"METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion, January n.) Affiiira nt tho conforonco hoing now at tho crisis ; tho commotion in Switzerland hoing about to explode porhnp* in smoke, ami perhaps with grapa for the notational potontato of Prussia ; and ititolliganco nrriv mg requiring the immodiato disposal of our red coats ond bluejackets in tho Yellow Sea;-therefore all her Majesty's .Ministers aro ont of town, enjoying themselves, at thoir leisure, in Scotland, Cornwall, Ireland, and other localities convenient for relaxation, if not for business. This is just ns it was this timo two yoar.t, when tho "horribloand heartrending" tidings carno by avery post, and found philosophic functionaries every, whero but whero thoy ought to bo. Lot us hopo thnt tho Crimean precedent won't be followed in other re. spouts ; but if wo wero to augur from ominous coinoi. donees, ono might ba found in tho faot that a'storm is just now blowing over London that .puts thoughts of Lord Raglan's atmosphorio bullawin in ono's head ; while tho nowspopors continue to resound: with pro. fossional tornadoos about him in a most tempestuous fashion. Thnt. confounded " staff officer"..bas proved a very Uoreas in provoking n whirlwind, in which Do Lnoy Evims nnd other grout guns have been unlimbered in most disorderly stylo ; whilo that vory blatant per son ugo, General Beatson, has boon nearly snulfed out hy Cnptain Money, who is endeavoured to be extinguished hy.tho Genoral on the scoro of hoing secretly prejudiced.. Tho Captain returns to tho ohurge to.day, and n most extraordinary cl largo it is, namely, that ho himself snw with- his own eyes, nnd blushed with his own checks nt tho shocking speotnale, Beatson unbuckling from his person and giving up Iiis sword, at tho demand pf n hand of Arah mutineers, though supportod nt tho timo by a regiment of Albanian cavalry, and though ho know nnothor reglmont was ooming up, tho surrender of the sword being a pledge that tho mutiny should go unpun- ished, the General, a British General, thus voluntarily making hiinsolf a prlsonor in his own anmp I That the General moy ho nt no loss to find'tho wboroabouts of tils' writer, tho latter gives it in full, East India United Service Club ¡-as if with a sort of hair Trigger insinu- ation worthy of a countryman of Sir Lucius; as Money, Hibernice Mooney, most probably is. Ghost of Major Macnamara, at rest but tho other day, only fancy such a provocation to point blank business ; and all being blank without a point, or without a dot—a pistol bullet. "Con, of tho hundred lights, sleep in thy grass-grown grave, and reproach us not with the number of thy 'conflicts !" as a poetical progenitor of Mr. Smith O'Brian is reported to have mournfully murmured a few thou' sand years ago, when tho philanthropic practice of drilling holes through one's neighbours' heads seemed to be going out of vogue. Time was, and that not long ago, when 'tho scandals of tho last dozen months in military circles would have made tho fortune of several fashionable coffin-makers, for very grave reasons. But now a ticket-of-leave man is tho only member of the British Lion's family who thinks of touching the "barkers." We have fallen below tho' standard be moaned by Pelham thirty years ago, when tho " Adven tures of a Gentleman " were supposed to include the luxury of blowing a friend's brains out, or having one's brains blown out by tho friend—always assuming there were brains in either case. - That " a blow can be returned, or; paid for,' comprised tho English code of resentment according tho Last of the Barons, in his pre- baronetage days ; but even payment has now evapór ated ¡ for if a tub full of printers' ink .is poured on i man, especially a military man, be doesn't get a penn; towards taking it off, thanks to Plain Jock's partiality for the naked truth, in the matter of libel law. We hear much of social reforms for. the coming session. It is to be hoped they will include the intro duction of a little politeness in the direction alluded to or a little of tho re-introduction of tho consequences of the opposite conduct. There never were so many gentlemen , or so little gentleness,", says the motto on the title page of Sybil ; and to do tho Right Hon. Macea beus justice, it is no fault of his that certain detonating etiquette which once prevailed among our " old nobilitie ' .has departed, and tho rudeness of irresponsibility grown in its stead, for he was always ready to give ' satisfaction ' to the dissatisfied in any way they pleased, provided it didn't assume a pecuniary aspect, which altogether altered tho complexion of the case in his eyes. Once upon a time there were recognized thirty-two distinct ways of giving the lie, or of supposing that it was in- tended to be given ; and upon each of these ways, or eaoh supposition of eaoh way, mortal arbitrament might be called for, and' could not be refusod. Now there if but one way ; and, as old Lucifer Landor says, tho lio ii given and taken with equal nimbleness and indifference nobody feeling tho worse for it, or being thought any the worse for not so feeling, honour being now as much a matter of sport to our lean heroes of tho valley of Bala- klava as it was to our fat non- combatant of Gadshill. Billingsgate is now the vernacular of our chivalry of the camp ; and our red-coated Cids and Bayards, who form erly felt a stain as a wound, and resented it accordingly, digest any amount of dirt as coolly as Pistol did his onion, only without a wry face, but rather as if they relished it. One would give something to know what our still gay and always reputedly gallant Premier thinks of the altered state of things now, as -compared with " tho days of his hot youth when George [which First or Second ?] was King." What changes has he not witnessed, to be sure, in this line? Can he believe him- self still to belong to tho same race with whom Wim- bledon Common and Bagshot Heath were words of stimulant and refreshment. Just let us run over a few of tho leading items of this sort which he has had per nonal cognizance of. It would be easy to go a good step farther back, but tho starting point here selected will suffice. Ho was at Harrow when Pitt and Tiorney, and Corrj and Grattan, popped at oaoh other ; at Edinburgh learning from Dugald Stewart that thoro was no, sue! thing ns original sin, whon tho Bt. Hon. George, Ogh and air. Bernard Coylo blazed away for an hour or so exchanging eight shots, without tho least injury, pro- bably with advantage, to their head-pieces-Irish ol course.Ho'wns at Cambridge when Macnamara hulled Col. Montgomery i Col. Burr killed General Hamilton, and Capt. Best killed tho all-killing Lord Camelford. He was in Parliament for Newport when Paull wounded Sir F. Burdott, and Lo. Pique killed Granpree, that match having como off in balloons I Ho was in oifioe when a couple of his chiefs, Castlereagh and Canning, .arranged their littlo differenoes nt twelvo pacos, Gtorge boing pinked. That was tho year Lord Paget (Marquis of Anglesey) having relieved Captain Cadogan of his rib, good naturedly undertook also to rolievo him of his lifo .also, but didn't ; and Cadogan ropaired his rib with another ;. while that of Pngot was taken by the then Ouko of Argyll ; and all lived happily ever afterwards, in that highly Agnpemonefled stato of morality which rendors the rebukes of the British aristooraoy towards the lax nobility of other countries so very satirical. Tho Juvenile was'becoming quite a red-tapo veteran when (1810) another of his superiors, tho pacido Peel, wanted to pistol O'Connell into the admission that the son of a cotton-spinner could be a gentlomau-a judgment which Daniel never carno to till the hour of his death. Tho Viscount had been u dozen years seoretory-at-war when the Dukes of Buckingham and Bedford, fathers of tho prevent pair of Graces, called each other out, and werft in again as wise, or rather as foolish as before ; which was also helbro the: present Postmiister- Generni, or President of the Counoil, or Secretary for War, or Comj raander-in-Chiof, or ambassador to Bussia, [all experi- enced placemen,] wore burn t It is eight and twenty years ago,- but must seem to the Viscount only as yesterday, since his third chief, Wellington, reciprocated lead with tho flory Winchelsea, that being tho year after the Duke's graceless relative, tho present. Earl of Mornington, then Long Polo Wellesley Tynley Long Pole, had tnt» long shot nt Mr. Crospigny, about some dovo in petticoats or Homo pigeoning business or other: but neither of the hawks wingod ooch other, whereat all tho black-legged rookery cawed congratula- tions. Of,course the subsequent rencontre}, Alvnnley and Morgan O'Connoll-Lord Seymour (.Duke of Somer- set), and Sir Colquhon Grant (whoso daughter the Queen of Bt-auty's brother, like n genuino chip of the old Sheridan' block, ran away with); Boebuck and.Dr. Black, Black Bottle and Harvey Tuckett, Captain (now Colonel) Boldero mid Craven Berkley, tho brothers-in law Fowcott and Munroe, and- Lieutenants Seaton and Hawkey;-all'theso affairs aro in tho recollection of everybody as old as was our antique Civis Bomiinus at tho end of last oentury. . Only think of it I-while Washington still lived, and Napoleon wasn't yet even Consul Bonaparte, and Paul, father of tho " friend of forty yours," was considered just as much of a " gentle- man " ns his late son Nicholas, or his present son Alexander, who is certainly tho "great" one of the family, for when did any of them perform such a territorial exploit as manufac- turing two '' Bolgrnds out of ouo ? Only think of our P. being contemporary with theso pre-Adarnites, nud still tho Adnin, or first man, among us I Talking ot' duels in connection with Palmerston, it is rather remark- able, though never rorr.nrkcd upon, that notwithstanding his highly pugnacious policy; although he has lived through ot least two whole generations of fire-eaters ; ii sprung of belligerent blood, from tho husband of Lndy Godiva of Coventry, on tho ono side, and tho Mnokjavo lines nnd O'Battlcnxes of Conomara on tho other ; and though ho hns pnsscd his existonoo by no means Uko n hermit, unless it be liko tho hermit of Vauxhall, nenrly swoczed to death by crowds of spectators; still, ho.bas never had a "meeting." Ho never assaulted anybody, even in words, unless unfortunnte Ho« eli Ile, at Tiverton, who innocently intimated his curiosity to know what party tho noble candidate intended to join next? having already bolongod to evo/y party that had olllce, or was likely to havo tho chance of it. Then tho descendant of Leofrio, Earl of Meroin, fell upon tho audacious' hind, nud Hayed him with tho ironical intelligence that ho didn't moan to bacoma a momber of a Rowuliffo admin- istration; whereupon tho said Kowcliffo was laughed into instantaneous annihilation by tho frau and inde- pendent constituent* of Mr. Hcnthcote's borough, and tho noble lord declared duly elected. ' It is further remarkable that though tho Viscount, in his non-aggressive individuality, might have been per- petual president of the Peace Congress, of no minister that ever lived,not of all whoever lived put together, have there been more harsh things said, in his non-official, as in his official, capacity. Not only has he had all the usual abuse for all he has done, but he has had unusual abuse as well for 'doing it in an opposite sense to tho ostensible one.' And so abroad as at home ; tho Liberals believing, and piling proof upon proof in support of their belief, that he betrayed them to tho despots;-tho despots believing that his pretensions to Conservatism were more auxiliaries to convulsion. In' tho very noon of Whig popularity, in tho Reform era, he was singled out for special vituperation ; and, morning after morning, for years, "Cupid", and "Yahoo", were tho names tho British Secretary for Foreign Affairs was chiefly known under to tho British public through, their usual leading intelligencer, which further said things that would shock the not vary delicate Dost Mahomed himself about tho fabrication of Sir A. Burne's dispatches. In Parliament it was the same. To no servant of the crown were such things ever, said as Attwood, Cutler, Ferguson, and others, said , to P.'s face about tho secret sacrifice of tho Poles ; and as men of much higher mark implied at tho time, of tho Vixen business; not to speak of various additional accusations, up to tho Pacifico point, and thence to tho approval of tho coup d'état. But, despite, all this, P. never got into a salt petre pickle, although nearly all others of his colleagues did. There was poor Althorpe, as little effervescent as one of his own prize churns, carried off by tho Serjeant at-arms because Shiel asked ",who is tho traitor?' and his lordship answered "you." Melbourne and Brougham all but enacted the Kilkenny cat tableau of swallow- ing each other, in respect to the difference between tho queen-mother and the mother of tho queen. Tho philo- sophic Macauley, even from the top of Windsor keep, called upon Auld Reekie to anathematise him, he called the Crotchety One, for spoiling the game of .a snug family party by excluding tho Viscount, who, however, then, as at all times before and since, whether in plots about Ladies of the Bedcamber, or tho Prince, or Lord John, or the bishops, or the Carlton, or tho Reform. or anything or anybody, kept his temper, and isn't likely to lose it now, no matter what turns up. Just look at his equanimity in that forty-porcupine epistolary hubbub he has been trapped into about the Southampton election ;-ridiculing tho Radical Andrews as an illiterate hog who didn't know B from a bull's foot ; and then writing him a long blarneying yarn beginning "My dear sir," expressing tho highest admiration of his manly qualities; and -tho liveliest anxiety lest his material in-' terests in the locality, he adorned should suffer by atten- tion to concernments of State in -Westminster ! Fancy Lord John in such a dilemma ! He would either have retired into the refrigerator of his own conceit, and refused all reply, or have denied his interrogator's 'right to ask for explanation ; or have sent an offensive one, as he did in tho three lines to poor Long Range Warner when he talked of taking tho invisible shell to a foreign market, saying, " Sir-I have received your letter ac- quainting me of your intention to break the law ; and your obedient servant, &c.;" Not so Henry John Temple K.G., who, Ophelia-like, turns unpleasant things "to favours and to prettiness." Instead of sending Andrews away with a flea in his ear, he has poured into that very wide orifice soft sauder enough to turn tho coachmaker's head, causing his brain to run round like an old wheel on a new anti-friction axle,, making very remarkable revolu tions indeed. And so,it has been on all occasions. Just when anybody is going to be particularly disagreeable, Palmerston makes things particularly pleasant, and out of an enemy manufactures a friend, or, what he values very much higher, an accomplice. Thus he mesmerised Anstey with the Attorney-Generalship of Hongkong when Chisholm was manipulating a fresh impeachment philipic, long enough to go round Westminster-hall, and strong enough to blow tho rooff off. And thereby hangs a tale. "What tale? Why pigtail of course, though a celestial one,, seeing it pertains to John Chinaman. How is it that nobody has noticed this Canton cannonading being wrought by the forensic ordnance of Anstey ? ¡ Yet such is the fact; or if it isn't, there will be as much call, for beheading-blocks on Tower-hill as for chopsticks in tho Boca Tigris. Anstey is the very body of our law, its form and pressure, to the Mandarins, and gets £4000 a year for being so,, which he considers shamefully inadequate pay for what he has to do. or rather for what he didn't do. His friends give out that his former -opinions are not only unchanged but "strengthened, ' by all he has seen abroad of that system denounced at home. Of that system nothing according to him, was - more culpable, or, as he put it, more criminal, than what pertained to China, which he regarded as part and parcel of the performance for- merly [as now ?] going on in Afghanistan. Mr. Lindsay , M.P., is understood to be tho depository of Chisholm's experiences in the flowery land on this head ¡ but that flaming administrative reformer has cooled down so amazingly of late, and red-tape has become the badge of perfectability so entirely in his eyes, for reasons highly creditable to his Caledonian arithmetic- in respect to Number One, that Anstey's secrets, whatever they be, are safe in his keeping-for the present, or till some comfortable contract is ripe for a little judicious em- ployment of terrorem tactics. Yet how now, if it should have happened, as of course it must have happened, that Anstey has been tho legal advisor of all the illegalities? Tho matter must have been referred to him, or what is he where he is for ? Bowring would never have dared to order tho bombardment on his own responsibility; and, if he did, Chisholm would assuredly have advised the disobedience of the order, and have stigmatised that most Anti-Benthamic Benthamite as a pirate, corsair, buccaneer, or what not. Well, death to Yeh and tho tea-dealers, it is sport to us. Delightful it will be, to be sure, to peruse, in parallel columns, tho instructions of her Majesty's attor- ney-general at Hongkong for battering, blowing up knocking down, and otherwise pouring feu d'enfer on tho Celestials, side by side with the same learned gentle man's denunciations of a former foreign secretary and presont First Lord of tho Treasury fur instigating pre- ciscly similar doings ! Hansard for 1847 will be in con- sidcrablo request for 1807, and entertaining to acertaij Arabian Knight it will ho. A Chinese puzzle is surely as amusing as any other Asian mystery, or at least may be made so in Caucasian hands. Many other mysteries too will it unravel. Fillibusterism is now a fixed fact, as the Yankee editors have it, in tho British as in the American official mind. Walker has only to send a plenipotentiary hero forthwith ; or if that functionary will but contrive to allude to tho British lion having squashed tho Chinese dragon, by George ! he will b received with unlimited èclat in Whitehall, and be called on at the Lord Mayor's dinner to return thanks for the whole corps diplomatique, his health, most likely, being proposed by our envoy extraordinary to Walker, if not the one to Buchanan, whoever is that emissary in future; Villiers really was to have been the mon, and wanted to be the man, and so did others too; but one other didn't ; and accordingly he isn't. Perhaps it is all for the best; for now there is to be a mission to Pekin, to settle present gunpowder and future pekin particulars. C. V. would do very well for tho post; tho post would do very well for him. The outfit would be tremendous; and he could do a capital stroke of business for his present hardware constituents by introducing Chubb's locks and other tumblers [made at Wolver hampton] to tho patronage of his most supernatural sublimity, Sze-Hing, otherwise Yih-Chu, emperor of twankay, sultan of souchong, father of old black boheat and grandfather of all green young hysons. Luckily for Villiers, that ubiquitous and protem protege of the Foreign Office, Sir Henry Bulwer, is at last out of the way. There is even no telegraph between Constantinople, where he now is, and Canton, where he is sure to think he ought to be ; for so he always thinks whenever there is any mischief brewing, or ferment going on anywhere. Some people fancy Shaftesbfry would be fittest ambassador to the Celestials, and his step-father, tho Premier, who looks like his younger brother, would doubtless be glad to encourage the Uta portly byway of a joke, and partly to get rid of the a-fl emplary Exeter Hallite while the Jew Bill was being discounted in tho Upper House. But there is a nniS'! more eligible candidato in tho field. On the sm'nhnHcj the Canton combustible communication on Monday cr»B» of " Eureka !" and sounds as if of a horn-pipe being pranced with a forty- centepede pedal impetuosity, must have been heard, by any one in tho neighbourhood of tho Premior's private apartment. Where(o«WRl Why, because his great difficulty was at an end What is his great difficulty? His fl difficulty is what to do with Lord John. Now he knows Pack him off to Pekin. There let him discuss, not four points, but a hundred points if he likes. Let him show as of course he would show, that as Confucius had a hand in tho Bill of Rights, knew nothing of Lord Somers, and never was invited to Holland House, it is clear that people who recognize such an authority must be in on extremely reprehensible condition, and should at once agree to the adoption of certain clauses in a' certain new reform bill of his own manufacture, which he hadn't an opportunity of converting into law at home, being pressed for time, and not being engaged upon t more than seventeen years. As tho Chinese are by no means an impulsive race, it may be assumed that t needful deliberation on this will last a tolerable time., But how about opening the deliberations at all ? Like St. Dennis carrying his head under his arm across the river, tho first step is the main difficulty. It is just forty years ago, this very month, since Lord Ambery set sail, in vast state, from the Downs, on a similar ex pedition, but came back much as a certain other person age did recently from Vienna, illustrating the adage about great cry and little wool. He wouldn't Kou-tou he wouldn't knock his head against that of a official numskull;' the numskull MT understand why ; and the portentous plenipot'JT standing upon his dignity, took it and himself off ;and there has never been on embassy since to tho metropolis of teapotland.' But here comes the advantage of having a man like Lord John. Time out of mind, Whigs have been famed for building walls expressly to run their heads against. No Whig has ever equalled his lordship in tho frequency of that performance. Consequently he must feel quite at home at Kou-tou. He wonld go at it like a buttering ram ; and the caput of no Chinese, and even a Chinese alderman, would be proof against the impetuosity of his craniological salutation. What im pression that might produce on tho head of the state it is hard to tell ; but the presumption is it would be fuvourable to England. If so, tho command of the channel fleet and tho other operations which the Comical Canon of St. Paul's said his lordship would undertake on a moment's notice, would sink into insignificance beside tho subjugation to commercial' purposes of the chief of a dynasty dating from a score of centuries before Hampden or Sydney, much less their historian, were heard of. , 'PJUCMOAI, P^IYSIOÏANS.-Tlioy, aro iinlicsifottor Hovers in phrases, in tho names of symptoms, «" classes of drugs. For each symptom (hey liav-e a K - and talk- of'tonios,'alteratives, astrlnfients, fe«"»] not boinginithe least aware, apparantly, that cmy "I thoy uso involves a complox and very doublt« ' J They «re neoossarily theorists in practico v! t ic i kindt bocnuso thoy do not oven suspect that wi , theoretical. . So far from. being practical in their "?"JU, of trontmont-that is to say, adnpting it to two i conditions in which tho individual is involved «». »j -thoy only Ionic nt speolnl or isolated III«»1." " i ThoiroBult ia, theadmlnistrationfortheouruufdi»' S frightful fargago of drugs, more dangerous oven wwi nullities of homicopntby. This error lins liM« 1 V""l" l"t"^""" tnli;,«n«n nn tho nrofïESW?! lu I whole, as well cm upon medical art. ?Dr. Lo'jcc» Mi 