EXPERIENCES OF AN AUSTRALIAN SHEPHERD. A three months' unsuccessful prospecting in the gulches of the Blue Mountains of Australia in 1853, not only walked away with my bag of dust, but also put me in that delightful fix known as "hard up ;" so that I was obliged, like many another poor devil, to engage with one of the ' swell coves' as a superin tendent over a lot of 'grass cutters,' as a gentleman digger would call it, but in 'old convict' language, a ' ---------- crawler of a shepherd '. Bad land laws rather than bad land checks agricultural pursuits in Australia, so that shepherding or stock-keeping is the only alternative with a poor man if unsuccessful at gold digging. Shepherding in Australia is everything but Arcadian. In place of a snug cottage embosomed in trees on the banks of sweet running waters, the shepherd lives in a rude hut framed with saplings and covered with bark, and placed under the ghost- like and shadowless gum-trees peculiar to the country, and near to some water hole, which, in the winter or wet season, forms part of a creek. No charming Phillis has he as a companion, to make life agreeable and to cook his food ; but instead, one or two bearded men, perhaps, as in my case, old hands, or convicts of vile tastes and viler habits. These constitute his sole com panions — that is, of the human species, (the aborigines being too nearly allied to the monkey tribe to rank as human,) and are all the faces that he sees for months, except at regular intervals, when a person from the head station brings the weekly rations. Theso consist of flour, tea, sugar, and to bacco. For meat you depend on the flock, and to such an extent have I indulged at times in lamb, ram, sheep, and mutton, that I have been ashamed to look a sheep in the face. Shortly after engaging, I was attacked with rheumatism, a very common complaint in the 'Bush,' and was obliged to change billets with the hut-keeper. In this situa tion the labors are light, and the pay much lighter. My duties were : — First, to keep the hut in order ; but, considering that the size of it was only twelve by fifteen feet, of which the chimney took up one third, and the furniture consisted of three sheets of bark placed on legs driven.into the floor so as to form two bed places and a table, together with a few three legged stools, it was no 'difficult job to' keep it in order. 2nd, I was to do tho cooking, which was very simple, and only compelled tho necessity of converting twelve pounds of flour per man a week into the same weight of damper — and damper it is for anything short of ostrich digestion. It is made by mixing flour and water into a thick paste, which requires kneading very violently for a half an hour ; this is dona by placing your pan, i.e., a Bheet of bark, ou tho ground, when, by getting on your kueos, you- have full svyin?, and can punch it to your heart's content — this is called praying, and is 'the only act of devotion much in vogue in that country — tho dough is then flattened out to a round cake about two inches thick, and covered up in a bed of hot ashes, where it is left to bake or burn, as fate decides. I was also to kill and cook, either by boiling or frying, sufficient mut ton for our wants, which, with the damper and tea, formed our bills of fare day after day. Our cooking utensils were far from numerous : a two-gallon kettle for boiling meat, a small frying-pan, a small tin kettle called a billy, for our tea, together with a few pani kins and plates, made up the assortment. 3d. 1 was to bring fuel and water, shift the hurdles for folding the sheep twice a week, nnH to sleep in a watdi-bos ,to euablo me to guard the flocks at night from tho , attacks of dingoes or native dogs. This watchbox was like a large- sized kenuel on legs, aud moved by means of long handles, with the hurdles whenever they' were shifted. Sleeping in this machine was Jar pre- , ferablo to the hut, for that had been occupied so long ' . that it was full of fleas, nnd they of the largest size. ; 'I am sure a week's residence thero would have de pleted a Daniel Lambert ; and I think it must bo this lively animal which causes the withered aud bloodless appcarancc Europeans assume after a short resi dence in tho country. A few days suffic. d to break me into the routine of my daily 'duties, when I found more than half my. timo unoceupiod. But walking ; over the adjoining gulches, with pan and shove!, | prospecting, searching out curiosities, &c.;, occupied the day. The evenings found us with our pipes gathered around the fire. My companions having a new listener, delightedly recounted their lives, par ticularly that portion relatiug to their being lagg'd or , transported for crimes committed at home. J ohnson, the oldest one, had a most disgustingly sensual fnce, and he was a perfect drunkard. By clothing himselt in old sheep skins, he would manage to save his wages, about 200 dollars, until tlu; end of the year ; then ho would go to town, and, as lie termed it, 'live like a gentleman,' which meaut to get drunk and to keep so until the money was gone, which jmiglit last a week. He would thou go back to his old lifo tor auother year. According to his account, iovo was the occasion of his banishment. Ho was well conuccted, cousin to tho Dean of Rochester, and moving in good society, aud had held a Government situation of some importanco. Iu an unfortunate hour he fell in love, and although the lady returned his affection, yet her father objected on the ground of poverty. To do away with this objection, Johnson issued certain documents, which the Government refused to recognise, and very kindly | furnished him with a residence in Australia. This ia j tho substance of his story, told in a very lackadaisical ihanner, and he would wind up with ' when I thinks of what I his and what I 'avo been, my 'art is ready to bust.' Tho other one rejoiced in the namo of ' Prince Albert,' I supposed from somo real or ima ginary resemblance to that illustrious .personage. \Vhat was his real name is wrapt in mystery, aud his earliest recollections were those of the gin palaces and purlieus of Seven Dials. His countenance indicated the villian, and his conversation was that of a most anointed wretch. Housebreaking and robbery, for which he was transported, were according to his ideas, a' venal offence. Murder also formed part of his ad ventures, and all wero told with an earnestness which carried a certain conviction as to their truth. If I had possessed a little more money and greenness this might havo frightened mo ; but tho fact that I had nothing to lose, and had often como in contact with others as bad as he, without injury, took away all feeling of fear ; the only effect it did have was to pro duce unpleasant feelings, when comparing my present with tha life of two years before, when a clerk in New York. Wo generally broke up early in tho evening. Tho shepherds retired to the blankets and fleas, and I to my watclibox aud the companionship of my old dog, poor old fellow I many a weary milo of Australian bush havo we tracked together — ho was very near pure Scotch Coolie, aud very- tractable, learning and doing his duty liko a christian ; after being placed^at the fold at dusk he would not leavo it until sunrise, when, feeling his labors wore over, ho was ready for anything. These fine nights — and mag nificont nights they wero — when lying on my back looking at the Southern Cross and Magellan clouds, how I have longed for tho sight once more of tho tail of the Great Bear, and thought how little the profession of shepherding had altered from olden time, for I re collect some church hymn begins, ' Whilst shepherds watched their flocks by night ' I wonder if they wore troubled with native dogs or dingoes in those days ? If they were not I was, and many a time have I cursed them. These auimals are about the size and shapo of a largo fox, but vary in color from foxy to light grey. I havo seen black ones, but they are from crosses of domestic dogs ; they beat Reynard completely for cun ning and destructiveness. One of thorn running through a flock of sheep will destroy from 50 to 100 ; for, as he runs, ho snaps from side to side, each timo taking out a piece like a gough (a sheep when oneo bitten will never recover), and it is a bad wound to heal on any, whether man or auimal. They generally run iu packs of a dozen aud upwards, aud the noise they make at mght, as they sit on a hill sido watching a fold for a chance at a sortie, is anything but an agreeable serenade. They commenco with a long drawn wail, like that of a dying dog, which, after a few minutes, „ subsides into a sharp yelling bark. Although tiruy have nevar been known, even in seven seasons and in large packs, to attack a well man, yet the sensations produced by their musical efforts aro anything biit pleasant, producing that delightful sen sation on the 'epidermis' known as creeping. A pack of eight, led by an old gruy dog, gave mo for a long time a deal of trouble. Not content with en deavoring to soothe my slumbers with their dulcet notes, they often rushed into tha folds, aud had it not been for the excellent qualities of my wateh- dog, would have occasioued the loss of a great part of tlio flocks. This, besides causing these gum-tree orclies to resound with certain words, known only in thu vocabulary of a bullock-driver, also set my ingenuity at work to construct, with an old Queen Ann musket, a gun-trap, which succeeded so well that in a month . my competitors iu mutton chops wero reduced to tho old grey- haired leader, and ho was tho devil himself. Traps of all kinds he understood as well as the maker, and as to tracing out his don without a dog of strong scent, it was impos sible, so at last I was driven to constant watching, and after a week's trial succeeded in getting a shot at him, but I only wounded him, aud not sufficiently to prevent hi3 escapo, however I had a good trail to follow his blood. So the next morning, after finishing my hut duties aud depositing my daily bread ia the ashes, I started to call on my friend Dingo. From the folds striking west over a low . range I tracked his blood, which from tho quantity indicated a severe wound, and aftor a half hour's walk led me directly to a fallen treo, which,-. like all tho trees iu the country had lost its heart, and had a hole like a tunnol through the whole length of it. Th.o butt end was immense, more like a cave than a hollow tree ; a strong breezo was blowing fair into the mouth of it, so, without waiting to ' stir up tho animal with a long pole,' I placed my dog to watch tho small end, while I made a smoke at the big end, to drive him through ; after making tho fire, I went to the other end, thinking to help the dog, when tho infernal old Dingo fairly faced the music, and pushed out, right through the fire. This wa3 so unexpected, that it gave him considerably the start, but we soon gained on him, when it became apparent, from his motions, that I had wounded him ill tho near shoulder. This considerably interfered with his run ning, but ho still had strength and pluck left to give us a long race. Singularly, instead of taking up -the flat gulches between tho ranges, ho made directly over them. I could only account for it by the fact, that in that direction lay the only water hole besides the ono near the hut to be found in a long distance, and that, being exhausted by loss of blood, he was making for a drink. Tim was fortunate for me, as I confidently expected to find tho shepherds, nooning at that place ; and, with their assistance at\d that of theft- dogs, to turn tho chase, and either ran him down or earth him again in the old spot, Nor were my hopes blasted ; for, on rising the ridge over looking the pool, I saw thein. With a loud yell 'X at tracted their attention, and easily gave them by ges tures to understand what I wanted. They sacceoded in tho operation ; and, leaving their flocks in. cliargo of one dog, joined mo in pursuit of old Grey Brush. After heading him, he made directly for the liut ; and we gave him mighty sharp chase, so that by the time the hut hove in sight, we wero closo on him, and his strength apprrently gone. Coming to tho door; of the hut, the old wretch, as if to be revenged on me co the last, bolted in, locating himself on the top of fclie 'damper,' in tho ashes. Thero he showed fight ; aud sueli a scattering of ' damper' cinders for the next five minutes was awful. When it subsided, Dingo was dead ; and all that remained of tho 'dam- per' tho dogs were quietly dispatching for their sharo of the spoils. This was a ' dogastrophy' wo liad nob anticipated ; and it east a damper on our sport far heavier than the lost one would do to our stomachs ; for in shepherd lifo your daily bread depends moro on the flour in tho bag than the sweat of one's brow. However, by taking our trophy to tho Head Station that night, the old man not only made up our flour but gave us a quart of East India, 30 o.p., and his hearty thanks. Did not tho tongues .wag in our hut that night? And I went to bed more satisfied than ever that ' Jack Ketch' was a most valuable member of the Colonial Government. It was joyful, indeed, when tho last day of my three months' servico ex pired, Pocketing my wages, aud turning a deaf ear to tho flattering inducements of the overseer to hiro again, I back'd my ' swag,' and, in a few words, having explained to my companions with how inqgh safety I thought they might trust themselves at sea, aa the old adage says, ' a man born to be hung will never be drowned,' and whistling ' Yankeo Doodle,' I turned my face towards the -nearest gold-field — Mt. Maryborough. 