A DIFFICULT CASE. We select this extraordinary narrative from House hold Words-.— Mr Francis Blandy was an attornev-at-law, residen it Henley, in the county of Oxfordshire ; a gentleman sixty-two years old ; a widower, with but a single child, l daughter, to whom he was devotedly attached. Mr Blandy lived in a1 good house, and his household con sisted of himself, Mary his daughter, his clerk, two maid-servants, and a man-servant. There were also an jld nurse, a charwoman, and an old man servant, who bad become sexton of the parish, every week about the house, engaged in sundry acts of service. Mr Blandy ivas a man in fair health, who had been for years troubled with heartburn, and such twinges as belong naturally to ono who is found after death with a stono in his gall-bladder. Mr Blandy and his daughter had lived vory happily together ; and tho father, when the shild camo to bo of marriageable age, was desirous to porcure for her what he would consider a good match. To attract wealthy suitors, the attorney gave out that his daughter would have a fortune of ten thousand pounds. Among the persons who were attracted to Miss Blandy by the prospect of ten thousand pounds was a captain in the army, who by chance came to Henley to recruit. This was the Hon. William Henry Cran stoun, a man of good address, whose mother was a titled lady living in a Scotch castle. Mr Cranstoun, however, was a person of base character ; who, having children in sundry places and a wife in one place, nevertheless insinuated himself into Miss Blandy's affections, and offered her marriage for the sake of being master of her money. Tho father Baw great reason for distrusting Mr Cranstoun's honesty, and therefore discouraged his attentions to tho daughter. Mary, however, was enamored of the captain, and the old gentleman was too indulgent to put any strong check upon her inclinations. Mr Cranstoun was a guest at the lawyer's house from August to November, in tho year seventeen hundred and fifty, but tho master of the house took no pains to disguise the fact that his visitor was thero on sufferance ; and upon this topic littlo quarrels frequently aroso between father and daughter. In the next turn of tho story the whole difficulty lies. Cranstoun said one morning he had seen Mr Blandy's ghost ; which must portend his death. Miss Blandy also said she had heard strange music in the house, which was a sign of death to some ono of its inmates, and she was afraid her father would not live another year. At the same time a white powder was for tho first time put into the old man's tea. Let ub say at once, as a guido to tho readers of the case, that Miss Blandy declared throughout, and with an awful solemnity affirmed with her last breath that she at no time suspected tho white powder (of which we shall presently find her makiHg habitual use) to be a poison ; but that it was given her by Cranstoun as a oharm able to maks her father favorabla to his suit. CransUun, she said, while he was staying at their house, put a white powder into her father's cup of tea, which had been poured out beforo he camc to break fast. Sho averted her face wliilo he did so; but ob served that no ill effects followed, and therefore ac cepted the assuranco of her iover and trusted in his honor, when he said that the charm would do no hurt. He left this assurance with her when he went away for a time to the North. A hundred years ago credulity was common enough, and in all times girls have been, credulous of tho assertions of their lovers. The facts proved in evidence make it however, very difficult, though not impossible, to acccpt this solution of the case. Soon after Mr Crunstouii's departure, Miss Bla.nly began to receive from the Captain in Scotland letters and presents. Among the presents were occa sional boxes of Scotch pebbles, and with the pebbles, a small paper containing what was according to its label, powder to clean the pebbles. This powder was habitu ally mixed by Miss Blandy with her father's tea. Tho invalid complained of his stomach, and was sick. Ho lost health so much that a neighbor said to liis wife, ' I fear my old friend Blandy is breaking up.' Still thoro was an occasional exchange of hard words be tween father and child on the subject of the captain, varying a course of life that was on the whole affec tionato. A servant who was proved to boar her no good will, and who deposed that she had in coarse languago during a talk about young girls being kept out of their portions, asked who would not kill a father for ten thousand pounds ? This servant admitted that she was attcntivo and careful on her father's behalf throughout his illness, and did for him what sho might have dono for herself or any other person. Mr Blandy was often sick after his breakfast. A servant, who once finished tea left by him at breakfast time, was taken in, but not immediately after it; sho attributed her illness to beans eaten heartily at dinner time. After a timo Miss Blandy wrote a letter to tko ? captain, which obtained this answer: 'I am sorry there are such occasions to clean your pebbles ; you must make use of the powder to them, by putting it in , anything of substance, wherein it will not swim atop of the water, of which I wrote to you in ono of my last. I am afraid it will be too woak to tako off the rust, or at least it will tako too long a time.' In the same letter he talked of the beauties of Scotland, and re ported that his mother, Lady Cranstoun, had employed workmen to fit up an apartment for her at Lennel House. Soon afterwards, Miss Blandy began to put her father's powder into tho water-gruel which ho took for supper. The father's bodily state was becom ing very ?wretched. Vomiting, purging, and internal ulceration tortured him. A nurse, for whom his daughter had a great deal of affection, drank one morn ing the gruel left by tho master overnight, and was seized, before she could finish it, with so violent a sick ness that tho servants feared she would die in a fit. Sho said, while she was eating it, that the houso smelt of physic, and everything in it tasted of physic. It is to bo observed that, fancying one of tho servants was not looking well, Miss Blandy had warned her of the un wholesomeness of water-gruel, and had said something to her fellow-servant with alike intention. The powder was still being- mixed with tho gruel. A large panful of gruel for-threo. days' consumption was prepared ; and, on the third day, ono of tho servants declared itto be stale, and made some more. ' Then,' sho testified, 'I brought out the pan (tho evening before I thought it had an odd taste), so I was willing to taste it again, to see if I was mistaken or not ; I put it to my mouth and drank some, and taking it from my mouth, I observed some whiteness at the bottom. X went immediately to tho kitchen and told Botty Bin field there was a white settlement, and I did not re member I had never seen oatmeal so whito before. Betty said, ' Let mo see it;' I carried it to her, sho said, ' What oatmeal is this ? I think it looks as white as flour.' We both took tho pan and turned it about, and strictly observed it, and concluded it could be nothing but oatmeal. 1 then took it out of doors into the light, and^saw it plainer; then I put my finger to it and/ound it gritty at the bottom.oftho pan; I then re collected I had heard say, poison was whito and gritty, which made me afraid it was poison.' Murder was out. Tho pan was carefully put by ; taken, on first opportu nity, to a friend of the family ; and shown to tho family surgeon; who said ho could not tell what it was, because it was wet, but thought thero must bo foul play somewhere. Now Mr Blandy was at this time dangerously ill, nnd Miss Blandy had learnt from the surgeon that ho was in danger ; whereupon she urged, against her father's wish, tho sending for additional advice, and did send secretly for Doctor Addington. Doctor Addington, when he saw his patient, suspected poison, and asked questions which alarmed Miss Blandy. On a Saturday night, therefore, when sho had directed a letter to ail uncle, in the kitchen, and had mado occasion to go to the fire to dry the ink, sho slipped into the firo some papers, and poked them down into the coals. One ser vant immediately threw coals on ; aud, as soon as tho young lady was gone, from under tho damp coals tho two maids'took a piece of paper that was only singed and that contained white powder. It was labelled in Mr Cranstoun's hand- writing, ' Powder to clean the pebbles.' ' Then tho servants were convinced that their young mistress had been poisoning her father. Ono of them gave information to her master early tho next morning. The powder was placed, on his next visit, in tho hands of Doctor Addington, who called in a second physician, and remained all day with his patient. During that day ho caused Miss Blandy to be searched and guarded.' Ho asked the father moro than onco whether he really thought he had taken poison. Tho old man replied that ho thought he had. His toeth had decayed faster than was natural, and he had, especially after his daughter had received a present of Scotch pebbles from Mr Cranstoun, been affected with unaccountable pinch ings and heats in his tongue aud throat, and with al most intolerable burnings and pains. I asked him, said the doctor, whom ho suspected to be tho giver of the poison ? Tho tears stood in his eyes, yet he forced a smile, and said, 'A poor love-sick girl, I forgivo her. I always thought thero was mischief in those cursed Scotch pebbles. ' Tho evidonco to identify the powder in tho pan and paper as whito arsenic, is curiously illustrativo of tho difference between tho chemistry of to-day and that of a hundred years ago. The surgeon believed ihe white powder found in the pan to bo poison, ' because it was gritty and had no smell.' The physician tried some in his house with a red hot poker (to proeure the odour of garlic in the fumes,) ' upon which,' he says ' I did imagine it was of the arsenic kind.' Tho physician who received the paper of arsenic rescued from tho fire, said, ' I opened tho paper very carefully, and found in it a whitish powder, like whito arsenic in taste, but slightly discolored by a littlo burnt paper mixed with it. I cannot swear this powder was arsenic, or any other poison ; because the quantity was too small to make any experiment with that could bo depended on.' With tho whito powder from tho pan, by trying ton grains in one way, ten grains in another way, and so using five tests on large quantities — repeating tho same tests with identical results on arsenic bought as such, at a shop — ho obtained sufficient certainty as to the poison used. Now the chemist can identify tho imallest fraction of a grain. Miss Blandy, imprisoned in lierj room and parted from her father — who, sho was told, was dying — bo- ciimo violently distressed, ller distress was imputed by the physicians to her knowledge of the consequences to herself with which she was then threatened. She pleaded hard to see her father onco, and did Bee him. IIo received her tenderly ; to her plea for forgiveness be said, ' I forgive thee, my dear, and I hope God will forcive thee, but thee shouldcst have considered better than to have attempted anything against thy father ; thee shouldst havo considered 1 was thy own father.' ' Sir,' sho said, ' as to your illness, I am entirely innocent.' Ono of tho servants then reminded her of the known facts. Miss Blandy replied, ' I have put powder into ten, I havo put powder into wator-gruel ; and if you are injured, I am entirely innocent, for it was given mo with another intent.' Her father firmly believed that. Ho spoko of her only as the poor lovo sick girl, upon whose simplicity Cranstoun had practised. ' Oh,'sucli a villian!' ho said, as he turned in his bed, ' Coineto my house, oat of the best and drink of tho best my house could afford, to tako away my life and ruin my daughter. But in his last words to his child, after blessing her, there was a strange mingling of the lawyer with the father : 'Do, my dear, go out of my room; say no more, lest thou shouldst say anything to thy own prejudice.' The girl was taken back to prison in her chamber. She pleaded in vain. She asked afterwards for leave only to be against her father's door when ho was dying. She was a monster in the eyes of all about her, and as such she was treated. On tho night of hei father's death, she made, to two servants, wild proposals of flight. At the timo of the autopsy, sho being loft with open doors, she said, in the defence sho was obliged to make for herself upon her trial, — ' I ran out ot tho houso, — ' out of the house and over tho bridge, and had nothing on but an half sack and petticoat without a hoop ; my petticoats hanging about me, tho mob gathered about me. Was this a condition, ray lords, to make my cscapo in ? A good woman beyond tho bridge, seeing me in this distress, desired mo to walk in till' the mob was dispersed.' Tlipre sho was taken, and brought back to durance. The good woman so men tioned, being examined, said that when sho called Mary Blandy to save her from tho mob, 'sho was walking as softly as foot could be laid to the ground ; it had not the least appcaranco of her going to make her escape.' For this attempt to cscapo, such as it was, tho pri soner was made to wear irons in gaol. Outsido tho gaol doors horrible stories, afterwards confessed to be false, were told about her. Sho was found guilty of murder at her trial, but conducted herself with so much deco rum that tho prej udice of many persons was diminished. Afterwards while under sentence, her behavior in pri son was said to be unimpeachable. She was content to suffer ior having destroyed her father, but to the last, with an appearance of true sincerity, declared that sho had been duped by Cranstoun, and persisted in that account of the crime which sho confirmed with an awful adjuration. Her last words were, 'May I not meet with eternal salvation, nor bo acquitted by Almighty God, in whose awful presence I am instantly to appear, if tho whole what I havo hero assorted bo not true.' Thoro are moro details in this case than we havo given here, but we havo represented fairly the degree and nature of its difficulty. Cranstoun fled the country 