Jr/Daisa from the present appearance of things ia the Assembly, the resumed session does not promise to be of the liveliest kind. An evident languor, — whether of indifference or exhaustion we cannot well say, — pervades both sides of the House. The Ministry are not exultant, but rather wear their new honors with an air of uneasy solicitude and resignation. Not a par ticle of interest did the ministerial statement ort Tuesday create. On the following day, tho very genius of dulness seemed to have already taken possession of the place. On Mr. M'Oulloch's motion to impose a duty on opium, only the merest ghost ot a debate was started. Honorable members on both sides seemed as torpid as if 4iey all were under the influence of the paralys ing drug. Mr. M'Culloch got his ten-shilling duty for the bare asking, and the lucky holders of opium chuckled over the handsome bonus which the Honorable House had so generously voted them. If things go on at this rate, the course of Parliamentary business will become as dull as that of a Dutch canal. No more piquant debates ; no more fierce onslaughts and still fiercer reprisals; no more exciting triumphs upon great questions ! Nothing henceforth but practical measures and downright business. How long this lull in the senatorial atmosphere is to last remains to be seen ; but, meanwhile, it is not unworthy of remark, that there is some thing of credit due to the members now occu pying the Opposition benches for tho forbearance they are exhibiting toward their former assail ants. It was not they who introduced tho dis graceful tactics of personal ostracism into the House ; and, although^some of them have been made the victims ot it, they do not condescend to retort upon their adversaries with their own weapons. They grant a fair hearing to the New Cabinet, and are, doubtless, prepared to aid them in carrying on the business of the country, up to the point where principle demands that they should re- assume the attitude of uncompromising opposition, As they were courageous while in power, they can afford to bo magnanimous when in opposition. No less than the Ministerial side of the House are they desirous of advancing public business. Let Ministers, then, proceed as best they can to embody in practical measures, the extensive programme of policy they have just announced or accepted. Opposition they may have, but of factious opposition we believe not a shadow. Parliamentary Oppositions, like' national Con stitutions, are not made, but grow. When they are deliberately formed for purposes of antago nism to a party in power, they necessarily partake . more or less of a factious character ; but when they grow up spontaneously, upon a clearl3r-defined basis of political principles, they are not only legitimate and safe, but positive indications of healthful vitality in the State. It will be the wisest course, as it seems to us, to form no Op position, of set purpose, to the Ministry in power, but to wait for the introduction of their measures. — the practical illustrations of their policy. If those should be of the broadly liberal cast as sented to on Tuesday, it will be tho duty of all sides of the House to support them ; but if other wise, opposition to them will be naturally evoked ; and it will be all the more effective, when it does arise, for being spontaneous. Tb.sre is a remarkably close analogy in many respects between the parliamentary beginnings of the two Haines administrations. Even in the composition of the two respectively this is seen ; but it is more evident still in the position of par ties in the House with reference to them. True it is that the Ministerial benches look very much fuller than they did at the commencement of the session ; but what, in reality, constitutes the difference ? Why that the Gross benches have gone to the right, and left their old seats empty. For the rest, the strength of the party seated on the Opposition side is not materially different from what it wa3 then. But it is equally certain in this case, as in the other, on which side the process of growth will be. Already there are two of the promised 'liberal' measures before ther House, and on both of them there will probably bo division, even on the Ministerial benches. Th ere are members there who cannot possibly gii re in their adhesion to the principles of unmi tig ;ated squatterism, and members who could not fo! ; a moment think of supporting the Bill for pr. eventing Gold Mining on Private Lands. Here, at once, axo the prolific germa of Opposition, aiu in spite of present appearances, the course of the now Ministry may not prove to be quite as smoothly transitional as they anticipate. Mr Foster has a motion on tho notice paper for to-day, declaring ' that, in the opinion of the ' House, it would bo detrimental to the public ' interest to transmit to England any money for ' the purposes of Immigration to this colony, ' during the present year, except such as may be ' requisite. (1 ) To meet the remittances which ' have been or shall bo made by individuals in ' the colony for that purpose, to whom the public ' faith is pledged. And, (2.) To provide suffi ' cient funds for tho free passage of five thousand ' dingle females.' It is, we suppose, to be presumed that the Assembly will adopt this, or some similarly sim ple expedient, to get this immigration subject out of the entanglements into which it has fallen in its progress through Parliament. Never was there a scheme of which tho announcement looked more auspicious, or of which the course has been more tortuously unsuccessful, than the grand immigration project of Mr Childens.' While it was before the House it caused more discussion, both inside and ouside of it, than almost any other measure, of the session ; and at first the feeling amongst honorable members was decidedly in its favor. Influenced by the bland eloquence of the ox- Commissioner of Customs, the House not only passed his resolutions (with certain slight modi fications only), and his Bill founded on them ; but also generously voted him the good round sum of nearly three hundred thousand pounds, which he modestly asked from them for the pur pose of giving his project 'a fair trial.' But this fervor of extravagant generosity speedily wore off, as tho true character of tho scheme came to be clearly discerned, It was a thousand pities that the scales did not fall from the eyes of hon. members, and of the public ' out of doors,' before the resolutions had been adopted and the money votod. The thing, however, seemed irre vocably done, when crash camo the fall of the first Haines Ministry, brought about indirectly through tho action of this very scheme, — the ingeniously adroit ex-Commissioner of Customs hist manacrinsr to clear safely out of the concern, before he was buried in the ruins ! Ere the Bill could pass through the Upper House, the two ad journments took place ; and thus it comes about that the Bill which was wanted in the greatest hurry at tho beginning of March, and for which the House was obliging enough to sit up far into the night more than once, in order that not a single day might be lost in passing it, is still under the consideration of their Lordships, at the latter end of May, with some prospect of its never getting through their hands at all ! The whole business is a marked instanco of the speedy re-actions that take place in the current of public opinion in this changeful country ; and it is also a memorable example of the failure of a scheme to further selfish ends paraded before the world in tho guise of a patriotic and statesman like design. The colony has heard the last, or nearly the ' last, of Mr Childers and his scheme : that is very clear. Even if the Immigration Bill pass the Upper House, it is now certain that only a small proportion of the sum actually voted will be employed for the purpose of carrying it into operation. The second Haines Ministry distinctly repudiate the pet project of the first. To bo sure the Chief Secretary himself spoke rather du biously on the point when 'put to the question' by Mr Harker, but the ' leading advocate' was iG=w rmarded. He roundly declared that it is not the intention of the Ministry to ' send large ' sums of money out of the country to 'import additional labor whioh was ut ''terly superfluous.' This avowal brings the Ministry and Mr Foster very nearly into accord . The only questions now are, What amount shall be sent to England during the next twelve months 1 And on what kind of immigration shall it be expended 1 Mr Foster's resolution answers the second question. Of all possible classes of immigrants the 'as3i3ted class,' — those who are sent for by their friends already here, and whose immigra tion hither is aided by the Government on that account, — are universally the most valuable to us in every point of view. They have the first and paramount claim. A single family of that class brought out is a far more valuable acquisition to this country than a whole shipload of the indis criminate 'bounty' clas3. On this point, argu ment is superfluous, as there is no second opinion respecting it. Clearly, then, if the scheme of immigration is to be reconstructed, the Srst clas3 to be included is that one. The next olas3 ia that of single females ; and on no account should they bo left out, espe cially now that the country can exercise its own choice in the selection of them. There is really no estimating the social benefits which, in con nection with a more generous land system, would accrue to this country from the constant immi gration into it of large numbers of single females of unblemished character. We do not yet know what proportion the two grand divisions of tho census for 1857 will bear to each other, but it is unfortunately still too true that the masculine alement is dangerously predominant in our popu lation. The Assembly, then, wo will assume, will agree to Mr. Foster's proposition respecting thoss two classes ; but whether they will consent to limit the immigration to those alone remains to be seen. We think they ought to do so. The wholo thing would thus take a more definite and prac tical Bhape ; and the resolution, if passed just as it is, and taken as a pendant to , the Bill in the Upper House, would determine the amount of the expenditure to bs incurred Under it within the year ; — in which case our first ques tion would be also answered. It is amusing enough to note the effect that the fact of his representing a popular consti tuency may have on the mind of even a pro squatter Minister. Mr Michie, on behalf of him self and colleagues, speaks as decidedly against the folly of spending large sums of money to in troduce additional labor, and is as sharp about a crowded labor- market, as Mr Don himself could have been, were he in the Assembly. The fact that there ia abundance of labor in the colony for all its requirements at this moment is unde niable ; but, as we have more than once lately taken occasion to show, it is about the most dis graceful fact for this country that could bo published to the world. With such a terri tory — with, such resources— with such fields for boundle33 enterprise and literally Iimitle33 progress— find with a population not exceeding tkat of Manchester : — that there should yet be heard in Melbourne complaints of want of em ployment, just as they are heard in over-crowded London : — it is altogether one of tho most scan dalous paradoxes ever exhibited in the condition of any people ! Yet so it is ; and while the fact remains so, it would be, as Mr Michie says, per fect folly to exhaust our resources in importing labor for which wo cannot find employment. The ex-representative of the Land League knows the cause of the social anomaly as well as we do ; and but six months ago he was loudest in the demand to have it rectified. But, ah, how changed since then ! 