MEr/IlOUIt**; HTOI DOINGS. Bi Nimhod's Ghost. TUB SF.COND OEKLONO TIIT3T. : Mostofth* mombcrsoftheM.H.C. returnod to Mol bourno on tho Wednesday morning, after the loBt re counted adventures ; bnt a fow remained bolilnd as hail for tho duo performance of the noxt day's fete. In tho intcrvoning time, all sorts of preparations woro made for a turn-out superior to that ot Tuesday, and tho oxcito nicnt, which had already begun to blaze, bocamo a flam ing red conflagration. Horses, that had appearod in long and shaggy coats, were clipped or groomed into coats of velvet smoothness, sportsmen, who had figured in Bhooting togs and ' longB,' drovo thoir snips into des poratiou by ordering cut-aways and breeches ; and lir ory stable keepers rose their domnnils for hiro to such fabulous prices 03 almost realisod the early goldon times of tho diggingB. Nothing oIbo was talked of in tho ' Commercial Pivot ' than tbo Saturday moot, and tho banks nnd tlio wholcsalo stored remained undecided during business hours as to whether thoy Bhould close their doom or not. i When leaving Gcolonc, it was decided that tho Mbl bouruo sportsmen should return on Friday evening, and proceed to tbo tryBting placo early tho noxt morning ; but nows of an innumerable lot of dingoa, at a conaidor ablo distanco from tho appointed meet, having readied tho worthy rooster, ho imiBtorod his forces earlier than waB calculated upon, and arrivod by tho first afternoon train, bo as to go down overnight. Tho consequences of this sudden arrangoiiiont wero a hurried getting away on tho part of thoso who wefo acquainted with it, and a sorious disappointment to thoso who had not prepared for a momentary Btart. Somo wero utterly fiabborgostod, and otbora only saved thqniEolvos by tho ' Bkin of their tooth,' amongst whom was tho deponout himself, who drop ping in at tho temporary bead quartern of tho dub, tho ' Terminus Hotel,' during tho oarly part of t!io after noon, found a large party j ufit arrived and taking a hasty lunch prior to tho momontnrily expected arrival of their promised drag. ThiB woll appointed conveyance, albeit an American break, was tooled punctually to tho hotel door by as good n specimen of a thorough English four in-hajder us evor graced a coach-box, Mr. E. Lascclles, who had kindly provided thiB convenient accommoda tion for his Melbourne friondH, and handlod tho ribbons himself of four Bpicy tits, which, though n scntsh tarn, howled us down in real Brighton-rua'l stylo Such n coach load of jolly follows, with such a jolly jehu, and all in their velvet hunting caps, was a Bight that almost ittarod quiot Geolong out of its propriety, and wo aro credibly informed that sundry qiinstm and servant maids fainted away at tho inspiring appeaiar.co. Ovor roa'ls of all degrees of rougbnois, and that required as muchcour a^'O to faco aa Irish bogs and Wiflsomliiic brook-', o:ir gal- lant major banged ub along with mingled tluxtsrity and caution, and wo safely ruached our destination, tho ' Buck'B Head,' Belloriuo, beforo dark. Our uaga had beau sent on iu the morning, luckily IV r us, for nuch a congregation of liuntorBiiever assomuled beforo r.tu roa 1 Nimrod down tothoiio of Captain Apperloy, or thu' tclf Btylcd Ghost. Tho only previous intiiintion that tho landlord, Mr. Wiggins (a ratl.or lickwickian nouionclv turo) had received, was an ordor to retain tho stahlo room for our horses, and tbo bctlrouimi f.r tho deviling itos, so that liowai put somowhat to a non-plus to pro vidobtiartl and lodging for tho unoxpotti.il influx. How ever, influenced by a duo admixture of ;;oudnaturo, and the knowledge of tho vnluo of Uniojuym uiiiiey, thin Australian nativo contrived to «;a!;o bjth bipeds aud quadrupeds completely comfortable, and each found his ' creaturo comforts of bub and grub ' uuiply cared for. 'Tin truo that uutan, bagatelle tnbies, and eolt phului had to do duty forbedstoada ; but Btillbodclotlica and pillowa wero forthcoming, and no ono rotired to rc«t without n hearty good supper. To rest, did wo say I to a resting place, wo meant ; for tho spirits of all woro oxuborant ot tho prospect 'of tho morrow's fun, tbnt mingled hunt ing songs and viow-halloos prevented all chances of sleep for moro than half-a-minutc at a timo. Long hoforo daylight, the Gcolongcso major was riggod in full hunt ing rogimontala, aud a smart application of his thong rousod tbo sluggards from thoir lair. By such caudlo light aa could bo obtained, each man donnod hiB boolB and unmentionables, and at pcop of sun nil woro assem bled round a^reakfast table, groaning with good faro. By aoven o'clock, all woro in their saddlos, and cantered oll'tosquiro Langdou's, whoro tho hounds, whippers-in, and hor.ica had boon hospitably entertained biuco tho previous cbnsc. A stirrup-cup, aa heartily given as wel comed, was onjoyod all round, when tho cheering horn of Mr. Watson summonod us to follow in wako of the morry pack. Away wo streamed, a goodly company of fifty lioreemon, over tlio beautiful Portnrlingtwi Downs, and mado for tbo soa-coaat scrub, whoro dingoa woro ro portod to bo as thick ns boon in a clovor field. What Buatches of song burst from tho oxcitod bosoms of those who had the ability of chanting ! and what n scream ing chorus was made by those who could shout, if not siuij, 'dooda!' (tho refrain of our impromptu mins trels), or ' yoicka I tallylio ! harkaway!' tho chorus of tho adopted club bravura I As tho opon bush was roached, tho kangaroo wcro seen bounding on all Bides ; but the master bad determined that Wurrigal should bo tlio nuarry of tho day, and tho hounds woro carefully rounded up IoBt thoy should steal awayou tho scent of gamo which wero unworthy of our intent. A longish jog brought us to tbo Bca boach, tracks of wild dog having boon viaiblo in ovory direction for four or fivo miles, though no trail was hit off. On reaching Swan Bay, most of the field boro to tho left, whilo tho hounds woro boing thrown into Iho toa-treo sorub, but a fow kopt to tho right of aBinall inlot. These lattor booh viowed threo dingoa, B'.nrting tbo ed'O of tho scrub, and immediately gavo tbo 'lallyho! ' Storns woro seen feathering amongst tho busbca — cbal lonccsworo quickly given aud answered — and, in 'n braco of ahakos,' tho pack dashed on to tho Bauds in full cry. Unfortunately, bowovor, just a? thoy omorgod from cover, a nearly full-grown dingo popped out boforo them, and thoy chopped him boforo ho had timo to dis cover ho had mistakon bin cauino acquaintances. 'J ho mass of horsemen wero uot only at » distance, but pro vontcd boing cloBcr by a fearful bog of truo Irish swal lowing ability, so that matters looked ticklish ; however, tho throo cayaliera to tbo right mado a bold dnah across tho aforesaid arm of tho soa, and attempted to got through tho moras3. In a vory fow yardB, thoy found themselves gradually settling down to somo unknown region benoath, and barely Bavcd themselves and prads by springing from thoir Baddies aud struggling out of tho moan by mingled jumping and swimming. Na'tho less, they managed to roach tho warrigal, and sccurod his brush and pads (.9 tho first 'trophies of tbo day. Scarcely was this achiovod, when Hannibal and Dulcet opened in tbo centre of tbo cover — tbo pack flew to thoir assistance— and by a unison of oflbrt drovo a fino black dog fairly out on tho further sido. 'Tallylio!' screamed tho master — 'hark tol halloo!' echoed Sammy — and away wo all daahod, through slush and buBh, to a neighbouring shelter, where tho varmint stolo a march on ub. With ponevoring tact tho master chocred on his favourites to track tho villain, and at length succeeded in making a fino yollow bitch break in full viow. At a slashing paco nbo waB drivon inland for about threo miles, when tho pack ecruffed her, and sho yiolded her worthless lifo to tbo thrilling ' Who oop I' of Mr. W. Every body was closo up, though two or throo put in claims as having boon actually first ; but tho brush was most properly given to Mr. Langdon, a thorough old sportsman, over whoso run wo had beon working. Determined to lose no timo, no eoonor was tho brute brokon up, than tho word was 'hark back' to tho beach, tho gamo boing too plentiful to allow tho uBual ' smoke ho 1' No soonor woro tho hounds taken through tho covor to tho furthor Point, when ' wild dog' was shouted by an attondant /oo(-man, who had remained landwards, and tho maBtor quickly galloped to tho call and laid tho dar lings on tlio line. In a trice they poured forth a chorus of melody, and lod us a circular danco of a short two miles back to tho tca-treo, which tho dingo reached first by a bare fifty yards. After a quartor of an hour's bad goring, the wretch was hallooed away to tho left, and a capital burst of about four miles enBued, though it ended again in tho bothering, boggy scrub. Inch by inch ho was driven on, through swamp and brako, to a jutting promontory, round which ho was viowed, with tho hounds cloao at his Btcru. So soft was the ground, that it was ncccsury to keep out at sea to follow round tho houd, on reaching which, Mr. Watson aud Mr. Walker darod all difficulties for flako of insur ing a kill. So treachoroiiB was tho covert, that boforo you could say 'Jack Robinson 1' tho master's horse disappeared, as he declares, all but tho tail, that portion of his body boing fortunately loft out of the quaginiro, ai a handle by which to drag him on somewhat sounder footing. Just at this moment a bittor cold lain com menced ; yet for alniOBt two hours did Mr. Watson, on foot, labour through tho heavy morass, in tbo hopos of securing unothor kill, and gainiug tho trophy, both ho aud hia hounds dosorved. Tbo chilling breeze, bowovcr, aud tho fatigue- consequent on tho great exortiona of tho spotted beauties, prevented tho varmints boing forced on tho open, and bo was reluct antly compolled to abandon the chaso.eroit would bo too lato to find tho way to our distant bouruo. Tho greater part of the field had already gono homowards, but a fow Btayod to tho last, though wet through, and nearly stiff with cold. No accidonts nor spilla occurred during tho day, for v.»uiu nuiu uu ivuucH i»u cross, auci uusii riuiug ail aro ac cuBtomed to. Whatever honours thero woro wcro equally aharod botweou tho Molbournitca and Gcclonge3o, aomo of tho lnrtor of whom woro very well mouutod ; and all concurred in regretting that there was no cross-country hammering. An old huntsman, lately arrivod from I'.ngland, and who is rcBiding with Mr. Langdon, much pleased tho Ghost, for his ' heart seemed inliia mouth' at a ronewal of the truo Britith sport. A long and wot rido brought us back to Bollorino, whoro wo found tho ncodod bodily refreshment for man and horuc. Our drag waB quickly in requisition, as well as tho uoat mail phaeton of Mr. Phillip's, and sundry othor vehicles, and boforo Boven o'clock all wero back in Gcolong with furious appotitos for tho dinner at tho Terminus Hotel, givon by tho Mclboumo Hunt Club to thoir Geclong friendn. Mr. noopor, ' tbo Australian Guntcr,' as tho 'Piacr indites, spread a aiimptnoua tablo and added another wreath to his laurels ai a princo of caterers. Tho Ghoit, who possesses a thorougly cor poreal appreciation of tho good things of thiB lifo, rogrots to learn that thiB gentleman is about leaving tho management of the abovo comfwlablo hojtulry, nud only hopes that his successor will entertain the Melbourne Hunt Club in tho samo fltylo at their next contemplated visit. Jovialty and good fooling presided at tho generous board, and tlio closo of Saturday night nlono omscd a break up of thoso who hopo booh to moot again for a ro nowal of friondly intercourse and manly sport. To tho Mossra. Loscollos, Bon. and juu., Mr. Langdon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Frasor, and ovorybody olso whoso socioty and attention woro.BO desirable, and whom to enumerate would fill half a column, tho club feel duly grateful, and hope to oxchango fiold courtesies with them a-ain and often. At the Molbourno meets tho fihout of ' Borak' would bo welcomed, the gentlo call of 'Over, Jessie,' bo responded to with willing assistance; and no 17 stono cross-country man would daro to challengo tho plucky Geelong heavy weight. « o had almost forgotten to mention that a groy horso, which had carried Mr. H. Dowing very well on tho firs day, and wa3 riddou by Mr. Glasscock at tho second tryst, dropped dead on tho road homo, and the bereaved sportsman was obliged to hump hh aaddlo homo, au Horace sayB, ' Nemo murtalium omnibus horses sapit 1' 