Ncto SoutJj Males UnteUtjjrncE. SYDNEY. S FROM the 'Empire,' 'Herald,' and other Sydney journals we compile as follows : On the 7th instant a torch-light meeting of 4000 to 5000 men was held in Wyn yard Square, when resolutions against the Land Bill were adopted. Selection and deferred payments on small purchases were the chief points advocated. |Aif amend ment that the Ministry o^ghtloibe thanked for the reduced upset price of 5s. was met by a storm of " Noes" which completely snuffed out its mover's enthusiasm. On the 8tb the nomination for the North Riding of Cumberland held, at Parra matta, Mr. Parkes and 'Air. T. W. Smith being the candidates. At the conclusion of the speeches the shov? of hands was in favour of Mr. Parkes. * His opponent de manded a poll. I On the same day Mr. Darvall was enter tained at a public breakfast, at Parramatta, and presented with a flattering address, prior to his departure from the colony. Alderman Williams has been elected Mayor of Sydney for the ensuing year, by 8 to 7 over Alderman Roberts. Among other cases in the Central Crimi nal Court, which began its sittings on the 7th, were the following:-James Thomp son, charged with having presented a forged order, at North Grafton, on Oct. 20th, was found guilty. The prisoner pleaded guilty to a second charge of uttering a forged order. For the two offences he was sen tenced to three years' hard labour on the roads.-Wm. Washington, a coloured sea men of tfee Moses ~S\rheeler, was found guilty of cutting and wounding the mate of that vessel, -and sentenced to seven years' hard labour (the first year in irons). On the 6th insta'nt, at Cackatoo Island, one private- soldier stabbed his comrade through the-hiart with his bayonet. The jury at the in John Cook, for the wilful murder of Samuel Bryant, and also censured the easy manner in which intoxicating drinks could be ob tained on the island. The parties apprehended on the charge of murdering Wm. ilussfell, at Waverley, had been acquitted by the coroner's jury, on the ground that no satisfactory evidence could be obtained touching their complicity. A man named John Dangar, aged about 40\. bad died from disease brought on by intemperate habits and exposure ; and Jas. Greenwood, from concussion of the brain through falling down stairs from a height of 10 feet. The number of deaths registered for Sydney in Nov. is 116', being 6'2 males and 54 females ; the births 181-105 males and 76 females. A violent thunderstorm visited Sydney on the 9th instant, attended with torrents of rain. The inhabitants of the Windsor district are strenuously exerting themselves in favour of obtaining a branch railway line from Parramatta to Windsor. They are said to number .9000, and have 14,000 acres of land under cultivation.-An in-! quest had been held on the body of Mr. Allcorn, who was found dead in a but near ! South Creek. It appears that deceased had cut his foot by treading on a glass bottle,! and soon becoming weak from great loss of blood had lain down in a hut close by, which he was unable to l|ave, and where he died within a few^hours after the acci dent occurred. Verdiptn-^cridental death.1 HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT. FROM the ' M. Mercury' and ' Northern Times' we condense the following items of intelligence: It is reported that Mr. Hely is about to leave the colony, and that Mr. Bourn Rus- ! sell has commenced a canvass for the united counties of Northumberland and Hunter. The Flood Relief Committee, at a meet ing on the 7th instant, presented their final report. From this it appears that the total sum received has been £2492 2s.; dis bursed, £2431 4s. 5d.; balance left, £60 17s. 7d. The committee stated they bad only reserved ^ufljcSdfot to allow £50 to the Widow Frankland ffnd', instead of £100, as originally intended-the claims for relief being urgent, and the total sum less than had been anticipated. The report was adopted, and the committee thanked for their kind labours. The Rev. Mr. Thacke ray, the secretary, declined to receive any gratuity whatever for his arduous exertions. A public meeting was held in the School of Arts, West Maitland, on the 4th inst., for the purpose of welcoming Mr. G. J). Lang, on his release from his sentence of punishment. Dr. Lang was present, and made a long sp^J8h" vfliich was listened to with applause bt sale 400 or 500 persons. At a meetiflgof $ie central committee of the Nichols' Testimonial fund, held on the 8th instant, the sum then collected was stated to be £490 5s. fid. The choice of the testimonial was referred to a further meeting, to be held on the 5th Jan., by which date the committee hoped that all the lists would be received. A child of 9, named Bridget M'Cauley, had died from injuries received through her clothes igniting whilst she was lighting a fire. A man at West Maitland, whilst labour ing under delirium tremens, had attempted to destroy himself by hanging. Fortunately his predicament v^as."Seen, and he was cut down in'<4uMjje.» r * The Morpetn petition praying for a dis solution of the 'Assembly, after receiving upwards of 300 signatures, had been for warded for presentation. A spirited match, for £100 a side, lately came off on the Nainoi, between Mr. A. Thomson's Sportsman and Mr. John Cribb's Old Sloucher, in which the former was an easy winner. .WESTERN DISTRICTS. FR0M,.4h^ 'Bathurst Free Press* and ' Mudgee "t Newspaper' tyie abridge as fol lows :- « Several severe cases of sun-stroke had occurred in the vicinity of Bathurst. The ' Free Press' lately congratulated its readers on the 19th Nov. having passed without the usual hail-storm which has marked its advent for some four years past, but \va$ subsequently informed that on the afternoon of thf.t day the Reedy Creek vicinity w^b fcwjept by a very heavy hail storm. f { - A few light thunderstorms had occurred, by which the crops were greatly benefited. Oats nearly six feet high was common at the Fish River, and 80 bushels to the acre is said to be a not uncommon yield in that l^The"'English poplar has been propagated in Bathurst, where it gives promise to at tain gigantic growth. A National School was lately opened at Carcoar, to the benefit of a host of juven iles. An accident had occurred at the sheep-washing place of Mr. Icely, by which a large iron reservoir of o()0 gallons capacity broke down out of its frame. Fortunately the washers had not begun, or loss of lite must have been the result, instead of a mere fright. As Mr. Chas. Lang, of Campbell s River was leading a horse, the animal stepped upon his foot, and completely severed the lar most painful, but Mr. Lang was doing well afterwards. The police of Bathurst seem to be par tially employed in exterminating the race of goats from the streets, where the latter have long been a nuisance. The news from the gold fields is not very remarkable-the chief instances of success being at Spring Gully, Burrendong, where nutlets had been found weighing respec tively 37, IT, and 10J- ozs.; whilst one party had taken out 44 ozs. during a week, and one man 100 ozs. in a few days. An inquest had been held at Mudgee, on the body of Mary Route, a voung woman who died from congestion ot the brain whilst on her way from Sydney to Mudgee, with her employer and his wife. Verdict accordingly, with censure on her employer for not providing proper attend ance. Deceased was said to have been obtained from the Magdalene institution, and appears to have left a child. j A proposal has been made at Mudgee to establish a mining company, with a capital of £1000 in £1 shares, to develope the gold fields in the vicinity of that township. SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. FROM the various journals published in the Southern Districts we glean as follows ILLAWARRA.-A severe storm, accom panied with hailstones about the size ot a had committed havoc amongst the crops °at Bulli.-News had been re ceived of 50 or 60 diggers having settled on the Mogo field, their average earnings being from £3 to £6 per week. These divings are said to be easy of access, be'in* only five miles from Batman's Bay, to which a steamer is shortly to run. Another " ghost-story" is current at UUa dulla, which is based upon hobgoblin sounds issuing from a swamp, whence they are said to be heard to a distance of three mj|es _A young man named Summers had received a sun-stroke at Ulladulla; and a Mr. W. Ritchie, whilst drafting cattle, had been gored and otherwise severely injured by a bull.-A. man named Lawler had died i at Jamheroo,from injuries sustained through falling off bis horse whilst intoxicated. BRAIDWOOD.-The accounts from the Araluen gold fields are good, about 500 diggers having sent on 1200 ozs. by last escort. A four-horse coach is being built in Sydney, to convey passengers to and from* Major's Creek and the Clyde River steamer.-A person named Robert Martin had been accidentally drowned whilst en deavouring to cross the river at Kiora, near Broulee. GOULBURN.-News had been brought in from Araluen, stating that 200 diggers in the Valley were averaging from £.> to per week. One party of four had got ol ozs. 11 dwts. in a week.-A Mr. Ricbter disappeared in a mysterious manner, some time back, whilst on his way home from Goulburn. It is supposed that he was murdered, and a man with whom he quar relled a short time before he was missed has been apprehended. Search iov the body has hitherto proved fruitless.--A snake of nine feet in length had been killed near Goulburn.-A youth of 10 had been bitten by a snake, at Cotta Walla, but as the injury was promptly dealt with he was recovering.-The committee appointed to destroy the forests of thistles and burrs in the town of Goulburn had commenced operations by employing eight men, who were doing good service in destroying these pests. The committee had asked for fur ther subscriptions, to complete the cure. yASS.-Highly favourable weather for farming had been the rule, and quotations for wheat had fallen to 4s. and 4s. Gd. The Yass River was teeming with cod- iisli -a party of four persons having caught 61 cod, weighing from 2 lbs. to 61bs., with lines, in the course of a few hours. GUNDAGAI.-James Furber, a respected settler, was returning home from Gundagai, with a loaded drav, when the team began to rush down a hill; he jumped off the pole to stop the bullocks, but tell under the wheel, and received injuries which resulted in his death within a few hours afterwards. -A lad named Chas. M'Cabe, who lately had his legs fearfully lacerated through bavin® them locked between the guard-iron of a dray and one of the wheels, was for tunately recovering. _ WAGGA WAGGA.-A meeting had been held to petition for a district coroner, at which a list of 20 sudden deaths on which no investigation bad been held was laid before those present. ALBCRY.-Subscriptions were being col lected for the erection of a monument, bearing a suitable inscription and sur rounded by an iron railing, to the merits of Mr Hume, the explorer. The cost had been estimated at £200, and the place where the tree once stood upon which Mr. H. carved his name was chosen for the site.-The electric telegraph wires oil the Victorian side had been brought to within 300 yards of Albury. A private subscrip tion, to realise the amount required for continuing the line into the town, was re commended ; the cost would be about £70. -A.n old man named Abraham had been gored in the face and body by a strange bullock on Mr. Calder's station, and lay in a dangerous state, two of his ribs being broken. The animal, which was a strag gler from a herd, had attacked two other parties. ADELONG.-About 20,000 tons of quartz are reported to have been disembowelled at Adelong, and crushing machines are loudly called for. The loose washing stuff was lately running out, but new reefs were being discovered.-Wm. Brown, who was crushed by a bank of earth falling on him whilst ground-sluicing at the Adelong, was doing well. MORETON BAY. FROM late Moreton Bay papers we extract a summary of the most interesting intelli gence. The rumour that four additional murders had been committed by the blacks, on Mr, King's station, Upper Dawson, bad been positively contradicted. In the neighbourhood of Brisbane the blacks were still troublesome. At Mount Sampson, about 25 miles from that town ship, six aborigines took advantage of the absence of the male servants from the homestead to help themselves to all the booty they could conveniently carry off. An outrage of a far worse description had been prevented by the courageous conduct of W. A. Brown, Esq., P.M., who, on re turning from Sandgate, found four powerful blackfellows, entirely naked, in the act of dragging a white woman towards their camp at the beach. These scoundrels, who were using the female in a most brutal manner, would not let her go until after Mr. Brown had presented his pistol at one of them, and called up his orderly trooper, whom he despatched for assistance. The savages then decamped. Subsequent en quiries proved that the unfortunate female was a Mrs. Wagner, a lunatic, who had escaped from her husband's care at the German station. She was placed in the hospital, with the view of being transferred to the Tarban Creek asylum. On the 24th ult., as a Mrs. Sloane was proceeding towards Ipswich, in a dray, she was thrown out and had her ankle com pletely shattered by the wheel passing over it. She was removed to a hut, where the limb was amputated below the knee. On the 3rd instant the patient was progressing favourably. | On the night of the 20th lilt. 270 sheep were killed by lightning, in one yard, at Goomburra bead-station, on the Downs. At an out-station, about seven miles off, 30 were destroyed by a similar cause making a total of 300 killed during the same storm. They were the property of P. Leslie, Esq., M.P. It had been re marked that while the table-land was visited with heavy thunderstorms, the eastern side of the main range was nearly free from these phenomena. It was stated in Brisbane that Capt. O'Connell had reported to the authorities the discovery of a tract of country rivalling in auriferous richness the celebrated fields of Ballarat and Mount Alexander. The new field is said to be some 30 miles from Mr. Elliott's station, in the Leichhardt district. Hain was much required at Maryborough, and bush fires were common, whilst the heat was excessive.-Mr. Walker, super intendent of a station about 20 miles from the township, had been speared by a black fellow. The wound was reported as dan gerous.-A valuable horse belonging to the j Commissioner had died from a snake-bite, whilst grazing in a paddock. 