POISONING BY MISTAKE. -A short time ago we had ?< oocasion to record tbo death of an elderly woman front the effects of a dose of paregoric elixir, or camphorated tincture of opium, which operated as a depressant, and so extinguished the already feeblo vital powers. A still, worse case of accidental poisoning is recorded in tha Carlisle papers. In this instance an old woman, named -. Sarah Moore, n widow nearly 00 years of age, was seized (last week) with a pain in her stomach, and'sont for - twopennywortb of the tincture of rhubarb, a well-known and efficacious anti-spasmbdic medicine. The proprietor of tho druggist's shop, Mr. Carlisle (of Lowther-street, Carlisle), was out'at tho time, and a junior assistant, named Thompson, served the raessonger of Mrs. Moore. This youth asked the ago of the patient, and on learnipg said that only half tho quantity was to be given at once. He then banded the medicine to the messenger. The latter went to deceased's houso, poured out half of tho liquid, mixed it in somo water and sugar, and gave it to deceased. Previous to doing so, however, both she and another woman tasted tho mixture, and, though they remarked that it tasted " very nasty," it did not occur to them that 'there could be any mistake. There was a mistake, nevertheless, for the patient soon exhibited all tba symptoms of narcotic poisoning, and in tho oourse of the same afternoon, in spite of the remedies applied, she yielded up tho ghost. Need it bo added that tba " tincture of rhubarb " turned out to ba the deadly tincture of opium or laudanum ? The dose was cer- tainly a Bm all one, and the medical witness at the coro- ner's inquest stated bis belief that if the same quantity of laudanum had been administered to an adult person in sound health, and the same antidotes, and restora- tives had been applied as had boen used in this case, the person would undoubtedly have recovered. He like- wise remarked that it was the only instanoe on rocordof death having been occasioned to an adult from so small a dose. Tho young man, Honry Thompson, endea- voured to make every reparation for what he bad done, and seemed to feel bitterly the serious responsi- bility he had involved himself in by his careless act. The precise quantity of laudanum administered does not appear on the record. Tho jury returned a verdiot that " The death of Sarah Mooro was tho result of accident caused by the neglect of Honry Thompson in carelessly dispensing medicine," and they strongly censured bia conduot; and, further, the jury were of opinion that tba present mode of dispensing medioino could not be toa severely condomned. The coroner remarked that tha verdiot was a very proper one, and bo thought that tba - young man who had been the oauBO ef this inquiry might consider himself very fortunate in having been so leniently dealt with.-Time», May ll. 