CONVENTION OF DELEGATES. SEVENTH DAY. SITTINGS IN COMMITTEE. The Executivo of the Convention met yesterday aB usual, at an early hour ; the President in tho chair. The attendance was numerous, and tho committee re mained in sitting until half past four o'clock, p.m. SESSIONAL SITTINGS. At five minutes past six o'clock the Convention again met in session; the President in tho chair. NEW DELEGATE. The President introduced Mr Hitchcock, who was lately a member of the Municipal Council of Castlo mainc, as an additional delegate from that district. DEPUTATION TO THE HON. TUB CHIEF SECRETARY. Mr WATTS, of Bacchus Marsh, brought up a pro- gress report of the committee appointed to consider what steps should be taken in consequence of the re- fusal of the Chief Secretary to withdraw tho Land Bill. He said he would now for the information of tho Con- vention state what had been done in the committee, but it was not intended as yet to raise a debate on the subject, as the report was not fully prepared. The committee had agreed. 1st. To appoint n numbor of its members to wait on Messrs O'Shanassy, Duffy, and Evans, as members oi the Opposition, to consult with them as to what would next be the most effectual step to take in order to stay tho progress of the Laud Bill now before tho Legisla ture. The deputation to consist of Messrs Watts, Thomson and Don. 2nd. It was decided to present a petition to the Legislative Assembly expressive of the opinion of the Convention on tho Land Bill, in ordnr that the Legisla tive Assembly should be made officially aware of the existence of the Couvontion: Mr RAMSAY, of Tarrengower, objected to the fur ther reading of this report, as it had not yet been sub mittedto a committee 'of the whole, and might possibly bo nt last rejected by the Convention. Aftor a short conversation amongst a few of the members, the Convention declined further to hear the report. OBDEB OP BUSINESS. Mr. HENRY JOHNSON, of Richmond, enquired if it was necessary that all business brought forward iu the evening should havo been first submittod to the forenoon committee. The PRESIDENT said such, a regulation had been adopted by the Convention in ordor to facilitate busi ness. The Convention could not bo compared to a legislative body, nor yet to a municipal body, which have lengthened sessions. If, therefore, Mr. Johnson I had a resolution to propose for tho purpose of reversing this order, he would havo to move tho suspension of standing orders. Mr. JOHNSON moved tho suspension of tho stand ing orders, for tho purpose of moving that subjects submitted to the foronoon committeo bo not reported to the Convention in session until tho following after noon, as this arrangement would enable all delegates to make themselves acquainted with tho whole of the business. Aftor a short discussion, tho suspension of the stand ing orders was refused. H.BPORT 0V THE COMMITTEE. The PRESIDENT brought up tho report of the committeo, which was ordered to bo considered seriatim. THE QUORUM OP THE HOUSE. Mr BATTEN moved, ' That in future the quorum of the House be thirty instead of thirty-six.' This had been agreed to in committee. Mr JAMES, of Blackwood, seconded. The motion was lost. iiuu.il. ur .niiiuiu. Mr O'CONNOR, upon suspension of tho standing orders, moved ' That the hour of meeting in session bo changed from five to six.' The motion was seconded by Mr BATTEN, and carried. THE LAND BILL. Tho PRESIDENT, in bringing forward the report of the committee on this subject, read, several docu ments that had been submitted, for the information of the committeo, amongst which were extracts from Gibbon Wakefield's work on Colonisation, and from Mr Westgarth's paper, read at the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce in January last, and also the following evidence of ono of thn rlnWafpo M Wingfieid (of Dunolly), which was taken in com mitteo : — Extract from Edward Gibbon Wakefield's ' Art of Colonisation,' — There is no business moro entirely a man's own business, than that of a settler picking now land for his own purpose : and the truism of our tiino, that in matters of private business the^parties interested aroiturc to judge bettor than anv Govern ment can juilffo for them, is an error, if the beat ot Govern ments could determine, as well as tho settler liimseir, t il j quality and positiun of land, the most suit.iblo to his objects, lie is deeply interested in making the best possible choice. He alono can know precisely what the objects are for which lie wants the land. The Government choosing for him, either a particular lot of land, or the district in which he should be allowed to choose for himself, would have no private interest in choosing well ; and the private Interest of the officials em ployed by the Government would bo to save themselves trouble by choosing carelessly. In most cases thev would be utterly ignorant of the purposes for which ncw'land was in demand. Their highest object as officials (except in those rare instances where love of duty is as strong a motive as self interest), would be to perforin their duty so as to avoid reproach; and this motive is notoriously weak in comparison with self-interest. 23ut indeed they could uot by any means avoid reproach. For supposing (though but for argument's sakcj that the surveyor-general of a colony, in marking out districts to be opened to purchasers, made an absolutely per fect selection with a view to the purchasers' interest, the intending purchasers wouid nut think bo. Everv man is fond of his own judgment, especially in matters which deeply c .n ccrn himself. If the Government said to intending purchasers. 'Tako your land hereabouts,' they would replv, 'No, we wish to take it thereabouts:' they would reproach the Sui-rcvor-General with hiving opened a bad dislrkt to sat tiers, and left a good one closed against them. Again, oven if thev were not dissatisfied at the moment of takinx their land, it is certain that if they failed as settlers, anil from whatever c rase, they would lay the bla-iiO of their failure upon the Govern ment, cunplaining that ir they h id been alio wed to take la id where they liked best, their undertaking would undoubted y have prosper. -d. For all these re isoih (aad more might be urged), 1 would if possible open the whole of the w.iste land of a color, y to intending purchasers ; and, I hereby declare, that as perfect a liberty of choice for settlers ns ilio nature of things in e:ich caso would alloiv, is an essential condition of the well-working ot' the sutllcient pric'. ? ? ? » »» , ?»»«, The Colonial Secretary, or tho Private Seoretary thinks th.-ij ' nturauoia me uuiunisis ougutio oe uiseouraged' from spreading to the east or west, because it will be more lor their advantage to spread northward orsouthward. Soindividual judgment is controlled, and colonisation forcibly diverted from its natural course, by a great ' reserve' in the 'improper ' direction. The officials of tho Land Office have friends, or, perhaps, secret partners, who would like to acquire this or that spot by purchase, but not at present: either their funds are not ready, or thcy_ would like to keep their money for use at colonial interest, till the spread of colonisation beyond tho coveted spot shall have given it a position value, when, by means of the rogueries of the nuctinn system, or some other mode of benefiting by official favor, they hope to got it for lest than its value ; so it is ' reserved ' for their cjnvcnicnce and profit. Aecon'.ing to the whole plan of colonisation which I am devel oping, there would iinl. ed be no liberty of appropriation for the dogs, small /or great ; but there would he absolute liberty for the cows, and because all the dogs would he iff .dually kept out of the manger. Extract from Mr Wcsfgarth's paper, read before tho Chamber of Commerce iu January last ; — What we require is a higher step in settlement, nnd a more productive use of the country. It is to these steps, nnd these higher uses, thnt the squatting must at once give way, and be dealt with in effect as if it had no existence. Our great error in the past has ariten from the great power of the squatting interest in practically defeating this view, and even raising up an argument to question the necessity for further laud sales. If every enterprise of socicty depended, as a preliminary on a I successful argument, with others than those interested ns to its prospects, our enterprises would, I fear, be verv few and far between. Allowing every man to make his own calculations «-r luiuAL-ii, iui. uuu .iiao mi » i. ireu Bcopu iu carry uui p tins. If a man finds a spot that will suit his views, and he desires to settle'upon nnd cultivate it, let him have the power to do so at onco, even although the squatter he is displacing, and tho whole world besides, arc entirely convinced that ho lias only ruin before him. And now, as to tho condition of our country for the purpose, let us first examine the state of tho surveys. The total quan tity of land yet sold ia 2,200,000 acris. The quantity open for selection is 140,000 acres ; besides which, there is'a smaller quantity, the most of which is partially, but not vet com pletely, surveyed. The whole surveyed portion, sold' nnd un sold, is less than two and n half millions of acres, of which, I beliove that not more than a quarter of a million of acrcs, probably or wholly surveyed, is in advanco of tho sales. Tho great desideratum of our colony, therefore — nn opi-n choice of its public lands— cannot be obtained with the surveyed terri tory, nor can we await the long future of such nn attainment. That some future inconvenience may result from the forma tion of permanent settlements in an unsurvcyed country, can not be doubted, but in some recent inquiries I have been agreeably surprised to learn how small is the practical diffi culty in this respect, a difficulty, if in this urgent case it can bo so callcd, that should not for a moment be weighed against tho benefit to which it is opposed. The following are the views I havo been ablo to arrivo at : — The colony is now sub-divided into surveyors' districts, each of which has a resident surveyor and staff. There arc ten or twelve of such sepnrato districts. ? ? ® » ? »??????« ? ? An intending settler having made his selection under tho approval of the surveyor might settle at once and have his bounds marked out in connoxion with local features, tho Government reserving only tho right to make roads if necessary through the'ground. Lands surveved and open for selection, are paid in full on application. Tliis is our present system, hut lands unsurvcyed might be paid for by deposit of one half, or 10s per acre, the remainder at a fixed rate, in tho case of 20s per acre being payable when the locality is brought to sale. In some such manner I think wo might arrive at tho great desideratum of opening up the oountry without tho loss of awaiting the surveys. Mr WINGFIELD, from Dunolly, gave tho Com [ mitteo tho following valuable information, which was elicited from him in tho form of questions put to him by tho Chairman and various -members of tho Com mittee, through him or by his permission : — Mr 'Wingfieid had been employed by tho Government of tho United States as a topographical engineer, attached to the Corps of Topographical Engineers of tho United States army. His position brought him into frequent employment ns a land surveyor in the western states, lias surveyed land for tho United States Government for the purpose of sale in tho terri tories, that is in tho newest countries of tho States. He has had professionally under his notice tho modo in wliioh pioneor settlers take up pre-emptive claims of land beyond tho survey boundaries, and m which the boundaries of these land claims wore afterwards adjusted to the lines or boundaries of tho surveys. Gonerally speaking, in taking up a land claim, tho settlerso endeavors to arrange his boundaries as that they may coincide ns nearly as possiblo with the subsequent linos of tho survey. He is not always ablo, however, to succeed in this ; tho greater or less accuracy with which he does it, will, of course, depend upon the distance which ho is in advance of the survey. If ho has gone far in advanco of tho survey, it is not possible for him to pay regard to tho future lines of tho survey j ho is, in faot, too far a-head of it to do so. No com plaints, however, have ever been known to ariso upon tho ground amongst tho settlers. If tho sottler is within flvo or six miles of tho survey, he may be ablo to form a tolerably cor rcct idea of tho future lines of the survey : nt all ovonts, accu rate enough for all general purposes, for settling tho boun daries of his 80 or 160 acre allotment. Iu forming the survey, the American surveyors adapt themselves to circumstances. In a level country, the lines of the survey are formed accord' ing to cardinal points. The originnl lino or base, in fact, is settled by magnetic observation, and all tho other In such a country the settler even at considerable distances from tlio survey, can anticipate by private survey, where tho b iundnries of his pre-emptive claim aro likely to run, with suffi cient nccuracy for all practical purposes. In regions that are greatly broken by mountain and valley, however, tho sur veys aro of necessity topographically adjusted to these difficult features of the country, and tho settler cannot anticipate what circumstances may guide the surveyors in laying down their line-'. Thus it often happens either from the great remoteness of a settlers location from nil surveys, or from the location being in a broken country where the future discretion of tho surveyor cannot be anticipated, that a settler chooses his pre emptive claim without being able to select it in reference to existing surveys. No difficulty, however, arises on this score. If tho settler enn by relation to neighboring surveys, approximate tho boundaries of his claim to the future survoy he does so. He builds his log house as near the supposed centre as possible. He eroets his permanent fences near the centre, and makes but a snako fence round tho exterior boundaries. This snake fenco is of purely a temporary character, and is easily removed in nccordaneo with tho lines of the survoy when ultimately determined. No difficulty ever arises in tho adjustment. In localities remote from tho survey, great aberrations from its future lines tako ploco— it is in fact im possible thnt it could bo otherwise, tho subsequent adjustment however givo rise to no complaints. Witness had seen in stances whero n wholo valley had been taken up by pioneer settlors, and whero the boundaries of each man's allotment had to bo removed from 100 to 200 yards each, no hail seen instances where the lines of a survoy ran through the temporary log cabin; never theless thero .ras no complaint -tho settlers had taken up their ground subject to the terms of its limits being adjusted to the subsequent snrvoy. The instanoes which I have in memory at tho present tune occurred in Pykc County, Mis souri State, but they occur everywhere. Tlicir permanent houses wero not put up by the settlors until tho surioys were completed and the boundaries settled, nnd tho removul of the temporary log cabin, or tho removal of tho temporary snnko feuce, was not regarded in any way as a hardship. It was taken as a matter of course. In fact, on these occasions of the romoval of boundaries or huts, tho piunccr settlers, instead of complaining, just turned to nnd helped to put one another right. In America thero is no prior interest established upon tho soil, liko that of tho squatters hero, to impede tho advance of the great tide of population. There wns something liko it in California, viz., tho largo possessions of tho old Spanish Itancheros, but in Western Amorica Proper thero was nothing of tho kind. Nothing is moro common throughout all tho western districts of the United States than to find pioneer settlers established in tho far interior for many years, on locations of their own selection before the survey of tlio district was made. He had known instances where theso pioneer settlers had crossed tho land, season after season, prior to the survey coming up with thom j and yet, when the survey did reach them, the boundaries of their allotments wero ad justed to the lines of the survey without contention or any serious inconvenience, though a patch of ground which had grown wheat for one settler for nmuy seasons was incorporated in the looation iof a neighboring settlor,— lie getting the land oil tho other side in lieu of it. Each of tho parties had taken up tho ground subject to tho condition of this subsequent removal of boundary and tho nature and character of their improvements wero adapted to it. Mr RILEY (of Collingwood) stated that from per sonal acquaintance with several States of America, ho could confirm tho truth of what Mr Wingfieid had stated in his evidence. Mr WINGFIELD said that after leaving the room when he had concluded his evidence, ho met a gentle man name Sobieski, a Polish nobleman, tho descend ant of a hundred monarchs, who had been fn Americn, cm jjiuj uit. iu mu ttitiiuuii ourvey ui me country, ana | who would bo happy to placo his evidence at the dis posal of tho committee, and he would confirm that already given. Mr Hayes and Mr Batten also gavo similar testi mony. The question was then submitted: ' Whether the right of free selection should be confined to surveyed lands, or whether it should be intermitted over the colony?' Mr SHULT.Z moved ' That in the opinion of this Convention tho right of free selection of a homestead by bona fide settlers should extend to all unalienated lands of the Crown, both surveyed and unsurveyed.' Mr GAINFORD, of Tarrengower, aoconded the mo tion to bring it into discussion. lux laxijaiiovH ouppunuu me motion or iUr Shultz, ao that would bo most likoly to conduce to tho welfare of tho oountry, and that a survey of tho lands ' was necessary before selection in order to preserve tho peace of society. Mr WINGFIELD, in a spocch of somo length, op posed the motion of Mr Shultz as ono that would aloua be suitable to the want3 of the country. IIo looked upon tho confinement of tho settlor to the surveyed lands as one calculated to retard the settlement of tho c mntry. He said ho did not rise to discuss the disposal of lands on the Murrumbidgee, or lands on the Darlin' but ho rose to speak of the disposal of the fine lands' contiguous to his own favorite river the Lodilon, -o tho fine Cainpaspe, to tho pleasant Gou'tburn, and to the other many floe rivers in this our fine colony of Vic toria. And, sir, ho contended that if wo break down the monopoly of the squatters, and then tet up a re striction as to tho land the people shall Ba'.ect, wo destroy one evil aud porpetuato another. Sir, ho con tended that the choice of land should be left to tho people's own good sense and experience ; and after hearing, as the Convention had, the manner in which people take up their pre-emptive rights in America, it appears almost an it suit to the people of tho colony to imagine that thero should bo moro scramble hero than there. And if this free unlimited selection would produce no sc/amble, why should thero be any restriction,? ^''HUd restriction over been lound to ,b'e . ? bdiieilcial anywhere, ho (Mr W.) hud no hesitation in saying that restriction had never been found to bo beneficial anywhere. Ileio in this colony even, we had a great variety of climate, and really a great variety of soH,'j»rd.he (Mr W.) did not look to the narrow limit of #, common agricultural English farm; his expcrii;ncp tjb'd extensive travel had taught him that with so groit^a .diversity of soil and climate almost every article af-^djiimerce, of luxury, or of necessity could bo produeed irC^islfiae colony of Vic toria. But we must look at th'erSjj^tibn in a broader view ; we must consider this m-ris8$?ij-irt'as ono which ultimately would have an interest inliie settlement of uie lnnuxueruuiu ueroa ui inis migllty continent of Australia. When he saw tho variety of climate, tho variety of soil, he really fc-lt sorry that any ono should at any time advocate any system which would place any restriction on the enterprise of the race which is evideutly designed not only to civiliso the whole world, but also to cultivate it. This continent, taken in tho aggregate, is capablo of producing everything that the real wants or tho luxuries of man may rcquiro ; and it remains with this Convea tion ivhcilirr the unrcstiictrd excrtinm of tlic colo'U*ts i shall be allowed to bring about a state of things which ' shall make a man fenl an interest in the country which lie has choscn (o he his home, or whether he shall still be a mere sojourner and n stranger, anxious to get Tnonej- and be away ; this now will be for the Conven tion to determine and remove all obstacles. Let those who can cultivate the land do so, where and how they wish, and le t those who wish to become cultivators be come so on the e asiest and most unrestricted terms im aginable. Mr MURPHY, in a few words, supported tho motion, for opening up the lands of the colony to free selection. Mr CATHIE, of Ballaarat, moved that the selection be confined to surveyed agricultural lands. He did so because he thought an opening of the lands to settle- ment, without survey, would lead to a rush all over the whole country, that would be detrimental to the colony and would be too sudden a removal of the present sys- tem. He would, as a transition system, have the lands surveyed in blocks of, say twenty miles square, con- taining farms of from eighty to three hundred and twenty acres, and then the lots should be balloted for at the survey office. This, he held, would be the safer for the country, and one that would be the most likely to ensure to the farmer a readier access to market. In answer to the argument that the Government would keep back the surveys, he would state that, in his opi-nion, any Government that would introduce such a land system as would be of real service to the country, would be only too anxious to keep the survey up to the settler. Sir JAMES considered that if a rush took place when the rvholc of the lands were open, thero would be a much greater rush if only twenty miles were open at once. The 5th condition recommended by the com mitteo, that lands which had acquired a spe;ial value should bo dealt with under special regulations, would prevent tho best plots being taken by a few individuals. He did not think that the population was large enough to cause a mischievous rush. He was in favor of free selection. Mr O'HEA mado a few remarks as to the land sys tem of America, in order to correct a mistake or two' of Mr Cathie's. Mr KENNEDY expressed the opinion of the Nine Mile Creek, that the principle of free selection should bo adopted, whether the land were surveyed or not. Mr O'CONNOR thought that a rush, such as that apprehended by his colleague would do no harm, unless it were a rush to tho Surveyor's office ruther than to the lands. He conceived that a right state of the law ?would prevent any confusion or danger on the lands, as it did in tho case of claims on the gold-fields. He did not anticipate that all would betake themselves to farm ing, but only the redundant population ; and the set tlement of the country by these would increase the value of other occupations. Ho thought that tho sys tem of survey would breed too much corruption among Rnrflrnmpnt nffipprs nnrl their friends. The svstem of registration aud survey even on tho gold-fields, led to great confusion and inconvenicnce. Ho therefore ?would have no restriction placed upon the right of selection. Mr GIBSON did not agree with the preceding speaker, who feared a rush. Ho considered that the opening of the lands would relieve the large towns of the superfluous population, and many who did not ?want farms for themselves were desirous of establishing the plan of free selection, in order that employment might bo found for those who could not now earn a livelihood. The great question, as he took it, was, ?were 'he laws of the country to be so framed that the people might find homes on the land, or were they n°Mr DODS considered that the people would proceed from tho existing centres of population, which wort well distributed through the whole colony, to take pos session of the land, and there would be no extraordin ary rush to any particular locality. He thought the surveyors should follow the people, and not precede them, and he further anticipated that the extension of farming operations would increase the value of all other occupations. Mr DON corrected a mistake of Mr Cathie's as to the men out of employ in Melbourne. They were not parties who wero afraid of trying their luck at the diggings, but on tho other hand, he knew that for tho most part they were men who had returned from the diggings, unable to obtain _ a living there. They had como to town in the nope of earning sufficient to start them miners. As to the apprehended scramble which, ac cording to the Argus, would lead to bloodshed, he re membered the scramble for gold, which was greater than any which was likely to take place for lands, and then no deeds of bloodshed resulted. But he did not fear a rush, as it would take some time to correct the wander ? ? ? ? ne nnnnln orwl fn rlisnnsfi them to agricultural occupations. Besides, farming -would re quire more capital to begin witlith.an digging required. He thought the good was rather prospective than im mediate, as he hardly thought that any very large pro portion of the 400,000 now in the country would be found to have £100 clear to begin with. He opposed the sys tem of previous survey, becauso lie 'was not sure that tho influence of the squatters would not, be exerted upon the surveyors in order to learn from them where the best lands lay; nor was he quite satisfied that, with all our popular Government, every official was perfectly incorruptible. He regarded the notion of n rush M a mere ghost raised to terrify, worthy of the Argus, but of no ono else. He regarded America in its pre sent and future greatness as an example of the operation of the principle for which he contended, and he doubted not that the same system would pro duce similar results iu this country. The men were the same in both cases, and let the same plan.pf open ing the lands be adopted, immigration and capital labor and mind would flow in here which would enable Victoria to surpass even America, for it had advan tages of climate, &c.;, which that, country bad not. As to the chance of roads crossing private property that ?would rather be a benefit than otherwise. Nor would it be long before all the parcels of land that might nt first be overlooked, would be taken up and occupied. Ho would therefore bo disposed to support the principle of free selection whether the survey had taken place or Mr GILLES thought that no valid objection could be urged against the application of the principle of free selection after survey, unless it could be shown that so large a demand would be created that no adequate sur vey could be effected. But he did not think this would be the case, and he deemed that indiscriminate selection ?would lead to the country being divided into most irre gular and eccentric allotments. Further, unless the lands were previously surveyed, aud the roads marked out, compensation must bo given to those, across whoso lands the roads afterwards were formed. He denounced the notion of corruption among surveyors as purely imaginative, nor would he prevent any capitalist who intended to bo a bona fide cultivator, from selecting the best plots of land he could find, and ho might do this as reasonably after survey as before. The man of capital would have tho same right as any others. He, therefore, did not think that the preceding survey would bo a disadvantage, or at all interfere with tho free selection of the land. Mr BATTEN contended for no restriction in the right of choice, as restrictive laws had invariably wrought prejudicially to tho advantage and stability of nations. , , , Mr SHERWXN was for unrestricted freedom of selection, whether the lands were surveyed or not. He did not apprehend a dangerous rush; nor did he thiuk that the surveyors or the officials in survey offices were incapable of availing themselves of the knowledge they possessed for the interest of themselves or their friends He deemed the passage of roads across the farms would be an advantage rather than the reverse. He considered that the surveying of 'blocks of twenty miles square, and the offering of such blocks would hardly meet the de mand which would be created ; nor did he think the surveyors in the colony could keep ahead of the claims of the people, even though he admitted the estimate of Mr Don that hardly 20,000 would bo found ready to enter upon the land. Mr HARRISON considered that the extent of land offering water trontage, avauaoie upon uiu liuuuuu unu. other rivers, would be sufficient to settle 100,000 families. Ho remarked upon the peculiar features of tliis country as being chequered with good lands and barren — with lands having water holes and tlioso unwatered, as offering an objection to the plan of systematic and progressive survey. But though tho good spots of land wero so inter spersed among large tracts of barren country, yet he contended that there was plenty to meet the wants of the peoplo for twenty years to come, and after that, it would be time enough to adopt artificial means for the supply of the lack of water upon the largo tracts of country. . . Mr YATES considered that tho survoy system would trammel the free selection, and he could not vote for it unless the people of Ballaarat instructed him to do so. He wonld not have the people dependent upon sur ye'yors or waiting to have the lands marked out for ILem before occupation. _ ... Mr CUTTER, from his observations in America, considered that the known lands immediately in tho ?vicinity of the settled districts, would not be exclusively sought by proposing settlers. Clubs wero formed at New York, to go out and explore for land at long dis tances beyond the settled parts of tho country, and jindcr a syateni of this kind ho conccivod that, the at opic could become practically their o wnsurveyors. Nor -did ie think that the creation of a vast number of small squatters, who would take small plots of land as sheep farmers with the intention of afterwards becoming cul tivators, any evil or inconvenience. _ Mr GAINFORD thought that agricultural districts would' gradually form around the mining centres, and the population would spread out through the country , and a* they settled, roads and to'?*Kfctljps ° formed and the surveys completed. IIo thought that many like himself engaged in quartz nUiutff? would adhere to that, but they wished also to have W® Unas opened for farming. He was in favor of freo selection ?without surveying. Mr MOON1SY, though previously disposed to advo cate the survey first, had heard arguments which j uged his opinion ; but while he allowed it best to disp ?nse with survey, he thought it might be incxpe dient just now to press that point. Mr LASK.EY (Carlsruhe) would vote for freo selec tienof surveyed or unsurveved land. Mr '?L*rKC,I£SON denied the analogy between i America and Urn colony. The Victorian lands wore limited, and ought, therefore, to be surveyed before I settled. Two hundred and fifty miles, or thereabouts, j from any central point would take them out of the I boundary of the colony, and only within that boundary I could tliej- deal with the lands. He considered that existing rights should be regarded, and that it would be necessary to havo the lands so surveyed, nnd proper plans prepared so as to prevent the occupation of lands already purchased and owned. He had, even under the present system, known instances in which men had squatted upon another perssn's land and been compelled to give up again, and he conceived that these instances would be greatly multiplied under tho system now proposed. He reminded the Convention that a much larger area of country had been surveyed and sold, than was generally supposed, as the map, which was dotted all over with townships, would show. He remarked also upon tho different positions of the farmers hero, to the farmer.* in America, where the markets wero much further off, and, therefore, he was less disposed to pro duce beyond his own immediate wants. He contended that a partial survey, showing the unsettled blocks, was necessary as a guide to those who wero designing to settle upon the lands. Mr HITCHCOCK was in favor of free selection and opposed to the auction system, as his constituents at Castlcmaino had instructed him. The Convention adjourned at ten minutes to eleven o'clock. Erratum. — By some oversight in our report of the Convention of Wednesday last, the name of Mr Ken worthy, of Kyueton, was omitted from the division list on tho subject of the right of free selection over the public lands for agricultural purposes and without auction. Mr Ken worthy voted with the majority. 