TOWN TAIJK. (Tim rsil:iy's Herald.) Wi: iiro no apologists for tfio present ministry. At tile same time we do not abate ouo jot of the distrust which wo felt with regsrd to the O'Sbannssy or ftQiiisiitjon, W|iy u ipere »§f(ion of tho SiVjl'i,il party (jlioy'il «l]«qrd all tho con fideiicft wh)cb ille believers in liberal mea-ures have to bestow, in a riddle whipli wp are UOnble to sqjve. The popular programme, although Including the principle of free uccesn to the ob tnl|iiiient of lund, is not confined to that alone, it comprehends, in addition, the complete representation of the people, tho unendowed church, and tho regulation, aparj. from scftnri^n in fluence, of general education, The question Cor those constituencies which will be called upon to pronounce upon the eligibility of the Government can didate* to determine, in whether they are disposed to be positive ndvociiteB of the principles which, in the first in stance, they were pledged to qupport, if not to initiute. Let the popular party be not deceived by false pretences. The O'Shauqasy aeptiqn were t<J a man, in different to State Aid to religion. The man-the exception-was little Wood, who, it is said-and the observation is made on good authority-scarcely made the subject a condition of his joining the defunct government. The people must insist unyn the speedy reform of the constitution, the (}Uroga tion of the 53rd clause, and a radical revision of the electoral system. If the present administration seek the confidence of the country, the iqetr^bers Will " go in " for uti ultra liberal land system, and the carrying out of the other principles to which we have re ferred. The Legislative Council is destined never to be done with tho;e interesting little episodes which are rendering it so dignified upjl instructive, lk!'q?e tl\e IVesideqt took his seat yesterday, Mr Ivaye, the disqualified mnmbfr tyr thp Eastern Proviuoo, entered ths hou»u and took possession of las former seat. I The attention of the Pteaidertt was in line course culled to the presence of a stranger within the sanctum, but the President refused to disturb the gentle man in his comfortable lounge. This led to a furious two hours discussion, which resulted in a resolution of the house, that the President should deal with the " stranger" according to the u«ngf»s of the Imperial Parliament, whereupon Mr Kayo was given over to the tender mercies of the Usher, and by hi in removed outside the bar. Peace being then proclaimed, some minor business was transac.ed, and the Council decided cm taking n month's holiday. In consequence of n requisition pre sented to Ilenry Miller, Ksq., M.L.C., Chairman of the Richmond Municipality a meeting was held last night, at the Assembly Hooms, Swan street, for the purpose of expressing confidence in the O'Shanassy Ministry. The chair was taken by Mr Miller, and the assemblage which numbered about 300, wat ml. dressed by Messrs Batton, Watt, Hill, .Fitsgerald, Cutter, and Dunn. Re:o-. lutions, lauding the lata Ministry to the skies, and condemning the conduct and tiictics of their opponents, were carried. Messrs Foster nnd Duffy were of course made much of, nnd the meeting, to cqusole them for the want of confidence mptiim arrived at by the Legislative Assembly, resolved that copies of all the resolutions passed during the evening should be forwarded to all who voted with the minority. It is only fair to add that neither of the Messrs Johnsons I ; Or Wilson, nor, indeed, uny of the nck j n-nvledged leaders of the liberal party in Richmond took part in the move ment, which was, indeed, confined to gentlemen at present unknown to fame. The statement in the Wge that ten thousand persons attended the political meeting held at Hallar.it appears to have been put forward without the slightest foundation in fact. The actual number pr sent could not have exceeded fifteen hundred, as the Theatre will not contain more. The proceedings appear to have been of the most riotous character, and the impolitic few who dissented from the resolutions that were moved were subjected to the roughest kind of treat ment. Of course, under such circum stances the opinion of the meeting, as manifested by the tenor of the resolu tions, couhl not fail of being unanimous. Of those present who might have been sceptical as to the logic of the argu ments used by the speakers, or the purity of their patriotism, they preferred keeping their ideas to themselves to running the risk of being converted by the application of the argument am ad hom'mum in the shape ftf a sprig of shil lelagh. The value of such demonstra tions hi expository of the state of public feeling is sadly deteriorated, when the sccnes are shifted, and the machinery by w hich the moving figures before the audience are worded, is disclosed. Ac cording to our Ballarat correspohdenf, it would seem that the agent of one of ou£ Melbourne contemporaries wan the originator of this spontaneous manifes tation of public indignation against the thirty lour who buried our contempo rary'a " very noble and approved good musters " from power. The latest gossip regarding the elec tions for the vacancies occurring through the members of the New Ad ministration taking office, is that every minister will be opposed when he ap peals to his constituents. For Mel bourne, in opposition to Messrs Moore and Michiu, Messrs T. Hue mid Grceves will be started, nnd did wo judge by reports abroad, we might assure the new Commissioner of Laud and Works that his chance of success is at least a very doubtful matter. Mr Ebden will be opposed by Mr 41'cy'l0 Sir Chaptipm. '^Iiq IprmcE gentlcnrmn had (so the story goes) given n pledge not to oppose Mr Ebdon, but in the event the Treasurer holding Mr Allcyne to his pledge, the supporters of the latter, who it is really believed, nre able to carry tiie election, will vote for Mr it< a|so tt| bp op posed for St. Ijilda; and we have heard u Qeelong name mentioned as likely to be put forwad in opposition to that of Mr Haines for (he Sjouth Grant representation. At rt lute hour on Tuesday night, the Melbourne dctcctives were astounded by a telegraphic mcsiagc fyoqi Cusle mainc announcing the perpetration of a bloody and brutsl mnrdtr between Jones» Creek and Inkermann. The victim of this atrocity was Mr William Henry, who was in partnership with Mr Williams, as storekeepers, at Jones's Creek. The murered man was also re ported to have been robbed of 300 ounces of amalgamated and 100 ounces of alluvial gold. Yesterday morning, in confirmation of the intelligence of the previous; (night, Messrs Solomon and. Levy, of Melbourne, received two letters from their brunch store at Mary borough communicating the assassina tion of Henry, and declaring that hi9 dead dody hiid been found in the bush, cut and stabbed in such a manner as to leave not the sli^heat doul]t tl^at tlje nn | fortunate man hud met with a most j violent death. Detective ltandall was immediately despatched to niake perfcain inquires of some (Viundo of Henry re siding at Collinywood, and spent Tues day niglit in endeavours to obtain some reliable information to guide the future conduct of the police ; and on yester day afternoon, aB he wai walking down Bourke street, whom should he nifft but the very man wht^p Ira^c end t>a4 created sq much excitement, and «et I half the police stations of the country in I motion, Randall, who hacl a personal knowledge of Henry, waa ^(iL;en rfil)(t.'r "bap't;, and bsluy iif'a niinprstitiQus turn of mind, imagined that the person before him wns not real flesh and blood. He had strong objections tq address himself to n ghost even in the heart of a large city in sunlight, but the more lie looked at Henry, the more firmly he bcoamp convinfeij that it was no mere shadow Mat strolleil o,n ltuurely before him. He further perceived that Heniy had undergone >t went tou»orial operation, Ibr his physiognomy presented unmis Hakeable evidence of a " clean ihave," and the respectable storekeeper was rinsed out in coinplcte (Jigger's dress. Kandall then pulled litni up and qucs< tioned him, and found that the man so brutally murdered a couplc of days be fore, was still alive, . sound and kic'ung. Henry accounted for his unexpected appearanccinMelbourne by n cock anil bull story about his having bean lost in the hush, and Ran dal) and he did not part company till he introduced-him to a certain mercantile firm in town with which Ilenry, as it now appears, had been doing a rather equivocal business, and he was forth with handed over to the police author ities on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, and is now in the watc'nhouse. Ha will figure at the Polico Court today, when it i9 expected further revelations will be made; and until then we suspend nil commcnt upon n transaction which requires ex planation from Henry and- tnose kind friends who were so prompt in circula tha rqtnor of h!s . murder, and finding his' mangled body, la the meantime we append the follbwing re port of Henry's murder from yesterday's Bsllaral Star '? DnaADFnt, Muubrb nkaii Dunoixv. -Mr Henry, n storekeeper at Jones's Cfeek, and formerly proprietor of the Bull and Mouth hotel, Dunolly^ was fotind brutally murdered in the bush off the road from Jones's Creek to D inolly 011 Monday last. The unfor tunate man, it appears, left hie store on Jones's Creek, on Sunday morning in his spring cart, having in his possession one hundred and thirty ounces of gold; not arriving- at his destination as ex prcted, search was made for him on the following day, when his horse and cart, and the fiat and coat worn by him were discovered upon the road between the localities in question, but without nny traces of violence indicating the fate of their owner. After twelve hours fur ther search the body of the murdered man was found in the bush at some distance from the spot, with a pistol shot wound through the head, and the gold and other valuables lie had ab.mt him gone ; affording unmistakeablc evidence that the work of death had been shortly and speedily accomplished by his assassins, of whom 110 clue has ytt been obtained. The entire district was in a state of great excitement, and mi active search is 011 foot to discover, if possible, the perpetrators of the foul deed. Tut; " DKMONSTIIATION " at Bat< LA&AT.; \- Adverting to a statement which appeared in a Melbourne paper, to the efTect that " ten thousand people were present" at Hiq rcccat meeting at I Bsilarai, the Star quietly observes that , fifteen hundred is the utmost that the theatre (the placc of meeting) will hold and that it was not at any time more than two-thirds full. The same journal writes " Unfortunately for this com m unity, we have amongst us many do signing and crafty men, whose trade it is to make use of the people under such circumstances for their own selfish ends, and not out or* any real regard for the useful results which may accrue (o the general body ; and to circumvent their craftiness becomes the duty of all The demonstration at the Victoria, meritori ous as it might have been had it been a spontaneous efTusion of public feeling or had it simply been confined to the expression of the opinions of tho par j tisans of tho late administration, was (altogether a failure, viewed in connec tion with tlioso who took part 111 it, or | in the useful results which might other wise have accrued to the ministers with whom it professed to sympathise, Coni I plaints innumerable, and expressions of, , deep disgust at the disgraceful nature of tho proceedings l^vo been rift- in the | community wherever nn opinion dare I 1 be expressed. And not without cause. 1 | Oct up by a few who sought to make use of a public meeting to feel if possible, their way of power ; n bold 1 stroke to redeem, in some sliK|,t degree, their fading fortune* t and, as the onlv I return {hey could make for favors re | peived or accepted, it was not at n]| : ikely that i,"y large scct'.bn of the I or 11 ivn p^p^on 0f I05C wiiOse opinions were valuable, would respond to tho call, seeing as they did through the trap laid for tl;um. That florae ready and convenient too!« to assist (lies* agitatorj should have been found amongit thane who look up to them for couiitenancc and support is no mutter for wonder, and that every available engine to secure success was put in motion there is ample evidence of'. Virtuous os was the indignation expressed by some of the speakers at the introduction of n bare allusion to greed or raco, it is now we 1 known that the bitterest religious and national animosities have been secretly instigated on the one hand and every advantage taken of the liberal sympathies of a large class of the com munity on the other, and at the riflM time were used, for the pufpoao of giving a tucce^ifn( colouring to the depjsjqn ()f thp Assembly. Execute op I-'lUNcw HjuNIOAN, Wjlmau BBOWN, anu P.iCHAnii Cuy cri"l,UIl!3 Buffered death on Wednesday morning, and died with the same firmness which has beep dis played by their wretched companions m the act of assassination. Previous to their execution, Brannigan confessed that he was the first man to attack the late Inspector-Ci«nor«l, whom he caught In hja «rnis and threw to die ground *n the rush. ^ He also stated that the convict Williams, who w«9 executed on Tuesday, was tho r«an who struck Mr Vnco on the head with the shovel, and that the priaonor Brown and some others of the condemned were innocent of uny direct uct of violence. While the process of pinioningvfaa going on, Brannigan recognised Mr Sub-Inspector Stoney, by whom, and by Inspector NicoUun, he had been apprehended in Bullarook Forest, near Ballarat, in April, \iija, oil the charge of highway ruhhery, in company with Daniel Dono vau, one of tiie. acquitted couvicts, Both men obtained at the time « sen tence of fifteen years on the loads, the first three in irons. Brannigan, on rccognisin^ Mr Stoncy. bowed to him anil wished him good morning. Xf^e fatal preparations being completed, the drop fell. Brannignn and liryunt up. penrcd to die instantly, but Brown, who w«9 ft young and s'igiit made mnn, suf. ered 1 onger. 