ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. SUNDAY TRADING. (lathe Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser ) Sir,—A few months ago, the Inspector of Nuisances summoned a number of the towns people, residing' chiefly in Bridge and High Streets, before Mr. M'Lachlan, for carrying on their usual business and railing on the Stbbath day. Many of them for so doing were fined in the penally of £5, the minimum penalty, if my memory fails not, which the act imposes for the ofTence. The result of it did nat enforce an inward observance of the Sabbath on the persons proceeded against, at any rate compelled that out ward observance which as a professedly Christian community we outrht to show. Shortly afterwards, one or two persons were arrested for furious riding and breaking in horses Jon the Sabbath, and I remember well our worthy Stipendiary Magis trate, after inflicting a very heavy penalty, de claring that while he had the honor to sit on the Bench he would use his authority to restrain such open violation o. the Sabbath day. I call your attention more particnlarly to these facts, because in our outlying districts, but chiefly at Epsom, a systematic desecration of the day of rest is carried on. Being outside the Municipal Boundary, the Inspector of Nuisances cannot interfere with the retail vendors, but if he cxercises a proper vigi lance he will discover that the wholesale vendors are residents within his boundary. Every Sabbath day the carts of bakers, butchers, lemonade and gingerbeer manufacturers, and occasionally wine and spirit merchants and brewers, are to be seen doing a busy trade, and yet the police on the spot are apparently asleep. No wonder Sunday riots are becoming common. But throwing on one side the morality of the thing, it is unfair towards those who respect the law and are paying heavy reuts and taxes, that, these parties should be allowed thus to transgress and go scot free. FAIR PLAY. (To the Editor of the Bendiyo Advertiser.} Sir,— Having observed an article in j'our Wed nesday's issue, oil " Immigrants on (lie Voyage," and imagining .tlmt a few facts that hav occurred (though some time lias elapsed since) would be of some use in calling the people's attention more forcibly to the subject, and have perhaps sum? tendency in putting down such an evil, 1 subjoin them. In. the years 1848, and the early part of 1849, there arrived in Adelaide rather an unusual number of passenger ships conveying free emigrants, as also those that paid their own passages ; and two out of every six had complaints to make against, the surgeons, as also the captain and first officer ; —among which I will enumerate the'j Brightman and Indian ; the captain, surgeon, anH first officer of die former were charged with drunkenness, brutal and immoral conduct—conduct that would nave called down in many a country Lynch-law ; and the surgeon of the. latter with madness, anil as soon as he came ashore he gave way to drunk enness, and was taken in charge, and the next morning was fined by the magistrates. The Editor of the Register, one of the duily papers, thought fit to make some comments upon his con* duet, when he addressed a letter, .'and after fur nishing the public with a splendid effusion of non sensp, finished by styling himself "God the Holy. Ghost the Seoond Jesi|s Christ." Now, can any one imagine for an instant, that that man (if there had been a Board of Examina tion, something similar to the Army and Medical Board) would have obtained the charge of 30!) souls? And now, for the last example "that I will for t]|P present trouble you with. Mr. Slater Norton, after conducting himself in a most de bauched manner during the voyage,— and hp even descended to the use of the hospital stores in the way of spirits, &c.;, finished by actually imbibing thp spirits of wine,—he arrived at the port, hired a horse anc} rode intp the hush, and when in a state of intoxication hp sqld the llQpip. When lie be came sober, he was returning to town to jjyike the best amends he could, when he was arrested for horse-stealing, tried before Judge Cooper, and sentenced to 14 years' transportation. Such was his brie? career in the short space of three months. And though these >yere cases that properly be longed to the public to interfere in,' anjl oiip in which redress was directly within the control of the authorities with ordinary passenger ships—I menu where the emigrants pay their own passage money. The Govepnrnejjt possessed, then, no control or right to meddle, and the consequence was that the conduct was brutal. I am sorry to trouble you with so long an ppjstle, and will but make one remark more—thai those that have relntjons at home that they expect at any time should come out, this subject qught to bear forcibly on their minds, that very tikejy they may be placed in similar positions unless the Go vernment is called upon to make some arrange ment to remedy this evil. I am, Sir, vours obcdientlv, JUSTITIA. Sandhurst, February 13,,1857, 