METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, 6th September. Recess in '57 has set in with extraordinary severity. Anything to talk about, except the one eternal Gangeatic thing is not to be thought of News is at famine price already ; but, still, as there are no new daily journals announced as forthcoming, and as the old ones are not advertising fresh extensions of their superficiality, the crisis in the destitution line, of which these types are always symbols, cannot have arrived. As soon as it shall there is no conjecturing what's to be done. When Lord John, in his Forget me Not virility days, babbled of' green fields in hexameters, concerning the last man in a town-" Remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow," the couplet jingling with something about Rotten-row-it took some time to get out of town, and to get into it too. But now the evaporation ensues at a given signal with a spectral celerity that would enchant the ghost of his lordship's early gnome-conjuring acquaintance, Monk Lewis. The Parliamentary curtain falls, and exit everybody in a twinkling On this occasion the disappearance has been more than usually sudden. The vicarage of the Treasury is as lonely as Tadmore, scarcely a Tadpole to be seen in it; and the pensive cock nev wayfarer in that region sighs for the epoch of Frederick Peel who was at all events worth an omnibus fall of Ramsden's, not only in his own esteem, which is a thing; of course, but in that of all who know the pair of bright particular Papers. Something more than an alliterative affinity prevails between Palmyra and Pall mall. The arid desert of clude, in the nabob neighbourhood of the Oriental, put in one's head - thoughts of that overland, route across which the new Carnot, as De Lacy Evans calls our war minister, won't transport Anglo redcoats to astonish Sepoy black skins, but sends them to quadruple the time by doubling the Cape, never more miscalled Good Hope than in this instance. Downs has disappeared, and isn't expected to turn up till the 29th of September quarter day. We hear of activity at the Horse Guards, but see none. The pair of sentries under the portals are as equally immovable as ever looking like sphinxes that is British sphinxes who work, (which Egyptian ditto don't,) and thereby puzzle ruminating nursery maids on perambulator thoughts intent., "The Girl I left behind me," shrieks from the ear-piercing and wry-necked life of recruiting officer, in Duck , Lane, Westminster ; but the " goose step" does not, in consequence, become as popular as marching colonels could desire, despite reduction of regimental standard to five feet five, which Bamum must think is a preliminary design of the Britishers for the in element of Tom Thumb, by way of completing the Crampton kidnapping process of infelicitous diplomatic memory. Round the Tower, appeals to " spirited young men," with red ink effigies of the same jumping over black nine-pounder, in the manner that Cardigan didn't at Balaklava, make all dead walls alive, within theMinory bills of mortality; but the animation is seemingly confined to the printers; and dashing white sergeants walk about the docks as disconsolate as Surrey Garden shareholders with Coppock's promises to pay in their pocket. By and by it may be better, and luckily very much better it is said to be in the country if it weren't Nana Sahib might shake his head at us with as much impunity as Yeh. But at present it is vain to hope for any sort of vivacity in this moribund metropolis, Basinghall-street of course excepted, where the authorities are fulminating fists as though the crack of doom were at hand, as certain no longer wise men of the East, Leadenhall street to wit, seem to think is really the case. Well may they so think. All their supposed to-be-long buried enemies are coming to life, and are hastening to the banquet, like ghouls, on the carcase of John Companee. From every part of the earth epistles pour in against the unhappy corporation; and the Ripon, which arrived yesterday, brings materials for pamphlets enough to compel Panizza to move for another new reading room at the British Museum. On every side accusers are cropping up. The logarithms of "Napier of the bones would be insufficient to compute the number of Napierean assailants hastening to substantiate the charges of the bearded vision that swept Scinde. One of the most ferocious of these, and to whom it is to be presumed Nana will send the grand cross of the Order of the Hyena, is Mr. Robert Davies Luard, who sprouts out from Brussels in thirty two leaves, each as alarming as one of the locusts lately found in London, presaging plague in the mind of superstitious cockneys. Luard, who was formerly a magistrate in Bombay, and is now sojourning in Belgium, seemingly cultivating bight-mares on indigestion, in the Penny realms of the phlegmatic Leopold, " dips his pencil in earthquakes and eclipse," and paints his former employers in the subject of Indian ink. He says that chaos is the only cure, and that until the Anglo-Indian cities are reduced to the condition of those on the Dead Sea, or like deserts, no improvement is to be hoped for. These are literally his words, and he fortifies them with illustrations drawn from his professions! experiences. Take a mild sample : " I found a boy named Ookajee Nanabhoy had been enticed into the house of a man named Monockjee, (then, and I fancy now a judicial officer of the Honor- able Company.) and there deliberately murdered, and boiled down for Mrs. Monockjee's special eating, she being under the impression that such fare would enable her to bear chil- di en." Pity that Soyer didn't extend his " Culinary Campaign" (the volume so called is to be out on Monday) from Stamboul to Surat, where this dish was served up. Boiled young Hindoo for ladies is an interesting situation, or who' wished to be so probably, would be a novel entrée in the most diversified care that even the ex-chief of the Reform Club kitchen could call to mind. Yet it isn't so much of an innovation either. Nothing new under the sun even here, where we are so very far from the acquaintance of the luminary, much less in Asia, where people are his next door neighbours. Have we not, long ago, before the invention of crinoline, been introduced by the poet Pope to a British female actually complimented on being " so very mild, that, to make a wash she'd scarcely stew a child." Mrs. Monockjee is clearly a relation of that lady, the family predilection being developed with a merely slight difference. As for Mr. Monockjee, it is to be lamented he was not in communication with Mrs. Burdell, of New York, who would have suggested that the most convenient mode for providing heirs for ladies who fruitlessly love their lords, is to have one brought home in a basket that is, provided the police are out of the way, which they were not in Mrs. B.'s case. But when that wouldn't matter in Mrs. M.'s ; nor didn't; for, according to Luard, the police knew all about it and the more they knew the more they didn't care. Child boiling, however, is an item hardly worth note in Luard's bill of indictment, which he mockingly calls " Reconstruction of our Indian Empire," declar- ing, all the while, that reconstruction is out of the question, because of what he pleasantly calls the " corruption, falsehood, murder, and tyranny, of which these pages contain an out- line too scanty to convey the faintest idea of the fearful reality." And with a final howl in the Habakkuk Mucklewrath strain, exit Luard, late judge and magistrate in the service of the Hon. East India Company, in the Presidency of Bombay. At Surat, first founded of all the Company's mercantile settlements, it appears there is kept up a large Hindoo hospital for the sick animals of all kinds that is to say all kinds known in Gentoo zoology ; but this clearly doesn't include distempered two legged dogs in-the-roanger; otherwise Robert Davies Luard would now be undergoing, at the benevolent institution aforesaid, a course of pumice-stone and scTubbing-bruxh that would have checked the eruption of bile and erysipelas acidity just indicated. A satirist of a different, but not less damag- ing stamp, is a son of the late Dr. Arnold. This gentleman, lieutenant in the 58th Bengal Native Infantry, some few years ago, wrote a novel, which made a great sensation in Anglo- Indian circles here, having reached a second edition, and was reprinted in America, called " Oakfield, or Fellowship in the East," descriptive of the; inner life of our Eastern society and a particularly repulsive panorama, it presents, for which purpose the recollection of it is now being recalled by the goodnatured friends of the directors. It gives one pretty much the same notion of the agreeable sof Calcutta, so, as those extraordinary letters in. the Nord, professing to come from the same places, but which some gentlemen very fat north among ourselves say are written much nearer home. Home or abroad, however, home they strike," though not a whit harder than Oak- field, nor on some points half so tender. For instance, our friend and countryman was all through the Sikh wars, and he tells tales of the British lion's encounters with the Lion of Lahore by no means unlike those of the Staff Officer in respect to Inkermann, so shocking to the amour propre of the gallant member for Westminster, but which, it appears, are now substantiated by-the best possible authority. Pennefather, the non-appointment of whom to high command in India at the present juncture is unaccount- able, save that being conspicuous at Meanee, he is therefore distasteful to" Do we, who would as soon swallow a porcupine as promote any one associated with Napier. Thus Arnold tells of that shocking generalship of the "Tipperary tactics," which all but led to our annihilation in the Punjaub, and therefore procured peerages for some people, just in the way other people experienced for similar services in the Crimea. He tells how the Sikh chief fired a salute of twenty-one guns for Am victory at Chillianwalla. One, of the characters says It is provoking that big people should be still allowed to go on telling lies to each other when every body knows they are lies. It never can be a wise policy to tell a lie sure to be found out. What can be the good of calling Chillianwalla a glorious victory, when every body in the country knows it was a defeat?" "No," replies another, we had rather the best of it. I grant you it would have been called a victory, just the same if it had been a defeat, as Ferozeshah was, where we were thoroughly and entirely beaten." Then follows details of the reason why of all this how the British encamped on ground right under the enemy's fire ; how a certain British regiment was brought to the charge from an unheard of distance, and then with unloaded pieces, Sec. Charming reminiscences, just now, particularly taken in connexion with this suggestive circumstance, namely, that the first thing which occurs to Arnold on landing in India is, how would the scene look supposing there were no English there at all He thinks it would look quite as well as it does, and as it probably did a couple of thousand years before a Smith, Brown, Jones or Robinson was invented, and as it probably will look a couple of thousand years after they have disappeared, precisely as Mr. Disraeli argues in respect to Damascus versus Birken- head. And where's the wonder, if what Arnold says be true :-" Why should it be a proverbial, and to so great an extent a true saying, that an Englishman leaves his morals at the Cape, and that English society in India should be so woefully behind all European society elsewhere ? " Arnold be it observed, is no croaker, and has no private grievance to avenge by wholesale vituperation, like Luard. He never forgets he is the son of his father, and that father, Arnold of Rugby ; him of the honest heart and the wise heads the fearless tongue and the benevolent feeling. Nor is the son the least of a pedant because the parent was a pedagogue. On the contrary, though a practical philosopher, or rather because he is so, he is a humourist and tellingly quizzes many a popular imposture, especially the Harry Lorrequer code of conducting the duties, showing that Lever's formula for fire-eaters is unerring in producing an explosion-of laughter. > Talking of codes, the Indian one of Lord Macaulay is in tremendous request ever since Bab was made a baron. The Parliamentary pri ter's, passage, in Turnstile, Lincoln's Inn Fields, has been blocked up this week, like Bish's lottery office in the lucky time, long, long ago, with enquiries for that hitherto neglected production, now sought for as though it would clear up the great Asian mystery of the greased cartridges. But the more it is wanted the more it can't be got. Hansard hasn't a copy. What has become of those he had nobody knows, for nobody ever made use of them, except the but remain privileged to purchase on the usual terms, 22d. per lb., £1 3s. 4d. per cwt, which is about one quarter- what the work cost the public per line. Talk of printing in letters of gold. Why, had this been printed in ruby and diamond, it | wouldn't come to half the cost of the authorship alone. Macaulay was several years at it at many thousands a year for himself; many hundreds each for four special assistants and countless supple- mental thousands for no end of incidentals, outfits and hopeful and all for a misfit for soon as ever was produced this prodigy of codi- fication, which was to have obliterated Jeremy Bentham, it was laid on the shelf, and forgotten , till now, twenty years after, when a coronet brings it for recollection, and turns the public head in the process. Supposing he of the Lay of Ancient Rome had declined the ' compliment at the hands of Civis Romanes ? What plaudits should we not have about the antique simplicity of the modern Tacitus ; what acclamations about the aristocracy of intellect, native nobility, and commonwealth of letters; what sarcasms on humbug of Herald's College, mummery of Mayfair, mediaeval monntebankery, Jenkins' pinchbeck, gilding refined gold, paint- ing the lily, and pouring essence of mignonette on the polyanthus ! But, behold, the sexagenarian Bachelor of the Albany enters the hereditary hierarchy of the Painted Chamber ; the glowing young panegyrist of the republic of Milton and crown-cracking Noll subsides into an elderly ermine a brother of the feudalesque guild; and, lo! the welkin resounds with en regium. Shall not Cromwell have a statue now 9 Surely, and Hudson too. | Gentlemen skilled in the art of peeping into a millstones, will have it that there is more in all this than meets the eye. They won't and don't believe that Macaulay cares twopence for the titular tinsel per ss for wRy should he any more than Robert Stephenson or Robert Peel, value any handle Norroy, king at arms, could i attach to his name, which name, moreover, is not transmissible ? Who and what, then, is it for? Wait till the patent of the peerage is gazetted, and then you'll be wiser. Meanwhile, it is no harm to recollect that there is in existence a boa-constrictor of red tape who would swallow the Red Book, and all its contents, which includes nearly every Treasury thing worth having, and then would wriggle for more. This is the conscientious gentleman who took a couple of thousand pounds for the trouble of taking his salary of the same amount during the auspicious time of the Irish famine, when he devised the ingenious scheme, at a million's cost to the country, of having holes dug and filled up again, by way of promoting productive employment, and, therefore, of course, was made a K CB Sir Charles Trevelyan, for he it is, has also been a great codified of Indian laws and has snub- bed and lectured and bullied and pooh-poohed everybody who told him that the very best thing he could do for India laws and the Indian Geo ple was to let them alone, "Truths wouldn't. . He never lets anybody or anything alone,' and keeps all Whitehall in a Maelstrom of muddle and froth and foam with his fussiness. This, he considers, entitles him to a peerage and perhaps it does, as peerages go. But as there is a difference of opinion about the point, he modestly waives his direct Claim, and is content that a lordship should fall into the family through his un wedded brother in-law, T. B. M., the Holland House Froissart of the hollandsj-quainng Dutch Cid. Sir Charles will be quite in his element in arranging about the fees for the ennobling of his relative and perhaps will set off his own services in looking over the account as a receipt in full for the charges. These are no trifle. From a return out to-day it appears it takes £165 to be made merely a Knight of the Bath, £22 of this being invested in the discovery of grand- father, that is for a genealogist to find or manufacture a pedigree. Rather odd, however, this exploration process has to be repeated if the Knight should become a Grand Cross and so again through all ranks and grades, up to K.G. It would be infra dig. if the grandfathers were not dug up at each turn, or, what comes to the same thing, if the gene- alogist wasn't permitted to rehearse the part of vampire. Exceptions there are, but most rare ; two only in the present list of forty. One is Earl Dundonald, who, by the way, should try his fire annihilator on Nena Sahib; we needn't be so squeamish about that ebony-vis aged vagabond as we are about our friend Pat let's friends of Hangs and Sinope. The Earl was appointed a Knight close on fifty years ago. In 1894 he was removed, because of the Cochrane hoax on the Stock Exchange and in '47 he was restored ; but the fees having been paid in the first instance, the officers didn't apply in the second. Forbearing cormorants The second was Admiral Sir C. Bullen, who died so poor that again the officials forebore to press for their perquisites, which they couldn't have obtained and there fore they take out the amount in puffing their own magnanimity abstemious vultures ! But they'll have their reward in pillaging the peers of the new creation. They must be whetting their beaks at the prospect of Lansdowne's dukedom, strawberry leaves being particularly piquant in their nostrils. Several years ago, when the Marquis was last supposed to be on the move upwards, it was suggested here that Kerry would most probably be his title, and the idea has been revived in the papers now. But matters have altered since. Then Ireland's one Grace was comparatively of no virtue ; now he is a trial of excellence, at least one of a family that is. Toeing father-in-law to the Duchess of Sutherland's daughter, he is cousin of some sort to half the cabinet, as also t> Carlisle, St. Vitus Viceroy of the sister kingdom. These won't submit to the division of the solitary singularity of the ducal head of the Des- monds and Geraldine and as the Lord of Broadlands doesn't care three straws about these hair-splittings of O'Briens and O'Flaherty's, he'll make the Druidical Petty Duke of Stonehenge, or other archaeological somewhere in Wilts, and so an end. More coronets are said to be on the Ministerial anvil, and the curiosity mongers are agog to learn for what particular polls, individual in the first instance, and electoral in the second. The death of the " dark imperious Earl," Fitzhardinge, whose race is all but run, in a twofold sense, will open up double Gloucester patronage in the realms of Berkleydora; and we shall have that picturesque Brace of the game laws, Grantley, in again, which will be pleasant, as Bright is pitted already in the Westminster ring. In time we shall have back all the old notabilities of St Stephens', that is, all who are alive, and are either ornamental or useful, and perhaps some who are neither, of which intole | rable neutrality a sample is at hand in the advertisement columns of to-day's dreary daily paper. I Plain Jock's particularly plain heir, W. F. Campbell, most verdant of youths, is again a field, in search of a seat for Greenwich this time, it has been anywhere else every other time. Can any one account, did any one ever try to account, if not, let the British Association set about endeavouring to account, for the phenomenon of astute lawyers being almost invariably, the progenitors of I stupid sons ? From Sir Thomas More whose wife prayed for a boy, " who continued a boy till the end of his life," as another Thomas Moore sings, down to Eldon, and not forgetting Erskine, the rule holds good in regard to Chan cellors ; while as to justices, we needn't go further than the present and past, for if we go to Ellenborough, it is on the exception probat etcetera principle. Perhaps it is fortunate for Brougham and Lyndhurst, seeing what they have seen in the primogeniture line among the forensic fraternity, that " no son of theirs succeeds If Old Harry had a young Nick, a preternatural imp we may be sure he would make of him, provided he were capable of being made anything and that is questionable. We have only to look at the fatherly faculty of the still shrewder Scotchman in question. Probably there is not a longer-headed, farther-seeing, and, what is often of much more consequence, a luckier man in her Majesty's dominions than the chief of the Queen's Bench. Most fortunate in his professional career, and in his matrimonial, which was a principal part of it ; rising on the ruins of every man he came in collision with displacing two of the most brilliant and conspicuous celebrities of his times Plunket and Denman being literally dragged off the Bench to make way for him extorting a peerage for his wife as the price of his silence at a season when it was convenient to whiggery he should hold his tongue and long securing a seat in the Cabinet without any political, official, or other claim whatever, and contrary to all precedent, for he had no public influence, Court favour, or family weight, and was an utter cypher in party reckonings ; doing all this without ever being more than a mediocrity, his history is altogether unique. He is now close on eighty ; some say a good deal more and his faculties are as sharp and active in their respectable way, as the oldest of us remember, for he never attracted much note out of his legal course, and not a great deal there. How a personage so penetrative as to the weaknesses of others-for that was the real land of his elevation-can blind himself to the nonsense of his son's senatorial ambition, is one of the most striking illustrations of the mote and the beam ever offered to human optics. It isn't that young Campbell is merely a many if that were all there would be considerable hope for him and at any rate he would'nt be singular. But he is a many and a bore and that's a hybrid which neither gods, men, nor newspaper columns can possibly tolerate. Every constituency that is open for a candidate the addresses in the silliest imaginable strain of solemn driver. He dates these addresses from Stratheden House, so called after his mamma, whose titles he inherits and doubt less they are revised by biscuit. tins supposition would be incredible were it not that when " he sat for Cambridge, a few years ago, and ' \ filled Sibthorp with envious. his rival massacre, ' h,-, preposterous performances, which threw the of House into hysterics, were beheld from under Cg°aÄeh7poTthe gy HÍCS 1 ^ 2 Achilles. Thus encouraged and encouraged since in all his epistolary cousin? The' ' sings with half the boroughs . side the Tweed, and probably some tevT' beyond, what wonder he now beseeches that r electoral hearts of "oak at Greenwich, soliciting as their most sweet voices to enable him to raise his harsh one, once more to make night hideous in Palace-yard ? His stock there is liberation, of the Jews ; but, with his usual felicity, he i i confronted by a Hebrew of the Hebrews, Sale- T mons, late Lord Mayor of London, who formerly a sat for the borough, and who, if he hadn't been overruled by Rothschildean influences, would 3 have continued to sit, and to vote too, as he 2, would have compelled the cutting of the r Caucasian knot in the only way it will ever be a divided. It would be just as easy for the camel in the proverb to pass though the eye of a. needle as for this Campbell to get in for Green- " 4 wich ; but, nevertheless, in he will try to get-on " paper ; once more will he crown himself with foolscap, pending inheritance of the maternal. coronet, with the Abinger arms- two angels vested liquers, in Scarlett ?] and the Abinger motto-suis state various, He rests on his own own strength; a most in opposite legend in W. F.'a case. Far better the father's * Audacetur et aperte, Impudence will pick a , Chubb's lock. 