LONDON STREET LIFE. ; A few days ago Mr. Henry Mayhew delivered a lecture ' in the Brighton Atbaeneum on ' The : Oddities of. Lor.don Street Life.' In the course of -the lecture he introduced his audience to the Punch and Judy man,- who, he said, was a dark, pleasant looking man of about 50,, who disclosed to him (Mr. Mayhew) a. few secrets of his. pro 'fession. He was formerly a gentleman's footman ;. but -he adopted the1 business for '' money gains.'- AVlien first he'took it lie cleared from £2 to £3 a ,week,. he;and his- ' pardner.' .-- He felt it some what derogatory, to come from-a. footman's place to such a career but still ' Punch and Judy was a trade,' lie said, which once took to cannot be got' rid of. If you-enter any other situation, the boys would see you and cry out, 'There's Punch be hind the counter serving out the customers.' (Laughter ). The performance had to be varied to suit two classes of persons — the comic and the sentimental. Tiie comic people liked him to kick up all the games he could ; but to the sentimental lie had to perform very steadily and leave out all the comic words and business. They would have no ghost, no coffin, and no devil, and that's what he called spoiling the performance altogether. As regarded the earnings, the showman said he could obtain -£5 for weeks running, and had taken as much as £2 10s. a day ; but now 5s. a day was the most that could be made, and that had to be. divided between the ' man in the frame,' and the 'drum and pipes.' Somelimes they had short and long ' pitches.' A 'short pitch' is where the show is set down, the drum and, pipe play up, , and. when tjiey - get 3d. they ' hock it , but: ' long pitches'1 consist ; of half-an-hour's ' per formance, the proceeds of which average Is. Punch's audiences were next scrutinised. t Boys were a 'great . nuisance. They - would follow the .show for miles, -would, get - into .-tho ;,best -places, .throw their caps into the frame, pick holes ' in the' ;b,aze to pee'p through, and ' cuss'em,' added 'the* man, ' ihey haven't a fard'n to bless themselves \vith.',;-i(Laughter.). ; r'Nurses / were no- good, 'for even ? if the . mothers . gave the- '- little dears'* a ?penny, .they would take the money away to buy ribbons. Soldiers again (.were.-; bad; for they not only had no money, but, what was worse, they had no. pockets.'^ A'street clown-_once 'told' him (Mr. Mayhew); that : when his- .wife was' confined' he jumped: ' Jim 'Crow'.' for. 12 hours, in the mud and wet. of , the, streets,. and-he- carriud;hometbat -night - to his almost istarvmg family: the sum; of:15d. as the result 'of his ? day's exertions.1' Th'e'rej' wa's'a poor, old .blind -hurdy-gurdy ^ woman, he, once .knew. :She. had leamt-to. play on the /hurdy- gurdy for- , a living;, -- She called it a cymbal; ithe .hurdy-gurdy was not its-real name. 'The cymbal,' she? said '' is not hard to play,; sir, for King iDavid' played on. one of those .instruments. I first learned to .play God, save the Xing, the Queen that now is, sir.'; When Mr. Albert Smith was preparing his Mont Blanc,;; lie . asked - him (Mr. Mayhew) to recommend 'him a , hurdy-gurdy player, and lie mentioned this one, whose name was ' Old Sairey.' Being-blind, she did not see what her pupil wanted to learn for ; but she imagined that it was for getting a living in the'streels. Accordingly; she told him .' to keejn the leather well down over, the cymbal, as the ha'pence were very liable to fall into the works.' (Much laughter.) ' r Some peculiarities of the street blind were next pointed out. There are at least 100 , blind men and women getting their living in London, amf 500 more in tho provinces. The blind people like music, and as they can get their living in no other way, they seek it by music. They preferred being blind, and when it was possible to restore one man to sight he said to the surgeon, ' Would you ruin me ?' The blind men always married blind women, saying they did not like 'seeing women.' They argued that if ' seeing men' had a hard matter to look after ' seeing women,'.' what would a blind man do? (Roars of laughter.) They were vei-y happy and comfortable at home. The wives love their husbands, and both love their children, for they said ' our children lead us about, and our affliction makes them love us more.' (Cheers.) 