PUBLIC MEETING AT THE ALBERT THEATRE OF THE FRIENDS AND SUPPORTERS OF MR. BOYS. A Publlo Meeting- of tho friends and sup porters of Mr. Boys was held at tho Albert Theatre last evening;' Thoro were pvosont betwoen four aud five hundred persons ; lest, howover, theso numbers should have boon wrongly estimated, it may bo 6tatod that the building was orowdod to its utmost.' On the platform wo obsorvod amongst others the .following gentlomon: — Messrs. Kissook, Gillos, Degraves, Ivoy, O.- J. Whyto, Oolvin, J. Wilson, Yates, Maxwell Millor, and tho oandidate, Mr. Boys. .. The appearance of Mr. Boys whs tho signal for loud und prolonged ohooring, which only subsided to bo renewed with the utmost vigour and ozoiteme'nt when Mr. Miller was disco vered to bo amongst 'the throng wbioli sur rounded the candidate. On the raotiou of Mr. Kissook, Mr. James Wilson was oalled upon to preside. v The Chairman ontered upon the business "of the meeting by stating that a vaoancy lind ocourrod iu tho Representation of Hobart Town for ths Houso of Assembly, consequent upon the acceptance of office by Mr. Francis Smith. Tlioy had therefore mot that ovoning to signify plainly thoir determination not to re- elect that gentleman, or rather to support Mr. Boys, who bad come for ward to seek thoir suffrages' (hear, boar.) They had heard muoli of his political views, but Mr. Boys had met them that evening to explain his policy still further. It was not on 'personal but political grounds ho. imd come forward. There could he no doubt that a gross violation of the Constitution bad been com mitted, and this was to ho rectified by the people (hear, hear.) There might bo many present who thought well of Mr. Smith, hut' that was not the question. Was he to be any longer their representative ? Ho (the Chair man) conceived that the ballot-box would tell. He hoped that no personalities would be in dulged in that ovening, for it was not right to attack a man except on political grounds. He would not detain tlioir attention but introduce to their notice Mr. William Boys. Mi'. Boys onino forward amid thunders of applause, wlu'oh wore oontinued for some mi nutes. He said lie had much pleasure in coming forward and meeting those assembled that evening. As a candidate for the vacancy , in the Representation of Hobart Town lie deemed it riglit to oxplain his reasons for seeking their suffrages. Scarcely six months had expired sinee Responsible Government had first commenced in Tasmania. ' Two of tftFgontlemen who were returned for Hobart Town took office in the first ministry. On their ie-eleotion by their constituents they had promised to give their support in tho House to Constitutional Govornirie'nt. Had tlioy done so? (No, no.) The very first obnoxious measure which they brought forward and propounded was the famous " Ordor in OounoiJ," whioh strove to fetter the votes of independent mem bers. One gentleman who was not of the ministry then, felt highly annoyed at suoh a measure, and in order therefore to abate his feeling of animosity, the ministry liaJ Taken him in as part of their administration. (Dori- sive cheers.) The next thing was the financial measure.. . No doubt the country was in diffi culties when theso gentlemen took office", but they bad lind ample time to mature such scliomos as would liavo, reduced the expendi ture within the limit of the revenuo. (Oheors.)' This, they did -not attempt, but, on the con trary,' in order to meet an extravagant expenditure proposed to tax the people. (Oheeis - and .cries . "It wouldn't do.")'- Had' tlioy, after strenuous efforts to effect re trenchment, still found tho revenue , insuffi cient, and thon have brought forward proper measures and methods of taxation, hefolt sura they would have met with oordial support from all sides. They should have taxed tho landed proprietors and moneyed men, (hoar, hoar ) But that they discovered would not do. There were in the House too many of that class of men ; what thdn did they do? They taxed the tea and sugar. (Laughter; and cries "of " yes, - tea aud sugar Tommy.") A meeting' howover was called out of doors. Such was tho deter mination there exhibited, that the Ministry deemed it prudeut to rosoind a portion of their Finanoial , sohomo. This howover, -was not suffioiont, and eventually, by "hook or by crook" they wont out. . Next came the "Greg- son Cabinet; (immense applause.) Mr. Greg- son said tbat ho was prepared to reduce the expenditure within thp income, but directly ho talked of selling the lands in order to pay oil' the debts of. tho. colony, an uproar was raised, and the Opposition said " We won't have you." (cries of " but we will," and cheers ) Well, thoy turned out the Gregson ministry, and what followed ? The Weston administra tion. (Oh ! ' Oh ! and groans;) Mr.' Smith was in it, for tho fact was, that ho wanted tho >£900 ayenr, and had accordingly ngain come .before the people. If, said Mr. Boys, they decided upon electing him, be should on all loeeasions oppose 'every measure of taxation iuntil it was clearly shown that the country .required it; If, after every effort to reduce 'theexpenditure.vit was still found that -the revenue was deficient, then the taxes must bo laid on the landed interest and moneyed men (Great oheeriug.) , And on no other plan would lie. consent to taxation. (Hear, hear.) The next measure ho should speak of w'as'the laws relating to licensed victuallers. .He held it to be wrong to force tho closing of publio bouses throughout the whole of Sun- day. 'Tho doore eliould be shut only during Divine Service. (Cries of " Quite right.") Though, of oouiso, every respectable piiblicun would require to bo careful that nothing was dono to disgrace tho Sabbath-clay. In Eng land, be had seen publio houses open on Sun day, and never observed any occasion given for interference of nny kind. As to the amount also of tho licenses, he would remark that ho considered -it too high. When, 20 years ago, he first came to tho colony,' £26 was all that Government demanded for - publicans' licenses, and that sum he thought enough. (Cries — " So it is.") Tho next was the Masters and Sorvants Act. That Act he beliovcd was driving away many good men from our shores. (Cheers.) Mr. Smith was ono of those who had propounded, and, if'they (tho oleotors) returned him again, he would assist to continuo it. (Crios of " Wo won't be deceived twice.") Ho next camo to the sale of tho lands. It was a most important question, and ono which lie felt sure would meet with hostility in the Assembly, for there wore many members thore who ontertained tho idea that they had a right to the land. They had held it for so many years that tlioy considered it theirs. Directly, therefore, Mr. Gregson had talked of soiling tho lands, they turned, linn out. Ho (Mr. Bovs) was of opinion that all lands which would sell for above 20s. per acre should ho sold at once. (Immense cheering.) if| howovor, ho went into 1 ariinmcut, thoro were many weighty matters which would be brought under con sideration. They should all receive the most careful study, and bo dismissed, on his part, witlitho best ability he possosscd. (Cheers.) There was another subjeot ho would mention, which was theAct that prohibited persons who had been' prisoners to visit Viotoria. He bo- liovcd that if a strong petition were adopted by Parliament and presented to Her Majesty, tho obnoxious law would ho ropoalcd ill his opinion, publio fooling on tho subjoot lind greatly suhsidod in Victoria, (crios of " Weston won't do it") and no diffioulty noed bo oxpeotod in that quartor. As long us that law remuinod many porsons,. resident in Vio toria, wore dotorred from visiting Tasmania, becauso tlioy foarod tlioy would ho unablo to return to Viotoria, if tlioy once left it. Having oorae forward as a oandidate, it might bo ns woll to say that he had done so at the earnost request of a groat number of influential oiti— zous. Excopting within tho last six or seven months lie liaa nevor mixed in politics. Tho first oconsion upon whiqh lie ever spoko in publio was at tho . meeting which was held, condemnatory of the Now Tariff. He did not therefore protend to be an orator, but, if they ohose him as thoir repre sentative ho should do his duty honestly. (Great cheering.) So faithfully would lie guard the trust committed to him, that if a dissolution took place, not one elector in Ho bart Town should bo ablo to charge him with one dishonest act. (Vooiferous oheers.) Ho did uot aspire to office. He oould not aocopt it under any oircumstances, and if the post of Colonial Secretary was ofl'ored to him, und no other man was to be found able to take it, all he should recommend would be a dissolution. Mr. Boys eonoluded by saying that ho would be happy to answer questions that any electors might wish to put. (Crios of "We know you too well, . Mr. Boys, to put any questions., to you.") The Chairman then said that if any elector desired to ask Mr. Boys auy question that was the time for him to do so. An Elector: I'JsMv Boys sorry for the imbecility of tho Weston Administration ?" (Laughter.) Rlr. , .Boys replied tlmt ho was sincerely sorry. . : , . Mr. O; J. Wliyte then oame forward and proposed tho following '.resolution— V " That this meeting ihaving heard- Mr! Boys' political prinoiples; are of opinion that be is a fit: and proper person to 'represent . this City in. tho House of Assembly." He said he'.was no speaker, but- after the very full explanation ' afforded by Mr. Boys, it was quite unnecessary to say a word. ; . . ' ' Mr. .Gilles seconded, and observed that he" believed they were all unaniihous'iri'tlieirde- termination. to support Mr. Boys; Did they wish to be represented by an honest, indepen dent man? (Cries of "yes, yes.") Did they wish to be represented, by a man of liberal views. (" Yes, yes.") .'Echo, said Mr. Gilles, answers Yes! on .both occasions. He. had only heard one objection raised against Mr. Boys, whioh was, that, lie was not so olovor as his opponent, Mr. Smith. That might perhaps he so. ' Mr. Boys might uot be as well educated a man as Mr. Smith, but bo (Mr. Gilles) contended that it would bo found that he possessed a greater abundance of com mon sense. No doubt Mr. Smith was an able man, but that was not all whioh they required — they required t mail of sound practioal ',8on3o,.and hohqsty of purpose. In these re quisites Mi'. Boys would be found Mr. Smith's superior. That ..gentleman had beon many years in the colony, nndif they had uot before known him, they. must , now, for; beyond the question of a doubt, lio would ho returned by an overwhelming majority. (Immense cheer ing.) lie would, iri conclusion, only- remind thorn thiit'tlie, nomination day was oh Friday. Let them : all meet at the Dorwent Hotel on that, dayj ."in order to, escort. Mr. Boys to tlio hustings, - Lot' there bu a long procession— (ories of- " A .tail.'? Mr. Miller's tail." Great', oheers and laughter)— so that there might be ho mistuko about their, intentions; On Tuesday next was the polling .day;.; He- hoped tlioy would be early at tlio booths so as to get a goodstavt, fpr then, to use a sporting ilirase, lie was; sure tlioy would never, bo. col-, ared. (Great cheers ) ' ( " Mr. Lemon' then 'eame forward and said that lie was at a .lhoeting of . Mr. Smith's on the previous evening, and was muclfstruok with a remark lie had heard there.: Mr; Smith was askod wbethor he. was in league with Mr. Chamj), and ho said "No."' Ho' was thon asked if he was in league with. Mr. Innes and 'Mr. Weston.' ;He replied , ,'vYcs.": Well, the contended ,that:'d man that;was -in league with anybody " at all, was ' hot fit to sit in that House. (Hear, bear.) W.ho was the author of the Master and Servant's Act? ' .Why, Mr. Sinith.':'Wlib was' tlie autboKof the Conviot's Prevention Act? .. Wliyj Mr. Weston. '(Hoots and deiisiyo shoots.). Would they, support such men ? ' If' they would, they, had a right to . be saddled .with -suoli Acts as long as they iiVed.'" (Cheers.) ' Mr. Smith,- had also .said that he would not belong to the Govo'rninent unless called by'" the pooplo.' Ho (Mr.'Lomon) contended that Mr. Smith had been robbing the' bonus. He had clutched tho bonus. In fact he had pnt both bands into thoir pockets at once. (Immense cheering and laughter.) Mr. Yates then'chme forward, and said, that lie knew not how many then assembled were present in tho gallery of tho House of Assombly when tlie utterance of his sentiments by a cer tain lion, member of the House was the signal for cheers from the persons in the gallery. It was then that ho recoived the first intimation of the charnoter of the opposition that was ofl'ered to the lute ministry. Ho believed that it was the strong characteristic of Eng lishmen to give fair play to opponents, and that lio' contended tlie late Ministry had not had. Howovor much lie might regret that such a scone had ocourred, he nevertheless thought it quite natural. Tlio gentleman that had brought down that expression from the gallery, was ono .who was always listened to with attention, because lio was no partv man. When lie ontered the Houso noither paity could predicate with certainty on which side he would voto. It was becauso that lion, gen tleman had, in terms of natural indignation, denounced the tone of the Opposition whioh was offored to tho administration of whioh he formed a part, that those oheors arose in tho gallery. It was not for him to enlarge very fully upon the policy propouuded by Mr. Boys. Suoh a course would perhaps bo indecent. As an elector, however, lie was justified in making some low remarks. Thoy had hoard Mr. Boys and would judge for themsolves. Having for 18 months past watched the line of tho opposition, ho could pronounce it nothing hut factious and calculated to injure tlio best in terests of Tasmania. It was spoil as could not be tolerated by Englishmen. (Chcors.) Tlio measures which had been propounded by the late ministry had been burked, lie would not sny much on that subject, hut thought ho had a right to affirm tlmt tlioso measures tonded to the welfare of Tasmania. (Hoar, hear.) Tho opposition they were then offering might be retorted upon them. It might bo said that they wore countenancing that which previ ously they had condemned. But the fact wbb,- that mon wore foundin poworwho had beon un able to carry out the views tlioy proposed. Thoy were lilto tho dog in tho manger. Ho was present in the Houso of Assembly when an hon. membor who stood third on tlio poll at tlie Hobart Town election, declared that lio knew nothing of departments. How long had that gentleman beon in power ? It was his duty to make himself aoquainted with depart ments. -Why should ho- and his' colleagues liayo dologatcd to a commission, consisting oliioily of members from the northern side of tho island, tlio task of on- quiring into dopni'tmonts. Mr. Ohamp and Mr. Smith had led a long life of officialism. Why wore thoy not therefore pro- pared with a Budget ? Instead of it thoy came down supported by tlio 19, as Mr. Grogson called them. (A voice " 92.") Yes, 02 too ! Thoy oamo down in a tiino of great commer cial depression, and laid Estimates on tho table whieh oniy'oontinuod tlio system. Suoh Estimatos were very well iu thoso days whon the news of tho discovery of gold in Victoria first roaohed Tasmania, But when prosperity had deserted our shoroB, suoh a system was like robbing Peter to pay Paul. An additional tax was to be placed on rum, rice, tea, and sugar. And then there oamo a sort of thin plaster. Tho debentures. A gentle man interested in tho maintenance of tho roads of the colouy, had como down to tho Houso, and asked why tho voto in aid to roads was struck off. . Oh ! said Mr. Chapman, " Wo couldn't stand it." Subsequently this voto was put on again. But how was it proposed to meet it. Why, by fresh dohonturos. (Oh, oil.) From first to last, with a large majority at thoir back, thoy persisted in thoir mea sures. Then Mr. Grogson, who thought that when the lower salaries were being reduced, there sliouM be some expression of sentiment relative to the higher salaries, intro- duood a motion declaring that certain salnrics were too high, only asking that the motion should bo placed on record. Tlioy would not liavo it. In a thin house, consisting only of 23 members, they were beaten by a majority of 1 or 2. Thoy accordingly resigned, hut only that thoy might damage their opponents. Tlioy went out, aud were Bucceded by better men. (Cries of "Yes.") Mr. Gregson dis tinctly said that ho had advised a dissolution, bocause he did not eoncoive the House pro- porly represented the country and puulio opinion. When tho previous ministry went out they know their numerical strength, and tlie tactics thoy pursued in opposition was to sneor at and derida their successors, and to hold up tlio " Minute" of Mr. Gregson to ridioule. These ribald sneers and derisions had not deceived tlie people. He would only allude to Mr. Smith, beoause that gontleman had boon induced to come forward in Mr. Woston's ministry. What, had Mr. Weston done? He had hardly said ono word in tho House. Ail ho had ever done was to vilify tlie people of Tasmania. To libel their mothers,- and -their 'daughters. (Hissos and groans.) The journals were still to be found in which these things were reported of Mr.. Weston, and yet thoso very journals were liis loudest adulators. (A voice " the Launceston Examiner.") They brought forward amotion of " want of confidence" beoauso it tygp said that Mr. Gregson used strong -languago,' and because he made faces. The fact was that they manifested suoh absurdities thatMivGregson's feelings wore pouftrayed in liis countenanoe. But Mr. Weston could not stand tho animated play of - feature in Mr. Gregsou's face. Well, Mr. Weston was sont for.- And what did ho do ? Why he called for a glass of grog and a fow friends. A few friends ! What did that moan ? What right had he to con sult with any hut those who had supported liim in liis motion. A few friends however were called, and tlio offices were all nioely apportioned. They then walked aoross the street, aiid asked tho late Attorney- General to accept tlie office of Solicitor-General. It was clear from that oiroumstanoe that their oppo sition was not- one of principle, but faction. Tlioy found tbo gamo slipping through their fingers, aud had therefore moved the " no con fidence" motion. Desoonding from policies to persons, they asked a son to insult his father. He (Mr. Yates) had thought, it riulit to vindi cate -the opposition that was offered to Mr. Smith. Mr. Boys was not necessarily identi fied with the policy of tho late ministry, bat with sound .'measures, by whomsoever pro pounded. ' There was no doubt Mr. Smith would bo able to . muster some support. He would got together a few police clerks and constables. But tho people of Hobart Town might havo tho gratification of . knowing that they were supported by all the constituencies of .tho island. Ho (Mr. Yates) had good l-oason to know that a demonstration would take place during the recoss, which would show that tliero was not a ghost of a chance for tho new Ministry. Mr. Knight was in tho same unfortunate position as Mr. Smith, .who, to use a sporting phrase, would be " no whore." (A voice, " We'll liavo Greg son in again.") Tho Ministry might possess the hoys of the Treasury for a short time, but when tlie House re-assembled, would they ho in tlioir places? Would Mr. Smith he there? Would Mr. Knight ? As for Mr. Innes, a native was going to oppose him. (Immense cheering.) Then, with regard to Mr. Honty, thoro were to be some " hanky ponky" tricks between him and Mr. Weston. Tbo latter gentleman was to resign his seat, and Mr. Honty was to bo put up for it. Even liore again he (Mr. Yates) understood it would bo " no go." They would not succeed. Ho was not going to de clare that tlio House would suffor an irrepar able loss in Mr. Weston. (Laughtor.) For if tlioy had soen him as he (Mr. Yates) had, sit ting- on tlio Treasury benches, and declaring that " lie had received no instructions, " they would doubtless come to the conoluuion that it would liavo been jnst as well that he had received instructions, and - that he bad received thorn - from the pooplo. (Loud oheers ),„.. It was ahsuid to think that sueli men were to ride l-ough-shod over them. The poople would not have them. Nevertheless they should not he too confident. Their opponents were stirring. There was to ho a meeting that same evening at tho " Good Woman." But after what lie had soon that night, he had little fear for tho re sult, and lio was convinced that Hobart Town would nevor tolerate as its representative, a member of an administration whioh, like tho " Good Woman," was without a head. (Laughter.) Ho would detain them no longer. Mr. Boys was their man. (Loud oheers.) Mr. Harris was called for by the meeting, and coming forward, said that little was loft for him to touch upon. Mr. Boys was his man, and lie hoped would be thoirs. It was becauso all that gohtleman's transactions wore honest, bocause lio was straightforward enough to come forward and ask their suffrages that they should support liim. It was tlioir duty to rally round him. on Friduy-at tho Hustings, and on Tuesday at tlio Ballot Boxes, so as fully to convince pooplo for tho future that they would not bo ablo to influence tlie publio of Hobart Town. Tlie rejected might seek sorno rotten borough. An Old Sartira. Tho people must succeed. Tltpy lmd the hull by the horns and would give his tail a good rattling. (Laughter.) They were in the right. Certain hon. gontlomen in Parliament held the lands and paid very little for them. They were out- sido the boundaries and were only taxed a vory littlo. Thoy clippotl their wool onoe a- year, whioh was brought down on the roads paid for by the peoplo. He would propose a tax of twopence per lb, on wool, and 2s, an aore on 'all uncultivated lands. By these moans 'he would wager bis existence the wholo debt of Van Diotnen's Land would soon ho paid off. It was unwise to tax the neoos- sarios of life, boeauso'poople would not stop in tho land to be bo taxod. Thoy all recolleotod tho Budget. Some had Baid it was very good, ho himself- thought different. Well, a storm was brewing. Tho inoeting at tho Markot Place took placo, and what was tho consequence? .Mr. Chapman cut tlio Budgot in half. After all they went out. Then Mr. Champ recommended that Mr. Gregson should ho sent for. Ho (Mr. Harris) bolioved that in tlie Mastor and Ser vant Aot there was a oluuso whereby Mr. Champ could bo given throo months, for having recommended Mr. Grogson to he sent for. Ho says he has no confidence in liis ability, inte grity, or capacity. He had given him a false character and most undoubtedly could be given three months for it. (Laughter.) What was Mr. Grogson's first stop? Why, to sweep away the obnoxious tariff. Tliev might thank God it was thrown out. He looked upon it as tho vomit whioh, liaving been cast off, -no one would take up again. (Cheers.) Mr. Millor, who was soen sitting amongst tho crowd on the platform, after being repeat edly called for, oame forward, and said that he haa not intended to uddross thorn, but in doforeuce to their wishes bo had muoli plea sure in making a few observations. He would proceed to show somewhat more closely than tho previous speakors how utterly unworthy of credit Mr. Smith was. Ho would not deny liim ability. — Tlio possession ot that vory ability however, h« contended, rendered him ail the raoro dan- gorous. (Hear, hoar.) (Mr. Meredith hero entered upon tho platform, and was immedi ately received with repeated rounds of tlie most enthusiastic applauso. It was eomo timo before tho exoitoment abated sufficiently to allow Mr. Miller to proceed. Mr. Smith had been strongly opposed to transportation, and yet had taken office undorSir W.Denison, and supported that vory moasuro ho had before eoudomnod. This was to obtain place and power. What was the next phase of his con duct? He did all ho oould to protect an official who had boon guilty qf gross pooulation und corruption. (Cries " Hampton.") Although believing liim guilty, he was found conniving nt the escape of that arali-rohber from our shores. What followed ? Dr. Kampttin was allowed to go homo without a stigma' on his oharacter, and it was now found that he was on his way out to another portion of Australia, to fill an appointment whioh would enable liim to carry ont tho sdmo system . of , robbery and plunder. It would be in their reoollootion tlmt he (Mr. Millor) lmd mpved that it was not expedient that a Finance Minister should be engaged in commeroe. . (A voico,' " Quite right.") Tlie sale of tho debentures sufficiently proved the correctness. of the prinoiplo. Ilo -would not say that Mr. Chapman was guilty of talcirg advantage of his official position, but what ho would say was, tliut tiio tomptation should not have been placed in his way. He did not say that Mr. Chapman was guilty of dishonesty, though many did say so. On this occasion Mr. Smith voted against him. Then Mr. Smith declared it was essential thoro should ho in the Ministry a Se cretary of Publio Lands and Works. Subsequently, when he did not oliooso to abandon placo and pay, ho abandoned that' Then Mr.- Smith presented a potition from the Liconsod Victuallers — it was most numerously signod. He (Mr. Miller) bold tbat a gentle-' man who presented a petition of tlmt descrip tion bocame identified with it, and endorsed its viows. Tlmt would not do for Mr. Smith He would thoreby lose tho support of Mr. Hopkins and his party. (A voice—" The straight-nosed lot." But ho sought by a show of sympathy to gain' tho support of a large class. Now, again, when tho support of that same class was necessary to him he promises to give that matter his consideration, which up to the present time lie lmd utterly ignorod. Again, with reference to the Master and Servant Act, Mr. Smith Imd brought in an Act against whioh tbo whole colony, had raised its voice. Subsequently, lie brought in an amended Aot, thoreby gaining tlie. credit of a largo body of persons. What does he then do ? In that veiy amended Act he carefully guards the interests of employers. (Groans.) Still, in reforoncei to tbo same bill, he movod for a. select oommittee. He (Mr. Miller) was a member of tlmt committee. Ho had only received, however, but one formal summons to attend upon it. It was therefore only inoant to boguile tlie people. Therefore, ho would ask tliom never again to trust a man who had not redeemed liis promises. Then there was tho tariff, which although Mr. Chapman lmd said it was the foundation of then- policy was abandoned tho moment thoro was tho least chance of losing placo and pay. (A voice — " He's a coward.") Yes, a political coward. Ho next found him opposed to Mr. Gregson, in rospoot to that gontlemau's deter mination to receive no emolument for tho la bors of his office as Colonial Secretary. No doubt Mr. Smith had a holy horror of a gen tleman taking offico without pay. That was tlie first opposition that was offered to the late ministry. All Mr. Gregson wished was, to carry out tlio wish of liis life, that he might servo liis country without remuneration. In contradistinction to Mr. Smith they imd, as their candidate, a merchant, ono who .said that be nevor took part in public affaire. He was one of those who now folt it neoessary to come forward to save the colony. It was not a plossant thing to engage in politics at suoh a time. Soats in the House would bo no agreoable places; but gentlemen who aro moro qualified than many of those nt presont in tho Houso were unwilling to tako a prominent part iu tho affairs of their adopted land. He looked upon it as a happy augury for Tasmania that Mr. Boys should have con sented to seek their suffrages. Ho was thereby setting an illustrious example to liis brother merchants. Mr. Miller resumed his scat amid repented rounds of applause. Mr. Meredith was loudly oalled for, and after some liositation at last camo forward, greeted with enthusiastie cheers. He ex pressed liis thankfulness for tho hearty rooop- tion they had given liim. He had long been in tlio habit of meeting the people's represen tatives — lie was glad to meet tho people them selves. Ho was glad to go to the fountain head. Ho had no hesitation to meet tbe peoplo, because, faithfully and conscientiously lie had done his duty. Thoy (night find one moro clever than ho. Mr. l-'ranqis Smith was so, probably, but ho (Mr, Meredith) denied that bo was more faithful. Ho had not a greater stake in the colony than ' himself. Many bo could seo around him had as great a stake in tho colony. For they had thoir wives and their children, and all that they held most dear. The question was whether it should be Mr. Boys, the mer chant, or Mr. Smith, the barrister. Mr. Smith had great ability, but there was not in Tas mania an lionester man tban Mr. Boys. It was true that thoso gentlemen wore appointed by tho Governor, but until the pooplo eon- firmed the appointment, it was not worth a rash. The colony was labouring under a dobt of £400,000, or thereabouts. It was the ob ject of tho first ministry to impose additional taxes for tlio liquidation of this dobt. Tho Gregson Oabinnt believed that tlio oxponditure could.be reduced within tho income by selling tho lands. Not 100,000 acres only, but 11,000,000 acres. But how wore they mot in the first instance ? After a dobato lasting four houre and a half, thoy were donied a cash credit, aud were told to force the deben tures iu tlio markot. This was doDO, but at a loss to tlie oolony of £4188. Mr. M. conoluded by saying that men who .would prefer such men as Mr. Smith to a man like Mr. Boys wero unfit for' tlio privilogo of voting, (Ohoors.) Mr. Grogson being oalled for vociferously, the moetiug was iuformsd that that gentloman was not in town. . .. The ; Chairman 'then put tho resolution, which was carried by acolamation. Mr. Boys briefly returned thanks for "the- unanimous feeling that had been evinced towards him, aud hoped that those who in tended to support him would on Tuesday re cord their votes. Upon the motion of Mr. Ivey. tho Chairman vaouted his seat, and Mr. Kissook oooupied the Chair. Upon the motion of Mr. Boys, seconded by Mr. Gilles, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Wilson, for the nble manner in whioh! ho. had disohargod his duties as Chairman. Mr. Wilson briefly returned thanks,, and ' congratulated the meeting upon the orderly charaotor of its proceedings. He said ' that . men such as were assembled that evening wero worthy of the franchise thoy enjoyed. Three cheers were then given for Mr. Mere dith, throe more for Mr. Millor, three for Mr. Boys, and three for tho Queon ; additional rounds oi' applause again greeted Mr. Meredith,, and tlio meeting dispersed. ' ' - 