ENGLAND'S POSITION IN THE EAST. Promise Times.) A successful nation, like a successful man goes not expect universal sympathy and condolence in its difficulties. We know quite well how we stand in that respect. Nor do we complain at all. It is perfectly natural that our neighbors in Europe and America should be looking on now upon the great Asiatic son fight in which we are engaged with an interest not who by pleasurable. We will not quote the maxim about the misfortunes of our best friends, because It does not quite suit the case Our neighbors cannot exactly indulge in the luxury of pity, because our care is not bad enough for that. We are too vulgarly prosperous as yet. No; but there is such an attitude as that of standing by, and watching, with a general idea on the part of the spectator that we may possibly get the worst of it, and that he will not be particularly sorry if we do. Dominant nations, just like public men, are accustomed to these friendly expectations. They are aware that many eyes around them are watching their course, especially if a cloud is overhead, with a somewhat unsympathetic curiosity. We know that we are now forming a pleasing subject of conjecture to a wide circle. "Now, then, what will Great Britain do ? How will she get out of this mess? How will her Indian prestige stands " &c.; Prophecy is proverbially interesting. Religious prophecy is the most fascinating part of theology. Hundreds of divines become quite indifferent to the existing condition of the world or the church, so absorbed are they in imagining and guessing what if will be. Social prophecy also is very interest sugar Half our gossip is prophecy. WodisouSB the destinies of our friends with great hilarity their aims in life, abilities, temper, oon nexions, their pecuniary resources, and what will be the probable result of the whole. I Nor is prophecy the lesS light- hearted for making out that the prospect is a gloomy j one. This kind of talk is pleasant enough ; it ranks by the side of ghost stories, I dreams, marvellous coincidences, and the gossip of the supernatural world. And where a great nation is concerned the dignity of the moralist comes in. It is quite safe to say that we are a wicked nation, because upon the old proverb, that the " majority are wicked, a nation cannot easily avoid being so. Well, then, our great national faults have to be punished, and a solemn judicial vista opens before the censor's eye. A great many people never feel so comfortable as when they are talking about "judgments." . It is the cheapest form of virtue there is. It costs absolutely nothing, at the very time that the virtuous enthusiasm of the judge is at its greatest height. ' Now, we have no wish to rob our friends and neighbors of onions interesting subjects. would be cruel to cost. LMjhOTgro. press as much as they please. Let mania gossip about us ; let them judge us with all solemnity. We like virtuous enthusiasm, and would not suppress it on any account. But we must remind them of one feature in our case which they ought to know. It appears very certain that we have no quarrel with any nation in the East. e. with the mass of people either in India or China. Why, our fleet steamed up the Canton River amid an attendant and friendly navy of " sampans and junks.' The invasion-it we are to call it seemed quite a popular step. "The boats came about us with bananas, lemon syrup, and sweet potatoes." "A Chinaman contracted for supplying us with fresh meat and vegetables, charging us hardly more than the market price." " The husbandmen upon the banks pursued thelrlaborsin theirpaddy-fieldi under the protection of our guns, which for the time shielded them from the violence of the Mandarin Sailors." This does not look like popular hatred or distrust. It i true that a fanatical party keeps us out of Canton, but everybody know, the power of even a small fanatical minority to overawe the mass, especially if as in the present case, the interests of the Government go along with the claims of superstition. It remains to be seen what it 1 which has shut us out of Canton ; whether I really is the popular feeling against the s train ger, as the Chinese Government pretends, or whether that is only a pretext of the Government to disguise its own reluctance to fulfil the treaty. If we are to interpret naturally the behavior of the Chinese, thronging round our fleet as it went up the river the people appear to have no feeling against us. We are at war with a Court, and no with a nation. It will be said that the Chinese will do anything for money, and that the know the English have money, Well, we d not inquire into the motive- we simply state the fact. For some reason or other they seen to have no objection to us. If money is the! object, that only shows that the objection to the society of the foreigner yields to the motive, and that what brings them into contact with us is stronger than what keeps them aloof from us. A Chinaman is a selfish animal, but that does not interfere with the fact that he trusts us, believes in our fair dealing, knows we will not have him wantonly and courts our custom and company even when we are invading him. It is the same in India. The enemy is our own soldier, am not the Hindoo. Far from joining the military mutiny, the people, so far as our account go, actually persecute and maltreat the mr careers when they are caught straggling. a private letter states that 500 of them who had escaped into the Mahomedan valley of S we were first circumcised and then sold as slave an old native officer realising only sixpence halfpenny. This, it will be said, is Manomi dan feeling, not British. It may be, be still the fact shows that there is no fee ing for the mutiny. The Mahomedan have risen against us as much the Hindoos, and the one Best wool not persecute the other if there were the slightest national bias for the mutineers, of the mutiny were regarded in the least as patriotic movement. Indeed, the India authorities have calculated so completely of the apathy of the mass in the North-west this they have offered a reward of £5 for ever mutineer brought in, dead or alive, with h arms. Facts, indeed, appear to show that we my expect in this contest a seasonable return for that justice and consideration which have marked our Indian administrator) It would seem that this has made some impression at last upon the native : He knows he is safe under us : he is a molested, he is not injured. He has he nearly a century's experience now of a fa government, under which life and proper are protected. He feels he has no interest i change, and he stands aloof from this country just as he would from any foreign invasion which would be evidently and transparent for the benefit of the invader and not for him At the same time we must not forget that the Frankenstein of our own creation is formidable opponent, nor disguise from OF selves the difficulties of a contest with a well armed and well-disciplined mutiny, while they tax our resources to their utmost. 