MELBOURNE. (FROM oua OWN CORRKSPQNDF.NT.) September 26th. 185?. The Land Rill lias been thrown out by the Up per House of Parliament. It would be inopportune to detract from the importance of this great event, by analysing the motives which induced the ma jority of that assembly to make a virtue of neces sity, and relievs the country from the turmoil of a protracted contest. There is not, I apprehend, a man in the country, who has any legitimate pre tensions to the character of a politician, who had any doubt of the result. It was impossible to believe, even if the bill had passed through the Upper House, but that Sir Henry Barklv would have reserved the royal assent for the Queen, to bG guided by the advice of tier Ministers. It could not beof the slightest moment what party midit be in power, for Cabinet Ministers in Eng land are not taken from the plough or the shop counter to manage the affairs of a great nation. It would be impossible to find an Administration in England which would have advised her Majesty to give the royal assent to such a measure. I almost regret that it did not reach that stage, m order that a fit and appropriate lecture might be given by the great statesmen in England to the' miserable junto who so ridicu lously ape the functions of politicians, and through their ignorant obstinacy falsify the elementary principles of responsible and constitu tional government, and degrade the offices they hold by a series of flagrant failures. Their inca pacity to conduct the affairs of the eouutry is now demonstrated, and made apparent to the least instructed man amongst us. They are a merce nary clique, animated but by one feeling, end that is their own interest. They value place only for its' emoluments, and the poyeer it affords them to screen the misdoing of their predecessors, who exercise a potential influence, and have tho entree to their office? by the b'ack stairs, The ghost of an audit of the public accounts lmunts these chambers, and scares them in their snats. The old ofiico bearers of all grades support them, because from them they can count upon indemnity and impunity. They reject moral influence us an agency of govornment, and rely upon jobs, con tracts, undue influences, unfair preferences, and the dispensation of patronage among social and political syeopants, as the most easy means of retaining their ill-gotten power. That power they will stick to like a leech, until the l;ist drop is extracted. How long will they abuse our patience ? I answer until it is exhausted, and the people are driven to desperation. They know tl|ey are patient, forbearing, and long cuduring, but these things are carried to the crcuit side of their chances of holding on. The atmosphere of the Flagstaff is ihe only air they can breathe—all else is azoto in which the) die. They havo the grace to feel they nro not prepared to die, and die they will not if they cau avert so dismal a catastrophe, ! The Legislative Council, unlike the House of Lords, is a representative body. It represents tho I property of the country, and a large and en lightened section of the population. That branch of tho Legislature has condemned thein in the most emphatic manner. Jt rejected their Immi gration scheme. It has now rejocted their Land scheme. It will ignore their Railway scheme. They arc clumsy schoiners, and if tljey are not adepts in scheming after so nmph practice, what are they adepts in ?—nothing, nothing! The whole population pronounced their condemnation in petitions to the Legislature, which in the Assembly were treated as waste paper. They have defied public opinion and insulted the nation. They would, had they been permitted to go so far, have offered indignity to the Sovereign 011 her throne, by asking her tq ignore the united voice of her subjects in this colony. On their advent to office, they set at nought her highest pre rogative, with which she is invested for the ■ welfare of the people. In a frenzy of faction they refused a fair trial to the Ministry \yhich preceded them. Assumed power,-—abused it. The bluff coachman ascended the box, took tho reins, whipped his team through thick and thin, upset the coach, spilled the pas sengers, and foundered the spavined jadea he put in harness. He stood fo? np repairs.' Ileales puts in his contract to repair the coach,—all tho world will allow his skill in conoh mending, for it is his trade, ^ Eniblir.g will doctor tho horses, and Ser vice will provide them with fodder. The coach man receives consolation from Sargood and the venerable Langlands. " All's right," says the coachman. Nevertheless, the customers will have a say in tho matter. The State coach must not bo shivered to piecus to gratify tho coachman. So many breakdowns and so much furious driving are against the public safety; the coachman must be discharged. If not, the hooting of tho populace will frighten the horses, and we shall huve another upset worse than the former. Gold from bf.yond the Wiursricij.—\Y<j havo Been a good specimen of rough gold at Mensra. Shircss and J otLoa', which is reported to havo been procured from Elysium Flat, about five or six miles from th* "Whipstiok diggings, . 