Review OUR GRANDFATHERS. The Eighteenth Century, or, Illustrations of the Manners And Customs of our Grandfathers. By ALEXANDER AN- DREWS. Chapman and Hall England and the English of the year 1856 are hardly more different externally from what they were a century ago, than they differed then from what Julius Caesar fonnd them. A new race is living in a new world, and but that the substratum of the people's character remains pretty much the same, we might almost fancy that some geo logical epoek separated us from the last days of the reign of George 11.; and that in turning over Mr Andrews amusing pages we were reading of some social palaeozoic monsters living in a land long since buried beneath the sea. Social life in tbe middle of the 18th century was singularly different from thatof the 19th when gas, steam, and telegraphs have done so much to efface all distinction, and tone us down to one common monotony. We are not without hope (or fear) that the euthan- asia of quakerdom is at hand when all nature as well as all humanity shall be clothed in drab. White waistcoats and white cravats have nearly confounded the gentlemen of "young England'' with tavern waiters and drapers' shopmen. It was not so in 1756. The man of fashion then wore a dress as inimitable in cut as in cost. His head was decorated with a wig so carefully powdered and curled that he scarcely ven- tured to put on his small three- cornered goldlaced hat for fear of damaging his barber's or his valet's handiwork. So the hat must be worn under the arm. A cravat, often of costly lace and white as snow, was twisted round his neck and hung down over his breast. Then starch was unknown. His showy waistcoat with its long flaps and capacious pockets reached to his knees, al most hiding, as he walked, his gaily-coloured silk or plush breeches. His siik stockings, often drawn op over the breeches, terminated in highly-polished shoes, on which glittered gold and silver buckles, not rarely set with precious stones. But his coat was a master piece of sartorial skill. It was made of silk or velvet, was richly embroidered, and the choice lining was of a different hue from the coat itself. The square cue flaps were thrown gracefully aside to display the waistcoat, and often were distended with wire or buckram, as the modern petticoat, with — but we must not betray the mysteries of the female toilet. We have the fate of Pentheus before our eyes, and must refer our readers to "Dressing for the Ball," which forms the frontispiece of Punch's Pocket Book for 1857. The dress was distingue certainly, and so was the price. Vain, gay little Goldsmith paid twenty-one guineas for a suit — that is, agreed to pay, but Mr Filby's books do not show the amount carried to his credit; and we read of brisk gallants who thought nothing of giving £120 fora walking dress. Glorious times these for tailors! But the promenade of the man of fashion was limited to the Mall or Covent Garden. How could he walk with high red-heeled shoes, or with his dangling sword, or long cane, still swing ing in the hands of the footmen behind my lady's carriage on a drawing-room day. Who can account for the curions changes, but still more curious obstinacy of fashion. The beefeater flourishes at the Tower and in our grand ceremonies, red and be-ribboned as in the days of the Tudors; the Blue- coat boy walks about in the ugly uncomfortable dress of the same age; the gentleman's levee dress dates from the earliest George. En gland can never fall so long as bobwigs, col'arless coats, smallswords, knee etceteras, silk stockings, and buckles, roll down St. James's-strect to pay komage to tbe reign ing sovereign. Woe to the English lion when this buckram is exchanged for the free and easy full dress of the opera stalls! But the ladies' costume was equally re markable; then reigned the hoop as now the crinoline; then the head-dress was a pile of hair, powder, and pomatum, rivalling the Tower of Babel in height. Now the fashion is (or was) equally ridiculous of wearing the bonnets so small and so far behind that they might as well be left at home altogether, or trusted to a footman to be carried. Men passed much of their time in coffee houses (as now in their clubs) chatting over the news of the day, or gambling at a fearful rate; while the ladies saw company in assemblies, drums, routs, riots, and hurri canes. The fair ones, too, gambled, and cheated awfully, unless common report be a liar. The dinner hour was between two and four, and then for the play. Tn 1754, Dr Dodd, of hanging notoriety, tells us that the doors of the theatre opened at four. The Bloods, Bucks, Biters, Macaronies, and Pretty Fellows did not confine themselves to the pit or omnibus box, but would show off their persons and dress in chairs ranged upon the stage. Meanwhile the footmen kept their mistresses' s^ats warm in the boxes, and in due time retired to the gallery, where they claimed free admission and un limited right of ' chaff.' Politics invaded even this temple of the muses; Whigs and Tories sat on opposite sides, as in the houses of Parliament. A visit to a theatre was almost as dange rous ihen as now. Up to 1783 the proprie- tors of Sadler's Wells kept a regular patrol on the New-road to protect the audience returning home. Some of the roads and streets are hardly safer now than then, notwithstanding the blue police. If the mounted highwaymen and footpad have dis appeared, advancing civilization has brought with it the garotte-man and the still more dangerous cyprian and her bully. In the way of roads and conveyance we hare gone a-head. In 1760 the coach carried the traveller to Liverpool in four days; but five years later a "flying coach," drawn by six horses, whisked an astonished Frenchman from London to Dover in a day. The slow stages were robbed as a matter of course; they were invented purposely for highwaymen. Even the streets of London were not safe; the horrid wretches would actually cut a hole in the back of your 'cab' or ' brougham' and pull the wig off your head ! I f you caught the robber, the chances were, if he had money, that he slipped through the justice's fingers but then some poor devil was doubly punished for an offence he did not commit. The Duke of York and the Prince of Wales were robbed in Berkeley -square; and Dr Dodd was stopped by a highwayman near St. Paneras — a nasty place, even now, after midnight. Mr Andrews details appalling lists of crimes and petty offences. In 1778 a band of smugglers and a troop of soldiers bad a re gular fight on Blackfriar's bridge. Riots were scenes of tumult almost infernal. But 'gentlemen of quality' would some times rival the brutality of the mob. The Mohocks frightened all London into fits; they slit the noses or gouged out the eyes of the passenger whom they encountered in their drunken sallies, which they called "tipping the lion." Then they would make some unfortunate creature dance to the prick of their swords until he fell exhausted. The "tumblers" devoted themselves to the lively practice of turning women upside down, while others would put the ladies into barrels and sportively roll them down hill. After the Mohocks came the "Hell- fires," who eat "Holy Ghost Pie," and made the "Mother of Christ" president of their obscene revels. If any of these gen tlemen were caught, they were pretty sure to be hanged, for that was a short, easy, and expeditious mode of punishment. At Tyburn criminals used to be haltered by dozens; it was a bad morning when eleven only took their last leap in the air from the 'triple tree,' and reprieve was an unwar- rantable interference with the amusements of the people. Between 40 and 50 years ago a man who had been instrumental in procuring a respite, at the last moment, for an unfortunate criminal, was obliged to flee for his life from the country town where the execution had been appointed to take place. For the other punishments, often fatal to life, as the pillory and whipping, we must refer to Mr Andrews' book. And, indeed, we have been pilfering from it too long. From our rough sketch the reader will know pretty well what to expect io this volume. It is a collection of curious matters extracted from the newspapers and books of the day, a medley of things new and old, but always interesting. The only thing the book wants to make it complete is an index. No pub lisher should ever think of issuing; works of this kind without that indispensable aid both to the studeut and the casual reader. We shall give a few extracts, although they must necessarily be disadvantageous speci mens of a volume so miscellaneous in charac- ter: - WOMANLY SPORTS. The most revolting and disgusting spectacles of this kind were prize-fights, in which women were the competitors for the stakes, and. half- naked, battered and bruised each other, without cause or provocation, to the heart's delight of a ' respectable' circle of beholders! Under dale June 22nd, 1766, we read: "Wednesday last, two women fought for a new chemise, valued at half a guinea, in the Spa-fields, near Islington. The battle was won by a woman called ' Bruising Peg,' who beat her antagonist in a terrible manner." In 1722, we find the following; "Challenge.— I, Elizabeth Wilkinson, of Clerken- well, having bad some words with Hannah Hyfield, and requiring satisfaction, do invite her to meet me upon the stage, and box me for three guineas; each woman holding a half-a-crown in each hand, and the first woman that drops the money to lose the battle.' 'Answer.— I, Hannah Hy field, of Newgate Market, hearing of the resoluteness of Elizabeth Wilkinson, will not fail, God Willing, to give her more blows than words, desiring home blows, and from her no favour; she may expect a good thumping." The half-crowns were to be held to prevent the combatants resorting to tbe more natural (!) weapons of their sex — the nails! Stoke Newington seems to have produced many boxers — probably from among the Gipsy tribes, who then frequented the "Green Lanes" about that picturesque little village: At Mr Stokes* Amphitheatre in Islington Road, this present Monday being the 7th of October, will be a complete Boxing Match by the two following Championesses: — Whereas I, Ann Field, of Stoke Newington, ass-driver, well known for my abilities, in boxing in my own defence wherever it happened in my way, having been affronted by Mrs Stokes, styled the European Chatnpioness, do fairly invite her to a trial of her best skill in boxing for 10 pounds, fair rise and fall; and question not but to give her such proofs of my judgment that shall oblige her to acknowledge me Championess of the Stage, to the satisfaction of all my friends.' "I Elizabeth Stokes, of the City of London, have not fought in this way since I fought the famous boxing-woman of Billingsgate 29 minutes, and gained a complete victory (which is six years ago); but as the famous Stoke Newington ass-woman dares me to fight her for the 10 pounds, I do assure her I will not fail meeting her for the said sum, and doubt not that the blows which I shall present her with will be more difficult for her to digest than any she ever gave her asses. Note. — A man known by the name of Rugged and Tuff, challenges the best man of Stoke Newington to fight him for one guinea to what sum they please to venture. N.B. — Attendance will be given at one, and the encounter to begin at four precisely. There will be the diversion of Cudgel- playing as usual." Daily Post July 7, 1728. SHOP SIGNS. Almost every tradesman's shop was distinguished by a particular sign, which swung creaking dismally over the footpath as the wind came down the street Even the bankers exhibited their signs over their doors: Child's was the "Marygold;" Hoare's the "Leather Bottle" (still represented on their cheques); Snow's the "Golden Anchor;" Gosling's the "Three Squirrells;" and Stone and Martin's, the 'Grass- hopper.' The booksellers' favourite signs were the "Bible and Crown" (still distinguishing Messrs. Rivingtons' establishment), the "Homer's Head," the "Three Bibles," the "Angel and Trumpet," the "Kings Arms," &c.; A mercer's in New Bond-street, was the "Coventry Cross;" a baker's in Clare-market the "Seven Stars;" and a quack medicine-vendor's, in Bride-lane, the "Golden Head." The "Specta- tor" has given us a disquisition of the rise and abuse of signs, and the Anomalies they presented, and almost every one of Hogarth's works show us that they were generally adopted. In 1764 they had in creased to such extravagant dimensions, each shop keeper endeavouring, by enlarging his sign to make it conspicuous behind his neighbour's, that they not only prevented the free circulation of air in tbe streets but, being very heavy, and some of them weighing as much as four or five hundred pounds, they threat- ened the most fatal accidents to the passengers below. In fact, in 1718, dnringan unusually high wind, one of these massive iron signs, opposite Bride-lane, in Fleet-street, was blown down, bringing with it the entire front of tbe bouse to which it was attached, and killing 4 persons and wounding several others. At length, 1764. the Court of Common Council, taking into consideration the inconvenience and danger to which these huge signs subjected the citizens, ordered that all signs 6hould be fasteBed against the houses with their faces to front the street and not left to swing as formerly. — Atlas. 