PASTORAL LETTERS. We know of fev. productions of literary labours that can challenge so short a life as the Episcopal Pastoral. During its brief existence it may indeed be largely productive of good — its short course may bo abundantly rich in happy results. These let ters are seldom found in the dust of library shelves. Wecarmot, in taxing our memory, remember having ever come into contact with so rare a thing as a volume of English Pastoral Letters. Of the many thousands penned dnrine our own life, we can call to mind only one such letter likely to bo of an en during existerce, for which it is indebted to the occasion that called it forth. 'We allude to the important ' Flaminian missive' by which Cardinal Wiseman for a time set terrified England in a blaze. The French manage these things better. Whether it be that they devote more labour to ? these compositions, or aim at superior excellence, or take a higher view of their importance, we ean not say, but we have frequently met with highly interesting collections of the inandemants of the French Episcopacy. Indeed, in some instances, the single pastoral presents 110 insignilicant volume. When this is the case they are in general addressed to the whole body of the clergy, and grapple with some important public topic on which it is desirable that the olorgy should have clear nnd distinct views, and be able to lay' before their flocks a lucid explanation of- the ques tions agitated. These are frequently invaluable treatises, sifting thoroughly and profoundly the matters in discussion, bringing nil available infor mation to bear upon them, placing the subjects in the broadest nnd clearest light, refuting the most dan gerous objections, and urging the olorgy to study and'to zi'al. We remember some very useful pro ductions of this class called forth during the infidel reign of Louis Phillippe, bearing some of them on the then all important natural topics of Education, whilst others regarded tho introduction of the the Roman ceremonial into the archdiocese of Paris to supersede its own local one. A pastoral of some merit which now lies upon our table has suggested theso hasty remarks, and we feel called upon to ofl'er some apology for presenting it. even in tho triturated form in which we propose doing so. We nve of opinion that it possesses high claims as a composition, and must bo interesting to our Ca tholic renders ; but onr praises, however, must be understood to ivgavd tho matter and its bundling, the force and precision of argument and thought, the depth of reflection, I he happy position, nndsimilar qtmlilios. The stylo in which it is written is fre quently defective. These, defects will, however, be readily pardoned when we reflect that Dr. Pouipa lier bus hurl nil the difHciiliit'sof a foreign language to contend against:.. And, though the style is at times imelognnt, the whole rom posit ion possesses bo many'exc'ellencies that we feel the Catholic pub lic will owe lis 110 gnidg'o for thus calling their ' attention to it.. If wo regret anything, it is that, our space will not allow us to print it. »» ex/enso, ? nnd'tluit. our hurried abstract must greatly impair its force, detract from its beauty, and in many cases scarcely convey1 to the reader's mind an; idea of tho original. . ? After a few preliminary remarks relativo to tho season of Lent, for which it was written,, his Lord ship addresses himself to his subject, the living authority ompowerod by Jesus Christ to guide and toach mankind, and byllim ordained to abide through all ages nnd every vicissitude nn universal testi mony of His own divinity ; of tho Triune Deity ; of the ononcss of Faith, and of the oneness of the snerod mimrtry. Dr. Pompnllier then proposes to consider ' iho nature of that testimony, its neces sity and great advantages ;' a most important sub ject. Ho begins by a lucid proposition of his views on the nature of this testimony, explaining what Revelation or tho Divine Word is ; nnd contrast ing, in a masterly manner, the living, speaking, nnd active testimony of the Church, with the silent and passive books of Sacred Writ. If we reflect mure and more on the nature of the oral testi mony, or tin; living teaching, we may see why God has preferred it nt first to any other mode of communicating the doctrine of faith; for by the moral Action of speaking the person who sj.eaks may, after having communicated to the bearer the thoughts that were to be received, Interrogate him ; and, reciprocally, the hearer may Interrogate Die speaker ; and by that means both may sec if the conformity of doctrine la received or not, and, if not, more explanation may be given, till the conformity of thoughts, and unity of doctrine, be really effrctcd. Observe yet the great dlflercnce between the living teach ing, spoken publicly by the mouth to the people, and the teaching written by the pen in the passive books, even of the Holy Scriptures. In the first ca-e the teacher speaks and hears, interrogates, or answers, and the hearer has tho same faculty, liut in the second case, the book in the hand of the reader has no hearing to hear his enquiries, and no mouth to answer him. Thus a buuk, even the Sacred Uook, if deprived of a living interpretation, is in fuel a teacher deaf and dumb. If, then, the reader cannot understand it, he is len to his own ignorance; nnd, if he ntt.ich to the let ter of the Sacred Hook a meaning which the Divine Author has not at all in view, the reader is left in Ins errors, till, humble nnd upright as the eunuch of (Jueen Can. lace, he asks for the ollicial interpretation of the ministry of the Church. There is, therefore, no hesitation lo [irefer'the oral teaching to the written one. Still both have been admitted by the direction of God— the oral teaching as the more excellent, indispensable, and the first for use ; and afterwards the written teaching was given, cither in the Holy Scriptures or in the other hooks of the constant nnd uniform Traditional Doctrine of the Church. That the word of Coil has lieen lirst delivered by the oral teaching or tradition, is a notorious fact of the history of faith. In confirmation of this view, Dr. Pompnllier ex amines tho whole period from mint's creation. From Adam to Moses, a period of about two thousand years, there were no sacred writings. Truth was transmitted orally from lip to lip. From Hoses ngaiu to Our Saviour, though snored books existed, they existed controlled by a priesthood whose duty it was to expound them, to watch them jealously, and, whilst preserving them entire, to prevent any erroneous interpretation of them. During this lout; interval, nguiu, many important truths of Fnith, ns the Trinity, tho Universal Judgment, and indeed the genuine interpretation of Holy Writ, itself, wore eoufided to oral tradition alone. Proceeding thoncc to. our Saviour, the bishop dwells on the ftu-l that tho Messiah ever and always taught * By tho transits or Venus, which occur only at long in tervals, across the face of the sun, astronomers are enabled, with very great accuracy, to measure the sun's distance from her and from our earth. The eyes of all places and all times are centered in admiration of this beautiful object In the heavens; which, though seen at one time before the sun, and at another after him, is nhviiys the same. viva voce. He loft no volume. His only book .was the hearts of his apostles and disciples. Let us again listen to his Lordship. According to Jesus, Peter, his first apostle, is compared to a rock, upon which the Church, not the churches, Is to be built ; and the gales of hell shall not prevail against her. The keys of the kingdom of henyen, given to Peter, are another sign of his responsible agency before God, nnd his power over the Church. The approbation in heaven of his ministry on earth, ami of tlie ministry of the body of the Apostles united to Peter, is a great mark of Infallibility granted to this same body or teachers anil pastors; Infnlll bilily that is nctive in them, nnd passive In the Church at large; because the gates or hell, viz., the doctrines of error and evil, shall never prevail against her ; that Is shall never deceive and corrupt her. Hence also .Tesus was so certain that no error shall emanate from the teaching of the Church that he pronounced this sentence— that not to bear her is to be like an infidel and a sinner, consequently out or the way of salvation. Ily the words again of Jesus, the teaching of His lawful ministers is His teaching. They know the nature and limits of it belter than any body: for ' they who hear them,' in their decisions, ' hear Jesus ;' and ' they who despise them despise Jesus.' They have to teach nations; they 'who will not believe' their teaching 'shall be condemned;' nnd ' they who will believe them, and b-! baptised, shall he saved.' They shall by themselves, nnd afterwards by their lawful successors, deliver a living and divine teaching, 'all I days, up to the consummation of the world ;' and Jesus promises to assist them with his invisible presence during all that length or time, and to give them also the direction or the Holy Ghost, who will abide with them far ever. What reasonable motive could any person have to leave the Church, since He remains with them and her without any interruption? Now the passages or the Word or God which we have just cited in their meaning, were a mere oral teaching or Jesus. No man, indeed, would do what He did, Hint is, to conrer, without any writings, powers of eternal Interest:), as are the powers given to the Church for the salvation of souls. But what would be imprudent, rash, and impossible to men, is easy and possible to Jesus, because he is God. And when he plenses to use the weakness of humanity as an instrument of his mercy, lie understands liow to enable it to do all that he ordqrs. The apostles follow a method similar to that of their Divine Master. For yenra oral teaching is the basis' of their arduous ministry. It wns long before the Kvmigeli.«ts penned their Gospels — not indeed before the clmvcli hnd spread and ramified throughput the world— not until tho whole body of christinn truth had been wafted from end to end of the habitable globe, were these transcripts of her oral teaching committed to paper. Absorbed in teaching, few thought of writing, and even such few writings as 0110 necessity or another suggested were not gathered together, but were scattered liko discerpta membra hero nnd there throughout the various particular churches to which they were addressed, and could not assuredly supply tho i/iuiu ui urui huh uuuiiiuiiui leuuimig. xim primi tive authority, the Church, towards the close of tho first century had to gather and pronounce upon theoe scattered manuscripts. She alone wns com petent to pronounce upon tho inspiration of these works, thus for the first timo brought together long after the death of their authors. Removo the Church, therefore, nnd the Scriptures can never be aught but a, collection of doubtful and unauthenti cated writings. Who, in fact, wns to decide amongst so many works all laying claim to inspira tion ? Who wns to decide tlint there were to bo four GospelB, nnd no more? Who, again, was to decide, in tho ease of the acknowledged works of the apostles, which were inspired and which not? The Church alone could do this through the lips of the successors of the npostles, and in virtue of tho unfailing assistance promised her by Jesus ( hrist and by the Holy Ghost. ' I know,' says Origen, ' from trmlition'or the testimony of the Church, that there are four Gospels, and only four.' ' I would not believetlie Gospels,' says St. Austin, 'if tho authority of tho Church did not lend mo to it.' This sacred book, therefore, then selected, autho rized, and sealed by the Church, all its materials weighed and approved by her, and by her brought into her rich treasure house, is her property. Without her it would have no existence. It is bnsed on her authority— the Pillar and Ground of Truth. Such being 'the fact, where shnll we look for its nntnrnl interpreter if not to her ? Qtii vos audit me audit. Through the Church alone have the Scriptures of the New Testament received a Divine promulgation, and consequently, if we reject the authority of that teacher, Divine Fnith becomes n nonentity. How idle then to say, it is better to look for truth to the Scriptures thaii to the Church which alone decided upon these Scriptures. How vain to sa^, it is better to hear God than men. Yes, Hie Church is composed or men; but or men en dowed with reason, to whom the revelation or all the Word of God has been given, and with whom faith is embodied ; men of all ages and nations ; and by the fact of their great nuhiber and variety of places, deception is become impossible on their part. It is indeed impossible that any connivance for deception can take place amongst these dispersed pastors divinely instructed for teaching all divine truths, invested with the authority or Jesus Christ, assisted by him, directed by the Holy Ghost ' all davs, even to the consummation or the world.' This body or pastors, In their public ministry, and their lawful and uninterrupted succession, is a real living agency or God on earth Tor all the things of salvation. He orders to hear them as himself. Now'if God has been pleased to speak and to be heard by such divine agents, if he has ordered all people to apply to them for receiving the teaching of revelation, then an immediate application made lo Him for such, purpose Is -not only rash, but becomes an act of disobedience to himself. As for Him, he is and will be always consistent with his agency in the Church. Since He ascended . into Heaven, his divine agents or lawftil ministers have accomplished his orders ; they have been, and ? they are, In all nations, teaching and spreading the flock of the faithrul by Haptlsin, and the hierarchy of sacred minis ters by the Sacrament of Holy Orders. ? And again,- 1 ; . ?'. '.. ... . To say now that the Word of God In the Bible is better than the teaching or the Church, is to say that the written .word i-r God in a deaf anil dninb paper is better than the .thoughts or God,' that is, than His same word, well ex plained by his lawful agent endowed with senses to speak and to hear, and with the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, who teaches her all truth: ?To say that the Word of God in the' Bible- Is better than the teaching of the Church, is to say that the flame on the wick or the lamp is better than the previous tone that has lighted it. Are they not hnth or the same, nature? But is not the first still a kind or parent light to the second ? To say that thu revelation in the Bible is better than the revelation;ln the teaching of the Church, Is to say, in a certain sense, thnt the likeness or a perfect portrait is better than the original ; or that the copy or a correct document is better than the document itself. His Lonlsliip next refutes tho objection of those who accuse tho Church of pro ring her divine au thority from the Scriptures, and the holy Scrip tures' in turn by herself ; and then proceeds to point out the dire evils consequent on the rejection, of tho Church as a livinj; teacher. Chief among these. lie ranks the annihilation of Christian Fnith. Without tho Church there can be no Faith ; for Faith, as a doctrine, is a collection of tho divine facts of revelation. Whether God have or have not spoken to men j what the. things are which He has spoken^- these are matters of fact, and as such ro quiro to bo confirmed by witnesses. These wit nesses can only be the Christian people of each succeeding age — in other words, the Christian Church. Remove this testimony, then, and as an inevitable result Christian Faith is annihilated ; all certainty, nnd security aro destroyed ; wo remain the sport of doubts, fears, nnd anxieties. ' Alas !' writes his Lordship, The holy book alone in the hands of men to save them from the deluge or errors in mankind, could be com pared to that tower of old, called ll-.ibcl. It was a monu ment rising up to heaven, surrounded with numerous people not understanding each other; wishing to be saved from the calamities of any Hood ; and that monument re mained deaf and dumb, witnessing only their divisions and confusions. So is the sacred book itself towards the churches separated from the true one. Dr. Pompallier now proceeds to point out how essential to the church as a Teacher, divinely ap pointed, are unity of Doctrine and unity of Pastor ship. From tliis twofold unity none i* allowed to separate. Ho who withdraws from either withdraws from Christianity itself. To the evil of these divi sions he proposes an only remedy, the return to that church which has existed from tile beginning, which is based on the promises of Jesus Christ, which is divinely guaranteed from all error, which alone gave authority to the Bible, which has received a perpetunl mission upon the earth to teach in overy clime and every nge, which none can reject without being classed with the heathen and sinner, that church, in fine, which without the scriptures could still teach all truth, and to the world's end continue proof against error. The finding ' of this church [ presents no difficulty. The Apostle's creed removes nil doubt— it plainly describes her. Sho is Catho lie — is holy : two s'liining lights that through nil earth's darkness and clouds enable her to be clearly seen. Any church not universal in time— in place —cannot be the truu one— for she U not Catholic. Into tho doctrines of this appointed Teacher no orrors can creep to taint their holiness or con tarainate their purity— and, although she must bo satUiied to count and mind her children whilst upon earth, the wicked as well us thegood, still there is no dillieulty in recognising her holiness. It is manifested in her divine founder. In her myriad Saints, her Apostles, Martyrs, Pastors, Virgins, ami countless confessors. Neither are tho traditions of this church, as some would pretend, mere vague rumours or idle- hearsay s — they are the uniform and changeless teachings of her Pastors from tho earliest age lo the present. This tradition sJier: safeguard from innovation and consequently from error. In her' hands truth has remained nn inviolably treasure— she adds not to it. — she tnkes not from it. Her guiding maxim is quod semper, quod iibique, quod ah omnibus. Nor are wo allowed to object against her the difficulty of certain of her dogmas. In matters of revelntion, the height or depth, tho difficulty or incomprehensibility of tho dogma, nrc immaterial. Wo have only to consider tho authority of tho Eternal who reveals. Wo shnll now leave this vcnorablo Prelate's conclusion ?wholo and entire. We should bo loth to mako the slightest change in it. To do so would inevi tably impnir its beauty. Our only apology for its length must bo that no one can regret the oppor tunity afforded him of rending so fine a page of holy, fervid, and impassioned eloquence. O ye people of the earth, souls created to the image of | God nnd redeemed by a divine blood, woe to me, says tho Church, if I do not preach to you ; woe to you if you do not believe me; for it is written that ' he who will not believe, shnll be condemned ; he who does not hear the Church, shnll bo like a heathen nnd a sinner.' You are all called to salvation, to the true Church, which opens to you the king dom of Heaven. If you freely wish to enter into it, believe the Holy Catholic Church ; she will never misguide any one in doctrine and morality. O ye faithrul or all nations, belong always to the Church. She loves you more than a mother loves her children. She loves you as the Lambs and Sheep or the Good Shepherd, her divine spouse. Her maternal and holy hands have in Baptism poured on your forehead the water of salvation ; fed your souls with the word of God nnd the grace of His sacraments. She has made you holy in body and soul. She has made holy your temples and your graves ; and she will never he at rest till she may have the joy to place with her same holy hands upon your heads crowns of glory nnd happiness for eternity in heaven. Love the Church, dearly Beloved ; love her as a spiritual nnd universal nation of saints ; love her above p-urents, friends, nnd countries, because she has done more good to you than any body in the world, any nation, any family. No body could give you, as she does, the lire of grace in this world, nnd the life or glory In heaven. O dear catholic faithful, love your mother in salvation; be within her, be of her, be with her, and yon will he really Christians, that is, a people of Christ, with Christ, and in Christ. Whosoever does not gather with her, scatters. Tho Inheritance of God the Father is for the children or His spouse, the Church— the Holy Catholic Church. Be within her by your docility to her belier, to her teach ing, to her faith, to her canonical pastors. Not to be in her fnith, is to be in error nnd heresy ; not to be with her canon ical pastors, is to be In schism ; not to be in her discipline, out of her sacraments, especially at the time of Easter, It Is to be out of her holy communion. Be of her, dearly beloved, by keeping the innocence and Christian justice of Baptism. Be of her then by avoiding iniquity and sin. Be of her. by doing Christian works ; that is, by doing works not only good on account of their conformity with human reason and morality, but on account also of interior motives of faith and charity towards God, yourself, and your neighbour. Be of the Church, dearly be loved, like living and fruitful trees in her fertile ground for all virtues. Be with the Church, by co-operating in prayers and helps x of even- kind to her work for the propagation of the faith, anil for the salvation of nations. Belong as much as you can to the Association of the propagation of the faith, which we have just established in the diocese of Auckland. Be with the Church by doing nothing In your conduct that could not meet her approbation of sanctity. Be with the Church by obeying her positive laws, and the direction of her canonical pastors for your improvement and persever ance in Christian life. Be with the Church always and every where. If, in some places, the daily, monthly, and even half-yearly presence of her lawful Ministers could not be found, the only fact of your dispositions of docility, gratitude, and love towards her, would draw the mercies and blessings of the Almighty upon you I It is easy to be with her every where; for it, you only want to keep in one hand your Creed, in the other hand tho Ten Commandments of God and her commandments ; on your breast the sign of the Cross, and In your heart charity towards God and your neighbour; keep also the Lord's Prayer, the Hail Mary, the spirit of prayer in communion with the Saints on earth and the Saints in Heaven ; and if unfortunately it should occur that you fall into sin, and meet no priest to receive from him the Sacrain?nt of Penance, have in your hearts what absolution could not supply, nnd what itself could do, that is, have a true con trition conceived at the feet of onr divine Saviour dying on the Cross, as the victim of sin, and thepriceand satisfaction for it. With such dispositions, and applying to the ca nonical ministry of the Church when possible to do so, you will be always and every where within the Church, of the Church, and with the Church. . O dearly beloved, be with the Church ; yes again, be with that heavenly Mother, in all circumstances, in all tempests, trials, tribulations of this world ; she is militant with all hermembersagainsterrorand vice. Bewithher; her triumph in Heaven will be your triumph. As another Mother of the Maccabees, she says to every one or us, my son fear nothing but sin and hell; love God and Heaven ; love all that may increase your charity and not injure it. Fear not the passing evils or a passing world. Look at heaven, O, son or my love. I do not know all the mystery by which the Holy Ghost has made you in myself what you are, an adoptive child of the Almighty. I' know, and know you it well, that yon belong to Him ; do not give to anv body your soul ; that is his exclusive property, with all voiirself. Be obedient to Him before all, be faithfiil to Him; 'Heaven itself will be your eternal reward. Look at Heaven, dear Christians and beloved flock of the diocese of Auckland; look above at the triumph or the Church in her Saints. Bv the Infinite knowledge and power or God, they see us oil earth, as St. John by the same power saw them in the king dom of their glory ; look with him at their happy assembly ? 'no man could number their multitude ; they are or all na tions, tribes, and people, and tongues, standing before the throne and sight of the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands.' O dearly beloved, you have a seat above ; do gain it bv your union with the Church, with her faith, with her morals', with her discipline, with her Pastorship, with her living au thority or all ages and nations.— Amen. The public are often amused by those an nouncements which the Chancellor of the Exchequer makes of the receipt of money from excessively con scientious individuals. But we think those an nouncements are left far behind by the following advertisement which appears in the Times ; — ' Irish Church Missions to the Roman Catholics. — The secretary thankfully acknowledges the receipt of one thousand pounds, as ' first fruits' from an anonymous donor.' We have great curiosity to know who this anonymous donor is that is so careful not to let his left hand know what his right hand doth. He certainly must be a very modest man, as well as munificent. Not only does he give one thousand pounds for the promotion of humbug, but this is only his first subscription. Considering that the Church Missions' Society has been declining of lute in point of resources — that, in fact, it has been, to use a vulgar phrase, rather ' hard up,' it is cer tainly a curious circumstance that so large a donation should he made to the funds, and that, the pious do 1 nor should withhold the influence of his name and I example. The publication, however, of some par ticulars would materially add to the value of his liberality, ami lead others to imitate it. That must be a very strangely constituted individual, who could give a thousand pounds by way of ' first fruits,' to be expended in placards and little bits of paper which are used for lighting pipes. But we are afraid that he will adhere strictly to his incognito, and that no amount of curiosity will succeed in removing his light from under the bushel. — Cork Exnm'uur. Eleven Female Rioters Tried and Acquitted.— At the late term of the Court of Common Pleas of Richmond county, Ohio, (U.S.) tho case that created the most interest, as wo learn from the Mansfield Herald, was ono in which several Indies were indicted and tried for riot. It appears that some timo in November last the ladies of the village of Belleville, in that county, to the number of eleven, some of whom have fathers and some brothers who frequented a liquor shop kept by a man named Morris, resolved to put an end to the cause of their troubles, and did so by smashing his casks and decanters, and destroying tho liquor. They were complained of by Morris, and were indicted as before stated. The case came on for hearing, and, being arraigned at tho bar, they pleaded ' Not guilty.' Numerous witnesses were examined, nnd the caso occupied some three days. Tho Jury was duly charged by the Court, and retired. In about an hour tho bell rang, an nouncing thnt they hnd decided upon their verdict, and the people, who had manifested the most in tense interest, crowding tho Court-room during tho whole trial, rushed from all quarters of the town, so that the Court-room would scarcely hold them. When tho foreman of the Jury rose to hand in tho verdict the most breathless silence prevailed, nnd when he responded to the clerk, ' Not guilty,' the words were caught up, and such shouting, clnpping, laughing, and shaking of hands was never before witnessed in that dignified hall of justice. Although late at night, the young men from BeUoville could not wait for morning for the cars, but footed it home to tell the news. When the ladies arrived tho next day, they were received with every demonstra tion of approval by the inhabitants of tho village. The Nightingale testiino-iial fund have just made their final report. They give an account of .fi-H-,039, which they have received, and announce that they have discharged their latest duty by trans ferring the sum collected to Lord Monteagle ; the Right Hun. Sidney Herbert, M.P. ; Monckton Milues, M.P. ; C. II. Bracebridge, and Edward Majoribanks, jun., Esq. ; to be by them appropriated to the purpose set forth in the original resolutions. More than one fifth of the whole sum collected has been contributed by the army. Wit in the House of Oomkons. — A witty I member (it is not Mr. Spooner) has characterised the ! Divorce and Marriage Bill as a 'New Law of Part j nership, with limited liability.' — 1'iiuch, July 11. 