fa SW Warning Herald. SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1857. IN the Legislative Council, yesterday, the motion of Mr. DEAS THOMSON, that the HOUR a at its rising adjourn till Monday, at 11 a.m., was adopted. The reports of the committee of the whole House on the Australian Mutual Provident Society's Bill, end on the Assessment on Stock Act Continuation Bill, were adopted, and the third readings fixed for Monday next. The Toll Duties Act Amendment Bill having been recommitted some amendments were made" and the adoption of the report fixed for Monday next. The Richmond Bridge Company's Bill, the Wholesale Spirit Merchants' Fee Bill, and the Appropriation Bill were read a third time, and passed. The Sydney Sewerage and Water Appropria- tion Bill, the Railway Loan Bill for 1857, and the Electric Telegraph Bill were read a second time, and their committal fixed for Monday next. The House adjourned till Monday next at 11 o'clock a.m. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the report of the Library Committee was brought up by Mr. COWPER. The report proposed an extension of the buildings of the House, for the purpose of a library and reading rooms for the Legislative Council. It being understood that the books in both libraries should belong to the Legislature, and all be available to both branches of it. After much discussion the report was adopted. In answer to a question from Mr. PIDDINGTON the SECRETARY for LANDS AND PUBLIC WORKS said it was not the intention of the Government to re-introduce the Land Sales Bill during the present session. In answer to a question from Mr. DENIEHY the SOLICITOR-GENERAL stated that the Government did not generally approve of the system of appointing professional men to the commission of the peace, but it was a rule that could not be conveniently rigidly adhered to. In answer to a question from Mr. COWPER, the COLONIAL SECRETARY said that it was not possible for the Government to say when the Parliament would be summoned for the next session, as the present Ministry might not be in power when the Parliament should be summoned. If it should remain in power he could assure the hon. member that the House would be called together at the earliest possible day. Mr. DENIEHY moved that the Standing Orders be suspended to allow the Hon. George Robert Nichols to be called to the Bar, and to further allow such bill to be passed through the House-in all its stages. A very long and animated debate took place on the motion, which was carried by a majority of 21 to 6. In every stage of the Bill the same opposition was renewed-the speakers in opposition being Mr. ARNOLD, Mr. PiDDiNGioN,*and Mr. R. CAMPBELL. The opposition was based on technical grounds alone. Every member, except Mr. ARNOLD admitting the just claims of Mr. NICHOLS to the distinction which the Bill was intended to give him. Several divisions in different stages of the Bill give effect to this opinion. The House had not come to a decision on the question at half-past 4 o'clock. IF we supposed the opinion of the Railway Commissioners would finally decide the question of fares, we should deem it the duty of the Government to make short work with them. Captain HAWKINS is, however, about to quit the colony, and we presume some new arrangements will be made. We have heard Captain WARD, another engineer, is to be a member of the Board. He has this the great qualification, the R.E. to his name ! But then he has more than this. No man has shown a clearer intellect, or a more practical view of things. In the Legislature, on many questions, he had no equal. If he does not turn out well we shall say farewell to the Engineer Department for ever. The present Commissioners are, however, positive against reduction. In their letter to Mr. HAY they observe, " The Commissioners are decidedly of opinion that the rates as now fixed are as low as they are justified in going, and in their opinion they are borne out by Mr. WHITTON, who had gone very carefully into the subject." This is their deliverance on the 25th February ! It cannot be denied that it was time to appeal to reason ! The Commissioners may be right from the stand- point they have taken. If the railway be treated as a commercial concern the fewer persons it conveys for a maximum income the better ; two passengers at Is. 6d. are better than three at a shilling. It may be, however, that this is not the true state of the case it may even be possible to get four at a shilling by the inducement of the lower face ; if so, even in a commercial view, the Commissioners are wrong. They are certainly wrong in looking at the question as one of outlay and present return. There must be some sacrifices to get possession of the whole trade. We must by low charges compensate for the shortness of the line, the in convenient position of the termini, and the existence of other competing conveyances. In short, the men' have the traffic at any price, and look for the adVdKtages in the daily increase of both travellers and merchandise as our ultimate profit. Whbfl we come to cast up the result, we may find that we are not able to get interest for our money at present, but we shall have figures to show that the public, who use the line have been benefited Were the undertaking to be commenced it would be a fair objection to beginning it, th_ *. other means of communication exist ; but there now comes too late. We have the line, and surely his common sense to make the best of it. We are struck with the want of Ct-,m.P'e^e* ness in the data given by the Commissioners in defence of high charges. It was nurse material for them to ascertain what is the state, of traffic off the line. Certainly, no private company would have overlooked a point so relevant. PICKFORD would have taken good care to know what his rivals were about. The Commissioners appear to know nothing about the common road-not even the fares of coaches. They are quite ignorant of the nature and quantity of goods which come down alongside them. When we are allured into making roads, ' we are always informed that so many bales of wool, so many drays, go through a turnpike : it not quite as easy and more imports IS know what is the traffic by roads is.?' as a beside the lines already made ? " year's rates formed on the best authorities We are in at Camden find it the- ah * "*" storekeepers old style, those -of a stone down in the the same -. gentlemen Five carriages "of. a dusty dirty way because, LESS fell, it is a calculation of expense rather than time DD's comfort. Every such vehicle h a reproach to the Commissioners. It ought to haunt' them like a ghost ; and they ought never to rest until, by hook or by crook, 'they pick up every passenger and every package. I We believe the colony would be better pleased to see this result than even to gain a quarter per cent, on the interest of money. We. have spent our cash magnificently ; we are entitled to get something out of it. It is bad enough for the colony to have been extravagant ; but if we must have fireworks, it is doubly stupid to let them off on the Razorback, where nobody can see them. Then there is another obvious consideration. We must not look to twenty miles of railway to pay, any more than we expected it to pay while making. It is absurd to expect those who use the road in its present extent to pay in proportion to an outlay which can only be indemnified by aiding a length of road not yet begun. We can scarcely expect railways to pay unless they are of easy access we have now a line leading from nowhere to nowhere. The Sydney terminus is execrable. The poor expedient of railway busses cannot compensate for waiting at every stage getting up, down, moving luggage, and other nuisances. It is quite necessary some plan should be devised to bring in the rail to the heart of the city. It is true it would be costly, but every year will make it more so. At all events, plans should be adopted, and preliminary arrangements completed, or we shall have to pay heavily for every foot of land we require. The first thing, however, which demands attention is the adjustment of the fares. The protest, of which this journal has been the organ, against the high charges by the rail, has been endorsed by almost universal assent. The exceptions are obvious and scarcely need statement. It is one of the penalties of official ignorance and temerity that it creates obstacles to the right course. There is as much to be undone as to be done. The blundering sur . veyor makes a road in the wrong direction but, before the error is discovered, houses are built beside the line, and to change its course would be to involve many persons in ruin. So by adopting false principles in the financial management of the rail, a host of interests have been created to which change will be injurious. These must be sacrificed ; but can we entirely acquit those who have occasioned this mischief of reproach? All misdirected and wasted energy is a general loss, and detracts from the progressive power of the colony at large. The Government is not, we believe, directly responsible for the management of the Commissioners ; but we presume a hint from that quarter would lead to an immediate change. We cannot fancy what motive the Board can have to do anything save the right. Still we do see men make egregious blunders where none can suffer more than themselves. Half the failures in trade are are the result of misapprehension ; the omission of some facts in a calculation of profit and loss. Where men have the strongest reasons to sift their affairs to the bottom, and to wet come the best light the world can afford them, they nevertheless button up their coats, sit firm give the rein to the blind horse, shut their eyes -and so drive on. We all know, however, how this equanimity ends. To the Commissioners is entrusted an experi- ment of more moment to this colony than any other question of the day. They have to try it under circumstances far from encouraging. They have conflicting interests to adjust and they have few practical facts to guide them. It was natural that they should turn to English prices, and endeavour by comparing the cost of labour and so forth to find the proper advance upon the English scale. It is, however, with a style of things entirely different they have to deal. Railways will not pay as commercial speculations, and any effort to make them would only render them worthless. We give our land fund as the guarantee of the public creditor. It is to the land we must look to indemnify ourselves. If this will not do then the railway policy is a mockery, a delusion, and a snare." ________________ < THE farewell Message of President PIERCE to the American Congress will not add much to his reputation, or tend to conciliate either of the extreme parties into which the Union is divided. It is too apologetic with regard to slavery thoroughly to satisfy the planters and it is too virulent in its abuse of the Northerners not to awaken their keen resentment. Mr. PIERCE sets out with the assumption that American politics should be regarded by the President from a national, and not a sectional point of view ; a generalisation which he accuses the Anti-Slavery party of ignoring. This is the cant of the dominant interest; as though slavery could be more national than liberty, and as though it were not just because slavery is a national disgrace, and is threatening to become increasingly so, that the Free States have risen to protest against it. If slavery had been exclusively a sectional matter, if it did not involve the whole people in its iniquities, it would probably be left alone to work out its natural results ; but when it is perpetually extending its area, stimulating foreign aggression, and even provoking civil war when a fugitive slave law destroys the freedom of the soil in the Free States, it is preposterous to represent slavery as being exclusively an institution of local concern. President PIERCE talks much of the tyranny of the Free States desiring to interfere forcibly with the domestic arrangements of the Slave States, but he is silent as to the tyranny of that dominant slave power which has forced the fugitive slave law on the Free States, which has trodden down the free settlers in Kansas, and which constantly threatens foreign war as the penalty of annexation. Mr. PIERCE defends the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, by arguing that it was in itself an objectionable enactment, and unconstitutional in its spirit, that it was acquiesced in rather than passed by the Congress, that it was practically a dead letter, inasmuch as the Congress had no constitutional power to impose . restrictions on States, present or future, as to their domestic affairs, and that its repeal removed an imperfection I item the statutes. But, as if conscious that this defence was not so strong as could be wished, he adds that the North was the first to break the compromise, which thereupon became invalid also fat the South-an exculpation *flratesTtuDCOntrP**0*ctory as the line of defence. pIP, ignore the whole of his Message, Mr. W atOR accuses the freeholders of being actuated , by unworthy desires. He will not admit for a moment that they are moved by principle, or desire the glory of their country. He calls their protest against the growing evils of slavery an unwarrantable interference," and denounces their conduct as violent, inflammatory, unconstitutional, and passionate. Mean- while, from, beginning to end of the document, there is not one whisper of blame respecting the conduct of the Southern party. Here is the character he gives to nearly half the population of the Union. " To accomplish their objects, they dedicate themselves to the odious task of depreciating the government organisation which stands in their way, and of calumniating, with indiscriminate invective not only the citizens of particular States, with whose laws they find fault, but all others of their fellow-citizens throughout the country who do not participate with them in their assaults upon the Constitution, fronted and adopted by our fathers, Mid claiming for the privileges it has secured, and the blessings it has conferred, the steady support and grateful reverence of their children. They seek an object which they well know to be a revolutionary one. They are perfectly aware that the chance in the relative condition of the white and black races in the slave-holding States, which they would promote, is beyond their lawful authority that to them it is a foreign object, that it cannot be effected by any peaceful instrumentality of theirs that for them and the States of which they are citizens, the only path to its accomplishment is through burning cities and ravaged fields and slaughtered populations, and all there is most terrible in foreign, complicated with civil and servile war and that the first step in the attempt is the forcible disruption of the country embracing in its broad, bosom a degree of liberty and an amount of individual and public prosperity to which there is no parallel in history, and substituting in its place hostile governments, driven at once and inevitably into mutual devastation and fratricidal carnage, transform- ing the now peaceful and felicitous brotherhood into a vast permanent camp of armed men like the rival monarchies of Europe and Asia. Well knowing that such, and such only, are the means and consequences of their plans and purposes, they endeavour to prepare the people of the United States for civil war by doing everything in their power to deprive the Constitution and the laws of moral authority, and to under- mine the fabric of the Union by appeals to passion and sectional prejudice, by indoctrinating its people with reciprocal hatred, and by educating them to stand face to face as enemies, rather than shoulder to shoulder as friends." This style of writing might do very well for the columns of a Carolina newspaper, but it is altogether beneath the dignity of a Presidential Message. Kansas is tranquil, Mr. PIERCE says. He has sent the Imperial troops there to keep order, and order has reigned ever since, in the sense in I which Louis NAPOLEON and the Emperor of Russia understand the word order. The free settlers have been silenced. The last elections were peaceful, because the defeated party did not vote at all. The ground was left to the conquerors. The President can- not deny the gross outrages that were committed by the armed emissaries of Missouri, but he mitigates them. They have been exaggerated, he says, and have caused rather " an occasional interruption than a permanent suspension of regular government," and that the whole amount of violent acts committed in the territory have not been " greater than what occasionally passes in single cities." "It is not," he says, " the business of the Executive to interfere to secure freedom election, but it is its business to interfere to prevent the disorder which the violation of that freedom entails." That is to say, the evil produced comes under the cognizance of the President, but not the causes which produce the evil. Armed bands from the Slave States may march into a neighbouring territory on the day of election, and seize the ballot-boxes, and the President may not lift a finger to stop them. But if the settlers, who are thus cheated of their franchise, rise tip to expel the intruders by force, then the President comes in to put them down. The election he tells them was formally legal, and he must compel their submission to it. He has nothing to do with any irregularities that may have de- faced it. That is a matter which they must get righted through the medium of the Legislature thus constituted. The upshot of all this logic is, that the central power may not interfere to regulate the domestic institutions of the States, but that armed pre- datory bands from neighbouring States may, and that the central power, while restrained from preventing such incursions, is bound to support them if successful. A pretty prospect this holds out for the peaceful occupation of the remaining waste territory of the Union. The allusions in the Message to foreign diplomacy are vague. The enlistment matter is slurred over, and the dispute with Great Britain about Honduras is paraded as a triumph of American power. The relations with Spain and Mexico, Nicaragua, and New Granada are precisely such as favour the prospect of annexation. Difficulties and complications are kept pending. As the Times recently said, Cuba and the central American States are undergoing the process of lubrication prior to being swallowed. Mr. PIERCE phrases it differently : " We have," he says, " to attempt our power to the less happy condition of other republics in America." The winding-up of his Message, in which he devoutly thanks providence that the Republic has been preserved in peace with other countries throughout his term of office, reads like a bit of hypocritical profanity, when it is remembered how hard he tried, for electioneering purposes, to get up a war with England. The most satisfactory part of the document is that which describes the material prosperity of the country. During the past fiscal year 9.227,878 acres of land have been sold, and the Customs revenue was more than 64,000,000 dollars. The physical power and the material prosperity of America progresses at an enormous rate. The only anxiety is lest that prosperity should be abused, and that power exerted to uphold the wrong against the right. 