MISCELLANEOUS. What to so in a Printing Office. When you enter a printing office, leave the door open behind you. Then gawk about read all the manuscript you can get your hands on it is no difference editors have no business with secrets-boudes, you might discover some plot against the Government crush it in the bud, and thus become a public benefactor \ Be (sure to ask the compositor to let you look at to copy he is at work on of course he won't so impolite as to refuse so reasonable a request examine the types, pick them up, look at them and throw them down, no matter in what box ; what the duco do printers have so many] little boxes for, if they want folk to be so in; particularly Don't neglect the press; cat hold of the handle-pull it round-there, Is it go-not much damage done ! Now yourself in the sanctum, and, after whistling 1 favourite tune, ask the editor for the paper he is reading, or entertain him with some long winded harangue or something which interest! you', not him. Follow these directions closely or the spirit of them, and you'll certainly T popular with the printers American Pope Abab Vengeance. Au Arab, in All geria caught another Arab committing adult tery with his wife, and killed him. The family of the victim demanded the prosecution of the assassin ; but, as the Arab code allows an outraged husband to kill an adulterer! the French authorities did not think right to authorize it, but they ordered Khehl pay the dia, or price of blood, to the victim's! family. The brothers of the deceased, thought such reparation is considered satisfactory by Arabs, refused to accept it, and publicly, announced that they would take vengeance on the murderer. One night, Abdallah, who was more exasperated against the man than the others, lay wait for him in a solitary spot,! and attacking him with a sword, killed him He then, with his weapon still dripping with blood, went to the French authorities, and I stated what he had done. He was greatly] astonished on being taken into custody, and J ordered tor trial. The tribunal acquitted | him. An Es Eaipeeob. Defending his Gah benefit was characteristic of him that he j defended this territory from invasion with as a much jealousy as if it formed a portion of a dominion within which a throne of his own was created. Pigs, kids, or fowls would ever cross the sacred frontier. They paid dearly for their intrusion. The imperial (on Hug piece laid them low. The noblest enemy against whom he had to contend was a bull now and then, who, having a contempt for his fences, would break through, and commence pasturing on the imperial grass. The rifle, or the fowling-piece, again rendered justice to the lord of the domain, who became so fond of using his weapon, and firing right and left, whenever he fancied that he was assailed, that some anxiety was at length aroused, and Sir Hudson actually sent a hypothetical case home for the opinion of the counsel for the Crown, wherein it was asked that, supposing a life were lost by the dangerous amusement indulged in by " General Bonaparte," could the latter be made amen- able to law, and the penalties attaching to murder or manslaughter be exacted from him It would have been an extraordinary close to such a career the Emperor crowned by a Pope, had finished as a convict at Bot- any Bay, or by a more disagreeable catastrophe at the hands, of the island Calcraft at St. Helena-st. Doran. Vicissitudes of Swedish Royalty. The son of Eric XIV merits a word of notice in this place His destiny was remarkable. He was born in 1868, and had been declared heir to the throne. On the death of his father he was carried out of Sweden, and he found a poor refuge in Poland. So great was his destitution that he was compelled to hire himself out as an ostler, aid the crown prince gained a wretched subsid- ence by looking after horses and cleaning out stables. But young Gustavus Ericson could not long endure such a life, even though his identity was unknown. He was a scholar, and resolutely made his way to Prague, where he gave lessons to the students of that then learned city. He attempted, but without success, to reach the dwelling-place of his mother, but the price was put upon his head by his uncle John. The son of John Sigismund, then King of Poland, gave him an asylum in the latter country, and added thereto the revenue of an abbey, whereby he might support his life with dignity. Even at that remote period, Muscovy longed to remove her neighbour's landmark, and the czar proposed to establish Gustavus Ericson as King of Finland, on condition that he would declare war against Sweden, Gustavus patriotically refused to accede to this proposition, but he accepted the hospitality of Russia, and took up his residence within that empire, He fell upon evil times. The "Demetrius" rose to temporary power, and in the troubles which ensued, the son of Eric was thrown into prison, whence he was not released for many years, and then only to end his days in misery and indigence, at Koschin, in 1907. He would have been a happier man had he not lived within the chances of ascending a throne ; but with all the temptations which that circumstance brought to win him from contentment, and render him restless, his scientific knowledge was very considerable Monarch Retired from Business. By Dr. Doran. The House was Haunted. The age of superstition has not yet departed for during the past week strange rumours were afloat that the old Bull and Dog Tavern, in the High-street, Sunderland, was haunted by the ghost of the late landlord, Mr. Barron, who died suddenly a short time ago, without a will, leaving property to the amount of £16 000, which it is said will revert to the Crown. Several superstitious persons openly asserted that they had seen the spectre in various shapes, and it was also stated that the people of the house were afraid to live in it, and that the relations of the deceased had offered a reward of £100, to any two men who would sleep in the house, and guard them from the entrance of the fearful apparition. So great was the credit accorded to these rumours, that two stalwart fellows, from Mr. Hartley's glass works, offered to stay in the haunted house, but they were not admitted. On Wednesday night, soon after dark, peoples began to assemble in front of the house and about eight o'clock it was estimated that there could be no fewer than 3,000 persons occupied in gazing at the window of the haunted house. About nine o'clock, the shadows of two gigantic figures, strangely attired, one armed with a battle axe, and the other with a sword, were thrown upon one of the window curtains, and believed to be the forms of visitants from the spiritual world. The spectres engaged in a furious combat, which lasted some time. At length the swordsman passed his weapon through his antagonist's body, whereupon the women in the crowd uttered loud shrieks. We are in formed that the spectres seen at the window were officers of an Odd Fellows' Lodge, meeting in the house, and that the combat was a lark got up by two of the brethren after the lodge had closed. Sunderland lines. The Standard of the Prophet. the Constantinople correspondent of the Morning Post writes :-" A serious affair connected with the garments has happened to discom- pose the Turk community. The clothes of the Prophet, which, with the Holy Standard, were preserved with religious care in that part of the Old Scrnglhi called Tap Capes, have suddenly disappeared. The hereditary guardian of the sacred apparel, has confessed that, moved by regard for the articles themselves, he bundled the whole of them one night into the Marmora to save them from the paling tion of the present infidel rulers of the empire Certain it At that nothing short of ft nirMttj can now restore to the followers of the Prophet 1 those objects of supreme veneration throughout the Mahommedan world. There is no calculating what may be the result of this most untoward event, which the Porte is particularly desirous to keep quiet-the culprit who committed the sacrilegious act having been saved from immediate execution by the hope, in sparing him, of discovering whether he has accomplices, and if a political conspiracy may not be at the bottom of the crime. It is nevertheless true that the Standard of the Prophet is no longer in existence, and that should a holy war hereafter require to be declared, some substitute must be found for that rallying point of the faithful." A Man Pawned pea Three Shillings. -We removed our household gods and goods on one occasion, " in the springtime of the year," to Number Seventy, seventh- street, two doors from the First-A venue. By-the-bye an inconvenient direction to give ; " for once a man " he took a load of hickory wood for us up to Seventy-seventh-street, two doors from First-avenue mistaking the number for the name of the street 1) We had at last got " all moved." It was the second day of May, and very warm and we had been hard at work since morning, " putting things to rights," hanging pictures in the sanctum, c, assisted by an old friend, the " strangest creature' that ever was" and the handiest man about a house "-six feet and upwards in height, and stalwart in proportion. By and by we became an hungered. Dinner was out of the question in the house ; so, " accoutred as we were" without a vestment, save under- clothes and thin sack-coats, are repaired to a restaurant, at the head of the street, kept by a "eoloi'dgemman." Everything looked neat and tidy; and we ordered two nice "stew of oysters, and two glasses of pale ale. All were forthcoming, and presently devoured with abundant relish. " How much are we to pay' "Three shillings, gentlemen." We felt for our change ; but vest pocket there was none, because there was no rest. We explained to our friend our " fix," and asked him to disburse. But, as Dogberry says, ' 'Fore heaven, we were both in a case ?" He had left his waistcoat behind, in the pocket of which he was wont to carry alike bank- notes and small silver, and " hadn't ii ist red cent." We put on our hats, remarking that the money should be sent up at once from the house. " No," said the sable reste Fleur, " I want my money now. I don't keep inter-house of tick." We explained that we had just moved into the street, and gave him the number ; repeating that, by mere chance, we happened not to have the money. " Can't help that," was the surly reply : " seen such chaps as you afore." Our tall friend began to be " rifled." Drawing himself up to his full height, he said, " Do I look like a man who would cheat you out of three shillings ?" The negro gave his long tailed stewpan a shake over the grate, and, ran a rapid glance over the questioner and replied, " Yes, I think you do any way, I want my money !" How do you think we got it, reader ? Why, we left our tall friend in pawn ; wickedly prolonged his confine- ment, "just for fun ;" and finally redeemed him. How loftily he walked down the street after his discharge and how often we have laughed at so eminently presentable and " personable " a man being " placed in pawn for three shillings !" He has never forgotten it, and never will.-KnidtcrbocTccr. " Modern Athens The resemblance between Athens and Edinburgh, which has been remarked by most travellers who have visited both capitals, has conferred upon the Scotch metropolis the title of " Modern Athens." Stumt, author of the Antiquities of Athens, was the first to draw attention to this resemblance and his opinion has been confirmed by the testimony of many Inter writers. Dr. Clarke remarks that the neighbourhood of Athens is just the Highlands of Scotland enriched with the splendid remains of art; and Mr. H.W. Williams observes, that the distant view of Athens from the AEgean Sea is extremely like that of Edinburgh from the Firth of Forth, though certainly the latter is considerably superior, From Time's,, Curiosities of History." Rent of an Island, The island of Bombay is held by a tenure totally different from that by which we hold any other part of our Indian dominions. It was part of the dowry of Queen Catherine, the neglected Portuguese consort of Charles II. His Majesty got it in the year 1861 and after eight years' possession, finding that he gained nothing by the poor place, he granted it to the East Indian Company, to be holden " of us And our heirs, as of the manor of East Greenwich, in free and common socage, at a rent of ten pounds in gold, payable yearly." This spot, rented at £10 a year, in perpetuity, 'in years ago, now contains a town with a population of 100,000 souls, has a trade valued in exports and imports at £14,000,000, and is the seat of a subordinate government extend- ing over 10,000,000 of people. (Edinburgh Review, No. 20i>.)-From Times' Curiosities of History." 