CANTON fitJrt-T.'Tsrr . . Every resident, be he married or sino-le, has his "major domo," his " comprador," a long tailed sleek Chinaman, who is his general agent, keeps his money, pays his Dins, uuuo cm ma niiuiiuung, nires Ins ser vants and stands security for their honesty, and of course cheats him unmercifully. The advantage is, that he does not allow any one else to cheat him. My friend thus introduced me to his comprador : "You see gentleman, — you tawkee one piecy cooley, one piecy boy — larnt pigeon, you savey, no number one foolo —you make see this gentleman — you make him house pigeon." This was said with great rapidity, and in my innocence I believed that my friend was speaking Chinese fluently, 'He was only talking Canton English. Translated into the vernacular it would stand — " You see thi3 gentleman, — you must en gage for him a coolie and a boy — people who understand their business, you know,- not stupid fellows ; you will bring them to him, and then manage to get him a lodging and furnish it." To whom the polite comprador re plied : — "Hab got. _ 1 catchee one piece coolie, catchee one piecey boy. , House pigeon number one dearo, no hob got. Soger man hab catchee house, pigeon." " Must got." " Heuigh." ' r , The -basis of the Canton English— which is a -tongue and a literature, for there are dictionaries and grammars to elucidate it, consists of turning the " r" into the "1," adding final vowels to every word, and a constant use of " savey," for "know," "talkee" for "speak,'' "piecy" for " piece," " number one" for " first- class," but especially and above all the continual employment of the word " pi geon." Pigeon means business in the most extended sense os the word. " Hea ven pigeon hab got," means that church service has commenced; "Jos pigeon" means the Budhist ceremonial; "Any pigeon Canton ?" means " Have any op erations taken place at Canton ?" " That no boy pigeon, that coolie pigeon," is the form of your servant's remonstrance if you ask him to fill your bath or to take a letter. It also means profit, advantage, or speculation. " Him Wang too much foolo, him no savey, vely good pigeon hab got," was the commentary of the Chinese pilot upon the Fatshan Creek business. Until you can not only speak this langu age fluently, but also, which is far more difficult, to understand it when spokenra- pidly in a low monotonous voice, all communication with your servants is im possible. The secofid morning after I had been installed in my dwelling, my new boy Ah Lin, who sleeps on a mat outside my door, and whom I suspect to live principally upon successful rat hunts, for he knocks down about three per diom with a bamboo pole as they run about the room— this Ah Lin, drawing up my mos quito curtains, presenting me with the 6 o clock cup of tea, and staring at me with his little round eyes, gravely remarked, " Missa: Smith one small piecy cow child hab got" 1 It was a long time before I comprehended that, it being part of a boy's duty, to inform his master of the so- . cial events, of the .colony, he wished- to give me to understand that Airs. Smith had presented her husband with a young daughter. Parisian Theatricals. — Under the fan tastic. title La Legend de'LTomme sans Tetei a drama even more, fantastic has ; been produced at the Ambigu-Comique. . A Heidelbergh student named Oswald Lanz, who is remarkable for his capacity in swallowing beer, and whose habits dif- ' fer but little from those of a highway robber,' is the hero of the strange tale. This Oswald is so replete with life, that he cam use' hisjsuperabundant vitality af- . ter - a fashion that we should now call mesmeric ; and Olivia the betrothed of a certain Count Walter, is so completely under his influence, that when he desires her preisence she must instantly obey his tacit command; even if he would obtain .her. as his partner in a waltz, she dances from the effect of his fascination. This influence, however, is not sufficient for Oswald ; and placing himself at the head of his fellow students, he stops the car- ; riage in which the lady and her betrothed are travelling, and would carry her off, were he not checked by the military, and consigned to prison. Here the singular part of the story begins. Dr. Strass an old adept in the occult sciences, requires a subject endowed with Oswald's vigor for the purpose of making a novel exper iment ; and he accordingly treats with I the student, who is condemned to death, I for the purchase of his body. Oswald I uses the money he receives in an attempt I to escape, but his efforts do not succeed ; I he is duly decapitated, and his head and I body become the property of Dr. Strass, I who simply reunites them, and thus ren- 1 ders Oswald as strong as ever. Taking I advantage of his marvellously good for- I tune, the mended man proceeds to the I nuptial feast of Olivia and Walter, scares I away the guests, kills the bridegroom in I single combat, and marries the young I widow. But supernatural privileges are i not all on the side of Oswald. If lie can 1 walk vigorously about after the process of 9 decapitation, the ghost of Walter can rise 1 ham its grave and mar all its scheme of 9 happiness. A most pertinacious spectre, i Oswald would talk to his Olivia of love, 1 but thegliost always comes between them; 1 bo would presB her hand, but finds that 1 J'c shakes hands with the ghost instead ; be loudly calls for a song in the midst of 9 a banquet, when, lo ! the ghost is the I sn?ger, and executes a ballad about a man without a head, which is considered per- tonally offensive, — so much so indeed that II Oswald tries to run the ghost through the || body, but kills Olivia instead. Our hero H aow becomes blasphemous, defying the 8 power of Heaven, and invoking that of the opposite region. The clicnious accept his invitation and dauce round him, while at a distance lie sees. Olivia surrounded by angels in the- realms of bliss. In vain does he attempt to approach her ; the dae mons press upon- him on all sides, and when, at Jast, lie sinks exhausted, liis head, which has again become detached from .his, body,, is picked up by a fiend, and grins at the audience as the curtain 'falls...- :: -/ The happy cooks of this exceedingly broth, are M. E. Briseberre and E. Nus. . They derived their idea from a German legend, .which : has : formed the subject of a rude ballad. Headless folks are likewise common in the popular tra ditions of Ireland. 