V. ' THE GLASGOW POISONING. '" /' The .trial of Miss Madeleine Smith, for, the 'murder of her former lover, a young French- ,'man named L'Angelier, commenced before, the High Court of Justiciary, at Edinburgh, on the 80th of June. 1 t .Madeleine Smith, or Madeleine Hamilton Smith, the- prisoner, a very young la'dy of short stature and slight form, with, features sharp and prominept, and restless.,aiid /sparkling eye, stopped up the stair into the dock' with all/the buoyancy with which she might .have entered the box of a theatre. During the whole', day she maintained a firm and unmovea appearance. Her perfect self-possession, indeed, could only be accounted for either by a proud conscious ness of innocence, or by her possessing an al most unparalleled amount of self control. Al together she had a most attractive appearance, and . her very - aspect and demeanor seemed to advocate her cause. The indictment charged Miss Smith with three attempts to murder Entile L'Angelier on the 19th or 20th of February, and on.the 22nd or 23rd of February ; and lastly, on the 22nd or JJrd.'ot March, by administering arsenic ;or some other poison to him in cocoa, coffee, or some other food, and that these three attempts had been made in. her father's'house,. Blyths- wood-square, Glasgow. (It is. necessary in following the evidence to bear carefully in" re-' collection the dates, especially, the last; which was the eve off the death of L'Angeleir/aiid re fers to the place where the poison was alleged -to have been'administered.' ; " ' / The p'ris'oii'er 'pleaded ' Nbt'guilty" in a- firm voice. ' , The facts ;of. the'; case aS|elicited on the trial are. as follows:— Miss Smith, a girl, of 21,. of respectable family, formed a too intimate con nection with M. L'Angelier; a. clerk in a com mercial house, whose proposals for her hand had been declined by her father. After this hud continued for' about a twelvemonth, her love seems to have cooled ; and another and more suitable, offer being made to her, she ac cepted it, and wrote word to her old lover, who thereupon threatened to show her letters to her parents. Alarmed by this threat, she endea voured to make it up with him; asserting that there was no ground for the report ofapproaeh.- ing marriage, and vowing that she would niarry no 'one but himself. ./ Twice after visits to her he seems. to have gene home terribly ill, with all .the symptoms of poisoning; with ar- senic; at last, after an interview which is ima gined, but not proved, -to have taken place, he died, and arsenic enough to have killed 20 men was found in his stomach. Mrs. Jenkins, ib whose 'house L'Angelier lodged, described the symptoms of his illness on three different occasions. Witness described a series 'off violent 'fits of vomiting and purging, which terminated in the young man's death about- nine 'o'clock in the morning. She had sent for a doctor, and at L'Angelier's request, for his friend, Miss Perry. Witness did not know or ask /where .he had been. -, Some 500 letters, including many of Miss Smith's and Miss Perry's, were found in the de ceased's repositories. The medical witnesses proved that a post mortem examinatioa of the body yielded 88 grains of arsenic; and that the. symptoms at tending- the death; were ' consisteiit with death by poison. Mr. Auguste Vauvente de Mea, chancellor to the French Consul in Glasgow, proved the iutimacy which existed between L'Angelier and Miss Smith. M . de Mea saw Miss Smith shortly after deceased's death, when she denied huvingseen L'Angelier on the Sunday evening, lie questioned her about the letter received by deceased at the Bridge of Allan/ on account of which he had cqmc home, and asked her how she could explain it, she beiug engaged to another man. She said she had made the ap pointment for Saturday evening, which he did not keep ; and her purpose in writing to hi in was to try to get back her letters. Miss Mary Jane Buchanan; said that-on the 6th of March she went with- Miss Smith to a druggist's, and Mis3 Smith bought sixpenny- worth of arsenic', which she said was to kill rats; The shop man required Miss Smith to sign her name, and she did so. 1 William Murray, servant to Mr. Smith,. de posed- to having been sent by Miss Smith to: Dr. Yeoman, about four month ago, for a phial of prussic acid, which she said she wanted for her hands. Dr. Yeoman, (who corroborated, this witness)' refused to give it, unless Miss Smith' came herself, which she did not. Mr. Murdoch, a druggist, proved having sold ttf Miss Smith sixpenny- worth of arsenic, which was charged to her father. ; Mr. H. Minnock said ho lived in the, samo house with Miss Smith. He paid his addresses to her; and she accepted his proposal of mar; riage on the 28tli of January, and they arran ged more particularly on the 12th of March; He had no idea that she had any engagement with another man. The.; marriage was fixed, for the ISth of June; On the Saturday follow ing, March 28th, he heard 'a'' rumour that something was wrong. She said she had yvrit-: ten to M. L'Angelier to: get back letters which she had written to him. She said no more then. Witness 6uw her on- the- Sunday and Monday, and on Tuesday she alluded to the rumour that M. L'Angelier had been, poisoned/ and she remarked that she had been in the ha bit of buying arsenic, as she had learnt at Clapton school that it was .'good for the com plexion., ; ' Mr. Kennedy, clerk in- the .same office with L'Angelier, was also cognizant of the attach-- munt. ;l- - - Throughout these three days' proceedings,; Miss Smith maintained her self-possession- and air of perfect 'confidence unaltered, The only restlessness'o'r- anxiety she betrayed was' on the .third dayj when the examination took place of her school,. companion,. Miss .Buchanan, who was tohave been her bridesmaid, and Mr. Mi.n? nock, tq whom she was engaged, and ;who, it is said, has been prepared throughout, intheevent of an acquittal; -to marry her immediately after the trial; This 1 eta'ot ibb , lio wever, was ' slight and fugitive, and the next day she appeared as fresh and aniuiatecl as before. ' Tlie evidence Brought- forward on- the fourth; day was not of material importance. ; Christiana Mackenzie was a- servant in Mr;1 Smith's /family,./' Miss Smith had shown", lier! a French, gentleman, who she said was a friend of -hers:"- - He had; visited her wlien they - lived in India-street, -He used to' como in by.'. the back gate ; at night, about three or four times. He did not, to her' knowledge, come into the house. 'The most'1 important feature in this witness's testimony was that on Sunday. -night the 22nd of March; she well remembered Mao- kenzio. (her husband); going' away bjt'the" back' door, aud she shut 'the outer door after /him/ She left Miss Smith on . that' evening in- the dining room after prayers, and saw her no more that night; . : . ' ! . ..:;; ! Charlotte M/Lean, cook, deposed also to the fact , that Miss Sraith was at family worship on Sunday evening, 22nd March. Nothing had attracted her attention that night, and it was near 1 1 o'clock before she went to bed. Two or three witnesses were called with re ference to' L'Angeiiers movements on the night of the 22nd. One deposed to having ecen him going in the direction of Blythswood- squarc, aboiit nine o'clock ; he was walking slowly. Another witness proved that at twenty minutes after nine he had called at a house within five minutes' walk of Blythswood-square. The night constable who knew L'Angelier personally was on his beat on the night of the 22nd, and did not see him that night. He saw him for the -last time between nine and ten o'clock at night, sometime about the beginning. or- middle of March. ; ' Miss Perry said, on the 9th of March he de clared his attachment was an infatuation, and that if She were to poison him he would forgive her. - Witness reproved him for such thoughts, and; asked what motive she could possibly have ?.r, He said, "I don't know, perhaps she might not be sorry to get rid of me." All .this was said in earnest. On the 4th of July, and fifth day of the trial after a re-cxaoiinntion of Dr. Chris.tison respec ting the action of arsenic, the vast mass of let ters; from Miss Smith to L'Angelier,- showing the whole history of their intimacy, was put in and i read.- The trial' occupied the court for a nine days.' Thirty-one witnesses were examined 'for the defence;-" The- evidence wenfl'chiefly to- show that deceased had frequently threatened to commit suicide. Janet Smith, sister -of -the prisoner, proved that they went to bed at the same time and slept together oh the Sunday, the 22nd of March. The jury, returned a verdict of "Not guilty" on the first count, and " Not Proven'' on the second and third. ' : A loud and long, continued burst of applause followed the announcement of the verdict, but was immediately suppressed. ' During the awful moments between the re turn of the jury into court, and the giving of their verdict; the prisoner betrayed hot the least emotion, but on its delivery she Breathed a heavy sigh which appeared to give her much .relief. Lord. Brougham,.- — Lord Brougham, who was a prodigy in his babyhood, a pheomenon in youth,, and a miracle in mature age, grows more and more wonderful the older he gets. Hitherto he has been unlike. every body else in the world, and now he is unlike himself, that is, the self of this time last year. These last few months in France have-effected such a mu tation, that his own Grafton street looking- glass must have been electrified with the reflec tion of the change. . Id what docs this change consist? In everything, from, boots to beard, from, skin. to clothes: the voice alone being immutable, the old mulipotent-piped organ, the amazing voice of Yaux. In the first place, he is as brown as Mr. Borrow's hero of Ro many Roy, the gipsey gentleman ; and he cul tivates that color in his general attire, which is altogether finished with an elegance of Parisian art that must fill the soul of that senatorial snip, -Donald Nicoll, M.P., with despairing envy. Rather let us say, in speaking of a per son of measures, the ninth part of a soul ; for -if it take the bodies of nine tailors to make a man the same ratio should hold good in a spi ritual sense ; consequently the ghost of a tailor should find no difficulty in performing the feat said to be so inconvenient to a camel, in refe rence to a promenade through the eye of a needle. A chocolate velvet waistcort, traversed by a gold fillagrec chain at once massive and fantastical, covers the Lord Harry's chest. His trousers (they are trousers now, and not like the sleeves of a night shirt with legs in them) are braided down the sides-with the same ma terial — not gold fillagree, hut velvet stripes ; while the front is also slashed in the neighbor hood of the pocket holes with similar stripes, in a semi-military and very striking fasnion — frogged, as one may say, but not in a fashion to gall the semi-Gaul. Patent polished boots and a wax fitting frock complets the ensemble of Beau Brougham, for Beau he is, and would make Moses and Sons' fortune if he stood for an, hour or two of a Sunday morning in the Minorios, wlien and where Caucasians most do congregate. Moreover, he has grown posi tively handsome. The mobile nose is at rest, and is no looger pugnacious. He seems to have got hold of the secret of Baron Dupuy- Iren'shirsu.e pommade, for his hair has taken a fresh, start all round his head, leaving the crown bald like that of a Capuchin friar, in fact, lie would do for anew copy of Pius VllinWilkie's pictute of the Pope and Nopoleori at Fontaine- bleau, only he is not fat, and the idea of a lean pontiff, one whose poll should be worthy of three hats, is intolerable. Altogether Brougham is an altered man, and infinitely for the better. If he goes on at the same rate for a few score years longer, as be seems to have made up his mind to do, , wings will sprout out of him, and he/will be the fac-simile of a seraph (a Scotch seraph, ofcourso), much before ho has reached the age of-Methusalem. — London Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion. Advertising in Paris. — Our readers may have noticed, in a, shop in the Rue de Rivoli, a curious system of advertising — namely,, painted advertisements, illustrated with figures on can vas,, which, by an ingenious mechanism, con stantly rolls before the spectator. The propri etor of tliis shop, M. Roch, was summoned be fore the tribunal of correctionel police, to an swer the charge of having, by the said exhibi tion;'; violated the law relative to bills— first,, by, not having obtained an authorisation to stick up the advertisements ; secondly, by not hav ing paid thereou. M. Roch contended that the law ..was not applicable to him, inasmuch.as at, the time it was passed his system of adver tising was uot invented;; nnd inasmuch, also, as he had taken out a patent for that system ; he also maintained that no authorisation and no payment of duty were necessary, inasmuch as! his advertisements 1 were : exhibited,- not in the ! public streets, but in a shop for which he paid rentA : But. the tribunal- declared that he had' violated the law.'" and finding that he had exhibited twenty-two different advertisements. it fined him 2200 hdLtica.—Galignani's j Wessen- gerJ . . ' Jit is said her Majesty, the Queen, will pay a visit to the Emperor of the French, at Foutaine- bleau, at the beginning of September, and will stay .there, about ten days. His Imperial High ness Prince Napoleon., is on . a visit to this country.- He has, just returned from: Ireland, unci ho is now in Manchester, inspecting, the Fine Arts Exhibition. ' iThc Duke of Marlborough died on the 1st inst., ht Blenheim House, "Woodstock. The Marquis of Blandford, who lias acquired some notoriety, by dabbling, in ecclesiastical matters, succeeds to the title and estates. -On the 2nd inst., the Earl of Mornington. died, after a brief illness. This no-, blemau, who at one time was in the enjoyment of an income of £100,000 a-ycar,had latterly been dependent upon the bounty of his friends, 