: 3HE£BOVBX£ -ELXTSI DOIITGS. : ? Bt Nimhod'b Gho3t. A continuance of rain from Thursday till Saturday morning mads rather half- water grog of tho spirits of those not fully seasoned sportsmen who increaso tho general muster on fine days, and, consequently, few but tho 'regulars' assembled it the ' Devonshire Arms.' However, the clerk of tho weather graciously forbore from Riving any annoyanco during the afternoon, an i turned over his province oi wet ' distribution to tho nott of tbe above mentioned pub. Soon after two o'clock, about a ecoro of horasmen obeyed the master's order to mount, and trotted off towards Mr. Campbell's paddocks and vineyard, in the neighbourhood of which a stag, which was lost last year had been seen within a day or two. On casting round, tho hounds showed by their scattering and eager ranging that game had been about, but too long since to have left moro than tho faintosi token behind. However, though his,lair of the night pre vious was distinctly visible, it was doomed unwise to waste time bo late in the afternoon by prolonging the ?oarch'after his day'B route, and the pack were headed towards the ,beach. Some fun took placo before the entire field could reach the high road, as a line of threa f once3 had to bo crossed ; these were nothing to our half dozen first-flight men, but they wero serious impedi ments to many, who had neither the nags nor the nerves for timber. To add to their unfortuuate predicament, an enraged potty farmer, followed by a shrewish wife, and sundry men-servants and maid-servants, all arnod with various deadly instruments, such as pitchforks and frying-pans, threatened an attack on tho rear ; and clas «ical ideas fitted across their mind3 as toScyllaand Charybdis. Luckily for their future famo, Mr. C. charged vigorously the first fence, and smashed tho top rail ; this let tho outsiders out of immediate danger, and, as he generously twice performed tho kvuio feat, the ox Sonses for actions of ' assault and battery' are still in efinitcly postponed. Mr. C. had to receive many thanks and congratulations, and Beveral swore roundly that thoy would always follow him, for he was sure ' to go through.' The GhoBt, however, begs to differ with them, for ho belioves that gentleman's pluck will toon forco his horse ' to go ovtr.' Shortly after reaching the hoath on the sea-sido, tho hounds showed by their waving stern i and occasional whimpcrs-that game was afoot. At an encouraging cheor from tho. master, thoy Bottled in a cluttcron a hot scent, and rattled away at racing paoo in a line with tho coast After two miles or so, a bend inland was made, and it wai evident that cros3-country work was coming. Al though tho going was very fast, the field had kept well together, as tho galloping gronnd wascood, though through a thick short scrub ; but tho first fence divided them. This was not from absolute finking, but from the lino tho bounds were taking, as it was impossible now to avoid leaping if any ono wished to seo the sport Several BtifTuns were well cot over by the mistor. and Messrs. Swire, James, Bignell, Anslow, Cswper, Groen, and the Ghost, when the mister's nag made a mistake by lauding in a drain, and gave him a jjra^cr. Those near est to him galloped after hishorsc, which was soon caught; but by the time ho had vaulted iuto the pigskin, the pack had got away without the whipper-in, S-am having pulled up to assist Mr. Watson. The Ghost, who wai riding a very hard puller, was holding a fow lengths behind, when the spill occurred, and hod tho consequent luck to see the hounds turn off at a sharp angle and head naarly back. Noticing at a glance that the muter mm unhurt, be slued to the ri^bt and wu Boon in closa company with tho pack, Mr. 'Williams and two nonmem bers of the hunt using also equally fortunate. After a gallop of about a niilo, with only two modtrato fences in tho way, tho dingo was viewed in tho open ; but being dead-boat he was afraid to fa:o it, and turned a ihort half -circle towards an old log fence, under which he crawled just as the hounds were all but on him. Hero ho crouched, snarling and defending liimsolf from the eager pick, till, by dint of the lash they wero driven off, and his life spared as tha master was not up. A ?tucession of ' whoo-oops 1' that ought to liave caused the. dead Tom Moody to ariso, failed to reach the hearing of tho absent elite; so, as wo wero within sight of the Cheltenham Hotel, it wai wisely decided that a nobblor would be advisable Af tor waitmg tbero »ome timo -without any signs of tho ab sentees, a start was mado homewards, aud a railo from the pub. we fell in with tho main body, who wero bound in tho same direction. As it was mar sunset, and a long way from town, tho pack were immtxliattly sent the shortest way to kennel, and wo wearily plashed along tho. apology for a high road which tho rain had turned into couscoutivo bog and water-holes But sports men don't caro' for trifling discomforts, and those who had been somowhat disappointed at missing the finish of the day's run, forgot thoir troubles in tho anticipation of tho fun promUoi at the coming Tue«da/» wild etag hunt. TUESDAY'S SPORT. In tho ancieut Greek tragedies it was tho custom of the chorus to commenco their apostrophise with such lamentable exclamations as 'Ehou! .then!' 'Alas! Alas!' or 'G'°f ' Grief I' In that peculiarly ox bo exemplified %j the term ' botheration ! ' and the Ghost adopts the lattor vernacular as the prefix to his present lucubration. Botheration, then, to it ! the poor G!i03t being sud denly disanpoiutcd iu a mount, was unable to make one of tbo lucky fow who assemblod at tho 'Devonshire Arms,' with the laudable intention of disturbing the aforesaid stag from hU heathy couch, ere the sun had fairly roused him Sixteen horsemen, most of them members of tho Club, took a hurried snack with the worthy Boniface at poop of day, and thon steered their way towards Mr. Campbell's viuoyard. In every liktly direction, and through every tempting cover, the eager pack were tiirown by tho anxious master, but blank waa the vexing result The immediate country being closely foncod, there was a gotd deal of jumping to do, but tho work was managed pretty clevorly by all but one or. two, and these found kind friends to assist them in thoir difficulties. After throe hours being wasted with out a feather or a whisper, it was decided to inako for tho Cheltenham Hotel and obtain a just admixture of solid and liquid refreshment. This being duly performed, tho word was given 'Tohorso!' and the inajtcr trotted f'jehounda off to to tho favourite kangaroo corcrU about thrco milos in the back hush. After casting about f«r loss than an hour, occasional challenges and answering whimpers told of game having boon lately afoot ; bnt tho ncont wai cold, and required absolute ' nicking up.' True to tho instincts of nature, the gallant hounda worked over tho ground with steady determination, and the held Wero in ocstades to note the care with which eaoh kept his nosd to tho earth till, certain of speaking truth, ho throw up his head and uttered a musical decla ration. Soon the darlings kit upon a cntain drag, and slowly ran it without mistake for a couple of miles. 'Without neoding a cast they again picked it up, and earriod tho scent on at an improving pace for noarlyhalf an hour, when another check gave breathing- time to man, horse, and dog. In a fow minutes, however, a burst of melody told that a burning trail wai hit off: away tho entire pack dashed, as if impollod- l-y galvan ism, »nd a kangaroo was shortly lighted. Pait thoB»ld Hill, through the paddocks near Oakleigh, buck to tha hill, aud round the Cheltenham bunh, with »n occasional viow and ' Tallyho !' tho merry hunt streamed away, and it was getting ' bellows to mend' when tho long-tailed 'un gave in from sheer exhaustion. Kcarly all tho field wore well up, but another mile or so would havo told a different tale, and 'twas lucky tho flyor dropped before the cquiues were quite 'pumped out.' All wero delighted with their day's fun, and expressed thomielvcs in ihe highest termB of admiration as to tho way tho hounds found, worked, and ran down thoir game. As yot, therefore, this is the red lotter of the season, and tho onvious Ghost again exclaims, 'Botheration to it!' ?'.' ' ' ' 