WESTERN DISTRICTS. J (Prom the Bathurst free Pren of Wednesday.) ' Mn«, TüTTON,-Tho unloriunow loroaiu wuu uuu»>. the victim to a murderous assault on the night of tl Queen's birthday is still in a very hopeless state. C Monday she rallied a little and oppoared something bc ter, still remaining, however, in a stato of unoonsciou noss, but yesterday followed a relapso which renders h reoovery a matter of oonsidorable doubt. -This affa bas attracted a good deal of attention in town, and tl goneral feeling is that there is something mysteriot abont the matter, and that no stone should bo left ui turned to bring the guilty party to justice. We pe ceive that a reward of £50 is offered for the apprehen- sion and conviction of the sooundrel whose hand oon milted the atrooious deed. FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT. A melancholy accident whioh terminated in the death of a ma named Garvey, commonly known as Scotchy ooourred about 3 o'olook yesterday afternoon So far as we have been able to gather tho faots, it ar, . poars that tho deceased was engaged by a person name Cheshire to obtain for him o quantity , of gravel from th Sit'at the rear of the look-up. Whilst doing so, fror is incautiously . proceeding too far under tba embank ment, tho earth above bim gavo way and fell on bir before ho bad time to make his escape. On his boin dug out immediately afterwards, he was found to hav been literally smashed by the immense weight of cart] ; which'had fallon on bim, almost evory bono in bis bod; being broken' in several places, and the entrails pro truding. . ? ' SortoioAi.-A difficult oase of amputation took plaoi on Friday last, in whioh Dr. Machattie operated upot " the breast of Mrs. Wallis, of Bathurst, who had for somi timo been suffering from cancer.'1 The unfortunate .Sufferer bore the tortures of the knife withgreat forti tude, and never uttered a moan until the operation wa! completed. We- understand that sha is progressing ai favourably as could bo oxpeoted, considering the natur« of her case. .-.,.> * ''Semons ACCIDENT.--A few days ago a person named . ? Ffttrlok Fogarty, who resides in the neighbourhood o Mount Pleasant, was doing something at hit dray whioh ' was propped up with ona of the ' wheels'off, when'thc prop gavo way and the dray felt upon his back, indicting a vary severe injury upon the spine and'otherwise in- juring him. Wo learn, . however, from Dr. Machattie that ho is gradually recovering from, the offoots and will shortly be in a position to resumo his work. . PALMER'S OAKEY CHEEK.-A 'i German who keops a store at Palmer's Oakey Creek sold a paroel of gold cou . faining 80 ounces at the Bank of Kew South Wales, in duding a beautiful nugget, completely freo from dross, and much'water-worn, weighing ll OKS. 0 dwts. Ho stated that the diggers in that .quarter were doing re- markably well, tho least fortunate making good wages ? and somo of them much more. The aharaoter of the gold is different from any we have hitherto seen. LAYING .THE FOUNDATION. STONE OF THE NEW WES- LEYAN CIIAPEI. AT MACQUARIE PLAINS.-On Monday the 1st instant, the foundation stone of a new Wesleyan '. ebapel, at Macquarie Plains, was laid by Mr. W. M.. Fulton, in tbs presence of an assemblage, of friends nnd supporters of the undertaking.' The building intended to bo erected "will bo a plain and substantial placo of worship-the size, 30 fuel by 2U ; the height of walls, 10 foot. It will bs built of brick, and /afford accommo- dation for 180 persons. Messrs. Atkins, Kerr.'a'nd Rae, of Bathurst, have the oontract for its.erodion, the total cost of whioh will be £700. Tho Rev. J. Oram com raenced tho proceedings by singing and prayer, after whioh be read tho first ohaptor of St. Peter's First Epistle A copy of tho document deposited was then read, and Mr. Fulton laid 'tho stono in the narao of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Another byran was then sung, whlob was. followed by addresses from the Rov. J. Oram, Messrs. Sweetnara, Carvossa, and Parker, at tho closo of which about 150 persons sat down to tea, which had been previously suppliod by Mrs. Fulton, Mrs. Major West, Mrs. Joseph Wast, senior, and Miss Hall. The amount contributed on thu occasion was about £20. 