REPRESENTATION OF THE CITY. 1 A public meeting of the friends and political supporters of Messrs. Michie and Moore took place yesterday evening at Coppin's Olympic Theatre and, to speak entirely within 1 bounds, there was rarely a meeting hold in which the speakers were rendered so on tirely inaudible by an excitable public The meeting was called for seven o'clock, a but by a quarter past six the doors of the place were literally beseiged. The meeting was termed, by Sundry excited a gentlemen, who did not know the time fixed, a hole-and-corner' proceeding, and, acting on this impression, they at once forced the doors, only to see Mr. Moore, and one or two other gentlemen, walking up and down by the footlights and conversing quietly. Once the doors were open the Theatre was filled with a rapidity perfectly surprising galleries, pit, and stalls being crowded to suffocation. A short time having elapsed, to allow of the first ebullitions of feeling and the perpetration of a deafening noise, a gentleman, with a decidedly Irish accent, called out, " Wliore'n the traitor?" This query was counterbalanced by a proposition of' "Three groans for Michie," an appeal partly ros , sponded to. The first voice then roofed, "Where's Lalor?" and the query was followed by a complete chaos of sound and con- j fusion. The appearance of Mr. Service, M.L.A., ', on the stage was the signal for renewed ox i cUcment, and a gentleman in the gallery j roared, "Go to your wife, Service, and don't come hem to show your figure." This sally was followed by a shout of approving laugh to r, with a pretty strong mingling of hisses. In the midst of the uproar, Mr. \VM. LITTLE came forward to the front of the stage. As soon as he could obtain, a hearing he said: However we may differ in opinion in this meeting, we are all perfectly satisfied, I have no doubt, that we shall agree BR to the necessity of having a chairman, (uproar, and cries of "No Cashmore.") Mr. LITTLE, after some pause, succeeded in making himself again audible. He said I am not going to nominate Mr. Cashmore ; I was about to propose that Mr. Francis take the chair. (Uproar, and cries of " No Squatters.") . Mr. FRANCIS came forward, but not a syllable of what he said was heard. Mr. MOORE came forward and was received with applause, waving of hats, and cries of " O'Shanassy. This lasted for some minutes, when Mr. MICHIE presented himself, and was received with a noise that de- fies description. It seemed, however that the plaudits predominated over the expressions of disapprobation. Ad all attempts to obtain a hearing were ineffectual Mr. Michie also retired, and was succeeded by Mr. WH. HULL, who, like his produces sor, was totally inaudible. Mr. MARSDEN then stood forward, and after a good deal of pantomimic action, for although he was speaking, not a word was heard, except " fair play, "I don't think that is right," and "Let me speak first," Mr Marsden ran to the side of the stage, and addressing some one below said, "If you want to speak, come up here and speak," This invitation was accepted by a person in a white coat and long boots, who was greeted on his mounting on the stage with loud cries of dor: sion and some marks of approbation. This gentleman, as we were informed, was Mr. DON, the first words of whose speech audible were "I come to bury cost not to praise him." A quotation which not a few of the audience responded to simultaneously by a cry of "Get out of that, Coser," and repeated reiteration of the name, as if calling a dog and afterwards cries of " Michie." Mr. MICHIE came to the front, but was quite inaudible, in the mingled uproar the ensued, and retired after a few seconds. Mr. BUTLER then came forward, amid comparative silence, and said he would support Mr. Don as a fit and proper person I represent the city. (Oh, and loud laughter Will you not stick by your fellows-the work highclass? said the speaker, when his voice was drowned by shouts for "Michie." Mr. M'CULLOCH, of Kilmore, seconded the proposal of Mr. Cutter, but for many minutes after his appearance nothing further than this was distinguishable Mr. MOORE also presented himself several times, but was unable to obtain a hearing being received with deafening uproar which lasted several minutes every time he a tempted to address the meeting. The remainder of the proceedings of the meeting was so disorderly that Mr. Rich and Mr. Moore, having at intervals attempt in vain to obtain a hearing, at about nine o'clock proceeded to their Committee-room at the Criterion Hotel, in Collins-street, a companied by a large number of their friends and supporters, when Mr CASHMORE was moved into the old and briefly stated the circumstances and which the present meeting was compared to adjourn from the Olympic Theatre in order that the gentlemen who sang the suffrages of the electors of the City Melbourne might have that fair and I partial hearing which had been dear to them at the most unexampled, packed, a partial meeting referred to. He would of occupy their time and attention at that h period of the night, but would at once into duce to them the gentlemen who now song their suffrages. Mr. MOORE was received with loud a prolonged applause. He said that, as the p vilege commonly, he was happy to B awarded to every Englishman had Deendoni to him and his colleague at the polite meeting which had been attempted to be b at the Olympic, he felt it due to himself a to his hon. friend Mr. Michie to state the considering the sympathy which existed tween them on general points, he was sent to stand or fall by him and his princip For he was quite prepared to adopt a jo policy, and stand with his friend, with who principles generally he so thoroughly c curred. He had been about to state to a noisy meeting, had they vouchsafed to h him, that he had been returned in Septom last at the head of the poll. But he did ; desire to use unnecessary exultation, altho he felt that he might fairly reckon that had a large majority in his favour amongst electors. But he might remark that throw out the whole of the recent debate on O'Shanassy Ministry out of the whole of constituency he had never had a single in bar of it wait upon him with a remonstrar therefore, had there been the great impress which it was alleged did exist that the legislature had not given them a fair trial, felt that he was entitled to believe that would have been waited upon upon the £ ject of some point of action which he 1 taken. All sorts of cries had been run against himself of inconsistency and if had been heard at the Olympic m ing, he intended to have explained them the principles by which he actuated in giving the various v which he did give, and to which, as understood, exception had been taken. however, referred to that faithful polit chronicle, The Victorian Hansard, from wl he would give them proof of the sincerity his principles. He would commence with first one, namely, the question of man's suffrage and he would object in that inst to what he could only describe as a system opposition at that time to the introduction such measures. He might also ment that the same principles which he opened on the hustings in September last remain unchanged and he would not have 1 afraid to go through every division in House upon which his name had appeared was a mistake to suppose that the occupy! of the cross benches had no settled poli principles. He would point to several fers in proof of his assertion, amongst others, to the celebre G rover case, and the Marsden case, I also to the unauthorised railway expondi He had, he confessed no particular symp with the flames Administration, but he was he did on the Emigration question or ground of a misstatement that in c quence of a considerable deficit it woud necessary to adopt a general system trenchant. He freely assented the vote should be mooted on I grounds, and he honestly ease the present meeting that he never expected it would have the effect which I have, and that his vote was intended protest only. The present meeting was, ever, aware of the result, which could have been otherwise than as it was. It diately subsequently overtures had made to him (Mr. Moore) by Mr. O'Shea and he then, without asking who likely to be his colleagues, stated he did not care to be associated those whom he believed them to and he did endeavour to convey to O'Shanassy a good-natured him, that, he did not care to take office, he would, had been induced to do so, have taken exception to some of the men he proposed. he also stated that he had already hinted that he had no desire for office under O'Shanassy Administration at the time the Collectorship of Customs was offered him. He felt that the men who coiiBti Mr. O'Shanassy's Ministry did deserve and did not possess his confid and, however good the measures which brought forward in their programme a years good undoubtedly they were not inclined to co-operate with them need hardly say to the meeting that it that the present Ministry was a squc Ministry had been raised merely for the pose of condemning the present Admin tion because there happened to be squ amongst its members. The hon. can then again applied himself to the ject of emigration, and referred Hansard, from which he quotes corroboration of his vote. With reason the office which had been conferred him in the present ministry, he did no tate to say that he would rather have taken the control of one of the offi- finance, and it was only at the last me after much persuasion, that he consented kept the office which he now filled, and at the time he did consent to accept : Ihconlyonounfilled. He would say for h and for his hon. colleagues in the pre administration that he and they, are a, promised to recede from the political tions which they had accepted, should found that they could be occupied by more likely zealously and efficiently to out their duties. He would at any in the reasons which he had stated, says tically and at once that he would records (the administration when it was believe such wise liberal and prudent measures "wife prepared to advocate could not be carried out by his co-operation in them. I Mr. MICHIE said he could assure them that the demonstration which they had that evening was by no means revolting or offensive to him, for on all public occasions he was not so . little self- possessed as to be offended at that '"natural, English,- and, he hoped, sincere ebullition of feeling, or inclined to take it as an insult to his political career in the colony. He should he sorry to acquire at the cost of such little ebullitions as these, the peace which was supposed to exist on account of the absence of such expressions of feeling in the de- spot countries of Austria or Russia. Give him the cabbage stump of Covent Garden, or the dead cats of the alleys of the city. or even the sweet voices which they had heard that evening, rather than such peace as ox l listed in Russia. (Cheers.) He was not the less satisfied, because they had by their kind adjournment from the other place, offered him an opportunity of making those personal explanations, which It appeared to be necessary in some quarters, should be furnished by himself. He did take a prominent part in ousting the late Haines' Administration, by seconding the motion of want of confidence, and he would do so again to morrow, and would he again able to justify such a pro-' receding as easily as he could that evening (Hear.) He seconded the motion as a wholesome expression of admonition and censure at the careless and reckless manner in which the public funds were proposed to be dealt with by that administration. At the instant of seconding the motion, he was not aware that would operate as a vote of want of confidence, but he confessed that before the debate had proceeded very far he saw more; distinctly, from the manner in which the motion was taken by Mr. Haines himself and by the other members of the House, that would have that effect. But it was no because Mr. Haines, in a splenetic moor chose to resent this vote, that he was going to turn round an shrink from its consequences. The result of the vote was that the Ministry went out He left the House that night, as all his actions subsequently showed, as utterly it different to office as he had been on the previous occasions, in two of which he has been offered the office of Solicitor-General and in the third the office of Attorney; General. On all of these occasions he v fused on the grounds that both his taste, and a certain extent his interest?, inclined him I stick to those duties in which it had please the public during the past four years to pi promise him. (Cheers.) The hon. and learned gentleman then proceeded at some length to refer to the course which he had take with reference to the O'Shanassy Administration and traversed similar ground to the taken by him in his speech on the recent debate. With reference to the observations which he felt it to be his duty to offer to the Assembly with reference to Mr. Foster, if c that occasion he had been in the capacity an advocate instead of a legislator, he should have referred Mr. Foster to the people's victim then sitting in the House (Mr. Lang: who, like Banquo's ghost, appeared to him be there to scare the hon. the Treasurer fro the House, On the occasion of the elevation of Mr. Stawell to the offer of Chief Justice, and when I Childers was on the point of leaving of England, the Argus pointed to him (1! Michie) as a gentleman who, if he would do the names administration would impn strength to it. He believed that many Bpectablo men in the city were of the same opinion with the Argus, and that they can see no reason why he should not join the a ministration. He, however, did see so partial reasons why he should not join tv Haines on that occasion, as he differed from the members of his administration on the railway project, and on other important qui tions ; one of the reasons why he had felt deposed to join the present Ministry was, the when he looked down the list of names of t gentlemen composing it, he observed five of of the seven opposed to State aid to religion but if he had joined the O'Shanassy admin stration, it would have been with at least for or five colleagues who were supporters of Sir aid to religion. It had been stated again him that he had broken the pledges which made to his constituents with reference to t immigration question, but he appealed to t contents of Hansard, which would show if he had protested against the expenditure the present conjuncture of affairs of la J sums of money for tho purpose of introduce a more labour into the colony, believing tion grounds of political economy the force of argument lay with the working classes, had also been said that he had " sold" f constituency, and this observation had be made by those who no doubt thought it were sincere, viz., the working men. It h been asked what he had joined the square for? That question could be disposed of in very few words. At a meeting of certain members of the Assembly at which the names of the present Minis were submitted, that question v raised, but he (Mr. Michie) replied, it was w known that his political and personal an cedents wore firmly and determinedly oppor to the ridiculous and extravagant promises which were advanced by the squatters past times and even supposing that they b one gentleman (the Treasurer) in the history of squatting propensities, there was sufficient number of gentlemen of oppose tendencies to keep him perfectly quit They all knew that if a wild elephant, he ever outrageous he might be, wore pla< between a couple of tame ones, the chan were that he, too, would soon be reduced them to a sufficient state of tameness, a would be a very peaceable and quiet one indeed. He just regarded the position of i squatters in that light. They had been fro it was true, but their teeth had been done They had no fangs now. They wore markably powerless and remarkably harm For his own part, he regarded the question settled when he and others induced the Ho to refuse the leases which Captain Clarke i ask for for them completely and finally teeth of the squatters were drawn, and he had no further power even if they had will to do substantial harm to the com- nity. In his address he had pledged him that if for one instant any member of Administration sought to deal with past public lands of the colony a sectional and not for great pu purposes, if he could not bring the Minister, his views, he would make his bow and go into opposition again. (Cheers.) If he I said to the other members of the Adminis lion, Dismiss Ebden, and take Foster as To Surer, he did not believe they would have a tented ; but if he had mentioned ance name in preference to that of Mr. Ebden, thought it probable they might have are needed. But he supported Mr. Ebden body he believed him to be the right man in light place. (No, no ) Mr. Ebden was able financier, and had proved himself efficient Auditor-General. (A voice, " An cellent squatter,") A harmless squatter all events, and he had been informed or liable authority the most pract Auditor General which the colony had I possessed, and a strictly honourable n He asked them if they had right to ignore the political claims of the man on the community on account of the of " squatter" which had been raised aga him? (Cheers.) He hoped, on looking at votes which he had already given, they W( refuse to believe that he would sell his tion to Mr. Ebden or any squatter the country. What motive had he to gall SO doing? He had nothing to gain from ing office, and had positively refused office three or four occasions, for he was con with his position as a private citizen. idea that he was influenced by the motive selling his interest was a ridiculous one, f< would be the sale of an interest in which himself and his family were bound up. If squatter were to dare to bring the claim that body before the attention of the person and to back up their position, after has been already beaten, he would say at one was opposed to them, and if they wore down already down they must be but to this came to pass let them not drive from country in disgust a body of men whose vestments were made in the colony. He c not but remember the time when, had a] crisis been assailed, its assailants would been hooted from the platform there for them but look to first principles, and he led away by an unmeaning cry. As the land question, he found it had been ass that he had gone the whole length of Land League. Now his friend, Mr. W Grey, like an honourable and truth spca man as he was, had that very morning i claimed that neither he (Mr, Michie) no: 'Shanassy (of whom Mr. Grey complained form the full length which he had desired had always been disposed to place over; cility for getting small holders upon the although at the same time he thought should be made to buy it. He could no: his way at present further. With respect the present being on exclusive Admini lion, Mr. O'Shanassy himself had invited to join it. He (Mr. Michie) could be blinded to the fact that Mr. O'Shea had fairly earned the praise and suffers the public, as an untiring and zealous p servant and upon that very feeling it that Mr. M'Culloch lost the Administre something like two days before that PETIT man (Mr O'shanassy) definitely decline take part in it. He (Mr. Michie) no " ' I TrantcdJt?.J°in It was Mr. O'ShauZv rt i ' and said, "If you can get another Attorned . nero) do so ; but I will give you a 1 th« Id port I can ;».andTiot until he had been UCP by some sixteen or eighteen gentleman § he consent to accept the office for I, was at present asking the suffragesToft constituency. If,therofore,thcy thought , he could not honestly and conscience, gave perform his political duties, he trusted th' they would dismiss him politically and A sonally an honest man. "8r The CHAIRMAN stated that had the, candidates who had that evening he dressed him and his fellow cliffs 1 RSL Permitted to do so at the larger 2 at the Olympic, they would, he felt is to say, have as fairly expounded as thoyZl did their views, and in as straightgoing, , nt d manly a manner. He called, upon a member of the present meeting, which and he was happy to say, the unusual and eS ' ordinary circumstances of the case was . a very large one, to do all that lay in its Power to effect the very important oB , which they had obviously in view. JJ' In reply to questions, 1 -MV'rFSHIE said he went the full length, with Dr. Evans in his motion for PariS may reform The present Ministry, orT other Ministry, could only be a true ¡ Ministry until the census was taken of himself and Mr. Moore voted against the i h \- clause of the Electoral Act. The Workmen and Sub-contractors Lien Bill was not and there bathe had received such a maZi correspondence and representations from sub-contractors and workmen on the matter th. former contending that the workmen were too much protected, and the fact that they were not protected once had he thought he had better withdraw (as Thousand bring it forward in an amended Mr. VINE, sen., said, as an operative he wished to inform the meeting that the ODM. two mechanics of Melbourne had taken no part in the disturbance "bat \- evening in the Olympic. The principle enunciated at the meeting in the BeRlC fcfotolthntaftornoon were such as had already been ended by Messrs. Michie and NZ on their first election, and he had no doubt that the ballot would reinstate those Bently men UB their representatives. Three cheers were then given for the candidates, and the meeting broke up at twenty minutes after eleven o'clock 