The two ministerial speeches ab Kihnore and Belfast have made a decidedly favorable im pression on the public mind. It must, we think, be admitted, even by the most factious oppjnents of the new Cabinet, that it is likely to gain ground as it comes to be better known. The fact that four of its members have been re elected without opposition, and tho further fact that the new Premier seems to be bent on working out a truly practical policy, have gone far to compel the conviction even in the most unwilling minds, that the O'Shanassy Ministry is an undoubted reality. The Premier is proving himself to be master of the situation. He has weathered the first storm of opposition, and he can now pursue his way, under calmer skies, with that self-sustaining persistency of purpose which so strongly marks his character. Difficulties many and formidable, no doubt, still await him ; but there is in him a latent reserve of skill and energy which will enable him to cope successfully with them, and to establish his position on a firm basis. His explanatory speech in the Assem bly, and his hustings address at Kilmore, both showed that he is fully alive to the require ments of his new station, and firmly resolved on meeting them. The speech of his colleague, tho Commis sioner of Public Works, at Belfast, also im presses the reader — as indeed all Mr Gavan Duffy's speeches do- — with the conviction of great practical- ability. Aud this is a point which deserves to be specially noted, because the principal objection urged against Mr Duffy as a public man, by his political opponents, is an alleged tendency in him to the purely theo retical and impracticable. Now, whatever may be said on that' ground respecting his former political career, no candid person will deny that neither his speeches nor his actions since he arrived in this country have borne anything of that character. Here he has always been singularly clear aud direct in the statement of his views of the country's social and politi cal requirements ; and ho may justly boast, as he does in his speech at Belfast, that no mem ber of the Assembly since the commencement of tho session has devoted more time or more energy to the performance of hia duties as a legislator. . . In the course of his speech, Mr Duffy ad ministered a sharp and well-merited rebuke to the small party of bigots who have been doing their utmost to excite religious animosi ties, in connection with the recent political changes. He put the whole question in its true light, when ho claimed perfect political equality for all classes of religionists without distinction, and repudiated tho idea of ascend ancy in any religious partjr. Every intelligent and candid mind in this community must take the same view. The idea of the possibility of our Eoman Catholic fellow-citizens gaining a predominant influence in the Legislature or the Government of this country, is one that can not bo seriously entertained by any man ca pable of giving tho matter five minutes' rational consideration. For whence, wo may ask, could the predominance arise 1 Not certainly from tho numbers of men of that persuasion who hold prominent positions in public life. If Mr O'Shanassy, for instance, wero really bent on doing a little ma neuvring in that way, where could he find his instruments ? Beyond himself aud Mr Duffy, where is there a third man of the same persua sion on whom he could call to fill an office in the Ministry 1 Or in what department of public life is there even an appreciable amount of that peculiar religious clement 1 Tho thing is absurd. A Roman Catholic ascendancy is about as possible hero as a Baptist or a Quaker ascendancy. But when this is said, the bigots reply, ' Look at Sydney ! See tho influence exercised by tho party there !' Well, we happen to know something about Sydney, and wo are prepared to assert that tho peculiarity about the Iloman Catholics there is, that with instruments so powerful, they yet possess so little effective political influence. Some of the ablest public men in Sydney, — men of long standing and high position, — aro members of that denomination, and its numbers are very large, yet there has nevor been anything ap proaching to ascendancy dreamt of by it. In fact, tho two spheres of religion and politics have been kept wide apart, as they ought to be. Tho religious sentiments of a public man in either colony have no reference whatever to his political position : — Mr Haiues happens to be a Church-of-England man, and Mr. O'Shanassy happens to bo a Roman Catholic : that's all. Any other condition of things is, fortunately, not possible in- this free country. We hope this miserable ghost of bigotry will now be completely laid for ever. The mcro attempt to raise it is an insult to the intelligence of the community, and ought to bo resented as such. But there was one remark which wo must say seems to us in questionable taste. It was to tho effect, that his own elevation to office would stimulate the emigration to this country of multitudes of educated- young men from the three kingdoms. Now, Mr Duffy must by this time have become aware that the objections raised here against the sudden ad vancement of ' new chuins,' of which he com plains as being somewhat unreasonable, aro mainly grounded on tho conviction that a 'new chum,' has a constant reference homewards in his action, and is, in point of fact, meditating how thoso actions will show in England, rather than how they will serve Victoria. If this conviction bo a just one, then the objection to the rapid elevation of ' new chums' is not altogether unreasonable, as Mr Duffy himself must admit. Whatever tends to strengthen the conviction is injudicious ; and that is precisely what the remark wo have quoted doos. Unquestionably it is a highly desirable thing that fresh sup plies of the young and vigorous intel lect of Britain should bo attracted to these shores ; but we cannot fairly hold out the hopo to all young men of superior ability that there is here a short and speedy road for them to tho highest offices of State. On the contrary, most men, whatever their capacity, find a colonial career in any walk of life as toilsome and as hazardous as in the old country itself. There aro brilliant exceptions, but they are few. This is the only exceptionable point in what we must designate as an admirable speech. Mr Duffy has tho art, better almost than any man wo know, of fairly meeting and fully answering the objections that are brought against his conduct or his position. In this speech he disposer of several in a very masterly way. In particular his statement of the reasons why it is desirable that a professional man should not be placed at the head of a department where a multitude of like profes sional men are employed seems to U3 perfectly conclusive. Armed at all points as ho seems to be, there can be no doubt that Mr Duffy, like1, his colleague tho Premier, will develop new force as the exigencies of his position increase, and prove to the entire satisfaction of this community that he is well qualified for the high station he now occupies. 