xusiiBomnHR ncxi ooixoi, Br NiMnoD's Ghost. Friday evening was ono of tho /da of tho Club, as Cheltenham is the favourite tryst, and it is usual to ad journ to tho comfortable hotel thero situate, on tho night previous to hunting, and enjoy a rollicking din ner. The ride down in company is always a pleasant trip, for 'tis always enlivened by jokes about, and trials of, the different quadrupeds we may bo riding ; and and merry conversation never flags under tho joyful anticipations of tho morrow. On the occasion now referred to by tho Ghost, a variety of circumstances — combining business engagements, temporary biliousness, and laineliorses— prevented tho rauater being bo atronj as in general ; but the good fellowship of tho few mado some amends for the absence of the many. On reaching xne stauies ui tuu iiubui, nuy irctmiy nrnvuu vivss-ivuuir^ man would almost imagino himself in the neighbour hood of Melton, or somo other crack hunting town, for over every well-bedded stall is to be seen nailed the card of different members of tho M.H.C., and their private clothing all ready for their favourite naga. All arrange ments aro in apple-pie order, and wo of tho ' pink' in due timo in the morning, all assembled at an excellent breakfast, and before seven o'clock were in tho saddle, our number being somewhat increased by unexpected arrivals from town. Very shortly after throwing off in the bush, tho pack Bkirted and feathered' in the vicinity of an isolated hut, and endeavoured to carry away a trail. For some minutes we wero in hopes that a dingo hadbeen about picking up refuso, and that we should hit off his drag ; but though the hounds worked industriously, we were doomed to disappointment. After trotting on a bit, a whimpor from ' Dulcot'. drew the attention of the spotted darlings, and a careful examination resulted , in a musical response to the chauenge. At a Blow pace' they led us over an open heathy country, with an occa sional check, for about half-an-hour, when turf was reached and a good gallop wa3 raised to a belt of wattlo scrub. Hero we lost for a few minutes, and were beat ing about in vain for our game, when ' Tally-ho !' was shouted to the right, and a graceful long-tailed 'un was seen careering away. Tho pack was Boon laid on, and we rattled along over some dog-lane fences, and a big three-ruler (which was only taken by tho master and another), for about a fivo-milo circuit, when wo lost again in a thick scmb. Tho aim boing now very hot, and tho scent not holding, the master called a halt, and tho usual ' cloud was blown.' On trying again, it was found that the sun was too powerful, and 'homewards'' was the word of command. Although there was no kill, very pretty sport was afforded, and so many kangaroos wore viewed at tho distance, iu difforent directions, that the prospect of blank dayB is very indefinite. There waa no moot on Tuesday, both hounds, horses, and men having been hard worked the provious woek. 