TSIE JlOUSfnS. Extraordinary Leap. — Wo mentioned last week that tho woll-known old horeo Fairplay, broko his back, whilst following tho Melbouruo hounds ; but wo could not, at thctimo of writing, oxplain how it occurred, as our narrator, Nimrod's Ghost, merely aaw tho smash, and tho paco was too good for inquisitive inquiries. Wo loam, howovcr, from Mr. it., his owner, that Fair play waa currying him away in his mouth at tho un 1UUIVJ lunv-u, (tun wu*u ilu IU3U lu lUUli \UJT UlbLT IlieaSlirU* mont), from tho jump. Although ho struck tho ? top rail, ho did not break it, but foil dead on landing. Mr. K., who fortunately oscapod with a few bruises, states it to bo his opinion that tho animal broko his back at tho momont of making this extraordinary spring, and not ?whon toplitiR over tho timber. If this idea bo correct, ho ia certainly tho first sportsman who ovor rodo a dead horse ovor posts and rails. . Honm: v. Hound.— Many tyro sportsmen in this country express surpriso that hounds can over got away from well-mounted men, and have smiled at tho fact montiouol lately by Nimrod's Ghost, of tho Mel bourno Club pack having rim clean out of Bight on a burning accnt over tlio flat. To theao wo will not bo rudo enough to Bay — Where ignorance Is bliss, 'Ha folly to 1xsoMcr-wHo !' But onlighten thoir darkness by an interesting Fpara fprnnu, culled from that excollent English sporting journal, The Field .-—'In reply to your correspondent * Childors,' on tho abovo subject, I givo you for his infor mation an extract out of an old work (Daniel's Rural Sports), whichwill throw somolightonthosubjcct. From tho date of tho publication, I presume- thiB would havo occurred aomo flixty yoara ago, when hounds were dif ferently bred : ' On tho 13th September, tlio drag ?was drawn (on account of running up wind, which happened to bo brisk) from tho rubbing liouso at New markot Tour End to tho rubbing-houso at the skirting poBt of the Beacon Courso. Tlio four hounds wcro thon laid on tho Bcont. Mr. Barry'B Blnccap came ia first, Wanton second, Mr. Moyuell's Richmond win beat by upwards of an hundred yards, and tho bitch nover ran in at all. Tho ground was crossed in a few seconds inoro than eight minutos. Throo scoro horses started with tho houudB. Cooper, Mr. Harry's hunts man, was tho first up, but tho mtiro that carried him woa rodo quito blind at tlio -conclusion. Thoro were only twolvo horses up out of tho sixty, aud Will Crano, who wob mounted upon a King's Plato horeo ? collod Rib, waB in twelfth. Tho odds boforo running Tfero 7 to 4 in favour of Mr. Mcyncll, whoso hound.*, it waa Baid, wero fed during tho time of training entirely with legs of mutton. . . ? Tho speed of Morkin, a foxhound bitch, bred by Colonol Thornton, was still superior : she was challenged to run any hound of her year fivo milos over Ncwmarkot, giving 220 ' yards, for I0CO guinea?, or to givo Madcap 1(K- yards, and run tho saino distanco for 5000 guineas. Mcrkin had ' run a trial for four mile?, and tho tiino sho performed it in wan soven'minutes and half anecoml. ThiB bitch waa ? Bold in 1795 for four hogsheads of claret. — J. I. IIeadly. Cambridge, May 25.' ' 