: REVIEW. / ; " .ÏPrcm thé Spectator.) \- AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF LUTFULLAH.* This aütöbiögräpby "of "à' Mahometan" nativi of .India is a curious work in itself. It pos sesaes a good deal of extrinsic interest atihi present time, from frequently indicating th« sentiments of an experienced, self-cultivated and, as certificates tell us, an able and superio: Indian. There are also to be found in it un -Conscious intimations of what manner of mei those Indians be who are now in open revol against our authority. We must confess w< haye-np great liking for one part of the " Mo oamedan Gentleman's" character; no greá¡ dread of the other, as regards native strength though distance, space, climate, and numbers all elements of apprehension. With everj allowance for difference of country, creed, and manners, the hero of this book must be pro bounced an adventurer, with very few scruple« as ,to his means of employment and advance ment, and with a conscience that enables him to see what is right rather than a courage to do it, Düring.his early career, he falls in with a Thug ; And having, by hypocrisy and taking an oath ol aecrecy, acquired a knowledge of the villain, be.betrays him, from confusion bf mind and loss of -breath through his flight, without even th« merit of giving up a criminal to justice. On another occasion he embarks in a scheme which involves running away, as we may call it, from his mother and friends. Instead of the, heroes he expected to have joined, he finds he haa fallen into- the hands of a gang ol clabbers ; and with them he remained for some lime,'though be had ample opportunity! to seape; by the mode he had to adopt at last. According to Lutfullah's account,, he never joined, in their robberies and murders, but obly ujted as a kind of accountant in dividing the apoil. . In what refers to the intellectual character rather than to morals or conduct, we are not more favourably impressed. As the descendant of a Mahometan saint, and him self a stanch Mahometan, it is but natural that he should adhere to his own creed and prefer its practices. Neither is his evident dislike of Europeans in general to be censured wrong. The points for disapproval are, the conceit with which he pronounces judgment on their practices—such as their permitting women to mix in society, and the spirit of adulation which animates his praises when nothing at least is to be lost by praise, and his somewhat malignant censure of those who displease him. All-these things are found in the spirit. The style is mild enough, the language measured, Something of childishness and a feminine weakness is visible throughout. It is as if the inind had only been developed up to a certain point and then stopped. This is a common characteristic with Orientals writing in English, And two allowances have to be made : they are writing in a foreign tongue, we are trying them by an European standard. Tn that part nf a character which most in- terests us just now, there is not milch to fear, if Lutfullah is to be taken as a representative of-the native Indian.' :.He wants steady per u ;;-jäöl^ce7and"p"atieM the "ripening of events ; though" he is patient enough when it answers , an immediate purpose. Change, without any other .object than recreation; or mere love of change, is one great feature of the life. We do not allude to his early youth, when few people settle down ; but there is a con- tinual shifting of employment, with the usual result, it seems, .of the rolling stone. His . most decided instance of perseverance was his ac quiring the English... language " without any; assistance other than Dr. Gilchrist's work and what he could pick up. One of his methods. was not to go to bed till he had learned ten -words. He has mastered the language suffi ciently to write this book himself. . As an autobiography the book is very curious. lt. bears the strongest resemblance to Oil Blas -of anything we have ever read, whether we regard the incidents or the character of ,'the hero. Like the Spaniard, Lutfullah passes 'through à variety of adventures ; that with the jobbers, for instance, being almost a general counterpart of Gil Blas, and the Mahometan actually does take service with an Oriental Sangrado. . He "also rises to a respectable position as interpreter in the Anglo-Indian service,, through having taught languages to the officers ; he rose somewhat, higher in the employment of Native grandees; though he does not attain to the closet confidence of a prime minister,: or to some of the delicate employments of Gil Blas at Court. There is good deal more' of minuteness in the auto- biography than in the hovel, especially in the boyish scenes ; the latter part of the life, when1 the hero gets mixed up with public business, Indian: and European, wants the rich satire of Gil Blas, though the bare truth does some -thins; in this way. ' Lutfiillah-which nome being interpreted, means : ". the favour bf God "-was born in the ancient city of Dnárángar in Malwa," in 1802. He was the descendant'of a great Moslem saint of the fifteenth century, and for: nahy generations the family lived ón a grant of.land. Whon the Mahrattos conquered the province, they confiscated the greater part ¡of the property, and the descendants of Shah Kamaluddîn had little to subsist upon. By the time our hero1 had reached his fourth year, this little was ' lessened ; for on the death of diis father his paternal relations-tried to get possession of the income. . Tho difficulties springing out of this dispute drove his mother from her late: husband's house to take refuge with her' brother, and by eventually .throwing the ' boy upon the world to got on as he could, made him the man he is, and. produced: this autobiography. Qf.- his precocious childhood, ' his" ' aptitude for learning, the various ^adventures he passed through while feeling his way in life, and his more settled pursuits as teacher of languages and in the civil service, ho gives minute accounts, often mingled with reflections. ' The whole, from the first page to the last, is very characteristic of Indian and Anglo-Indian life, tr s>i the autobiographer himself. Our extracts will be limited to the topic of current interest ibo ideas and feelings of. tho Natives towards the conquerors, and how those feelings may the affected by tho conduct of those in uuthority. 'There are, too, somo piotures of the goneraf in- security under Native rule, and here is one of thom whon tho author was a little boy, somo fifty years ago. Two or throe timon a year accounts would renou us 0t tho approach of largo bodies of Pindareei, who had been committing havoo in th« surrounding distriots t. or *Autobiography of Lxttfullah, a Mahomedan ' Gentle, jaums and hü Transaetiont with hit Feltow-treaturei : interspersed with Remarks on the Habits, Customs, and Character of tin People with whom 'he had to deal. Edited by Edward B. Eastwick, F.B.S., KS.A. Pub of aa intended attack fey soma nellhbonrtag potent* tor tba purpose of ltvyina;» contributions on tba.« Then tba bearii of tba inhabitants wera filled w terror and di-may; and forthwith jewel«, money,! articles of value, were buried in tbe earth or otberw secreted:- When the attack did take place, the situati of tbe inhabitants was truly pitiable. Tbny wore tb literally ' between two fires,' from both of which tl .suffered nearly equal.injury; tba cannon-balls from t citadel, instead of reaching the enemy for'whoBe spec destruction they were intended, generally fal li short ' of their mark, and . causing fe ful . loss of life and property with the walls of the city. This, of itself, was dre» ful enough, even when the enemy failed in their objet when victory declared on.their side, such of the citize as had survived the onslaught became the victims of t most refined cruelty, in order to discover the plac where their treasure was concealed. Numerous mod of torture were had recourse to for this purpose amongst which the three following generally proved tl most effectual. First, the victim was pinioned and ex posed bareheaded to the burning rays of the sun, while his ears were pounded or pinched between the lock of gun ; secondly, after being pinioned, as above, he was made to stand in the sun, with' a stone of enormous weight on his head, first inserting a gravel stone of tl size and shape of a small grape, which gradually forced its way through the skull to the brain ; thirdly, a horse's grain-bag, half filled with ashes and red pepper in powder, was tied over the sufferer's face, so as to in clude his mouth, and nose, the consequence of which was, at first, a most violent fit of sneezing, and if pri tracted to a quarter of an hour, a horrible death by suffo cation. ' These reports of the Feringees refer to about the same period in the book, but we suspect were partly' traditions, or at least reports of the elders. Strange, things' were said regarding this wonderful people, who, it was affirmed, had no skin, but a thin membrane , covering their body, which made their appear abominably white. They were perfect in magical art, which made them successful in all their under takings They did not believe in our blessed Prophet and they called themselves' Christians; but would not act upon the laws of the sacred Anjil, which holy boo they had changed in several places to serve their worldly purposes. Most of them, still worshipeid images; and they ate everything, and particularly things forbidden by the holy Moses, and this in-spite of the order of the sacred Anjil (St. Matthew, v., 18an 19) ; nay, they did not spare human flesh when driven to extremity. They had made three Gods for them selves, instead of one-the only Omnipotent Supreme Being- contrary to their first commandment ; and, most absurd of all, they attribute to the Almighty God the having wife and children; and by the same token they called their Prophet and themselves Son and children of God. Such reports were the topic of almost all conversations ; and many other things were said against them, and only one in their favour-tbat they, were not unjust; but in the administration of justice, they never deviated from the sacred book of the ancient law of Solomon the son of David, &c.; Byron notes the unmoved countenance o the Mussulman, "well skilled to hide All but unconquerable pride." This pride in Lutfullah and his uncle was sc great, that , when they heard of the Feringees their wish was to " question them on their erroneous religion."' Some years later the youthful doctor first saw Englishmen; at Baroda ; and he gives this account of his impressions of them. One morning as I was walking in the city to divert myself, I saw four men, two of them on horseback, and the other two walking along with them; to my greal curiosity I found their complexion . corresponding with what we had' heard.' Ï heard, them talking among themselves, and their jargon sounded harsh and wild to my hearing. Their dress tightly fitted their bodies, without any skirt to screen ?snob parts as the law of modesty has taught man to conceal. ? I felt inclined to accost them ; but thought myself. too young to venture on such an intrusion in a foreign city. I raised my hand, however, to my fore- head, in token of salutation, without uttering the sacred sentence, " As salamun alaikum," to which my mind whispered none were entitled except true believers. They returned my salutation very kindly ; which civility greatly softened my prejudices against them. Lutfullah acted as teacher to.Captain East- wick, and subsequently as moonshee to that officer. He accompanied the Captain during the., marches through Scindé and as far as Shirkapoor in the Cabul war. On one occa- sion the Moslem pride was offended on a mat- ter of etiquette ; though he might surely have borne what British officers had to bear. On the 21st we halted, and Sir H. Fane landed at our encampment, and had an interview with Nuwâb Mohamed Khan Lagbari, deputed by the Sindhu authorities to meet this nobleman on his way here. No one was allowed a seat, except Sir. H. and the Nuwab. I attended several Darhars of the Governor-General when at Ajmir, but never found any gentlemen, whether sallow or white, underrated as is this extraordinary audience. The English officers of the Bengal side have in general a too good opinion of themselves. Captain Eastwick stood as interpreter in the presence of the two representatives, and I, behind him, euphonizing every now and then his Persian sen tences to the Nuwàb. When Sir H. heard me first, he called out, " And who are you, sir ?" To this Captain Eastwick replied, " He is my munshi." Sir H. is a tall well-made, intelligent, middle-aged man ; but he seemed to have had no lessons of politeness. There are several acts of a similar kind, bul coming from far inferior men,' the complain! is better founded. There are also a few mat- ters of a graver nature, involving, we fear, large oppression, breach of public faith, and a sub- stitution bf might for right.' This.is the be- ginning of the end of Scinde. ' ; The three Amirs, Nur Mohamed, Nasir Khan; and Mir Mohamed, and a young man. Mir. Shahdad, sat on a large four-legged square plank, covered with a simple Persian carpet, called the throne, with their swords and shields placed before them.' The British representative and bis companions sat on chairs placed for them, but were obliged to take off their shoes before entering the Darbar. The rest of the people sat on the floor, which was wall carpeted. . .. After the -overflow of compliments had subsided, Captain Eastwick seized the opportunity to administer the black dose of his mission to his hosts. He took the papers from my hand containing the draft of the treaty lately translated by myself, and read it to their High- nesses with a clear Persian accent. The Amir listened composedly, though marks of displeasure could be traced on the face of Mir Ndr Mohamed. He changed colour, becoming now red, now pale as a ghost. When the reading was over, the Biluchis showed great excitement. At this time a slight signal from their Highnesses would have been sufficient to terminate the lives of all our party under the swords of the barbarian and remorseless Bilúchis, many of whom stood at our head with naked scimitars, in the same way as executioners do at the moment of the performance of their horrid duty. Mir Nur Mohamed first observed, in Biluchi, to-his two colleagues, ' Cursed be he who puts reliance upon the promises of the Faringis ' ; and then, addressing himself seriously to the British representative, he spoke thus in Persian-' Your treaties, I believe, are changeable at your pleasure and convenience: is this tho way to treat your friends and benefactors ? You asked our permis- sion to allow your armies a free passage through our territories, We granted it without hesitation, depending upon your friendship under your honourable prorolBOB. Had we known that, after tho entranoe of your army into our lands, you would threaten our safety, and enforoo another troaty upon us, demanding an annual tribute of throo'hundred thousand rupees, and a ready payment of two million ono hun- dred thousand rupees for tho iramodiato expenses of the army, wo would, in auoh caso, havo adopted moa. Mires for the security of our oountry and persons. You know we aro Bil6oh6s, and no traders to bo frightened easily. We do not govern the country alone, but tho interest of tho whole of our clan is involved in the Government.' " Captain Eastwick heard all this with calmness, and gave brief replies in Persian and Arabic proverbs, snob as-'Our Government has no intention of putting your Highnesses under any inconvenience, but necessity has no law'; 'Friends must aid friends in emergencies'; ' Tho present campaign is not only for -tba security of India, but the safety of your Highnesses' territories likewise depends upon it,' ito. Mir Nur Mohamed smiled, and spoke to bb cousins in. Biluchl, whloh ,we could not understand; and then, with a sigh, he said to Captain Eastwick, 'I wish I could comprehend the meaning of the word friend,'which you use,*" 