THE REPORTED DUNOLLY MURDER. The information published by us on Wednes- day, was on the reliable authority of a gentle- man just returned from the locality, where the report was rife. It would appear from the follow- ing, in yesterday's Herald, that some as yet unex- plained mystery hangs over the whole affair: " At a late hour on Tuesday night, the Mel- bourne detectives were astounded by a tele- graphic message from Castlemaine, announcing the perpetration of a bloody and brutal murder between Jones's Creek and Inkermann. The victim of this atrocity was Mr William Henry, who was in partnership with a Mr Williams, as storekeepers, at Jones's Creek. The murdered man was also reported to have been robbed of 300 ounces of amalgamated and 100 ounces of alluvial gold. Yester- day morning, in confirmation of the intelli- gence of the previous night, Messrs Soloman & Levy, of Melbourne, received two letters from their branch store at Maryborough communi- cating the assassination of Henry, and declar- ing that his dead body had been found in the bush, cut and stabbed in such a manner as to leave not the slightest doubt that the unfortu- nate man had met with a most violent death. Detective Randall was immediately despatched to make certain inquiries of some friends of Henry residing at Collingwood, and spent Tuesday night in endeavors to obtain some reliable information to guide the future conduct of the police ; and on yesterday afternoon, as he was walking down Bourke-street, whom should he meet but the very man whose tragic end had had created so much ex- citement, and set half the police stations of the country in motion. Randall, who had a personal knowledge of Henry, was taken rather aback, and being of a su- perstitious turn of mind, imagined that the person before him was not real flesh and blood. He had strong objections to address himself to a ghost even in the heart of a large city in sunlight, but the more he looked at Henry, the more firmly he be- came convinced tbat it was no mere shadow that strolled on leisurely before him. He further perceived that Henry had under- gone a recent tonsorial operation, for his physiognomy presented unmistakeable evi- dence of a " clean shave," and the res- pectable storekeeper was rigged out in complete digger's dress. Randall then pulled him up and questioned him, and found that the man so brutally murdered a couple of days before was still alive sound, and kicking. Henry accounted for his unexpected appearance in Mel- bourne by a cock and bull story about his having been " stuck up" in the bush, and Randall and he did not part company till he introduced him to a certain mercan- tile firm in town with which Henry, as it now appears, had been doing a rather equivo- cal business, and he was forthwith handed over to the police on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, and is now in the watchhonse. He will figure at the Police Court to-day, when it is expected further re- velations will be made ; and until then we suspend all comment upon a transaction which requires explanation from Henry and those kind friends who were so prompt in circulating the rumor of his murder, and finding his mangled body. 