REVIEW THE LIFE OF CHARLOTTE BRONTE There are many reasons why this life should be read with avidity, and as we learn from the general testimony, should absorb and fascinate those who read it. On the one hand it discloses the peculiarities, of a race rude and strenuous as the wind which blows over bleak moorlands, and on the other hand shóws how a gifted woman may be tempered under such stringent influences, to the duties of her lot, the trials of her life and the exigencies of her genius. It is rarely that we find a portrait of literary character with such remarkable setting and as rare to find an author whose works are so popular, so vivid and distinctive, and whose personal history was so utterly unknown. That eager curiosity to know the personal characteristics of those whose creations we are familiar, and which one of the directest tributes to genius, is here gratified fully and at a bound. A sister authoress, gifted herself with superior powers has described with true womanly sympathy and eagerness the whole course of the life which is, now closed for ever, and we receive the record so honourable to both without searching for its imperfections: contented, to regard it as a monument of courage and endurance, of suffering and triumph, which is not only a glory to the literary, brotherhood, but a creditable testimony to the tendencies of human nature. All the.¡s.ecrets,of ; the literary .worktnans of the authoress of Jane Eyre and many of sources from which she drew her concepts of character, with the other materials submitted to her searching analysis, are unfolded in the course of this extraordinary narrative. We shall therefore let the biographer, as nearly possible, tell her story in her own manner, and disclose these circumstances as they arose in succession. The father of Miss Bronte was the perpetual curate of Haworth, a village about four miles from Keighley, in Yorkshire, the latter being one of the seats the latter being one of the seats of the woollen trade, of which Bradford is the emporium. Haworth "is situated on the side of a steep hill moors. rising and sweeping away yet higher than the church, which is built at the very summit of the long narrow street. All round the horizon there is the same line of sinuous, wavelike hills, the scoops into which they fall only revealing other hills the same beyond, of similar colour and shape, crowned with wild, bleak moors-grand from the ideas of solitude and loneliness which they suggest or oppressive from the feeling which they give of being pent up by some monotonous and illuminable barrier, according to the mood in which the spectator may be. Thus amid the scenery with "Shirley" and among a race as rough as any who are depicted there or in "Wuthering Heights" Charlotte, four sisters, and one brother struggled up without a mother's care, and with scarcely a friend, in a desolate looking house surrounded by on three sides by rain discoloured tombstones open to all the winds of heaven, which were peculiarly trying to their slender frames and frail constitutions. They lost their mother early, and their father, it is said, was not naturally fond of children: moreover, he had views oof Spartan eccentricity as to their nurture. They were not allowed "flesh meat" or superfluities in dress, and their father, though not intending unkindness would sometimes explode in paroxysms of passion, and would relieve himself by firing his pistols off at the back door, by sawing awayat the backs of his chairs, and once by stuffing his hearth-rug on the fire, and half-suffocating himself with the stench till it was wholly consumed. The children, although they had nothing but potatoes for their dinner never seemed to wish for anything else; and ono of tho servants reports that you would not have known there was a child in the house, "they were such still, noiseless, good little creatures.". Maria the eldest would shut herself up (Maria, but seven!). in the children's study with a newspaper, and be able to tell one everything when she came out. She was as good as a mother to her sisters and brother Thus the, little things clung, quietly together for their father was busy in his study and in his parish, or with their mother, who was at this time in her last illness, and they took their meals alone, sat reading or whispering low in the "children's study," or wandered out or the hillside hand in hand. Mrs. Gaskell suspects that they had no children books, and perhaps we may add no play things,- except animals and flowers. The absence of children's usual resources, quite as much as premature fondness for books, was probably the cause of their precocious development but it is at all events clear, from various testimonies, that they were not like other children from, a very early age. Their father says :- When more children, as soon as they could read and write, Charlotte, and her brothers and sisters used to intent and set little plays of their own, in which the Duke of Wellington, my daughter Charlotte's hero, was sure to some off conqueror; when a dispute would not, unfrequently arise among them regarding the comparative merits of him, Bonaparte, Hannibal and Caesar. When the argument got warm," and to its height, as their mother was then dead, I had sometimes to come in as arbitrator, and settle the dispute to the best of my judgment. Generally, in the management of these concerns I frcquqully thought that I discovered signs of rising talent, which I had seldom or never before seen in any of their age , ..... A circumstances now occurrs to my mind which may as well mention. When my children were very young when, as far as I can remember the oldest was about ten years of age, and the youngest about four, thinking that they know more than I had yet discovered, in order to make them speak with loss timidity, I deemed th nf if they were put under a sort of oovor I might gain my end, and happening to have a mask in tho house, I told them all to stand and speak boldly from under cover of the mask. I began with the youngest (Anne, afterwards Acton Bell), and askod her what a child like her most wanted; She answered, " Age and experience" ' I asked the next (Emily, afterwards Ellis Belll) what I had most do with her brother Branwoll, who was sometimes a naughty boy. She answered, "Reasn with him, and when he won't listen to reason whip him," I asked Branwell what was the best way of knowing the difference between the intellects of men 'and women. He answered, "By considering tho difference between them as to their bodies." I then asked Charlotte what was the best book in the world. She answered, " The Bible." .. And what was the next best. She answered, " The Book of Nature." I then asked the next what was the best mode of education for a woman. She answered, "That which would make her rule her house well. Lastly, I asked the oldest what was the best mode of spending time. She answered, "By laying it out in preparation for a happy eternity." I may not have given precisely their words, but I have nearly done so, as they made a deep and lasting impression on my memory. The substance, however, was exactly what I have stated. About a year after Mrs. Bronte's death one of her older sisters came from Penzance to superintend these little desolate philosophers. 'The Life of Charlotte Bronte', author of Jane Eyre, Shirley, Villette, . By E. C. Gaskell, author of Mary Barton,Ruth, &c; Smith and Eldon 1807, Maria and Elizabeth, the eldest two, and sequently .Charlotte herself were then sent to that school at Cowan-bridge of which Charlotte has described her bitter experiences Jane Eyre. In that picture of children i suffering from harsh or inadequate superintendence and from careless and filthy cookery we suppress our indignation at a species of criminality which is shamefully neglected the statutes of the realm), the Helen Burns the novel is an exact transcript, of Maria Bronte. Miss Temple and . Miss Scatcherd also had their originals at Cowan's-bridge, ,nd though the fever which broke out there spared the little Bronte's, yet Maria and Elizabeth went home successively to die of the consumption tendencies which doubtless, their abominable diet has accelerated. 3tabce' of ' the' .Ñemesis; which; attends.on y ícó'oks/and't'tic^ .Mrs. Gaskell's words, "the pictures, ideas, and conceptionsV oft*' character - received ,i ;into; tl ipiiid' '.of,. the , child, - ¡pf ;féi*gï»£"yoarsi: QÏd! T.wé 'destined; to; be reproduced ".' in:'fiäry!...WOP a^t quarter .' .bf ? : i a ^century ' ! afterwàrde Chiirlqfte. herself,;;/, -the.' yjlittle';,;, /.'Brp^'di? ^authoress, < wasy »'. ¡removed v.,' from; « ;. th 74'toÍ'.V'Qur8ér}r!74n, ,|;hK''laùtiiipkVo|^âiêi^lowii year on;the ground, of;ill-healÁ Pf 'little', more ..thari ? nine; .';sn'éiwasv8üdden cállédjinto,^ in- ;wliô.!'SÛrvïvçd|!';!ïnclûdin^ associated Vin, 'Üieir Vplàys j.'land./^njmûserrtçrit which' ..wérè^'môshy; ,of< a- .sedentary' and 'inti ;Jéqtpal!,.;bjàtà^ .stimulatipn ^- in .(thejr i^etired^^hpmey ';! . Mr ¡0a8kéll,:.h'asih"ád',iá':c pàckét'iconê'ded.'i hpri^cpntaih^ jsaript-'in ándnconcoiyably'sn^ .'dramas,' ?,poems¿v'^ by -' Charlotte;vin' a;'hand 'wl^içh;';itj!i.s\ almpi -impossible > to- decipher.: withbut!«tiiei' hid of ' _magnify.h3g_^glass._ _ Wo aro favoured with ! facsimile "of "á'^iB^^^f^Úié^MSSr^ánd with Hst of ^Q^^jnt^^g .^ij^e whole S volumes, 'each' volume ( cpnthining from 00 t ,10,0 '.'pf 'Ubi'e'se .'.mjnijtejy .^?writtpn^pagesV'TÖUC was the fertility,of the precocious,little brairj that produced -them 'that -these Ä3 Volum« wèrè all' written, fn ; about '15 'months, an from Botne' ' extracts' .which;" Mrs.,' Gaske .prints we may > infer,,that .they/,.were. fullvC interest < and'. considerable promise;; < Th ?predomroáricp, '.of' the imaginative' faculty"- i jStrpñgly ' marked, vyhich MrsJ Qaskell^reasor ably attributes, to tbe:, monotony '¿,of til small authors' existence and ? the absenc of real 'occurrences 4in their isolated; village (Children, she says, ¡léading a ( secluded, li fi are' often thoughtful and dreamy Y ,tbe^ini pressions made< upon them i by the j.worh without, : the-unusual sights of earth'ant sky, '(' the accidental , meetings ' with 'atràngi faces rçnd figurés (rare,. occurrences., in ¡ thósi out-of- the-way fied'by them into things so deeply significan as to be ' almost supernatural. ' !A¡fèw;,fsú'ci suggéstive.ihcídenta are'.' at ,the 'sarae(ttrhe'(',pár ttcularized, together with directi , evidence o what the authoress could rriake'of thomby hei ownbriginalbr assimilativepower* ' What. Miss :Brontë became .in outward ap pearanee under these influenceras'she''grew up into girlhood; is described in cléáríportráiit iirc r-. '; '.'." ' ' .'.'" '. In 1831 she wá'sn quiet, thoughtful girl|of nearly 10 years of age, very'snmll Iri'figui'e-" stunted" was tbe word alie applied to herself-but, as her .limbs ,and l^ead were in just proportionate tho slight,'fragile body, nb'-word in ever so slight n~aegVoe~sùggéstivè 'of deformity oould properly be applied-to ben; with soft, tliiok, brown hair, and peculiar eyes, of: which I find it. diflVnuU tn ßivn u description, as., they appeared to . ree : in., her later life. They: wero large and .. well-shaped ; thoir colour a reddish brown; ; , but, if , the iris was closely examined, it appeared io .be composed of a great variety of tints. The usual expression was ol quiet, listening intelligence; but .now and then, on sonn« just ocoasion for.vivid interest or wholesomo indignation, a light would shine out, as if some spiritual lamp had been kindled wbioh glowed behind thpso oxpressive'orbs.. ,1 never saw the like in any other human creature. As for tho rest of hor features, they were plain,, large, nnd ill Rot ; but, : unless you b?gnn to catalogue them, you wore hardly atvare.of tho fact, for tho ¿yes and power fit tho countenance,ovar-balanced; every .physical ,deft>oi: tho orooked mouth and, tho largo nose ..were forgotten, und tho whole fnco.arrested tito attentiou, and | presently attracted all those whom she herself would bavó bared to attract. Her hands and feet'iver,e lho,smallaBt. I aver snw. When one,of_.the,fb£raer".wa8.'.plaoed in raino it was like the soft touch of a bud. in tho middle of ray palm. The delicate loug finger's liad ¿peculiar ftaonoss of sensation, which was one reason why all her hand i .work, of whatever kind-writing, sewing, knitting-was BO deakin its minuteness. 'She was remarkably''neat 'in her whole.personal attire; but she was dainty as to the flt bf her .Bhbos and gloves. - , I can well . imagine that the grave, serious composure which, whoa I knew hor,.(¡ave her face tho dignity/of an old Venetian portrait was no acquisition of later yearn, but. doted from that early aga, when sho found herself in tho position of an elder sister ta motherless children. But-in a'girl: only just- entered, on. her teens snob an expression would bo called (to use a country phrase,)." old fashioned;".and in 1831, . the period of jwhioh I.n.ow write,, we'mitst think of her. as à little, set, antiquated girl,' very .quiet 'in' manners anil very quaint in dress; for, bosides tho ihflu'enoe, exerted by lier father's ideas concerning the simplicity' of attire bofitting tho wifo and daughters of a country clergyman, fas evinced in bis destruction of the coloured boots and the silk gown), her aunt, on whom tho duty ol dressing her liieocs principally devolved, had never boen in society since sho left Pcnzanoe eight or nine.' years before, and thu Penzance fashions ol'that day were still dear to her hoart. In January, 1831, Charlotte was again sent to school to a Miss "Woolor's, near Kirklees, a neighbourhood abounding with wild traditions and historic memories. Ghastly legends were associated with places in tho neighbourhood, and a rustling ghost occupied tho third story of even the young ladies* "establishment." Charlotto is '? described ns an odd-looking, oddly-drossod little girl, who had great diffi- culty in reconciling herself to her absence from home. Her ignorance of somo of tho first elements of education was strangely contrasted with tho varioty of her ronding. "Sho would confound us," says a fellow-pupil, who is evidently a person of considerable intelligence, " by knowing things that wore out of our ranga altogether." A foy sentences further on a characteristic is mentiónod 'which croates a painful impression as of a naturo half dovolppod. " lu our plnyhours sho sat or stood still, with a book if possible. (Somo of us onco urged her to bo on bur side in a gamp nt ball. She saul she .had never, played! àtid could not pïay." Noverthcloss sho was liked, and she con- trived to intorost her associates In tho day-droams . of ; herself or sistors. " The habit of ,'making out' ihtorosts for themselves that most childron got who have ii ono in actual life was very strong in hoi*. Tho wholo family, used to ' moko put' histories and invent characters and avonts.' I told hoi* somotimos- thoy wero Uko growing.potatoes in a collar. Sho said sadly, 'Yes,'I know wo arel'" It appears that sho mudo tm effort to shnro in tho sports of her companions, but was too nwkwnrd and shortsighted ito do so success- fully. Hor own talonts wero exhibited best aftor dark, for sho was an invuluablo story teller, and i frightened : the ' rest '. of,, tho, jg almost out pf, thbir'/wifs , as. they lay ¡in'tl beds. On one occasion she was so éífec that one of hor audience was seized with viol palpitations, and brought Miss Woolor to rescue . by the loud screams which she unable to, repress» ,,, ; :, 'Miss Wppler herself was a sensible pers and had witnessed. some remarkable seer .which, she,had,a; talent for describing. Ami others,; the notable'..stand made.in the néi bourhoo.d; againstthe Luddite, insurgents b .Mr. Gartwright^ was 'thus obtained lor , future ' purposes of '¿Shirley.,,' ¡ ,Stories i'.of'. .weavers/irad/ofto of the feuds Churchmen and'Dissenters, of coarse riots and revels in' 'the churches themselves, ac- cording with the traditions of Char 'lotte's- , own ¡ home, . werei d here a imparted. lions; Here'?shei"made endured, (through ilifoi with, two/ bf/';her/ sch' pPPWP^^8,.,ftnd'l,ioJ^teh; we owe much, of 1 '.subsequent. corpspondence^ illustrative of 1 . .'i n terna!/hi s tory. ? After a stay ,'pf two/years,, s left,mMiss Appier's, in ,1832, ,and .returned , jáíawórth.i.'i .Here Gharlbtte and'her/brotl ..B^ranjYpir,. for'i'a ;time,', entërtiiinéd',,the,n eventiially -getting ' their "living as-artists, ? wi .which object they took "lessons , iri!,drawing lai â^^e^^^ols^ap^ixiii. But ¡¡nothing caine' j this project, -for 'her. .brother fell, into, loo [ courses, became 'a1 tutor'tala1 private familyY'w seduced and.afterwards sacrificed byitsroistre; !,%R^ylibiini be, ph^rished'.ah' ajr4.^nV-!thbügliVgUli affection,;^ j "the'.means . whicfi. he tóale to /deaden his. renior örJ forget:chis disappointrh,e cpntjipb presence1 of' that ; brother,' with his descendit ;coursesjiCc^^ Jlï£a;-j|ifó^Ju)i^'j(.h]B4«o^ejrçpise .little enough; 8urishÍué.ÍHoOharíptte.'^ Xer/'artist'p^ .\^pbler'Sj ^whither ' her 'sister ¡ Emily àccor pàniédi! h¿B.ra8¡.vfti .pú'pU^'r-tb;óug^vA..tigirr'istj jmbre; .^s^d^Ulyié;^-'^^,; /,'fragUe/,',' ¿han . '//he self, The suffering "tó 'whieh>i's'âiè<<^lattér^wi exposed'by'the losscf thebléak'solitude, whir, to lier comprised1 home and liberty,' ? was, 'ho\ eveiy tó'o' find ?shé^retürnéd1 biorr after an.. experiment, ,bf ljthréeV¡u>bQths., ,,Bi Oharlotte .remainedlon ger, and, -until hi health also, failed, was tolerably/happy,, if sue á.'.tprin may , ,be perin i tt ed ' to,á'i mixture., « asceticism, "debility,. and >resrgnration.? The stíe hécáme'fnervous,, and had tremors such t those 'described in Jane 'Eyre; which 'gre almpst intp ^visions,in their;..painful^ intensif.; At i this time'.she ¡learnt the history : of,-a, rei occurrence .which ,;afterwards. ..suggested ,. tli conception Aof? Rochester's1 domestic irroubui .On her return home we .fmd-rier and her sister bent upon ;',comppäitipn, \\.as; yet not . quit conscious bf their po wers, and chafing in th i.rbpiitience: of their irritábalo /natures. . .Th picture thus revealed 'of these little restles figures ranging^to'und/frp"'like caged lynxes i hardly, pleasing^ and ' yet ' it' was one of th dearest .recollections to which Charlotte : couti reY.eriJn,h^i^r',;life'r~ . :iV\It'wn°B/-tltei''bpusehold.len»tom among these. - girls t 8.ew,u7J/n,,6'plpok¡at¡iíig|it.''.,At that hou'r.Miss ,'BranwoI peheridly went fobed, find hdr.niecob', dutios for the da; .wore'nocounted'done. - ¡They put 'away,their .work,-,nnd began,to paçq tho room,backwards .andifqrwarils, un nm down-T^OB i often Z,.withl. ,tho',i c¿^ridjes,,,extingúisbp.d', foi eoonomy's sake, aa not-their figures glancing into thi flre-lighr, nnd ont into -tho-.shadow, perpetually. A this time they talked over past bares one troubles ; they /planned , for .. the future, ont consulted each other OB to their plans. In after year« tlii^ «as tho timo for discussing together tbe plots o their novels. Arid again, "still later, this was the timt for, tho last surviving sister to walk alone, from old.nc austómed hubit, round and round tho dosolato room thinking sadly upon the." days-thnt wore no more" Bul thi* Christmas of 1801 was not without its hopos and daring aspirations. They had tried their bands at Rtory writing in their miniature mugnzine long ago. Thej nil ol them , "made out," perpetually. They bad like, wise attempted to write poetry, and had a modest conti, dence thnt they. had achieved a tolerable success. Bul they knew that they might deceive themselves, and thal sisters'judgments, of onch other's ? productions were likely to be too partial to lin depended upon. So Char, lotte, OR the eldest, resolved to write to Southey. I bo. Heve (from hn expression in a lotter to be noticed here- after) Hint she also consulted; Coleridge; but I have not met with any part,of that correspondence. Southey was from home, and did not an- swer till some / time afterwards. Branwell simultaneously wrote to Wordsworth a lotter, which gives a very high impression of his abilities, lind doubtless obtained a considerate reply. Southey also'replied to Charlotte after some .¡rn.onths,. to' the effect that' " Literature cannot be tho business pf a woman's lifo, and it ought not to be." . Otherwise hhv letter was kind and/sympathetic; "a little stringent," said the recipient,/"-but it did mo good." Sho was now also regaining her health at Haworth. Her proceedings about this timo aro not very clearly dated or 'distinguished, but it appears that'she 'had oné or 'two offers, of marriage which wore, declined', and that sho made a brief experiment bf tho situation of governess. Under no circumstances could she free herself entirely from her self-torture, which at this period took,the form of religious despondency. At the age, of 21 oven she was '^ smitten at times to the heart With the con- viction that gliastly Calvinistic doctrines aro j true- darkened," sho says, ". by the very shadows of spiritual death." The bettor aspects of her lifo wero her zeal and resolution in tho performance of womanly dutios and social charities, and the strong and sincere affections which made a home bf Haworth I parsonage. In'.the year 1840 she continued at homo, and the plan bf keeping a school'was continu- ally before hor and lier sisters. During tho winter, hp wovor, she was composing a story which wo infer , to have'boon the Professor, a wprk yet, as wo hear, to bb published. In March, 1841, sho obtained her second and Inst situation as governess, and subsequently sho ! and har sister ware placed at the pensionnat , of M. Héger, at Brussels, to perfect thom in j a knowledge of French. ; Tho houso ¡ at which they rosided at tho Belgian capital had.formerly boon tho sceno of tho' splendid ¡ feasts bf tho Grand Serment des Arbalúlriers, but tho Belgian demoiselles who had succeeded them were not much to-tho taste of tho serious little English woman. She describes them as " singularly cold, selfish, animal, and inferior," as " very mutinous, and difficult for the teachers to manage, and their principles as rotten to tho core." Her Protestantism was also sensitively alive to the injurious influences of Romanism, and she was shocked by tho sensual depravity of a young French woman with whom she was thrown much into com- munication. Tho experiences of tho Brussels Pensionnat are turned to account in Villette, but the Instructions of M. Héger, a very accom- plished person',' were nevortholess of great advantage to Charlotte She and her sister were called home by tho death of her aunt,, and shq afterwards roturnod to Brussols alprio j but towards tho end of 1848 she finally carno back to Haworth. Hero is on opisode-in -her home lifo at tl point,' and^'wliioh. identifies her sister Emily with'";Shirley:"~i' ! (.'.:?;.!-' /f))e¡holj)lo»sness-,of an';abimnl waa ito ipasspprt Oliarlptto's,J^qart ; nature wes wbatj,.often reoomrñarid^d^it,ío Em Speaking of o'er 'dead ' 'sister.'; the'*,former.: told ino tl frori'b'er many traits in Shirley's character -were taken ; her way of sitting on tho rug reading, with.-her ¿arm round, her. rough bulldog's, neck; her calling to a strar dog, running,past, with hangipg hoad and lolling tongi tb give it ii merciful draught of water, its madiioried'sr at her, hor nobly stern proseo je of mind, going right ii the kitohon/and taking'up Italian irons .to.sear tho, bitten¡place, and.,tolling no, o UH the dangor, was .well-nigh eyer, for fear of.the, torre that might beset their weaker .minds. All this, look up1 >h as a well- invonted'. fiotibnin'StfifrZcy, was writt down by i Charlotte ' with ' streaming . eyes ; it was t literal trua.account of what Emilyibad done.. Tho ,sa: tawny,, bulldog , (with , pis ''.strangled, whistle '')rioall '"^Tartar.!1 in'Shirley wns 'f Keeper " in Haworth parso age-a gift fo'Emity. With the:gift came a 'wnrriir Keeper was faithful to the dopths of his nature oslo asi bo' waa with .friends:;, but he: who ¡strúókwbim'. witt stipk,or.whip^oused-the (relentless, ^attire of;,tho brui wbo.flew at hti throat; fortbVith',')and,,héld1him there't I one or' tho '/other'wai at tho point 'of death.' No Keeper's linu^éh'old'fault' was this.: . He loved :to 'ste upstaira'and. stretch I his ¡square, tawny ilimbsran- il j.cpmfortable.j .beda ^oyered-^verj with; delicate, y¡hi .ooubtyrp^égl,.] 'Bu't'tbp .oíeorílinops " of ( the . persona; árr'ángements'was.perréct.'and this'tiamt bf Keeper's wi so'objeotiorinhlo'that lîm'ily.'in reply tb1 Tabby's'rorho¡ «tróficos, deolareÜ.that if hé Wridfoundiagaintrantgressin sho herself, in defiance of warning and, his(W^Ü-knon feropity of,. nature, wouhi ,beät ;l)im.tspl.severely, th he'-would neypr.offend.again.' In' the gathering dusk i bn'nutiihan evening Tabby'o'amb,- half:triümpbaritly, ha tramblingly.Lbut' in .great iwruth,vtoi'tbllliEnii)yiitHi Keeper rçaslyipg on,(bel boat; bed. in (drowsy- vqlupf non ness,. QbjirloUo rsaw.iEmi!y,'s ; whitening faco and;, si mouth, but dared not speok tb interfere j, rio ono daça when'JSmily'd Oyes glowed' in''that 'manner out of tl; piléness-of.jber.ífaoe,': rind wbon ihor-lips'wore.sbicon pressed,into jEjtoqe. flSho went,..qpstair8i;,apd , Tabby,an Charlot tp.sjopdjn ;th^e(globmy.passage .'below, ,full,of ,(l dé'li:'shadows of .coming night, .Down-stairs loam Emilj', dragging aftbr'ber the unwilling1 Keeper,' his'inn It'gs^sot ;in -a/ iheavy attitude of iresi'sloncb.tbelil by tb BQuft|Of.Iiis iicok,'.', ,but growling : low and; savagely q the time.,. The watchers..,woulds fain.,bnye»spoken bf durst ho', for', fear of inking ofT Emily's attention an causing -'bor1 to overt her' bend- 'for'a1 moment from' th enraged ;'brute. ; .She ' let lUm.'goV'.planted-in ? o'-dor corner: at.tbe .bottpmj of. iho etairs. No .time-was .,thei to fetch stick pr rod,- forbear of th. a strangling, clutch f her throat; ber bare, qlinohed flst,strhok .against bistre fierce ¿yes' before 'he had time to make His 'spring; 'nw in tho hmg|age of tho turf, sho ?" punished him " till.hi eyes were swelled up, and tho half-blind stupifiod.beas was.lpd jto,his;aconstomod lair, .to )iayo:h» swelled,boa fomented and cared for by ..the .very, Emily' hersel Tlïe'gen'erotrs . dog owed ' bier 'no 'grudge ; he loved'bo dearly ever after;, he walked ifirst ormong th mourners i ito her,, funeral.;, ihol;slopt moaning Ifo nightsjat tbe idpor.of her.prnpty room, and never, HO, ti speak; rejoiced! dog fashiob, after lier death. Ho, in Iii turn, wa-i mourned over by tha surviving sister.'1 'Ii»t"u somehow hope/in half Red Indian 'creed, that he follow Emily now ; and when ho rests, sleeps on. some soi white bed pf,dream»,?.umpunishqd when ba.;awakens t< the life of the;lBnd(pf shadows. (i, ' . After fan, .unsuccessful attempt .to.« open i schöpf .tho .tlireé sisters, pubHshed, in, ;I8;fôv a their p.wn lrisk>a,.volume of,poems which;d,iç opt' ^tiraot^'tojucli* attention, and which,' wert criticized; as, the, prpduction of, three brothers^ " Currër, Ellis, and Acton.Bèll." H)\Q professor went,the round..pf.'tho.¿on^oñyppblish'erstp nc purpo^'eVbut^tih'arlo'tite nevertheless' 'commenced Jane i Eyre,^;>yhilö; her ¡sistéi's'r were ëndeâyourinp respectively, to publish Wuthering Heights and Agnes Grey. At this'time their father w¡a,3 gra- dually growing blind ; their brother had gone through bis! life-i'rlaC and wis tending to an early .grave by. his . miserable excesses ;. they had to- caro . for an ? aged servant whom th'ey would. ! , npt, , discard ; their , own health , was delicate, ;but under all their disabilities ,they worked lat . their literary,, tasks., strenuously and unsparingly. Jane Eyre, when finished, was-, however, a suc- cess, for it. whs at once accepted , by Messrs. Smith and Eider... . ., ., When tho manuscript of Jane Eyre had been received by the.future publishers to the sb'aro.of o .gentleman connected ^vitlj. the lit ni to read it first. He .was so powerfully, struck by'tho cha raater of tho tale that be.reported his impression in very strong torms to Mr. Smith,.who appears to' hnvo'hoen much amused by the admiration;excited. " You seem to-have boen so enchanted that I. .do not know how tn believe yeu," he laughingly said.- - But when a second reader, in the person of à clqar-hè.Vled Scotchman, not given to enthusiasm, had taken "tho MS. home in tho evening, and became so.' deeply interested in it ns te sit up half tho'night to finish it, Mr. Smith's curiosity was sufficiently excitod to prompt bim. to rend it for himself; and great os wpro the praises which had ? been bestowed upon it;~ho found:,that they had not.exceeded tho truth. The power and fascination of tho tale itself made its merits known to- tho public without much assistance1 from professional criticism,, and in a few weeks " the rush bogan for copies." Considerable interest, which Mrs. Guskell1 do scribes as "a ferment," was excited by the ques- tion,-Who could have written it? But oven tho publishers of Jam Eyre-, could not have resolved that, for they were ignorant whether Currer Bell was a real or an assumed name whether it belonged to a man or a [woman. When the- second edition appeared with tho dedication to Mr^ Thackeray, " people looked at each other and wondered afresh,"- and there was an absurd- rumour, which Mrs. Gaskell omits to mention, that it was written by tho live original of Becky Sharp. Still the secret was preserved both at home and to tho world till tho dilemmas attendant on tho publication of tho sister's novels, under assumed names, wont on increasing., Many critics insisted on be- lieving that all the' fictions published as by three Bells were tho work's of one author, but Written at differpnt periods pf his development and m a tu rit)'. As this suspicion affected tho reception of tho books, and eventually in- volved their publishers in a disputo with an Amorican house, Charlotte and Anno carno up to London to assure Messrs. Smith and Elder of their separate identity. They-took up theil» quarters at the Chapter Coffee-house, Pater- noster-row, in their helpless ignorance whore elso to go. . Ou roaching Mr. Smith's, Oharlotto put his own let tor into his hands ; tho samo lotter which lind excited so much disturbance at Haworth Parsonage only 31 hours before. ", Where did you got this.?" said he, as if ho oould.nbt beliové.that two young ladies drossad in hlaok, of slight flguros and- diminutive btaturo, looking pleased, yet agitated, bould .be tho embodied. Curror- and Acton Boll, for whom, curiosity hud boen hunting so oagorly in vain. An explanation ensued, end Mr. Smith at anae begun to form plans for their amusement and pleasure during tboir stny in London. ; As far as thoir weaknoss and nervousnoss would permit they .enjoyed somo of the sights i of London, including the opera. But their; stay in town did not oxecod two or throe days,' and they returned to Haworth, whoro the dark clouds wore gathering over their doomed house- hold. In Soptomber their brothor Branwoll died, as was oven desirable. . I havo hoard) from. one who attandod Branwoll in his last illnpsn, that ho resolvod on standing up to die. He had repeatedly said (hat as long aR'thero was life thora was strength of will tà do.whal 'it olióse; and when tho Inst agony oarao on he insisted on assuming tho position just mentioned. "I havo, previously slatod that,'when hiHj fatal nttaolt oamo. on. lilB pockets woro found filled with old letters from tho woman to .whom ho was attaohod. Ho died I Sho still lives-in May-fair." Now . also .tho two ' sisters, and Emily the first, bogan to, give,way, "Jin tho vory hoot and burden of tho doy, tho,' labourers failed over tboir work. My sister Emily first declined . . Novor in all her lifo bad BIIO llngnrod over noy (ask that lay boforo lier, uud sba did not linger now. ' She sank rapidly, - Shei made .' haste to leave Ut ? Day by day.itrhen I «aw wlthitrhut a front «ba .roefeflufl^ring.I^opked qn, herewith an anguish of wondor jtnd.Jovo. ,1 bovo^pon^nothing like it ; but, indeed T have never." aeon her parallel in anything, Stronoor than a rnon, simpler than a'ohild; ber nature stood alono Tko awful point was that, while full of ruth for others' on herself she had no pity ; tho spirit was inexorable to the Hush; from the trembling hands, the unnerved limbs, tbe.fading'èyés, tho samo.Bpryioo was exacted as they had rendered in health,. ' Tb, stand ¡by, and witness ting,-and not dare to remonstrate,, was a pain no words can' render." ./.In,;' fact,. ISmily noyer went out-of doora after tho Sunday, succeeding. Bránwell's,deialh,:.Shá, made no complaint ; she .would > not endure questioning ; she rcjeated sympathy and help. Many a time did Charlotte, and Anno drop tboir.sowing, pf .cease/fromi their .writing to listen--with,'.wrung, hearts ¡to the, failing, stpp, tho laboured' breathing; - the frequent pauses,- with -which their sister ctimbed the short staircase ; yet they dared not notice whnt tbéy-!ob'sorved withip'angs of sulfbrine even dcopor'tliah. bers.i'.Thpyidnred.Jiiot.inoliceiit in words, fnr losa_by. ^hp.caresRing^nsijstanco of a bulninir arm or band. "Tü'ey¡8nt, still and'ailent." . First Emily^sunki in'en Ahne^ andVevoriiually Charl otte,waB'loft alone!\ (S/nVZ^; ; as/we^saitl was a portrait of Emily, and^ts'.",1 three curates" were also discoveráhle.iriithe.'néighb'our.hb'otl of Haworth. ..^/lif^'h^ad heen^begun. .soon j after the publication of Jane Eyre, and nearly finished.,ita.seqpnd;y.olurne. when Bran well died. After'li ira ;Éni " The peni laid!down when., there .were., three sistors living an_;d'.lóvii)g,V, w^^ ':uP,;v>vhen ono alonp remained.^. ' Tho'work was returned and continued/r'esig^ to write without uny;.pne;to listen ^tp, the';', pro- gress of hertale,- to ¿hdfauit' br-"ip! sympathize while pacing the!, ^ the everiings,:;.a,s;iin-.thpi';days; that Were no .more. Three sisters liad dûneljhis ;' then two, the other sister dropping.off .'from tho walk," but the last persevered.; ;tAt length .new relations wero gradually i'.f&m;èâ,.'?i',ai.;'n^ivMl;;î'n|orjBOurso sprung ûp''w||^.thQ^vàr}.àyof cií^cj;apa)áutjbors, to whomoherifamèiintrpducbd tier,7and she, the last of this , fated floated for :;se^aon.>;in> -,hèr >'-jittle',- sea of glory, and Iby ' jextenflirig' ,hera¡narrow i.tjirclo to have elud,ed/tb;e search', pf "death. , j Her correspondence .witti Messrs/Lowes /and iWil lÍBjns,-anoL.thatrinduced..byrher intimacy^ with Miss Martineavi, ;,Mrs. ,-G;askeli, and others, make up a large portion of the rest of her pain- ful biography. She1 went up to town on sub. sequent occasions', and she .dilates much.'upbn her,,r.nterv,ipws ' wtyb .Th&kpray;// whom' ..she appears only half to relish àndjindérstahd, but to v whom as a rñígtítiér artist" she defers reverentially. " Sho rnakes other ' excursions also'to Scotland and tho English. Lakes, and discusses her impressions either.of the,scenery she visits or of the'bppks with which ber kind friend Mri'gilliam's,'supplies,' her.;, Butthero is little, more, pf ..incident, 'though much of character in her memoirs. . Aidescrip.tion^f tho effect of Rachel's acting will at once recall'to its readers á¡ passage in Villette. Villette itself wa^persevercd-.'in .only,at intervals. Her in- creasing indigposition ,subdued,her at last,,m spite of all her efforts of reason and will. She tried ' to , forget oppressive recollections in writing. ', . Her pubT^shers .were 'importunate for a now book, from, her,pen., Vilfctte ,was begun, but she" lacked power to continue it. Her letters show how long it lingered, and how in the absence bf home .criticism' she/desponded of ¡les success,.,. and ¡.craved , the sheltering shadow of an incognito. "I seem .to dread the: advertisements;'-' she says " tho largo lettered 'Curror Bell's Now Novel,'. , ,br . ' New Work,, by the author of Jane Eyre.' These, however, I, feel well enough aro the transcendentalisms of a retired wretch.'' Yet her apprehensions were super- fluous, for Villette was well received, with'[ tho exception- of a,,criticism, somewhat-stringont from her friend Miss Martineau, and which,, because it was so clearly candid, naturally caused lier an annoyance. By this time . lier reputation was out of. the roach of accidents, though it subsequently had to pass the, ordeal of a .train-of emulous ladies who conceived a series of . Jane Eyres attenuated in substance and spirit. Their exemplar, however, was destined to write no more, for she was married after sonip delay to a clergyman who was strongly, attached to her, and whoso lot it was to solace tho last few months of her troubled life. Thoso few moons, howóver, contribute nothing. to her story. We, her loving friends,.standing outside,' caught occa- sional glimpses of brightness nnd pleasant peaceful murmurs of sound, .telling of tho gladness within; ond we looked nt oaob other and gently said, " Aftor a bard and long struggle-after many oarea and many bitter sorrows-sho is tasting happiness now 1 '* We , thought of tho slight astringen- cies of her character, and how they would turn to full ripo sweetness in flint calm ounshino of domestic peace. Wo remembered her trials,, end were glad in tho idea j that God had seen flt to"wipo away tho tears from ber i eyes. : Those who saw, hor saw an outward chango in S her look, tolling of inward things. And we thought, I and, wo hoped, and we prophesied, in our groat lovo and reverence. But God's ways aro not as our ways. A walk of sovon or eight milos to seo tho effect of molted, snow upon a neighbouring waterfall brought on a cold, from Svhich sho never recovered. Nausea, fever; delirium super- vened, Hong days nnd longor.nights wont, by, slill tho sumo relentless nausea and- faintness, and still, borno on in patient trust. About tho third week iii March tlioro was achango; n low wandering delirium came on ; nnd in it sho begged constantly for food, and oven for stimulants. She swallowed eagerly now ; but, it was too late. Wakening for an instant from this, stupor of intelligence, she snw.her husband's woe-worn face, and cnugbt tho sound of. snmo murmured words of prayor tbntûoa would spare her. "Ohl " sho whispered forth, "I nm not going to die, ami? :Ho will not sepnrnto us, ve have boou BO happy." She died on tho 31st pf. March, 186S, and' was followed to the Igrave, among others, by tlib outcasts of tho neighbourhood, to whom sho had ever boen a considerate friend. That she should have so abounded in all charities through a life' of weariness and sorrow is not, j howevorj "surprising. Her intellectual manifes3 j tations aro far moro remarkable when wo cora- j paro thom with her opportunities, and still j moro when wo contrast them with her infinito hindrances. How that littlo sickly girl, so ignorant of tho world, sp stunted, and secluded and cramped and environed, could conçoive tho character of Kochestor, and completo her con- ception, ' is, in Bhorfc, a literary marvol. Criticism ls disarmed, and wo have no contro- versy with her genius, considering tho com»? tiona under which it worked. , Wo remember only that a certain crbativo mind has consou to frot itself ¡ and without furthor mention of Us faults, we ¿dd our sincere tribute to its fame. 