THE MUSE AT MOOT GAMBIER. Though the volcanos of this interesting district are extinct, and fire no longer issues from their vast craters, the nobler flame of poetic inspiration burns there with peculiar brightness. Never were such notes warbled by poet upon the bright slopes of Parnassus, as those which Georgius G r sent'up from Mount Gambier, on the 5th of this present month of May. With the modesty of true genius, the delightful lyrist conceals his name, and contents himself with enshrining his verses in the Poets' Corner of the Portland Chronicle. He cannot be permitted however, to give up to Portland what was meant for mankind. Thus does he burst into song :— "Ah ! lovely C canst thou leave me, Alone in sorrow and deep distress ? Alas ! that ever T did embrace thee, Or yet admire your sweet loveliness." Lovely C 's heart must be harder than adamant if she can resist this touching appeal. But promptly to assuage the sympathetic grief with which we fed that the reader's heart must already be choking, we premise, that a still Bmall voice of consolation and hope breathes through the final stanza—as will presently appear. Thus ha proceeds:— '^owlibW fjpldiv the night approach**; 5 Whea I behold that fond vacant plaoe, Whert?we «o often-had long dificources, And*&ettJ; you da$ng I did embrace." Mere verbal critics might w>k vAt the yacarit place was fond of, but, J*ods forefend that^nias sho^ trammelled by end^vounngto S§T« those cut-throtA bandits ip-the paths ot fame as Burns calls them. Bead verse three, however/ and admire "I Still-do think that I hear you speaking, And'that your voice I distinctly hear, Said'^^tiie tap you once gave at waking, echoing to my lone ear." Who woke, and whatvto tapped, does not appear distinctly,—but is not'" Maud "itself obstore in places. We incline to the opinion, howover that Georgius, one day when his poetic fire wan burning rather low ' went to sleep in lovely C—'s presence, and that in a just resentment her fair fingers inflicted the tap that went echoing to hu lone ear Sensations not agreeable at the moment are often stored up among the pleasures of memory. Gee ! Pegasus :— « Those phantoms now both late and early Disturb my peace and my rest and sleep, And leave me sorely in sorrow wailing Your absence truly in deepest grief." What "those phantoms" are we cannot guess, unless Georgius alludes to the ghost of a box on the ear. In that case, however, as he now writes in the plural number, his lone ear came in for more than he acknowledged in the .first instance. _ • The fifth verse, like the fifth proposition of Euchd, may be a bit of a " pons asinorum" to some people, but we would not for our part give the shadow of a brass farthing for a man who can read it without emotion. ' << Adieu my loving and dearest creature, Since I can't hear those fond accents sweet, That gently shone on your glowing features ^ And purely flowed from your lips so neat." Now we know what a nasty sour tempered critic would say—chilling with his very breath the warm expression of a young heart's noblest feelings He would say that accents do not commonly shine upon features however glowing ; but we say that a man who could « vex_ the noet's mind " with such a remark upon such an occasion has no music in his soul and is accordingly fit for nothing but " treasons, stratagems, and spoils " Let us proceed to the last verse, however, and even as a reader who has read every word of a number of PUNCH still longs for more and lingers over the advertisements, reluctant to admit that his intellectual feast is over, we cannot bear to part with either date or signature. " Farewell fond C , but not for ever, I'll live in hopes that thou wilt be mine, Again to meet, love, no more to sever, Till the bonds of hymen our hearts entwine. " GEORGIUS G R. • c Mount Gambier, May 5, 1857." Is it not Carlyle who declares true humour to be one of the finest and highest faculties of the human mind ! And is it not true that in many of the noblest poets one is doubtful whether to laugh or cry. Jacques in the forest- Burns addressing "Auld Clootie"—Thackerays Wamba entertaining Athelstane with his "mertylay" about the decay and death of youthful hopes and feeling's,—and hosts of others, remind us that it is and here comes Georgius G- r—last arisen but brightest of poetic luminaries—and establishes the same thing. Here has he been throughout his poem turning on "the sacred source of sympathetic tears, as Jackson would a Yan Yean water plug, and yet he ends with a jest— though one of that grim sort that may make some afflicted persons laugh somewhat too galvanically.. Does- the verbal critic see it-we'll be sworn not. • for these fellows, while they are like terriers after rats, when they get scent ot some little grammatical Blip—while they are for ever flinging the cold shade of Lindley Murray over young geniushare neither ear nor eye for the finer beauties of poetry. Read attentively, however. " Again to meet, love, no more to sever Till the bonds of Hymen our hearts entwine." F Profound philosopher ! Sly dog ! Even in the heat and fray- of a poet- lover's pasBion, recognising, with a keen intelligence, the proverbial difference between courtship and matrimony, and that though it iB almost death to separated from the " lovely C circumstances will, perchance, ha,ve altered cases, when she shall hav» become Mrs. G-. TUl then, may they never be severed. Subsequently MmjGr. may go off to spend a month with her dear mother, and Georgius -will probably not be without a secret satisfaction, and will snatch at the opportunity of having a racketty party or two,—of smoking, unchidden, in the parlour—possibly of having a hop at the Argy—but, no 1 We refrain; We cannot bear to trifle with the heart's best feelings. It is only with a delicate poetic touch like Georgius's that the sad change he hints at can be alluded to without offence. Welcome, welcome, Georgius G—r, among the ranks of the immortals. 