THE REV". AIR SPUROIfiON. The following extract is from a sermon preached in Park-street Chapel, hy the. llev. Mr Spurgeon, whose astounding popularity in the metropolis of the world throws a deep shade of interest into what lias proceeded from his lips. We can well imagine that with the powerful delivery Mr Spurgeon is represented us possessing, the following might be made peculiarly exciting to an ordinary class of hearers : — Mow conies the third question with which we are to finish What is that necessity which is laid upon us to preach the tiospei! I trust a very yreul part of that ne cessity springs from the cult itself. If a man be truly called of God to the ministry, I will defy him to with hold himself from it. A. man who has really within him the inspiration of the Iloly Ghost calling hiin to I preach cannot help it. Ho must preach. As fire ! within the- bones, so will that Influence be until it ! blazes forth. Friends may cheek him, toes criticise j him, dospisers sneer at liini, the mail is indomitable; lie must preach if lie has the call ot heaven. All earth i might forsake liiin ; but lie would preach to the barren | mountain-tops. If he has the call ot heaven, it he has i no congregation, lie would preach to the rippling water i falls, and let the brooks hear his voice, lie could not ! be silent, lie would become a voice crying in the wil i derness, " Prepare ye the way ot the Lord." 1110 more believe it possible to stop ministers than to stop the stars of heaven. I think it no more possible to make a man cease from preaching, if lie is really called, th an to stop some mighty cataract by seeking with an inlaut s cup to drink its waters The man has been moved ol heaven, who shall stop him r He has been touched ot God, who shall impede him r With an eagle s wing lie must Hy, who chain liini to the earth r M\ritli seraph s voice he must speak, who shall stop his lips r Is not his word like a lire within me r Must I not speak it God has placed it there 1 And when a man does speak as the Spirit gives him ulterence, he will teel a holj jovskin to heaven ; and when it is over lie wishes to be at his work again, and longs to h loiieemore pleaching. 1 do not think vouug men are calledot God to any great work who preach once a week, and think they have done their duty. I think if God has called a man, lie w. 1 impel him to he more or less constantly at it: and lie will feel that he must preach among the nations tlieun.seareh able riches of Christ. •2. Hut another thing wdl make us preach ; we shall feel that woe is uutu us if we preach not the gospel , and that is the sad destitution of this poor,fallen world Oh, minister of the gospel! stand for one moment and bethink thyselfof thy poor fellow creatures 1 bee them like a stream, rushing to eternity—ten thousand to their endless home each solemn moment fly 1 See the termina tion of that stream, that tremendous cataract which dashes streams of souls into the pit 1 Oil, lniiiistei, bethink tlivself that men are being damned each hour bv thousands, and that ouh time the puLe heats anotln r soul lifts up its eyes 111 hell, being in torments , bethink tlivself, how men are speeding on their way to destruction, how "the love of many waxeth cold, und " iniquity doth abound." I say. is there not a necessity laid npon thee? Is it not woe unto tliee it thou preachest not the gospel? Take thy walk one evening through the streets of London when the dusk lias gathered, and darkness volt the people. Mark vou not von profligate hurrying on to her accursed work i See vou not thousands and tens ot thousands annually ruined? Hp from the hospital and the asylum there comes a voice, "AVoeis unto you it we preach not the gospel, jo to that huge place built around with mas,ive walls; cuter the dungeons, and see the thieves who have lor years spent their lives in sin. W end your way sometimes to that sail square at Newgate, and see the mutdt vci hanged. A voice shall come from each house ol correc tion, from each prison, from each gallows, saving,^ ' \\\ oe is unto thee if thou preachest not the go-pel. Go thou to the thousand deathbeds, and mark how men arc per ishing in ignorance, not knowing the ways ot God See their terror as they uppr molt their Judge, never having known what it was to be saved, not even knowing the way; and as yoifsee them quivering hetovc then* Maker, hear a voice, " Minister, woe is unto thee it thou preachest not the gospel." Or take another course. Travel round this great metropolis, and stop at the door oL some place where there is heard the tinkling of hells, chanting, and music, hut where the whore ol Babylon hulh lmr sway, and lies are preached tin truth ; and when lliou emuest home and thinkest ot Popery and I'u-cyisni, let it voice come to thee, " Minister, woe is unto thee if thou preachest not tile gospel." Or step into the hall ot tile infidel where he blasphemes thy Maker s name ; or sit in the theatre where plays, libidinous antl lease, are acted, and from all these liaiiitlsof v ce there comes a voice, "Minis ter, woe is unto thee if thou preachest not the gospel." And take thy solemn walk down to the chambers ot the lost; let the abyss of holt he visited, and stand thou and hear " The sullen groans, the hollow moans, And shrieks of tortured ghosts." Put thine ear at hell's gale, and for a little while list to the commingled screams and shrieks ol agony and fell despair that shall rend thine ear ; and as thou e miest from that sad place with that doleful music.still nllright ing thee, thou wilt hear the voice " Minister ! minister 1 woe is unto tliee if thou preachest not the gospel." Only let us have these things hetore our eves, and we must preach. Slop preaching! stop preuchiny! Let ness. Let the waves stop their ebb and How, and still our voice shall preach the gospel. Let the woild stop its revolutions, let the planets stay their motion ; we will stdl preach the gospel. Until the fiery centre of this eartlishall burst through the thick rilis of her brazen mountains, we shall still preach the gospel; till the uni versal conllagration shall dissolve tile oaitli, and matter shall be swept away, these lips, or the lips of some others called of God, shall still thunder forth the voice of Jehovah. We cannot help it, "Necessity is laid upon us ;" yea, woe is unto us if we preach not the gospel. Now my dear hearers, one word with you. There ai'L some persons in this audience who are verily guilty in the sight of God because they do not preach the I'ospel. I cannot think out of the fifteen hundred or two thousand persons, now present, within the reach of mv voice, there are none who are qualified to crouch the o-o'spel besides myself. I have not so had an opinion of vou as to conceive myself to be superior in intellect to one half of vou, or even in the power of preaching God's word; "mid even supposing 1 should he I cannot believe that I have such a congregation that there are not among you many who have gifts and talents that qualify you to pvoaclTthe Word. Among the Scotch Baptists it is the custom to call upon all the brethren to exhort on the SaMiath morning ; they have no regular minister to prea-h on that oeeasaion, hut every man preaches who likes to get up and speak. That is all very well onlv I fear many unqualified brethren would he the greatest speakers, since it is a known fact, that men who have little to say will often keep on the longest ; and if 1 were chairman I should say. " Brother, it is written ' Speak to edification.' I am sure you would not edify yourself and your wife; you lull better go and tvv that first, and if you cannot succeed, don't waste our precious time." But still I say 1 cannot conceive but what there are some here this morning who are llowers " wasting their sweetness in the desert air," " gems of purest rav serene " Iving in the dark caverns of ocean oblivion. This is a very serious question. If there he any preachers in my congregation let them preach. Many ministers make it u poult to cheek young men in this respect. There is my hand, such as it is, to help any | if you think you etui tell to sinners Touiul what a dear Saviour you have 1'outid. 1 would like to find scores of ' preachers among you; would to God that all.the Lord's servants were prophets. There nve some here who ought to he prophets, only they are half afruid--well we must devise some scheme of getting rid of their bush fuhtess. I cannot bear to think that while the devil sets all his servants to work there should be one servant of Jesus Christ asleep. Young man, go home and ex amine thyself, see what thy abilities are, and if thou findest that thou hast abil'ity, then try in some poor humble room to tell a dozen poor people what they must do to he saved. You need not aspire to beiome absolutely and solely dependant upon the ministry, but if it should tile ise God even desire it. He that desiivth a bishopric desireth a good tiling. At any rate seek in some way to be preaching the gospel movement from this plucc which shall reach others; I want to find some in my church, if it be possible, who will preach the gospel. And mark you, if you have talent and power, woe is unto you if you preach not the gospel But oh 1 my friends, if it is woe unto us if we preach • not the gospel what is the woe unto yon if ye hear nor the gospel ? May God givu us both to escape from that woe '. may the gospel of God he unto us the Huviour of life unto life, and not of death unto death. 