lUbííU). Glimpses of the Beautiful : a Lecture delivered in Bothwell Schoolhouse, Tasmania, by J. B. PARK : Walch, Publisher, Hobart Town. 1857. APART from, and quite irrespective of the conflict of colonial politics, there exists a subject which all thoughtful men, interested in the future welfare of Tasmania, must hold to be of the very highest moment we refer to the moral and intellectual training of the rising generation. The gravest responsibility rests upon us, who, as heads of households, or fathers of families, are charged with the task of the moral regeneration of this fair land, who are called upon to lay such broad and sound foundations in the mind and heart of the community of the native born, as shall result in their standing side by side with any British community whatever : so that in the fullness of time, when the powers of social government shall have devolved upon those who must presently take our places, they may have been fitted for these duties by the training of conscience, reason, and sensibility. Now we are satisfied, after considerable experience, that, whether we speak of the superior or the humbler classes in this island, there is a far less average tendency to gross and positive vice, to sins of commission, so to speak, than is the ease with the youth of the old country. Not only so. We find that the mental ability, or power of apprehension, is at least equal in Tasmanian, and indeed in Australian young people, to those of the parent state. This then is a cheering foundation to work upon. There are, however, two points in the training of our youth which must be watched over and worked out satisfactorily. The first, which may be mainly, although not altogether, referred to the children of the humbler class, is a too frequent disregard of truthfulness. Upon this subject, which ends in a non-appreciation of the sanctity of oaths, we have upon a former occasion spoken. The second, with which we are now concerned, is the existence of a certain apathy, an indisposition to apprehend elevating influences which exist beyond the range of the material in short, a want of curiosity to discern the teachings which lie in the history of the past, and in the bosom of Nature. This indifference to the Beautiful, the converse of which was ever deeply felt in the heart of free and polite nations, has been perceived by several of our most intelligent schoolmasters and tutors during the last few years. And we doubt not that it strongly felt by the author of the Lecture to which it is a pleasant duty to draw public attention. Mr. Park is an excellent trainer of youth. We know that while he attaches to routine its full and proper weight, he at the same time possesses the valuable faculty of teaching young people how to think in the earnest discharge of duty he goes much further. If in the delivery of this or any similar lecture he should have called forth in the minds of his juvenile listeners one spark of noble or generous emotion-have quickened a single pulse with the stir of involuntary enthusiasm, we are satisfied, from the internal evidence of the lecture, that his pains will have been adequately rewarded. Mr. Park has handled the subject of the Beautiful under three points of view, the Beauty of Art, of Nature, - and moral Beauty. Under the first of these heads he has rapidly depicted the loveliness which encircles and interpenetrates music, poetry, painting, sculpture, and architecture, promising the pro- position asserted by a majority of writers, that the pleasurable effect arises more from associations connected with the contemplation of objects than from the objects themselves. We extract a portion of a passage which favourably represents the author's style. He is " ing of music : " The Fine Arts bid a beginning. Music is eternal. The first man lost it not with his primeval innocence ; it was left him as a lonely memento of the joys of Paradise, and it dwells still among us, giving all who can truly appreciate it, glimpses of that music which is sung by Saint and Beiaplum around the throne of The Eternal, The whole earth is full of it. There is music in the roar of the cataract in the low rippling sound of the running stream, as it leaps over its pebbled bed towards the morning sun-in the scream of the bittern, rising with dripping wings from its sedgy shallow-in the wind, sighing through the trees, or howling among the ruins of some antiquated cathedral. There is music, awfully grand in the thunder's roar echoing from peak to peak of mountain ranges. And who has not listened to the solemn deep, booming music of the six ging ocean, without feeling as if on the confines of eternity ? Where shall we go then for glimpses of the Beautiful here ? Enter you long drawn aisle and fretted vault, while the pealing anthem swells the note of praise,' passively listen, and allow them fancy the wings of the morning-where are we? Away in the company of angels, wheeling through illimitable space, onward and upward, while suns and systems are left behind and the transcendent beauties of another world seem to dawn on the dim distance of our imagination, when lo I the lost tremulous note of the anthem dies on the ear, and we awaken, as if from a glorious dream. " What mean the solemn, heavy tread of you company of brave men? What sounds are these that come from them as if laden with the sighs of a thousand woes The very air feels oppressed with such mournful strains, and reluctantly carries them to your ear Nature herself seems to have put on mourning-and why ? 'Tis a soldier's funeral, and the band is playing the dead march. All Music, to be beautiful, must embody the purest sentiment, whether married to songs of love, liberty or truth-to the mournful requiem for departed worth-to the triumphal song of an emancipated nation, or the glorious hallen- jaws of a redeemed soul." The Beauties of Nature offer a fertile theme for the pen of the essayist. The glory which is in the grass, the splendour which is in the flower mountain and valley, hill and sparkling river, present, in days of early impressionable youth, materials for future happy associations. Thus the native-born of this fair Tasmanian land may truly visit, and even admire the old country of his fathers. But " his heart untravelled, fondly turns to home," the voices of his infancy, the scenes of his childhood, the lonely but free independence of the forest, the arrowy rushing of the impetuous Derwent, the spring odours of the Mimosa bloom, with its exquisite leaflets and pale yellow branches of j 1 delicate tracery, the white and spectral trunks ' of eucalypti-those green-robed senators of ] aboriginal woods stall trees, which " dream all night without a stir, branch charmed by the earnest stars" all these things of nature appeal to his association, and attach him to Tasmania by thoughts which lie deeply planted in the human heart. Appropriately does our lecturer touch upon this theme : "But why do I ask your company to the other Mae of the world, when we have beauty around us, in hill and dale, in wood and very '» endless variety, Nod'uht the mountains of Tasmania may lack flint wild and rugged grandeur which characterizes Hel- yellow, or fronted. But the deep sombre foliage of the trees which find their sides to their very summits and, to the eye of the native youth, a beauty within sicalty its own. Though they want the remembrances that finger among the Grampians, still they say have associations, if less romantic, yet as tender and lovely. Wherever the years of our childhood way have been paused, by it in the frigid zone where nature is dwarf ish, stinted and bare-in the regions of perpetual summer, where trees, - plants, and flowers attain their most gigantic proportions and their perfect loveliness For in' more temperate climes, where the pleasing vicissitudes, of the Henson delight us by their very changes-in short, whatever place that spot of earth is we call Home there, and there alone, we fancy trim glimpses of the Beautiful to obtain." The author rises towards the close of his essay to the most lofty of all sources of the Beautiful-the Beauty of the Human Soul, " Let us enter, he says, " its precincts with feelings of reverential awe. It is holy ground, sanctified by the great, the noble, and the true." "There is a beauty in the march of the man was, returning!; amid the glad welcoming of thousands from effecting his country's deliverance, and crowned with the garlands of victory, is content with the tribute of-n nation's gratitude. There is a beauty in the next class course of the humble child of poverty, as he wends his way onwards through life, holding fast hhvinlvgrity, despite the temptations of want which., beset him at each step. There is a beauty in the character of a moralist who, after having enunciated great truths pregnant with blessings to society, meekly receives Um honours his labours have won, or, patiently hears his most dalling projects scouted, rejected, and despised, knowing that posterity will appreciate them, and his name, though now unhonoured and unknown, shall be pronounced by generations yet unborn with the most profound love. There is a beauty in the simple peasant shuffling her threads the live long day, content that she knows her Bible true, 'And in that charter reads with sparkling eyes, Ikl life to a trend in the skies.' He pays a graceful tribute to those noble ones who trod an unfrequented path to Heaven. And truly, when the more vulgar grandeur of man archs and conquerors shall have faded away, the names of Howard, and Wilberforce, of Florence Nightingale and Grace Darling, will be ever freshly remembered. They exemplify in their individuality the ascendancy of Moral Beauty. When such spirits pass away from this earthly stage of their existence, they industriously sink to rest. Their memories He embalmed in the love of many nations. Their names are made holy, by the sympathy of millions who never beheld them. We admire and quote Mr. Park's heartfelt tribute. Referring to the beauty of female heroism, " whether in the character of her who, lashed to the lifeboat, fearlessly grasped the oar in her womanly hand, and, like a thing of life, nobly rescued the shipwrecked mariners as they clung to the spars of their shattered bank ; or at the character of her whose lovely name will be to many a joy for ever.', 0, how like an angel of Mercy did she glide among the wounded and plague-stricken, administer- ing, so tenderly, those numberless little comforts which the hand of a woman only can administer ! Or at the beauty displayed in the character of the lowly mother the name- less ones of earth, whose unobtrusive loveli- ness shines, like a sun in the centre of their children, to be again reflected on society in deeds of heroism, philanthropy, and love. But we must leave them all. May their actions stimulate us, our children, and unborn genera- tions to works as noble and true." We have said that the author of this Lecture is a schoolmaster of more than ordinary merit. In so saying he will pardon us when we assert that upon him, and such like him, in this Tasmania of ours, there rest more than ordinary responsibilities. To him and his colleagues is assigned a share in framing the Heart of this future Nation. His fellow-workers in this task are judges and ecclesiastics, legislators and statesmen, magistrates, professors in each art, science, and knowledge We may aptly close this notice by setting forth this instructive remembrance more clearly in words of genius-unhappily fragmentary uttered fifty years ago before the University of Cambridge by one long since taken to his rest. We need not apologize for the length of the extract : " We will venture to say how, in the mercy of God to man, this Heart comes to a nation, and how its exercise or affection appears. It comes by priests, by lawgivers, by philosophers, by schools, by the nurse g care, the mother's anxiety, the father's severe brow. It comes by letters, by science, by every art; by sculpture, painting, and poetry by the song on war, peace, virtue, a beloved and magnanimous king; by the Iliad, by the Odyssey, by tragedy, by comedy. It comes by sympathy, by love, b,,. the marriage union, by friendship, generosity, meekness temperance by every virtue and example of virtue. It comes by sentiments of chivalry, by romance, by music, by decorations and magnificence of buildings; by the culture of the body, by fashions in clothing and dress, by luxury, by commerce. It comes by the serenity, melancholy, and benignity of the countenance, by rules of politeness, ceremonies, formalities, solemnities. It comes by the rites attendant on law and religion, by the oath of office, by the venerable assembly, by the judge's procession and trumpet, by the disgrace and punishment of crimes; by public prayer, public facts; by meditation, by the Bible, by the sacred festival, by the cathedral's gloom and choir; by catechising, by confirmation, by the burial of the Head, by the observance of the Sabbath, by the Sacraments, by the preaching of the Gospel, by faith in the atonement of the Cross, by the patience and martyrdom of the Saints, by the sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost! WHENCE the Heart of a nation comes, we have perhaps sufficiently explained; and it must appear to what most awful obligations are held those from whom this Heart takes its texture and shape; our king, our princes, our nobles, all who wear the badge of office or honour all priests, judges, senators, pleaders, interpreters of law, all seminaries of education, all parents, all learned men, all professors of science and art, oil teachers of manners. Upon them depend the fashions of a Nation's Heart. By then it is to be chastised, refined, and puri- fied. ' By them is the State to lose the character and title of a beast of prey by times are the iron scales to fall off, and be succeeded by a skin of youth and beauty, of fresh- ness and of polished 