'THE IRISH BRIGADE' VINDICATED IN THE AMERICAN CONGRESS. The following spirited passage is extracted from a speech delivered last February, in the Hall of i Congress, by the Hon. John Kelly, a representative of the great state of New York, in reply to some sneering allusions made by Henry Winter Davis, of Maryland, to the part taken by the Irish in favour of Mr. Buchanan, at the late Presidential election. But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Baltimore city was not satisfied with lecturing the northern democracy for the grave offence of standing by the rights of the South under the Constitution, and of declaring, as they have done, that agitators and de magogues, led on by a spirit of fanaticism and intolerance shall no longer endanger the Union by their treasonable plots and their mad crusades. His ambition seems restless and insatiable, for he cannot conclude his speech without trying a bout with what he denominates the ' Irish Brigade.' What par ticular class of our fellow-citizens this fling was aimed at, I am at a loss to conjecture. There is a body known 'to history under that appellation — a body of historical reputation whose deeds of bravery on every battle-field of Europe have long formed the glowing theme for the poet's genius and the sculptor's art. But, sir, they were too pure to be reached by. the gentleman's sarcasm — too patriotic to he measured by his well conned calculations of the ' loaves and fishes' which have unfortunately slipped through his fingers — too brave to he terrified by the menaces or insults of those who would justify brutal murder-— the murder of defenceless women and helpless children — the sacking of dwellings and the burning of churches, under the insolent plea of ' Summary punishment.' Sir, the ' Irish Brigade' of history was composed of patriots whom oppression in the land of their birth had driven to foreign countries to carve out a home and a name witli their valour and their sword.. The brightest page, sir, of the history of Prance, is that which records the deeds and names of the ' Irish Brigade.' France, how. ever, was not the only country in which the ' Irish Brigade' signalized its devotion to liberty, and its bravery in achieving it. Sir, the father of your own navy was one of that band of heroes who shed lustre on the land of their birth while they poured out their life-blood for the country of their adoption. John Barry was a member of the ' Irish Brigade' in America — he who, when tempted by Lord Howe with gold to his heart's content, and command of a line-of-battle-ship, spurned the offer with these words — ' I have devoted myself to the cause of my adopted country, and not the value or command of the whole British fleet could seduce me from it.' He who, when hailed by the Britisli in the West Indies, and asked the usual questions as to the ship and captain, answered— -' The United States ship Alliance, saucy Jack Barry, half-Irishman, half Yaiikee. Who are you.' Sir, saucy Jack Barry, as he styled himself, was the first American officer that ever hoisted the stars and stripes of our country on board a vessel of war. So soon as the flag of the Union was agreed on, it floated from the mast- head of the Lexington, Captain John Barry, But Cap tain John Barry was not the only member of the ' Irish Brigade' whose name comes down to us with the story of the privations and bravery of our revo lutionary struggle. Colonel John Fitzgerald was also of that immortal hand. Of this member of the ' Irish Brigade,' I will let the still living member of Washington's own household, the eloquent and venerable Curtis, speak : ' Col. Fitzgerald,' says G. W. P. Curtis in his ? memoirs of Revolutionary heroes, ' was an Irish officer in the old Blue and Buffs — the first volun teer company raised in the South in the dawn of the revolution, and commanded by AVashington. In the campaign of 1778 and retreat through the Jer seys, Fitzgerald was appointed aid-de-camp to Washington. — At the battle of Princeton occurred that touching scene,, consecrated by history to ever lasting remembrance. The American troops, worn down by hardships, exhausting marches, and want of food, on the fall of their leader, that brave old Scotchman,' General Mercer, recoiled before the bayonets of the veteran foe. Washington spurred his horse into the interval between the hostile lines, reining up with the charger's head to the foe and calling to his soldiers, ' Will you give up your general to the enemy V The appeal was not made in vain. The Americans (I hope the gentleman from Maryland will pardon Mr. Curtis for includ ing Col. Fitzgerald in their number — and attribute it to an excess of patriotic fervour in the venerable historian) faced about and the arms Were levelled on both sides, Washington between them, even as though he had been placed there as a target for both. It was at this moment Colonel Fitzgerald .eturned from conveying an order to the rear, and here let us use the gallant veteran's own words. He said, ' On my return, I perceived the general immediately between our line and that o( the enemy, both sides levelling for the decisive fire that was to decide the fortune of the day. Instantly there was a roar of musketry followed by a shout. It was the shout of victory. On raising my eyes, I discovered the enemy broken and flying, while, dimly amid the glimpses of the smoke, was seen Washington alive and unharmed, waving his hat . and cheering his comrades to the pursuit. I dashed my rowels into my charger's flanks and flew to hia side exclaiming, ' thank God, your Excellency's safe.' I wept like a child for joy.' This is what history tells us of another member of the ' Irish Brigade.' Now sir, if the gentleman from Maryland will only sup press his horror, and listen with patience, I will tell him what tradition adds concerning this brave aid de-camp of Washington, this hold and intrepid Irishman. After peace was proclaimed and our independence achieved, after the Constitution had been put in operation and Washington filled the office of chief magistrate ot the nation, he sent for his old companion in arms, then living in Washing ton's own county of Fairfax, and invited him to accept the lucrative civil office of collector of the customs for the port of Alexandria. TMb tradition will be found to correspond with the records of the treasury department, on whicli may be read in the entry, that Colonel John Fitzgerald was appointed collector of the customs at Alexandria, Virginia, by George Washington, President of the United States, April 12, 1702.— Thus we find that the Father of his country, were he now living, would come under the denunciations of the gentleman from Maryland and his Know- Nothing associates for conferring office on one of the Irish brigade. But sir, I would tire the patience of this House were I to select even one out of every thousand of the patriotic names of the ' Irish brigade' strewed along the pages of our history, from the very dawn of the revolution down to the hour when our flag floated orer the palace of the Montezinnas. Wahninci to Sookkkhs at Religion. — A correspondent of tho Ulster- man observes as quoted bolow ! Wo muy premise by expressing ourhopo that the awful character of tho cases whioh ho records may operate to oliook indulgence in Orangoo3wellas fanatical bliisphomy. The melan oholy event occurred at a short distance from Lurgan, in a distriot whioh mny bo tormod tho hot bed of Orangoism, whore tho inhabitants seem to think that thoy havo discharged nil the duties of Christian and loyal subjects when thew beat ' tho bit; drum,' curse the Pope, and inook thoinys serios ot the »jatnoiic religion : — un ihb zou momuv, a mannamod Wright had been drinking with Bomo comrades, and on their way homo thoy woro cur sing the Popo and tho Cntholio religion, and culling' out for the face of a Papist. Wright was the most outrageous of tho party, nnd lie nttored his imprc» cations with such denioniaa malignity that some of his comrades were shocked, and rebuked him for his horrid impiety. Ho had reached within a short distance of his house wlion ho loudly roared out 'To hell with Popo and Popery,' and jumping up with a fierce gesturo of deflanco ho full on tho roud. His companions lifted him up, and were horror struck to disoovor that ho was struck deaf, dumb, I and blind, and us they stood around him in speooh less wonder ho breathed liis last. His awfully sudden death made a strong impression on many of his acquaintances. — Louth Advertiser) Job Smith's Brother on Mormonism. — Win. Smith, brother of the founder of Monuouism, writes a letter to the New Yorlc Tribune, iu which ho states that he has ceased to be a Mormon, having been disgusted with the immoral and treasonable practices of the Salt Luke saints, On tho 15th of July a meeting of the General Association for the Australian Colonies was held in London, Mr. Wentworth in the chair, at which Mr. De Salis submitted a motion in favour of the colonies being represented in the Imperial Par liament. The feeling of the meeting was opposed to the motion, and it was ultimately withdrawn. A case, in every circumstance most ex traordinary in criminal annals, lias beon tried in Glasgow. A young lady, Miss Smith, was arraigned for poisoning her lover, a youns; man named L'Angelior. They been inn acquainted early in 1855 ; fell in love, and continued to correspond during 1856 j thoir letters professing iho most ardent affection in the wildest terms. However, towards the beginning of tho present year, a coolness seomed to havo como between them, and another suitor, a Mr. Minnoch, proposes for Miss Smith, whom sho is willing to accept. But L'Angelior had no notion of giving her up. Ho did not, it appears, insist on her marrying him, but ho would not allow hoi- to marry anyone else. It was in vain that sho wrote to him that their love had mutually grown oold, and that thoy had better forget each other. He would show her lottors to her father and to Mr. Minnocli if the match was not at once broken off. This was the motive for the crime alleged by the prosecution. It was proved at tho trial that Miss Smith had frequently purohnsed arsenic, that previous to his death L'Angolior had became on two occasions sick, after visiting her, attributing his illness to cocoa he had drank with her. The night 'of his death, tho 22nd March, ho goes out at 9 o'olock, as he tells a friend, to see the prisoner. A lottor of Miss Smith's is found in his pocket imploring nn interview for the day provious. Tho question is, — Did they meet ? The prisoner says no ; that the interview was for Saturday not Sipday. Tho prosecution assorts that thoy did/ At all events L' Angolicr is found four hours afterwards iu agonies at his own door. He is doubled up, speechless, and lias not strength to turn the latchkey. Ho dies, and dies of arsenic. The prosecution aver that ho is poisoned by the prisoner ; sho declares her innocence, nnd suggests that he must havo done it himself in afit of jealousy. Avcrdict 'not proven' was returned. Tho trial had created the greatest interest — it was watched with the keenest anxiety by the public iu tho columns of the newspapers, whore long and minuto reports of the proceedings were given i tho courthouse wliero tho trial took placo was thronged by a crowd of people, attention and oxcitemont appeared on every face but one, and that was the faco of tho nceusod. A char^o the most frightful was being urged against her with all tho eloquent and legal tact of able counsel, letters written by herself, of a kind to cover most women with confusion, wero read in public court and reported, and yet she flinched not, but main tained tho samo unnatural composure to tho last. Tho law has declared her innocent of tho crimo imputed, but innocent or guilty, tho bearing of Miss Smith during her nine day's trial has made her now, and for some timo to come, one of tho trondcrs of tho world. St. Mary's, Moohfields — Sermon by the Cardinal AnciiBiauor. — On Whit Sunday his Eminence tho Cardinal Archbishop officiated, and preached at the Pro- Cathedral. His Emi nonce took for his text, tho woi'ds— ' I am come to send flro upon the earth, aud what will I but that it be onkindled.' After some introductory remarks the Cardinal observed that flro possessed two especial characteristics, giving both light and heat, and ho remarked upon the difference between arti ficial and natural light. If he attempted to light that ohuroh, or, still moro, ono of our old magnifi cent cathedrals, by any number of artificial lights, it would be found that there wero cornors and recesses which wore still enveloped in darkness. But if he waited until the morning, and wore then to allow the sun to enter by oven ouo window, its light would bo diffusivo, and would penetrate every where, so that it would be impossible that there should be any difference of opinion as to the stylo of tho architecture, or tho colour of any object in tho building. And this afforded an illustration with reference to subjects of religious controversy. In the Catholic Ohuroh all her membors woro per fectly united in faith and obedience, and there was no difference of sontimont as to tho number or nature of tho Sacraments, or with regard to any other doctrine. How was this ? Tho only ex planation that could be given was, that tho Church was illumined by the Holy Spirit, and that tho light of faith gave them an advantage in this res pect whicli was not possessed by others, who wore guided by uncertain and artificial lights, aud were consequently divided in opinion. What one affirmed to be a reality and iv Sacrament, another regarded as a merely symbolical rite, and these differences woro even moro strongly marked amongst their Clergy and teachers. Surprise had sometimes been expressed that whilo large numbers of persons, of all classes and conditions in lifo, submitted to tho authority of tho Catholic Church, so few were found to join othor religious commu nities. But tho reason was evident. Those who possessed tho light were conscious of tho blessing they enjoyed, and nothing could induce them to enter or return to the darkness of error and un certainty. But flro was not only a means of light — it was also a sort of heat : and in liko manner the gift of tho noly Ghost — that Divino flro whioh was enkindled that day in tho World and tho Church— convoyed both tho light of faith and the fire of Divino charity. This charity was twofold, having roforence both to God aud man ; and it was tho love of our neighbour which was the proof and manifestation of our love of God. When wo look at Jthe speeches and leoturos against tho Catholic Church, whioh woro reported from day to dnv diirins that month especially, ho found it most difficult to believe that those who interested them selves so much about us were sincerely doBirous of our welfare. Such expressions wero irreconcil able with tho belief that thoso persons woro actuated by motives of charity towunl-s us j and it could not bo supposed thut they woro 'impelled by tho Holy Ghost, tlod forbid (said his Eminonce) that any Catholic, whether priest or layman, should indulge in suoh expressions towards any ono, or should think otherwise than well and kindly of all, even though soparutod from us. Though tho household of faith hud tho first claim— thoso who were united with us in tho communion of Saints, and in tho participation of the samo holy Sucramonts— yet we must not stop thero, but exhibit a charitablo de meanour towards thoso nl«o who wero unfortunately separated from us. Charity wns tho virtuo which would outlive time and acuompauy us to tho heavonly country, when faith would be changed to sight. Wo must desire that thoro might bo ' ono fold and ono Shepherd,' but, in the meantime, wo must bear oursolves in suoh a manner to those who were without, that. Hioy might bd attracted towards, o.nd not ropollod from us. Not even for the good of roligion must wo allow ourselves to be betrayed into any other course. Ho had himself had docu ments placod in his hands, proceedings upon whicli must havo had tho effect of utterly destroying tho characters of some of those who were most opposjd to us, and whoso conduct and ltmguago woro most injurious ; but no Bishop could allow such means to be used, oven for tho advancement of religion, or consent to build up tho characters of some by tho Rnnriflco of others. Wo must forogo all auoh means of promoting oven good objects, and Gtod would mnko it up to us in somo other w»y, and would certainly protect His own cause, and make cvon tho wrath of our enomios subsorve good purposes. After snmo further romarks on this subject the Cardinal concluded his discourse, and tho Mass was rosumod. A general order has been issued by tho Ilbrio Guards, calling tho attontion of officers to the condition of their rogimantul schools. Tho ordor says it is scarcely less essential to the Boldior to be able to read write, and koop his own accounts, than to bo acquainted with his drill, and it directs that for tho future every soldier, after boing diBinissod from his drill, shall attend school as a duty, until ho is reported upon as sufficiently advanced in read ing, writing, and arithmetic. No fcosaro to bo re quired, and at least four hours' oltcmlnnro 'each I week is to bo givou to school by all men. No man 1 is to be considered eligible for promotion to corpo ' nil, unless in tho Hold, who has not been dismissed this class. For promotion to tho rank of Borgoant i higher qualifications may be expected ; and it must bo well understood that those men who will avail themselves most intelligently of tho moans of im provement within their reach will bo gonerally pre ferred for promotion whore in respect to conduct and soldior-liko bearing they aro eligible for it, aud uegleot so to do will be regarded as a disqualification. 