:_ÂAtiSÂX'-MECtlXNIOS'' INSTITUTE. j ' A'new 'mechanics' instituto)'from designs'by Mesar: Xookwbod end Mawson, rirohitoots,' Bradford,'was oporto nt'Halifax on 'Wednesday' January ;14,,'whonr.á .publi tolrie was''Jheld 'in; tho'1 hall '-of.> the' new ' building -Upwnrds of OOO perspns were proBcnt ; and among tjli principal guests woro Lord Whorrioliffa/tho Hbh. Edwi Xaícellés, AriP.i'Mr. F. Crossley)'M.R.)'Mr.'Bl.Monokto Milnes," M.P.; Dr'.' Solid with, C.B:;' M'r.' E.' Baines, Mi H.' Ed words, 'Mr.'É) Akroy'd, Mr. J".' Wit'wprtk (Mayor j < llaljiX»?.),'.^^^^ Äcl. j I. -Mn Crossley, tho president of tho institution, présider j and read, a Jotter from Sir C: Wood, tho. First Lord |c tlio Admiralty. andlono of th'e. representatives in' Foi I linment 'for l'Halifax) ¡regretting/his.- inability; .thrbugl I indisposition;.to attend tho »o/ré« as ho had intended ?Tho^chairman said he bad also recelvéd letter's of opolog fdr non-attendance :frora Xord..Stanley,'!Xord .Goderiijl Slr E, B. Lytton, Sir Joseph Paxton,' ,Sir Robert Tee] »nd Mr. S.,Warren. Tho chairman concluded by collin .upon'- '- 't" "'..' ' .' '?!.'.''. .'.rc!; 'ii ; -'''. ' j : Mri R. M. Milnes,'M.P., who was received with mud applaused by tho assomblyi, nftetva'fewl introductory rd marks, proceeded to siiy,'-One difficulty of not having resolution i-i that ono is driven so dreadfully into gonern lities; and therefore tho ono thing for me" will be to tall generally on perhnps national education ; but that is rip only a very general subject, it may also'bo '¿.too 'phrtioù lnr subject: ("Hei»r,' hear," and' a'lough.) .'.Not .that! : think that in general circumstances there is any' reasoi why any great matter which affects tho social'interest of this great country, and which at tho1 samp1 time doo not touch upon party politics, should not bo within, thi capacity of thoBo institutions. I wish thoscihstitutiens'ti bo as real as possible, and I wish them to shrink' fron contact with no real difficulty. At the same limo I * an conscious I am not in a position to como hero and giyi any important weight by my opinion in such a matter and therefore' it would not bo wino of mo.to introduce it I will meroly say I hope you will.keep it in your minds for, though it may not bo in the discretion of the proson or any other Government to press this subject,' I trus you will not forgot tbo great destitution in thia rospc'cl whioh is apparent to every man in this country., I hop« you will not forgot, when you walk along your streets that there are children going along thom-who do no know, even the very foundations of ordinary educatior -that you will not forgot that there aro growing up ir, tills great country of oura villagos, almost towns, risinj at the mouth of a coalpit, or connected with tho terrainui ola railroad, a grand conglomeration of mankind, and that it is an important question whothor tho childron ol these places grow up heathens or. Christian mon. (Hear hear.), But, gentlemen, there,are certain subjects con nootod with this question which I think it may .- not bc unadvisabia. that X-should allude to..? -There is one subject .which is attracting a 'very great deal of1 attention at thia moment- namely, the present condition of.what is called our criminal population. (Hear, hear.) I will not touch upon that question in any political son soi because'] .am suro wo shall novo quite enough of it in tho approach ing- session of Parliament, ? and,; perhaps,; before, many months are over you moy bo so 'entirely .bored - with it that you will think it only a less evil than: having-youl own-'houses'broken'-into. "(Laughter.) -T will only touch upon this question because X wish you to soo two matters whioh it is important that you and'every person interested in this question should'keep distinct, namely, tho accidental circumstance of a large number of our "criminal population .being thrown upon ,tho country, arid tba general quokioh as to the treatment of our criminals. Circumstances necessitated a spécial,' rind, perhaps) im- ported measure with reference to, tho ..latter, but with this I think w;e have n'pthirig ,'to, do. .You know, how difficult it would bo for any... Government to meet this questiou fairly ; andi hope that', whatever Government comes to'the consideration' of i 'it ..svq, sholl..wólgh overy proposal calmly núd:8d'vÍ8cdly....You.know that circurri Htrmpps.overjNhich wo have: no control,.have, in a' "great "degree, dono,away with that system of transportation by which so vory large a portion of our oriminal population was absorbed into n different state.of society at tho other end of the world, both/or their,good, because they got on.vory well, and for our!oivu(:boöause \vo- were rid. bf them, entirely. - (Laugetor,,; and,!,' Hear,', hear..'!). Cir- cumstances,- howevcoviovec whioh wo have no control,: but which hi. the samei time ,wei-might bave.ioxpocted, necessitated such a stoto of things, though \ I, am ; sorry to .say, nor,preparation, was ¿mode by..tho Adminis- trations of this country,.for suob, a contingency and suoh a dangar) ,1 moy also say, without regard'.to. anyipnrty, that.it is,toa juuoh tho.-habit of:tho administrations! of thia country, to, act ;upon: the,- Micawber i principle. \- (laughton) "You inost of you remember Mr.: Micawber in bno;of,Mr. Diokens's bpoks*who was always, expect ing something would turn up whioh never,did. On the! sairie'principlo our Governments, though expecting, that .the colonies.would not continue-to -t» t<»- ;*>-,v-,-J,f,1,?,t,is wm ui our nanas, and fuottuo.tlrno,would como whon this convict population be' thrown upon tho country, have gone on in tho' face ' of snell 'a oontingonoy over'. expecting that something might turn 'up; the .Govern-. monté'have neted on'the-principle that something might ton .up, -for .that .'? they'-''might1 ; bo; ''. turned'-'; Put themselves, and thou it might bo "very comfortable tqr;put7 an ~joppaneht~in~7a 'HxV'[;(IToar,:Vhear.) I do not seo what is'to' bptho result of this'stato of thtagç, but beyond 'aníd 'abóve'j tlmt^s' tho,'question, bf hbw'.wp 'aro to /provide:-for j that, large portion pf our population, from walch tho. groat part'of pur.crim'irials'spnng.¡[That is a great' oue'stiori-Ythat is^a[ reformatory question thnt'is on'cdticaU'onal quostipn'-^and'n question'which it is."within ''the, jiórapáss of "every, ono ¿f^s^in somp. dagrèè,-' to.ássist,in' examining .arid,'.solving.' , (Hear, hearO^' Xhoi-efoVipi ,'I/c'all -upon, you",' as.,far as you can possibly'bond,your mind's,in tho,mattor,.to,assist,in every good work'prosecuted for that object. (Hoar, h?ar.)" I_w8uld. also nmko..a.Kencral.remark, that it i's important, in the oducatipn of.tbp pooplo of this country, [to have regard' to' their political development. 1 know1 very w'oll that politios aro,! excluded' nominally from every| such sp'ciety' iias,[this, but I also know,that an old man and' a great philosopher a .long timo ago said,. "1 call' everything "political, that has .to do with the human soul and its,improvement.", And it is. tho genius of tho English' people, tb make all great national questions moro or less political,,and .therefore I am satisfied you must, qcver for, n moment suoposo you can. koop,asunder your intellectual and,political existence,! with this satis- faction,'hbwovor, tb' .ourselves, that every thing .that 'educates you tb become in tolligont 'mea vroll educate you to bo good and honourable citizens. .Therefore it is thal I ennnot understand that any.pian, should bo the oppoj ribnf bf education who is ai ,ttip samo timo fqyournb.lp.to thé political advancement of tho.peoplo.' .'The t\yo, things muât gb ' together,', ibr' only in proportion as tho peoplo of this ..cbu^ntry are [fairly,.c'duoatpd-in -proportion at thoir intelligence is fairly dovolopcd and fairly used will'-bb tho oxtonsiori pf,.tho political, power which¡may bb'given'. * In'that point bf,.vjew,.and with tlioso.oonr violions, I-Boo no reason whatever why nny-of us should distrust, any extension of political 'noWer to tliq mnRscs bf tliis'country,'¿rovidcd that such extension.bf political 'power -be accompanied with" sound- universal education. (Hènr, hoar.)1 JLndiés'and gentlemen, you hnya motfor tho first time this overling in this beautiful'room. You yviU;'many;;ôî,ypu", hávó^cqrrip fjij.'ifwitu'pi^ '^ith'influéncoa Uiàt cannot, fail tb[b,q ol' advantage, ¿na .Wliiohj I havo rid doubt, rire vividly prosont to inany ,of ybti., _Xpu .will .romembor.what tho .institution, liasL.boeh, nnd liTlhis splendid edifico ybu'wjll Veo what it may be, (Henr, jhear.),' I.. >vill, call u[pon thop.yqung: mon or Halifax .ta plaice, ibis place, tho, groat publio sohool, tho university^ 'of|"tiiis, tovyri. -,(Hoar,; hoar.), ¡ Xouilmow.Jt lias been «old bf these institutions that they havoi not exactly answered tho expectations of thoir founilors. No doubt, f-Dr. "BirKboqk'intonded'them [tp'npply almost entirely"tb tho'tirlisan class'; whoreas tlipy have beoomo tho 'institution, generally, bf tho groat middle olassos of thfB country.. I_should_. rpgrot .tbifj tho.moro if I did not seo [thatytbore arc. evorywhoro also rising .up,,side by sido'witb these institutions, o(hor institutions aapooially adapted tb what are called tho working olassoa. iVou hávo most.of you heard of the People's Üollcgo in Lon- don, and of q similar institution in Sbcfllold nnd: other "towns j.','ond..tho,'other ¡day tho University of.London passed a,!deoreo.,,attaohing, to,ita body, tho ..People's Collogo'.of Xondon-ahd: giving^ to its mombora oil tho privllegos, nod nil tho advantngoa of a groat central tirilvorslly. inj this, Idngdpm.. fHqar,) .1 oonsidoi'tlmt a' very great boon to'"tho "working mon of tbisooitntry,' beaauso I bflliovo that tho working mon of- thin country] are'tho jreal .stamina frbm> willah lall' our grentnosB procoeds. (Hear, li car.) ",'Gbntlomon, I romonibor somb time ago meeting a man in tho 'highest position in sooioty (andi mention this, ns nn illustration of what J havo Btatod)»L.who tadd mo thabho boliovod the happiest eonoeiVable, dita, waa', thnt^of -a man-born in the low'ost position, aompatiblo- with.'a-> good oduoation, ' . rising' gradually'by.his'owniefforts nnlil ho attains'tho highost! social position inihlsnntivo country. '(Appla.uso.) 'Loti us thank. God that this is possible for 'dvory 'ono Of UB, ; and that wo livo in a country whero wo may fairly Bay so. (Hoar, hear.) It was only tho other day that nn instanao prosontod itself which strlltos mo tue moro forcibly because, lt was'conpectod with a similar institution ( ,lhi» in- a;]owi> Jwliiob I Uavo tho honour lo represon Pontefrnot, "A citizen of that town told mo lio was tb son of a small shopkeeper, from which ho lind risen to position..of. Jjiyh-rospoot-in- that- town -from-hi ("ow oxortions, having roceived his mechanical education in mechanics', instituto. That gentlemm ls not unkuow here; it was Mr. WqodI__tho.in.vontor.-of_improvo maoliin'ery for th'e"ran'ntfaoturp pf carpets. (Hear, hear, Such are the results'of individual exertion, and the re foi it was that.T.was astonished tho other'.doyftb seb'iH* thr groat,' organ Pf,Eugliah' \Ii(o'ra't,úro ' and,' opinion-Tit Time» 'newspaper-the' idea' .prbmu^Ratbd .that' it- wa doutful whether thoro wns nriy corinection'botwoen eduor 'tion andyirtue-^whetbprüw '-B'S the 'consequencei inf th'o extension of educntibn,;Tjndie rind geritlemeni^thjsastbniiih'pd^ra'o'ver}' milch) oom in from such a 'quarter;ItJastbnisliod mb"vbryli.'muol in.,"itself, because,'}quito, apart!:from.all great'religiod and moral questions, it. does sequi-tot me an insuHto Od pom mon sense for any ono to,tell us that it is not a gren .preservativo of virtue, in.ordinary casos of.orirae, for , man. ito start, lifo, with., a good . education: Toko th . simplest and commonest reason in tho.mutter-seo'hoi i many'irien 'fall into evil oourses from ignorance and wanl -Let-us take- two -young men-in-. the-samo' Tank "of lif commencing-tho' world together, ,'the, ono well educated and having nil his powers carefully trained and devielppei '-tho other ignorant; and his ihtellectü-,1 powers dorman -does ir.;.not,, stand to reason ,'ihaYtho one .'would bi much more,likely tb' gívo wiy'wlibq exposedtpv?tb,mptu Hion than the other?' '(HéoV/Uióar.)' Don't ybïfalsi suppose that", tho; qmok'ij'ç.norc^ iñfellígenci 'gives will.' enable' a,ra°ap tol'efèo that an honest and jus ocurso of, Jife ,'}s mbrpjlikoly- .toleod him to-prbsperit; ;andJlvirlùoLthan_'if. ho .pursues -his ivay-in ignorance, .(Hear, hoar.): I ara, :surqjyou;.ato not; tho persons ti jadmit suoh,a fallaoy-I am, sure you are ¿not the. person: , to admit sùoh à conclusiones that drawn by SHe Hime$ '.Therefore,1,calí upon you, tho young men .ospbóiálly, ti take,advantage of this institution,'so that.whon you leavi thia, placo you may carry with you pleasant': memories and., decorate these . walls, now,- bare,: with your ' owr -happy , recollection'.'.jot' things ^you :havo learnt 'hore of tho 'information; ypui have acquired, iand .of . thi .?knowledge.. i which r has - laid > the foundation ' o your career, in -lifo; and. when/- in after-and- maturei years, you.oonoo back again as the'.honoured citizens o the town of .which you aro now Jinhabitonts, ,ypu wil .perhaps, not- bave: felt, any regret, that on-Va-tcertait evening, such as this you. attended nt the inauguration pf, this building. . Ladies and gentlemen, these feeling are, strong ¡in all of us, and , you cannot realise them botter than by making tho instruction given lin this in. . stitution-t real . sud . oarnost..' ? "-Every doy -impresses UÏ moro, with . tho -necessity .of your, making education something-real and earnest, - Do-not,-when-you - com« -hore for help, and amusement, think that that ÍB all, thc education you require, for, although.¡if.amusement ie judicious; it is almost aa ¡ good aa instruction,' something moro iä i oquired. God requires that all the: powers He ¡has given to mau should bo cultivated-not only-hie powers ofjearniug and receiving, but also his powers ol sympathy and'igcueral 'interest.', .Attach - importance tc all . thpso ,.thinga ; . follow .tho course of lecture's in this hall)'even, upon'subjects'tot the bottom: of iwhich' you have not gone. , Follow them with, that intelligent i in- terest jWhioh, is, ia itself good; and whioh will lead to .still bettor things. . Don't-by any.means distrust your power ,to ; acquire .knowledge; ,for anything; yon may acquire hero will perhaps como oiit .hereafter in a way you . little expectod. (Hear, hear.) . Moko this hall tho great ^testing place of your own montai powers, and then I'ora sure that great advantage willrresult from, .this ; institu- tions (Hoar, boor.) . Don't be discouraged ; have, confi- dence that tho honest, earnest work of each of you, even ot . the moment when it' seems to bo hilt thrown away, 'will,! Uko i tho groin of mustard seed; enlarge'and oxtand, and 1 become . o benofit . to- mankind. Don't let, bny Englishman distrust his own powers. Know that you rara English citizens, Englishmen Hving.under one, of tho 'wisest constitutions, and 'in.!, tho happiest society .1 God lins placed upon this earth.. Uso these means wall; and. ; then .'.'you'. 1 will ' bless .this institution. ' (Loud iCheora.).. i . .:, ,7 ?; .' - - The. Chairman , then Elated that Afr. Brown,-who loft , Halifax.when a boy, and went to- London, and, who ' had risen'jto ,eminonco as. a.merchant and,Partner in tho house of Messrs. Todd, Morrison, nnd/Co.,, had ' sent . without solicitation,.100-guinoas-towards this institution. (Oboers.), ; r ... , , "Vf-. ! Tba hom E. Lascelle*,': M.1V, briefly acknowledged - the i honour which bad been done.him by inviting him. tb. bo presan ton that occasion, oud. then, proceeded to refer to :tho. reformation of juvenile offenders. It'was' a' 'sub-' eot in whioh be had itaken considerable interest in'oon i junction .with /Mr. Wheatley who was present. A; refor- matory institution had .heon i established ot Mirfleld. (Applause)) T It was .-> carried.: on nt'present'bu a very Ismail: scale,r but:'tho'-public would sea- vary 'shrilly ¡a sohemo'for lits .extension 'whioh ha'hoped'would meet with'tho support of-tho whole Biding. Ho'would Stato publicly; that. they;, lindi- advantages'whioh 'no' other I establishment possessed. As the ostabllslimént heeded ? -increased-accomodation;-Mr.- Wliraioy" hod"liten good enough "tb soy that ho wotfld-givo sufBoieritland, pro viii dd funds'Could bo feun'd; .'? ( Annln>i«»-> "«o now mbroly ;r0»- .uo liuormation that snob an establishment existdd iond had boen in existence for a'year.1" They woUld 'seo n report .'in a few doys.'ond if tbey 'thougbt well of lt ho hoped they .would' give tho managing committee the means forinoreasing that institution. (Hear.hbar.) Hebb lioyedtho soborne to be quite practicable, and tho success of ir. RO far OS it lilli! mino, onvà fhn tnon.Miu nnn,n:i>iL Ul ll, Bö IUI U» IV UUU KVUl-, BUÏO>IJU I"I.UUe..lB ? ample hopo that .they' would do? considerable good. ?\Vhon tho public saw' tho good that-bad' boen" doné, 'and tho prospoot of nore, ho hoped; they would givo .thoir aid to that lnstítaÜon';v ^Applause.). ., .... j ' ; ' Lord; ^Yharnoliffe, p'n rising^ jras , greeted with .loud oheéringV He¡ finid-M'r/Clin'irman,'. Ladies, nnd Gontlo 'mon',' I claim ) ybur/indulgehoö on -two,grounds--.first, ? thft't-I am,' as' you 'will I perceive,:a young mari,,and am not'.' very ', much.', accustomed, ' a's'. they Bay,' to. ,pùblio speaking; hnd also because I am descended froinj those 'who_in .Iprmer.years'Jlwej.o..connected with.this .town. 'Ii 'bMpve'"th*a*t ,.iny grandfather, ns, lord-lieutenant of tho county, [won [tho .cstoem 'and admiration of all ¡'and my uncle, the (present, Solioitor-Gonoral,' also gaingd . tho (pstéém',of',the\groat .mass,,of this . great; o irn rn "unity. (Applause.) On tho Inst-I - believe..not..the (Only occasion-he-ropresonted- you -he-won -his clection-by only ono voto, and that, ono,man. dopended upon it, is now a member-of,this Moohnnios' Institution. (Applause and laughter.) Ladia* and gentlomon, as wo bnye,met hore on a particular occasion, I.wish.to say tn you ono or two words, : It must bo a dlQloult thing, after n hard day's work in tho factory, to come here and read those stiff ,books thntmiake ono's brain ache and eyes.water to pore. over.. .(A. laugh.) . I confess I-find it to bo so, though X have, a coraforiaolo library, and almost always go to sloop, .over. .them.. .(BonowoJ.'laughter.) I like the.periodicals best. They .appeal to one's foaling in a moment, by spooking of that which is pasiing around at the present time.- When you rend of gnllmt notions, of deeds of daring, of ptrsovornnco, of succoss, and pros- perity, in life pf .those who aro around you whom you Jtiipw, y ou, naturally, feehmuoh more inlorüstod in thom . [than, in , the lives ,nud exploits of those who were vary ' .rcspeotnblp gentlemen, in -their day, but.nro now down, ,' _in the dust..- In-tbe early partof my-life I wniiderod about. , (tho,world;a).gppdi deal,]and among other places.visited,' , Australia,!,jvhera,I, proceeded to tho '! diggins.". There . you, would,haye .thought, of all plnoes in-, tho world, the .mon oj -.strong , arms andmusclos have gone ahead ; but .I,.assure, you, .this, was, not tho >case; r (Henr, hear.) : , Tlioso mon went, ahead there who possessod.knowledge,' .and intelligence to apply it. - Tho man of strong: sinews' dug the gold ;,,but iit.iwas. 'tho, man-of- education and .intelligence[wlio,put it in his pocket.- (Loudi applauna.) ,1 snW.tharo.men holding most responsible 'situations -clerks , in i merchants'; countinghottses,' ciel IIB in batiks,' apd BO forth-who had landed in .that oountry without1 -anyniqnoy.-in:theli'. poaketSi--I lmve scen-.men there-wlio ; on lunging had sold everything to go o/ff,to tho ''diggins." ..TÍliorQ^thoy-.dug-flvo .pr ton p.uncoa of gold, and with[ it irotujrritd ,to ,'the-, town, whore; they at onco applied it to purchasing that which would, givo them n respectable appearance. -This - dono,- they obtained situations. Jlloroi ithyy i-Bavod . Ibero monejv nnd when - thoy ; hadgot togothcr ¿MOO or ÜSOO'startod on their own'flo- [ count. '(Heaiv hear.) Why, I mot with ono man thero wholitorallyBtnrtod with nothing; nndyolhohndnmnsgod -7000i 'Or- A'8000- within- four or»fivo years; byhis own industry nnd intelligence. (Applause.) Theroforo I wish tb impress upon tho young mon presont that oven in such countries as that-and howmuoh moro so in this? it is not tho,man,who has tho strong sinews, but ho;who , lins intelligence nnd education, that cnrrlos off tho honour and tho:gold. (Applause.).r . Mr. lü. B. Whoatley was introduced' by tho ohnirman . in torms warmly approving of his offerts in tho causo of juvanilo reformatories. -In tho courso of his speech Mr. Wlicatloy said that mechanics' institutions had two faults ; . tho-ilrst> Was ahnt they did not consist of moohnriios, -though it.wns aoarooly tonablo, ho'boliovod, in tba casu i of Halifax; i Another objootion was that they 'woröinstl tutioiw fornomuBotnoiit rather than inatruotion. Ho holleved that light, litornturo lind tba Bietest doraand nt . ,thoso institutions,. This was natural wbon they, romom bored, tlint tho members hndpreliously.undorgono a hard > 'day's work bofora going to tho institution. Thora was, ,-. no doubt, in most institutions of this hind a want of that i inducement to tho aoqulsition of knowledge which would, load working men to incur tho troubla and futlguo of ! study after a hard day's labour, But ho was happy to say Hint this Inducement was now hoing mudo mora clear and palpable.. Tho Sooiofy of Arts wero about In tho carly part of tho prosont year, to ofter substantial rewards to those jnembors of mechanics' institution, 'who~provfid- th¥ir üeuTTtndTliHgehoo iii study, and ha nrgod tho members of thb'IJaliiax Institution to work hnrd in tho classes to qualify themselves for this honour ..ablo.oonapatition.-(Applause.)-. - . Mr. E. Baines congratulated tho raomberB of tho inst! rtuiion.and 'tile 'inhabitants, of Halifax generally upon tho' dpèniu*gLof, such a splendid, building-a.building which 1 so-fur a's hë had seen,* wbtild bo ono qt tho rnost complet»' .in "tho. oountry. (Hearí hear.;. He contrasted tho ure sent position qf "mechanics'- institutes with-that, which ;'tHy; occupied when first established, and then alluded 'to ' tho examination of .the, Spcioty of Arts, pn¡.shlch ,occas,ipn, ho:8ald< prizos.tb the amount of. net .loss tbsn "¿'tíÓO qr XÇOpjwould, bâ distributed, while, every pnq who 'was; entitled ip it ;jwould. "receive a certificate of merit ' toh'iüh'cöüld hot but bo of tho greatest value, ? There was' therefore,..evorv-oncouragpmentfor young men to perse' .vero fin." their^studiep^ fla y^aa glad tbatMr.Wbeatler 'hádrerérre'd.to.the B*ibjpót,theJn-,oro.so its he hadobserved tbat.î tlièy, bad^ excellent, class,accommodation ;in their 'iri,stituüoii that.;;bvery.,ono..bpraing..ltoi.it, .v|,etj]er froriv'.tho, cottage».,tbo.mill,;'or. .wheroyer.else.iio might r follow hi's,, avocations, .might,study with,as much, comfort and no lés,s'zbaltjirid!os8Íduity,a8 the .noblo.lord in his ,d¡ra.wihg';ropro;'the, studies to which,bo had devoted him. !sbll\, ('(Ap'niau^e.) < Ho .did "not altogether ,agree;,with I thq. nobhj.lo'rd.{Lord"\VhaCTcli'Te)rinrwhBfcheiittid in re. gard "to" rending ;, and it should bo remembered that ¿ii lordshipjind .tho dppbrtuillty of Jaying.tho foundation of bis education, . before ¡be proceeded oni^his travels (Hoar,,hear.) ..He did not agree with the article in" l'Ai Timi«: ,to, ;wb,ioh the'.honorable member-for.'.'Pontefh'ct ? healtli 'and strength,; tho vigour; and .stamina,- bf the working 'classes.*- .He'did riot, himself bélievo that there ;wa4 any^c'a'sbu'whatevfer fo"fear"ahything of the kind, '(Hear, hoar.) Whon_in London some .timo nineo, bj heard a.coùr.s"q"bf(leotureBiby;Mn M'Culloob, nowat th* ?beadof the 'Statiori.ery,ofrioo,,in.(whioh;thàt:.geutlèmoji contended ¡tha.t the manual occupations; of the ^.working '.óla,s80s «ero so entirely.difFerentfrom whotthey learnt '.at rrièchanics'i iristitutes";tbat; they would find theil studies nt the institutes a recreation after tho labours .of-the'.'day. ^(Applause.')'1 All-industrial occupations, or .'ot: least the great mass Of the industrial classes, were, when employed,' aotlvoly exorcising their.bodily powers, while their Tdinds were almost unemployed, ïïuthpnn spent at the mechanics' institution we're hours of-bodily rest and mental work ; and be_thought they would flat that two bf "three h'otirs iñ the 'evening might bo safely, 'honourably,1 mid 'happily employed by men who hst passod their day in1 manuarlabour. (Hear.) He hap. pened to know a . considerable number, of persons ii spm.o of.the:bost raeobanicA' institutes of Yorkshire sh) wore labouring men. "Who .was tho professor of mathe matios-tho most-ardent teacher of mathematics-in the j Huddersfield Mechanics' Institution at the 1 present ¡time,?; .He was'a'labouring mason, who had mado stun ' proficiency himself i that vhe loved to bring others for. ward ; and when bo was olTored. remuneration said,Ko, I fool so much, plea sure, in ,it that J Ywill not.accept re ¡munoration." £:(;',Hear, heartland'applause;). Jlanjof the teachers in tho mechanics' institutes of Leeds, ¡Huddersfield;* Wakefield; otod:îother, places 'he (Mr. Baines) could remember as lads in.' their:.cits«*. .(Hear, hear.) Ho could 'also,name capitalists, marm ? facturera, mercbant8,~who-bad mado-their own fortune*, .who when' lads: were .students in mechanics' institution (Applaiisp.) " He. agreed' with tho honorable ! manta 'for PoniefracVthnt, though theró'*prcro many lamentable instances of fraud and dishonesty among educated meo, 1yet*'the' tendency of education ' was - towards- virtue. (Applause.) If they saw everyman in the country eda "ciitq'di^théyT^wôuld ^bavëllëss, of, dmrikehness," less ot I licentiousness, arid moro pf virtue, for thereby tho tistei arid aspiratipnVJof'rrien'Svpuld' ho;mado higher.)He could not but, observo 'that'England had'now amurl more .elevated population tb'dn it had possessed oven in his earlier days. . Tbis.ièlevntion had been tho tendency 'of things ' within ."his, feinombrance. ' Tho working classas Tiad been ' very ' much elevated during bis life 'time,'and, they ^should continuó .'to improve andeitend education, belevirig*, ns lid did,_that, it was one of the greatest boons that could,, be . .offered to i people) )' (Applause.)' ' 'After" ', again , adverting to ,tlie; , examination" ¡ ¿i,'.' tho',' Spoiety of Arts,'he said he did riot.'agreo witli,ÄIr..Miln'cs as to tjie,establish mont of people's c'bllegps'.sidpj by sidè with mechiniti institutions, believing that"evil resulted from tba greata multiplioatiouof-'iriatitutioris having "tho same objeet it, one "town. ' His (Mr. Baines') .hope,, was that, mechuies' institutes would become the people's colloges^tbattiey would so" turn their! attention' to.class instruction, thit they would got .such' teachers, and draw so large «for tion of tho people into them, that they would become the colleges of thojpeople; If they did-tbeir'wbrk'well.be idid not soo that another, institution-need be raised op bosiilo them. He .wished to seo thom fulfil tho purposes of a people's college by extending rind, improving their olass instruction. (Applause). , In ,conclusion, Mr.. Baines urged rt 'house- to-bouso canvass 'as the lest means of "securing ' tho permihent'success* of tho insti- tution. ._.. .'!.! .!" i. I Mr. .F. Crossley, : M.P., then carno forward and ni received in a very'enthusiastio manner. Ho expresse! Iiis concurrenoo in' tho suggestion bf Mr. Baines as to canvass for members, obsorving that though they had git n RnlanVltil iri atiln linn snnponn nmild nnlv lin nnhieved br B splendid insiuuuon success uuuiu uniy uu aomera steady; personal- application;--If -tho-institution -irM thrive, theTirtizans itius*t moko,it,their, own.,. It wan use repining nt their position ; tbeyjriustnpplytuemwlr to.tho opportunities which presented themselves in tb institute; and,,hyj combining wb'rk.'.imnro'vcraént, and r creation, Iraiso 'their social position.' ' (Hear, hear.) Ii .thought tho- directors" hadaoied- wisrely in making lb building oomplete.' though in doing sb'th'ey rind inetmi a heavy debt." The; building looked'exceedingly »el but: would look 'ten times better if they did not see ll ghostly spdotrö'of this ¿4000 sitting upon it. It ni ghost,' however,- that they had only to sot their wilta hearts upon to remove; and lié "hoped nn' eflbrt'woulU made: that night.'to accomplish so .'desirnblo'an obj« (Hear.) "In conclusion," said Mr. Crossley," "I : Uti to moko a proposition/ "which is, that this debt be pai by January 1, 1801; atid 1 am now prepared toglwji any (imo between now and then, when this debt can b Said, £600. ' (loud cheers.)' : In order tbatyourbnyrio e in any woy out'of pook'et in thé' meantime, 1 Wilgin G par1 cont, on that sum until it is paid, on tho condi tlon, however, that if it is not paid by tho 1st ofJanaii; 1801; I shall bo -fred from my promise both as"io tbi principal and tho intorest." ' (L6ud cheers.) ' ' Tho Mayor of Halifax (Mr. J. TThitwortb),nextai dressed tho meeting'at'groat length.' Ho alluded tolbi known" liberality ' of Mr, Akrbyd and Mr; F.' Crossley, and expressed a strong hope that the debt would at on« bo ' removed from1 tho building. (Hear,1 hear.) 'Alta giving'an' account, of'a .visit Ito tho , IluutlersfWH Mechanics',Institution he'concluded by'pointing out the advantages which tho Halifax'spoioty oil'orcd to all fin would'óvnll themselves of them; " ' "',''; . ?. .J.Dr._Sandwith..was received .with muoh -applsoMen rising-; toi address: tho meelirig.'? Ho said ho hid bm absent,from this country éight-yearn, and had not lui much/occasion: for public speaking; Such a scone asti» one; before him, peculiarly English,' was'not allowed in inny continental'country. /Hoi remembered Ilia tim when mechanics' institutes' werai looked upon. Arith sus- picion and distaste by tho higher classes. -ThankGod, .that time had passed, and tho ¡lower classes wera non somowhat educatod peoplo; .'(Applause.) -ITor insUiiK, who did not remeinbor tho.lotters, from the, private sol- diers >h,o hnd .fpught in, the> Crimea ?,i Ho lindi howM found on his.return: home the .want of o greut-pyítcraci Stot,a iqduoationi "i (Hear,» hoar.) Notwitbstandisj voluntary éducation given in'mechanics'institution*1 great work nmong,tho poor ,was, still requlroi), «nd te urged that efforts Ought, to.bo. put. forth; to obtain » thorough system of Statq education.. .He deprecated loo muoh meddling by Government,, .but in this Jinriicnw ho thought the Government .ought to, exorcise a care foi tho cduoation of tho young. i.iHe congratulated th« »«. Ifors of .this institution, and recommended tho ronow members to study tho solonoes. Spooking BS a travtUit, ho could tell how -his - previous study of natural histor/ had mano lils trovolB a delight, and how muoh be it grettod tho want'of knowledge. Ho- conoludcit o bri; speech by urging' the members to tho assiduous pursuit of knowledge. ''. vf ' í n v Tho iChttirmari read - a llst bf tho principal subscrip- tions to the building' fund of tho now instituí» atfibuntinij t0 t^o sum of JZ201Q; . . On Ibo motion of Mr.'H. Kdwnrdu, scconilt'il bj M E. Akroyd, a voto of thanks was'givon to tho visitor». Lord WharnclilTo acknowledged tho compliment," tho proceedings woro dosed with votes of thanks loIM chairman lind tho ladles. . ; ' ' .' _ 1 TrtBPniNOB OFFIUNOE AND infl Nu'nsu.-M. Contort hak terminated all tho prbliminnry sketches rcijuiw j for his piotuh'of tho Imporinl baptism. In NUJJ',°NI. I tho four historical portrnits nt first intendciVa fina j been ndded hy tho command , of tho Emperor- nanM* that of tho tiürso or tho poung Prince. "This wo"T is to à cortniri extent his motlier," said tho EmpeT' '.',ns tho peoplo nro tho supporters of our dynasty, «jj j good that, in Booing thopioturoof his baptism, he "00» ¡ remombor that tho wlfo of a peasant nourishod him «» , 