PENRITH. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT."] THE COURT OF REQUESTS sat here on Saturday last, with a list of some 45 cases in the £10, and 15 in the 30 jurisdiction. There were no less than four members of the legal profession present, namely, Mr. J. B. Brennan, Mr. Lyons, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Walker. The following was the only important cause determined : M'Anally v. Power. This was an action brought to recover £30 damages for an assault and battery. £10 had also been sued for in the lower court, but the Commissioner having decided, upon the defendant's plea to that effect, that the action had been split, the £10 case was dismissed. The action having proceeded for the higher amount, the plaintiff deposed to the following that on the 9th of September last his horse broke into his field of barley, reared up and knocked him down ; plaintiff went up with his hoe to strike the horse when his son said, " don't hurt the horse," and having caught hold of the bone in its descent had his hand cut. The defendant, who is brother-in-law of the plaintiff, soon afterwards came up, saying, in a passion, " here I am, now I'll have satisfaction ;" plaintiff went inside his own house, and took up a scythe to defend himself, telling the defendant to keep off; defendant, however, said he would have his life, and threw a black bottle through the window at him having broken in the door, defendant dragged plaintiff out, knocked him down, kicked him twice, tied him up with a rope round his arms and legs, then jumped upon him after he was down, and whilst giving a standing jump upon him, he defendant, broke his (plaintiff's) leg ; plaintiff's son came up at that moment and said to Power, " don't kill my father," when he answered he would not i and upon plaintiff saying his leg was broken, the defendant carried him inside. He had been confined to his house for about three months in consequence, and had incurred £10 103, expenses to Dr. Clark. Plaintiff's son partly corroborated his father's evidence. Mr. Walker having addressed the court for the defendant, called the latter, who completely contradicted the evidence of the plaintiff, and showed that the whole blame of the matter lay upon the plaintiff himself. The defendant swore that on the night in question he heard a row at the plaintiffs that in passing the plaintiff called him by name ; defendant asked him what he wanted ? when he said " come here ;" defendant went up to his house, the door being half open, saying, " where are you, Tommy ?" to which he replied "here I am, you b- wretch;" plaintiff then threw something at witness ; defendant turned round, when he saw the plaintiff with a scythe blade in his hand ; defendant kept going backwards, whilst the plaintiff was stabbing at him with the scythe ; defendant succeeded in getting hold of plaintiff and holding him in his arms ; plaintiff swore he would kill the defendant or somebody else that night before he slept; defendant's brother-in-law then came up and took the scythe from the plaintiff, whilst the defendant held him and tied a rope round his arms ; the plaintiff was the worse of liquor, and fell down twice during the affray; defendant could not tell how the plaintiff's leg got broken ; he did not break it-nor strike, kick, or jump upon the plaintiff at all. Two witnesses corroborated the defendant's testimony. Mr. Brenan replied at some length, and the Commissioner having summed up, stating that the case turned upon the credibility of the witnesses, the assessors found a verdict for the plaintiff of £15. WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. We have been requested to draw the attention of persons purchasing weights or measures to the provisions of the 12th section of the Act relating thereto, by which it is enacted that all weights shall have the number of pounds contained in them stamped or cast on the top or side thereof in legible figures and letters and that all measures of capacity shall have their contents stamped or marked on the outside in legible figures and letters. For want of attention to this _ requirement of the Act many persons are put to inconvenience, as, unless and until weights and measures are so stamped or marked, the Inspector will not stamp them as correct. PUBLICANS' LICENSES.-The quarterly transfer meeting commenced on Tuesday : present, Mr. Allen (chairman), Mr. Broughton, Mr. G Hill, Mr. Hosking, Mr. Irving, Mr. M'Arthur, Mr. Burnell, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Jones, and Major Wingate. The meeting, after granting some transfers, adjourned until noon to-day Thursday), for the purpose of taking the recognizances of those persons to whom licenses were then granted. It will be quite necessary that persons interested be ready with their bondsmen, or they will have to be in attendance on another day. On Tuesday next, at 11 a.m., the justices will reassemble for the consideration of applications not determined on Tuesday last. AUB OMNIBUSES A PUBLIC ACCOMMODATION We have seen a return in reference to 44 omnibuses running to and from the stand in Wynyard-square, from the 1st November to the 31st December, 1350, from which we extract the following particulars : -Number of journeys completed, 14,200; each journey averaging four miles, the travelling distance, 56,800 miles; averaging ten passengers, 142,000 ; which, at 6d. each, will give £3350. CAMPBELLTOWN On Monday, the 2nd March, an inquest was held by Dr. Bell, coroner, on the body of an old man named Joseph Dixon, found lying dead at St. Andrew's Farm, about five miles from Campbelltown. It appeared deceased was a labourer and employed clearing ground and burning away trees ; it is supposed the unfortunate man could not get out of the way, when one of the trees fell, and he was instantly killed by a falling limb. Deceased was discovered the evening previous lying on his face in a pool of blood, which had flowed from his mouth and nostrils. The jury returned a verdict of " Killed by the accidental falling of a tree." NATIVE CONTRIBUTIONS FOR RELIGIOUS PURPOSES. Yesterday the sum of £70 was paid by Archdeacon Hadfield to the Archdeaconry Board as a contribution from the natives in the district of Wairarapa towards the maintenance of a clergyman of the Church of England resident in the district. This sum was paid to the Venerable Archdeacon by Richard Take, a native teacher of Wairarapa, as the subscriptions of the-natives of the district. A farther sum of £30 had also been received by Archdeacon Hadfield from the natives for this object. We are very glad to give publicity to the fact, any comment on our part would be superfluous Neto Zealand Spectator, 4th February. LENTEN LECTURES -Yesterday forenoon the first of a series of discourses intended to be delivered on the Wednesdays during Lent was preached by the Bishop of Sydney, in St. Andrew's Cathedral. The Rev. Prelate chose for his text the last clause of the 11th verse of the 3rd chapter of Matthew : " He shall baptise you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." In the course of his introductory observations, the Bishop stated that his object in delivering these discourses was to bring prominently before those who might hear him the influence and operations of the Holy Spirit. He then delivered a neatly concise, deeply impressive, and thoroughly practical lecture, well fitted to accomplish the end enunciated by him at its outset. 