ECCLESIASTICAL INTELLIGENCE. (CHURCH OF ENGLAND.) REVIEW; Tmh'Duty and Office of a Deacon in the Church ef Odd ai exercised in A Colonial Diocese. A sermon preached on the 4th of December, 1856, at the ordi nation of deacons held by the Lord bishop of'Ade laide, in Trinity Church. By Alexander R. Russell, Minister of St. John's Church. Taa important duty of offering that exhortation which is appointed by the rubric as part of the solemn form and manner of making deacons in the United Church of England and Ireland was assigned by his chief pastor, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to the ReT Alexander R. Russell, the Incumbent of St. John's Parish, oil the recent ordination of Mr Astley Cooper of King's College, London, and Mr John Sheldon of St. Augustine's College, Canterbury, as deacons. How faithfully, and hovr ably the preacher ewcnfed his duty, the pages before us amply testify. Proceeding " to fulfil it in the light of the Church's own instructions," he points out the scriptural con stitutiou of the order of deacons ; their need of lawful mission, the trials and. the duties which are their al. lotted portion; and then demonstrates the fidelity of the compliance of the Church of England, with the directions given in the New Testament respecting, deacons, in an admirable passage which we cannot foi« bear from transcribing at length. Jhf ^^ Siren hi the New Testament respect. Mg the duties of deacons are faithfully complied with br our Church. As it was the duty of deacons, in primitive times, to care for the widows in their daiiy ministration generally to- assist the elder clergy in the TKTn T\\-oC tthe pe°Ple- 80 lt i» Ptovided in the Ordination Service that, where the deacon is assisting a priest m the care of a parish, one of his prin. c>pal duties shall be "to search for the sick, poorf and impotent people of the parish, to intimate their estates, names, and places where they dwell, lo the curate, that by Ins exhortations, they may bo relieved." As, more over, it was his business in the early Church generally t01Asais' tbc ebler minister in sueh duties as did not call for higher gifts, experience, or authority, so it it in this service declared to " appertain to the office of a deacon to assist the priest in Divine Service, and specially when he muustereth the Holy Communion, and to o, it T ^ .the distribution thereof, and to read the Holy Scriptures and homilies of the Church " mar be regarded as the duties which any deacon was competent to perform; but it is not, therefore, to be supposed that the duties of the diaconate are limited to service so purely ministerial, and almost mechanical, as these. In pursuing the individual history of two of the ongmal seven deacons, we find that those among the ordained who had gifts qualifying them to under Chri-riTtr- » * mm important duties of the Christian Ministry, were empowered to do so. In the ofrphn^gl,rn «? ™-) of the missionary journey ™J™P th.e Deacon, we find that, in the absence of any senior minister, he was allowed to exercise t*- ,■ t he most important: ddties of our calling, in the eSMIH tion of the Word of God, and the administration ofO^T sacrament of baptism. He accosted the 'Ethiopian \- l8l»ah'8 Prophecy concerning the sufferings of Christ, with the question, " Under, staudest thou what thou readest r" Then Philip opened his mouth and preached unto him Jesus." And on the Ethiopian s full confession of faith in Christ as the Son of God, lie furthermore went down into the water with him and baptized him. Nor is this to be regarded ss an exceptional case. He continued to pursue the same course throughout that journey. He "was found at Azotus and passing through, he preached in all the cities till he came to Ca- sarea" So also Stephen, who lisi specially distinguished as " a man full of faith and J or the Holy Ghost, ' drew on himself his martyrdom | by the eloquence and power of his public disputations. I It appears, therefore, that there is also scriptural ground for the farther declaration of our Church, that "it ap pertained! to the office of a Deacon to baptize, snid to preach, if he be thereto licensed by the Bishop."" The preacher's historical introduction of the diacon ate, as well as his incidental, though Almost necessary mention of the throe orders of the Christian ministry of which it forms one, is not, however, of the same clear and lucid character, neither is it calculated to satisfy- the mind of one seeking for an exposition of the authority of those to whom the order and government and the ministrations of the Church are committed. " Of the three orders of Christian iflinistrv, two," observes the preacher, " were instituted by the Lord himself—the third was added- by the Apostles." And, at page 8, he reminds his hearers " that, in the Apos tolic Church, there were diocesan bishops, having the oversight of a number of associated congregations, and exercising rule over their ministers;" and also " elders who, as having the oversight of a particular House of God and its vicinity, were called (parochial) bishops or overseers." Now, although it must be admitted that, as the chief business of the preacher was to declare thedatjraad office of the order of deacons, it was not essential to his subject that he should minutely enter upon the origin and the distinctive characteristics of each of the other orders; yet, as the passages we have quoted have a tendency to confuse and blend rather than specifitalfy to pourtray the lineaments of that gradation which sub sists in the Christian ministry, wc trust he will pardon us for attempting to set forth what we submit is his torically a more correct view than that laid before the members of the Church of England in the sermon before us,—from which, indeed, a cursory reader might be led to infer, that the office of a bishop and that of a presbyter was contemporaneous, if not co-ordinate, differing only in the extent of territorial jurisdiction. W e trust, therefore, that we may be permitted to en quire What are the actually iccorded facts touching the Christian ministry ? From his disciples our Lord selected twelve whom he named Apostles, to whom he committed the administration of the Church he had founded. When the Church increased, and the care of the poor demanded more time than the Apostles could give consistently with their important duty of preach ing the gospel, they deemed it necessary to select from the multitude of the disciples seven brethren to whom the name of deacons were subsequently given (Actsvi.). But it is not till about ten years after the institution of deacons, we read, incidentally, that there were presby ters, or elders, in the Church at Jerusalem (Acts xi. 30): that Paul and Barnabas ordained presbyters, or elders, in every Church (Acts xiv. 23) ; and subsequently, tbat Paul sent for the presbyters, or elders, of Ephesus to eotae to him at Miletus, to whom he delivered the ad mirable and pathetic charge related in the 20th chapter of the Acts ot the Apostles. It will, therefore, be seen clearly that whilst our Lord did indeed choose from those whom he had instituted and commissioned u disciples, twelve, who were to be and exercise office as chief pastors, yet the ordination of the presbyter to his cure, was a subsequent official act and peculiar duty of the apostle. In the Reformed Episcopal Church, as well as in °'h€* Protestant Episcopal Churches, at the time of ordination, a certain number of presbyters lay then hands on the heads of candidates for the ministry, together with the bishop, not, it will be1 observed, for the purpose of conveying authority, but merely to de note concurrence (Tim. i. 6—iv. 14). It is essential^ also, for the layman to keep in mind what are the functions of his bishops, as stated in -ue New Testa ment. These consist—I. In ordaining presbyters.and deacons; 2. In superintending the doctrine of these ministers; 3. In superintending their conduct; 4. In regulating those matters in the Church which are not settled by Divine authority.—(Tit. i. 5, 1 Tim. 3, 1 Tim. i. 3, 1 Tim. v. 19, Tit. i. 5, 1 Cor. vi. 34.) This much we think requisite to make clear, both the introductory passage, to which we have already referred, and the supplemental one which follows it. If Mr Russell's sermons (as we trust may be ths ease) are to .travel amongst the laity of the Church of England, for their instruction on these and other 'i portsnt topics, we are' the still more anxious that that which is so excellent in spirit, which so evidently : , emanates from a fervid and heartfelt piety, and from so | correct an appreciation of the sacred, vocation and its responsibilities, should in every respect give , evidence with himself of that sacred learning when faithfully used, is to the Truth whnf ihelsrieBtisfc arms were to the Ark. His admonitions to the descons, which follow ex Dibit passages of great practical value. Nor can we - introduce the following extracts from them to oqr readers without a passing acknowledgment of their ! merits in point of composition. Addressing those who are about to enter upon theft probationary office, he observer You, like the Apostle, am, indeed, to know nothing among men save Jesus Christ and Him crucifiedbut •' this does not mean the continual reiteration of the ear bars statement that Christ has suffered death oa the- ' Cross for our salvation. You must mew that foot in its relation to the whole scheme of doctrine to whieh it beiungK, especially in its relation to the Incarnation, ; iVhich gives it.all its significance; nor must you fail to , evliihit faithfully its practical influence on personal WoEesI^ Cognising clearly the fact that »e ah, j saved not bv works of righteousness that we can do, . your business will be' to lead men to a oleaT appre- t hension of the fact on which our hope ^"*ion rests, that Christ, who liath suffered for us, is the Very and Eternal Son of God, the One Sacrifice for the sms of all mankind; that "he is the Lamb slam ^ I foundation of the world; and that all mankind are re- ■ deemed in' him. Biit. just because He is the spotless Lamb of God, the salvation He has effected must, to i the Christian who believes in it, be not I escaping the pains of Hell, bat a rising out of the grave j of (-in. i You will soon find that the greatest temptation of our ! calling arises out of the circumstance that we must be . ready, in every mood of niind, and under every con dition of personal feeling, to take into our llPs ^'"n words, and to utter forth as our own those dciotional | forms of our church which are so precious in the pious heart, because they express the very highest strain of godlv emotion. Since we would faiu not be listl^ and apathetic in the exercise of our functions, ® strong and frequent temptation to simulate which we do not feel, and to act a part which our con sc-'ence condemns as exaggerated and msincere. I win only say, as one very conscious of this tendency, that there is no safeguard against it like the knowledge of it, and the watchfulness which that knowledge engen ders ; and that the resolution, in God s strength, to be single-minded and sincere, is the likeliest inethod, by God's blessing, of becoming so. You may depend upon It, that vou will not attain to sincerity by lowering your ideal, }>ut bv endeavouring to raise the tone of your | life. " If the eve be single, the whole body is full of light." And He with whom we have to do is One who can tell whether it is so or no; it is He to whom all j hearts are open, and from whom no Becrets arc niu. If-there be one requirement of a Christain Minister, ■ the-absence of which causes • mere painful.feeling ol disappointment than another, it is that which provides that he shall be " not greedy of filthy lucre. We arc not called, as the Apostles were, to abandon all the comforts of life in order to serve God faithfully m our ministry; but we arc called to justify to the Cliurc , and to the whole community to which we belong, tnat that the spirit which is in us is not that of a worldly eagerness after gain. I can well imagine that men, en tering into the Ministry with right feelings, mav be disposed to resent, as something too disgraceful, the supposition that mercenary motives may possibly lean them astrav. But, my dear brethren, you will soon perceive, on" a farther knowledge of this place, and a farther experience of the curse of your own heart, that it is quite possible to degrade that Ministry to which you are called into a mere trade. If it ever should be so in the cose of any who are present to-dav, you may rest assured of this, that it will be a trade infinitely more sordid that any other, siraplv becnuse the traflic " is in things infinitely more sacred." Heartily concurring with Mr Russell in the close ad- j -a of " the Church of the English Reformation' j _ Sptural rule, lie will pardon us if we venture to enlarge upon that appellation. "When our biahops_and presbyters, aided by the civil authorities, began the reformation of the Church, they regarded her as a Divine institution, established in all her integrity by our Lord and his apostles, and un changeable in all lier spiritual features by human authority. What was superfluous and corrupt they cleared away; what was wanting they supplied and restored to the purity and simplicity of the apostolic age. They did not, like the reformers on the Continent, dispense with that church government which had pre vailed from the beginning, nor did they admit of man s devices, but guided by the light of the three first cen turies they restored the faith, and worship, and regimen of apostolic times, and collecting whatever was valuable fr} the ancient creeds and liturgies, they embodied their labours in the scriptural doctrines and offices set forth in bur Book of Common Prayer—the most valuable and almost the only permanent monument of the refor mation in Protestant Christendom. .To those who in our own, as in every other commu nity, are far too ready- to attribute low and unworthy motives to men placed in positions of sacred trust, an admirable and feeling rebuke is conveyed in the words of a distinguished teacher, quoted by the writer of the sermon. This eloquent citation is too long for insertion here. It is to be met with in 11 Sermons on the Prophets and Kings of the Old Testament," preached by the Rev. D. Maurice,-at Lincoln's Inn Chapel. We com mend the extract in question as well worthy the perusal of every Christian man, and amongst our Legislators doubtless there are those who might study it with peculiar advantage. The extracted passage to which we allude is thus beautifully followed up by Mr Russell:— j V When we reflect what our vows were, and the man ner in which we have fulfilled them—May God pardon us! 'Assuredly we are fit guides for sinful and erring men, chiefly because we are ourselves so sinful and so erring; because we have felt within ourselves the bitter accusations of conscience; because we have so often been covered witli shame and confusion of face in the \- presence of our God; because, having felt the sharp pain which arises out of the consciousness of sin, we ' can speak, out of the fulness of a perfect sympathy, to ! those who are suffering or distressed in like manner, j It is because we have learned to think of ChTist and His righteousness as our only comfort and stay in the retro spect of our past life, that we can testify of Him so heartily as One who can give peace to the _ troubled conscience, and take away the heavy load ot sin. Sinful as we are, we have yet an awful trust and duty com mitted to us, which, in weakness and in fear, and in much trembling, we must somehow discharge ; and that trust is the charge of immortal souls." In the course of his valuable sermon, the preacher touches upon the linbilitv of candidates to be objected to publicly in respect of their fitness for office, and adds, that for the protection of those who present themselves against the malice of their enemies, it is required that charges affecting their character shall be stated in pre cise terms, and that the accuser shall render himself responsible for their proof. If the preacher intends this to be received as an explanation of the Rubric, he ^Hinvests it with restrictions not warranted by the con text. The Rubric is complied with, if any great crime or impediment should be objected—even ge. nerally. It would, for instance, be enough if the ob jector were to allege repeated inebriety, either verbally or in writing, as a charge against a candidate. Nor would it he any disqualification as respected the ob jector that he himself might be an erring member of the Church, in that respect, or in any other. The ob ject of the Church is to place those who are to serve at her altars beyond suspicion ; and on the impeach ment of the'poorest and most illiterate member of the Ghurcli, intelligibly expressed, the Bishop, as we read the Rubric, would be bound to surcease. The direction is peremptoiy, and no discretion is reserved to him. Neither arc proois in support of the objection requisite at the time and place named for so objecting. Doubtless the Bishop thus appealed to would cite the accuser to lodge his charge in the Bishop's registry, and, afterwards, at a day and place named, require him i to-substantiate it in the presence of the accused, when,! if the- objector failed to come, or, coming, to prove his accusation, the pHrity of the ministry would he vindi cated,andatraducerof it pointed out, and held up justly to the scorn and detestation of the world. And in pro portion as a minister had been wrongfullv accused, so would he rise in the esteem of his people. If he were guitly the Churoh would be purified, and scandal be averted. But if the preacher adverts to charges pre-. ferred at a previous ordination, we agree with him that such charges failed through their vagueness. Still, how ever, had the then objector, instead of charging it gene rally as an impediment that one hud borne.false witness against his neighbour, objected that a person had made a statement respecting and to the injury of a neighbour, knowing it to be untrue, surely- the Rubric would have been satisfied, and an inquiry must have followed. On a less serious charge the late metropolitan of Australia surceased, we are informed, from ordination. nn.« i o mc ucuuu iv me vmurcu was oovious. xne accuser was called upon for a written charge. He lodged it, at the time appointed, in the Bishop's registry. A day was then fixed for hint to substantiate it, in the pre sence of the accused. The statement involved malice and contradictions, and utterly failed, and the accused was not even called upon for his answer. His congre gation, as a body, signed the strongest testimonial in his favour. All whisperings and surmise died away. His detractor slunk away. This clergyman was in. nowise injured. He was appointed by the Bishop head master of his Grammar school, numbering more than one hundred boys, and Chaplain to the Forces, whilst the Church' had abundant cause for thankfulness, in other respects, tor the trial to which he was subjected. In concluding this somewhat lengthened and excur sive review, we cannot avoid expressing our regret, at the indifferenco with which .the rubrical directions of the Church which relate to the important duty of and the season for ordination have apparently been re garded. The excellent Canon ott this subject may be still worthy of notice, although there tiiay be tHose Wlib would (erroneously, however), deny its force in this diocese of the United Church, notwithstanding that is as much an integral part of the Church as are the dioceses of London, or Tuam, or Bangor; Be that, however, as it may, the canon itself is, to use the nervous expression of the preacher, so imbedded in tfie history o f the Church that we will risk the quo tation of it as mal-apropos. "Forasmuch," it says, "as the ancient fathers of the Church, led by the examples of the Apostles (who set men apart to the ministry of the Gospel by imposition of hands, with prayer and fasting), appointed prayers and fasts at the ! solemn ordering of ministers, and to that purpose ; allotted certain times in which only sacred orders might j be given or conferred, we, following their holy and re- ; ligious example, do constitute and decree that deacons ( and ministers be ordained or made, but only upon the Sundays immediately following jejunht quatnor tem jtorum, commonly called Ember weeks, appointed in ancient time, for prayer and fastimg, purposely for this cause, at their first institution, and so continued at this day in England" [x. c., xxxi., a.i>. 1603 ] Need we add to this the Rubric from the making of Deacons which commences that service by the emphatic injunc tion that it take place as ordered by the canon, on a Sunday, " in the face of the Church." Taught, as the laity are, by the preface of their book of Common Prayer, that it retains " only those cere monies which do serve to a decent order and godly dis cipline, and such as be apt to stir up the dull mind of man to the remembrance of his duty to God"—they cannot but be thrown into uncertainty and doubt where they see them thus departed" from. We remind the layman, however, that he must stand firm by the public doctrine of his Church, as de clared in her liturgy and articles of religion by the unanimous consent of all his spiritual guides. We say to the laity, acquaint yourselves thoroughly with that public doctrine and adhere to that, and if your own teacher teach otherwise believe him not. 