COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. Thursday Night. DR. LANG, when striving to be merry, always reminds me of a frisky cow, a rollicking rheumatic rhinoceros. There is such a splay-footed awkwardness plumbeous ponderosity in his mirth. His wretched old jokes grin like galvanized corpses. His facetiousness, even when assisted by the grimace and gesture that it so well-becomes a Christian minister to borrow from a circus- clown, never rises higher than the most vulgar farce. When reproduced in writing, it is absolutely unbearable; and affects all rightly-constituted minds with a desire similar to that which Barnes Newcome's puppyism inspired --one, namely, for the perpetrator's instantaneous suppression. More miserable attempts at humour than those contained in the letter, entitled "Mr. Darvall and Electoral Reform," in the Empire of Monday last, I have never seen even in the Empire, and that is saying a good deal, the facetiæ in that paper being, for the most part, fully worthy of the Cave-of- Trophonius aspect of its proprietor. Of course the antipodean Epistle of St. John-anti- podean, in a moral and mental, as well as in a geogra- phical sense--is, also, plentifully sprinkled with abuse. Coarse viands, badly cooked, require a deal of pepper. Highly- flavoured sauce must be prodigally poured upon high-flavoured fish, or the very coalheavers for whom the cuisinier is catering will detect and reject his rubbish. "Nothing but chronology prevented you from being Judas Iscariot," Lady Bulwer Lytton connubially observed to Sir Edward: a somewhat similar charge \--though far less wittily expressed--the reverend re- viler has the impertinence to bring against Mr. Darvall. Let us see how the charge is substantiated. Taking the Attorney-General's speech at Windsor for his text, the acute commentator first finds fault with the honorable member for informing his constitu- ents that he hoped to represent their views. Repre- sentatives, it seems, then, are chosen not to represent the views of their constituencies! Because the Ministry have availed themselves of the experience of a neighbouring colony, they are stigmatised as utterly devoid of originality. In crossing a creek, it is contemptible to follow the lead of the man, by chance a-head of you, who has found the ford. You should strike out, right or left, to prove your pluck, and your prudence: your originality--and also ineffable, owlishness. Almost in the same breath, Dr. Lang derides the Ministry for not borrowing universal suffrage from Victoria. When the man a-head is floundering about quite uncertain as to whether he has found bottom, I presume one may pick a path for himself. "I insist on our having it," exclaims the puffed-up presbyter. John Dunmore Lang, thank Heaven! is not our dictator. The next demand John Dunmore makes is of a very incomprehensible character. Mr. Darvall has been speaking of electoral districts. And why shouldn't we, rejoins his logical critic, have "electoral districts of exactly the same magnitude," although not ex- actly the same?" "That hank, as Ferrier says; I will leave the seraphic doctor himself to unravel. Mr. Darvall having used the word "country" in the sense of rus, Dr. Lang, most ingeniously (for once, I admit) but not very ingenuously, takes it in the sense of patria, and ridicules Mr. Darvall's statement ac- cordingly. It is very easy to knock down men of straw that we ourselves have set up. The last count in the indictment is the most remark- able of all: "The Bible is unquestionably the oldest book in the world; and I believe, also, the very best, beyond all comparison. It was most unfortunate, therefore, for Mr. Darvall to quote that authority." A new canon of quotation this! The better a book is the less the use that should be made of it! We should quote bad books, not good--if we would have superfine quotations, "the very worst, beyond all com- parison." This appears to me a barefaced attempt to stimulate the sale of a certain History of New South Wales. Knox's disciple's exceedingly Protestant denunciation of Scriptural quotations is prefaced by an assertion that the Israelites possessed the fundamental "point" of the Charter--Moses, of course, being a kind of Feargus O'Connor (editing, however, the Two Tables, instead of the Northern Star)--and followed by an affirmation that "democracy is the system of the Old Testament." Behold the proofs. The Jewish law-giver was told to take a census of the people. Joshua commanded them to choose a "staff of surveyors." If being counted in a census gives a man a vote, why should Dr. Lang make a fuss about Electoral Reform? Every man in New South Wales--barring a few "recent arrivals"--has got one. If obeying an order to select persons for a particular state purpose shows that those who so obey enjoy the "right of popular election," it is folly to call the Sultan or the Czar a despot. Conscription is the very proof of freedom. It may appear presumptuous in me, a layman, to argue, on a Biblical subject, with a divine; but a system of Government under which the demos has no kratos—no voice in the making of the laws, no power to choose its executive head--seems to me a very comical kind of democracy. I thought that the system of the Old Testament was The-ocracy. (It is true that the Israelites promised to obey the laws given to Moses upon the Mount (Exodus, xxiv., 3); but this assent was an act of religious submission, not of legislative, or rather legicaptive, ratification. Dr. Lang, however, I suppose, would say that, if they had chosen, the Israelites might have put their veto on the edicts of the Almighty! They did, by the way, once exercise the "right of popular election;" but then-- most melancholy augury!--whom did they elect-0a calf!) Finally, in all this, where is the proof of the Attorney-General's political perfidy? "The way of a ship in the midst of the sea," was a "thing too wonderful" for Agur the son of Jakeh. Poor Agur! The Empire wasn't published in your day. Though you did write proverbs, you were puzzled by a very simple mystery, which the Editor of the journal I have mentioned thus satisfactorily ex- plained:-- "Those who have not sailed at night, with a gentle breeze, in the latitudes where phosphoric light abounds, will probably have noticed the action of the water,upon the ship's copper. [To an ordinary mind it appears more probable that those who had 'sailed,' etc., would have noticed the phenomenon referred to. But let that pass; for to the four incomprehensible 'ways ' of Agur, the son of Jakeh, might be added a fifth--the way in which editors write nonsense, or, at all events, don't correct it when reading the 'revise.'] It is then seen that the vessel does not slide--or, glide \--[Claud Halcro, being 'out' of reason, giveth us rhyme]--through it--[What? The 'ship's copper?' It would be a sad thing if she did 'slide \--or glide'--through that!]--according to the commonly received idea. [I beg leave distinctly to state that such a notion of naval diarrhœa is not the "commonly received idea"], but that the water as she passes along adheres to the ves- sel, and actually--as it were--[i. e., really--in appear- ance]--breaks or parts at a little way from the ship." There, Agur, isn't that beautifully lucid? The whole ocean sticks to a vessel, but " breaks or parts" \--be pleased to observe--"a little way from" her. It must be the whole ocean, or else the "commonly re- ceived idea" that a ship--whatever aqueous envelopes may cover her cupreous, like a coat over a waistcoat-- "slides--or glides--" through the water--not her own copper, as the "able editor" intimates--would still continue correct; just as a man with muddy feet may be said to stumble--or tumble--through the bog in which he has muddied them. Somehow or other, I can't get the "commonly re- ceived idea" out of my head. At all events, I hope that all vessels by which I may travel will "slide--or glide"--through the water, as the only alternative I see is that they should go under. I refer the matter to Mr Dyer. That article in the Herald about the two millions of tons of silver in the sea has excited the cupidity of certain young quidnuncs, precocious newsmongers, with whom I may say that I have a slight silicious acquaint- ance, as I pass them about a dozen times a day, upon the beach; shell-gathering, or building frail edifices of sand that, like--but sand- houses have been moralised a thousand times already. Chryses-like, I was wan- dering yesterday evening, silent along the shore of the loud-sounding ocean-- in Colonel Mundy's Fraser- flagellated phrase, "inhaling a puff of the briny." The waves, as if weary after their long journey from-- I'm not up in the tidal theory, ask Mr. Dyer--were breaking languidly upon the sands, with a low mono- tonous roar. The beach was strewn with masses of brown sea-weed, as though, as Mr. Sala says, "some untidy giants had been drinking tea there, and had thrown out their tea-leaves." The waters were of that pale purple streaked with red--hardly oinops--weak- port-wine-negus colour, rather--that in fine weather is their usual evening hue. A solitary sail glided along, like a phantom-ship, in the offing. Here and there, the snowy wing of a sea-gull blushed crimson, as it caught the last red rays-- ripe, golden red, is a better word for evening sunlight--of the glorious sun slowly sinking behind the wooded moun- tains on the west. I had gathered in this little "harvest of a quiet eye," when I heard the voices of my young friends. The leader of the band soon appeared in sight, at the top of one of the long line of sandhills that have crept over into the grave-yard just behind, twice burying the dead. Stopping, ever and anon, to empty their sand-logged shoes, the little caravan toiled through the desert; carrying, I observed, sundry quart pots and jugs, and a huge colander. Mystery marked all their movements; and when they caught sight of me, they eyed me as suspiciously as though I had been a predatory Bedouin. Not wishing to disturb them, and yet, at the same time, rather curious to know what they were about, I mounted the sand-bank, made a detour, and got behind them. This is what I saw. One held the colander, into which the others poured salt water; eagerly groping, after each infusion, for the silver-pennies which, I discovered from their con- versation, they expected to find; having heard some faint rumour of the article aforesaid. A sturdy little infidel, whose faith from the first had been but weak, soon got tired of the Danaidian labour; and plumped himself down upon a wave gnawed log, uttering a sentiment by no means flattering to my pro- fessional pride--"It's all a lie--just like them paper fellers!" This sporadic case of scepticism, however, did not contaminate the others, who still kept pouring on, with a perseverance, as penny-a-liner moralists remark, "worthy of a better cause." Meantime the moon had risen, showing the belt of trees that fringe the beach all wind-bent to the land, like Daphnæ fleeing from Poseidon, not Apollo; me- tamorphosed as they fled. The cold, calm light fell clear upon the cream- coloured sands, bathing their far stretching waste in dreary brilliance; and made the pale blue aloes still more pale--turning them, in their shadowy huelessness, into the very ghosts of Agave. But gloriously the moonbeams fell upon the waters; from shore to horizon a dazzling path of light trembled along the waves. Suddenly, one of the little silver-seekers looked up, and, beholding the quivering splendour, caught his sister by the arm, crying out, as he pointed to the glittering road: "Look, Sissie! Look, Sissie! There's the silver in the sea!" That boy, I am convinced, will be a poet. I intend to propitiate him with peace-offering's of almond-rock, in order that, in days to come, he may immortalize me in his verses. The ingenious editor of Facts and Figures (the be- nevolent gentleman who has taken upon himself a mathematical mission, and, because there are no ele- mentary mathematical works in existence, is going to teach young Australia algebra by monthly instalments in his own paper), has recently inoculated all other papers with a Holcus Saccharatus pose. Amongst other things told of the saccharine reed an attempt is made to prove that it was the sugar-cane of the ancients, on the authority of the following line:-- Quique bibunt tenera dulces ab arundine succos. Now, I draw a very different inference from the verse. It is my belief that those of whom the poet speaks had a higher degree of civilization than we give them credit for, and were acquainted with the Sherry cobbler! Is not the amber beverage, with its lemon, its nutmeg, and its ice, in very sooth a dulcis succus! And may we not be said to imbibe it ab arun- dine? Between that and the true syphon there is only the difference of a straw. Hail, son of Crispin most divine, Whose skin is glass, whose blood is wine, A lip the lance by which thou'rt bled! Hail, cobbler of whom none e'er said Ne sutor ultra--that's to say, If you interpret it this way: "That sherry-cobbler is my last"! But whist! or folks will say I'm fast. To prove the contrary, allow me to inform you that this morning--Ultra High Churchman as I am (save that I never go to Church, the purple of my Puseyism having sadly faded in Australia, where we have only the nonsense, none of the poetry of the thing)--I went "to meeting." "Nothing very wonderful in that," perhaps you say. I beg your pardon--it was something wonderful for me; and being afflicted with cacoethes scribendi which, like certain disorders of the skin,--is sure to break out, in a fresh place, after change of air, I am going to jot down a little of what I saw and heard in the tabernacle, at Wollongong. The building itself--just opened--may be concisely described as a neat little edifice of the Chapel-Gothic style of architecture. Observing a crowd clustered round the doors, and dropping in by ones and twos; and learning that the Congregational Canon of Sydney, the Rev. W. Cuthbertson, was going to preach; ob- serving, moreover--to tell the honest truth--some belles chretiennes amongst the entering bon chretien pairs, pretty piety not "in pattens," but in riding habits and "flop" hats, as well as hirsute holiness in Sunday toggery and bell-toppers, I obeyed the gregarious instinct, and went in, also. The chapel was soon filled with young and old with a superabundance, indeed, of the former class of worshippers; for children in arms squealing like pigs in an Irish packet, and somnolent two-year olds fall- ing off the benches, at uncertain intervals, with reso- nant "thuds" and subsequent lamentation, are by no means aids to devotion. (Once, during the sermon, the preacher, after a vain attempt to drown the noise of a brat, was compelled to retire from the amœbean con- test, and sit down, dead beat, until the little nuisance, still lifting up its voice on high--hurling back a tri- umphant defiance, was ejected from the premises. Why do people take babies to church, chapel, and the play? They can derive no profit or pleasure from discourse or drama; and prevent other people from deriving any either--the plagesome little puppies in the manger! Enter two pastors, in (if I may perpetrate such a bull) non-conformist canonicals. The divine in front is of the middle size and melancholy aspect, with dark brown hair far too closely cut for elegance,--with a pale face and rather stiff choker. The posterior pastor (Mr. Cuthbertson, I find) is "another guess sort" of a man; tall, portly, full faced--bordering on the jolly. If a little rosier about the gills, and a dozen years older, he would make a good, old-fashioned, orthodox rector; one of those succulent successors of the Apostles with a weak- ness for plum-pudding and pluralities, posses- sors of first-rate port and professors of sober piety, knowing in horses, stern, foes to heresy; dabs at whist, cribbage, and backgammon; and able, when occasion calls, not only to expound a knotty text, but also to pound a saucy tinker. Of course merely I mean that Mr. Cuthbertson looks like one of those ruddy religionists. I acquit him of all things uncomplimentary in the above category of qualities and accomplishments; and, also, of one thing complimentary--to wit, horsemanship; for I never yet saw a non-conformist minister that didn't ride like a tailor. Dissenting colleges, no doubt, turn out men of excellent head and heart: so do the Universities, but their men know also how to use their feet and hands. Whilst the budding nonconformist divine is blearing his eyes over Baxter and Owen, the sucking Episcopalian is doing his best to bump a rival boat, getting four runs for a hit, or scampering after the hounds--and yet, after all, manages to pass the "voluntary" without discredit. I can't help thinking that the latter system of training is the better--at all events, for clergymen who intend to come out hither, where you must know how to sit a horse and saddle him too. I once saw a worthy non- conformist preacher--not a hundred miles from Mor- peth--"divesting," as he phrased it, "his steed of its paraphernalia," for the first time, and his initiatory proceeding was to unbuckle and hang up--the bit. But this is queer talk for a chapel. I love the Liturgy, and detest, as a rule, extempo- raneous prayers. Nevertheless, although I try hard, I am unable to pick a hole in the unread supplications of the gentleman (Mr. Beazley) who conducts the in- troductory services. There is in what he says, none of that irreverent chatting with God, communicating information to the Omniscient, that too often makes such prayers --to my mind, at least--mere blasphe- mies. I admire, too, the hearty way in which he stands up and sings, instead of doing his praise by proxy, borrowing the larynxes of his congregation, whilst he sits mum and lazy in the pulpit;-- a fashion in vogue with most popular preachers. Perhaps it would be better if he didn't wield his hymn-book quite so much like Winterbottom's baton, but then, as he really is conducting, "setting the tunes" most vigorously, we'll waive the objec- tion. I want, however, to take a thumb-nail portrait of the theological star come down to fulfil a provincial engagement; so, just hinting to Mr. Beazley that a gloved and an ungloved hand clasped high up on the breast look, in the distance, ludicrously like the "Bashful Man's" inky shirt-front, I will pass on to Mr. Cuthbertson. He has an excellent voice, when kept down to its natural key; distinct, deep, and--for the want of a better word--oleaginous. When he raises it, along with the blast, one hears a little of the bray of the trumpet. I am not certain, but I fancy, that some- thing like an almost-mastered Aberdonian accent bristles up occasionally like a ten-times cut-down Bathurst burr, provokingly re-appearing; but this, whatever it is, is of a very rare recurrence. Mr. Cuthbertson punctuates his first few sentences with nervous coughs for periods. I should have thought this strange in so practised a speaker, had I not wit- nessed the distressing, almost effeminate, tremor that characterises the exordiums of James Parsons, of York. I don't know that I am right, by the bye, in calling Mr. Cuthbertson's cough nervous (as his voice does not tremble). It is more like the pant of a pavier--a weighty thought, instead of a heavy flagstone, having been rammed down. Some pastors must be a tremendous expense to their people in the way of Bible- binding and pulpit cushions. Mr. Cuthbertson does not manifest his love for the word of God by pitching into it, and strives to impress the listeners, not the velvet, before him. He uses very little "action;" what he does use is graceful and appropriate. I once heard a gentleman who, I believe, was much celebrated among the Wes- leyans; and for the life of me, I could not help laughing. He trundled his head just like a mop, as if he could in that way scatter on all sides the truths of the Gospel. From vulgar eccen- tricities of this kind Mr. Cuthbertson is very happily free; remembering, perhaps, that Mr. Pecksniff's horse, although displaying very high "action," made very little progress. So much for manner: now for matter. The sermon that I heard was a well-articulated dis- course. There were no "harkings back" in the logic, and very few in the language. Only in three instances, I think, had the preacher to stop to "take up a stitch." No unfortunate nominative case rushed franti- tically about in search of its verb, like a man stopping at an hotel who has forgotten the number of his room. Periods of good, frequently graceful, at times very eloquent, English came out, one after the other, like the slides of a telescope. A fastidious taste might object to the word "scare," as too colloquial for the pulpit; but "terrify" is Latin, whilst "scare" is Anglo-Saxon. The greater portion of the sermon might have been reported word for word, not more than one sermon or speech in a thousand would bear, throughout verbatim reproduction. The only speakers that could stand that test --that I ever heard--in this part of the world, are Frank Fowler, who tells off his sentences, one by one, like a rosario of pearls; and Mr. Deniehy, whose eloquence flows like the golden tide of Pactolus. The doctrine of the sermon, I have no doubt, was very excellent; but with that I have nothing to do-- once or twice I thought the preacher waxed too philo- sophical, and shot above the heads of his audience, still he did not lose their attention. Gaping, they watched him go up into the darkness, as people gaze at a rocket. I may speak of the spirit of the ser- mon; and it is a pleasant task, because the spirit was so Catholic. Greatly to the disgust of a buckram Brownite who sat near me, and who shuddered at the word Archbishop as a boy does at a cup of senna, Mr. Cuthbertson quoted, with approval, from Whately. All things considered, I am not at all sorry that I went to "meeting" this morning. There was a "tea-meeting" after the service, com- mencing at two, but not being in the habit of taking my tea immediately after tiffin, I did not participate in that interesting festivity. Tea at two seems very much as if the day had put his toes in his pocket. Its an ill bird that fouls its ain nest, says the pro- verb. Nevertheless, having received a prick from the quill of a nest-fellow, I am about to perform that dis- graceful operation. As the country papers have been kind enough to attribute to me all sorts of things that I disn't write in the first number of the Month, court- eously adding that they are the worst in the magazine, (notwithstanding those Last Fruits from a lot of Old Sticks, the adverse criticisms upon it, I acknowledge, without shame, My-much-abused-Ferry Boat), I will save my generous critics the trouble of guessing, and openly St. Sebastianize myself for their arrows, by telling them what I did write in the second. The poet not having, like the author of Quartz and Gold, "reserved the right of translation," I gave a rough-and-ready rendering of the Homeridian Hymn to Demeter; adding, as a second title, A Lay of Ancient Greece. This translation is treated by the gentleman who notices the second number of the Month in my "wel- come, and thrice prayed-for, and most fair, and best beloved Herald as an original production (I appreciate the compliment), intended to "compete with Mac- aulay's Lays of Ancient Rome (I admire the accurate chronology), and, with contemptuous complacency, is condemned as "dull" (of course, I bow to the deci- sion). I love a joke, and verily I've got one. But oh! that an enemv had thus egregiously committed him- self, that I might have had full swing! Friendship ties up one's hands most provokingly. Well, at all events, I may have a bout with my Aristarchus--I was going to say "my author's Zoilus"--law! I have said it--with the gloves on. Fair play's a jewel. Thou noblest of the Homeridæ, whose strains were once thought worthy even of him from whom thou hast thy name, and which for many a century since have stirred the hearts of all who know what genuine poetry is,--thou--by a Sydney reviewer--art de- nounced as "dull." Wandering o'er meads of asphodel--thy songs all sung, to life's task done-- little dost thou think that thou hast just been summoned to the critical bar as a youthful, presumptuous aspirant to poetical honours, and dismissed without the bays--that thou, the rival of grand, old Melesigenes, art supposed to be emulating--unsuccessfully--Thomas Babington Ma- caulay!-- Piper! I pity thee. I admit that my jolting ballad-measure is a sorry substitute for the harmonious hexameters of the original, but as I have, I think, given the meaning pretty faith- fully, I imagined that the music of the thoughts would be detested, despite the back of verbal melody. My good brother, however, is evidently a "man who hath not music in his soul," and--as a critic of poetry, at least--henceforth, must not be "trusted." History tells of the Battle of Spurs and the Battle of the Meal-bags: a recent debate on the Land Bill in the Victorian House of Assembly should be chro- nicled as the Fight of the Auxiliaries. The Solicitor- General proposes a clause to the effect that the Board of Commissioners ''shall" issue licenses, &c.;, &c.; Mr. Wood proposes, as an amendment, the substitu- tion of the word "may" for "shall." After a long discussion, the following is the form adopted, "may and is required to." "Strange that such difference there should be 'Twixt tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee!" '"May-and-is-hereby-required-to" is simply equivalent to "shall:" why, in law, any more than in common life, use six words when one would do? Just fancy an irate debtor expelling a dunning tailor from his dwelling, and thus addressing him: "You may, and are hereby required [brandishing the poker] to, make yourself scarce, Sir! " Snip would consider the granted option slightly superfluous. What a people we English are for precedents! How we toe the line, and walk on beaten paths! What religious reverence we manifest for usage! The story that has been going the round of the papers under the head of "The Speaker Fixed" is an amusing illustra- tion of this national tendency. Mr. Denison, weary of solitary grandeur, is about to leave his seat, when Sir Denis Le Marchant reminds him that there is no member present to move an adjournment of the house; so there poor Mr. Denison has to sit, like Milton's lady in the enchanted chair, until Mr. Hume is brought back to break the spell and free the spell- bound, by solemnly moving the adjournment of the House of two. Suppose Mr. Hume had refused to come, suppose --for a spree--every other member had proved equally obdurate,--would the poor Speaker have been locked up in the House all night, like a worshipper, who has overslept himself, in the gloomy church? Would he have had his meals brought him \--in tin can and sandwich-box--like a carpenter or mason? Would Mrs. Denison have hurried down to Westminster (for at this time, I think, the "Speaker's Residence" was not finished), and indignantly demanded his release; making St. Stephen's resound with objurgations like those of the matron whose "good man" is in the watch-house, and can't get bail? There is something very ludicrous in the hypothetical position. A Yankee, under similar circumstances, as soon as he had whittled off one arm of the chair, and discovered that there was no island left for irrigation in the semicircle of saliva that surrounded him, would have coolly sloped; a Frenchman would have torn his hair en désespoir, and then rushed wildly out, theatrically braving the consequences; but the Englishman sits still and stolid, a martyr to the majesty of Law! Infelix Theseus sedet, œternumore sedebit, until he can be legally liberated. The comical contretemps is a type in caricature of many a pregnant passage in British chronicles. ** 