OAM.ÀNT' -ÄND UXCITINO. ~ VLÍZX, ÏIBTWBEN TOM B ÄSERS AND ¿ARON JONES POR ÏWO HUNDRED POUNDS. . '' " After an unusually long period of dnlnoes ¡n the pugilistic hemisphere; the - horizon " was 'on Tuesday last lighted ""'up by" an exhibition of manlincs and determination of thc most bril- liant character, Witnessed-only-by-a- veryaniall number of lovers of;tbe noble science, but those of tba highcut class, was of a character to instij into tho minds of the British 'paulie the most unbounded admiration for thé- enterprise and of (bc gallant .Tom Sayers on the one hand, and the passive endurance"of his opponent Jones on toe other. ".".".*' ' " ' ' '.?'?'?* '??. . The 'Bpot selected was not far from Convey Island, where Freeman- and, the .Tipton Slasher fought, nad a landing having beau with soma difficulty effected, Tom Oliver, CalU« j-Pug,' Ïrocseded to form the liats, and ;sh nlf-past 12 o'clook; the men entered the ring, 1 Sayers attended by- Jemmy- Welsh.-and George Crockett, and J Jones waited- upon . by .Mike Madden and a «porting Boniface of great cele- brity. Betting was in favor of Jones at 5 to 4, sad a bot of -£10 to £8 ..was made and staked I between tho men. - Sayers was born in 1826 in tho neighbourhood of Somers Town, and is con [ Btqtiontly in his 31st year* He commenced hts j pugilistic career -March .19, 1843, by defeating j one Couch, for £5 a-sirle, in 12min 28sec, j nt Qrecnhitho, and so well sntisSod wore his 1 friends that he was .next matched -against.Dan ' Collins, whose protracted battle .with the accom- ? ; pl'uhcd Ned Donnelly had . raised him not a ' little on tho ladder-of fame. This battle com ) menced at Edcn-bridgo, Oct. 20, 1850, when nine rounds wore fought, in 2?min, at which time the Blues made their appearance, and jcattored the belligerents und thoir friends, who, however, ro-aasomulcd tho same day at Ked Bill, whore 20 more rounds wero fought, ia lh 52min, mid farther hostilities < wore put an end toby darkness. . H was n severe contest, and by many was thought to be a near thing. Both men were severely punished, and- an. adjournment took I p\»ce to April 29, 1851, when they met at kong 1 íicscb, and after a gallant struggle of 44 rounds, ? occupying 84inin, tho superiority .of Sayers was visible to all, and Collins had to. surrandnr. Sayers now bogan to look higher in the world, and, nflir several trials for a match, at length found backers against, the thitherto undefeated Jack Grant, for Xl00 asido. -This was thought to be ! n daring attempt on tho part of our hero, and Grant was made a great favorite. Tbs fight Í came off ou the 29th of June, at Mildenhall, I winja Sayer«, no doubt rendered cautious by the ? extraordinary fame-of his opponent,.' did not tako that extraordinary lead which some of his backers expected. He adopted, however, a rjutious but determined Btjlé . of fighting, and, alter n very few rounds, it was perceptible that Ilia was the eafe game, and that Jock Grant hud it length mer. his master. The 6ght lasted two bonn »nd fifty minutes, during which 64 rounds were í'tight, and Sayers was proclaimed once mure victorious. His next essay was with Jack Martin,..'an.. 26 1853, when be defeated his mao, without a scratch, in 23 rounds in 65 min, Martin, who was Rame to the backbone, taking ! iii gruel in the most unflinching manner. Tom's friends wcro now uncommonly sweet upon him, and Tum himself being of an aspiring nature, ho was matched against tho accomplished Nat Langham. Here, for thu first and only time, Buyers mut with a reverse. Ue was overmatched in everylhtnit except strength, aud, although he liurdvvereil in the most indomitable manner, Ould Kat pinked him over and over again on the nozzle and peepers until he eould not sec a hole through a ladder, and had to surrender, after fighting Ul rounds in two hours and two min, Ucl 16, 1833. From the top Tom went to the lliottom of the tree, or, in other words, from Nat, I langham to George Sims. In this battle Tom Ittaked £50 to £25, and . defeated his ? man in f..ur rounds, occupying exactly .fire minuten, Rims not having the ghost of a shadow of a ihadaw of- a chance. It came oft'Fob 'ii, 1854. From that time until his victory-eyer Harry 1'oulson in the spring, which must be too fresh ¡u the recollection of our readers to require further comment, Sayers remained on the shelf.. After that gallant deed Tum at once tbougbt of soar- ing to tho. lop .of the tree, and threw .down the fauatlet to Paddock,, provided tho latter would nake£200.to £100. A match was. made, .but ended In unioVc. and Tom - was again idle until tho match now in ,hnnd. ¡.,1 bis was by oiauy. tliotight to be a foolhardy undertaking, and ruurothan oncohis best. friends prophesied, that there was nothing in store for : him but defeat. Junes had so raised himself by his two game Imliles with. Paddock that, it Was considered he must overwhelm one who, as compared., to bim, was a more pigmy;: so thought, n it, the gallant Tom. however, wini said ho made.up his - mind to win, and added 'be was not without hopos that. ho should yet attain tu thc championship of..Eng lan i nnd thc belt. This was . all set. down ns mer' Launce, but, as will be. seen by thu result ol Tuesday's proceedings, Tom!s .own estimation of hin Lowers and that .of his staunchest, patrons uns not without some, very strong foundation. Ai soon us thc articles were signed Tom went into training at Newmarket, and. got himself into mo.t perfect .condition.. Bis weight was lust 1 llb, and when he showed at the benefit on Mondiiy night;.-his.fettle was. such as to instil., froh hopes into his friends,, and to lead them to form the highest hopeB of. his BUCCCSS. The odds, which hud been G to 4 on Junes, quickly dropped j to ü to 4, at which price they remained until tho fight commenced.. "¡ i ; j. .... / Euroli Junos is a Shropshire youth.' and first ww the light in Milich, 1851. He therefore has the, advantago of Sayers in age by five years. His height is 5 feet 11+ inches, and' his weight »b ut I2st. His first encounter was with Harry Orme;, und carno off Dee. IB,-1849. It-was lor £21) asido, and lasted two hours nud 45 minutes Itwnswon by Orme. On the- 24th of Sept. fallowing Jonus achieved his first and - only con- quest, his opponent being the veteran Bob Wade, « hom he fought for £25 a-side, aud whom lío licked in 43 rounds, lasting 60 minuten. After this Jones roniainod on the shelf fot nearly two years, and thon . he ' came out with" tho «Towed intention'of redeeming his lost laurels byo bout with Harry Orme. The latter .was nothing loth, and they fought for £lO0 a-slde. lit will doubtless bo remembered that tho police Bwero very officious on tho. occasion, and the saetí wore much harassed. They fought a few rounds at Bourn Bridge, aud a few at Newmar- ket, Orme getting the advantage at the former place, and Jones at tho latter. '-The referee thon »meda third place, where tho ring wasonoe narc pitched, but Jones declined to renew the Mutest, and the stukes were awarded to Orme.: 'ones' roason fur this, refusal we have never .thorned. It was nt the time set down to a «nt of heart, but we aro more1 inclined to attrt ratoit to weakness of constitution,'as his two '«tiles wtih Tom Paddock and the encounter.of fuesday have amply rodeumed hts character rou any charge of want of courage. Jones, "ter the above battle, wits again on thp shelf for ipqrlod. of two years, and. ho then .came out »Idly with a dmr enge to Tom Paddock, which fas, accepted, and the ..mon met July. 18, 1854, Uiong Kcnclu for. XlOO a-stde, andj after as !"lhint a struggle as was ovor witnessed, in jKnich both wore severely mauled. Jones.became. Ierfcctly blind, and hi» fi ¡ends gave 'n for him, >>cr fighting 121 rouudB in two hours and 24 minutes. So satisfied were his backers on thiB occasion, that they at once expressed their wil- lingness io' make a fresh match; and; after some little time articles were entered' into, and they went, into training for the second mill. This' affair came ofFat Mildonhall on tho 20th J cine, 1855, and was another display of manly courage and perseverance- on' both' sidns.' -Towards the close Jofiés, who for some time had the best Of it,' fell off very weak, and Paddock, who, like his opponent, was much punished and exhausted, saw that his time was come, and shaking himself together, he rattled away in style until poor Aaaron was once more compelled to cry "a go", after a contest of sixty-one rounds, in one hour and twenty-nine minutes. Jones after this was matched with the Tipton Slasher, but this, in- tended mill never came to a meeting, as Jones, found a difficulty in obtaining his money, and was compelled to forfeit. This was in the early part of last-year. He had no other engagement until Tuesday last, and to the doings of that day we must, after this digression, again turn, our attention to THE FIGHT. Round 1—On baring their fore-quarters to the piercing breeze, a perceptible shiver ran through the carcases of the combatants. Sayers looked in perfect condition; every muscle was percep- tible, and wo donbt whether there was an ounce of. superfluous flesh abodt him. There was a smile of confidence on his nm.», and bright sparkle in his eye that betokoned extraordinary health and spirits. His attitude was art i itic and firm, yet light. ' Of course ho stood on the de- fensive, and eyod his hoavier opponent. There did not appear,to. be that disparity in sire that really existed, for Jones stooped rather on throw- ing himself on guard, and thns reduced his height almost to a level with that of the gallant Tom, who was upright as a dart. Aaron's con- dition did not seem to us so first-rate as the first glance at his mag had led ns to suppose His máselos, though large, were too well .covered, i while his back and chest, also displayed much I superfluous meat, ..and we. should say., that his weight could not have been less than 12st 4 b. 1 Ile, like Sayers, looked confident, hut was far more serious.in his demeanour. They both çom tnonccd tho ronnd with tho utmoBt caution, spar- ring, and attempting to draw one aaotber.intd ' something like «j opening, bat for a long time neither would throw a chance away. At length Jones dashed ont left and right, .but the blows passed over Tom's shoulders, and Toni with, quickness tapped , Aaron on the proboscis, but without force. Sayers now. let po his left, but Jones retreated. Tom persevered, and was cle- verly stopped. ? In a third attempt, after more dodging, ho got heavily on Aaron's gob, and stopped back without a return.. Jones now as-., sumed the offensive, but was stopped, and Tomi after another dodge or two, planted his left hon vily on the mark, and then the same hand on the side of Aaron's nut, but not heavily. Jones re- turned heavily on the right peeper, and shortly after made a second call. at the same establish- ment. Moro stopping and dodging, until Sayers paid another visit to Aaron's kisser. Jones mis- sing his return. Each now stopped a lead, but immediately afterwards Jones popped in his left on . the snuffer tray, a heavy hit, without.a re- turn. Tom grinned a ghastly grin, but the crack evidently made him see stars. Jones attempted, to repeat tho dose, but Tom got well away, and, a« he retreated, popped his left on the neck. More excellent stopping on both sides, and, after a few harmless exchanges, Tom tried a double, with his left, and got on the throat, but tho blow lacked steam. .Jones returned-with quickness over the left peeper, inflicting a cut, and draw ing-tha claret, j fi'*/ blood for Jones.1 Tom, although staggered, was undaunted, and went at his man with détermination ; lic orice moro got on the bread-basket heavily. Good counter hits followed, in which .Jones again reached Tom's damaged peeper, drawing more of the essential oil, and Tom delivered a straight one on. tho snout, removing a small portion of the bark, and drawing the juico Tom then got on the left I squinter, and, after some sharp punching at close I (planers, both fell. This round lasted exactly half an hour. _ 2. Tom came up much flushed, and tho gravy I distilling from, his .damaged squinter. After.a little dodging ho tried his double, but did not get it homo. Ho tried a second time, bat - was Rtopped, and Jones returned' on the left ogle; This, led to very heavy counters, each on the larboard goggle. ¡ Jones now feintod, and popped his left on the nose. They got .hold of one ? another, swung, round, broke away, and Sayers then popped his left again, on the left. cy o., Severe exchanges followed at closo quarters, and both were in the end down. , . . , i . . , ? . ; 3; Sayers quickly lcd off with his left, and was stoppod. Ho then tried his double, but-was short. In a third essay he got home on Aaron's' beak, hut not heavily.-. Twice again-did ho'pop in gentle taps,1 but he now napped another rattler< on the loft eye. . Severe exchanges followed, Aaron again turning on the stream from Tom's' left brow, and Tom tapping hi«opponent's snuff- box. More exchanges in favour of-Jones, and in the end both fell ia a scrambling sti-uggle, Jones under. - - , . ; - ? 4\. Tom's left brow and the left side of his can- ister were much swollen, bat he was still con- 1 rident and led od'. Jones countering biro Well on the gob. Heavy exchanges followed, Torn on the snoot, and'Jones on the left cheek, and both again slipped down, the ground being anything' but level. .. ".' . S. Tom let fly bis left, but was neatly stopped; Joues returned on the side of tho brain, pan, and got .down. .., .... .... j,, ! G. Sayers carno up. looking very serious, and it subsequently turned out that he was Buttering from severe cramp in the stomach and lower ex- tremities. Ile wont in, feinted; and got well home on Jones's left eye. This led to sharp ex- changes und a close, whoD both-were down, Jones being underneath/ Aaron had now a bump on his left peeper; which was apparently .closing, : ...-...,>.. . ' 7\. A.-iron lost no time in sending out his left, which fell on Tom's, chest., r ea vy, counter-hits followed, .Jones on the. conk and Tom on the kisser. - More exchanges, in favor of Sayers who again got on ; Aaron's damaged optic, aud the latter got down.. ., \\\ .- i ; ... ->.. . 8\. Sayers wont to hi« man, and tried-his double, the second blow dropping on .Aaron's sneezer, and Tom then- got cleverly away from tho return. Exchanges "ensued, lom -on.the mark, and Aaron on tho maznará; Aaron then got home his . right heavily on the left side of Tom's knowledge box, and then his left on- the left eye, rind in the close Sayers was down. . ; 9. Aaron led off. but: was. well stopped, and this led, to some sharp exchanges-Jones on the bad peeper, and Tom on the left brow. Sayers triod another double, and once mute visited Aaron's snorter,-but not heavily. Moro mutual stopping, and Jones, at length, , tn gotting anray slipped and fell -One. hour had. now elapsed. IO.. Tom.planted his left on tho snorter, and received a little ono in return on the forehond. Jones now lot fly his left nnd right, but was clo- verly stopped. In a second essay, bo got home on tho left cheek. Heavy exchanges followed, Tem getting on both peepers, and Jones on tbe side of .Tara's cranium with buth daddies, and Tom foll. \- ll. Aaron had now a mark on each peeper, the left fast closing. . Tom's loft, too, appeared almost shut np. Jones tried to take the lead, but misspdi Sayers, .likewise, missed his return. Kxch.mges followed in'favor of Jones,, who, in the end, closed, and in the struggle both fell, Jones uppermost. 12\. No time lost; both quickly got at it, and some sharp exchanges took place, id favour ol Jones, who'got heavily on'?-Tom's nose.- Tom made his left on-the body heavily, and they then peggód away wildly at «lose quarters, until Jones got down; 1 . - . ?.? ; 13.; Aaron dashed in and pegged away left and right, but without' preoision, and ultimately bored his man' down/' ' '.' ' ' ?.- >.'*; 14\. 'Jones feinted; and popped his left oh the left squinter, without a return. Tom then let go hisloft, bat was short,1 and Jones, in dashing at him in return, slipped and foll ?'? ' .. ..? - . 15. Aaron led off, loft and right, but Tom got . nway.^He came again; and tried to plant his left, butwas short. He'then tried bis double, bat Jones got away. Both now sparred and dodged, bnt nothing came of itv At last. Jones dashed, in,land- heavy exchanges took place, in fávor of. Jones; who, however, in tho end, fol). ..16. Both at qnce went to work, and heavy ex- changes'took place; each napping it on the left ogle, and both fell .through the ropes. . <:}7. Tom's, forehead and left-eye .mach, dis- figured.- Jones lot fly his left and right, on the sides of tho nob very heavily, and both again fell; through the ronës. . I IS; Tora.carno np slowly, and was nanea on tho damaged peeper. In return bo caught Aaron [ on the brow, but not heavily. Jones, then made his left and right on tho side of the head and ! left eye, and Tom retaliated .on. the nose a .little ono. A close followed, and in the end both were I down, Jones undor. ? . ? - , , ; j 19-Tom dodged, and got home on Aaron's I smeller with his left, and, Aaron than made both ! hands on the left side of Tom's wig block. A I closo and sharp struggle, when both fell, Tom I under. . ., , . 1\. 20-Jones dashed in and let go both hands on I the nut. Tom returned,on the.left brow, and ! both fell.backwards.' ' ". * ' ;." ? ! 21 -Aaron again dashod in. Ho missed his right, closed; and. both fell. Jones under. ; j 22-Toni now led off, but missed,' and Jones ! caught him heavily with hisrîght orfthö frontls I piece, nnd knocked him down.' [Firji knock- down for Jones.] ?: ' -, .- ..... I 23-Tom, oh coming up, showed the effect of the last blow on his:forehead. ' He attempted to I lead off, but was very short. Ho tried Bgain ?with a like result; and Jones,' in letting go both I hands in retune overreached himself and fell; 24-Aaron rattled, In, planted his left; and right on the scent-box and left ear, the latter Very heavy, and bored Tom down. I ¡25-Tom came up bleeding from a severe cnt on the left lug. and .bis dial much out of the per- pendicular. He. tried , to lead off,, but Jones caught htm on the right brow, but. not very hea- vily.; Tom then got homcon the body, and tre- mendous . counter-hits followed« in favor of I Jones, who, in the end, slipped and . fell, Tom I catching him, just as ho reached the ground, on tho slide of the head. , 126-Jones wont in left and right, closed, and both were, down; / Sayers : was now very, weak, and the Jonesites were in ecstacy. : 27.-Aaron led off, getting well on the side of Tom's nut with bis right.. ; Tom missed hjs re tum.'and Jones then planted his left, and right on the top of tho skull; closed at the ropes, where Tom managed to throw him, bat not hea- vily. 28 - Jones led off, and got well on Tom's nose with his left, and Tom returned on the side of the bead. After a little dodging. Jones popped on left on Tom's left peeper, and his right on the the, jaw again flooring Tom and falling on him: ,29-Tom, who was ' excessively weak, came np slow, hut determined; he tried his left at the body, but it was short. >° Jones then let fly his left in return, bat was countered on tho month. He then planted his toft and right on Tom's damaged listener, and in the end fell. 30-Aaron, after a few dodges, once more popped a little-uu on Tom's car. Tom there- upon dashed in, but got a'little one on the conk, and another on the s do of tho head, and Jones, iii getting away, fell laughing.. ? 31 - Jones attempted to lead off, but Tom got away. Jones followed him'np. caught him again on the side of the nob, closed, and both rolled over together. . 32-Jones dashed In, planted both hands on the brain-pan, closed, and .forced Tom down. , : 33 - Jones again rushed in, but inflicted no damage, and again bored Tom down. ,' ? . : 34-Jones still forced tho fighting, and caught Toni, wb'o seemed very tired, on tho side of the head, and, in the end, both slipped down:" ' " . ; 35 -Sayers was'forced'"dowrirafte'r'getting a gentle reminder'oh " the rsidé'Tóf his damaged figure-head. - . - . > vi.. :!/ 36-Tom; a little refreshed, sparred about for wind, until Jones went in, and heavy exchanges took place, in favour of Jones, when both fell backwards.-~--:---*- . - - I. 37-Tom, recovering a little, tried his doable, but. Jones got, away, and,, as Tom camoche nailed him on the ! left brpw. Tom'then made" his left oh .the.mark, but again napped itVheavily on. the'left eye, ' ,Aaron.,now gotonthe.n.pso with his loft-a heavy spank ; and,t in getting back, ho,staggered and fell,. Sayers also fell.; 33-Jones dodgedi and planted his left on the mouth heavily, and: his right on the side of the head. Tom.returned slightly .on ,the nose, and, after alight exchanges, both fell.... ",..,.. ¡ ¡ 38 -.Very slight exchanges, and Sayers slipped : down. v< .: >::?? !? :.: ; . , f.. ., .;.!., i 40-Àftcr a little sparring, they got close, and : exchanges : took, place, each: getting it on the mouth. Sayers then tried his left!at tho mark, but Jones got array.; .'Tom.followed him up,and was caught by Aaron, left and right, on the sides of his head, and.fell. ; . .-;..!'. . .'i ,', 41- Tom came'ttp, shook himself, and rattled in, but he got it on the-top of hiB cranium. Jones, in stepping back, fell. . Two hoars bad. now expired.. ?. : .. -, ?. . . .. . . . .'>.- .. i 42- Jones, steady, let go his left on the side of Tom's head, and , then both mawleys on ,the sanio spot. Tom , followed bim up, but got it again on the brow.. He, however, got hume on Jonos' body, and in retreating Blipped ond Ml. '43'-'Long sparring foir wind, and at length Jones'again made play on the left side of Tom's . occiput, and then oh his snout. Tom returned on tho latter, organ, butnot heavily. Hönow tried His favourite double; but did not get homo.' In a second attempt bo got heavily on Aaron's proboscis, and got away. Exchanges followed, in which Tom again got heavily on tho nose with his left, and in the end Jones dropped 44-Tom was now evidently recovering from his exhaustion. Ho carno np 'steadier, and sparred about until Jones commonced the attack, when he stopped him neatly. Heavy counter hits followed on the jaw, after which Tom tried the donble once again, but was stopped. . Moro good counter-hits. Tom getting well on Aaron's' left eye, and receiving on the mouth.: Aaron's left eye all but closed. ; 45-Moro sparring,' until jones lotny ms ion, ' but Tom got away. Exchanges followed. Tom on ibo whistler, and Junes on the nose, but not heavily. Moro sharp counter- hitting, Tom once moro gettin» on the left eye heavily: Jones re [ turned, but not effectively, with both hands on tho side of the head, and in getting away from the return he fell,' ' ' .?' " I 46-Jones succeeded in planting a spanking hit from tile loft on the left ogle, and then j another with the same hand ot) the left cheek. In s third attempt be was stopped. Heavy counter hits followed, and Irl' the ond Jones fell, Bayers falling over him. ?'??'?? 47-Aaron feinted with his loft, and got well on Tom's nose; a very straight hit. ' Tom. in return, tried his double, but, was short.. After some more ineffectual at tem pta they got to it, and tremendous exchanges took- place, each ; getting lt on the nose and left eve, and in tho tend Jones got down. Two hoars fifteen 'minâtes. ,;: . / \- ..' 48-Tom tried to lead off, bat wáffstoppcd, and Jones planted his left on chest.'Koro now , stoppod two of Jones's hits offer which heavy exchanges took place, Tom getting well on to, the!left eye, and Jones on tho nose. ..Moro sharp 'exchanges, left and right, each getting popper in earnest, and the favours mutually divided. . A break away, and (o it again, ding dong, and Tom drew, the crimson from Aaron's left peeper, which was now effectually closed. In th« end Jones felL lt...was now anybody's battle; Tom had quito recovered his wind, and. was nearly ai strong as bis heavier opponent. __4âî-Bath_much- punished. Sayers sparred until Jones, tried to load off. when ho got away,. Jobos followed him np, but was slmrt iii his de- liveries. In tho end they closed, and as they wore falling. Tom poppod his right sharply on. Aaron's back. 50- Jones,- after sparring, led off, and got home on the nose, but not. heavily; Tom returned I on the right peepor, and.some pretty^ exchanges,' " left and right, took place,, fpI!'>wedVhy>:bro*V ¡ away, and Jonos then stopped Tom's lefti Tom',' in return, stopped Aaron, and planted his'left on the mark, and then on the lett eye, and Jones got down. . 1 ' 51- Jones led off, but was stopped. He per- severed, and a good give.and ,takp rally followed, Jones getting on . the left eye and Tom on the. left cheek heavily. T.om next got on the mouth, drawing the burgundy, and then on the; nose, .and left cheek. Another sharp rally followed,, after a break, away, and in the, end;,both down.. . 52-Sayers visibly improving, while Joños fell off. ' Jones was short in his lead, and Tom' returned on the smelling-bottle,' and: got away. Jones followed and dashed out his loft, but Tom ducked his head. 'Tom then got home on tho mouth and nose,'and drew more of the ruby from the latter ornament. Jones succeeded in returning a Iittle-uh on the left eye, and Sayers slipped'down. .' ' ...<.?; 53-Jonos who was bleeding front the left eye and 'moutfaj led off, but was well stopped. He. then missed his loft, but in'the end heavy ex- changes, left and right, took place, Jones on the side of the nat and the neck, and in getting back : he fell: ? ... ... -.-».;.,, 54-Tom now essayed a lead, bat was stopped. A second attempt reached Aaron's body, but not,I heavily, and Jones returned on the nose. Toro tried his. doable, but missed, and Jones popped a: little one on the mouth, and, then his left on the loft eye, and fell in the corner. , . ' . .'. '55 -.Tom dodged about until he got within distance, and then got homo heavily on the mark.! Jones returned on the jaw with his right, but not I heavily. After some more " sparring Jonea dashed.in, when Tom met him very heavily on the right cheek-bone with his left; and Aaron fell . all of a . heap. He was carried to bis corner, where it was with the utmost difficulty ho could , begot round at the.call of time. i56-Jones, came up all .abroad, and Tom popped in another spank on . the same spot, whereupon Jones again .fell. It was thought to be alt over, bat by dint of shiking him up. Aaron was enabled again to respond, to the call. ? 57-Tom rushed at his man to administer the. coup de grace, bat going in without precision, hp contrived to run against Aaron's left, which was swung wildly ont, and the blow, which alighted ori>Tom'a nose, regularly . staggered bim. He quickly ' recovered himself, abd went in «gain, but. Jones fell weak. After , this the battle continued to the 62d round, Jones getting gradually blind, and Sayers becoming -very."tired. At length in the 62d round, after someslight exchanges, the mon, who wera much exhausted, stood still,' looking at each other for some time, their, seconds covering them with rugs. ' At .length tho referee t and umpires called, on them to go in and finish.. Both went .to the scratch, but. on Sayers ap- proaching Jones,, tho latter retreated, to hts corner, ,and Torn, in, obedionco to the orders of his seconds, declined going to fight him there.' lt was getting dark,, and it was clear that Jones arid his.friends were determined not to throw a chance away, The . referee once more called on Jones, to go, to tho.scratch, which' ho did) but .with precisely, the. same result,' and thé referee seeing that' Tom was not strong ^nough to go with prudence to finish on his adversary's ground, and that Jones was unwilling to try tho ques- tion at the scratch iii hts then' exhausted state, ordered'? the men 'to shake hands, leaving the motion as to ' farther hostilities ' to. a' future dayí ; Both were 'severely punishod ¡ each- had a peeper closed; Jones's right was fast following'his' left, ;and his right hand was injured, so'that a second meeting the same week, was not to ,'be thought of. ' Tho' fight lasted '. oxnetty three hotirB.-ZjWi'i- Life in London, Janjll:- ¿i¿¿¿;. 