AN JiX I'JiltlliNCH OF AUSTRIA. (3'Yom Household Words ) On Ihe. tenth, of December, eighteen hundred aud tifiy.four, I entered tlio Austrian capital, and took up my abode at a certain hotel. I had no particular buiinest in Vienna.' My object was to nmtiBe myself; and, at my lei'nrc, see the many works at nrt of which the imperial city cun boast. My name, reader, is Jenkins—Alfred Jenkins. My passport, according to tho regulation, was deposited with the police, and I was presented in lieu thereof with a pass or permission to remain one month j this pass wai renewable, provided the authorities bad no objection. Oil the third day after my arrival I called t» the kelbicr to bring mo the Uoyd (tho Times of Vienna}. Tho kellner approached me, rubbed his bands, shook his head, and smiled. " The Lioyd," 1 repeated. '' ;,'L' ' ed, str," said the kellner. M c ul " Not allowed to come out, tit." "Why j" " Fur abusing the Emperorof llnssia." • For how long is it suspended ?" " Cannot say, sir, It may bo Tor one month, or for over—the minister of police willFetileth.it!" * lit re 1 ivtis guilty of a slight indiscretion. T remarked It, an linglish ofiicer, with whom J had eslal,!i;d ed an ncquantaneo, and who was seated at the same table with mo. " Only fancy, if the Times, tlie Daily News., or the Post was sudtVt'iy cut off from tin I imagine Sir ltieliard Maync riding down to I'riiiiing Home Square, and putting a padlock on the premises 1" " lie carolul," said my companion, in a whisper. " Dun see that littlo man at vender table r" "Yes. Who is he >" " He is a spy. No one knows whether ho is a German, nn Italian, nn linglishmmi, a I'reuchntan, or a Spaniard, for lie speaks all laugiiRpes witli HjUtil facility mid elegance. Not that he ever opens bis mouth iu this l oom except to eat. lie gives himself up to listening ; and, by long practice, his ears aro peculiarly acute." I took the hint; aud dis. coursed on the weather and other equally lrinnloss topics. At five o'clock I Eeated myscli at one of tin! small tables, ant! oidercd dinner. Sty companion had left Vienna for Trieste, and I was now alone; but, not far from m*, I copied the little man to whom my attenlitn had been culled t > in the morning. Now, if there lie one tiling in tho world that I detest more than another, it is having uo one to tulk to alter dinner. Tu dp w in in silence is to uic insupportable, so I coiled out. in a very great voice: " Kellner I" l'ho kellner, nn intelligent, well- mannered —indeed, a genileuinnlike person—cama) and I made several inquiries touching tho public amusements for the evening, and concluded by saying: " Itring me the Times, plcaie." "The limes bus not come to-day, sic—It hash en stopped." 'J'iie Times stopi.d 1 How > " A' tko frontier, sir." "Why " It lias cut something bad in it, I suppose sir." O ! Well, bring me the Ilaily News." " That paper is forbidden in Vienna." "Why!" "It Abuses the Austrian government." " In deed ! Then serve it i ight to exclude il from the Ausirisn dominion*." Here I gUnctal at the little man, who w*a now 1'!i. kellner then volunteered tlie following " When mi Hn^leh p..ptr nays anything had, ihere coir-es a telegraphic tinrtsaffo from 1.011'h,,,, and when Oial pnper comes to tbu ' irolilirr it is r-ei;;.:d and burnt." "lJoet- ibis often happen?" " Sometimes, sir," wat^ the reply. That evening I received a letter from a f iend in Jhusscls, wh-i required me to answer several quc.-.lious by electric telegraph. 1 proceeded :o the office, and was furid- died with a p iper, which 1 filled up thus:— Number One: Frazor's Magtutmc, October, ono thousand rijolt hundred and lifty-twn.— Number Two : One thousand eight hundred ami fo:'iy-ci::!i'.. — Number Three : Let it st.Mid as written. — Number l our : Send no money till yoa hoar from me. ? Having paid pome two pounds ten shillings t the counter, for those messages, and having been furnished with a receipt, I returned to my hotel, anil subsequently went to the opera. At kboiit nine o'clock on the following mom. ing, whil.it dressing, I heard a knock at my door and called out: " Come in !" A person in semi- military uniform entered my apartment, and, looking at a paper in Mb band, prottonnccd something like my nnnie. I bowed ; i was immediately presented with an invitation to attend a certain office—oti I'lliec conemed with the policc department— at the hour of two a.m. " What on earth have I done r" I began to ot.k myself; and forthwith summoned my commissioner, who pulled his moustache, and quietly suggested: "Perhapsit is nothing;" adding, by way of consoling tile, " Knglish gentlemen who come to Rlay here are mostly sent for and asked their business." At tho honr of two precieoljr, I was at tho pl.iee appointed, conducted thither by the eotsiir.jetiiuicr; who, having other buRlneiB to Mll-iitl it,, left top hj a leng ft;i<J qloomy pas, MX?, wJwit (pat «:d ftteut Haomww* f an hoar. Ti» wettbet«« tUtteAv v t. ?* - »«i when tbe ladiridud wha had 1 setnod h a l f f t me o with the summons came out at a door, and beckoned mo to approach Mm, I oHyod tho movement of lii* linger, and was shown Into a room where *»t an offloisl »t a desk, wilting. X made o bow oo eoterlng the rvom j but, of this no sort of notleo wis takon. As I was not asked to take * «tuir, and as I newt could st*nd still for ony ^reat length of lima, eftcr a few minutes Ikegaa t» oralk up and down th* room slowly, and slmost noiselessly. Thi* appeared to »rmoy tho offloUl, who still kept oo writing } ho frownod awfully, md ontsocn twice uttered something iiko Donnorwctfc* I I know eKaoUjr how long I was kept wailing in tho official's toon, beowso I cuaeulted my watch •ovsraltiiue*. I was thero eighteen minutes beforo my atteultoti mat called,to the bueluoH en hand. " T*ur name ia foiklos P •( lengtk grae4ed my sara. "Tea," I replied. "fell 1—Wkut do no «*ne twre ftr I To Via una, I moan** "To ae* tho city, and wbrtk oocUkie," "Bah 1 ~ Till* rather Kartted me, A lood mom on*»*4. "Ttiln u ruttr puiipoctC* mnmed 8 the Qfllelal, holding up tho dowimMit buforo ««, "Tea." "Where ia roox *err«i» mentioned im this i»*»port I Ho 1* not at ibo hotel." "No, ho Unot. I was informed at the frontier at liadenbagh that as his namo wa* not written In tlio passport, he could not enter Austria. I lind, Ihoreforo, to «nd him back to hit own aouutry, Ualgl«m, at great luoonrenicnee, and some pecuniary loss." "Why do you enrreapMid in cijdtct r "I do not, that I am aware of." What! Then you tell mo what is fkW i n t Indignant on hearing this; but I contrived to stiilo my wrath, and remarked calmly, " What I hare ssisrtod is tho trtMb. I do not correepand in oipliec, " But I bav« tlio proof." "Then produco It," My jtalegraphlo dcapatoh ot Ux pteviotM evening waa oxhifitod. " There I" exclaimed th* official trlnmnhautly. •• There f Yes ! Forty-eight I l'orty-«lght! I sa. So will you mo 1 Wlisi buaitiMw ha* an finglliktnan with Forty-eight 1" I began to inform tlio ofll*Ul that they were rapliefi to certain quoatlona ferwar4od te m* by a literary friend in llrusaela. I t»ld him that the fits! question concerticd the dato In whicu a certain article .had appeared In an linglish periodical—an mrtlcl* to which my friend dctlied lo mr.ke Imiatdiato »{«• e»*o ; that th* aeoond question referred tto tho year in which * new edition, of a certain work had b*eu publi«bed; that the third quostlen was about avnteuce that my friend w iahod to alter In a work of mine, tho proof sheet* of ttV.'.cV, ho vr*» tl»n cnrrocUng ; and the fourth queitlon wa* almply this— Should h», ray friend, remft ine from Ilruisela or from 1/ondon (to which last mentioned plaeo ha vaa about to proceed,) • sum of money I had left in hie hand*. I felt that I might havo afar«d myself the troublo oruiaklng this explanation | f*r, tho oflltiul did not listen to o»o word of it. lie had made up his mind lit at I had coma lo Vienna aa the agent ol all the exiles in England, and that I was, thercforo, a dangecou* character in tho Austrian capital. You are thee * literary man r* " Yes." "I thought so. Well, I mart cco yrur papoie." " I trust I may bo rpared the Indignity of having my papers saarohed." '•Indignity! What Indignity 1 Many correspondents of CtigUeh Journals havo had their piijiem searched in Vienna. Where do you prefer tho scorch to tsko placo > At t3lo hotel—or liet* I In my own aporUncnts," I replied. " Very well. I will send a person with you. You will meet tboro another poison who will oxatnins your pspers and mako tho report to mo " 1 was then given to wider- ' stand that I waa not lu custody, though an agent of the police would " wait upon" toe pending further inquiries. The agent of tho pollco who aooooipnnled me to tho hotel was tnoro tlvil than his superior | though ho, too, must have been satisfied that my intentions towards tho Austrian Government wero far from honourable; for lie gave me distinctly to understand that, if it hud not been forthoallianoo between Acstria and Ungland by virtue of the treaty of tho second of December, the oourtear (!) which hud been rtiown I* mc, wculd have been withheld. On arriving et tho door of my apartment,I found ft opcu, and two soldiers seated on my sofa. They wero in possession of my baggugo. I produced sny keys, and banded them to the e olScor who ocoompauicd mo. lie first opaned my dealt. The Inipcctlon of the paper* it contained would have afforded me considerable amusoaaeat under any other «lreuinstan«06 i but u U was, I fell Dot a littlo angry. The first letter that ho looked at and examined was a lottor from a law Indian Iirigadler-Geactal, the last epUtU he «vsn pe». lied. It wa* dated Ilaoutiiggcr, and posted just before the fatal charge U wbUh he f*U Over tha superscription of till* Utter were tevcr&l; words to Persian ebaractcr, signifying that "tlvo postage had not been paid in camp, and waa pay&blo; on delivery " There were also on tho superscription a fow words in jBcn(allcc, written by the Baboo In the Moerut Post-office. These words signified my name and address, and were Intended as a guide to tho native postman, who could not read English. This letter waa put aside. The next document into which the offitrr peered was a letter from my mother, and related entirely to family tfalrs. I now became acquainted with the fact, that the officer was able to read our ionguago ; for, after be had got through tho first pago, he remurked, "this is nothing,*' and handed mu the letter. A Grand Lodge manuscript ccrliilrulu now caught his eye, and he opened it out. Uo was not a freemason, and had novor eeeu a plcco of parchmcnt of tlie lik* character. 11a asktfd me what It was ; I told him, Nevertheless, ho put It ailde with the BritaJicr'a letter. Tim fourth document that cunio to hi* hand was a letter from a German gentleman, huldlng tm office in tho Prussian Embassy In London. In that lulter he had fscetionaly alluded to my intended visit to Vienna, and rcconnncndcd me to take care thai xl.ny did not lock me up. Ho sooner did I see tho officer take that epistl* in his band, than I felt it was all over with mo, and I dura say I turned pal*. Albeit, I laughed heartily, for tha whole sfTair struck mo ** something comical. My laughter, however, was eoou changed to gravity, when I beheld tha officer put back tbc papers Into my desk—lock it— •nd hand it to one of the eoldlcin, and request uio to " come along." It was now nearly five o'eloek, ood I suggested that I should like to dine. Thi* favour, however, was not aceordcd. My levity had disgusted the authority charged with the inspection of my papers. He wns now convinced that I was not only an intriguer, hut areeklcca intriguer 1 had not called on tho English Ambassador, because hit Lordship was aerlously ill when! arrived in Vienna; and hia so* wa* absent in England. To no other tnetnkote of the Corps Diplomatlqu* was I personally known. I made up my mind not to trouble any of theeo gentlemen; and resolved to undergo Imprisonment patiently until the return of ihe ambassador* son (which was daily expected) or his lordships restoration to health. I had read, •! coura*, in the Sngllah papers of the treatment experienced in I8S2 by the corroepontjent of ^ in*r«inf journal; J wts quite prcf rt'!! It etiflbr nn Infinity of b»rd. siiipfi F'ifn m iicrtlos; fetoM^lseptiig tttlMnttmoi—and birring my test disturbed by the shriek* of prisoner* undergoing tho dreadful punishment of Spiessruthealaufen. ParhafM a deeorlptloti of thi* punishment ro»y interest, aa well »a disgust, ti,o gene al reader. An avenue of soldicra ia formed. Each soldier holds in his liand a 60rt of k»o«t—peculiar to Austria I believe. The knout ia formed of threa leather f traps, attached to a wooden handle. At the end of eaeh strap is s ballet pierced with two spikes •roKtvays. Tho prisoner passes through the nvcooe, and oooh soldier gives him a blow. The length of tho avenue, and the number of time* tlie prisoner has to paaa through it, is d*tcrtnlo«l by tho character of the offencc which bw been committed. Sometime?, death apotdlly follows the infliction of tlie Splewruibcu-laufea. Sumo few yeais ago, several Austrian soldltrs in Iko garrison at Mayeneo gavo uy the ghost during this diabolical cjscritkm. Injustice to thoAuatrian authorities I am bound to admit, that I had. in priaon, an appartment to myself) an appartment in which thcra was a bed—a hard bod to be sure, but a compart lively clean bed. I wua also pcr- 0 1 mJT own cost, whutrver food I tbooghtjproper to «-dcr,jsnd » bottle of I neokmclr from iho hotel. Nor was I aubjceted to the slightest Inconvenience in resport to my toilet. This kindness that wa« 1 abown to momoat have been this conscquenco of tho reeont "«llian*e l" for even my attendont or keoper, more than oncn alluded te th* treaty of the sooond of December. I bad oft my sard with tho commissioner of tho hotel, aud had requested him to pretout it to Iho Ron ef tlie linglish ambassador on his return from England ; and inform him of tho plaoowhcro I iliould always be found "at heme," whenever he might call upon mo. Moan while I reconciled myself lo my temporary loss of liberty, thanking my stars that I had withstood the Importunity of my alstcr, who would accompany me t» Vienna. What would have been her feel- Ings, «n seeing mo taken away from tho hotel, it would. Indeed, bo difficult to describe. Conwlous that I had been guilty of no offence, and that I had nothing to fear; and perfectly satisBU that I should soon be sot free, I pesaod my second day in prison in cxeeUcttt spirits. To tell the real truth, I regarded my wronrs as a were adventure; of which tho raniinteomoe, in after life, would bo, at all onmta, amtu.ing. On tha tliird morning of my Incarceration, I naked my attondwt, in » ligkt-hcarted tooo, how long he was likely to have the can ot rati Thfeman, who (I have tho vanity to beliere) had grown to like me, re pll*d, confidentially, that it would bo difficult tn say; but that ho knew my passport had tK-eci forwarded to the Austrian minister at Bnieeela (It was at Drussels that I obteinad niy passfcrt), with a request that enqulry should bo made respeeting mo and the person to whom my telsgraphio message wa» addreeecd. Ho furtlior Informed mo that terorsl ol my lottem and papers had been sent to Draneli for tho purpose of aiding tho Austrian officials in finding out who I m T ° 8 b j c t l i n c o l n i n It was eleven o'clock. I had finished rev breakfaat, had lighted a dgsr, and thrown mjwlfupoo my bed, to smoko and think, wken suddenly tho door of my room (it woald bo Incorrect to describolt ss a kill was opened, and In walked tho official whom I had »on at tho bureau, and who had boh,*®d so rudely to mo. As soon as I recognised him, and obaorvod hit countenance, I WM satiaflod he had discovatad his mistake; rising from my bad, I made hiin a very low bow, and requested lilm, in tho politest manner imegUable, to bo seated. (By the way, thorn was only one chair in tho room.) Ha was a (ood deal embarrassed. I could e« that ha felt tho contrast between my conduct towards him, and his towards me, in point of rooclrbif one another. It would "J™ Gratified him—at least my experience of human naturo teaches ino to think so— na« I b*«G guilty of any vehement demonitratknT. Rudeness, attliat moment, would have delighted him, while civility galled him to Ik* qnlrk, and mado him ashamed of himself) and before he had time to pour forth tlie excuacs and opologioa with which he waa, Uu-rolly pregnant, I befsn to expatiate on tbfl excellence of th* prison arrangoments In Austria, and thanked hi in for tho consideration I bad received duriug my stay In inj apartment "Horr Jenkins," my vliitor sold, " I have rnsdo^n grand mistake. I have been bung, ling. Hers I conceived I might Indulge in a Jittle alien! satire—and simply bowed assent amjbng blandly Ike while. Thero was my snuff, box on tbe table. My visitor took it up, and requested my permission to take a pinch. My animositv, whatever amount thereof lurked within my breast was speedly dissipated. • h ! It is not in words thot these foreign diplomatists over. ren*b us. It is by the delicacy, the tact, and tho pmitinwe of their manners, when tliev think proper lo display them, that Oic'y achieve with Englishmen such immense end*. " You will forgive ray stupidity ? It is proverbial that tho English are as generoua as they ore brave." ** toe, I will fotgWo joti," I replied. " But on ono condition." Which ie r That you never visit England." Why that condition ?" " I will aauss you to be recrived by tho English draymen, and yon may have heard how rccklcGS a race they ore." I said this jocularly. He lifted his hands aloft and laughed loudly. General Haynnu was evidently no favcurito of bis; or «Uo (which was intst probable) ho indulged merriment to conceal his rvsl sentiments. It is needless to enter inln tho particulars which Sod to my restoration to freedom. Sine* my "hard caeo," there has Icon a »so cvwi harder ottll. Tlio clergyman attached to llio British Boibusy was apprehended and Imprisoned The "suspieious •SrcumilaMM" tliat led to kia incarceratitm wero, that he had upon hit person "an extraordinary coin" (Uritish sovereign) ; cuoUl not aaake Idmsolf understood ; mid had wandered some mile* from Vienna witboat t passport I Ixt as hojw that the House of llajisburg will ccuieQ to fear thatasolitary Euglishuoa n»y upeot tlio thro* p. 