THE SYDNEY MONTHLY OVERLAND MAIL. By the Simla. THE NEWTOWN EJECTMENT CASE. ON THE SUPREME COURT OP NEW SOUTH WAtES. DOE ON THE SEVERAL DEMISES OF EDWARD DEVINE AND JOHN DEVINE VERSUS FELIX WILSON, JOHN BLACK- MAN, RALPH MAYER ROBEY, JOHN DoNonor,, JOHN WALKER, MART HINDMARSH, KKZIA IREDALE, ? VILLIAM INKES, KALPn MANSFIELD, GEOROE WHITE, '»VILLIAM MACPHERSON, JOHN M'GARVIE, JAMES HOIT, JANE MALCOLM, JOSEPH SLY, JAMES LENDON, JEREMIAH EVANS, HENRY KNIOHT, SAMUEL WALTERS,' ROBERT HENDERSON, ROBERT JOHNSON, WILLIAM THURLOW, CAMPBELL LEVERTON MACDONALD, CHARLESI SUMER. HAND, WILLIAM A'BECKETT, GEOROE DENT, JOSHUA ¡FRET JOSEPIISON, MOSES JosEpn, EDWARD DRUITT AND WILLUM BUCKNELL. , THE trial of this cause, before Mr. Justice Dickinson and a special jury of twelve (hereafter named), con- cluded on Saturday, 19th September, having occupied thirty days. The litigation in this suit has already lasted nearly ?nine years. There have now been two tri-.Is of the issue by special juries and, intermediately, a new trial motion and an appeal to the Privy Council, besides very many interlocutory applications and proceedings. There will, it is understood, be another new tainl motion, and probably another appeal to London, ere -the case is Anally settled. At present the defendants are the successful parties. During this interval, many of the properties hold by the defendants on the record, have passed into other hands ; one of the lady defendants (Mrs. Ire- dale) has changed her name, and another defendant (Mr. Dent) has compromised. The record, however, remains the same. The"deelaration was filed on the 3rd of October, 1848, and was in the supremely ab- surd old form uied in those days, conveying no real in- formation as the lands actually claimed. Although John Doe and Richard .Roe have long since been got rid of, with some of the equally obscure and useless -technicalities of.British law, the ghost of the aforesaid John is still seen as the plaintiff in this action. The land Bought to be recovered was described in the filed particulars as " 210 acres of land, more or less, lying and situate at New Town, in the parish of Peter- sham, in the county of Cumberland, in the colony of New South Wales, bounded on the east by a line bear- ing southerly (commencing at a point on the southside of a broad road), two hundred feet wide, distant about three chains southerly from the north-west corner of a grant of fifty-seven acres to James Chisholm, and from the south-west corner of a grant of fifty-two acres to William Hutchinson, dividing tike land described from Chisholrn'8 said fifty-seven acre grant, and a thirty acre grant to John King on the south east by a line bearing south-westerly, dividing it from the Waterloo Estate (Hutchinson's original grant of one thousand four hun- dred acres), to a grant of thirty acres to S. Bart, on the south, by a line bearing westerly, dividing it from Burt's thirty acre grant to the Newtown and Cook.'s River Road, on the west by the Newtown and Cook s River Road, dividing it from Field's, Condell's, and Jenkins' grants, and extending along the same to a point opposite the north-east corner of W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid ; then again on the south by a road -dividing the land described from said W. Jenkins' grant aforesaid, then on the west by the said road dividing it from P. Page's thirty-acre grant, and ex- tending along the same to the Enmore Road, then on the north by the said Enmore Road, dividing it from Rowley's grant to the junction of the Enmore and Cook's River Road, then again on the north by tile broad road before mentioned, bearing north-easterly and extending along the same to the commencing point aforesaid." The " demise" of Edward Devine was abandoned almost at the outset, and that of John Devine alone was maintained. Ho claimed as the grand nephew of one Nicholas Divine, the original holder of this pro- perty, and one of the earliest colonists. Nicholas Divine died in May, 1830, but whether at the time of his death he was legally *' seized" of thiB property was, of course, the main question in dispute. The land was held by Nicholas Divine under two grants. One of 120 acres by Lieutenant-Governor Grose, dated the 8th of January, 1794 ; and the other, of 90 acres (adjacent to the 120 first granted) by Governor Hunter, dated 8th of October, 1799. Both these parcels of land or farms were styled " Burrin" in the grants, and this was the name which Divine fave to his farm in commemoration of the towhland of urrin, in the county of Cavan, Ireland, from whence he came. It may be remarked here that although of the same family the ancestor spelled his name Divine, and the present claimant Devine. The distinction is not very material, but it has been of course preserved here. The defendants all claimed under Nicholas Divine also. Their case was that he had, during his lifetime -on the 22nd of October, 1827-conveyed the whole of the lands comprised within these two grants to one Bernard Rochford, by indentures of leaBe and release. The consideration stated in these instruments was faithful services by Rochford to Divine, divers sums of money expended by the former on account of the latter, and a sum of £350 paid by Rochford on the ex- ecution of the conveyance. These deeds bore or pur- ported to bear the signature of Divine himself, as well as of. Rochford, and of " Patk. Francis Egan, Hugh Murray, and Thomas Maher alias Dunn," as attesting witnesses. The prDperty had come into the possession of the present defendants in various ways, and for valuable consideration, but the only question in this case was whether or not the title of Rochford, through whom they claimed, was sustainable. In its present highly improved state the property was worth an enormous sum. Its value had been estimated on the part of the plaintiff at £400,000, and on that of the defendants at £100,000. In all probability its value is between the two j perhaps about a quarter of a million. But at the date of this disputed conveyance to Rochford, when the colony was young and the land unimproved, its value was very small. There was no dispute as to the sufficiency of consideration in Rochford's deed, pro- vided that the deed itself was genuine. But the plaintiff's case was that this deed was TORQED. 'Thus, in fact,-forgery or no forgery-waa the real point at issue in this suit. Various documents, bearing or purporting to bear the signature of Divine, were placed in evidence to prove, by comparison of these signatures, the genuine- ness of the lease and release. On the part of the plaintiff, however (and by the plaintiff is meant, of course, not John Doe, but John Devine), the whole of these signatures were said to be forgeries. Most of them were to receipts for a pension which old Divine had, and ranged over a period of several years. Con- sequently, Rochford was charged with a long series of forgeries, committed for the purpose of securing to himself everything in the shaDe of property and money which old Divine possessed or was entitled to. During the latter years of his life Divine continued to reside under the care of Roohfcrd and his wife, and one of the points in contest was as to how they used him. This was collaterally material, as showing the probability or improbability of the transfer by Divine to Rochford, for faithful services, &o.;, and for the purpose of securing comfort in his last years. Divine »was of very great age, being, it was stated, no less than 104 when he died, in 1830. And about eight years before this he had been robbed and ill-used by bushrangers. According to the plaintiff, he never recovered from the effects of this usage, and for many years before his death was completely imbecile- prostrate in mind and helpless 'in body-incapable, therefore, both mentally and -manually, of making a transfer of his property by deed. According to the defendants, he so far reco- vered from the effects of the bushrangers' cruelty as to possess his full mental faculties, weakened somewhat .perhaps by extreme age, but still sufficiently vigorous to render him perfectly capable of disposing of his pro- perty in any way that he thought fit. Bodily, they ad . mitted, he was very infirm, but not more so than was natural to a man of his years, and by no means so ut- terly helpless as was asserted on the other side Part of the same transaction in October, 1827 re- garded on one side as proofs of bona fides, and on' the other as concocted evidence on the part of Rochford to support his great scheme of fraud-were three other . instruments, a bill of sale, for nominal consideration, .of Divine's personal property, and a lease for life and counterpart from Rochford to Divine both of the lands euCid chattels. The chattel property thus conveyed on «he one'hand, and leased on the other; was -described fa '.' fifteen cows, two .working bullock«, one bull, jone mare, one foal, one horse, three tables, eighteen chairs, beds, bedsteads and bedding, ploughs, harrow, '' hoes, axes, &c.;" The attesting witnesses to these in c struments were the same as to the lease and release. The status and means of Rochford were strongly con- tested and discussed during the trial, but there was evidence-1. That he was really the assigned servant of Divine at the time in question, although his out- ward appearance and position at the farm were not in- dicative of such a status. 2. That in those days the statutory disabilities which would prevent persons of this class from acquiring property were not rigidly enforced. The probability or improbability that Devine would, under these circumstances, denude himself of all but a life tenure of his property, real and per- sonal, for the purpose of securing care and attention in his very advanced age, were matters for argument and consideration. It may be as well to insert here another document as to which, as will be seen, there was a great deal of evidence and argument during the trial. This is the will or supposed will of Divine-declared by one of the attesting witnesses to be a forgery, and by another to be genuine. In the name of God, Amen. I, Nicholas Divine, settler, of Byrne's farm, in tho territory of Now South Wales, being of sound mind, memory and understanding, but'knowing the cer- tainty of death and the uncertainty of the time thereof, do make, constitute, publish and deolaro this to bo and contain my last Will and Testament, in manner and form following (that is to say) : That after all my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, aro fully paid and satisfied by my boloved friend and executor Bernard Rochford, who now holds a deed of gift or assignment by my act and deed which is never to bo revoked or disannulled, I will and bequoath unto Mary Anno Roohford, tho beloved wifo of Bernard Kochford, tho sum of One hundred pounds, which is lawfully duo to me by the late Goorgo Crossley, and do hereby request that tho executors or tho snld Georgo Crossley do comply with this my last will and testament, on account of her tho said Mary Anno Koohford's unremitting attention to rae; and I further direct,'nominate, ( constitute, and appoint my beloved friend Bernard llochford my solo executor to this my last will and testament, to seo the samo fully paid to his beloved wifo Mary Anne Roohford, hereby re- voking, disannulling, and making void all forraor wills by mo at any timo made, savo and except that deed of gift made and bo Îueathed to my executor and beloved friend Bernard Rochford, furthor request of my beloved friend Bernard Rochford, in the event of his surviving me, to cause me to bo interred with my dear and beloved wife in the Roman Catholio burying ground. In witnoss whereof, I havo hereunto affixed my hand and seal this eighth day of May, in tho year of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and thirty. N. DIVINE. (Seal.) Signed, scaled, and dolivored (being first duly road and explained to testator) in tho prcbcuce of (Signed) JosEni GILMOR. WM. M. ROWAN. Gilmor swore most positively that he had seen Rochford forge the signature of Divine to this document, and that he Gilmor had at Rochford's request not only drawn this will, but attached his own signature as an attesting witness beforehand, although without know- ing of the intended forgery. Rowan, on the contrary swore that the will was written by Gilmor in Divine's presence, and tim it was executed and attested in the regular manner. Mrs. Rochford gave Bimilar testi- mony. It is clear that the jury must, from this latter evidence and for their comparison of the signatures have wholly disbelieved Gilmor's story. Probato of this will was granted to Rochford on the 20th of July, 1832, the goods being swom not to ex- ceed the value of £100. The " George Crossley" here mentioned was the brother-in-law of Divine ; that is to say Crossley and Divine had married two sisters. There was no evidence as to whether or not this sum of £100 had ever been paid to Mrs. Rochford by Crossley's executors. The first trial of the cause was delayed by the necessity of a Commission to. Ireland, &c;, but it came on, at length before Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice, on Friday, the 26th of March, 1852, and lasted eight days, ter- minating at midnight on Monday, the 5th of April. On that occasion the plaintiff was represented by the then Attorney-General, Mr. Plunkett, hy Mr. Purefoy (now Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates), and by i Mr. Smyth, who has since gone to Melbourne. The defendants were represented by the then Solicitor General, Mr. Manning, by Mr. Foster, Mr. Broad- hurst, and Mr. Fisher, who have since gone to Europe, and by Mr. Darvall, Mr. Meymott, and Mr. Holroyd, who were still counsel in the cause at the time of the second trial. The jury found a verdict for the defen- dants, and, after an unsuccessful motion to upset this finding, there was an appeal to the Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council. The Supreme Court held that the two grants were prima facie void for un- certainty in the descriptions of boundary, &c;, and sustained the verdict of the jury in favour of the defendant's title. The Privy Council held that Divine's possession under thess grants and the identity of the land claimed with that granted, might be made out by collateral evidence, and that there had been evidence of this nature to go to the jury. Consequently as there had, in the opinion of the Privy Council boen a misdirection upon one point, the plaintiff had a right to a new trial. This _ misdi- rection was to the effect that, in dealing with the question of forgery or no forgery, the jury were to weigh the evidence in the same manner as if Rochford himself was on trial for that offence. The appellate tribunal held that the onus of proving the genuineness of the deed was cast upon the defendants, who relied upon it, and this question must be decided, like all other questions in civil cases, according to the actual balance of the conflicting evidence. It was for the jury, they ruled, " to weigh this evidence, to consider all the probabilities of the case, not excluding the ordinary presumption of innocence, and to determine the question according to the balance of these pro b ibihties." This judgment was pronounced on the 27th of November, 1855; but no further steps appeared to have been taken to procure the second trial thus awarded until early in» the present year. The judgment of the Privy Council having been duly recorded i» the Court, and a new trial ordered in obedience to it, there were motions on either side having reference to the conduct of this second trial. On the part of the plaintiff a change of venue from Sydney to one of the circuit towns was moved for, upon the ground that there were so many per- sons in Sydney interested, direotly or indirectly, in the issue of this suit as to render it ex- ceedingly difficult to procure a jury whose impar- tiality could bo throughly relied upon. But it was shown that the number of special jurors in such circuit was so limited as to render the procurement of a jury almost impossible if this course was taken ; while the number of special jurors _ on the Sydney panel was so great as to render it a libel on common honesty to suppose that a thorougMlv im- partial jury could not be easily obtained. Under these circumstances the Judges refused to change the vernie, but in order that every precaution might be taken to secure a jury whose impartiality would be quite beyond question, a special order was made ex gratia as to the mode of " striking" or selecting the jury to be pursued in this case. In the first instance the Sheriff was to make out a list of 96 special jurors, taking the names as they came, alphabetically, on the roll. From this list the parties were each to strike out twenty-four, thus reducing the pannel to forty-eight the number ordinarily summoned. And from this re- duced pannel the usual twenty-four names should be taken, at the/ trial, as the jurors answered,-to be again reduced to twelve, in the ordinary mode, i.e., by each party striking out six names. The next application to the Court was made on the part of the defendants, and was for the reception of the Chief Justice'« notes at the first trial, as evidence of what had been then said by witnesses who had since died. This ap- plication was unsuccessful, their Honors deciding that evidence of this character must be brought before the Court by the testimony of persons who had heard the deceased witnesses examined, and who could be subjected to cross-examination as to the accuracy of their recollection or of the notes which they had taken. A third application also on the part of the defendants, was one for the trial of the case "at bar," i.e., before the three judges. This was, likewise, unsuccessful. At length, on Monday, the 17th of August, this second trial was commenced before Mr. Justice DICKINSON and the following jury : Arthur Hodgson (foreman) John Flavcllo David Hughes William Hay John Forrester John Goold William Farmer Thomas Dawson John Fletcher Charles Frith Henry Ferris Thomas Hayes. The counsel at this second trial were For the plaintiff, Mr. PLUNKETT, Q.O., Mr. BLAKE, Mr. ISAACS, Mr. BUTLER, and Mr. DALLEY. For the defendants, Mr. DAHVALL, Q.C., Mr. WISE, Mr. MEYMOTT, Mr. HOLROYD, and Mr. MARTIN. The attorney for the plaintiff was Mr. JAMES GREER, the attorneys for the defendants were Messrs. JOHN- SON and JOHNSON. When the trial was first commenced, Mr. Darvall was Attorney-General, and Mr. Wise, Solicitor General. By the time it was half over, there had been a change of Ministry, and Mr. Martin had taken the Attorney-Generalship, while the post of Solicitor General had been conferred upon a gentleman not retained in the cause (Mr. Lutwyche). But although Mr. Martin thus acquired a leading position during the progress of the trial, the actual leadership was left, by professional etiquette with Mr. Darvall, and the [ new 'Attorney-General,- with great good taste, most completely recognised this leadership. As was re I marked during the progress of the trial, there have been ¡ three Attorneys-General and two Solictors-General of the colony engaged -in this case during its various stages. . Taking into consideration all its circumstances- the magnitude of the interests involved, the great length of the trial itself and the nature of the questions at issue, this was probably the most extraordinary case ever committed to the charge of a British judge and jury, and it is admitted on all hands that both judge and jury have done their duty most ably and faith- fully. In all the courts at Westminster no judge could have been found more competent to deal with such a case than Mr. Justice Dickinson, and well has he, on this occasion, sustained his high reputation. Every piece of evidence was most patiently and carefully received and recorded ; every interlocutory question was dealt with, promptly and ably, as it arose, and to the firmness and decision of the Judge alone is to be attributed the perfect order that was maintained throughout. The Court was crowded to excess every day, and chiefly, it would seem, by friends or partisans of the claimant, for there were on several occasions attempted expressions of ap- plause or other emotion as any peculiar remark was made, or any piece of evidence given, which seemed to be of a " telling " or startling character. But every such attempt was checked on the instant by his Honor, with a threat not only that the Court should be cleaied if its order was thus outraged, but that the offenders, or some of them at all events, should be sent to gaol. As . to the jury, they gave to this case throughout the whole of the protracted trial a degree of attention which was altogether without parallel in the annals of our Courts. They well deserve, as was said towards the close of the case that their names should be ever remembered. That the case was, from first to last, conducted and watched with the greatest zeal and attention by all the professional gentlemen engaged in it need scarcely be added. At the outset of the oase a question now arose as to whether at this stage of the trial the evidence to be subsequently given should be marshalled ; that is to say whether the Judge should express an opinion in the first instance as to the order in which tho various proofs and counter proofs should be received instead of waiting, as is ordi- narily the case, until the tender of evidence, to de- cide upon its reception. The defendants' counsel sought that this should be done as the most convenient coursp for all parties, but the counsel for tho plaintiff resisted it, contending that it was for each party to conduct his case as he thought best, and that their cases would not dovetail into each other. The course proposed was this. Assuming that the plaintiff proved his heirship and the title of his ancestor, tho other side might then sufficiently meet this prima facia case by showing that the ancestor had executed a convoy anco to some person through whom they claimed. If this conveyance was impeached either as a forgery, or upon the ground that old Divine was imbecile when he made it, they (the plaintiff's counsel) might then give evidence for this purpose, and the defendants need not bring their evidence to prove the genuineness of the deed or the sanity of the gtantor until after such impeachment. The plaintiff's counsel contended that under the judgment of the Privy Council the ont« was cast upon the defendants of proving that the convey- ance through which they claimed was a good and valid deed in omnibus, and consequently that they ought to prove their entire case at once in rebuttal of tho plaintiff's proof of seizin and heirship, leaving the deed to be impeached by evidence in reply. After a good deal of discussion, and the citation of several authorities, his Honor in- timated his opinion in favour of the course of proof thus suggested. The defendants' counsel to address the jury after the close of the evidence, and the plain- tiff's counsel to havo a general reply upon the whole case. It was chiefly upon the authority of a case in 4 Term Reports (p. 497) that the learned Judge'.de- cided to indicate his opinion beforehand, instead of waiting, as is customary, until the question as to.the reception of any particular piece of evidence was formally raised by its being actually tendered. The plaintiff's first case-proof of the claimant's pedigree and the possession m fee of his ancestor at the time the latter died-occupied eight days. The nature of the questions arising on the evidence of heirship are sufficiently indicated in the precis, whioh we have attached, of Mr. Justice Dickinson's charge. As to the possession of Divine there was really n0 question, although this part of the case like every other was made the subject of a great deal of evidence and argument. Substantially, it was admitted in the end, that the lands whioh tho defendants occupied among them, were those occupied by Divine, but there was a, dispute as to the Southern line_ of the broad road or "drift road," as it was occasionally called, 200 feet in width which formed the northernio^jt boundary of the property. This broad road has at pre- sent no real existence, but there is a rond about 33 feet in width on part of the land, originally laid out for it. Part of the property occupied by some of the defen- dants was, consequently, inclusive of the land origi- nally set apart for tho broad road, and outside of the grant to Divine. The question was how much of it ? And as several of the détendants' dwelling-houses and gardens were on this side, the question of boundary became one of great possible importance. The respec- tive surveyors made a difference of thirty feet in the position of the disputed boundary line. A further difference, created by the variation of the compass during the lapse of time, was insisted upon by the defendants' surveyor. The houses on this side of the property, were those of Sir William A'Beckett. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Blackman, Mrs. Blackman, Mr. Buckncll, Mr. Donohoe, and Mr. Robey. Even according to the plaintiffs' Surveyor, all these houses would be on patt of the rood rather than on the land granted to Divine, except that of Mr. Robey, which was wholly on the land thus granted, but according to the surveys made on behalf of the defendants (and made also by the same surveyor, long before the commencement of these proceedings), only a part of Mr. Robey's house would bo out by the boundary line, which would pass con- siderably" outside most of the others. There was a further difference of opinion as to quantity of land claimed by the plaintiff according to his plans and particulars, as filed in this case. According to the plaintiffs' surveyor, this was really but about 180 acres ; while on the other side, it was stated, that assuming the filed plan to be drawn upon a correct scale [as was sworn], it would include 246 acres. The boundaries as described by a witness named Davis would include much more land than was claimed by the particulars and plan filed... This witness was one examined on the part of the plaintiff, and swore that he" had gone round the boundaries with a Government surveyor named Meehan, when the latter marked them out. The lines then said to have been run were pointed out by Davis to the jury. The plaintiff's prima facie ease having been closed, the defendants set up the conveyance to Rochford. This occupied but one day. The plaintiff's counsel then proceeded with their main case going into a mass of evidence to sustain a conclusion that the convey- ance to Rochford must have been forged by the latter. A great many witnesses were examined to shew that after the year 1822, when old Divine was severely beaten by bushrangers, ho became, gradually but rapidly, so imbecile, both in mind and body, that it was physically impossible he could have executed that conveyance in 1827. The strongest evidence of this character was that of men who had been convict ser- vants to Divine, and_ there were a few other witnesses who spoke from their observation of him at various times. There was some discrepancies in this evidence, but upon the whole, it was strong and distinct, making out as it stood by itself an apparently clear case. This branch of the trial took up six days and a half. The defendants' main case was then gone into, and con- sisted chiefly of evidence to rebut the presumption of imbecility sought to be raised on the other side. Among other evidence adduced for this purpose was that of several gentlemen who had held communica- tion with Divine upon various matters at the very time he was said to have been thus imbecile. The effect of this evidence was to prove that although very old and feeble, he was perfectly rational. Some of this evidence (and particularly the testimony of a lady who had communicated with Divine about a purchase of land) went to shew a direct recognition of Roch- ford's title in fee during Divine's lifetime. There was a great deal of other conflicting evidence on both sides in reference to Rochford's title, and to the genuineness of the various doouments which had been placed in evidence on either side. Of the many interlocutory points which were raised and discussed, there was but one which need be noticed here. It was proposed during the pro- gress of the trial to call evidence for'the comparison of the various signatures, and as this was the first time since the passing of the new Act which ren- dered such evidence permissible,' questions arose in reference to the mode in which this comparison was to be made, or rather as to the standard which was to be set up for the purpose of such comparison. It was the 15th clause of the Common Law Procedure Act which legalised the admission of this kind of evidence. According-.to the terms of the section, writings which were in dispute might be compared by skilled wit- nesses with others which were proved to' be genuine to' I the satisfaction of the Judge., Tho first question was, the principle which should guide his Honor in adju- dicating as to which, documents had, " to his satisfac- tion, been proved to be genuine." In other words, how he was to satisfy himself. It was contended on one hand, by defendants' counsel, that this was an in- terlocutory issue which, for the purpose of sotting up a standard of comparison, must be decided by the Judge upon the same kind of evidence as would guide the decision of the jury. That is to say, that he might look at all the documents which had been placed in evidence, and satisfy himself as to which of them was genuine, making these the standard of comparison, but leaving the final decision o( the whole question, and as to all the signatures, in the hands of the jury.1 On the other hand, it was contended that according to the terms the Act, no documents could be used for the purposes of comparison with such as were in dispute, unless their authenticity had been established beyond all question. This was the meaning, it was argued of the peculiar terms-hero used-that the documents to be used for the purpose of comparison with such as were in dispute, must be "proved to be genuine" to the Judge s satisfaction. For the Judge to decide as to the authenticity of any documents which were at all disputed would, especially in a case of this sort, where the issue was one of forgery or no forgery, be to encroach upon the province of the jury. After a lengthened argument on both sides the de- fendants' counsel abandoned their alaims because the plaintiffs' counsel claimed, and his HONOR conceded to them, a right to go into a discussion of all the evidence as to imbecility, &c;, by way of shewing that certain signatures purporting to be those of Divine, although sworn to in the ordinary way, and not substantially impeached by the evidence of any witness, could not really be his. The defendants' counsel had claimed upon this ground to use certain of the receipts which had not been pronounced -to be " imitations" or " for- geries," although they purported to be written at dates when, according to plaintiffs' case, Divine was in- capable of writing. They abandoned this claim, they stated, to save the necessity of an interlocutory dis- cussion upon the merits of the case. The only docu- ments, therefore, whioh were placed in the hands of the scientific witnesses as standards for comparison with those in dispute were a petition to Governor Macquarie, in 1812, and a letter to Peyton Johnson, of 1818\. Substantially, however, this same question arose again during the cross-examination of a subsequent witness. The cross- examining counsel claimed to test his skill and credit by questioning him upon the hand- writing on the receipts, &c.; After hearing argument his HONOR ruled that this could not be done. If these documents were used for the purposes of comparison it would be directly in the teeth of the statute, and if for the purpose of testing his credit, their effect could only be to show the jury by these documents that the witness was wrong in his conclusions as to those Which were substantially in dispute. For the latter purpose they could not be used until after they had been proved to bo genuine ; and after such proof the witnesses might be recalled in order to compare with the documents already spoken to and cross-examined upon such comparison. Without going into any further detail of the evi- dence in this extraordinary case (our condensed report of which occupied nearly thirty columns of close printing,) we now procped to give a precis of the Judge's charge, in which all the leading questions at issue will be found. In the first instanco his HONOR handed to the jury two sets of paper*, whioh he hod oaused to be prepared for their use. One set contained a list of tho defendants in this suit. There were so many of them that it was almost impossi- ble for tho gentlemen of tho jury to keep these names in their minds, but it was now necessary that they should do so, in order that, as they considered the effect of the evi- dence as to possession, they should apply it to tho case of each individual defendant. If their verdict should be for the plaintiff, it was competent for thom to make their finding dis- tributive^ : that is to say, to deolaro how much of each defendant's property was within the lociisin quo. The other sot of papers were abstracts of tho pedigrco of whioh they had heard so much, and which thcy.must hold to havo bean mado out by the plaintiff ero they could como to a consideration of tho other points of tho case. (The folio ffing is a copy of this abstract :-) Patrlck Devine married Amie Ellis, and had children 1\. NICHOLAS. Edward (Old Ned) Patrick. married {o , Margaret Cassidy, and. had children Patrick Edward. Nioholas. married to . Ellen Reilly, ' - 3 and had children .Jons DEVINE and others. ' . * >", '" ?*! *--'*?. He had placed marks, they would seo, at the names of Nicholas , Divine, the person who was said to have died seized of the dis puteoVpropcrty, and of John Devino, the person who olatmed this property as heir-at-law. It was for the latter to mako out to the satisfaction of tho jury that ho was tho legitímate grand-nephew of the former, john Devino was substantially the plaintif! in this action of ejectment, which was brought for tho recovery of certain houses, premises, nnd lands snid to bo in tho occupation or possession of the defendant«. If he had made out his hcirsltip, and the fact of his ancestor having died seized of tho property, he would be undoubtedly entitled to its possession. Tho fact of the defendants having built houses and planted gardens upon this land would not affect Hie question. The right to possess this land would carry with it the right to possess all which was attached to it-a right of possessing all that was upon its surfaco up to the skies, and of all that was beneath that surface down to the centro of the earth, oxcopt such minerals as were lcservcd by the Crown. The defendants, on tho other hand wore in possession ; and possession was in common parlance " nino points of the law." Tho meaning of that phraso was simply this : that tho moro faqt of possession gave a good title until a better one could bo shown. Tho plaintiff in ejectment, then, must recover upon the strength of his own title, and not upon any weakness in that of the defendants. Assuming, that the facts of Nicholas Divine having died seized in fee, and of John Devine being his heir-at-Hw, wero established, the defend- ants next fell back upon the tltlo of Bernard Roohford. They said, virtually, to the plaintiff, '* truo it is that Nicholas Divine was possessed at one time of this property, and it may be equally true that you oro lils heir-at-law ; but na far as this property is con- cerned, there is nothing left for you to bo heir to, inasmuch as Divine in his life time executed a conveyance to one Bernard Roohford." The first question for their consideration and decision on this part of the case would bo: Did Nicholas Divino, during bis lifetime, in fact, oxoouto this conveyance to Rochford ; and If ho did so was it executed by him of his own freewill, and at a time when he was so fur in possession of his faculties as to know what ho was nbout 1 If Divine had executed such a conveyance of his own freewill, and ata time when ho po-sesscd a "disposing power" in reference to bia property, there was an end of the case. But the plaintiff sot up two answers to this conveyance. First they said " If Nicholas Divine over signed these documents it must have boen at a timo when lus miad was not capable ol appreciating the consequence of his act"-that is to sty, at a time when he did not possess what the law called n disposing powen It was clear law that if a man executed any deed or Instrument at a time when he was not so far in possession of his mental faculties as to hive u disposing power, such deed, or instrument was void. It was so even in tho case of deeds, executed while tho families wero de- ranged by intoxication, nnd the principle was, of course, the same In oases where the disposing power was suspended or destroyed hy disease- insanity, or mental imbecility of any kind. The de fendantsnextwont on to say, however, that the whole tiansaction, from beginning to end, was one of fraud and forgery. They averred that the signatures to tho lease and release, purporting to bo those of Nicholas Divine, were not his signatures at all, but mero forgeries by Rochford. And they said, also, that the other signatures upon these instrument«, purporting to bo the signa- tures of attesting witnesses, wero likewise forgeries ; or, at all ovents, that somo of them wei o so. Tins, in fact, was tho real contest in the case. If the jury should bo Bitisflcd that these were forgeries, there would bo, of course, an end of the cone. The deeds would not then bo the act of Nicholas Divine, but the act of the forger. The first question, then, to be determined was, whether or not the claimant hero, John Devine, was the heir-at-law of Nlcho 'las. The learned Judge now proceeded to go through bis notes 'of the evidence, marshalllhg or classifying tho testimony as ho 'Went on: that is to say, laying clearly and distinctly beforo the jury the several points in tho case, in tho samo order as they must 'be considered and determined by those gentlemen, and pointing (out tho various pieces of evidence on one side or on the other ¡which applied to each point. It will bo sufficient to notice hare his interlocutory expressions of opinion as to thoso leading principles whioh should guide the jury in their consideration of the evidence. The first question to which the learned Judge thus directed the attention of the jury was that of heirship, and in re- ference to this he pointed out that they would have to find,-1. That the Patrick Devine first named in the pedigree had been married to Amie Ellis, and that Nicholas and Edward were the legitimate sons of this couple. 2. That Nicholas died without lawful issue. 3. That Edward Devine, or "old Ned," was the next eldest brother of Nicholas. 4. That this Edward Devine was married to Margaret Cassidy, and had issue by that marriage. 5\. That Patrick Devme was the eldest born by that marriage. 6. That he married Ellen Reilly, and had issue by that marriage. 7. that John Devine, the present plaintiff, was the eldest son of this couple. 8 That the father and grandfather of John Devine had died before the commencement of the suit. The principal evidence as to pedigree consisted of hearsay testimony from various mem- bers of the family. It was for the jury to say what this testimony proved; but it was admitted as good legal ovidenco upon the plain principle, both of law and common sense, that when members of tho «arno family met together they naturally spoko of family affairs, and if any of them made a mistake in the course of these discus- sions other members of the fomily then present would naturally set them right. It was deslrablo thus to perpetuate evidence as to pedlgreo, to guard against the impossibility of proof which would frequently be found, owing to the death of the witnesses, Whenever questions of legitimacy and descent arose; but to mako this hearsay evidenco receivable the statements or conversations must havo been made or held at a time When thero wero no motives of self-interest to influence or colour what they said, and provided that the persons who had made the statements relied upon were aotually dead, so that they could not bo placed in tho box and examined on oath. As to the marriage of the eldest Patrick Devine and Amio Ellis, thero was the evidence of various witnesses to the reputation of their marriago, &a.; (all this his Honor quoted), and thero was a statement by one witness, that she was a pioud woman. Now as far as lils own knowledge of human nature went, ho could not conceive it pro- bable that any woman could havo a notoriety for pride, who had met with such an "accident" as that of having been the mother qf an illegitimate child. There was certainly somo evidence of their marriage, whatever it might amount to. Was there any evi- dence against it i It was open to tho jury if they saw even the I slightest evidence of a fact on ono side, and no evidenco at all on the other, to take the slight evidence as sufficient. As to this and all other questions which they had to determine during their con- sideration of the case ho would mako this general observation : It was the duty of the jury to adopt, jis to all these questions, the conclusion, which tho greatest^weight of evidence i pointed to. They wero not bound to decide upon their oaths what the fact really was, but simply to determine, as to every dis- puted faotr on whioh side tho balance of ovidenco lay. To use a familiar illustration, he would say that if they found nine reasons for determining a question of fact in one wuy, and ten reasons 1 of equal strength for determining it in another, it would bo their I duty to decide in favour of that conclusion to which the ten rea' sons pointed Their duty would bo tho same If there nore D9 reasons in favour of one conclusion, and 100 in favour of another, or 009 on ono sido, and 1000 an the other lu short, It was the balance of evidence whioh mast govern their verdlot, no matter how slight that balance might be, and even although a great deal of doubt might still remain on their minda as to which side the truth lay on. In criminal casca any reasonable doubt of a pri- soner's guilt entitled that prisoner to an acquittal. Thus, if a man was indicted for forgcrv, and there was a reasonable doubt of his guilt which the jury, after examining the evidence, could not get rid of, they would bo bound to acquit tho accused, even although they might consider that tho presumption of hi« guilt was somewhat greater, upon tho evi- dence, than the presumption of his innocenec. But when, during tho progress of a civil trial, tho guilt or innoccnoo of any man became a question, the jury must decide it as they would any other-upon the moro preponderance of evidenco. At the request of defendants'counsel the attention of the jury was called by his Honor to certain facts in the evidence as to the pedigree, which tended, it was argued, to show that Nicholas and Edward could not be both the sons of the eldest Patrick Devine by his wife Amie Ellis. These were—1. That when Amie Ellis died she was, ac- cording to tho statement of Dennis Mullavey "above seventy" 2\. That this Mullavey, who "was at her wake but not at her fu- neral" was "a small boy" at the time, and that he was about seventy years or age at the time he was examined in September, 1851, and consequently that the death of Amie was probably about 1780 or 1787. 3. That, following up the same line of reasoning, Amie Ellis must have been born in about 1716 or 1717. 4. That, according to other evidence given in proof of pedigree, old Ned Divine died in 1837 at the age of about eighty years. 5. That Nicholas died in 1838 at the age, as was stated, of 104. 6. That, according to these figures Amie must have become the mother of Nicholas when she was but about ten years old, and of Edward when she was over forty, making an interval of above thirty years between the births of Nicholas and Edward. In call- ing the attention of the jury to this evidence, however, the learned Judge also pointed their attention to the various other statements during the progress of the case as to the age of Nicholas Divine at particular periods some of which might, in their opinion lead to a conclusion that Nicholas was less aged than was asserted in the notice at the time of his death. When lilt Honor was ab mt to sum up that part of tho evid»nco which affected the question of Nicholls Divine's possession, it wis admitted bv defendant's counsel that this possession might ho considered as pioved, inas- much as it was from him that tiley, as well as tho present plain- tiff, ela mod to derive thtir title It onlj remained, tUeieforc, for the learned Judge to point out how fir tho evidenco of tho sur \evors wis npphcablo to the respective properties of the defend- ants Ulis ho did. Ho next turned his atten- tion to what, as ho again pointed out, was tho mun point of contest The genuineness of the conveyance to Roohfoid In lefercncc to this branch of tho case ho called the attention of the jury to tho various documents which wei o in evi- denco to their natuio, and to the various argument's which had been urged in respect of them on one side or the other There was but one ruling of his Honor's in connection with this branch or the o ise which need be recorded hero Tills was ns to tho legal effect of the cn ii status of Kochtord on tho questions hec at issue Ills Honor was of opini m that a com let ron'ii accept a con\ cr- ane s of land An est ito in land possessed bj such a person could orh bo taken from him bj tho down, »nd then only after an inquisition, »ni what was teohnicully termed "office foun 1 " If it was presumed that Divine knew the leg ii disabilities attending the civil position of luichf >rd in one respect, it might be presumed that he also knew the limit of tiloso disabilities in tho respect just alluded to and might conceive that the Crown-t iking into con- sideration ill the circumstances of the cast and seeing that thoio was nothing wrong on his (Divino'«) part, would not bo disposed to interfere with the arrangements ho h id mado, consequently that ho might Uko it for granted thit the acts by which ho luid his title for life would be tacitly r allied, whatever might bo the result as to Kochfoid's title to the f e, if any question nhould ho rawed by tho Crown after his (Divine's) death In furthor directing the jury as to tho question of authenticity, his II ¡nor pointed out that proof of an attesting witness' Mgnature tiustbe regarded in somo evidence, pinna faaif, that all was done which he attested to have been done, also, that although tho f ict of thero being the signatures of tinco attest- ing witnesses to the conv ojanco, &o; , as well as to the will, was some cv idenco from which the jury might draw a presumption of mala fides, it wus frequently seen that unnecessary attestations wero Used Ho h id himself seen, for instance, in th it Court, na attestation to a ti idesman's receipt Taking as a guide the samo principle that raised an Influence of general bona flics, when an attestation was proved to be genuine, the proof that an j particular attestation was forged would bo evidenco to raiso a presumption that the whole tr insaotion was fraudulent His Honor huv ing read all tho evidenco on either side as to the genuineness of tho several signatures on the contested documents, proceeded next to call tho att-ntion of the jury to that part of tho eise, and of the ovidenco which related to the comparison of writings with a view to determine tho genuine- ness of particular signatures Ho diicetcd tho juiy to hike as a basis for this comparison In tho first instance, onlj the two docu- ment« which « ere admitted to b3 genuine, the petition to Go\ ernor Macquarie and tho letter to Peyton Johnson, but if upon a con- sideration of the wholo evidence they should arrive at u conclusion that any other particular documents w oro genuine, these latter, also, might be used for the purpose of comparison with the signa- tures on tlu.lease and release At his Honor's suggestion tho Jury examined each and all of theso documents, as tho evidenco affecting thom was gone through On making this suggestion, which was readily adop ed by the Jury, his Honor piid these gentlemen a high and well-merited compliment for tho great attention winch thej had given to this ciso throughout Nevei in his life, he s ltd, had he seen u Juij devote sueh close and undivided attention to a cose as tho fury then in the box had given to this an attention the moio trjin^ to their cn»rgies from the great length of time which this onqulry had taken up Ho should havo boen very glad he add»d, if the names of theso twclvo gentlemen could havo been in some way or anothei recorded in that Court to their c\c-lasiing honour Mr WISE hero suggested that in order to mark tho valno of these gentlemen's services, iw to which all patties concurred, it might bo possible to mako some order for theil exemption from scrvioo for a particul ir period, similar to that which had been mado in favour of tho Jury -who had tried 'Madeleine bmlth. Although that trial had been far shorter than tho present one, lustlngout nine ilajs, the jury who eat upon it had been exempted from further sorvices for tlvo years. His Moxon regrettfd very much that this could not bo done. Even if his own powers had not been limited, tho circumstances of the colony nnd the condition of the jury list would render it almost impossible ; and the great caro and attention bestowed upon this ease' by the gentlemen upon this jury would, ho feared, render other suitors but too anxious to secure their assistance If he had a record in that Court, ho should certainly bo most anxious to secure the services of these gentlemen for tho trial of the Í33ue. At a subsequent period of the day the Foreman of tho Jury made a formal application on the behalf of himself and brethren, for sumo such exomptlon (for a period) from future service as had been granted to tho Jurors who sat in the case of Madeleine Smith. In so doing ho dwelt upon the veiy heavy tax upon their time und attention which this case had entailed, the great inconvenienco and loss which many of them had beca subjected to by being kept so long from their husiness, and the heavy responsibilities of their position in having to de- termine a question of such gravity and magnitude. In conclusion he, iu tho mimo of tho jui y,. thanked his Honor for the great courtesy and consideration which they had met with at his h indi throughout tho trial., In replying to this application his Honor repeated his compliment to tho jury on their attention, and thanked them for the patiouco with which they had listened to his charge. -Ho regretted, however, that even apart from the peculiar oircuinstances of the colony and the small number of jurors, ho ically had not tho powor to mako such an oracr as was asked for. To convince them of this he read the provisions in tho Jury Act by whioh the powers of tho judges wore defined and limited. Ho added, howbver, that ho-and he had no doubt bis brother Judges also-would do all that was possible towards attaining tho samo end, by excusing thom when absent on future occasions. Tho learned Judge hoYlng finished his summing up on the question of handwriting, next proceeded to go through tho evidence as to Rochford'» social status, and na to the probabilities of a person thus situated acquiring so much funds of his own as to bo able to pay tho " consideration " money mentioned In the release. Finally, he came to the evidenco bearing upon the groat question in thecase-the condition, mental nndphysioal.ofNloholas Divino. The whole of this evidence, on either side, was road by his Honor from his notes, but this reading was not quite con- cluded when tho Court roso for the day at nearly six p.m. His Honor decided upon leaving some small poition of the evi- dence to be read on Saturday for this reason : That the ohargo being concluded early on that day, the jury might havo ample time for the consideration of their verdict, «ithout theohaneeof being looked up at night, which would probably be thecase, if ho had gono on to a conclusion, and thus left the issue finally ia the hands of the jury. The re iding of the evidenco was accompanied by a running commentary upon its effect, although neither on this nor in any other pare of the case did the learned Judge express any opinion of his own upon quostions of fact. The only one of his Honot's comments, whiuii seems to call for special notice, had re- ference to tho affidavit of Rochford in fiocasoof Divine v Roaoh . According to the letter of the swearing, ho said the statement was unquestionably inconsistent with the fact of his possessing a title in too to this property ; but if, as was ordinarily tho ease when questions of this soi t wero raisod, the attonti in of Rochford was only directed to the subject matter of tho action itself his swearing would bo consistent with tho nature of the tltlo which was set up in the evidence for the defence. According to this evidence, the title for lifo was restored to Divine, and, altbomrh tho fee simple was vested in Rochford, ho had only a reversionary interest in the actual possession. Thus as the action or Divino v. Roach was for uso and occupation, Divino ns the lessco for Ufo would be In roality the person interested in its result, and not Rochford. It was for the jury to say, therefore what they conceived to have been intended by Rochford whn» ho mado this statement on oath., . " nts Hosott on tho morning of Saturday, tho 10th September resumed and concluded lils charge to tho Jury. After having gono through tho few notes of tho evidence whioh romainert still unread, tao learned Judge remitted the jury to tlio consideration of their vordiot, recapitulating as he did so the Ques- tions which they would have to determine. They must firstTiw whether or not the plaintiff had mado out his pedigrco and nrnví»í that ho was really tho heir-at-law of Nicholas Divuio. If so tw must neat lind which of the defendants' lands or houses' m/n within Tie limits of the property which Divino heldI For T mach of their lands as were without these limits tho defendant« would bo entitled to a verdict, and it would bo unnecc88arv in referencoto these lands, to go into any consideration of »ho re malning questions. And if their verdict should bo after the consideration of these questions, for the plaintiff, they must define by that verdict how far tho lands or each defendant were inoludcd. The next questions wero thoso upon the lease and in lease of 1827. First, did Divine with his own hand execute those deeds, or wore the signatures purporting to bo bis, mero íorai-rína Secondly,-if ho did sign these deeds, was it at Se when h" knew what ho was about. H cither of these question? »!» ,t° cided In the negative the plaintiff would bo cÄltled to ^vortUct" As in every other caso in that Court, they must decide according totbo balance of tho evidence, however slight. Itwuïtnî them to declaro what wero the/T,., but wha? was the TomlJZ tlvo value of the evidenco on cither side ns to thoso foots, aTdthéV would be bound thus to decide even although considerable doubt! might be still left upon their minds. In determining th?h7,?anT of the evidenco they wero not to consider somly the furber of ?ho witnesses on ono side or on the othor, but the resnectlvo vnlnn 7,f these conflicting testimonies. According to ÄS Vo Privy Counoil," The jury must weigh the conflicting evidence consideran the, probabilities of tho case, not excludtagthoordtaary presumption of innocence, aniLmuetdetorminc the quest Scorn- ing to the balance of these probabilities." iSftrd was here charged with forgery, which at thotime ho was so d to hi« committed It, was an offence punishablo by death. Thero was a legal presumption in favour of every man's innocence until his guilt was shown, and in considering this question the jury must not exclude that presumption. It was a question, in short* as to which conclusion tho balance pointed to, and they must determino the caso upon their judgment in this respect, even although great doubts might still bo left on their minds. " .T" The Jury retired at twenty minutes past JO n.m. At twonty-flvo minutes to four they returned to the Court prepared to dell vor their verdict. Some symptoms of exoitement baring been manifested, his Honor Bent for the Undcr-Shorlfr, and . In this action tho defendant had relied upon u 'notice in tim Gazette or the day, to the effect thdt the lands of Divine had been conveyed by him to Roohford, but Rochford had sworn that ho had no Interest. Tho question was.-whethcr In this swearing hemeant thathehadno.interestintho/iw, or merely that he had no In torest in this particular action which was one against a sub.li».!T for .< use'aad occupation.". . . U8lua8'; B »u^«ssce directed that any person disturbing the Court should be taken into eustody. Tun FOBKKAN OF TI» J DEY then pronounced a verdlot for the defendants. His HoMoa stated the only other duty whioh remained for bim to perform was one whioh had occasioned him a great deal of anxiety. This was as to the remuneration to be ' awarded to the jury for their valuable services. Could he have directed a payment for theso services, upon a scale at all propor- tionate to their value, ho should have thought that ten guineas a day would scarcely havo been sufficient ; but besides that, this would havo formed an inconvenient precedent for other eases ; his discretion must bo governed and bounded by the provisions of tho Jury Act, and by the course pursued in tho only other ease bearing any nnalogy to this in point of duration-that of the trial between the Banks of Australasia and Australia, whioh lasted twenty days. Upon tho whole, ho felt bound to limit his award to one guinea per diem for each juror, from the 4th to the 20th day, and £16s. each per diem for the remainder of tho time. Binco arriving at this decision he had found that the amount would just be the same as tho one guinea per doy for caoh juror first offered by the parties, and the additional Government allowonco would raise tho amount some £13 or £14 moro. Ho regretted the very great inadequacy of this remuneration, but his discretion was fettered. It only re- mained for him to thank them once moro for the groat care and at- tention which there had been bestowed-a degree of care and at- tention with which neither his experience, nor his reading, fur- nished him with any parallel. They had earned for themselves the gratitude of tho parties and of the colony, and their service«, ho trusted, would never bo forgotten. Ho would now bid them fare- well. We cannot close this notice of the " Great Newtown Case " better than by giving an abstract of what may be termed " the work" of it, whioh wa1« handed to ui by one of the learned counsel engaged in it. The plaintiffs' first case lasted eight days, and embraced the evidence of sixteen witnesses ; the defen- dants' first case occupied one day, and was supported by two witnesses. Plaintiff's second case six and a half days, twenty-eight witnesses. Defendants' second case seven and a half days, thirty witnesses. 8r>eech of Mr. Darvall for the defendants, one day; reply of Mr Plunkett for the plaintiff, two days ; summing up and consideration of verdict, three days. ANTONIO WOOLLIER.-This ypung Icelander, who risked his life m saving Johnson, the sole survivor of the ill-fated Dunbar, has had a sum collected for him amounting to £88 3s. 6d., and Mr. J. Fairfax, the trustee, has invested £75 in a bank post bill, at twelve months, bearing 5 per cent, interest, and the balance given to the lad for his immediate wants. DAKLINO HARBOUR BRIDGE.-WO undrrstand that a series of very interesting experiments have been made for the purpose of ascertaining the actual strength of the several "parts of the Darling Harbour Bridge, by the engineer, Mr. Morinrty. The pre3cnt having been considered a favourable opportunity of testing, not merely the strength, but the rigidity'of the bow gi-.ders, by which the roadway of this fine structure is to be supported, the engineer caused one of the gir- ders to be loaded with twelve tons of iron placed at ita centre, the deflection be ng carefully noted as each ton was laid on. When it had been loaded with the first eight tons, the deflection was found to be between ¿ and i inch ; four tons extra wero then placed (also on the centre of the girder) without producing any percep- tible increase in the bending. This weight was then allowed to remain on the girder for four~dnys, at the end of which time it was found that the deflection had not increased, and on the weight being removed the girder returned to its former «tate. Altogether the trials were most satisfactory. Experiments have like- wise been made on the joists, as well as on battenB of the different descriptions of colonial hardwood, which, prove most conclusively that for the various purposes of the engineer and architect, the woods of the colony are equal, if not superior, to any in the world. The centre swivel of the Darling Harbour Bridge is to consist of wrought iron lattice beams, movable on cast iron conical rollers ; the contract for this portion of the work has been taken by the Australian Steam Navigation Company. 'The girders are to be 104 feet in length each ; when the swivel is open there will be a clear space on each side, one for vessels passing up, the other for those coming down the harbour. A con- tract, we are told, has just been entered into with Mr. Randlp, for the execution of all the works on the Pyr- mont Bridge Company's line of road across Pyrmont, Black Wattle Bay, and the Glebe, so ' that we may confidently calculate upon this important outlet being thrown open to the public before many months are over. COTTON GnowiNo IN THIS COLONY.-Dr. F. Camp- bell, the present resident physician at Tarban Creek, we believe was the first to. introduce the subject of cotton-growing to the Australian public. In "A Treatise on the Culture of Flax and Hemp," origi- nally sketched in the Maitland Mercury in 1844, and, afterwards enlarged and published in 1845,' in the Australian Journal, that gentleman says : " Lastly, there aro the varieties of cotton, every one of which is worth a notion's ransom. There is no doubt they would grow admirably in many parts of this great country, ' seeing that cotton is* indigenous to the colony. Thera is a beautiful silky species growing» wild and luxuriant on the Hunter, in a flat belong, ina; to Mr. Eales, which I believe is peculiar to the district." AN ABORIGINAL HEROINE.-A silver medallion worn by Nero attests the following historiette : " Given to record the heroism of GRACE DAHLINO NEBO, who, by her courage and presence of mind, saved a Whito Man from, drowning, before several spectators, at Tapio, 29th May, 1857." It appears that this sable heroine was encamped with the several male and female members of her tribe, and witnessed the efforts of a White man to cross the Dar- ling river, then in full flood, when he became sub- merged, and with the courage and benevolence worthy of her prototype she boldly dashed into the waters to his rescue. Nero sunk three times with the white man, who had become lifeless, and though perfectly exhausted by his struggles and the rapidity of the current, she contrived to reach, after considerable difficulty, the right bank of the river, where she placed her charge, for whom she had exhibited so much per- sonal bravery, in a place of safety. We understand that the friends of our aboriginal tribes are promised a portrait of this native heroine of the Darling river. The medallion is valuable to the decoró, as it secures to her food, as the reward of valour displayed in the cause of humanity. TUB MELBOURNE RIOT.-Sunday, September 20th. The Queen's Wharf has long been the favourite re- sort of eccentric preachers, and temperance lecturers, who on Sunday atternoons manage to surround them- selves with little knots of attentive hearers ; and the worst results have been a war of words between the advocates of the various opinions enunoiated, and tho hubbub created by them " preaching one against the other" as the police express it. On Sunday afternoon (20th), the Wharf was made the scene of a political lecture by a person named Osborne, o£ " unemployed " celebrity, which was attended with a serious breach of the peace. It seems that some person amongst the large crowd who sur- rounded the lecturer, ventured to demur to one of ' his assertions, when some of the bystanders, full of ' Î zeal for their apostle, took summary vengeance on the intruder, and after giving him some very Bevere usage, teere about to pitch him into the river, when their intentions were frustrated by the arrival of two or three of the police force, whom the uproar attracted to the spot. In performing this service the con- stables came in for their share of kicks, bat succeeded ' in carrying off two of the most violent to the Yarra Hotel, where they intended to remain until reinforce- ments should arrive. The mob, fully two thousand in number, followed them for the purpose of rescuing the prisoners. With this intention several of the most forward burst in the door, but two of the assaulting party, not expecting so little resistance, lost their ' ' balance, and fell inside-the police shutting the door, and securing them as prisoners. Assistance arriving, they left the hotel with the four men who had füllen into their hands, and were pro- ceeding up William-street, when they were followed by the mob, hooting and yelling, ana flinging stones, picked from the roadway. Here the police received most efficient aid from several by-standers, who man- fully stood by the officers and besought them not to use their batons. Further reinforcements of police arriving, they occupied themselves in picking up the ringleaders as they moved onward. One man was '' taken with stones in each band, just as he was about ' to discharge them. On being secured, he turned round ' to the crowd and asked them if they intended to let him be token thus. The question was answered by another shower of stones aimed at the police, several of whom were severely struck by them. Constable Sherwin had a narrow escape from a large stone, which was specially intended for him, but grazed his face, and made a deep dent in a post on the roadside. Just as they were about to enter the gates of the King- * street Barwicks, one of the most active of the mob seized holo of the skirts of Slier win's coat with the view of procuring the release of his prisoner, < when, suddenly turning round, the constable seized him by the collar and hauled him in likewise. This man liad just before been inciting the mob to a ' general rescue, saying " Now let's give it the police!'' when he was thus^ unceremoniously bundled in with' the rest. 8'x prisoners were secured ; on searching them most were found to be in possession of watches . and large sums of money, end one and all seemed'to be in good circumstances, and decidedly not new "chums.. - [To lessen the existing distress, the Melbourne Govern- ' > ment have taken on 1500 men, at 6s. per diem, to be' ' I employed on the public works.], *' i , . 