MELBOURNE HUNT DOINGS. BY NIMROD'S GHOST. SATURDAY.-- -The carriage-road and esplanade, in front of Ottaway's Royal Hotel, St. Kilda, presented a gay scene about two o'clock in the afternoon, the attraction of a meet at so public a spot having drawn together a motley assemblage from carriage folk down to pedestrian nursemaids and children. The muster of members of the Hunt was not quite so numerous as usual, as it was known that the master did not intend anything very serious, on account of the heavy work contemplated for horse and hound in the following week ; but thoro' wero many cavaliers who took advantage of tho lovoly after noon, and tho goneral cessation of bufrinoRS, to onjoy an invigorating gallop. The pack arrived shortly of tor two, and a start was alino3t immediately made, tho master leading his company along tho son beach for about a mile, and turning sharp towards tbo Brighton road. Almost instantly on reaohing tho intorvonini; grassy {?lain, the hounds discovered their drag, and dashed away ike mad. So sudden was thoburstthatatliirdof tho horso raen, who wcro lingering carelessly behind, wero loft com pletely in tho lurch, novor dreaming that aught waa meant but n quiet cantor forwards. Howover, tho con tinuous but receding melody whioh roaohod thoir oars soon convinced thorn that an active dosu of Brummagom would bo roquirod to enable them to keep within Bound of tlio right dirootion, and thoy made play liko ono o'clock. Tho first flight had aa much as their nags could manogo to stick to tho pack, for tho paco they went was only Second to an express train, and would havo pumped out any amount of maidon-plators. Across tho Brighton road— over tho heathy downs— round tho lagoon— for aboutaixinilc3tlieygallopedaconipletehurry-scurry;anu bo cloBoly was tho bojman' pressed, that ho was com pelled to rush into tlio open door of a cottago to eavo tho littlo life that had not been Beared out of him. Tho good housowife and her ' bairns ' -woro Btruck dumb with astonishment at their quiet homo being suddenly Bur roiuidod by tbo baying hounda and ohooring Bporismon, nor did tho men folks scorn quito easy in thoir minds aa to thoir aafoty from onslaught ; but the ;whip por-in 8oon cleared tho verandah, andthua rocovorod tho alarmed habitants from thoir dread of boing turned into doge' moat. Somo minutes after tho finish, tlio roar-gnard came dashing along, and ploasod okough thoy seemed to rojoin Hiobo whom thoy littlo thought to havo cast eyoa upon again that afternoon. So sovoro bod been the pace, that tho host conditionod animals out shook thoir tails liko pendulums ; and tho way in -which the pack lay panting down, provod both their gamonoss and liootuoBS. Thoy ran extremely oven, gavooxoollont tongue, andtho lucky fow, who woro nblo to keep noarthein, wire dolighted at their npood and steadiness. The close of the run was not far from tho Dandenong road, andtho dlstanoo but Bhort from tbo kennel, ao' an early roturn homo was made at tho master's wish. . . Tdksday.— The Tuoaday tryata aro tho dolight'of tbo regular ' workmen,' aa thon the game ia fairly Bought in its native wild, and tho chances of tho field aro moro changeful and oxoiting. A foggy morning, and a moot at half- past ten,' reminded ono strongly . of a huntinj day in tho doar 'old country,!' nor could any thorough-going orosa-couutry man roatrain his heart from bounding against hia ribs aa ho cantered gaily along, cigar in mouth, sporting friend at hia Bide, and a compact tit under him. Tho 'rOnkleigh Inn,' about ton miles from town, waa tho rendezvous : and about twenty woll-mountod mon, moatly M.H.O.'a, arrived pretty punctually to share in tho day's delights. Two or tlireo woro rather late, and the master waited beyond tho uaual law. for thorn j but thoy turned up in tiino to overhaul him whon a railo or so on tho way to covor. About a. inilo beyond tho ' Mulgravo' tho moator turned into tho buah and commoncod drawing ; but tho scent vaa ao cold that tho paok could find nothing to utter a note about. Tho fog, also, waa ao heavy that all waa indiatinot less thaa two hundred yards ahead : and Mr. Watson oould not possibly toll in what dircotion ho waa : caating. Soon after twelve a Blight drat? was picked up, wliioh gavq a couplo of niiloa of alow galloping, and thon failed utterly, nor oonld anything lie hit on for a full hour. Snddonly, howovor, the fog hold up, .andtho master proposed a fow minutos' holt as a rofroabmont I against our brightening prospects. A pull at tho pockot pistol and a draw at tho wood put ovorybody straight, and saddles wero rosumod with invigoratod spirits. On looking around, it was ovidont wo hod unwittingly kept too near a number of cultivation paddooka, and thoao had to be erosaod to roach some proinUing-lotking kan qatoo ground boyond. Tho fouoes woro not of vory atarmiug aizo, a.i all hands (or rather feet) got woll ovor them, and tho littlo oxoitomout was a great roliof to our prior dulnoBa. A fino plain now oxtendod before u», and tho paok woro troitod on to a promising pioco of burnt foed. Indication of tho long-tailod 'una woro immediately dUoovcrod, nnd ' Dulcet' nnd ' Dancer' aoon told by thoir low whimpering that thoro had boon something hopping about during tho morning. Old ' weloome' joinod those favourito and truthful hounds in declaring that it was timo to follow on tho nearly chilled trail, and tlio cntiro pack industriously joinod in working it atoadlly out, Tho 'Doctor,' 0110 of tho Bandigo hounds, lately ontorod, uavo fiomo troublo by lib' ovor-oagornoaa and blabbing, but a sovoro tasto of tho laeh brought him into a wholosomo foar of uttering rash falBohoods. After picking Blowly along for twenty minuloa, wo reached aoino beautiful foodlng oovcr, end 'Tally-ho' was Buddonly cried to both right and loft. Tlio ono was a booming ' old man,' tho other a- boautif ul doo, and on tbo lattor tho hounds wero laid a/i alwaya afforduig tho hotter si-ort. With a rattling cliorue of liliiBio tliopack.dashodahoad, and ivory man folt that ho was, in for » good thing an a roward for pationco mad porsovoranco. . Over heath, through tliick scrub, 'and on occasional nplondid turf, wo rattled along for about seven milos, with but momentary chooks, and already calculated on a doath view, when a lecond flying doo got up. As only tho tail hounds carried on tho old flccnt, thoy wore instantly whipped Dff, tho paco boing too strong, and timo too valuable, to mako it wiso to rato tho leadors for a mistako they could not avoid. A acnaihlo ohaiiRo had ocenrrod in tho atmosphcro, and tho scout now lay breast high, ?0 that our nags required holding woll together, go as to 'bottlo' Bomcthing for coining ovonta. Aftor a glorioiiB ncampor of four milon or no soino paddocka loomed ahead, and a stiffish threo-railer was charged and crossed by all but two or tlireo, thoy gotting out of their thrcatonod difficulty by liaminoring ovor a vwo-railor a abort distance below. Sovoral bush fences and minor timber jumps enlivened tho fun for aomo timo, nnd then we camo on a splendid award, liko an Knylish park. 'What a pace was then got up ! Thoro was no chance to aavo your horse, for, a3 tho prophet of old s.iid, thore wa3 'death iu tho pot,' and every man was determined to lie there or thereabouts in tho momentarily expected finish. Still, Btill wo rattled on over Blightly wooded plain and low Bcrubbed down, for milo aftor milo, and each fportsniau looked inquiringly into tho faco of his nearest neighbour, as if asking hia opinion as to whether tiio run would Boon como to an ond, or if tho horses wcro ?' oxpeotod to lcoop (joing at tho rato of ninotcen miles nn '?' hour for ovor. Anothor couple of fonccs woro crossed, and'wo Btrcamod down a heavy valloy to a muddy f armroad , wlun tho hounda Biiddonly throw up nt a shallow pool of water. Thia breathing timo was a god-Bend to man and horso, but it was not vouohaiifod ub long. The bubbles on tho Burfacoof ft largo puddlo in tho track .allowed that tho 'jumper' had boon taking a roll, so 'lraine- diatoly tho oaninoa hud coolod their tongnoa tho mostor lifted thorn n bit, and thoy wont off with a oraBli that « Bounded as if ho had put them right by.magio. Again did wo pound along as if our animals! lungs woro as tough aB blaoksmitfi's bellows, and thoir logs liko tho famous Btcam limb of tho 'merchant thoro wa3 in Rot tordam ('—though we roally folt that thoro was a hare ,n»»iliility of thoro boing -' toomuoh of a good thing.' fortunately, wo now «mio to Bomo heavy heath, and tho pace sensibly diuiiHishod, until at length thoro was a chock every tlireo or four hundred yards. This: told plainly tliat ho was dodging for a plant, but bo often woro wo disappointed as the pack doshod Into' different clumps of wattle, that we began to foar it would bo sunsot boforo tlioyearnqdtho 'Iblood' thoydesorvod. Moro than ft quarter of tin hourof fliis teasing work had been found decidedly vexing, when aflothqr docidod gallop was got up, and wo wero led a tolerably' merry dance towards a small farm hi tho valloy below ub, but over too good turf for tho kangaroo to bo ablo to livo long boforo tho dotcr mtnnrl ninV. TniW -was thia nrovod. for. on attcmntinrv to riso the opposito hill, his strength faUod him, and, aa St. Saul did, ho 'fetohod a compass' — (N.U. Not n polar ond, but n circumbcridibtu). As tho hoiindii tumod, Mr. O., who waa- riding a littlo to .the right, mddenly gavo ftconjolued 'tally;hol'. and 'whoopl' for ho found our gamo quarry lyuig exhausted in his lino, and, thoreforo, gauiod tho 'honoura of tho day' aa the first man up. All tho field woro very closo at tho finish, and enjoyed tho oxoiting Bight of tho well-earned break-up. Tho horaos stood thoir severe. work exceedingly -well, and it was really aurpriaing how two poniea— a groy and ft piobald— kept in suoh largor sized company. Notlcsa than aixty miles must havo been gono over beforo homo wo3 reached, and, as tbo kill whs about seventeen milos from Molbourno, it waa a Bomowhat tedious journey to fooej. nor woro wo vory. certain in which dirootion to atoer. However, a homestead waa hit beforo dark, and .wo wero put right for tho Daudenong road. At the ' Mulgravo ' a vast amount of_ bread . and choese waa washed down :. by copioua draughts of bottled Bass, and thus roliovod from tbo pahga ot famino, wo cheerfully jogged baok to Melbourne by moonlight. The ohoso waa principally ovor the plains and downs under tho Dandonong llanges, and at ono timo tho polico station was but a Bhort way oX By tho timo town waa roachod, we hod been ol oven hours in tha saddle, and man and horao had thoroforo had about ' enoughof it.' That the Cheltenham tryst may afford 03 much pleasure but closo a lectle nearer tho konnol, ia the devout wish of tho Ghost. ? 