LONDON GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) I BIGGER THAN A PRINCE-The booksellers 'drank their old wine of old out of authors' skulls, authors not unfrequently now quaff effervescent beakers of something a good deal better than hippodrome out of the pockets of booksellers. Take "Little Dorrit" for example. Why the proceeds must be equal to the united salaries of half the Lords of the Treasury and all the Lords of the Admiralty land, naval, and amphibious- put together. Dickens now-a-days has as many sources of emolument from one of his works as Prince Doctor Field-Marshal Elder Brother I BnngerWardenWiirderAibert from all his royal omnium gatherum appointments. First come I the enormous direct profits on the prodigious sale ; then the profits arising from granting pt i vi lege of translation to the various countries with which we have international copy- right ; then the sale of early proof sheets to the American houses; lastly the advertisements, in themselves equal to the salary of a ¡cabinetminister; finally, ultimately, and con- clusively, the continuous sale of the completed l volumes. None of Dickens's serials have so fluctuated in sale as Dorrit. Beginning with an issue of 45 000, the highest number of any of the Belles, it has descended occasionally to 30,000. This difference of 16,000 is equal in itself the aggregate issue of Blackwood Frazer, Bentley, Gentlemen's, and all the rest of the ordinary monthlies. But Dorrit rallied repeatedly to nearly the original number and i the average on the whole impression for the nineteen months fully bears out the credit he takes in the introduction as to his audience having never been so numerous. LUTON AND LEVER-The veterans have broken new ground Bulwer, in Blackwood, under his lately adopted signature of " Pisis tratus Caxton," in another Shandyean alia podrida called " What Will He Do With It ?" and Lever tells us he is to take the field in another Harry Lorrequer twelve months' gallop, from the M July, as Davenport Dunne. Lever has gone back to Florence, after getting his son a commission, which seems to have some particular charm for Irishmen ; but the only visible, or rather audible, effect it leaves upon the many members of the Murphy family, who sojourn there in the vicinage of " Santa Oroce's holy life," is, that the Tuscan atmosphere mellows the Tipperary brogue, making it more peat;, or bog trot, than ever. This is certainly the case with Harry himself, who grows more Hibernian the longer he lives out of Ireland, as an Irishman ought to do. A few weeks back he was at the sale, or the attempted sale, hero of a morning paper, whereof he might have been the manager, if, unluckily for his peace of mind, certain contemplated arrangements had come to anything, which, fortunately for him, and for the public who prefer his imaginative facts to the facts of his imagination, they did not. He looked just as fresh, athletic, and sbillelaghish, as if he had ridden in from a forty miles' steeplechase in Connemara, with the Martin of Oro Martin, and was full of equine jokes enough to make a horse laugh. Thus, in reference to the argument that because a certain amount had been spent on the journal in question, it ought therefore to realise so much, he told a story of a foreign officer who wanted to sell him a charger (in Brussels) at a fabulous figure, alleging that he had expended the money, and ought to be recouped, " Now did you lay that much out on the basis, General," asked Lorrequer. "In farriery said the General. Ohaunting the " Groves of Blarney, Harry tried down the Rue de l'Ecuyer, the best street in Leopold's capital, and wished the General a particularly good afternoon. Lorrequer was much nearer trapped into a far more serious bargain in the A Blinna of a Yankee engagement for lectures, i for It seems that the British flag, as exhibited in his novels, is a highly popular piece of bunting in the land of the star-spangled banner, and that he would be an int- immense favorite throughout the Union. [Having, however, long lived in the home of Machiavelli, he had imbibed the philosophy which enjoins that chickens should not be re- is hoped before the? are hatched, that a bird in the hand worth two in the bush, and that (previous to cooking a hare a useful press" seminary is to catch it. Fortified with this was ] domestic was proof against the blandishments i of Uncle Sam ; would leave nothing to chance ; Rd hence the certainty that jonathan won't have the loquacious Lorrequer, and that Bull I will have Davenport Dunne, who, we may . take for granted, will prove to have been a 1 most confidential friend of Napoleon, as so many of Mr. Lever's heroes are, and put him up to the trick of carrying the bridge of Lodi, taking Ulm, getting out of Evlau. and all but. escaping from St. Helena, and lodging in the vaults of the Bank of England. STOUT BKEWBES, BUT THEN SENATORS. The only incident in the debate on the motion for the committal of the Transportation and 1 Penal Servitude Bill deserving of note was the debut of Whitbread, a very rising young man indeed, being seven feet high, of the circumference of a maypole and the complexion of a haystack. He is the son of his father, who was nobody ; so there isn't much in that. But the nobody was the son of somebody, the famous Whitbread, whose porter and purse were alike at the service of Liberalism when it was something to be a Liberal, when Cam Hobhouse (Lord Brough- ton), himself a partner in this brewery, "foamed up a patriot and subsided- into Newgate," as his friend Byron said. Young Whitbread's maiden address was against Government, that is against Sir George Grey, whose private secretary he was at the Colonial Office ; so there is" something of the grand- father's sturdiness about him. Memsie was private secretary for nothing, a fact well worth making a mean. of. It is a very odd thing, and Mr. Pat. Somers should put a notice on the books for a committee of inquiry into the cause that this maker of porter isn't stout. Indeed none of the porter makers in Parliament are and what a brew of them there is for beside Whitbread, and Guinness, and Bass, and others, we have Truman, Hanbury, and Buxton's entire-firm; all this, Buxton, year very thin, as a Quaker feels it a duty to be, as evidence of the Friend's triumph over the enemy of mankind. UN ABSENT BRiTo. A charming caricature on the east of criticism is furnished in a morning paper's announcement of the dismissal of its contributor of a descriptive analysis of the performance of Traviata" at the Lyceum on a certain day, there being no such performance at all ! Liston was the victim of an injustice of this sort at the hands of I Hazlitt, who cut up the great comedian's first appearance in London, which happened to be no appearance, for he didn't play on the night advertised, though Hazlitfc represented him as doing so, and smashed him accordingly, estimating him from previous observation in the country. Times are, however, so far changed now, that exaltation, and not condemnation, is the extreme run into, and so it was on this I AuTooEAPn LETTERs At a recent sale of Bix autograph notes of Wellington's, realised I but 9s. A letter of Palmerston's, with another ! of Dr. Pusey's, Robert Pollock's, Bishop Law't!, i and three more, altogether brought but 6d,, while Gully, the prize-fighters, brought 63. J the actual pugilist"s first being worth twelve ; times as much as the hand of the Bottle 1 Holder I Even Greenaore's brought Is. Won derful are the contrasts thus presented. An j autograph of Eldon's brought a crown, while that of honest John Thelwall, whom Eldon endeavored to hang for conspiring against the crown, (which Thelivnll didn't,) also brought but Cd. The magic name and tells name scrawl of Napoleon commanded exceedingly high prices, considering the innumerable items of this sort that have been sell- ing all over the world all these years back. The LORD HARar. Brougham, who was a prodigy in his babyhood, a phenomenon in his youth, and a miracle in middle age, grows more and more wonderful the older he gets, Hitherto he has been unlike everybody else in 1 the world, and now he is unlike himself. that it the self of this time lost year. These last few 1 months in France have effected such a mutation that his own Grafton-street looking-glass MUSt have been electrified with the reflection of the change. In what does the change consist? In everything, from head to foot, from boots to heard from skin to clothes the voice alone being immutable, the old multi potent-piped organ, the amazing voice of Vaux. In the first place, he is as brown as Mr Borrow's hero of Romany Bey, the gipsy gentleman; and he cultivates that color in his general attire, which is altogether finished with an elegance of Parisian art that may fill the soul of that senatorial snip, Douall Nichol), M. P., with despairing envy. Rather let us say, in speaking of a person of measure the ninth part of a soul for if it take the bodies of nine tailors to make a man, the same ratio should hold good in a spirited BoriEo; consequently the ghost of a state ought to find no great difficulty in performing the feat said to be so inconvenient to a came In reference to a promenade through the eye of a needle. A chocolate velvet waistcoat traversed by a gold filigree chain, at one massive and fantastical, covers the Lord Harry's chest. His trousers- they are trou seen now, and not like the sleeves of a night shirt with legs in them-are braided down, the sides with the same material not gold filagree, but velvet stripes; while the front is also slashed in the neighborhood of the pocket holes with similar stripes, in a semi-military and very striking fashion; iroKged, as one may say, but not in a sense to call the semi Gaul. Patent polished boots and a wax-fitting frock complete the ensemble of Beau Brougham, for Beau he is, and would make Moses and Son's fortune if he stood for an hour or two of a Sunday in the Minories, when and where Caucasians most do congregate Moreover, he has grown positively handsome. The mobile nose is at rest, and no longer pugnacious. He seems to have got hold of the secret of Baron Dnpny been a hirsute pomade; for his hair has taken a fresh start, in- great luxuriance, all round the head, leaving the crown said, like that of a Capuchin friar in fact, he would do for a new copy of Pius VII., in Wilkie's picture of the Pope and Napoleon at Fon- nineteen, only he isn't fat; and the idea of A lean pontiff, one whose poll should be worthy of three hats, is intolerable. Altogether Brougham is an altered man, and infinitely for the better. If he goes on at the same rate for a few score years longer, as he seems to have made up his mind to do, wings will sprout out of him, and he will be the fac-simile of a seraph-a Scotch seraph, of course much before the time he has reached the age of Methusaleh. ARREST OF A NOTED This. For some months past frequent robberies of bagatelle balls have been going on at various hotels in Collingwood, and the east end of the town, and the police have been very anxious for the apprehension of the supposed thief. Detective Black fortunately met with him yesterday morning, rolling on a sofa in the City Arms Hotel, and took him into custody. He goes by the name of Parsons, with about a dozen aliases, such as Hodgkinson, Burns, Bruce, Campbell, Co, and will be examined at the Police Court this morning. CHILD BURNT TO DEATH On Sunday last Anne Davis, the mother of a little girl of the same name, residing at Nunawading, went: out of her cottage to get some water, leaving the child with a younger one in the room, in which there was a fire, and on her return, a few minutes afterwards, found her in flames. She tore the child's clothes off, and applied some oil to the burns, which did not appear to be of a dangerous nature, and the child at her dinner,- and did not complain of much suffering. She, however, died suddenly about ten hours afterwards. An inquest was held on the body on the 18th, before Dr. Candler, the newly-appointed District Coroner, at which the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased had been accidentally burnt to death. MOUNT KORONG. The Correspondent of the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser, writes : "I had the pleasure of seeing this week, at Mr. Smith's store, five nice nuggets-a twenty, ounce, eighteen ounce, sixteen ounce, fourteen ounce, and twelve ounce in all about eighty ounces, obtained during the past week at Oppossum Point ; this point has now been worked, re-worked, and over and over re- worked, for the last four years, and still you see they keep finding nuggets about it. Besides the five nuggets, I know of another sixteen ounce piece, and a quantity of smaller pieces, and fine gold, obtained from the same spot during the past fortnight. The eighteen ounce nugget was got by a mere boy, in about two feet sinking and the higher they go up the hill the nuggets show heavier and heavier : no doubt it will lead them on to some quartz reef on the top of the hill. Another favorable locality at present here, is another old standard place, Nursery Gully. Judging from the manner parties are driving, late and early, no doubt they are not working so very fast without good reason." As EXPLANATION WANTED. Were there two sets of ballot-papers issued at the first general election for the North-Western Province, in September last ? We are induced to put this question from the fact that a ballot paper has been discovered from which the name of one of the candidates, Mr T Miller, is absent, and which is " -.,-a,en;7 certain quarters OF pro--' .- referred to in ing out of Mr. W'" .""? aS¡&m8t; claims arts stances ' rumors candidature. Two la -Ci .? " HAv"e come to our knowledge in which electors in this town noticed the omission of Mr. Miller's name from the papers with which they voted, but, curiously enough, did not think the matter of sufficient importance \- tome j special notice. What after' the discovery of the omission would have had at the time of the election is easily to be guessed at the whole thing would have it to be gone over again. At this distance of time, no such effect may be anticipated, but She publicity of the "mistake as we suppose it will be explained-may operate as a caution, had ensure greater care in future the management of the ballot Mount Alexander Mail. " THE SOUTHERN SPECTATOR." We have w ceived the first number of a magazine of religious, philanthropic, social, and general literature, thus entitled, and edited by the Rev. B. Fletcher, of St. Kilda. The miscellany, as we gather from the editor's address, is intended to embrace literature and science, philosophy and political economy, education and philanthropy, morality and religion the latter element preponderating, Among the topics discussed in the opening number: are State aid to religion and the marriage laws ; while the miscellaneous articles include some colloquies at " Fern Tree House," a " Memoir of the Rev. Jas. Sawle," notices of the missions in the South Pacific, and an epitome of religious intelligence from the Australian colonies. " '* SUPPOSED SUICIDE AT DONNYBROOK Last Friday morning, as Henry Hooper, a storekeeper residing at Barnfield, was driving a horse and cart along the high road, he saw a man lying in a paddock belonging to a Mr. \- Lomas, about two chains from the roadside. Not noticing anything particular in the figure, he passed on, but on returning, in two or three hours time, and still seeing the man lying, he went up, and found him dead. There was a great deal of blood on the ground, and a razor was lying a few yards from the body. The man's throat was cut. There did not seem to have been any struggling, but what the deceased had caused himself, and he ap . peared to have turned over on the ground. Mr. Joseph Lomas, grazier and farmer, of Donnybrook, identified the body as that of a man who had called at his house on the previous afternoon, and asked for something to eat. His expression was noticed to be wild. He received something, and returned again about six o'clock in the evening, when Mr. \- Litmus give "wife a shilling, and he went away, He had a " swag" with him. His name remains unknown, but the body is apparently that of an Englishman, and a hard-working man. An inquest was held before Dr. Candler on the 17th, at which the jury agreed to a Verdict to the effect that, in all probability i deceased had died by his own hand. SUICIDE OF A CONVICT BY DROWNING-A few minutes before ten o'clock on the morning of the 17 in, one of the prisoners on board the hulk Success, named James Shea while taking exercise on the main deck crawled through a port-hole, and before in could be prevented threw himself into the sea. A boat was lowered and the drag! employed, and the body was recovered in about eight or ten minutes, quite dead. An inquest was held on the 14th, before Dr. Candler, at which the jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased had committal suicide and no blame whatever was at tributable to the officers of the Success. Deceased had been put in irons the day before for assaulting the locker ; but nothing peculiar was observed in his manner, more than the he appeared to be a little sulky. At the time of his jumping overboard he had 7lbs, weight of irons on his legs. THE LADIES OF MANCHESTER " Foreign Traveller" concludes a letter to the Dail News on the Manchester Exhibition with saying ;-" At none of the London shows did I ever happen to me to see so many good-looking ladies, and young ladies, OF are to be four charming away the attention of the senator from the mere semblance to the substance i beauty. Nature and art have joined hands i Trafford, and any discreet man may enjoy the advantage of seeing, comparing, and judging between the positive and the fictitious. Ft myself, I am, ready to back flesh and bloc against the thickest coat of oil color and the smoothest canvas. Those dames and dams. belong to the old breed of Lancashire witches and bear in their eyes sparks of that the the consumed their great-grandmother at a stake. They gaze at you (or perhaps only the Gainsborough behind you), seated on a! central settees, with calm, serene, wide-open eyes, and lips apart ; they gaze at you (or the Murillo just above your head) leisurely calmly, steadily, like lionesses taking the rest, as Dante has it; andthoglamourofthc lustrous orbs, the subtle flame they break through those rubies, goes through and through you, till pictures, statues, and knight in armour, and glass roof and.¿J^Hfcpbo you, and you drop exhaustedJS^^Ejrt t same settee by the side of wishes e changes. Here are subjects Tolliday young masters plenty of nature to quicken the enthusiasm of the future worshipper art." LORD PANMURE RESIDENCE, in Ohoshfu place, has been robbed of a quantity of new. body, including the family jewel-case, and the badges of several orders of which his Lordsh ift n leaving.. .__^^MM^^H^M 