THE KGKnOVn.TG ZI1TXV OXiVH. A mooting of tho well wishers towards tho noblo sport of tho chase was hold yesterday, ? at tho Union Hotel, for the purpose of constituting a Molbouruo Hunt Club. Though not numerously attended, yot a goodly mustor ' assoinblod of thoso who really meant putting' their shoulders to the wheel, and the otntemplated businesa was satisfactorily oarriod through. Mr. James Heudor son was called to tho chair, and Bovoral useful and nppro . priate motions wore put nnd oarriod aftor a fair disous sion. The result proved an unanimous determination to carry on tho sylvan pastimo in a manly and liboral man ner ; and auoh a numbor of mombors woro onrollcd as must plaoo tho Melbourne Hunt Club Al at tho covert sido. ? ? Wodnosday in oaoh wook is fixed upon as tho oountry moot for tho regular 'workinon,' and Saturday afternoons as an opon gathoring for all who appreciate tho dolights of ' hound and horn.' .' On tho lattor day thoro will always bo a stag or a 'bagman,' so that our citizens can mako sure of a gallop for just no far as thoir nogs or norves will allow thorn. Tho committee of mauagdment consists of Mr. Goo. Watson, Master ; Mr. James Hondorsoii; Treasurer ; Mr. F. D. Hamilton, Honorary Socrotary ; and Messrs. Sydnoy James and II. Bignoll; and the trysts commence noxt wook. Those gontlomon who wisli to join the olub' must bo proposed and eeoonded by mombors, and as the season will wind up with a Handicap Steoplo Chase, for horses that havo followed tho hounds not less than sixtimos, to bo onterod and ridden by mombora only, it is to be hoped that our colonial sportsmen mil show thenuolves so emulous of pig skin honours as to eagorly obtain tho entree. An addition of tho piokod hounds from tho Bendigo Hunt has already been made to tho pack, and a draft will shortly arrivo from the favourite Adolaide Konnol, bo that a capital show of ' spotted boautios ' will greet the enthuBlostio in tho art uf Vonory. Our oprrospon - dent, 'Nimrod'B Ghost,' intend, to givo n spirited ac count of all ..doings in the chaso, and we turn ovor to his Bpcolal earo all tho : »«. .,.?? ' Moving nooldonts of flood and fiold 1 ' Bad Conundrom: by Peter the Little. — When is an orso liko a man bohind hand with his tradesmen's billa? \71ion ho'a in a roar (arroar). 