aiiVfiftuvfar ru B LI S n B 15 D AI L Y. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12, iSS7. TIIE LAND ' LEAGUE, AND MINING . UPON PRIVATE,LANDS. ? A RuRcinvoivrn branch of the Victoria Land -League lias at last entered,upon actual existence, ami; may now be looked to: for grilling and assisting public opinion in the Ovens district, in maturing and expressing, clear and practical views upon the land question.. To effect this, the committee to whom the supreme direction of its affairs has been confided, must not allow them selves to lapse iiito inactivity or.su pineness. It is a prevailing character, istie of the population on most of the diggings, that they are: npatlietic on all questions ;i but- such as directly touch the occupation .which they .are .pursuing. An agitation oil.,matters 'connected, with mining, such as the water,rights, ihe size*of..claims, tlie practice of shepherding, of th&Jikej; is easy'to create,Ato foster,.and tcTlead to li succt'ssful issue. But on all political, questions, there'reigns an apathy which . is, all but criminal. Gold miners seem to forget that they are members of the body politic, directly interested * in every movement of the administrative ami the legislative machinery of the country, and to lnpse into a peculiar selfishness generated apparently by the nature of their occupation. For days they are isolated from the world at the bottom of a hole, with only their mate at the windlass. Their mental and bodily faculties are absorbed in the pursuit of the golden metal, and their ideas, unless very powerfully appealed to, rarely rise "beyond the ordinary practice of their daily labors. Picks and shovels are of more importance to them than political or social laws; long toms, cradles, and sluices claim, in their eyes, a superiority over ministers and magistrates ; while claims,, wash dirt, and gold are subjects which thrust all else into obscurity and insignificance. This is not as it should be. As mem bers of society, possessed of no small portion of acuteness, intelligence, and reason, our mining population are bound to remember that under the present system of constitutional go vernment they are one and all directly or indirectly responsible for the charac ter of the laws to be made by the colo nial Legislature, and are bound, there fore, by every tie connecting them with Victoria and its future commercial and political progress, to assist either in obstructing or totally overthrowing propositions calculated to prove detri mental, or in promoting such; mea sures as can only tend to further the' advancement of every interest in the colony^ Notwithstanding all that is and has been said of the power, social and political, of the) digging commu nitie», we fail, on closer inspection, to discover any reasons for such assertion. There exists no organisation of any kind among them. Political agitation on any question is difficult, and only to be achieved by labor-and expense, both oftime and money, before which, pru dent men, however desirous of extend ing the blessings of social .and political liberty, shrink back aghast. With this experience, we hail the establishment of a branch of the. Land League with considerable pleasure. We regard it not merely as the nucleus _ of Agitation on the one particular question which has called it into being, but ns a lever for raising discussion and inviting to decision on other political questions of the day. To assist its movement we consider to be our duty, and we shall take every opportunity of stimulating the members of the committee and the public at large into strengthening its powers of action and increasing the li mits of its uaefulncss. The programme of the Beechworth branch of the Land League is original, and not copied from that of the parent association in Melbourne. It. embodies, with two exceptions, the main prin ciples which should be adopted by the people, and made the basis of all legis lation Willi lvs: ret to ti e public lands, ii ilk mane!- that the laud:: -htsll be own to .'election, at a cost price "Hive tliil-. lings pr-r acre, ) ava1 lr in live animal imtaiuien!?, .'.nd that it shall be compul sory <1:1 e\v:y jwrcha^-r to cultivate iti the lour veais <.|ieceodin.;' the purchase, f.ui-.fi ths of the v. hole culturablc in :he lot ; that in i'uch culti vation hall consist the right o{ tcttutc, and that 110 block." ol land .shall be al lowed 10 be f-elected larger than six linn.'.red and forty actv-. _ Hivdlv, thev demiiViil that the system ot auction shall be totally xtid cutii'clv ab li-dud. This is A trend and « iibeivi basis, :«r Kgiilatkn, tioe and general support of the people. U;11 ;:s tho k'.igus to be useful must continue its operr.iions, and must hold frequent meetings on the surrounding diggings, wo must call the intention of the committee to tlic two exemptions or onissions in their programme. The first is peihnps of' less importance in compnris >11 v. ith the . second, but the priuuipft it involves is olio which should perv.iue nil popular resolutions, ami all legislation on tho question. Wc allude to the right of commonage. Oil this subject th_' committee of the league ought to submit a resolution "granting t'i all settlers whether .-is agricultural i age over a certain portion of the sur rounding unoccupied land?, until such period as they are required for fiann /Me settlement. If this right is not granted indiscriminately to nil owners of land, it will still be open to any greedy squatter, who has a run, to subject the neighboring settlers to a vartcty of inconveniences and annoy nncex too numerous and too trouble some to notice. The right of com monage must be included in the settle ment of the land question. The other omission or exception iVinde by the committee touchcs a matter more pitrichlnrly interesting to the in habitants of a mining district, and directly connected with the settlement i of the land question. It is the highly i important one of mining upon private lands, about which so much difficulty and doubt prevail. It is true that il: is proposed to be dealt with in a separate measure, anil that several bills have been proposed for the purpose of finally disposing of it. But we hold, and we think,justly so, that no land should ,be sold without a clear and unmistakable retention to the Crown or the public, whichever term suits best, of nil right .and * title'to its auriferous resources. It is of the utmost importance that the right of the Crown should be known to every purchaser ; and it is of no less importance that the mining community should not be left tothe mercy of pro prietors of land which is auriferous. .The .machinery for determining the amount of compensation to be paid to the proprietors of auriferous land, the peculiar appropriation of such land as shall be exempted from the ge neral rule; in fact, all the details of n measure opening private property to the operations of gold diggers, do not require embodimentiri the programme, of. the ..LamlsLeague ; but the main principle, the j necessity for reserv ing : the rights of the people to the auriferous ^deposits, is too obvi ously and too directly connected with it to be, wilfully overlooked. It must have been an accidental omission on the part of the committee^ which they will readily correct at a future meetiftg. The question of mining on private pro perty is, at this moment, acquiring greater prominence in the public mind. I'lie recent occurrences at Bnllaarat, the propositions on the part of the owners of the celebrated Climes, have again vivified the subject, and roused .the attention of the Ballaarat public. Who can tell how soon and where the question may not be practically ob truded on the attention of the diggers in this district? Prospecting parties are working in every direction, and the ?danger of discovering gold in paying quantities on private property is immi nent. On every ground, therefore, the committee of the Beech worth branch of the Victoriun Land League should at once ask the people of the district to assert the public claim to all auriferous deposits in the colon}-, and demand that this right be formally and expli citly acknowledged in the law for the settlement of the land question. MR. ELLIS' BENEFIT. - The success of Mr. Ellis's concerts for the million, is a great fact, and deserves to be recorded. After a brief season of prosperity, Mr. Ellis has been re- quested to announce a complimentary benefit to himself; which is to take place this evening at the Star theatre. The bill of fare displays an uuusual combination of talent, and variety of performances. Miss Hamilton, and Messrs. Coulon and Pierce have lent their services, and are to sing several of their favorite pieces. A coupleosf songs of a local charac ter are to be sung by a Mr. Hurst, who, we perceive, makes a first appearance in Beech- worth on the occasion. Mademoiselle Schlu- ter, Miss Lorette, Mr. Benner, Mr. F. Osborne, and Mr. Hammond, are all included in the programme, which is certainly a good one, and will aid not a little in drawing a bumper for the persevering manager. BALL AND Surpzn AT Was Fouktain OF FiUK^naaip. - Our old friend Mr Tidy man announces u grand torpBichorean entertain ment, to bo followed by a'supper, thia even ing, to which he invites all tho residents of Spiing Greek aud tho vicinity. ' MrTidytnan has too tnauy friends and acquaintances in tho district, to require further inducement to attend tho ball than its mere announcement, and wo feel sure that Ids place willbo crowded. A MAN BITTEN nr A .Monke^-A couple of days ago, a milkman living about u mile and a half but of the town, oa the road to tho Black JSpriugs, was bevoreiy bitten by a! largo baboon, which-ho luul fouud some time pre viously. The auinial wui chained in tho yar 1, and the prop^tor was puUing "carrots from the eurth clorio by his kennel, wheu the baboon euraged, it is supposed, at 'being oileied only the tops, suddenly sprang upon him, Seized him by the. arua, .which vraa im mediately bitten'through in-several places, before tho milkman could V defend himself from the unexpected attack ; of tho ferocious .biutb. He also received several severe biteR on tho hand and one side of; the face. Ulti mately, however, ho succeodod in mastering hid ubgivilaut, who speedily gave up the ghost under tho retaliatory beating ho bo justly deserved. One of tho arteries of the arm was opened by tho monkey's teeth, and but for prompt sut£ical assistance, the uian might have bled to death, YACUANDANDAH LOCAL Count HKGULA Ti'jifs.-The Government Gazette of the 10th umt.} ;iuhliRheB Uis Excellency tho Gover nyr's sanction to tho following rules paused by thu Local Court at YaehundumUh: XVI. Hill or surface claims,-The ex ton t of hill or surface claims shall bo live yard* frontage to the creek by one hundred and hiity }urds back. No claim to be grauu-d exceeding forty yards frontage to the cu ok by o;>o hundred and sbvt/yurdii back. Xu tailings fihall be allowed to lion* into thy h d (if the creek. Puvti*'.-, working hill urban]: olaii s shall urect dann or embankment; sutixianly huth and strong to hold thriv t.oS in^ , and jihn.-o s\ Hhiiix- fair or bv* in '-aid dam or eiiil.'.iiilinu.'j.t in ^urh a manner thai j the"- . hi'.H h ; nine iuehe.-i «'t" dead uat r j behind n at all time.:. 1 XVI/. lYot-.eti' u for hluh'iny c;ain:-iduiing I failui J vi v. at-jr.- riaimh^hUra who may hu . \utuU« to tvvrk iuii Juicing claim* Iroui Ccilur* | *r Ik* usual wnAs t* «*** fcUab, protection for thoir rights for auy period not exceeding one month on making written application to the wnvdon. And it shall be competent for tho v.avtleri to extend euo"h protection from time It) time at hia discre tion, or to withdraw iV on giving forty-cigh« hours* written notiro t-»thu responsible party, provided that one man having a minora right is daily in attendance on auy claim ao held in W-SenW . . ' XVIII, Permission to ^hcdff^in*,*relferve flooded claims.-When at liny* timo ;climnl: which arc being worked slwll bcoome iin,?J workable in conseqaonooof floods cr from oxcc*s of drainage water; it shall bo com-, potent for the warden' upon wrilton application from any elnimholdcrs affootedby such flood or excess of drain ago water to suspend, by written sanction, tho "working of such claim for a period not rxcoediug ,ono month, and to extend such sanction from time, to time at his discretion J provided that no injury bi5 done to adjoining chimholders, and that ono man having a miner's right is daily in attend ance upon auch claim. A registration of all such sanctions to bo kept by*the wardon. THE Bucrlakd Escoht.-A great deal of correspondence has taken place, roapeotiu^ several accounts published in this journal some three or four weeks ago, in which tho prosperity of tho Auckland diggings was pic.ured, in what were said to be' too glowing terms, The- escort which arrived from tho Buckland yesterday,-.. brought do^vn nearly sis hundred and eighty dunces of gold. Tho last brought rather more; than eight hundred ounces. Now the whole population there is known to consist of about three hundred and fifty Europeans, and sis hundred Chinese. Of tho Celestials, however, two hundred ar rived there within the last week, and must not bo takon into consideration; and as nearly a third of the remaining uumber must bo de ducted for women, children, storekeeper?, and mechanics, not digging, wo obtain for the digging population of the Buckland, a sum total of fivo hundred.- And ns in addition to tho escort* about two hundred ounces of gold aro forwarded fortnightly by private hand, wo have an average of about £3 10s. per,man Hut tho Celestials are known to be' earning not more than £2 per man per week, and tho averago for the Europeans is raised to nearly £Q per week, which is a very fair averago in doea, . THE HOSPITAL.-Accidentally in tho neigh bourhood of the hospital, we took advantage' yesterday of the opportunity to visit the in terior.. Naturally much was not in order. Time has yet beou too short since it was opened for tho receptioh of patients to sub ject all the internal arrangements to that rule aud method which aro necessary, for tho good government of the institution, as well oa for tho advantago- of those who are. unfor tunatoiy driven to seek nssietauco within its walls. But however incomplete as a a whole, in each separate division of the arrangements, the necessary work *s being done, and in a very short time the whole Will, we doubt not, be in working order. The patients, of whom there uroalready fifteen or sixteen in the two wards, [express themselves very highly of the care and; attention paid to them. One of them is, however, hardly able to spoak, from, the effects of un accident 011 tho racecourse TIub unfortunato man, whose name is Wil liamson, was thrown from his horae on the first day, and has been very ill indeed ov.er since, and wo understand that but slight hopes are entcrtaiued of his ultimata re covery. "The opening of tho hospital is a blessing to all tho present iumatcs, who aro warm in their.praises of the kind andgenerous aid , which erected and opened it to them. 