ANOTHER COLLISION WITH THE CHINESE. We find tho following in the Miner's Right : — On Wednesday afternoon, another disturbance occurred on Campbell's Flat, between an Englishman and Chinaman, which at one time promised to ter minate in a general fight among tho whole mass of diggers at work in the locality referred to. The Euro pean miner had erected his windlass over a shaft to which the Celestials laid claim, whether justly or not, I am unable to state ; eventually, the, latter threw tho apparatus down, and a violent dispute followed be tween the parties ; words were succeeded by blows, during which the Chinaman wa3 severely beaten by his opponent ; the victor then left tho scene of contest, and went down the road, followed by his opponent and an immense body of his countrymen ; noticing this, and fearing that the Celestials were about to make a combined onslaught upon the successful combatant, a considerable number of the Europeans advanced to support the weaker party ; at this momenta serious row appeared inevitable, three or four hundred Chinese, ana pernaps a nunarea iLiigusumen, as a was luiorineu, wei-o collected on the edge of the creek, whero the banks are about eight or ten fast high, gesticulating and jabbering with a vigor worthy of our municipal council, in one of its happiest moods ; in tho midst of this universal hubbub, a succession of splashes was heard in tho water, arising from as many celestials, who had been thus unexpectedly compelled to take a bath in tho s'iream ; tho ducking received by theso de voted individuals, who were forced to leap into the gulf, Quintus Curtius fashion, for the benefit of tho crowd, appeared to have a trauquilising effect upon the nerves of the belligerents, for they soon after shouldered then- picks and shovels, and marched back again to the ' tented field' of labor, a? if nothing had happened to excite their pugnacious propensities. Inspector Nicholson, of the detective police, has been promoted to the rank of superintendent, a step which ho lias well earned by his activity and intelli genco. We believe it is not at piesent intended to appoint an inspector, and Mr Nicholson will, under his new designation, continue in charge of the Mel bourne corps. A second meeting was held at Richmond last Thurs day, for tho purpose, as stated in the placard, 'of taking into consideration a plan to form tho railways of Victoria so as to prevent tho moneyed interest from swamping tho energies of the colony by their bale faced attempts to incur a national debt of £8,000,000.' Tho meeting was addressed by Messrs. Hill, Cutter, R. Woolley, Batten, and other genlldmon ; aud a pe tition to the Legislative Assembly was adopted, pray ing the Houso to refuse its sauction to the Govern ment scheme, a3 one that could only result in national bankruptcy, and recommending a plan proposed by Mr Hill for raising the funds by the establishment of a National Bank, 'the issuo department to bo em powered to issue notes to the amount say of two mil lions and a half sterling, based upon tho credit of tho country (without tne government Having to pay in terest thereon,) to bo spent by a vote of the Assembly on railways, which if they only yielded six per cent, profit, would provide . the means of securing the pay ment of tho interest on a loan of similar amount.' Summery Visitors. — The warm weather, for the past few days, has had a wonderful effect upon vege tation. Garden produce has advanced wonderfully. Tho embryo cereals havo thickened, grown rank, and darkened their hue ; whilst the modest and unas suming wild flowers put forth day by day, their bright and variegated colors. How different is this month to that of '53 ? The cutting down of the trees, tho collec tion of water in the thousands of diggers' reservoirs, and the spread of the native grasses, have had their ofTW Mmnrrlnir tlifi fnno nf nntni-n lint is not all that the fecundating heat has produced ; our blessings never como without alloy ; and now come untold myriads of winged insects, some with, and some without shapes, and any quantity of those slimy articulations that make one crawl all over — the Austra lian nightingale (bull-frog,) fills tho night with its melodies ; but by the ghost of Homer's pig, there is * nothing that beats the snakes. I was walking over a range, and came within an ace of Btepping on a Snake, basking in the sun. I bolted, and the way I put a little bit of tele graph between her and mo, was a caution. I say her, because nothing but a feminine could face a fellow that way, I finally went back to kill it but it was gone. I advise all crossing tho Rocky Ranges to go armed with a big stick. A while ago, a man heard something under his bed at night, and as the noise made was peculiar, he got up out of curiosity to see what it was, and found a tremendous snake talcing an inventory of ni3 ettects. -tie icinea it, due ever since, an tne females in the neighborhood have had the figets, and the man's wife dares not put her hand about in the night for fear of getting it on a snake. If the old ad versary -of mankind would only appear in his true form, I would bet ten to ono that lio would not bo over-run, as ho is at present, with so much business. Perhaps it i3 not generally known that snakes frequent habitations iu search of mice ; a mouse being as great a luxury to a snake, as mutton tallow to an Esquimaux, or bitter ale to a gold commissioner. A good cat is tho greatest safeguard against reptiles. — Correspondent of Miner's Right. A Skylark on the Diggings. — Like most singers, he kept them waiting a bit. But at last, just at noon, when the mistress of the house had warranted him to sing, the little feathered exile began as it were to tune the p'.pe3. The savage men gathered round the cage that morning, and amid the dead stillness the bird uttered somo very uncertain chirp3, but after a while he seemed to re/ive his memories, and call his ancient cadences back to liiin ono by one, and string them solte voce, and then the same sun that had warmed his little heart at home came glowing down on hira here, and he gave music back for it more and more, till at last, amidst breathless silonce and glistening eyes of the rough diggers, hanging on his voice, out burst in that distant laud his English song. It swelled his little throat, and gushed from him with thrilling force and power, and overy time he checked his song to think of its theme, the green meadows, the quiet stealing streams, the clover he first soared from, and the strain he sang so well, a loud sigh from many a rough bosom, many a wild and withered hear, told how tight tho lis teners had held their breath to hear him ; and when lis Ewelled with sonrr amin and noured with all his soul the green meadows, the quiet brooks, the honey clover, and the English spring, the rugged mouths opened and so staved, and the shaggy lips trembled, and more than one drop trickled from fierce unbridled hearts, down bronzed and rugged cheeks — Dnlce Domum — and these shaggy men, full of oaths and strife and cupidity had once been white-headed boys, and had strolled about the English fields, with littlo sisters and little brothers, and seen the lark rise aud heard him sing this very song. The little play mates lay in the chureh-yard, and they were full of oaths, and drink, and lusts, and remorses, but no note was changed in this immortal song. And so, for a moment or two, years of vice rolled away like a dark cloud, from the memory, and the past shone out in th? song, and now they come back, bright as the immortal notes that lighted them, those faded pictures aud those fleeted days, the cottage, tbe old mother's tears when he lafr. her without one grain of sorrow, the village church and its simple cbime3, the clover field hard by in which he lay and gambolled while the lark praised God over head, the chubby playmates that were grown to be wicked, the sweet hours of youth and innocence and home. — From Never too la'.e to Mend, 