CARLINGFORD BAY. "With ample room for yard and boom, For bumpkin spar or spanker, And ground to hold the iron-wold Of the heaviest triple banker!" That Bay--with its trembling waves-- In the lap of the mountains hoar And its sweeping swell, that proudly laves Killowen's classic shore. II. As a wandering bird will fly To the home of its nightly rest; So the Exile's happy dream-lands lie In the home of Erin's breast. III. And, that bay, in the noon of night, And the towering peaks of Mourne, To the dreamer's eye-of-soul are bright As the sunniest scenes of morn! IV. Fair harbour! whom England's pride Safe moored--as the seaman knows Could, at double, or single anchor, ride Through the heaviest gale that blows. V. Full many a shadowy lay-- Like the mist on great Bennian's* brow-- Still flits, in the light of that glorious bay, As the foam o'er a shallop's prow. VI. Time's pearls lie on its shore; Dark legends of Nial Caill-- Of Castles--Forts--and that Pass+ of yore, That guarded the English-pale. VII. The battle of Cair-linn-joird,++ Base Cecil, and fierce Mountjoy § Or of treachery's wiles at their festal board Defeating the Clan-Aodh-Buidh. || VIII. Greencastle's¶ seawashed wall; Killbroney's** ivied cells! Each olden name, on our memories fall As a chime of fairy bells. IX. Bright ringlets are changed to gray, And the eyes gleam dim and cold; But the heart, like a wave of that beautiful bay, The heart can never grow old! X. And a valley 'mongst mountains wild, Where oaks and sycamores grow, Is mirror'd to age, as when loved by the child-- In the morning of long ago. E. H. D. Mulla Villa, Wollombi. * Slieve Bennin, a rugged, and at many points a precipitous mountain, stretching along the south side of Carlingford Bay, on a sheltered slope at its base. Within and around the present town are the remains of ancient castles, towers, and monastic build- ings, the vestiges of De Bourgh's Fort, were lately traceable, and the stupendous walls of King John's castle, 11 feet thick up to the turrets, were in 1837, rich and redolent in the blooms of wall- flower and sea-pink. St. Benin or Benignus, who, according to Usher, succeeded St. Patric in the see of Armagh, died in a mo- nastery, founded by him at Carlingford, A.D. 486; the Slieve (that is, mountain), doubtless had its name in memory of him, as Slieve Donnard (an immense cone, highest of the Mourne mountains, north-east of the bay) is so called, from a pious anchorite, who built a tower near the top. St. Donnard's chapel is still visited as a place of pilgrimage. \+ This Pass, on the borders of Argoil, a frontier county of the Pale was the scene of many hot and bloody conflicts. Moryson tells that the "Lord Deputy Mountjoy, when in Newry, on his way to the Pale, proclaimed a reward of £2000 for the capture of Oniall, and then marched by the way of Hathorn; but at the Pass of Carlingford Oniall was on him again and a battle ensued, where Sir H. Danvers, Mountjoy, and many other officers were severely wounded, and after heavy loss, the English fled to Dundalk." ++ Cair-Linn-joird is literally the "rocky pass by a narrow water." § Charles Blount, Baron Mountjoy. || Clan-Aodh-Buidh, relatives and retainers of Hugh-the-yellow. ¶ Green Castle, one of many fortresses built by De Courey; it was bestowed with the earldom of Ulster by King John, on Hugh De Lacy. ** Killbroney was an Abbey renowed for learning and piety in the earliest age of the Irish Church. Its original founder is said to be Tarlath, Bishop of Armagh, the son of a pagan prince, of Mourne. The ruins embrace a considerable space; the walls are massive and covered with ivy; large trees, also, have sprung up and grown old in the inner chambers of the sacred edifice. Within the present century, a wintry storm of snow, followed by a tempestuous gale, solved a mystery which the tradition of ages connected with Killbroney; the story was--that a monk had neg- lected to toll the bell to call the brotherhood to prayers when a ship in the bay was sinking, and that "the Abbot put the penance on him for a thousand years, that in every storm, if the wind was north, he must arise from his grave to toll a bell." And it was true that during many a high wind the solemn tone of a bell had mingled with the rush of the tempest. Some averred it sounded from the ground; others had "heard it come down the road;" while those of cooler judgment believed, that if the sound ever had been heard, it must have been that of a ship's bell, borne on the echoes of the hills. The simple peasant of the mountain, or the fishermen of the hamlet, when the wonder was spoken of, piously invoked a blessing, and silently prayed "for all Christian souls perishing at sea." The so long unseen and unsearchable cause was, however, left visible to all eyes; branches of an ash tree, intertwining with the ivy, had penetrated into crevices of the eastern gable, and when bent down by weight of snow, had borne away from the top the stone facing of a secret niche containing the "Ghost's Bell." Mulla Villa, Wollombi. E. H. D. 