PARISIAN GOSSIP. (From tl* Correspondent of the New YorK Tribune.) { .<\--.' '-v. ?.??-.-.>?"?? " Paris;"September 17,1867. ¡The ^weather > now justifies that French arrangemei by which the summer, inatead of ending, as in ov ulnianaos, .wilh the Slut of August, goes on to the equ nöx. ..To-day I sit coatíes», with wiodowsjopon and blind olosod, and. yet,find the ripe, soft air almost too warn Out in tho country, they say, the vintages aro airead commenced, ten dajB and a fortnight earlier than usua Let. nioe-palated diners-out and dinner-givors,-hero after,' not forget the year, as wine doalers and label prie 'tera will surely not forgot it. No suoh bibble bas bee: vinted as that of 1807 sinoo 1810, hardly sinoe 1811 Tho town remains orphaned of its wealth and fashior still lingering at watering plaoes and seaside resorts-a Baden Baden, whiah has become as it were tho Faubour, of Paris, with Fronoh plays arid Frenoli operas, repre sooted by firat olass Parisian aotors and singers ; or a Dieppe, which is almost equally crowded, or at som< one of the hundred other homo nnd foreign springs one baths. The " opening of tho abase " also keeps or drawl many out of town, and the papers abound with reporti of fatal acoidonts, as is tho annual oase at this season friends1 shooting eaah other when they bunt In oonplos 'and solitary Nimrods shooting themselves, while, tl» rabits and partridges saud away soathlesa, langhing ir their paws and under their wings. But the Frenoh thc Parisian French, like a brave people as they aro, neyei let the groat danger they ¡ocarín boating and hunting koop them baok from thoso favourite pursnitB. ' However, tho town ia not empty. This is a sort ol vaoatlon season, and provincials swarm up to Paris to fill the plaoes on tho promanados, in tho publia gardons and galleries, and in tho theatros doserted by hoi oitizons. And the thoatro directors aro beginning ta exert themselves and bring out thoir now plooos. Among tho moBt curious of those is Le Roi Lear, nightly maltreated in tho Cirque by his oruol daughters and two French translators and tho actors, oxoiting often tho laughter instead of tho sympathy of tho spectators. The whole affair must sadly vox his royal ghost, and doubt- less nothing but tho faot of IIÍB hoing an old fogy ghost, some thousands of years bohiad tho modern improve, monts of " young spirltdom " prevents him from rapping out his displeasure. Bouvlero, whoso personation of Hamlet, of whioh I lately spolco, WBB, with a fuw marring defeots, a very mastorpiaoo of histrionic art, prosonted little moro than tho insanity of toar. Thora wore, in- deed, in that rospoot points of wonderful power and truthfulness in his coting, but they wore very imper- fectly appreciated by tho majority of tho nudionoo. Tho translators had mado an honest painstaking version of tho larger part of tba drama, in tho prosiest stylo, omitting soma fina passages entire, and omitting protty muon all tho pootry of tho rest. Tho twolvo tabloaux ratbor Ano and showy, with no striking fitness to tho play-had quito a sacoess with tho audionoo, who did not oomnrehond and hardly toloratod tho text. Tho remarks of the Monday morning critics, sug- gested by the above performance, while they in ' aovo ral inBtanoes betray a tolerable familiarity with, and a sincero admiration of Shakespeare's works, laclada a number, of I inJ>SIJmo¡ÍM>l«n<1e" wbieta a Frenchman, Jet bim ba 1 «ra so ardent a romanticist, ii abbot ai aura to~coramit wben apetkiog -et tbe great English dramatist, a», let ; bim ba erar so ardent a liberal, ba ia «ben speaking ot .'the-American ,Coaatitntion and. history. Thus Jules Janin, the dean of dramatie orillo», confound«. Kent and the Fool ; another eritio and dramatist of considerable noto makes Lear "ono of tbe most powerful kings of Christendom ; another persists, as even learned academi ; elans had permuted in calling Shakespeare tho " Old Williams." So M. Gaillardet, notwithstanding his intel- ligence and his long résidence in the United States, oommits analogous blunders with an astonishing coolness in his frequent, and ofton quite able articles on Ameri- can manners ami institutions, published in the Pr ewe;. Only n week ago,'he spoke of " Colonel Benedict " fls'-a' celebrated traitor »o'the causo of independence daring' our revolutionary struggle, «nd makes.the Hartford con-, venlion an organised resistunee-to the revolution by:the largo; Tory party at. thntj limo existing inr, Connecticut.', The'only comf'îrt wo'ÉnsliÉili.nnd AuiericmÍH .have, in'; view of 8uoh caseB,; i's .thatJvo_ foll into en'ors equally, ar. toniabiiig. to tho Frenoh^rejjirding their Hteratare, maa-. ners, and politico. ' ._. J . 1 -. V To return -to the,- Shakespeare feuil.Iotons. He'd is onq,.which,though" written in a "bantering tone¿- jviil appear to-'suoh Of your renders né'can; understand?,, and, for the moment, taita tho.Frenchman's point of view.-not' without ifs prains . of pood .sprisp.' At "'any'rate, ir.is; amusing enough to be quoted in paît: « Notw instancing the noteworthy ., essays.^ of the romantic school, end , although Shakespeare, made familiar to us by exoellent translations (I),', is no longer regarded as-a ' drunken savage,' as-they .used to say-in -Voltaire's time, it must BÜll /be^ r admit tod that the Frenoh.- public is not yet aoónstoraéU tb thesis groat ' machines .of fit ty 'melodrama' arid three hundred vaudeville'power. ' For my own part, 'though I wpre'to- bi« stoned to death by I ha non ti (Ts of a certain church, I -' am not afraid to' confess my., opinion and to declare boldly; that I prefer, our '.Sito Goriot' to tlie ' King. Laar', of our friends aoross tho. .Channel; . Pèie'Goriot' is rnoch moro true.'renl'antf human than ' King Lear.' - As for that horrid Began and'that abomin- able Goneril, they" are not worthy to unlace- the boots of .'¡Mme. do Nuciogpn arid Mmo. de Bostoud. The, two Parisian, women are monsters, .but , charming monsters. The Princesses, too, are monsters, but hide'ouB,'repulsive mons.torsV No sooner has the King/their father, married them and given them : their dowry, than they are, pos- sessed with the- Axed idea of killing tim old man, and then killing each other. The husbands are. low scoun- drels, woll matched witlrthéir, worse bal ves.'. Cordelia, th« third' daughter, plays the'' tame,-','useless'' part of Cinderella/ : . . " The ' plot is complicated by the .villáioies. praoticed by, ono Edmond Crt in against ; his brother Abel Edgard, both children of u certain Duke of Gloster, whose eyes are. put out with, superfluous atrocity, for he shows himself at' the outset of the piny to bo ono of the blindest .of irien and dukos'.fl 'At the' denouement of . tho piece, *U the personages aror dead, except King Lear, who lacks, little of it. These die by the sword, those ,by the battle-axe, ono by p>club,afourlh by the dagger, and several by' poison'; tho' rest are strangled."' Let tho devotees'bf Shakespeare read and ponder Balzac's .masterly study of the paternal passion nB carefully as tbey do King Lear, before they utterly , condemn this laughing heretic. >; - - " . Bat this is not the end of Shakespeare- in Paris this year. An Italian actor is, performing in'.Othello this week with the enthusiastic approval of that surest bf all oriiicB, a crowded boase. I have not had tbe pleasure of seeing Signor Salvini in that.part,hut judging from what . I have seen'of bina in others and from what, spectators' tell rae, I conclude that , his personation rises as near to the hight of Shakespeare'-! imagination as any aotor ever did to that author. Alfred' de ;Vigny*s : version of'the Moor, of, Venice', celebrated at the time of its first appear ance,'in 1830, as an event in the war of Bomanticists against Clussicist», so fiercely waged in those days, ia to be resumed nt' the Franç.iis during the' winter; a nfl some sott bf n Borneo and Juliette is in rehearsal at thc Odeon.. Meanwhile. they are performing nt this; last natntd lli.iatro another drama of foreign .origin,-a versi- - fled Imitation of Schiller^ Cabale und Liebe, under the title of Louisa Miller. ThU drama seems to bo a greaV favourite with the Frenoh, more orless close translations nf it, one of them by Alexandre Dumas, having boen formerly produced nn the Parisian stage; there is besides, the libretto of Verdi's Luisa Miller sung and recited jot the Italiens. " , And aoropo? : that solemn, event, the opening of tl Italian Opera season, whian, beyond anything else whiub pe->plo ire slightly interested, enjoys theprivilej oftest for waste talk-und newspaper writing In tl capitals of all civilisoJ enmmunitfod, taltra plaoe in th town at eiglit o'ulook in' the evening of the 1st of ne: Ouiobsr. Mario,- Orisi, Al noni, Staffanono, and othi celebrities tn E and I, thu high priests and priestess* of this dilettanti idolatry, ara paraded in largo capitals c i tbe walls of the temple in thu ptaoe. Yentadour. Har receives 10,000 francs per month; the season is to la I seven months; that i-t ona hundred and flvo thóusan fr mos or 21,000, dollars for Ottering his notes som j aix'y nights. 'Then te oap tho climax, Lu M ache, whoi I interreJ in a funner lotter, forbidden by his physicist to fulfill his engagement at St. Petersburg, and just no seeking health from the soft Italian air-tablacho ttl Great, whose death ano would say must leave a hole i the, world, may possibly be able to Mng tbreo or fou timex,. And. it is also rumoured, a new composition h Rossini, which, if Anything, is probably a revision of on of his ëoveral earlier oporas, never performed at Pari! and scarcely known to the present opera-going world, i to bo brought- out. The -following little morsel c atatistios may be relished ? The composera whose musi has been oftenest performed . at the Italiens sineo 181C areRoussini, whose different works hovo been played ther 337 times ; Verdi's 141 ; Donizetti's 132; and Bellini' 107 timeB. ? Meyerbeer surpasses them at tho Frond : Opera with 30(5 performances of his Huguenots and 21i of his Prophète. , This composer's annually heralded Africaine ii announced ; as it bas been any time the laBt three years tobe' brought out next season. It is said that he ha: recently really sold the MS. to the Grand Opera.' Thi cause.of its delay to appear before the public is supposée |,to be the want of that rarest gift of God to man, a sounc I tenor, voice of sufficient pulmonía powers. A tenor equal to the requirements of tho modern opera, ÍB ai raro a phenomenon as a comt or a good country tavern And when ono is vouchsafed to our ears, ho can rarely " save his cheat," in hiv nightly five hours' struggle against the waves of harmony surging over him from thc orchestra, for moro than five or six years. If he oomei to something nearer deification than other mortals, and gets higher wages for his service than poets, statesmen or sainte, he gains his fortuno and short-lived glories at a complote sacrifice of himsolf as tonor, and doservet much indulgence for his arrogance of capitals and salary, *. The tenor," B3 Mcry wittily soys, "is the modern Pan Under the oiroumstanoos in which the music of the da] has placed the tenor, his emoting demands seem to me quite just. We do not go now-a-days to the circus tc Bee a gladiator fight with a tiger, hut to, applaud a tenoi struggling with a note raised a thousand feet above s human throat. The tenor is the gladiator ; the noto IE tho tiger. After five years passed in the oirous, thc gladiator-the tenor, I mean-utters bis last cry, and dies o , martyr ;' ho - is killed . by the orchestra; - thc composer and the publio; and tho Attomoy-Gcnoral does not ' recognise it as his duty to interfere, and proseoute the guilty. Why, then, quarrel with a tonor, that rara avis, if, knowing the brevity of his lifo, he putd forth all his efforts to aoquire a fortuno in five years, so as to live honorably as a silent citizen when he is dead ns a singer ?" Meanwhile, Auber's Cheval de Bronze, which was written and performed more than twenty years ago as n oomio opera, . is in rehearsal at the Grand Opera, tho dialogue changed into recitative, and now.musio added, A similar, operation was successfully performed on FM Dlavolo, with an Italian libretto, in London last year. Meyerbeer has also completed a oomio opera, which cannot bo represented at present, owing to an agreomont he made some timo ago with Seribe, the distinguished dra- matist and librettist, that ho would have no work per formed at Paris until after tho appearance of tho nbovo end frequently boforo montionod Afrionino. And M. Soribe holds bira to his bargain, with all tho more tenaoity that ho has rcoontly had a lawsuit with the managor of Opera Comiquo, to forco tho lattor to put on tho stago a posthumous work of Adam, for whioh Saribo wrote tho words. Tho Court has dcoidod that Adam's notes and Soribo'B words must bo rehearsed and said and sung, or else manager Perrin must pay hoavydamagos,' although Manager doolarea that tho publio won't hear them, and adds that the public will show their - taBto " by thoir rofusal. Thora is no olass of mon in Paris who glvo mora oaoupation to lawyors and Courts of JuBtioo than thoatro managers, dramatia authors and actors. Spooking of tonors, and the honours that do befall' thom, his Holiness tho Pope, Pius IX., has lately made Antonio Peggi and Domenico Donizolli, tonors both on tho Italian thoatres, knights of tho order of Saint Sylvos ter; and yet theso Europeans laugh ovor thoinnptnoBS of honorary demonstrations in favour of sweet singorä by Now Yorlt firemen I Raohol is going to pass tho early autumn and winter at Cannes, olroady oelobratod for ita mild elimata, olives and auohovloB, tho landing of Napoleon on arriving'from Elba, and for having an estate of Lord Brougham ia tho neighbourhood. 1 :' Rlstorl hos gone to Spain where tho has an ongagé. ment for two months, at Madrid and Baroolona. Woila such Paralan a si hare testai and jurat ? to bear lt TíáVá~beÍMÍ"' goÍti$""lñCé\jt~to ' Rayonne to" "ajea-* tba bullfight! tuen .under!- tba - patranage of tba gentle Empress-and really good and gratia that lady ia, dei- plte bull-light-a novel ipeetaole feebly aim« ulatiog that «ort oftntertainment, which my Irish friend calls a feminine bull-fights, baa pleasantly excited tba less robust nerves of numerous'spectators at tba Parisian Hippodrome. The Parisian Hippodrome which, by tho way, or rather, ont of the woy geographic cally, is not in Prtrís,'hut some turee quarters of a mila beyond the Barriere de l'Etoil, and which, still further out' of the woy etymologically,- is not just:.-nov ? Hippodrome, but aBovidrome- thisinstitution'is, I say, as you probably know, a great out-o'-door summer,circus. The performers in the now specatle', ore, first, BÍX-.thin sided, high,- clcnn-lcgRed, long and sharp-homed, jnÍ5chio.vona:loolci.og jcpws,- as ^ogile >a'" deer;.thpn, aa j in any muscular, agile' men,, dressed^in! sri.ug-.fitting raiment, each 'wearing/ like' jookeyB 'at a horse-race, a 'distinctive colour. The1 performances, which aro really ! vary . curious toy see, ...consist in 'tho very, vigorous and all bm,successful attempts-, of the cowra to gore the men, who' provoke the contest and make hair-breadth, esoapes .with - an .altogether -marvellous elusive vi vabiry. and ' alertness. Now they let. tbv'ir four-legge I : assailant como full drive to within a i few .indies of them, and 'maka a clean leap over her lengthwise from bead to-tail; again-, afcrtbu ytty last Fa'e half-'second, tho drop "to tha groand.'aVi'd over'thf m dashes the-eowi strangely enough, 'without!, harming ' th«ih'. -Now'1 and- then a jacket ia ripped up'br'n cop 'grazed by -'one' ot the sharp horns, but no- graver,accident occurs. The. most interesting part of all, is to observe the look and posture of tho cow, sb seemingly .fulr of deep thptiglit. and quick, cunning as she waifs ot 'ffrat-calculating -'tbe direction'' and obj cte t nf ber attack. Tho whole subjsot is respectfully recommended-to> the-'speculative consideration ©f Bar- num; or other'enterprising fellow-oitizens-of the managing and! importing class. Tho performers, bipedr and quadruped; are from tbe- Landecs, a department in south, western Trance;-.,.'.. . .-',. ??? .. . . .' "i. ' 