THE DINNER "TO THE COVERS AT SANDHURST? Vmmit <n 'the dinner in honor of ft of Governor came off on Saturday evening, at the Shamrock i Hold. The noble Concert Hall, which is cor j family one of the finest rooms in the colony I was tastefully decorated with flags of all nations ; it was well lighted, and the tables were handsomely laid. Everything was good in its way, the wines especially so. The only r failure was in the attendance, for instead of the two hundred gentlemen who were ex. I reeled ter do honor to his Excellency and to themselves upon this interesting occasion, not more than half that number were present, At the commencement of the dinner there was therefore, an uncomfortable feeling prevail! iii that, on this the first visit of the Go vernor of the colony, from whose presence amongst us so much benefit may be expected ultimately to accrue to every us. Interest in the town, soon an amount of ' apathy should have been exhibited by the great majority of the mercantile classes. 1 to the evening wore on, however, this is pleasant subject was dismissed from the minds of those present, and, notwithstanding the ghost-like intervals at every table, the dinnerwentoffwithunflaggingBpirit. Those who were not present sustained a loss; and those who were had a delightful evening, which they will long look back upon with satisfaction. At about eight o'clock p.m. his Excellency's carriage drove up to the private entrance of the Shamrock Hotel, and, on his alighting he was received by Captain O'Hara's Company of the 40th Regt., which presented arms. His Excellency ascended in the first instance to the drawing-room, and in a few minutes after wards entered the dining-hall, amidst the ti ears of those present. Mr. Sullivan, the Chairman of the Municipality, occupied the chair; his Excellency occupying the post of honor on the right hand of the chairman. In responding to the toast of the evening, his Excellency said: Mr. Chairman said the gentlemen, in rising to acknowledge the compliment which you have paid me in drinking my health, I assure you that Tam deeply sen- table of the kindness and cordiality with which that toast has been received. Not withstanding the fluttering eulogium which The chairman has been pleased to pass upon my conduct in other Governments, I am not in vain as to attribute the mark of your attention in entertaining me to night, or the genial warmth of my reception upon the Bin digo gold fields, to any merit of my own. I have been too short a time when, I am too little known to most of you amidst the anxieties attending the initiation of the system of constitutional government, I have been prevented from becoming more generally known and I feel that the compliment you have paid me is due rather to your own royalty than to my deserts. At the Ban of time I feel deeply the attention and cordiality which has been offered to one who Ima that honor to represent the Sovereign in this coun- . try, and I rejoice to think that there are many ? grounds and many reasons why the host possible understanding should exist between the Government and the people. The political progress of Victoria during the past few years is even more wonderful than its progress in material wealth and prosperity. Three years have passed since my predecessor, Sir Charles Hotham, visited this city, and what great el either t nave occurred since then-what great advantages have accrued, not only to Sandhurst but also to society and the colony at' Mr age, by these changes? (Loud cheers.) In three years Victoria has emerged from youth to manhood, and, as a necessary consequence of manhood, the colony has acquired a right to manage its own affairs. (Prolonged' cheers inf.'.) The first of the improvements effected in the political condition of the country has be in the introduction of the New Constitution, which gives the right of self-government and mean that Constitution the miners of Bendigo Die no longer represented, as under the old system, but can now elect their own representative e. (Cheers.) It may be that there are in perfection in that constitution (cheers is probable that the mining interest is not adequately represented in the Legislature (hear, and loud cheers) ; but it was impossible to foresee the rapid extent of that interest in the country, when the new Constitution was framed. It would have required a great deal of eh i II on the part of any constitution monger to provide representation for Ararat; for instance ; but these anomalies and drawbacks in the new system will be corrected and compensated in a legitimate manner, and in a short space of time. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) As on gas the improvements of the lost three years there are none more striking than those which have followed the establishment of Municipalities, the concession of the boon of self-government the condition of the roads and pathways of Sandhurst are the strongest proofs of the advantages of that system under which so much has been effected within so short a space of time and I feel confident that that system will work to theadvautagoof allia erected in the prosperity of Sandhurst (Loud cheers.) It was said of one of the Roman Emperors that he found Rome brick and left it marble, and so might it he said of the Chairman of the Municipality that he found Sandhurst canvas and left it Stone. Loud cheers.) Great as has been the advance LB do by Sandhurst during the last three years in material prosperity, it is nothing compared with the advance which Sandhurst will make when the trade to the Murray In played by the, completion of the railway from Melbourne. When the great line of communication between Melbourne and the Murray is formed there will be no limit to the future importance of Sandhurst and she pCEf-eBECB this great advantage not enjoyed by some of her neighbors and rivals, that she cannot be omitted from that great centre! line (loud and prolonged cheers), and what ever may have occurred, it was never pro posed that the line of railway should leave out Bendigo. (Loud cheers) I may mention as another advantage, the introduction of the principle of representative institutions on the gold-fields, by which the miners are permitted to have a voice in the making of regulations suited to their occupation. There may to some difference in opinion as to how far the powers should be exercised, but certainly after what I have witnessed to-day of the energy, perseverance, and industry of the quartz miners of Bendigo, I must say that their future prosperity stand upon the most substantial basis. (Loud cheers.) The alluvial workings, under a better system of co-operative labor and new regulations, will be a source of wealth to the district for many years to come, and th quartz miner possesses in the quartz reefs at inexhaustible treasure. (Loud cheers.) A the hour is so late, I will not detain you longer, but beg to assure you, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, that I shall ever retain a lively recollection of my visit to this town and the district of Bendigo.- Courier of a Mines. _ 