SELECT PICKINGS.. CURIOUS EVCTS.-Tho number of languages spokon in thc woiM amount tn 3(>G4. The inhabitants of thc globo profess moro than 100Ü diff-ri-nt religions. ' Tho nvcrago of human life is about 23 years Ono quarter die' pic viousto tho ago of seven years; ono half before leaching seventeen; and thoso. who pass that age enjoy a felic'ty refused to one half tho human species. Of every 100Ö persons only ono person routines the njreof ID'J years of life; of every loo, only-six reach tho age of 65; and not moro than ono in 500 lives to 8u years of ngo.' There am on the whole earth l,OOû,(iO'),Ol)0 inhabitants, and of these 33,338,333 die every year', 91.821 overy day ; ; 3,738 every hour;' anil GO- overy minute, or ono every second. These losses vt balanced hy about an equal number of births. Tho married are longer lived than tho single, and above all, those' who observo a sober and' industrious conduct. Tall men live longer than short ones. Women have moro chances of lifo in their favor previous to being lilly years of ago than men, but fewer afterwards. Tho number of marriages is in tho propor- tion of 75 to every , ino individuals. Marriages aro moro frequent after the equinoxes- that' is,' during the months of linne and December. Those barn' in thu spring nra gnuernlly moro robust than others.' Births and deaths are moro frequent by night thuu by day. The number of i mon:capable of-bearing anna is calculated: at one-fourth j tho population. Two IN A BUD.--Ned and Charley wc.ro room-mates, tuf tliey' occupied 'different,'bois. Ned's bed wu», BO situated' that ho could get' Into it either, side r t bo t is tn say, it was' placed In tho'ecntro of, tlirj rpomr- whiiih'Ned; found very' convenient on cortain occasions. 'Oiio'night' Ned and Charley had 'buen out, lind on' returning', "bicli they did nt early morning, ^both wero eon^idotnlily. elevated:' However, thcy'iv'iilked|un to tba room willi .-ni air which seemed to Say,''.Nijt so very' darned, diihtk' after all", and sought long'and .patiently for matches and, lampl' After kpocking tho'pitcher off tho wash-stiind and smashing- thc looking-glass', they li nally eavu up tho fcareh, and went to bcd-yesj yes. that's' the word, but owing to tho darkuoss and thc confusion of their senses, they made n slight, mistake., In short, Nod's bed-, had the honor nf receiving tho two friends-Charley' getting in on uno sulfl, mid his'companion on tho other. "I say. Nod", cried Chorley, touching Fo'mchody's.ilblf, "tbere'ju ?a fallow'in my bcd": "Wonderful' coincidence", ex'-, claimed'Ked, feeling;a Atrangu 'elbow; in tho region of liU ribs, "thuro's somebody' in my bed too", "ls there,, though"? said Charley,'-fat's kick 'cm out". "Agreed", said Ned, And accordingly tho two friends began to kick. Tn about a minute and ii half Ned was sprawling on ,tho floor; mid. Charley was h ft in possession bf tho bod.' For a moment after tho fall nil wns silent, "I say Ned", cried dunley. ' "\Vlmt" ? said Ned; sulkily. ''I've.' kicked1my fehoW out";1' ''You ure'luckier than" I ami said Ned, "for raino has kicked' Ino clean.'on to tho, lloór".'i: .'?'"?? .'.,. A correspondent,, referring, tn, tho.anagram, f I om Rn- J tun', formed! from tho 'wor.d^i'nsrrinii'iii,. wrltbs tlnjt'.tho I following moro oppllcttbl« nnnp;rHnVmay oà1fornied of ibo ?word Tasmanian-' A nasti man'.'- ige. . Tho speed nf n hore is estimated to ho eighty-eight 1 feet por second) that of a rann walking, fonr feet. I.ORD Tîti.ENBUnoDon'fl Fi «ST BIIJE'F.-Tho following story is. communicated to thol (Uedford Observer,) na narrated by tho lato Richard Hodgson, Ksq., of Wheat- lands, formorly n notahlo of Bradford:-"Mr Hodgson hod becomo possessed of ndditional property'; but"a claimant sprang np who disputed Ins toga! titlo to it, who instructed his nttornoy to demand from bini'(Mr Hodg- son) an inspection of the title deeds, which being done in nil insolent, dictatorial manner, he peremptorily refused. 'Then, Sir,' said the lawyer, 'I will compel you to produce them at York;' 'and there,'ns promptly responded , Mr Hodgson,'I'll meet you, and thrnsh-you to your heart's content.' Mr Hodgson shall now tell his story himself. 'I was mado defendant, and. of course, bad to wait my opponent's attack, whoso first move was to secure all the lending counsel travelling tho Northern Circuit. Never mind, says I to my lawyer, my titlo is so indisputable, that if I connot meet a counsel to my mind, after: we nrrivo at York, I will bo my own counsel, and lick thom liùrmoémtelyrproceeded^to the C^i^e,' ,the as»iaes having 'opened that day. . ifaving forni¥rT tho singular determin- ation to select bis counsel from' his physiognomy, while' scated in court:. 'After carefully surveying thc big wigs' and tho faces under them, I remarked to my lawyer,-' rather like tho looks of tho young man an our left; speak to him, and inquire if he has any objection to a. consulta- tion, with a view to n brief; if I am not mistaken there is both sens« nnd law in that head. The reply to tho quos: tion was 'I shall bo happy to seo you at my lodgings this evening, at six,' ? On being ushered into his room, thc young counsel, whoso, name even I did not know, said, This is tho first time I h uve travelled tho circuit, and your briofisthc first I havo had odored; I am but a young bniristcr, and I think it only fair to givo yon this warning.' I replied, 'I like you none the worse nt all, but nil tho batter, tor your candour; we will now proceed with tho cousultntion,' Although my title was intricate. ¡ tori.' On entering York, Mr Hort] tliere was no doubt of it3 legality. Sty young counsel made himself master of every point in an incredibly short time. 'Your title,' ho remarked, 'is good beyond question ; if I can only make tho court and tho jury see it as clearly ns I sec it myself, there will ho no doubt of the result; ilare you entrust me with the brief, after tho warning I have given you?' 'I dare,'I replied; and thc brief and all tho necessary legal documents wera handed to him. Mly the bye,' I remarked, 'you must givo me your name.' 'Law', ho replied, 'is my name.' * I hen of oourso we must be right,' 1 responded, 'having already secured Law on our side.' On tho third day of tho assizes, our cause wns called, and it being ono of those whero the onus pro bemtl lies with tho defendnut, wo were called upon to pro- ceed. Jly young counsel rose, and all eyes wuro directed towards him, never having been soon at York before; and, during tho whola timo of his speaking (two hours) tho attention of tho entiro court never slackened. At the conclusion of his address, n buz of approbation run through ibo bar and audience His Lordship, addressing tho lend- ing counsel on tho opposition side, inquired if, after tho clear, lucid, and able stntcmcntof tho law ol' the case, and it wiis altogether a question of law, bc would think it bis duty to tako up tho timo of the court by a reply. 'Yes, my Lord,' replied a gruff voico; 'we aro not in tho habit of falling before wo are knocked down.'-'Very well, ns you will, brother Cockin.' The trial then proceeded, and, n; its conclusion, tho judge told the jury that tho question for decision was entirely one of law, ami thcro was no doubt tho law was wi'h tho defendant, ns his counsel had most conclusively shown, in a speech which would have done honour to a veteran,and augured well fortbo learned counsel ns regarded tho future Tho jury, without turn- ing round, gave a verdict for the defendant. I was so excited,* combined Mr Hodgson, 'that, forgetting whore I was. I sung out, 'Young man, young man j' but, recol- lecting myself, I said,'Learned tir,"addressing myyoung counsel, 'if you live to dio of old ago, yon will become either Lord Chief Justice of Lord Chancellor.' 'Thauk you,' responded ho, 'I wish you may live to See it.' And I have lived to soo it, as I suppose 1 need not inform you' ?that my young counsel, Mr Law of ibat day, is now the Lord Chief Justice Ellenborough."' Lennox STUBET-LIFE.-A few daysagn Mr Henry Mayhew delivered a leeturo finítho Atlicnum on "Tho Oddities of London Street Life." In thc course of the lecture ho introduced his audience to tho I'unch and Judy I mun. who, he said, was a dutk, pleasant looking man of about 50, who disclosed to him (Mr Mayhew) a few secrets of his profession. He was formerly a gentleman's foot- man; hut he adopted tho business for "money gains." When first hu took it ho cleared from £2 to £3 a week, he ' mid his "pardner.', Ile felt it somewhat derogatory to i como from a footman's placo to such a career: but still I *. I'unch and Judy was a trade,'' be said, which once ! taken to cannot be got rid of. If yon.enter any other j situation, the boys would seo you and cry out, "There's j l'mich behind tho counter serving out thc customers." ; (Laughter.) Thu performance had to bo varied to suit two classes of persons-the clinic and the sentimental ! Tho comic people liked him to kick op all tho games ho j could; but to the sentimental behad to perform very i steadily and leave out all tho comic words and business. Tlwy would have no ghost, no coffin and nu devil, and that's what ho called spoiling thc performance altogether. As regarded the earnings', the showman said he could obtain £5 for weeks running, and had as much ns £2 10s a day; but now 5s a day.was thc most tliot'coujd be made, and' that bail to be divided between the "man in tho framo," and the "drum and pipes." Spmetimcs they had thort and long "pitches." A "short pitch" is where tho j show is sot down, the drum and pipe play up, and when ¡ they get 3d they' hook it;" but "Jong pitchers" consist j ol half an hour's performance, tho proceeds of which aver I age. ls' Punch's audiences were next scrutinised. Boys j wore a great nuisance.. They would follow the Bhow for ; milos, would get into the best places; throw thoir . caps into tho frame, pick holes in tho bazo to peep through, and ' "cuss'era,', added the man, "they haven't a fard'n to bless I themselves with." Laughter.) Nurse* wçro no good, for leven if tho mothers gave the little donrs.it penny, they : would take the penny away to hay ribbons.'. Soldiers again were bad, for they not only hail no .money, bat, I what'was worse, they had no pockets. A Btreet clown j once told him (Mr Mayhew) that w> ch his wifo was con- fined ho jumped "Jim Crow" for 12 hours in tho mud and wet of thc streets, and ho carried homo that night to his almost starving family tho sura of Uni ns tho result of his day's oxcrtion. Thorp was a poor old blind hurdy gurdy woman, bo onoo knew. Sha bud learnt to play on tho hurdy-gurdy fora living. She'called ita cymbal,' tho hurdy-gurdy WHS hot its real name, '«Tho cymbal," slio said ''Isnot hard to play, sir, fór'Kirig David played on one of thoso instruments. I first learned to play God I Bavo tba King, tho Queen thal; now is, air.',' \Vhen Mr I Albert Stu ¡Ur was preparing his Mont Mintie, ho asked him I (Mi-Mayhew) to recommoud him'n hurdyrgurdy.player, I and ha mentioned ibis one, whoso nomo was "Old iJairey." Being blind," she did' not see what her pupil wanted to ' learn forj but sho imagined that it was for gelling' à liv- ing'iii tho street* Accordingly,' she told bini "to keep thc leather woll down over tho cymbal, aa tho ha'pence . wore very liable tp frill into tho works." . (.Uuch. laughter.) Sumo peculiarities of tho street blind were next pointed out Tijera are'ot least lflO blind,mpn nnd.wqtnon gett- ing their living in London, an,d. SOU more in, tho pro- vinces. The. b)in_d people like rj,usl<vntjd as they: can. get their Hying in'noother way, thoj;;sopk it by.muslc, They preferred being'blind, and .when it .was possible.to restore one man'to ' sight" ho sn'idto tibe-surgeon, ''Would you ruin ma?" Tiio blind men always., married blind women, anytñ¿ they did,not like ."foping wo.men." Tupy.nrguod. that if'seeing' men Kaila h aril'm otter to look.»(tor "seeing women," what would a blind . mun do? (Honrs of laughter.) They were very happy and comfortable at homo. Tho wives love their husbands, and both love their chi d.rrn, Tor' they ftiid "pur, children lead us. nhopt, and' our cflliction makes them loy.o' tis tile more,'.' (Cheers ) Yo' KO LADIEJS; snom.D . NOT RMOKK IR BBD.-A yoiing Hiissian lady of rank, tho Countess N,. Very nearly lost her lifo two dr three wcoks ago. in the house 'ol'1 her. father, thu Qovornor ot' Moacow, by' a very singular accident. It is stated in A« paint, that the Countess had been ' Indulging., ns.usual, In tho habit of smbking, and at tho samo, timo-reading in bcd. Thc double narcotic very-soon sot .hor asleep. 1 She a woko ptu'sently in terror to lind her heil on lire, the linen Bhects bad berni ignited by tho. end bfher'clparctte'. 'She jtitnnod: out of l ed, fortttmtely without hcing burnt, and rushed to tlioiluor. lt bad 'been' bolted.' and In her fright she could ' li"t opon it> Then she broke tho window, and callurl. loud'y. for Jielp.. .Tho sentinel-' on 'duty nt the' gate beiow'insluiiily gave tho alarm| tho lady's cbambor door wan forced open, and tho firo extinguished, Sha was not hurt but only frightened. EDÜCUTIHO FOR A COLONIST.-Tho kind,of. education, founded on orly responsibility, which makes dur naval officers tho first in the world, will make n boy at sercnteen years of age a better colonist than n. petted darling of twenty-brio,' .To illustrate our meaning, let'¿ny ¿no notice, in walking through tho streets of London, thc ragged urchins from seven to nina years old, who ard to be found congregated on door steps ia charge of babies almost as large us'themselves, and hanging about corner posts, ready.for snubing. .Talk to ono of those Flibber- tigibbets, and you will find that although, perhaps, he 'can neither'road nor write (moro shame to our country that it should'bb sol) hocan thread his way through tho crowded streets without tho slightest fear for himself or his living burden. Ko knows when (u run, when to stand still, and nikko cab or - dray wait for him ; he is well acquainted with tho prico current of provisions, from baked potatoes to red herrings; ho is not to ba done oat of a single sot less than tho tariff of the day for bis penny; he is ready at tho shortest notire to convey^ .message to me most distant part of tho~i6etropolis;nnner stands an answer, and can give as graphie a description of the sender as any Australian black-fellow; when re- warded with an unaccustomed half crown ho knows where to invest it to the greatest advantage in some article of second- hand clothing; he has a sharp oyo for bits of brass, iron, and other gutter waste and stray; ho is always gamo to take his own part with any I fellow of his inches, has a slang answer ready for n , "pooler", and does not mimi a cat behind when he wants a ride; in n word, ho has tho perfect uso of his natural faculties. Comparo this self educated young vagabond with ymir own nico, clean, quiot little gentleman, who can read, repeat pretty poems by rota, and write a letter in round-hand to his rich anclo. Ile runs tn his nurse if tho old clothesman looks ai him-, bellows if bo find him- self round a corner out of sight for twp minutes of ins little brothers and. sisters ¡and ns to the value of money, only knows that sixpence will buy something sweet The one is an infant, tho other is a little man; tho ono is only flt for a nursery, the other is well worth hissait ina colony. -Soven years later yoiirnico little gentlcmnn will require to bo clothed, and fud, nnd taken cara of. We io not mean that you aro td turn your intended colonist into tho street-tn let him go dirty, anti ragged, and ignorant-but it would save you and him a world of futuro caro and anxiety if from a very carly ago yon wore to make your hoy understand tim value of time, labor, money, the advantages of observing carefully, describing correctly, and learning something useful on overy favorable occasion. A boy intended f.>rn colony should be trusted with a fixed allowance, and permitted to buy his.own clothes, and spend 'the balunco as ho pleases"; yon willjloarn his character, ho will lenrn experience. To learn swimming it is necessary, to go into tho'wator. If yo« give bim a p- ny insist on his grooming it himself; if ho have thu right turn of mind for a colonist, hd will soon/without prompting, take a lesson from the country blacksmith and saddler. At an early age, if you have nn important message to send a hundred miles, mako him tho messenger. To make him fare harder than tho rest of your family would only do harm; but ia holiday Hind eneouraee long excursions alone, or with a companion of a similar age, through tho rural districts of langland, Scotland, or Ireland, »pd let him learn how much ' is to ho seen by travelling cheaply, with a knapsack or fishing-rod. When a boy of fifteen can lay out a five-pound note on useful malters to tho best advantage, and not feel that tho bataneo burns a bole in his pocket-when ' ho docs not fear to travel alono from London to Geneva-when ho can cook his own dinner, mond his own trousers, black his own boots-when he has learnt to think and feel that he must depend on himself, and not on nccidents of for- tune, friends, and fathers for success-he is in a fair way to succeed ns a colonist, whether seventeen or seven-and twenty. Courage, caution, decisivo energy, nnd indepen- dence.-theso are qualities that, grafted on honorable and virtnous principles, will, with moderato industry and moderate abilities, succeed whero brilliant talents, weighed down by timid, indecisivo effeminacy, would often fail. But as a calm temperamcntshould" bo"chosen for the Church, a glutton nt hard wnrk for thc har, nnd a keen one lor nn attorney, sn there ls a stamp despised of schoolmasters and professors, anil feared hy country justices, which makes famous emigrants; for, as they say ut Oxford, "Pluck has it". NAroxEoy is DBATU.-Death had marvellously im- proved the appearance bf Napoleon, and every one ox- ' claimed when tho fact) was exposed, " How very hean- ' tifiill"-for all present acknowledged that they had never seen a finer or a moro regular and placid coun- , tcnancc. Tho beauty of the delicate Italian features was of tho highest kind, whilst the exquisito serenity of their expression was in tho most striking contrast with tho re- collection nf his great actions, impetuous character,'and turbulent lifo. As during his ovcntful career there was much ofthe mysterious and .Inscrutable about him, so even after death Bonaparte's inanimate remains presented a puzzle and a mystery, for notwithstanding his prent sufferings and the usual emaciating effects of tho malady that destroyed him, tho body was found enormously fat' Tho frame was as unsusceptible of material"disintegration as tho spirit had been indomitable. Over tho sternum, or breast bone, -which is generally only thinly 'covered', there was a coat of fat an inch and a half thick, arid on the abdomen two inches; whilst thc Omentum, kidneys, and heart were loaded with fat. Thu hist organ was re - markably small and the muscles flabby, in contradiction ' to our ideal associations,' and in proof of tho accruing paradox, that it is possible to bo a very great mah with a very little heart. Tho seat of tho malady of which ho - died was his stomach, which was ulcerated all over Uko a j honey-comb. Several peculiarities were noticed about the body. He appeared nt'mme time to have bad an ? issno opened in the arm, and there was a slight mark like a wound in the leg. The chest was hot ample, and lhere wns something Uko feminine, delicacy in tho roundness ; of'the arms and smallness of tho bands and feet. Hie j head Was largo In 'proportion to tho body, with a ßuo, massy, capricious forehead.-Literary Miscellany. j ArtTisrs.-Tho conversation pf artists, when..it hos re- ference to their'profession is usually patched up with phrases peculiar to themselves, and which may opt ho im- properly'called slang-of art. This, jargon, when heard ly personB unacquainted'with ils application, is apt to lead' to awkward'mistakes; A laughable instance of this kind occurred lately. A party of artists were travelling; )h a stngo coach, in which, besides themselves a sedateyèner ablo lady was tho only passenger. Tho conversation among' the' artists ran on as' follows:-'.' How playful j these clouds aro! : That group to the left is sweetly com- j posed; though, perhaps, a little solid and rocky for tho others. I have scon nothing bf ---'s lately. I think ho is clover. .". He' makes all his flesh tori chalky. You must' allow, however, that ho is very successful with his ladles." ;The old lady began to exhibit symptoms' of tiri oasinoss, and nt tho close of eaoh observation east an nnxibus'and inquiring look; at tho spoákor- ,? ner'corn panloha, however,'unconscious of the surprise tiley w'cfii' exciting, (for she entertained doubts ns'to their sanity,) ' went on in'ihtrsame style. She heard1 them'to her in;' creasing dismay," talk'of a farm house coming^ ont from the neighboring trees, and ^ a gentleman's" grounds want; lng repose. 'At'-lcrigth 'ihey approached an .'old ylllpgo. churchy A gront' many observations' wero rando 'about ' tho keeping, &c.;,: of'tho scene, which tho did' womn'n boro with tolerable magnanimity, hut at last olio of the party exclaimed in a kind of enthusiasm!. ' See holwell, tho woman in tho, rod cloak'carries bff'tho iowpr!" ^Iho Indy screamed to tho; coachman to stop^n'alcl, hinihis furn, nlirioiigh'advanced only baifwuy on hei journey,and ex-' pressed' her' thankfulness' for having escaped alive from: such a'sot of mudinori.-Slierbarii Journal. ' A- NETT MAISIE LA-W.-Thc Intest phase pf the Maine1 Law' is'a bill-befólo the Albany (Now York) Legislature, establishing, a system of licenses fur 'tho consumer.,tri-, stead of thu seller; ' People are to take out à license' to drink,-Uko a license to kill game, or a' permission, to carry arm's;1 There is à nicely graduated, «caló of ', fees for liberty ' to imbibé tho various' kinds of fluid I 2s,'« year maliCB'a mah fred of small beor anil '"currant wino,'1 or winds ' of "domestic manufacturo." Strong , beer, porter, -and alo require-, a pnymoiit of 3s, Fi'vo: dollin-« annually, purchase a license to drink beer, spirits, wiad, or anything, from nqdnfartis td champagne. ÍJÓ person can ' soil or everi'glvo' nnytbing iii tho shapp of drink, uiilussthfa applicant produces his liceiiKO tn swallow it; ' and no llcdnso whatever, not oven'for currant'wind is to bo granted to a married woman without the previous consent of her'husband,. THAT - WILL DO.-"That will do", i» a. phrase of! modern invention. _ Tho mic ¡en tn knew of no stich ex- pression, or tho Kgyptians would never have rahed tho pyramids, nor tho Greeks and Romans displayed that love of tho beautiful which led them to impart a poetic grace oven to the meanest utensils for household use, as shu .remains of Pompeii fully testify. "That will do1', is tho excuse of mediocrity, unnblo to soar to better things. "That will do'.', is tho self-dispensation given by the lbzy painter, who glosses over tho want of anatomical correct- ness hy a showy cnlori ng. *' I'hat will do", is tho besetting sin of architects who lay their shortcomings to thc want of a favorito site, oran ftalian climate "That will do'', is the precept held in veneration by most sor van ts. "That will do", makes your sloven and your slattern. A man who adopts this motto with regard to dress dues not mind being seen with a dirty shirt, and a beard of two days* growth-while the same fatal saying allows a woman to go about tho house with euri papers, and flipsbod. "T'hat will_do*', applied to household matters, hrcrrnnlly "bad, and moro annoying to friends than when applied to dress. You may expect ill Cooked dinners in any honso where the heads adopt this maxim-to say nothing of shabby carpets, faded paint, dirty muslin cur- tains, Ac. "1 hat will do", has conjured up a host of inefficient teachers, and a still larger proportion of im- perfect scholars, "That will do", bas sunk many a ship -caused tho downfall of scaffolding holding hundreds of huiunn beings-occasions at least half the fires that take place, and is at tho bottom of most railway disasters. "That will do", is the enemy to all excellence, and would snp tho conscience of tho moil virtuous man alive, if ho heiukuiiedjco its dictates Thc* only persons to whom ive recommend it arc drunkards,.gamblers, and spend- thrifts, who may very properly exclaim-"That willdo". All should bear in iniud that nothing will -do'' buttha vcrv best tn point of excellence. EDITORSHIP.-We luivo known a rory learned gentle- man to obligingly bring us a contribution, wi:li the remark, that as wu wore of course continually occupied, it must doubtless bo quite an accommodation to recuire a. Rood nrticloanca in awhile-and on examining thc' "good"'Oi ticlo in question, wo have found three gross grammatical errors, divers sins of awkwardness, and two words mispclled, in the first and second semence. A lecturo which will bear printing as it ia delivered, is nn exception: and, in a word, ibero are very fow men, who have not served a regular apprenticeship t i tho types, who can sit down and, without . .' ha'-t or let," express their thoughts readily and fluently in writing. Yet with nil this wo d-dly meet with gentlemen, who, because they have mnde an occasional hit in a letter to a friend, or have elaborated a drawling story or poem in sotno incautious paper, talk daringly and dashingly of journalism, and . graciously inform U3 how they would moko things fly. lound if they wens only editors! Singular-every man, nb matter how stupid.be,is. always seems tb bo morally convinced thnt if everything else fails, he cnn cither manage a small farm or edit a paper -and experience shows that where there M'a a hundred educated young man capable of successfully practising n profession, thero aro not more than ono or two who aro rcully enough of a genius, a scholar, and a man of prac- tical sense to nicko a good editor, tn fact, though nil thc world reads papers, there aro very few out of tho business who have ever taken tba pains to acquire much information relative to it-.indjlie nonsei|iionce is, that its difficulties are unappreciated.-Philadelphia Bulletin. . Fallt KECKONIXO.-It is not just io animóle any ninn's i doings without taking into necount his opportunities also. With what appliances did lifo furnish bim for the work? ! What were tho surroundings through which ho carried I it on? Wbnt were ibo obstacles in his way? What I were tho helps ho had? All the<e must be considered before one can right'y estimate either thc coft ur thc i merit of his achievement Tho young gentleman who ! had a nursery governcis at three, and a tutor nt seven - ! who went from Hion to Cambridge, and carno homo to be ; counted a prodigy because he was not plucked-who from ;, infancy upward had nil thc assistance that wraith, leisure ' and good society could give; where is tho whnder if he '.hare a decent stock of knowledge, and cando theres. ; pcctnble in life and on paper? But John Jinkins! whe ' nevor went to school after it was discovered that hu could ' carn one-ami sixpence a week; whoso collcgo was thc j streots; whose leisure was part of Sunday; whose society I filled beer-simps and attended executions! If ho fine ont that there exists a world of thought and letters above the atmosphere ol' his daily wants and toils¡ if ho learn to love truth and justice moro than pr.iiso or profit, or bolter still, if ho gain moral strength to lend an honest, upright life-friend, thoo is wonder indeed! A poor actor, with a book under his arm, was entering a pawnbroker'sotHce, when he encountered a friend, who asked what he was going to def. "Only going to spout Shukspcare," was the reply.-When is a wall like a n>h? When it is scaled.-AU American paper saysthatt.hu man who undertook to peel the bark off a dos with ii dull knife, has given up tho task in despair.-Traddlcs asked n little boy recently at a school examination" what gender thu word-alphabet was " Masculine and feminine," said tho little urchin. " How so?" inquired Trnddles. " M hy. sir, Alpha is masculine und. But is feminine,"-At a Sunday sehuol examination, the teacher asked a boy whether, after what ho had been studying and repeating, he could forgive those, who had wronged bim. "Could yon." said the teacher, .' forgive a hoy, for example, who had insulted or struck you?" " V-e e-s, sir," replied tho lad, very slowly, "I-think-I-could:" hut he added, in a much more rapid manner. " I could, if ho .was bigger than 1 am !"-..Sire, ono word," sahl a soldier ono day. to Frederick the Great, when presenting to him a request of a brevet of. lieutenant. "If you say two words," answered thc Prince " I will have you hanged." "Sign," replied the soldier. Tho.monarch, surprised at his presence of mind, immediately gtantud his request. DON'T BK THE SLAVK OF CiuoittisTAtiCKS.-It is a painful fiict^, but there is no denying it, tho mass are the tools of circurriftnncesj thistle-down on thu breeze, straw on tho river, their coursa is shaped for them by the cur- rents and eddies of the stream of life. Hut only in pro- portion ns they are tilings, not men nod w..men. .Man was meant to be not tho slove. but the master, of e!r cumetaoeei; and in proportion ns be recovers his huma, nicy, iii overy sense of that great obsolete word, in pro- portion he gets back tho spirit of manliness, which is self-sacrifice, affection, loyalty to nn idea beyond himself, so far will he rho nhove circumstances, and wield them at his will.-AVug-j/ci/, 