Kciu Soutij tLMalcs CmciLitjcitcc. SYDNEY. Fkom the ' Empire,' ' Herald,' and other Sydney journals, we compile as follows - The official return with respect to the North Cumberland election gives-for Mr. Smith, Mr. Parkes, ; majority for Smith, 102. Mr. Parkes's supporters havu determined to discharge all expenses incurred by that gentleman in the contest. On jfcfee loth inst., as Mr. Pilot Brown was ojBjeing the ship Lawrence Brown (from Imtion) into port, he took her into North IIap)our, and anchored, when the J vessel went ashore and lay there for about ail hour and a half, the breeze being strong and the sea heavy at the time. The Vic toria steamer was sent to Sydney fur assist ance, whence the tug Washington was de spatched at 1 a.m. on the 11-th. Some 1 excitement was caused in Sydney by Hie I intelligence, but the Lawrence Brown lav I uninjured until the tug took her in tow, and eventually left her at Macnamara's Wharf. Amongst other novelties in the news paper line, the prospectus of a journal to be styled the 'St. Leonard's'Weekly Times' is announced to appear on the 4th Jan., at the oiiice, Miller-street, North Shore. A correspondent of the ' Herald' who was ; struck by lightning during the recent heavy thunder-storm, in Sydney, thus describes his sensations : - During the storm, 1 was seated by a window engaged in writing, and when it was at its height, a most vivid flash ol'lightning, followed or rather accompanied by a terrific thunder peal, entered the room ' »by the window, forcing the pen with which I was writing (a metal one) from the holder, which it broke, wrenching off the back ul' I the chair on which 1 was seated, and throw j ing me with violence to tiie ground. J lay | for some moments incapable of movement, :] and language is inadequate to describe fully j my sensations. The walls of the. room ap j peared oscillating, and my whole body to be J an inert and shapeless mass. On being able j to move. I found the whole of mv left side I useless, being perfectly paralysed, in which I state it remained for many minutes. The , electric iiuid passed from me to the opposite | wall, which is stripped of its plaster, and j penetrated the brickwork upwards of an inch ! in depth for a length oi' five feet, cutting it as | completely as if done by a chisel ; it then parsed from the apartment. My wife, who was seated near rue with an infant of a few weeks old in her arms, received a severe ! shock, but, with the child, was otherwise happily unharmed, as were also my elder j children, who were in an adjoiningapartment. | Ever since I have been, and continue in a state of extreme nervousness, and can ? scarcely recall the scene without feelings of terror. The Parramntta Bench had been en gaged for several days in investigating a charge of cutting and wounding, on the railway line, in which three men named Batebelor. limes, and Payne were accused by two third-class passengers named Woo lohan and O'Brien. From the evidence it appears that a dispute arose about a ri^lit to certain seats, which led to a disturbance, participated in by nearly all the third-class passengers. Both complainants swore they had been violently assaulted, and one added j that he had been cut in the neck with a spade by one of the prisoners, but the evi dence for the defence disproved the spade accusation, and it appeared probable that the wounds had been inflicted accidentally by a man who was cutting tobacco at the time with a knife. The case ended in the j prisoners being discharged. The violent thunderstorm at Sydney Lo j which we referred in our last issue was j also felt severely at Parramatta. The elec tric fluid entered an isolated building in Macquarie-street, and passed down the i walls, tearing away the plaster in jailed | lines, and leaving; a hole of about an inch | in diameter through a rubble wall ?(j inches i thick. It escaped by ascending the oppo site wall. Jn its course across tin: flour it j entered a pianoforte, and burst one corner of the top off, but without otherwise in j juring the instrument. Mrs. Clapham and | a number of her school pupils were in the house at the time, but they fortunately {escaped any injury. Two other houses j "were also struck-one in Church- street. | whereby a female lost the use of her left j side, and one near the wharf at the end of j George-street. I On the 11th inst. a boy named Croke j bad been drowned, at Eastern Creek, near \N indsor; on the 12th, another, of 1 }- years ; °f :15e, near Richmond Pont; and, on the I same day. a third, named Hind, at Sandy j Beach, close to Windsor. | ^ HUNTEli RIVER DISTRICT, j I' now the M. Mercury and Northern i Times we condense the^ following items of intelligence: - On the 1 -t-th the Northern Escort arrived in Maitland, with 85li ozs. U) dwts. of gold dust, all consigned to the .Mint. The cases of Fag,-in, Baker, and Riley, for alleged breaches of the Electoral Act! had been again gone into, and further re manded for a month, to allow of the pro duction of the voting papers. ; As two little boys named Howard were playing on their parents'premises in Elgin street, West Maitland. one aged about'six jears fell down a well oCI feet in depth. Ihe boy caught the rope, and his brother having given the alarm, Mr. Carnithers drew him up. The boy escaped with a slight abrasion on the cheek. An act of incendiarism had occurred at Lnchmviir. the Imsh fence of a man named Whitney having been set fire to in two places. On the alarm being given some 12 or 15 persons assembled, and a waterhole in the vicinity yielding a plentiful supply of water, the flames were got under; t'hev were finally extinguished by a heavy thun derstorm. WESTERN DISTRICTS. FROM correspondence in the ' Empire'we learn, with reference to the gold fields that On the Oth instant about 200 men were at work in Spring Gully, Burrendong-the majority making good wages, and some taking out rich lifts. A nugget of ] 8 ozs. and another of 5 oz.s. had been turned up, and 7 ozs. of coarse gold had been obtained from one tuhful of stuff. Flour Bag Gully, j near the Potatoe Ground, had been "'rushed! [ but although some claims were yielding | 2 dwts. to the tub, the scarcity (if water ; was preventing active operations. The I Macquarie was falling rapidly, and it was I considered likely that its liars might soon I be worked. T he diggers were reaping tlie : benefit, of opposition aniongst the bakers. I m the shape of a 2 lb. loif (or fourpence. j At .Maitland Bar and Sailors' Gull/, on : the Memo, the yield is stuted at from half j a pennyweight to iiali an ounce per tub, ! with plenty of ground yet umvurki'd. Par j ties were scattered a.'ouj the banks of the I Meroo down to the World's End, where | some five or six. were located with success, j ^ The river claims at Me.rrundi are said to j yield about .£1 per man pur day. A nug get of I !. ozs. had been got in ihe dry dig gings. It. is recommended that the number j ot the parties be reduced, and the imperfect j mode of sluicing substituted by tiie cradle, j as the miners are unacquainted'with sluice working, and have wasted much time in cutting races. On the (ith instant many fresh bands bad appeared at 1 anibarooia, and another gully had been opened between the Bald Hills and Tambaroora township-the .sink ing easy, from ]() to 12 feet, with a good driving bottom. The maximum vie!d'"was a pennyweight to the ,'i.sh, with six to nine inches of washing stuff. At the Pyramul the miners were ave raging good wages, while many were makir^ | lo.erably luekv bits in secluded spots A ! »ow rush at the Crudine had been exciting jsome attention, Imt as parties had sunk | there from 2l) to 3U feet. and got little gold, they were returning to the Pvramul. j SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. j FROM the. various journals published in the j Southern Districts we glean as follows : I 1 llau"aRKa. On the .')th instant a se : vere thunderstorm visited Wollongon"- but no accident had been reported, &al; thrush i the lightning was unusually vivid. Nine 1 persons Jit L'lladullri had eiKieuvourcd to j fathom the cause of the "ghost" story by I visiting the swamp whence emanated" the [ unearthly sounds, at the midnight hour. | Three entered the scrub, while °the other ! six kept watcli that the ghost should nut .escape. A short lime afterwards there j came a terrible bellow from the swamp, I when the six valorous gentleman took to I their heels, leaving the ghost to deal at its j leisure with their advanced guard. How | ever, the spirit was merciful: it allowed I the explorers to get so near that tliey heard ?? the breathing of a monster, which one j thought was a bird, another a crocodile, and the third a bippocentaur ! Fresh ar | rangements were being made to decide the I knotty question, which, when completed hy , a capture, we shall report.-A I weighing 2i ozs., in the form of a fine I specimen, had been brought from Mojo bv | Mr. G. Williams. ° ' | Gori.i3URN-.-On the 8th instant the thermometer stood in the shade at 8-9 de crees. the air continuing very sultry until | ?) p.m., when a heavy thunderstorm" swe-it I over the township. Shortly before mid night, whilst the heayeus were illuminated with lightning. the shook (if an earthquake was felt, accompanied bv n violent squall ol wind. On the afternoon of the i'th Goul burn was again visited by an appalling clectric stonn and :i deluge of rain. In telligence was subsequently received of the following accidents by lightning:--At half past 3 p.m., whilst three females were conk ing in Mr. Wade's inn, at Marulan, the electric fluid descended the chimney, threw down the women, and killed a dog by the side of Mrs. Wade. Mrs. YV. lost the use of one arm bv the shock, but her com panions were not injured^ During the same storm the lightning struck the ring bolt of a yoke connecting two leading bul-' locks in a team, whilst travelling on the Binda Road, severing the yoke, but (strange to say) leaving the animals unharmed. A horse at Cotta Walla was struck on the loins, but although crippled the unfortunate quadruped seemed likely to live. A num ber of trees were also shattered by the lightning, which appears to have been un usually dangerous. The earthshock made several houses uuiver to their foundations, and is said to have been the third felt in Goulburn during the past five years. Strenuous exertions were being made in favour of establishing a grammar school - j .Mr. C. II. Walsh alone having collected £HiO() within a few days for the further ! ance of the object.-Some Hfinnths ago a j hard-working digger, who had*,been located j on the Draidwood gold field fof four years, I whilst proceeding towards Goulburn on | horseback dropped a bag containing .r)7 ozs. j of gold dust. A search proving unsuc l cessful. he offered a reward of £20, which | was latelv claimed, a shepherd having found j and given up the lost treasure.-A man j named Philip Ivellv, alias John Ynlson. had been apprehended and forwarded to ! Goulbnru, on suspicion of having committed [ a murder in Gipps Land about three years j ago. I YASS.-As a man named David Holds | worth, of Gundaroo. was proceeding from j Yass to Ginnindera, with a load of Hour, j he was jolted oil' the shaft, and the wheel j passed over his body, inflicting injuries ! which he survived lnit a few minutes. - An old man named Jas. Waltiio, after having : brought a load of wheat to town, was re I turning to Nanima jn a state of intoxica j tion, when he fell asleep on the dray, j dropped off, and was njgrtally injured by | the wheel crushing liis'^ody. He died soon after the accident oceui^ed. ALBURY.-A public meeting had resulted in the contribution of a sufficient sum of money to pay for extending the Victorian telegraph line to Albury. An arrangement was immediately made with the contractors, who at once commenced the work : and the first post erected on the N. S. W. side of the river was christened, in the presence of a number of residents.-Arrangements for adding a number of small steamers to the Murray fleet were stated to be in progress at Wahgunyah, and it was rumoured that a gentleman possessed of large capital had arrived from California, with the intention of taking a trip down the Murray, as a preliminary step towards laying on a line of American boats.-Prices of produce are falling, 7s. to 8s. being all that is expected for the new wheat, whilst hay has been sold as low as £6. - A lad had been drowned in a creek near Wodonga, whilst getting some water for his father, who was en route to the Ovens with a cart-load of poultry. j "* MO I? ETON 13 AY. ! Fuom late Moreton Hay papers we extract | a summary of the most interesting intelli gence. Mr. Jieid. of Maryland, has contradicted j a statement that the losses of sheep on that , station during the past year amounted to ; jU.llOU. He says that if this number be | divided by four, it may then be nearer the j mark. I Mr. J. Hall Scott, of the Retreat Station, ! whose unfortunate accident we lately no ; ticed, was recently recovering ; as also the German whose leg was amputated, through I injuries it had received by being jammed ; between the tire iron of a dray and the wheel. Mr. Roes, of the Talavera Station, had been carried partly through and partly over a fence, on the horns of a four-year old bull, without sustaining any serious injury. At a late land sale in Brisbane 14 lots * were offered, of which only 1 "> were sold, all except 4 going at the upset price. The lots were a mixture of town, suburban, and country land. On the 4th instant a terrific thunder storm passed over Drayton, attended with a fall of hailstones as large as hens' eggs and abundance of rain. The vineyards and orchards are said to have suffered severely. During the month of October last it ap pears that ,r)U34 letters and olOG newspapers wove received at the Drayton post-office, and i(J%' letters and 227b' newspapers de spatched thence. A writer in the 1 Free Press' states, with .eference to Warwick:-"It seems pre pared by nature for agriculture, and upon ? this, in my opinion, will the ultimate pros [ perity of Warwick depend." He also says that 'a general feeling of indignation was lately created amongst the townspeople ' there, by the proprietor of a station not half a mile from the town having im pounded a mob of cattle on each head oi which was placed as., and Is. driving ex penses... Particulars had reached Brisbane of tht attack by blacks on an exploring expeditior of Messrs. Fruth, Walker, and Wiggins whilst camped near Expedition Range ' Dunn" the day they weru deserted by twi 11 acks, each rtrmeil with a ^un, and at lialt-pust two on the following morning (2?til Oct.), the moon having just set, :i murderous attack whs made on the camp by some iifieen or more blacks. Mr. Wal ker received throe spear wounds and four from nullahs nullahs. Mr. Wiggins had his head cut open by the blow of a nullah nullah, and a friendly black was saved from being killed bv the courage of Mr. W., who shot one of the assailants. The wounded gentlemen were recovering. 