TOWN TALK. (From the Herald.) The latest gossip regarding the elections for tho ■eacaucies occurring through the members of the New Administration taking office- is that every minister will be opposed when he appeals to his constituents. For Melbourne, in opposition to ~ Messrs. Moore and Miehie, Messrs. T. ltae and Oreeves will be started, and did wo judge by reports abroad, we might assure the new • uussioner of Land and Works that his chftlico oto success is at the least a very doubtful matter. Mr. Ebden will be opposed by Mr. Allevno or Mr. Chapman. The former .gentleman had (so tho story goes) given a pledge not to opposo Mr. Ebden. but in the event; of the Treasurer holding Mr. Alleyne to his pledge, the supporters of tho latter, who it is really believed are ahl« to curry tho election, will vote for, Mr. Chapman. Mr. Fellows is also to be opposed for St. Kilda ; and we have hoard a Geelong name. mentioned as likely to be put forward in opposition to that of Mr. Haines for the South Grant representation. At a late hour on Tuesday night tho Melbourne detectives were as'ouuded by a telegraphic mes sage from Castlemaine, announcing the perpetra tion of a bloody- and brutal murder between Jones's Crefk and lnknriuann. The victim of this atrocity was Air Williatn Henry, who was in part nership with n Mi'. Williams, as storekeepers, »t • Jouos's Creek, • -The murdered nwi v/»a afeq reported to linve been robbed of 300 ounces of amalgamated and 100 ounces of alluvial gold. Yesterday morning-, in confirmation of the intelligence or the previous night, Messrs., Salomon and Levy, of Melbourne, received two letters from their brunch store at Mary borough, communicating the assassination of Henry, and declaring that his dead body had been found in the bush, cut and stabbed in such a man ner as to loavo not the slightest doubt that the unfortunate man had met with a most vio lent death. Detective Randall was immediately despatched to make certain inquiries of some friends of Henry residing at Collingwood, and spent Tuesday night in endeavors to obtain some reliable information to guide the future conduct of the policc; and on yesterday afternoon, as he was walking down • Bourke-street, whom should he meet but the vary man whose tragic end had cre ated so much excitcmcnt, and set half the police stations of the country in motion. R.indall, who had a personal knowledge of Henry, was taken rather aback, and being of a superstitious turn of mind, imagined thet the person before him was not real flesh and bioo>1. He had strong objec tions to address himself to a ghost even in |;h<; heart of a large city ill sunlight, but the inoro he looked at Henry, the more firmly he became con vinced that it was no uu're shadow that strn'led on leisurely before him. He further perceived that Henry had undergone u recent tonsorial operation, for his physiognomy presented unmistakcable evi dence1 of a "clean shave," and the respectable storekeeper was rigged out in complete digger's dress. Randall then pulled him up and questioned liiin, and found that the man so brutally murdered a couplc of days bofore, was still alive, sound, and kicking. Henry accounted for his unexpected appearancc in Melbourne by a cook and bull story about his having been " stuck up" in the bush, and Randall and he did not part company till he introduced him to a certain mercantile firm in town with which Hcnrv, as it now appears, had been doin" a rather equivocal business, and he was forthwii It handed over to the police on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences, and is now in the witciihouse. He will figure at the Police Court to-day, when it is expected further revelations will be made, and until then we sus pend all comment upon a transaction which re quires a prompt explanation from Henry and those kind friends who were so prompt in circulating tlie rumor of his murder, and finding his mangled body. 