;j.-1--. THE ASSASSIN VERGER. j The assassin Verger, for the murder of the Arch | bishop of Paris, was to be tried on the 17th of 1 January. He put in an appeal against the form of his committal, which was considered by the Court of Cassation on the 14th, and rejected. A In connection with the impending doom of Vera ] ger, we find the following in the Times, January 9 17 : " The case of Verger naturally calls to mind j the ceremony of degradation with which a priest was formally visited before capital punishment could be inflicted on him. A French ordonnance ' I in 1571 was the last which prescribed this terrible formality. _ in the 18th century, on the refusal of the Archbishop of Aix to degrade a priest who it had been condemned to death, the Parliament of | Aix declared that for the future scoular justice I could dispense with the degradation. The follow- M ing are the principal incidents of the ceremony, which according to ancient authors, never failed to produce an immense effect on the spectators s -On the scaffold a bishop took his seat on a throne surmounted by a canopy, with his assistants seated near him, and opposite to them was a lay officer of justice. Near the prelate was a table, on which were placed several of the sacred vessels used in the church service, together with vases of wine and yester, the Gospels, the Epistles, 1 a candelabra with an extinguished paper, the bad); j of exorcisms, the book of lessons, keys, a pair of scissors, a piece of glass, and the vestments and ornaments which a priest wears at the altar The priest to be degraded was brought forward dressed as a layman and with his hands bound. His bonds were first of all removed, and on a sign from the bishop he was docked with the ecclesiastical costume by the attendant priests. The bishop then rose, and holding his crozier in his left hand, explained to the people the cause of the degradation. The culprit afterwards knelt at the bishop's foot, and all the persons present bout in prayer. The bishop then pronounced the sentence of degradation in those terms :-' In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen. West's--, having ascertained that the crime imputed to the-, a priest, has been really committed, and is to be justly punished, and finding that this crime is great, damnable; and over mons, and has not only offended Divine Majesty, but agitated the whole country we declare that in consequence thou hast rendered thyself unworthy ol'ocolosiastical functions and ecclesiastical benefices. Therefore, won, by the authority of the Omnipotent God, and by "our own power, do prive thee now and for ever of thy functions and services, and we pronounce thy degradation according to the tradition of the canons.' This sentence being pronounced, the bishop, receiving the criminal from the hands of the lay officer, scraped. the palms of the criminal's hands with the piece of glass, but without any effusion of blood, in order to remove from him the motion received at ordination. The censure was also scraped away in a similar manner. The priests present there placed in the hands of the culprit water, wine, the consecrated water, free., but the bishop snatch! them from him saying as We take from three, or rather we bring' to the people that we have already taken from thee, the past or of altering the holy sacrifice to (June, and of celebrating mass either for the living or the dead. Next, the bishop scraped with a knife or piece of glass the thumb and forefinger of each hand of the pulpit, and said By this scraping you take from them the power of sacrificing any of' blessing which thou hadst received by the motion of the hands until thumbs.' Next the bishop dragged off the chase blow from behind and said We justly deprive them of this sacred vestments, which signifies charity, because thou hast deprived thyself of innocence.' Then the bishop removed the stole, and said, 'Thou light disgracefully rejected the sign of God which is this state and that, is why we take in from the, and render it unfit for it by sacerdotal purpose. The ceremony here concluded, and the bishop and his attendants withdrew with great pomp and in procession, the spectators landing to the corps Vi before him As he Poll,'" 