Fly Leaves s. (From "Household Words?') I have just been pondering over that passage in Roman history which seems to clench the enormity of Nero's character by informing us that the imperial monster amused himself with killing flies. We shudder as we read, and feel in truth that he who could amuse himself with killing flies was fully capable of despatching his own mother. I am sick of the whole paraphernalia of fly killing, of the man who makes me at four o'clock by the maddening and monstrous cry " Catch 'em alive O catch 'em alive O which goes and returns up and down the street like the drone of the" creatures it professes to annihilate-like in fact the ghost of some giant buzzer revenging his wrongs upon mankind. Then, I remember all the horrid results of the efforts (after all abortive) of my sisters Jane and Ann to rid our neat little dwelling of the fly-past. First there was an infallible recipe of saucers full of powdered sugar and pepper, in a state of mixture, set about the room (themselves disagreeable to behold), of which the effects were as follows: a visitor calls a lady in a beautiful sea-green pelisse. She sits down affably in the best chair. We converse. Suddenly two or three flies, in kicking convulsions, fall upon her lap. The visitor starts, and herself halt in a convul- sion shakes off the nasty intruders. Is there a spot on the sea green P Tis of this she thinks not of my agreeable conversation. Twice, thrice, the kicking flies repeat their in- vasions. My sister Jane apologized: " We are so troubled with flies and sugar and peas fier is a capital thing to kill them ; but it luckily, when the pepper has stupified them, the flies are apt to fall about." After the sugar and pepper followed arsenic paper soaked in plates full of milk. The results of this experiment were very similar to those of the last, with this addition, that my sister's favorite lap-dog, poor old Fan (who was very fond of me, and who had become an habitual house-pet) lapped up the milk one day, fell also into kicking convulsions, and expired. The plague of tumblers followed-fly traps, Ann called them for my sister Ann began to be inventive in fly catching. The fly-trap was thus constructed : a tumbler was nearly filled with soap-suds to the top of the tumbler was fitted a circular piece of bread, with a funnel shaped hole in the centre ; the inner side of the bread was smeared with moist sugar. So the flies smelt the bread, crept down the question sort of sloping hole to get at it, were intoxicated by the fumes of the soap-suds a thing I should never have imagined), and fell half stupified into the gulf below. Certain it is that shortly after setting such a trap the interior of this tumbler became a dark mass of agonizing flies. Such a sight was not pretty to look at. The moral of this long parenthesis (for it is a parenthesis) brings me back (aggressively) to the point which I desired to prove namely, that no man-not even Nero could amuse himself by killing flies. The remedy would be worse than the disease. Bad enough as fly-killing is, even by proxy, still, to touch, squeeze, pinch, press out the existence of the enemy with your own fingers!-ga!-call that amusement! Nero might have fiddled while Home was burning; but kill flies for his amusement-never! If he really did kill flies (flypaper and tumbler traps being unknown in the pagan ages), it was that he might say, " There are so many flies the less : I have benefitted mankind !" And who can doubt but that the imperial monster (as you love to call him) did benefit mankind. Much as flies abound, who knows how much more, but for Nero, they might have abounded P I relapse te milder thoughts. Before me comes a vision of a curious toy made of numberless pieces of wood fitted together at right angles, so as to form a quantity of little boxes, each containing a shot or a pebble, something to make, it shaken, a rattling noise The crossed piece of wood projected beyond the boxes in the manner of those pointed sheaths which enclose the filbert nut, the whole producing a complicated bristly sort of chandelier-like thing, which was to be hung in the centre of an apartment for the flies to settle on; while occasionally (if there were children in the house), the pendant ornament might be set a swinging and shaking and rattling for the delectation of baby. Of course these unrefined machines were only to be met with in cottages ; yet I can remember in the house of an aunt of mine, an old maid, that a delicate imitation of the cottage fly-perch was hung in a recess of the drawing-room. This was an airy construction of different colored cut papers, pink, green, and blue light as a gossamer-of a glory shape mesh like a fishing-net-and all done by no hands but those of fairly fair, namely my virgin aunt. There seems to me something Sterne-like, in this tender consideration for the flies. Dear . creatures! they shall have a perch, a nice - swinging perch, to sit and dream upon, while - they may fancy the colored papers to be grass 'is and flowers-that is if a house-fly can I fancy anything. Ah ! how these associations recall old days. There is a change in the scenery of my idea. 9 am seated at dinner in an Italian abergo being fine a pleasure trip), at a small table in a corner of a barn-like and very dirty public room. At a neighboring table a dirty mother is Stuffing a very dirty child with polenta. A dirty water is running about with strange black-looking eatables. He orama a piece of wood under one of the legs of my table, which has just given way, and nearly sends the Fri- turn over my- legs. The thermometer stands at what continentals calls thirty-five degrees of heat (Reaumur) which answers about ninety five of Fahrenheit, such accompaniments to a dinner may seem evils not they are nothing -they are merged in the flies. The flies darken the air ; harpy-like, the flies pollute the viands. In vain the waiter, wide awake to the nuisance, covers all the dishes with cups saucers, cabbage leaves, whatever he can lay hands on for the purpose, and only uncovers at the moment when I would taste what is set before me. In one instant, flies swimming in the soup, deepening the tints of the regent, making a black mass of the butter, swarming, bee like, round the grape like bunches, struggling in the Vine d'Asti ! Ealing a dinner P The flies are eating the dinner, and I am eat- ing the flies. Header, I am, at this present writing, at the seaside on a hot day, in a beautiful lodg- ing the Jane cbIIb it), where I myself am bottled like a wasp upon a southern wall, very much pleased with flies, very hot, very angry, and very ready to sting. Yes. There it goes. One of those mighty buzzers, those enormous flesh-flies-emblems of gigantic fussiness, types of terrific power of boredom-has just whirled into the apartment, and continues sharply to whir about, stirring up the smaller fly gentry, making a preponderant base to their tiresome treble, dashing furiously against walls, ceiling, window-panes ; of course never finding its stupid way out through any widely opened casement- buzz, Buzz, buzz. Ah ! he 18 silent. Is he goneP No, only entangled in the muslin curtain, where he now makes most unmusical, most melancholy) a quiver- ing, dithering sound, like a watch running down when the main spring is broken, Then loose again, and escape, with his Buzz, buzz! fuss, fuss then really resting for a few moments, only to get up fresh energy, and make his drone the worse for the short relief of silence. I must let out roy rage. " Nothing believes a man," says Burns, " like a good hearty blast of execration." O, thou world pld plague, there abominable Beelzebub (for that is thy true Satanic name a name that means, in good old Sj read, a muck-fly, truly indicative of the nature and lineage), did not the ancient enemy of mankind, as soon as he had succeeded in his designs under the ser- pent's form, resume thine, the true aboriginal fly-form, that he might for ever plague those Whom, having injured, he hated P Is it not under the form of a fly that thou has sucked old women in the nape of the neck, leaving they hateful mark behind, whereby poor old Dame Alice, or Mother Sarawell (as the case might be was convicted of witchcraft and commerce with the devil, and so was ducked tUl she was drowned, or was burnt at the stake, or was hanged by the neck till she was dead \- To drop the apostrophised style, which in the long run gets tiresome, 1 have beheld with my own eyes what an old grudge is that Of man against the flies. Our injuries are of a long date. At Pompeii, in the old Roman guard- house, I have seen written a soldier's malediction on the many flies. I have seen it will not plague my reader with the original, which besides, I have forgotten) entangled in red chalk, covered up for centu- ries restored fresh as to-day to bear witness to eternal truth. Who is the most intolerable terment in dark him, an insatiable blood-sucker, an insinuating devil that gets into the minutest rent in the clothes, hangs on to the eye-lids, and chooses all the tender parts of the body wherein to insert its hilarious proboscis The midge-fly as Dr Hooker Joseph Dalton Hooker will certify in his Himalayan journal. Who brought me to shame and grief last Friday (day of ill-omen: I'll never give a dinner party on that day again when the round of beef was set before me and my expectant friends was found to be converted into carrion fit, or even not fit for the dogs P The flesh fly as my sister Jane will take her bible oath pt. Who made me rap out an oath and kick my dogS Fly, everlasting fly. Occasional mischiefs I understand ; lions I pardon ; serpents I tolerate (they do not come across me); Sorrows and trials are man's lot, and have their good side ; but flies are the great problem of existence dirty, tormenting, small, irritating morally useless flies ! Flies as to whom maligned Nero "Was the benefactor of mankind. Two meetings of Parliament and two Booyal Messages within three months must, of course, compose the steadier sort of politicians. What can Ministers promise in the month of May, what can the Opposition find to give them battle upon, when Law Reforms and a half discussed Bubget from the only programme which Government or public Opinion has marked out for the Session P Lord Palmerston meets the new House of Commons with his majority of seventy or thereabouts. In the" ordinary course of things his opponents would look out for an opportunity of attack, even with the certainty of being beaten ; they would not care about proving their numerical weakness it they could carry off the honours of a debate. But they have wasted their power and shown their- game in the little session which has Elosed. We can give them credit for not having formed any extended combinations, or united in any well organised coalition, for in such a case we should have had something more strategical in the plan of campaign. Naples, and Persia, and China, and financial extravagance would have been brought up, one after the other, with all the skill of a General disposing of his resources. But, as it is, the Opposition have had their say in a de- sultry and ineffective manner on everything which has turned up, or is likely to turn up uring-the twelvemonth. Mr Gladstone has been economical j Mr Disraeli, beginning at the Austrian frontier, has followed the Join torial policy all round the globe; Lord John Russell has intimated his distrust of the Premier's Liberalism and hinted at his own capacity to satisfy the long cherished wishes of the nation for further Reform. So we have had it all. The Opposition chiefs have appeared each in his chosen character of deep thinking financier, or temperate re Spector of international rights, or high minded constitutional reformer, and have asked the nation to decide between them and the Minister. The answer of the nation has been unmistakeable. What, then, is left for these ardent assailants P Will they return again to the charge on the subject of Austria, or Central America, or China, or the Duty on Tea P The country will probably think it has had enough of these theories, and the Opposition will reluctantly confess that in too great eagerness to inflict a wound it has wasted recklessly all the arrows in its quiver. So it seemed last night, for scarcely a word was said in either House by way of objection to a Speech which certainly did not err on the side of promise. In this we think the new Parliament showed its discretion. Practical men, indeed, who know the complexity of law, the caution required in dealing with it, and the constructive power necessary for framing any Act which changes its working, will not consider the establishment of a Court of Probate and a Court of Divorce, the remodelling of the Parliamentary Oath so as to admit the Jews, together with a scheme for punishing criminal breaches of trust and purifying the commercial intercourse of the nation, too little work for a three months' Session, with some stiffly and contested Estimates and a good crop of election petitions. Let our readers call to mind any three months of Parliamentary work which their memory can furnish, and decide for themselves whether more is likely to be done by any Government between this and August, regard being had to Opposition motions, Nicaraguan difficulties Chinese questionings and discussions, not to mention the crotchets of private members Maynooth, the Ballot, and Tenant-right. Indeed, we shall be satisfied- we would almost say surprised if even the little paragraph concerning Law Reform be fully realized. That Testamentary jurisdiction Bill is to most of us a fond reminiscence of long past years. We can almost believe that if some Rip Van Winkle were to sink to slumber now and wake some 20 years hence, the first newspaper he would take up would contain an article declaring that the time had really come when the advancing spirit of the age demanded an examination into the constitution and working of the Ecclesiastical Courts, Let us, then, not look down on this promise of Law Reform ; it will, we feel sure, be found no such easy thing to accomplish, and the Nemesis which waits on price may punish those who counted on too easy a victory over the steady garrison of Doccora'-commons. The new House may not be disposed to hasten its own premature destruction, but of course such a fund of p litical capital as is furnished by the Reform question will not be neglected by a certain class of politicians. We shall probably have no actual full-grown Reform Bills during the present session, after the declaration of Lord Palmerston yesterday. The Ministry has resolved to devote the short period of this year which remains for legisla- tion to the passing of practical measures which are likely to meet with no obstacle, except such as may arise from the complexity of their details and the natural inertness of the assemblies which are to sanction them. During the recess they promise to devote themselves to Parliamentary Reform. The details of their measure will be known in February, 1858, and not earlier. Lord Palmerston will give no sign of his intentions, and he is wise for whatever might be the scope of his Re- form Bill, he would be at once under double fire. The allied but diverse hosts of the opposition would attack him from different quarters. Government would be denounced , as revolutionary by one party and retrograde by another. It would be a fine thing for the Conservatives to extort an indiscreet pledge against a large Reform by inveighing against any proposed measure, while the ultra Libe- rats roused their respective localities against the Minister who held out no hope of the Ballot or the Lodging Suffrage. So Lord Palmerston will say nothing. Sufficient unto the session is the labour thereof. He says what has been done, and what it is intended to do. The treaty of Paris has been executed, the Neuchatel business is coming to a close, the settlement of the Persian difference has been completed, the redemption of the Sound Dues has been carried into effect. On the other hand, there are negotiations respecting Central America, and there is work to be done on the Chinese coast ; then there are the Bud- get and the Law Reforms. Attend to these, he pays in effect, and you will not find the time too long for the labour. We shall be much surprised if next August we can congratulate upon the complete fulfilment of even the modest programme with which he has opened the first Session of his new Parlia- ment. Times. 