DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual meeting of the Diocesan Synod took place at the Chapter House on Tuesday. Present— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock, Revs. Messrs. Marryat, Russell, Pollitt, Schoales, Evans, Bay- field, Packard, Jenkins, Titherington, Cooper, Neville, Fulford, Coombs, Farr, Strickland, Sheldon, and Need- ham, Ministers and Deacons; and the following Synods men: — Messrs. Tomkinson, Moore, Stocks, MacDermott, S. Goode, T. Wilson, W. A. Hughes, G. W. Hawkes, N. Blyth, Jickling, Platts, Pelham, Dollman, J. S. Sanders, C. B. Young, Helmsby, H. P. Denton, Wicksteed, Cob- bett, F. T. Smith, Butler, and H. Gilbert. ^ : The Lord Bishop then read his Pastoral Address as follows:— ?' ' ,'--? ? - ??'.'?? f.;' Reverend and Dear Brethren— If I thought that such; meetings as the present drew away our minds from dependence-upon the Giver of all spiritual strength ; if I say It led us to lean entirely upon carnal wisdom, and so to 'sacrifice unto our own -net' and burn jncense to our own drag' (Hsb. i. :6), then T should deeply regret having- been the instrument of Introducing Synodal action- -into this diocese. But {being persuaded from the -Scriptures that the strength of the primitive Church, next under the power of trje Holy Ghost, lay in the union of - apostles, elders, and brethren,' and the common interest they took in the evangelization of the world ; when I found this diocese suddenly placed, so far as regarded its relations with tho civil j government and temporal endowments, in the con dition of the .primitive Church, it became an obvious duty, to recur to those elements of strength which arc inherent in the apoatolie organizition. Nor was I un willing, if God permitted, to show that a branch of the Churpb, fostered, protected, exalted, but in some mea sure i fettered by the. State for more than 12 centuries, copla yet rely for support upon 'the affection of its mem* bers, | and draw out into active exercise their liberality wi^hifut .-subjecting; .the ministry to an bumiliating-'and n'lBcriptural Bubsecsiency. Such was the problem to be solved -Buch the crucial experiment .to be tried in our. disesi ablished Church. ... ? t;.. ,-? . .- ??? '?, ? .-, . ,;' Whatever might have been the possibility in the early stage of colonial history for, the Imperial Parliament to bwe legislated for the portions of the National Es tablished Church tt'iisplan ted to. the colonies, the diffi culties became insuperable, when self-government and const tutional charters were conceded, to each depen dency bf^the/ British Empire. The ?' lex loci' would then, to a great degree, supersede the action of the Imperi -1 Legislature ; and among other topics the rela tions jf. the Church of England to* the Colonial Govern ment would: become: matter. foe local rather than im perial legislation. - ? ??' ? i: - . '.- ? ..'Under these circumstances three courses alone re mained. Either tbe Bishop would have to administer tho diqceaejiiid_£xerciae_ discipline-^)n- the absolute *u thbrity granted by his letters patent, or-.seek legal autho rity ofer his clergy by Ordinance of the Local Legisla ture, or by mutual compact between tbe. Bishop, clergy, and laity establish a system of self- regulation, to which the civil la-jc would so. Jar. give effect as to uphold tho agreemeuts fairly inade between the respective parties to such compact, and, fairly carried out according to its provisions;- ' ?'':., : , ., .'.'.;.,-, , 'That the latter was' the mOie suitable arid' wiser coursa to be pursued no .one acquainted ? with this' colony and tho feelings of its inhabitants 'will, I think,; be inclined to doubt. This difficulty, however, occurred, that under the Act of Submission, 25 Henry VJU.,;it was held by many to be- Unlawful for the clergy o tnettand discuss any ecclesiastical matter, however necessary for the preservation of the Church or the ad vancement of true' religion. '-That yoke,- however, of londage was found, upon enquiry, to be more imaginary hari reaL The present Attorney-General of England, Sir C. Bethel!, Sir F. Kelly, and Mr. Napier, of the Irish bari'iirondunced it to be perfectly legal for the Bishop of Adelaide to assemble his Diocesan. Synod in order to lake auch ' by- laws' for tbe management of the local interests of the diocese, and the internal discipline of its memberv-as militated neither against tho civil law of the colony nor the ecclesiastical lawof the United Church of England and Ireland ? As Supreme Head qv.ee that Church, the Q leen could ngt admit, on appeal to the Judicial Committee of Her Privy Council, any diocesan regulation at variance with the general law and principles of that Church. - r.. '? i i f Such' being the' limits within which any colonial Bishoplmay proceed to organize his diocese, it would be absurd,' on the one hand, . for any Diocesan- Synod,' As sembly; or Convention to attempt to make decrees binding upon other parties than those who voluntarily enter into tbe compact, as it is, on the other, to deny theiezality of such Synods making by-laws bindisg on the Bishop,: clergy, and laity who shall'agree to abide by them. .-?? ' ? ??'?????' -' : 1 11 have dwelt more fully on this matter, because I have observed from time to time - insinuations made as if our Synod was illegal, and elsewhere the like -objection, has been mVde to voluntary conventions and compacts of the Bishops, clergy, and laity in the colonial dioceses, a$ if they alone of all Protestant communions were to be denied such a portion of religious freedom. . ? ;' The necessity of our ..entering into such compacts and declaring such rules is further evident from the tact oCreal and personal property having been put in trust for the sappoft;and'advaacement of the Church of Eng land in fhis province. It is . burely- proper then that the specific trusts on which such property is held should be declared embracing ,of, course the fundamental principles - -of our Reformed Episcopal Church,. ht r. acknowledged doctrine?, and the liturgical offices and ceremonies, which she has inherited from Christian antiquity. On the one handTit would be useless to declare ruki and principles without makinsf the property assigned for the support of the Church subject to those rules ; and on. the other, to put -property in trust for the benefit of the Church of Kngla'nd^ without specifying the distinctive principles of ?that, Church, and the mode whereby adherence to those principles by the ministers and officers of the -various congregations shall be secured, will only sow .the seeds of, future dispute, -litigation, and possiblo disruption. Without sonie such system diocesan union is nominal rather than real, and the scriptural authority of the Jishop exposed to undue impediments whenever it may become necessary te bring it into exercise. - -. ? , ? ' Under these views draft regulations, and a draft trust* dofd embodying thoBe regulations, upon the plan of John \Veslej's model trust- deed (under which the whole property belonging to, the Weslejan Society is at present vested and administered), were drawn up under high legal and eccle siastical advice in England. 'I he discussion, hOwever.'of tho regulations occupied so much time, -and involved questions so momentous to the very existence of our Ghurch, as a branch of the United Church of England and Ireland established by law, that it was thought ad .yjsable tq defer, the consideration of the draft truat-deed to future sessions of the Synod; and meanwhile ' whereto ,we had attained to walk by the same rule.', Accordingly, only so much of the original design of the ' compact' as k embodied in th_- regulations was proposed and adopted by the Bishop, clergy, and lay representatives in behalf of the ecclesiastical parishes, in witness whereof they signed .the Si nodal compact; but it was upon the plain under standing that the parishes which by their representatives had assented to the regulations would be bound to enforce the acts of the Bishop or Synod done in confor mity Kith, those regulations. That such moral obliga tion exists no one who has considered the: matter doubts ; but; nevertheless, it is not clear, at least 'wiUiout some formal provision to that effect introduced into the trust- deeds of tho several Churches, and some act of the 'existing trustees, taken in accordance with the wishes of their, respective vestries, accepting such provision, that such 'trustees could be compelled to give effect to Hie sentence of the Bishop, after verdict of the Synodal Assessors, wherever it involved suspension from or deprivation of the temporalities of the— incumbency; 'Wlth6ut this s'ep it would appear tbat the Synodal' .compact will fail to take legal effect. The civil 'Courts -will look to tha trust-deeds in any question , jna-olving the possession of the property, and to inch lawful jurisdiction as is conferred Upon the' Bishop by the letters patent creating the See, subject always to 'the general ecclesiastical law.of :the Mother Church. ' It is .need jess tp- expatiate on. the delay, difficulty, and ex pense In litigation. which might thus be occasioned. The ?cQropact'theaJsasjet inooraplete and inoperative- and, fsb far.;the obligations arising from, it, as regird the .Bijhop and clergy who have signed it, are necessarily -provisional. The laity, indeed, have accepted it by their representatives. It remains for them to assist in giving it due' legal efficacy by a , model declaration of trusts for: .ecclesiastical property given, whether for diocesan or '?parochial nurppaeivand some provision recognising the authority ef Synod, to be incorporated in all, existing 'trust-deeds. . 'This isievidently necessary for effective discipline, be ? danse otherwise it is easy to conceive the case of trustees, .in, whom the legal estate of the church and parsonage -is- vesfeid, re using to give effect to ? the sentence, of deprivation or suspension pronounced by the Bishop in Synod upon a clergynun convicted of doctrinal error or ecclesiastical ndsconduot, to say nothing of immorality.- ? ??' '''It Is'^ecessary,- alsoIIia order to secure the religious independenpe-'of the Churches, unfettered by the action1 of civil tribunals, because it is the inherent rigttt.of every branch of the Church of Christ to try its own morobcrs-.for breaches of Hi3 law, and, if found guilty, to expe! them from communion. If tho ministers of oriy: Church are made fully aware of the terms on which they are admitted, and belong to it ; if, when accused, Jhiey are tried lairly according to the rules of that Church, and. being found guilty, are sen tenced- to loss of temporal advantages which they hoW hi Yirtue.'of spiritual. offices therein, I hold it to be beyond the Bco'pe of the civil magistrate and civil tribu nals to take cognizance of the truth or falsehood of the doctrines Jield by that body or its rules, provided neither ?'issuo'in acts prejudicial to tho public morals or the peace of society. If we render unto Ca33ar Char's things, let ' ijofr Cteaar intrude into ' questions of ouf 'lsw,rof which \- matter» he is not necessarily a judge.' Such questions, indeed, come under the cognizance of the Courts in Eng land, because the Church is incorporated with the Stafo, arid vast property is .held In virtue of strict adherence to ? certain' modes of worsiip and doctrinal statement. -Here the State ignores political connection with all and etery branch of the Universal Church. It cannot, there fore1, justly claim. a riglit to pass judgment upon the -distinctive doctrines, whether of Congregational Inde pendency, or of Wesleyan Methodism, or of the Church of. Borne, any more thanof- the- United Church vf England ?iri(J;Ireland. --., .-.j :.v^ .'.'-'?-?? ?'? : :.''?.- ' ? ?. '-?J*£rhe range of legal enquiry I consider to be limited to this:— Incase cf a minister of any of those, bodies *u5er tempora,Ho53- in. name' or property, by the eecle^' ?Siastical authorities recognlsedj In those Dodies. : ''Were-' you a volontary msmber pf the society ? Were you -fairly tried according to its rules ? Are the facts and evidence on which you are- found guilty and sentenced' true?' If they arc, then I maintain it is the simple duty \- of the civil judze to give effect to each particular *.eom 'paet/ and to refusodamagGS for possible loss of Chirac ? ter_or benefice 'to any, person duly censured or de ^pflv^d by the, recoguised- ecclesiastical authority of the ^ChuteH to which he belongs. ? : ?'? '-**,!» illustration of my meaning I adduce the case of the ??Rev^John Koberts, lately serving in this dio&se.; On ??evidence of the clearest character, confirming the charge of -intoxication, « I obtained from him the -surrender ' of his provisional licence. He demanded to hear the chirce in the presence of the Registrar of the diocese and 'tha1 Yen. Archdeacon Woodcock. He admitted his guilt, by surrendering his licence; yet for complying with his request to statelhe charge- in the presence of two wlt -iiesses^-t ivas subjected to an action for libel, with the posatb|nty of damages, and all the costs of the suit, although I was-bouna by w/y spiritual ofnee as'BlBhbp/ 'iaAMf my legal'anthorlCT hrider the letters 'pateHVi enquire into the case and -suspend the1 6ffender:r/lV-ff&¥ anqUflstiotiably a. privileged communication, and is sue -teiuTd:ha-^ been protected by tbe law. Agalnj the txAe iBdJvMna, after having surrendered his licence, clafinra to be tried according to the regulations of the ?Synodr— Hi«-ffl«metid-w8s--laid--before- the -Standing' Committeee, and I feltmorauS'' compelled to' state the gronpdf on which I haa^HeffiT'TM f'gr'i' was a pri~ vtttgtd com^^tieii^etttotthifetedme.neverthdBSST to fta ie^6^foi1ibelf7,^ie law|ia thus'turnea Intpsah - enjrine-pfpersetyitifan,' fbt if, waeniver Church tiisoipline ' is -fulxeni0teei^h3.'0ffendcr,'can^suhiect_ihc.l3ishopi^ other Church oflk.cr.to : actions;: forlibel, tho religious ndependence of non'establbhed. voluntary Churches is a nere delusjcctf- 4n action.- for'llbel may as; well 'b0' ajricted against the. Modetatarof a Free Church or the President of a Conference by some expelled preacher (if there be such cases), as by a suspended deacon against a Bishop of the Church of England! ;. ''Lastly, for the acquisition and management of pro perty,:it ,is ;nccessary that: the Synod, or Churehrepre- ' sentaUvedf Vhe diocefc, Bbould have something more: than a precarious, existenco. Iff hen it was agreed by the Bishop, cle'rey/and -laity. in .conference assembled. that there should3-e an annual, Syuod, it was not anticipated that vestries might refuse to elect representatives, and that the action of the Church miiht thus be paralysed, 'hq possibility of obstructive proceedings ia, however, appju-ent. Tbe consequence is .that it would be_ impos sible for trustees ta-'-tfefolve,' whera.suoh power is given them, upon a body which' might cea^e to exist or its executive Standing Committee tne management of funds assigned by the donors, for the advencemeut of the Church. The like contingency also compromises the existence of a Corporate body of diocesan trustees, for the iSynod which is to elect them might become defunct. Tho non-incorporation of such a body has hitherto ren dered it impossible to convey to the highly-respectable gentlemen flrst.chosen as diocesan trustees any property, real or personal, as was originally Intended. 'Another consideration alstvpTesentR itself. Unless the vestries, which have accepted tne Synodal regulations, re quire by a legal instrument the trustees of their parochial temporalities to enforce tho decisions ef the Synod, how wiHJt.be. just to appropriate Church funds- in aid of or for the endo-rment ,of guch parishes -which might aftewards, at any time, choose, to repudiate the Synod, and nullify the. diocesan united action of the Church ? - ' The remedy for these possible embroilments, then, is to carry on to completion the eompact in its designed integrity:- ' 'L Provision accordingly should be made for filling up parochial vacancies in Synod, in default of election. ? '?. The incorporation of Diocesad and Parochial Trus tees; or of Select Vestries, annually elected at the Easter Vestry, should, if possible, be procured. ' 3. A model deed of trust, reciting the essential prin ciples of our Episcopal Church, which should form part of every parochial trust-deed, before such parish is ad mitted into union with the Synod, or to participation in the funds held for the benefit of this Diocesan Church, should be .prepared;, in which case: tha. Bishop would'* refuse to consecrate any new , church, or license a mi nister thereto, unless the trust-deed contained the required provisions. At the same time, other regulations might- be suggested in the model deeaY but left as non essential to the photo' 6f the founders, especially those relating to' ther patronage, in which, perhaps, variety in ? the mode of vesting is desirable. -.,,.... ~~' '4 A clause recognising the Synod, and binding Pa rochial Trustees to carry into effect its decisions and regulations, should, be introduced Into existing trust deeds, which would thus be brought into harmony with their1 processed object, namely, to maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England and Ireland in this province. .[.'?'.., ' Having thus explained my views of the present state at which we have arrived jn the organization of this dioce6e,_as_Kell atthajfiasona jshich appear to me con elusive for carrying on the work to completion, I have to direct your attention to its financial position, with respect both to parochial and general fhnds. I know it has been' customary to reproach,- the members of our Church fof backwardness and parsimony in raising funds for ecclesiastical c-bjectij ; .Undoubtedly, passing from an endowed Church' at home to one In the colony dependent, for the support of }ts ministers and ordinances on the voluntary offerings of the people, the members of the Church of England havo great need to be reminded of their duty in this respect. Yet, considering the sums raised for church and parsonage building, pew rents, missionary and incumbent stipends, authorized fees, monthly and Bacramental offerings, occasional collections, and Sunday Echools/I doubt whether there is much reason for being, ashamed, when we compare the exertions of pious indi viduals amongst, us -with .those of other communions.. At this p'resenttlnje, or during the past year, the follow ing churches have been the objects for. which moneys, have been collected t^-Sr. Luke's (repayment of loau from Society for Promoting Christian . Knowledge) ; ehristchurch, North Adelaide;. St. P,aul's, South Ade laide j St. Andrew's, Walkeryitle:, St. George's, Gawler; St. Paul's, Port Adelaide ; St: Bartholomew, s. Norwood ; St. Stephen's, Willunga; St. Michael's. Mi'teham; St. Peter's, Glenelg; St. Mary-on-Siurt; St.' Mary, Koo ringa ; as well as churches at Campbellto wn, Macclesfield, Kapunda, Bivcrtun, Hamilton, and Yankalilla. A par sonage has been completed at Hindinarsh, and otbets set on foot at Woodville and llitcham. - - Pew rente ? £2,983 0 0 'Monthly collections ... ... 1,135.3 9J t Sacramental and other offerings 590 19 11 ' ~. Church building, 4c ? 6,130 0 0: ' Parsonage do ? 700 0 0 ' £11,559 3 8i ? Mbssionary stipends .V. ... 7oO 0 0 : : ; £12^09 3 81 ; 'In spite, however, ofthe sums thus collected,, the pro vision made for the support of ministers in several places is wholly insufficient ; in others not equal to the fitting comfort and independen e of the clerical office. If the theory oftho Church of England is correct, viz^to place a well-educated and able minister in pastoral charge of limited parochial districts, then steps should he taken to secure to such persons a reasonable prospect , of suffi cient support. Undoubtedly it is well to use (as ? for, as can 'rightly be done) the assistance of pious, laymen who are able and willing 'to minister liturgical services,: in the absence of a clergyman, to the brethren; but a very judicious selection is required of persons duly qualified ; and, after all, the essential duties of tha presbyter and deacon cannot be delegated to them. If in parochial districts of large area several deacons could be placed as assistants to and under supervision of a presbyter, we: might then embrace within tha: ministrations of the Church a larger body, of worshippers. The extended employment of deacons,' however, in .detached cures, of souls has necessitated the intioductioii of the old office of deans rural — Presbyters who shall visit such outlying places, inspecting the state and progress of ecclesiastical - and religious matters, and administering the Lord's Sripper in those churches at given times. For such ministrations, and othors of a like character, clergymen of superior pastoral experience and higher theoWical attainment are needed. The means whereby the ex penses of such service and recompense of- such attain ments may be provided are happily to be found in the property held in trust under their charter, by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel expressly for 'the maintenance of a missionary clergy,' and others of* a' more ' learned' character. The documents ' laid, before you by the attorneys will show the income and- expenditure during the past year. . 'And here I am forcibly reminded of the late -William Allen, the greatest temporal benefactor, next after Mi-s Burdett Coutts, which this diocese has as yet been per mitted to know. Soon after a serious illness at the beginning of last year had warned him that 'his days were numbered, unknown to me, he took care to make his' munificent bequest of £5,000 in aid. of purposes con templated by the Pastoral Aid Fund; ' Hs named myself, as Bishop, sole trustee to invest the capital and apply, the proceeds' in the manner above specified. The in vestment has been completed in satisfactory landed securities, and a sum of £500 will become available drfring the ensuing twelve months. In order to fulfil my duty us Trustee I have endeavoured to ascertain the exact purposes' contemplated by the old Pastoral Aid Fund, and those rules which reflection and experience have suggested to the 8tandlng Committee as best adapted for expending the income. I cannot better specify the former than by using the following language from the revised draft of Trust Deed*— 'The object of the Pastoral Aid Fund shall be to afford aid to ministers 'whose, parishes are, in the opinion of the Diocesan Synod,* unable without such aid . to provido for their adequate maintenance; and -towards the sup port of clergymen to itinerate in outlying district*.' Such being- the specific objects of the Pastoral Aid Fqnd, it remains to determiue the rules by which the Trustee shall be guided in applying the proceeds of the Allen Fund. Here the report of a Committee appointed to report to the Synod on matters referring to the Pas toral Aid Fund,- October a, 1866, furnishes valuable ail. After tracing the decrease of that fund partly to the ' want of fixed principles of appropriating,' the report proceeds to reconuxtend that in the case of existing in cumbencies' aid should be granted only for a period of from one to' three yrars from tho date of recognition asi a parish, and that. .the maximum, yearly, amount panted to any parish, .should be £K-. No rule, however, is specified for,' granting',. aid- to. mission aries { but, as the ' latter; .appointment implies a widely scattered and thin population, It may be assumed that extraneous support is still more necessary . in this case than where an incumbent minister has been already settled. The ma-imum rate in this case should not exceed, I think, £100 per , annum, . the- .allow*-, ance now granted from the. Stipend Fund. . of the Society for_ the^ Propagation' of. the . GospeL to the missionary districts, of Port Elliot and Salisbury. The grant is also limited to 'a1 period of three years. \- ,' Assuming, ,theB,;the8e to be, tho fixed, objects, and go-: neral rules for' appropriating, ^ha proceeds of tha Allen Fund, it will only remain' to determine, from time to time, what incumbencies require aid and what districts should , be placed under missionary superintendence. The latter; by the 18th Fundamental. Provision; ig left .to ? the care of the; Bishop,' who, withthe Archdeacon and Rural Dews', will probably be best able to determine the districts where missionaries are ifiost neefled. The rela- : tive wants of the poorer ' incumbencies, arid the. proper classification of them with respect to the'ainount of aid to be granted to each, will be more satisfactorily deter .pained by the Standing Committee, care being taken to place on' that Committee a sufficient representation of the rural incumbencies. Aided 'by their .advice, in this matter, I should be relieved, as Trustee, 'from ^ large amount of j vexatious responsibility. . .' '?..'.',','.,. ... Much,however,of tho uncertaintyandfluctuatihg course of proaedure, with respect to the distribution of the ori ginal Pastoral Aid Fund, arose from the Standing Com; mittee not being a permanent body. Changing fromyear to year its members vary, neither are the same individuals always present at consecutive meetings. Much time and ldiFCU3si0D have thus been thrown away, simply from want .of acquaintance with the details Of what had previously been 7 done,' and tbe rules which have guided the deci Bion. , ) erhaps a Board of Finance to consider and re commend grants in aid1 to the Standing Committee at their monthly meeting wou'd be found convenient. It is quite right that the Church at large should be satis fied that the funds placed in trust for tho advancement , of its religious ordinances are Carefully managed and impartially employed a;co' ding to the purposes intended by the donors. The account*, therefore, of receipt and expenditure should be annually laid be'ore Synod, when any information ; required could be elicited ; but for the management of property, a permanent Bosrd, such as the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, or an incorporated body of trustees, is preferable to an annually shifting Committee. To that Board the investments of the Allen Fund have been communicated while in progress, and I take this opportunity of expres sing- my sense of the services rendered by the Hon. John Morphettto the diocese by his judicious advice in the management of tbe Society's property. . . 'I would now invite the special attention of Synod to the statistics of the diocese in their tabular form— ! : Communicants ? '... .£43 -Marriages ? :; ? :;:?...' 62i- Baptised . ? ... ,., -.-.-- ...1,003 Sunday School Teachers,,;.'. ,-;...-? ;~_. 163 - Scholars ... .'.i v ...''. ? 1,900 They wfll point out better, than any ' language of mica the sure effect of a diligent and faithful p&storate; wherever it is exerciaed/^riiBtBireasoH 10 -tnuik that' thereturns are' strictly accurate; attid white they 6how a small torease in the number of communicants they Bi-.crsr 'also that, 6u-fy refulfc :;is . coDfinedto thoso places where the resident pastors influence is continuously broueht to bear on the spiritual prpgress of the people. A ministry ofliturgical service only on the. Lord's Day is never sufficiently in contact jnith individual minds to lead them.up to spiritual JelTowship with the Redeemer in the Supper of the Cross., Here especially personal conference between minister and the believer is essen tially necessary. Without it there may be many hearers, but few will present themselves at the feast of Divine love. ?' ? ' It is with great satisfaction thaf I am able .to report an extension during the past year of our home missions The large and important district compri ing the valleys of the light and Gilbert were in April of that jeir placed under the care of the Rev.'F. P. Strickland, whose labours at Kapuuda, Eire-. on, Hamilton, and Broadbent,'have been* much blessed.' At the same time from KoOTinga, Mr IbheUon;- Ijas. ..visited -tbo stations ?northTrard as far a3 Mount' Serie,'ahd' Mr.' Wood has -paid-pastoral visits to Port VVAkefield.- Port Augusta, CmMBrobk, and Mount Bemajrkable; '_.,,.::.;_: - r' ,*rhe-Bev. W. B. Andrews ^so comnwivsed -n.Sep-, °t«nl!iB»Iakt t-J iUnerate in the Mosquito Plai&s;* visiting in, turtfPenola, Mount Gambler, the stations on tfte '€&nife;:rind. ^e rising township of Bobe^wvaulchen Uy. This large dfatriet, more than sufficient to employ twocUrgymen at least, has at length, after too long way,- own-placed mia^rtho^rtoirarearei^a^elFquTiiiIP ' ted m&sionatr; !Thus the nrworirie 'of ^oor clergy fair ? been^ felt ^nd^thankruUy ackuowtedsred lontherutnWsl «0nflnes of_th«- pto«nce.' ? From- Mount Ssr e on! tlrt north to'tbeuicnelg- bnthcfastoar Church fiia'bcen privileged to preach the Gospel at tha stations of th* 'to bush. A missionary ode-Ron has also been-rtationed at; Salisbury, with good hope that; by assiduity end eonslsi ' tenoy, he will gather in a settled congregation ia tha township, aa- well' as minister to thS rcembers of our5 Church amid the hills and vallpy-rof the Para' Bt-ogef,''' ' ?'While thus, with an inadequate number of clehry Va I have ministered to the remoter settlers/by the good jW'' videnee ofGcd I have been enabled to maintain, with' the exception of Woodside and Baihannah; full services in all tKe existing churches, although eompell- d, for that ?purpose, to confine my own ministrations for more than a twelvemonth to one single church and congregation. The recent arrival of a competent clergyman wiU'cnabt'e' me to resume the more general jrrsonal oversight of tfce diocese, which, with the exception of a brief visit tothe' Native Institution at Poonitidee, has b«en temporarily' suspended'. 1 am thankful to report that, 'under the care of Mr. Hammond', recently ordained deacon, the happi-' ness, wellbeing, and spirirtnl trainincr of the natlte chil dren has apparently Buffered no diminution 'from- the removal of Archdeacon Hale. Yonr fellow--STUod8man, , Major Warbnrton, who accompanied me ~to Poonindcp, will bear witness to the satisfactory results of this Insti tution. ?'''?'''. 'I have thus briefly touched upontho general drcum*., stances of the'Chureh during the past year. It remains . to lay before you the information I have received con cerning the* state and progress of vital religion amongst us. f From the cl'J- clergy I am happy to learn that a large proportion ofthe adult population is in the habit of attending divine service, and a like proportion of chil dren attending day and Sunday schools. In some of the city, and suburban churches there ia a considerable increase In the number of communicants. It is in the country districts, where pastoral personal communi cation is necessarily infrequeut, that tho number bears little proportion to the attendants on divine worship. The; state of Inward religion is by some considered un satisfactory, yet many of tbo clergy speak decidedly of improvement, and of more cheering prospects for the future. There is then enough to encouiage exertion without ministering to self-complacency, and much to humble without casting into despondency. As ministers, however, let us never forget that the true way to lead the people forward is for (he clergy to be 'examples to tha flock, giving no offence in anything, that the ministry bo not blamed.' 'Brethren, pray for us.' Doubtless your sincere prayers for your ministers will tot be left without an effectual answer. .. . . 'I rejoice to observe that our Sunday-echools still keep rip their numbers, except where the removal of the minister has caused a temporary falling off. And here I would entreat all those members of our Church who feel the value of souIb, and bless God in Christ for having called them to ' so great B&lvatio-i;,' to offeri them selves ? willingly as teachers in tbe Sunday- scno-ils. The ' great, the pressing want, is want of competent teachers. This is at once the eflect and cause of inef fective personal religion. : The battle of vital evangelical Christianity is. to be fought in the Sundayschool. Kveryday the tendency of the world to secular, latitu dinaiian, rationalistic- teaching becomes more and more] painfully. evident. In your Sunday-schools you arc at leMt free- to teach the truth, tho whole truth, and nothing but the truth— tbe Bible, tbe whole Bible; and nothing bnt tho- Bl le. Here, then, is the vantage ground ot the. Christian minister and true believers ; and woe be to us if we make no use,- or no effectual use,' of our liberty. Again, I entreat all who love the 'Lord Jesus Christ out of a pure heart fervently to engage hi this work.; And I would implore my brethren;' in every Sunday- school, to have a class training under their own immediate inspection for tha fits of confirmation; 'and full membership in the privileges of tbe Chureh. .- ? ? ? ' I might naturally allude in this portion of my addro-s to certain painful events which have' troubled our' Church during tbe past year: I am humbled indeed, and ashamed to advert to them, but dare not pass' them' br in total silence. -This passing allusion, however, shall be coupled with the prayer 'that tho scandal and ex posure ofthe unhappy man Who has recently gone out from' among us- may. bo overruled to his own correction. 'I have also to statetliat I have received a memorial from the, Churchwardens and congregation of 8t Luke's, praying1 ? me to remove my censnrc from their 'minister. I have not thought fit as yet to corripry with fhe brayer of that memorial., If the Synod is satisfied 'from the' ac companying document that the clergyman so ecnrartd is heartily sorry for his misdoing, it will be, of -coarse,' satisfactory to release him from that censure which ho' has sevorely felt, .-..?...: ? i.. ' In conclusion, allow me once more to invite the atten tion of Synod to theneccsstty of securing the enforcement of discipline by the provisions of trust-deeds. 1 regret to ' say that in consequence of the want of such legal provi sion, it has not been in my power to. arrange the matters connected with the church at Glen Osmond— obstrucV tivc as the state of ecclesiastical affairs in that district habbeen to the progress of roHgUm, the peace of the church, and those high objects which it was tho design of so liberal an endowment to promote,' ; ' '. . Tbe Sbcbetibv' read the. following report of . the. Standing Committee:— ' ' .?? ' Annual Report otthe Standing Committee. . ? 'The Standing Committee, having taken into their careful consideration during the past. year the, various' matters referred to them by the Synod, heg to sabmiti the following as the result of their labours, viz.-— - -??? '1. Parochial TBUst-DEEn.— After much deliber* tion the Committee have, agreed to certain 'suggestions, - embodying tho essential points- for the proper manage ment of churches and ; lands, to be vested in parochial ? trustees, a copy of which is hereby annexed. If thew suggestions are adopted by Synod, the Committee woiild ' recommend that a model deed should be drawn up in accordance with them for the benefit of f such congrega tions as choose to adopt it.'' When such model deed is completed the Committee' would 'suggest that It should be submitced to the trustees of the variouiTchurches in the diocese, in order that, if adopted by them, their respective churches may be brought into union With the'. Synod, in accordance with Fundamental Provisions Xos. 13 and 14. - . ? ;-, ; '2. DiocKSi'irTBirsT-DJiBn:— Tho object, of tbis deed, is the management ' of property' conveyed to the trustees . of the diocese for general or special purposes.' .The Standing Committee have drawn up tho accompanying suggestions for such a deed. .On suggestion No. 4, eiri powering three trustees to execute deeds,, they, have found it neeessaryto take legal advice, and tho mattpr has been- referred to an authority who ia at present ab?ent from tho colony. ' ? '3. Act of Ikcobporatio.t.— A draft deed for an Act of I corporation, for the beuefit of scientific, chari table, and religious bodies, of which, the Church may take adyantage, has been prepared by a legal authority, and is now submitted for the approval of Synod; - '? *' '?1. Edcoatiok.— With regard to the report' of the Education. Committee, which was presented to 8ynod at the extraordinary meeting held- on the 9th December last, and refcred to the Standing Committee, they did not deem it advisable to take any stops in the matter' prior to the meeting of Parliament ??i ??? - ? '?' ' 5. Addkess to Abchdiacow HAtH.— Tho Commit-' tee luvo to report that in accordance with' the resolution'1 of Synod a farewell address has been drawn up and for- ' warded to the Venerable Archdeacon Hale on theocca-' sion of his leaving the Native Tialning Institution at Poonindie for the Bishopric of Perth. - ' ? ;: ' ? ' ? ? '6. Memobial to Societt fob tub PbopAqatioiT oi» .the Gobpei. iir FoRBroif Pa'btb.— The Committed! have to report that in accordance with a resolution of, Synod on the subject of Ways and means,' especially the, propriety of applying to the Societies at home for further assistance , they have memorialized the'veneraWe Society, for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts for a final grant of £IO,OGO, and that they have transmitted their memorial to tho Society's secretary in London. '7. Secbsiabt.— Tho Committee have muoh pleasure in annonncing the appointment of Mr. Pitt Copbett ase Secretary to Synod, from 3rd June last. ' ' ? 8\. In Addition to the foregoing matters, which were specially referred to them by Synod, the Committee have made it their constant endeavour to carry out the two principal objects of the General Church Fund, as stated in the report of Committee on the Church Fund in 1855, viz.:— 1st. The maintenance of the ordinances of religion, in the districts where they are now established; and, 2nd. The extension of those Ordinances to places where they do not yet exist. With regard to the first, they have followed the recommendation made in the above mentioned report (that of aiding local efforts to secure endowments) by granting, so far as they are able, a sum equal to that subscribed by any rural or suburban parish, provided, however, that no grant exceed £100. They have thus been enabled to secure permanent endowments for the three following parishes, viz.:— St. George's, Woodforde; St. Michael's, Mitcham; and St. Stephen's, Willunga. The two former parishes having subscribed £100 each and the latter one £50, the Standing Committee have supplemented those sums by grants equal in amount in each case. The attorneys to the Leigh Fund at the same time have liberally assisted the efforts of the Committee in this matter by allowing a rent-charge of 20 per cent. per annum (not, however, to exceed £10 per annum to any one church) on all amounts so subscribed and supplemented by Synod, when duly vested in them. With regard to the second object, viz., missionary efforts, your Committee have the gratifying intelligence to report that, in addi- tion to the missions existing last year, viz, Kapunda and Riverton (under the charge of the Rev. P. P. Strick- land), a new field has been established in the important south-eastern district (comprising the Tatiara country, Mosquito Plains, and Mount Gambier), where the Rev. W. B. Andrews entered upon his labours in September last, an income of £300 per annum having been guaran- teed for three years by Messrs. Jones and Seymour of that district. The Rev. John Sheldon was about the same period appointed to the Salisbury and Dry Creek mission, on a guaranteed income of £100 per annum. Besides these permanent appointments several of the city incumbents haver made missionary visits to the bush; among these may be mentioned a visit made by the Rev. Messrs. Marryatt and Farr, in September last, to Truro and the Murray, ,'r Af tho farmer, place the Union Chapel 'was. on otiea occasion, kindly placed at their dispoial for Divine service according to the rites of the Church (if England, by the . Bev. Mr. Coward. Also, a visit made by thi- Bev. J. II. Farr, in December la t, to Yankalilla, where the same' kind feeling was exhi bited as atTrnro, in the. offer ofthe Cbapcl in tbat place. And also a visit made by the Kev. A. R. Rusfoll, in January (last, to Wellington and the other sde ofthe Murray. Your' Committeo would venture to direct the attention of Syriod to the Important benefit that would result from an arrangement seeming to all out lj inf- dit tricts a. periodical visit from an experienced clergyman, so that all tho scattered member's of our Church, la every part of the colony, might in some degreo partici pate in the privileges and blessings of the ordinances- of religion. - While on this subject, the Committee may mention that they have, placed £.6 in the hands' of Una Lord Bishop, for the purpose of defraying the expenses of clergymen commissioned by him to make suck mis* gionary tours: *' . '. . . -^ . . . .i . „ . I . J 1 3. Pi *A»ct— Tho Caminittee havamuch pleasuro ia directing the attentipn of Synod to the improved state of the General Church Funds, as shown by the Trea surer's balan-Se-slieet for 'the past year. This improve ? ment, ia thei more, satisfactory, as increased local efTorta have at tho eame time been made in each parish, fo provide for its own minister, no assistance' bting 'now granted from the General Church Fund (excepting, by way of aiding endowments) to any but missionary dis-' tricts. Tbe total amount which has been raised is £351 15s. 9d., of which sum £228 8s. 9d. waa collected after the annual sermons, and the balance, viz., £125 7»., by various private donations. This result; as com pared with the efforts of 1855, shows a great advance, thus-— In that year the sum of £191 3s. 8d. only Was raised, while the sum. of £270 was expended in aid o stipends. In addition to tho sum of £351 16s., raised : dnring the past year, your Committeo may mention that a further sum of £39 14s. has been' collected afieJ'tha' .'annual sermons in aid of missions to :. tho heathen, since1 thb date of the Treasurer's balance-sheet (Dec. 31, 1856). In recording this result, tho Committee: wouli express a hope that, tho advance thus announced, will steadily continue, tinder the system of annual sermons pTeachedthrouj-hout the diocese, by which means; much useful information may be afforded to thi) Church a hree: i The Committee icel sanguine that the: state and1 ?requirements of the Church have only to Jm ktfflwri.thfi. ?labours df the Sj-noa explaino.', and the objects of the- Church Fund understood, In order to enlist thecwd-Bl support ind sympathy of every member of our Church. ' ' The Committee -roald conclude this reportjof tbdf ha'mble Jaboura ty quoting the never-to-be forgotten truth of which they ^enwlvca have not been unmind ful -'that except the Lord build the house, their labour is but lost that build it,' '. ' ' ! -: JTcBsrs Wckstced and MacDermott were re-elected' Treasurers, and Mcstii. NerUle Blyth and 8. Goode wero re-elected Auditors. . . ? '. '. . ' .ThQ followinpr Rentlemen were elected -.tho Standing Committee by ballot:— The Dean, Bev. QiSI^-a!, Itev. J W Schoales, Archdeacon Woodcock, Eev.E. Jenkins, Eev T.'Pulford, Eev...W.Ii.- Coomb's, Messrs. Tomkin ' son,jaaoDermott, Bl) th, Hawkes.' Gilbert. Wicksteed, I3uaer', Goode, ^.tocto, Cjbbe^C^lley.-Moore^jHnghsii, ?andjej9t». ' ' ? .f,t . -' The Syhod will resume Its dotlw at halfjptrt 0 a'doejt !0n^eednesda7, the 13th inst, ...,, . ,-.. ,;; r; r.i * ' ' ' ... ;'.?-, : .?-?- rrl ?-? I'.-' ???;;.. ;.:-. -'. '.i: ; 