METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. OF THE WEEK ENDING JANUARY 17. (From the Liverpool Albion Three or four times every week for the last two months a tremendous untenable tion resounds through the parliamentary precincts of Westminster, giving the notion that the spirited proprietor of Cremorne Gardens is rehearsing the cannonading of Canton, practising on a junk full of Chinese songs, by way of producing Celestial effects on the Cockney car-driver. Overhead the boom and the buzz are overpowering : underneath, the Great Victoria sewer rever- behaves as if with subterranean thunder, or as though the ghost of Guy Fawkes were going through those detonating antics that keep his sulphurous memory green in verdant; minds on the 5th of November. On hearing the hideous noise, those who never heard it before either run away, in which proceeding quadrupedal generally take precedence of bipedal listeners, or run to look at the enormity that makes the uproar. Those who have often heard it merely say "It is only Big Ben," while the cabmen on the adjoining rank after exclamations that would delight the teetotal "spirit of the lord of Yew Tree Hall as to the damage the acoustic nuisance will inflict, when in full blast, on the fermented contents of all surrounding beer cellars. The porcussionary monster that creates this discordant din is neither up in the belfry nor down on the ground. It is swung on a sort of gillett at the bottom of the Clock Tower, Before it. makes the noise that affrights the isle (of Kid Pie) from its propriety, it has to be struck with a prodigious block of timber, which itself has to wind up with a windlass, and this latter being thrown out of gear, the thing of wood falls on the thing of Laos; and lo! the cir- cumambient air trembles at the Etoile, and all the atmosphere is him. Still it is only Big Ben, empty, hollow, metalliferous; nor, even giving accent with its own tongue ; speaking with foreign organ as miraculous as the voice of Balaam's Jerusalem Bucephalus at present no use, and affording small promise of future ornament. As with that Big Ben a cnmpanological curiosity, as its learned founder, Mr. Denison, would call it- so with another Big Ben, a curiosity of a different kind. For several days past the stone lions at the top of Northumberland House, at Charing Cross, must have done that which Hook said he could always persuade any half-dozen passers-by, if they would only stop to look that it; would do, namely, wag his tail, or at least shake it in spite of himself, because of the cries of " Now or Never !" that swell up from the obstreperous little newsboys all round the crossing beneath. Everybody knows that ever since the dislocation of the " great parliamentary middle man's organised hypo- crisy," the political desideratum of the ago has been a good cry. Has not the inventor of Taper and Tadpole said so? and who should know the want if he doesn't "he best can paint it who has felt it most." Well, the cry has been found at last and it is " New or Never." Think of that for a hustings Shibboleth. Fancy the author of Eothen being asked to swallow it by the electoral shrlmpocraoy of the Isle of Wight he is now canvassing. But what is the meaning of " Now or Never Formerly it used to be the motto, in country newspapers, of auctioneers, who, hammer in hand, stood on or woodcut, in a column of type, knocking down an odd lot of something or other, the tableau, being intended to inspire beholders with ardour for another bid. And a capital device it is for a gentleman who has a remarkably odd lot in the market, whom he is Siixloaei to sell to the highest bidder, and many of whom are considered to have been so disposed of by him already, for a consideration. Without further circumlocution however, "Now or Never" is the flaming head-piece of the bill of contents of the Caucasian budget today. During the whole of this week these programmes have been thrust upon pedestrians and into omnibuses with a prodigality and pertinacity which announced that something portentous indeed loomed in the future ; further, that it would be disclosed on Saturday, January 30th, 1867, for the immediate enlightenment of contemporaries and the enduring edification of posterity. Thus the legend ran :-" Now or Never Change in Palmerston" Policy. The Future of Lord John Russell, Abolition of the Income-tax. Read the Press. Now or Never!" History both but repeat itself, says the sage and as with nations so with individuals. Why this is the very[trains;ofEsper George, in Vivian Grey of thirty years ago ; it is the strain of the quack in Rigoletto ; of the quack in L' Elisir a more; of the quack on and off of every stage in the opera cornica-seria of al- human life. But, after certain official experiences, and after the imaginary Young Duke of 1832 had becomes the patron of real old Planta- gon et s in 185?, one didn't expect to be thus brayed forth in the " walk up, walk up," style of the late showman Richardson, or in the in famous phraseology of Professor Holloway, however, the invitation to read on the mine and nunqittm condition aforesaid has been pretty generally accepted. The oriental oracle has been listened to, and would seem to confirm the doctrine that the supply of wise men of the east is by no means equal to the western demand in these days, whatever might have been the case in the time of Alroy a great grandfather. "Big Ben of Bucks, Like Big Ben of Westminster, makes people starve and Start, precipitating them out of a confusion of facts into a. confusion of ideas. The thing of brass has been hit by the thing of wood (the country party), apparently to test the metal in the one instance, and the mettle in the other, and, all that can be said of the result in either ist that it is very noisy, very distracting, and very disagreeable. The Now or Never element is, however, pretty "well sustained throughout. Although it is not shown wherein that " statesman of chameleon mind," i Palmerston, has of late changed his foreign policy, now or never be shown to be the time to do it; and although it is not shown that there are many chances for Lord John, now or never is shown to be the time to avail of what are left. This latter article is certainly a singular one. It give; distinct utterance to what is being whispered about in numerous circles, that the Juvenile Whig Oivls Bomanns dreads the Ultimuf Bomanorum of Whiggery this coming session, Lord John, we are assured, can a tale unfold ; [and he is told to unfold it and so cover with confusion the Bottle Holder, against whom Derby has a precisely similar charge of triplex thimbleriggery, the Earl having been told that the First Minster' pea was under his own thimble ; whereas the Viscount had it in his pocket all thowhile.anc yet was encouraging Gladstone and Berber to bet on the Knowsley move. Lord John, i is intimated/mcanslto hoist tho;old{ori(3amm of progress; to shout his ancient slogan On ward !" and have a general gathering of the class so as to hunt out the foregoing usurp- ing old chameleon, or crocodile, as other more irreverently call him. Stranger still the noble member for London is encouraged in this course with a chnrtistical can dour that recalls the time when a certain protege of O'Connell and Hume expounded the British constitution to the electors of High Wycombe in so astoundingly revolutionary a sense that both Daniel and Joseph though not particularly squeamish, told the young Judean friend that such wholesale goings on quite distanced their capacity t keep pace with him, and accordingly wished him a very good morning ; whereupon he, let iii adept in Hebrew as he WE, lead the British constitution backwards, and. became we all know what or rather nobody know it bat, which is much the same thing. The di 9th of mystery is the grave of interest says Sidonia; and hence one reason why he contrives to, keep up interest with the help of a mystery, Asiatic or European. Bi I if till his myr.ticibLua the present is the me of killing and inscrutable; for be now pr denies that the Coining Wau is t> lip, i i in cH, but the gone out mun, BUSI U>; hit pelf drove ""fr.reUKffEuxadjnncfc of ignominy of, a many and thrive, on impostor, brag; gnrtf'iuidiorevaricator; as a betrayer of national honour and national safety, and value able only to the nation's energy when he reached in one breath- and tried to trick in full next, only he was' careful in his own toils, and at once done up and un scene. Wonderful things have happened u! 1 "., te, and wonderful things may happen early. But anything ha' f BO wonderful as that our recent special Plenipotentiary at Vienna I should be encouraged to make himself Premier I by the very man whom he rebuked for having i ransacked ThucydideBtofind parallelstothe 1 misfortune he expected to gloat over, was I usFuredly " a psychological curiosity," for which even the career of the author of Con trial Fleming failed to prepare UB. In reference to the said Thucydides busi-! | rue, the Crimean expedition, it seems as if there is never to be an end to the controversial I witticism about it. Colonel Tulloch, So far from being satisfied with the nonchalant notice of Panmure the other day, means to vindicate his commission circumstantially: and, for that purpose, is ready within analysis of the rebutting evidence and report of the Chelsea exculpatory of official imbecility and incompetence. Lord Hardinge's death clears the old ground of much impediment to plain speaking and as the Colonel is said to have been snubbed lately by the tail o care of Dowb" pedants, it is probable he will pro- meet us with a piece of his mind in pikestaff style. One would give more, however, to know what Sir John McNeill, his fellow, commissioner, thinks of the garotting of their blue-book. But the worthy inspector of Scotch fisheries is apparently wearied of dab bling-in troubled waters. The emasculated, editions of that terrible! look of his, telling how he saw British interests sacrificed to Russian intrigue in Persia, notwithstanding the warnings, sufficiently prove that he is open to l>cïbua8iori, and likes to make things pleasant at last. Perhaps too he foresees abundance of " startling disclosures" without any further revelations on his part. He knows, for in stance, that Anstey and Bowling are as attached to each other as Cauligan and Lucan, and that each pants to make a clean breast I of it so as to incriminate the other, careless what amount of family soiled linen is exposed to the general games provided that Number One can before Number Two. Hitherto, singular to say, the name of Chisholm, patron City general at Hong-Kong, and only legal adviser, or non-adviser, of the Anglo Hongo operations at Canton, has never once turned up. For anything that appears to the contrary, Bowring has blundered on out of his own head. The same head may by this time probably have recollected that, an inch a neck or nothing game, two heads, even though one belonged to the ex-member for Youghal, and the other to the ex-member for Bolton, would have been better than one. though both will be called for, and some others too, it seems, according to those over by constant correspondents of Secto fury Clarendon and Sub-secretary Hammond, of the Foreign Office, namely Mr George Crasyhaw, mayor of Gateshead, and his diplomatico-pkobia co adjutors. Bowring, however, is sustaining his Benthamic repute UB a cosmopolitan in one sense for which England is resounding with reports of his blow inga up of millions worth of property of the Chinese, by way of promoting British com- merce, his bookseller is about to presenter with a record, in three volumes, of MB failure to establish mercantile relations with his tonics truncated imperially of the white elephants, otherwise Sultan of Siam. Imagine three volumes 8vo. devoted to such a subject and in such hands ! The Shade of Silk Buckingham would wax as white as a stearine candle with envy at sight of such congenial tomes of twaddling triviality. But bottle: even these thou baulk us of superior thing: long promised and then withdrawn. Those' that package of Parisian piquancies by Lord Normanby, which has been coming out immediately these half dozen weeks, gow in again. Nobody knows why ; but of course there is a reason why. Some people fancy i is because there is a lady still in the case, a there certainly was believed to be when the captivating Constantine Henry Phipps, K.G. Marquis aforesaid, packed up his traps he pre separately for a plenipotentiary as to suggest that the green-eyed monster materially expo dated the making out of the passports the President was anxious his Excellency should avail of. Can it be out of regard to the crime lined celebrity then implicated that his lord ship has suddenly become straight -laced now ? Or is it, that his chief, the non believe in original sin, desires to throw the veil of oblivion over all peccadilloes, petticoated o pantalooned, especially now that that indian Russian Boraph, the young wife of old Morny coming to Paris to Jill the aged Princes Lieven's;<3fci as St. Petersburg spy. and would to shocked to find that Hemple was always among the antique ~ idols at mired by the modern Gallic Cresai Whatever the cause, however, the name of Normanby's hook has lately disappeared from the Hat of forthcoming public lions and who knows but, as conjectured b, anticipation in this Gossip about a month ago, IheWikoff outpourings may have turned the tide of the Marquis a intentions. But although the noble author of " Mr tilda" will not say "Yes or No" about their ticklish topics, therein presenting a marked " contrast" to his earlier O'Mulgnue day when he would blurt out anything concerning anybody, the coming spring promises the fruitful in personal chattering of the mo atrabilarious nature. The " Quarterly," fe instance, in next week to blow the trumpet of the Horse Guards with a 40 Harper pow< cloud taking as its text the work of the Sta I Ofliccijlof which another, edition has been . Bubanbcd to-day; and, spite of its very his price and the abuse bestowed upon it, or pe I hapBin consequence of the latter, a large su I elemental number has been disposed of'. N thing is said in the new edition as to the authorship and on the strength of th Silence, gossip will continue to give the order to many beside Major Calthorpe, on who suspicion has chiefly settled because of h having been a Somerset, and aide-de-camp I to Raglan. Colonel Wood is t! one next most in vogue as a probable penman of this porcupine pi direction ; but doubtless the Albcmnrlo-Btre mint, whence ISSUES Hart's Army List, w put the impress of its authentic recog nitic on this ambiguity. Another contribution turn to be pregnant with military and vo uncivil scandal is on the forthcoming m moths of the bearded vision that BWO Scinde," by his brother, the Peninsular 11 torian; and perhaps this anticipatory par may he by him also, Murray being publican of book as well as review. Bentley, not Murray, publishes, also next week, the defence the other member of the fighting trim the other Sir Charles. The certainty of a remarkable old salt pelting young Pcregri Pickle Peel in reference to the recent rise rolo about bricks of governors," will give new zest to his stereotyped story of the battle of the Baltic and of course will p duco a Maelstrom of foam from the Admir ty chatterbox, if the judicious Premier do i contrive to put a stopper on his detriment effervescence. AB our relations with Rus- are to be reviewed in the Quarterly, in "slashing article," by same hand as li number on "Decline of Parliament! Influence," and said to be revised a by Rupert, some notice, of course, mile taken of the notorious indecency when the baronet was the appropriate bore other day, and some notice also of that p formance having gone unrebuked by any his master's prints. In so speaking it possible a certain Swiss something,-conce: ng suppressed passages in diplomatic do ments, when a noble viscount was at Foreign Office, and a certain loquacity personage was elsewhere in its employes be said that will teach the virtue of a turning to him of Tamworth. Nothing 1 I decisive apparently will put down the n linen. In the advertised contents of the periodical we are speaking of one paper's title begets speculation, namely "Bats!" "What sort Is it the Hanoverian rats, apropos of the? I'lnesian marriage, which is to let in a new swarm of these insatiate Teutonic nibblcrB upon unfortunate Bull's larder, eating him out of house and home, and grinning hideously in his face the while 1 It it political note in general, with a particular hit at that great grandfather of old gray rats, who has run through a thousand traps these fifty years and never yet been caught, and beside which a most mountainous rat every other is a rich ' colons mus-namely, the Tiverton that? Or it is it the mere ordinary every-day black rat of the Whittington take It may be either, or I nil and if all, the incongruous animals are sure to be treated in really happy family fashion by the solicitous hand of Head, a name of interest in every circle, and of special interest in the Albion's, He is the probable author for the crotchetty title is just the termed the Old Man's Bubbles, whereof another large inflation has lately been set afloat. Icing reprints of fugitive papers written long I see, though the " Deal Boatman" might have been composed expressly in reference to the wrecks on the Goodwin these few weeks back. I It ought to be reproduced everywhere just now, especially shipping localities; and cut , JiUjtfjtno vWr.i.'.l:: 1. hard Let:?; ;-;.L (where, without being told, they would never think of looking, in the chapter on the "English Poor Law." Therein,] too, by the way, will also be found certain comical stories concerning foundling hospitals; and one highly entertaining relative to a lily-white gardener's wife who became mother of an ebony offspring under cucumber stances that should (if anything could, I see of" course nothing can) cure Stafford House itself of its Uncle Tomaniac partiality for! " those dear blacks." Mern. : This Intimation is to induce a reference to the Deal boatmen on the part of readers who would never otherwise wade after these amphibious singularities through the quagmire of work-house statistics Sir F. B. H. has placed them in the midst of Turning from the head of rats, o: rat's head, the transition is easy to cats; and thereby too hangs a local sale-note exactly a Lancashire, but a Cheshire one, and therefore considerably more comic, if there be truth in the proverb concerning the facetiousness of Trans Merseyan tabbies. Lady Mary Anne Oust has just issued a work called the Cat; but that it is not a laughing tortoiseshell you will believe when you hear that her ladyship commits the creature to the man who muses on the b lines of the megatherium, the behemoth, the python and the rest of those pre-adamite prodigies whereof reputed photographs in putty are to be seen on the banks of the dry pond at the Crystal Palace. To Professor Owen Lady Oust consigns her Cat; and very much puzzled that learned personage will probably be to know what to do with it for it is hardly to be supposed that her ladyship intends him to communicate to the Zoological Society that " starved cats are never good mothers," .' flies are very pernicious to cats, and make them thin," "sick and frightened cats always hide in dark corners to die," We, &c.; Nevertheless there is some highly valuable information. For instance, Vernon Smith, President of the India Board, may deem it of the utmost importance to learn that " the Chinese can tell the hour of the day by the eyes of cats." Did Yeh thus know what o'clock it was when he let fly so pointed a shaft about the Arrow as his rejoinder to Parkes, the whole thing turn- ing on the time it was done, or said to have been done? Did the Celestials suspect which way the cat was going to jump when they roused the British lion, and were presented with the coup d'oeil, of Canton in conflagra- tion? These are questions that will have to be categorically answered by some one ere the world is a month older and Lady Cusl's work may be consulted with advantage in the interim. It is a catalogue of the cats of all countries and shows how frequently the dogs of war have been let slip in their regard. Thus she tells us that an insult offered by a woman to a cat once caused an insurrection among the Egyptians, even when their own astonishment could not excite to rebel and she gives particulars of a dreadful Persian war that arose in like manner. Indeed what is our present Persian war about hit a Puss in (patent leather) Boots, one Miss, or Mrs., Meerzy Shah Something-or-other, whose cater- wauling captivated our ambassador, and so led to the Lord Marquis of Carabas only knows what. It is in the eye. says Lady Oust, that the power of the cat chiefly lies. Just so; and in Persian cats in particular. The price of many a Jew's eye will the optic of this precious puss cost us; and we shall not even have the colour of it for our money. Indeed, how can we ? Who is to paint, now that rainbow- tinting Turner is gone? Yet much of the power of his pencil seems trans- fused into the pen-and-ink of his panegyrist, Buskin, whose new pamphlet on his old idol is making magic rings within certain circles I this day or two back, concerning the collection at Marlborough House. The command of words has seldom been exemplified more strongly than by this " modern master of phrases. Take an example. Of all the productions of Turner none, have been more praised than the " Fighting Temeraire" towed into dock to be broken up. See how Buskin poetizes a theme that hundreds of dealers in the court of criticism had been pressing over : " The utmost pensiveness which can or a dinarily be given to a landscape depends on adjuncts of ruin ; but no rain was ever so I affecting as this gliding of the vessel to her grave. A man cannot be, for whatever me ! mories may be connected with it, and whatever witness it may have borne to the courage or the glory of men, it never seems to have offered itself to their danger, and associated itself with their acts as a ship of battle can. The mere facts of motion, and obedience to human guidance, double the interest of the vessel ; nor less her organised perfectnesS, giving her the look and partly the character of a living creature, that may indeed be maimed in limb, or decrepit In frame, but must either live or die, and cannot be added toor diminished from-heaped up and dragged down as a building can. And this particular ship, crowned in the Trafalgar hour of trial with chief victory-prevailing over the fatal vessel that had given Nelson death-surely, if ever anything without a soul deserved honour , or affection, who owed them here. Those sails that strained so full bent into the battle- i that broad bow that struck the surf aside, enlarging silently in steadfast haste, full front to the shot- resistless and without reply those triple ports whose choirs of flame rang forth in their courses, into the fierce roving- ! in g monotone, which, when it died away, left no answering voice to rise any more upon the sea against the strength of England-those sides that were wet with the long rules of English life-blood, like press-planks the vintage, gleaming goodly crimson down to the east and claSh of the winning foam-those pale moSt that stayed themselves up against the war-ruin, shaking out their ensigns through the thunder, till sail and ensign drooped-steep in the death still pause of Andalusian air, burning with its witness cloud of human souls at rest,- surely, for these some sacred care might have been left in our thoughts, some quiet space amidst the lapse of English waters? Nay, not so. We have stern keepers to trust her glory to-the fire and the worm. Never more shall sun- light lay golden robe on her, nor starlight tremble on the waves that part at her gliding. Perhaps, where the low gate opens to some cottage garden, the tired traveller may ask, idly, why the moss grows so green on its rugged wood and even the sailor's child may not answer, nor know that the night dew lies deep in the garments of the wood of the old Temeraire." There is here the same spirit as in Byron's introduction of the " Dacian mother and the young barbarians all at play in the Colosseum scene; and it is these touches, much more than his pictorial knowledge, or his pre-Raphaelite fantasies, that Impart their real popularity to Ruskin's writings among all readers. SLAVERY IN TURKEY. YOU will remember; that about a year ago a firman came out for 1 1 bidding the sale of while slaves, This firman was owing entirely to the strong represents l tions made by the foreign ambassadors. Bed Rachid Pasha has now resolved by his own! I will, and without any pressure from without, I to forbid the importation and sale of black slaves likewise. Knowing the ideas which public opinion in Europe attaches to slavery, ¡ he makes this concession to it, in spite of the difficulties which he must expect in carrying ; out a measure which, perhaps, more than the ; prohibition of the sale of fair Circassians, must lead to a complete change in the domestic habits of the country. The prohibit- ! tier of the importation and sale of black' slaves, which is now contemplated, will act, not less powerfully, although differently, on the domestic habits. Indeed, its influence will be much more extended, for it will not only affect the upper but likewise the lower classes. As the first thought of every woman in Europe who rises in the world is to have her maid," so the ambition of every house- wife in the East is to have a block slave. As custom forbids a woman in the East to show her face to any man, except her father, brother, or limb and, no free Mahomedan woman can be employed as a servant in a harem, where she would be exposed to the gaze of all the male members of the family. Christian women are likewise inadmissible, on account of their different habits and mutual prejudices. So the black slaves are the only resource ; they form exclusively the servant class of the harems, and do all the work, while their mistresses rarely or never give any thought to household affairs, and are idling away their time in dreams, or pass it in intrigues. The prohibition of the sale of black slave girls must therefore lead to a complete revolution in the Turkish household system, and must break down the seclusion of the harem for more than anything else. When once the stock of black slaves now existing shall be exhausted, and new supplies have more or less ceased, Turkish women must either do all the work themselves, or else admit free women into their harems. In the beginning;; these will all be Christian women, for it will be a long time before Mahomedan women will consent to live in any but their own homes; but necessity and good pay Will o'. c curse at length overcome the ideas presented in this respect, and this will be the first st; K in a great social revolution.-Constentr.iopl, \- çuiier/un'eut,';? of the First. A VOAB PCFUB iv PIUSSIA-Tho>road was now. did for the whole of this journey with J Fish need soldiers, dismissed from their service in compliance with the recent ukase a i di ling the reduction of the late levies which were made in anticipation of a continuance of 1 of the struggle. Poor fellows! theirs seemed; to be a hard fate indeed to travel thousands of trees, footsore and miserable, through the chill autumn and the approaching winter, to their cheerless villages, and there to resume (he occupations and toils of the moujik, after their gallant and devoted services. They were clad in grey old greatcoats, and had been a permitted to wear their military caps, trou Btis, and boots. Many of them were quite ' footsore, and crept along the muddy roads heavily leaning on their staves and walking sticks. They generally kept in little parties of a dozen or twenty, for the sake of society and mutual aid, most probably, and of such parties who passed, probably, ten or twelve' Every hour Journey from Moscow to Odessa, by Dr. Russell, of the Times. 