" REVIEW, i . ' , ? (From the Leader,'November 30.) /turora Leigh. By EUZABETU BAIUIEXT Dnop-iN.o. . When, some weeks, ngo,, wo anticipated tho delight of a new poem from ¡Mrs; Browning, wo never,; in our koenost expectations* thought pf receiving so'iine ia poem as " Aurora Leigh," which'surpasses .in sustained; strength and variety anything English poetry has had ' since ".Ohildp: Harold."; It places Mrs. Browning boyond dispute at tho head of all poetesses, ancient or modern, and although it will be judged divorsoly by divorse minds, no ono, wo fancy, will venture to claim for any other woman's poem nn equal rank. Having, as justice demands, oxprossed om phatlcally our senso of tho greatness of "Aurora Loigh," without stint of phrase, nnd yot without precipitate or careless eulogy, wo must also add that tho poom hns vory many faults, somo deeply-seated, somo quito superficial and re- mediable, which faults, perhaps, will give tho critics occupation, but will not in any npproci ablo degrco affect tho BUCCOSB of tho work ; for In Art, as in Lifo, success depends on what is positivo, on excellence of somo kind ; and .where this exista no amount of mistake, pr in completeness, can. finally prevent recognitioi Kean's acting was fuller of faults than that i many a man who never rose above mediocrity but Kean's genius was of such positive an thrilling influence, that like a meteor ho buri his pathway before the wondering gaze of mci who might on reflection object to the "irn gularity," but could not, oven in reflectioi forget the splendour. We cannot in our scanty limits pretend t criticize " Aurora Leigh," but certain genen points may here be touched, as if we chatte with the reader when the book was closet And first as to its . conception. ] Í3 a three-volume novel in verse. Thi of itself is something new. Scott and Byro told stories in verse; Tennyson in th " Princess" and in " Maud " has also tried hi hand at story-tolling, with very indifferent sui cess as a storyteller ; but no poet-at least w know of none-has represented modern life i such forms as it assumes in modern fiction, n one has sung the novel instead of tenting i " Aurora Leigh" has a story equal in inciden character, and scenery to almost any -thrc volume novel of tho English type. In n respect does it differ from the novel except tht it is sung. It sings of our actual life, embody ing tho schemes and struggles, tho opinion and the social contrasts of pur day. "Alto Locke" is not more immediately tho product c our social condition, nor loss idealized. Whether the poet is right or wrong in thu swerving from the almost universal practice ( seeking in distant climes and distant ages fe tho subject of song, wo will not hore inquirí Briefly vre may suggest that tho poet therei should please himself; let us havo poems, an not trouble ourselves when they comt jEschylus, in writing tho "Peíste," neve i paused to consider whether contomporar I events were fitted for ideal treatment ; h treated them ideally, and was content. Bu when we waive that general question, it onl, brings us to. a more direct consideration of th particular instance. Wo grant Mrs. Browninj the utmost licence in her choice only to bi more rigorous in our judgment of the subjec chosen ; and while thinking she was at perfec liberty to write a musical novel, we detnam from, her tho writing of a novel which in itsel is good. Irr proportion as she introduces th elements pf ordinary fiction into her poem she: must be criticized .by tho standards o .fiction. No one thinks bf objecting to '' Childi j Harold," or the, " Excursion," that tho story as a story, is, poor, and not very j natural1; bu everyone: feels .that tho story pf " Orland« Furioso", is a part of its enchantment, and wai meant to bo so ; everyone, will-, feel that thi story of " Aurora Leigh" is . something mon than a vehicle for exquisite verse, and wai meant to be so-meant to shadow forth truth of life and character. > Now if wo consider thi story. of " Aurora Leigh"- apart from it .musical utterance-we must admit that, al though it draws us onwards, filling the eyei with tears and tho heart with sudden beat in gi of noble emotion, it does nevertheless ii several particulars jar and distress the judg ment, and, as a novel, is but second-rate. I wants invention. The conduct pf the story ii such as we have followed in hundreds of novels not being a whit the truer for its commonplace and were "Aurora Leigh "¡written in prose or in verse less affluent, , and ; musical, am tender, we should throw it aside with na mon commendation than is;bestowed on second-rate novels. . . . ,, '. We propose in this articlo to tell the story in a second articlo our criticism of the poem may be resumed. Aurora Leigh is tho ; child of an. Englishman of family,, and an Italiar girl of beauty, who died when'Aurora was foui -years old :- - .- . : " ' Sho could not beor tbe joy of giving' life Tho mother's rupture slow her. If her kiss ? Hod left a longer weight opon my lips, It might havo steadied the uneasy breath, - ' And reconciled and fraternized my soul With tho now order. Asàt was, indeed, I felt a mother.want about the world, Â,ÇfA ítóíí .Keü?.t geekiriE, Uko a bleating Iamb ' As restless ns o neat-dosertcd bird ; . ? ? ;. Grown chill through something being away, though whnt It knowB not. I, Aurora Loigh, was born I To inako my father sadder, and myself Not overjoyous, truly. 'Women know Tho woy to roar up children (to bo just,), They know a Himple, merry, tender knack Of tyingsashos, fitting baby-shoes, And stringing pretty words that make no sense, And kissing full senso ioto empty words ; , > Which things aro corals to cut lifo upon, Although such trifles : children loarn by such. Love's holy earnest in a pretty play, And get not over-early solemnized, But seeing, as in a rose-bush, LOVO'B Divine, Which burns and hurts not,-not a singlo bloom, Become aware and unafraid of Love. Suoh good do mothers. Fathers love as well -Mino did, I know,-but still with heavier brains, : And wills moro consciously responsible, And not as wisely, sinco less foolishly ; So mothers havo God's licenso to be missed. Her fathor,, Whom lovo hnd unmade from a common man, But not completed to an uncommon roan' I (how subtle, that I), reared and educated her in solitude, tili, when she was about thirteen, ho died. Tho child was shipped to England, which thus appoared to her Italian'eyes :- . Then, land I-ilion, England I oh I tho frosty cliffs Lookod oold upon roe.' Could I find a homo ? Among thoBO mean red housos through the fog ? And when I hoard ray fathor's languago first From alien lips whioh hod no kiss for mine, I weptaloud, thon laughed, then wept, then wept, And soma ono nour mo said the child was mad ,', - Through mu eli soa-sicknes3. Tho train swept us on. Was this my father's England 7. tho great isla?," The ground soomed Out up from tho fellowship Of viidurc, field from fiel.l, ns man from man ;., The skies themselves looked low and positivo, , As almost you could toitoh them with a hand, And dared to do it, they were so fnr,off i ; From God's celestial orystals; all things, blurred And dull and vague. Did Skakspoare. and his mates : Absorb tho light boro?-not nhill or stono ,With heart to Btriko a radiant colour np , Or notivo outline on tho indifferent air I I think I soo my father's sister stand Upon the ball-stop of her country-houso To givo mo woloome. ' Sho Btood Btraight and calm, y Her somowlmt narrow forchoad braided tight As if for taming occidental thoughts ; From pos iblo pulses ; brown hair priokod with grey By frigid uso of lifo (sho wns not old, ! Although my fnthor'* oidor by a year) î .'. A noso drawn sharply, yet in dolicato lines'; A oloBc, mild mouth, a little soured about * Tho ends, through speaking unrequited lovos, Or porndvonturo niggardly lmlf-truths J . Eyes of no colour,-once they might havo smiled, But novor, never havo forgot themselves In smiling ; checks, in whioh was yat a roso Of porlshod summers, Uko a roso in n book, . . Kept moro for ruth than pleusuro,-if past bloom, Past fading also, i ' Sho had lived, we'll say, A havmloss Ufo, sha called a virtuous life, A nulot lifo, willoh was not lifo al all (Hut that sho had not lived enough to know), Botwcon tho vlonr and tho county squires, Tho loril-lieutonant looking down Bomatlmos j From tho ompyreal, to assura thoir soul« j.' '.' Against olmnao vulgarisms, and, in tho abyss, > '.(.:! >. Tho apothecary looked on onoo a yent', ?.?<< To provo thoir BOUnúnosB of humility. -. ' . i The poor-club exercised her Christian giru Of knitUng stockings,ititchlog petticoat*, ; Because we are of one flesh «fier all And need one flannel (with a pieper tenia Of difference in the quality),-and still Tho book-club, guarded from your modern trjck Of Bbaking dangerous questions from the crease, Preserved her intellectual. She bad lived A sort of cage-bird life, born in a cago, Accounting that to leap from perch to porch Was act and joy eneugb for any bird. Door heaven, how silly are the things that live - In thickets, and eat berries I Tho humorous and satirical touches of tl passage give indication thut the music is z to be wholly in one key ; here is'anotber p¡ sago from the long and satirical account of 1 education under the care of this aunt :- ' I drew . . costumes .From French engravings, nereida neatly draped, With smirks of simmering godship,-I washed in From nature, landscapes (rather say washed ont). I danced the polka and Callarius, Span glass, stuffed birds, and modelled flowers in wa: Because sho liked accomplishments in girls. I read a score of books on womanhood To provo, if women do not think at all, They may tench thinking (to a inaiden-nunt Or else the author)-books demonstrating Their right of comprehending husband's talk Í When not too deep, and even of answering With pretty " may it piensa you," or " so it is," Their rapid insight and fine aptitude, Particular worth and general missionariness, ? ? As long as they keep quiet by tho Bro ; And never soy " no" when the world says "ay,"' For that is fatal,-their angolio reaoh Of virtue, chiefly used to sit and darn, 1 And fatten household sinners,-their, in brief, Potential faculty in everything . Of abdicating powor in it : sho owned * i Sho liked a woman to bo womanly, And English women, she thanked God and sighed (Spmo people always sigh in thanking God), Wero modols to the universe. In spito of this, her young and eager so finds out its proper nourishment ; in seci she reads all the better books, : and in sect begins to write poetry to which she' feels tl irresistible vocation. Her cousin Romney Leigh, Keir to the Leigh estates, loves her, ai she loves him, but when he tells her of h love, he does it with the arrogance and infélici of youth, which stings her pride, and she r fuses him. The: fact is, he'has given his soi to philanthropic schemes ; 'to ameliorate tl social condition of his age has become tl dream and passion of his life, and, althoug he loves his cousin, he lets her plainly see 1 wants her as a helper in his work, even moi than a3 a wife. This is very subtly concëivèi It is just the sort of'pedantic error to whic youth is liable. It is just the sort of error 1 offend a woman's pride. But although we thin the situation finely conceived, it is imperfect! presented ; and the tone, of the conversation o both sides is not like truth- we do not mea tho literal truth of daily talk, hut ideal truth < passion and poetry. The reader has a sense < the whole being, as in novels, a mere device < the writer to separate hero and heroine in ordt that the story may take its course ; not as tb inevitable utterance of two human souls. Sh rejects her cousin, and is resolved to dedtcal her life to poetry. Her aunt is furious Wit her for such folly ; but she is resolute ; arid th life she led in consequence is thus graphicall hinted:- ." - ¡ > The next week passed in silence, so tho next, ? , And several after : Romney did not come, ... ., ' Nor my aunt chide me. I lived on and on, '. i As if my heart wero kept' beneath a glass, ' ? j And everybody stuod, all eyes'and ears, To seo and hoar it tick. 1 could not sit, Nor walk, nor tako a book, nor lay it down, Not sew on steadily, nor drop a stitch And a sigh with it, but I felt her looks ? . Still oleaving to me, like,the sucking asp To Cleopatra's breast, persistently i .-. ¡ . Through tho intermittent pantings. ' Being obsorved, When observation is hot sympathy, ?' ' -'. Is just being tortured. If Bho said.a word, ?. .'A'" thank you," or an '! if it pleaso you, dear," .She meant a comminution, or at best, ; !An exorcism against the'devildom " .' . ?Which plainly held me. So with, all tho house. I Susannah could not stand and twist my hair, '. . Without such glancing at tho looking-glass To seri my'faco there) that.she missed tho plait : And Joh'n,^-I never sent my plate for soap, Or did not send it, but the foolish John Resolved tho problem, 'twixt his napkinod thumbs, Of what was signified by taking soup 4 Oh choosing ranokbrel. Neighbours, who dropped in Smiled admonition,"saTuneasily,'- - And talked with measured, omphnsisod reserve, Of parikh news, like doctors to tho siok,.,,. Wheh not colled in,-ns if, with loavo to speak, , Tboymight say something. Nay, tho very dog -. -Would wotoh me from his sun-patch on tho floor, . - . In alternation with tho largo black fly Not yet in roach of snapping. So I lived. . And ono morning, some weeks after :- ; .Then, suddenly,' a single ghaslly shriek ? Tore upwards from tho bottom of tho house. Liko one who.wakens in a gravo and shrieks, Tho still house seemed to shriek itself alive, And shudder through its passages and Blairs With slam of doors and clash of bolls.-I sprang, I stood up in tho middle, of the room, And there confronted at my ohamber-door A white face,-shivering, ineffectual lips. "Come;como," they triod to uttor, mid I wont;. As if a ghost had drawn mo tit the point Of a flory Anger through tho uneven dark, I went with reeling footsteps down tho stair, Nor asked a question. ? There,sho sat, my aunt, Bolt upright in the chair beside bor bod, 1 Whose pillow had no dint 1 sho had used 110 bed, For that night's sleeping . . yet slept well. My God, Tho dumb.derision of that grey, peaked fhoo Concluded something grave against tho sun, Whioh filled the ohamber with its July burst When Susan drow tho curtnius, ignorant Of who sat opon-oyed bohind her. . There, She sate . . it sate . . wo said " sho" yesterday . . And hold a lotter with unbroken sonl, As Susan gavo it to her hand last night : All night she had hold it. If its news referred To duchies or to dunghills, nut an inch She'd budge, 'twas obvien*, for suoh worthless-odds: Nor, though the stars wore suns, and overburned Their spheric limitations, swallowing,up . Like wax tho azure spaces, could they força Those open eyes to wink once. What Inst Bight. Had left thom blank and flat BO,-drawing out Tho faculty of vision from tho roots, As nothing more, worth Booing, remained behind,? . Wore those tho eyes that watched mo, worried mo ? That rioggod mo up and down the hours and days, A beaton, brenthluss, misoroble,soul?, And did I pray, a half-hour baale, but.so, To escape tho burden of thosa eyes . . thosu oyes ? "Sloop Into," I sold. ; .., (,...? . Whynow, indeed, thoy.slcop. ? God answers sharp and sudden ou some prayers, And thrusts tho thing wo havo prayed for in our faca, A gauntlet with a gift iii't. Every wish Is liko a prayer . . with God. I had my wish. To rend and meditato tho thing I would, . To fashion all my lifo upon my thought, And marry, or not marry, Hcnoofoi th, none Could disnpprovo mo, voit mo, hamper me. Full ground-room, in this dosort newly made, For Babylon or Balloo,-whorl tho breath,' Just ohoked with sond, returns, for building towns I "The letter hold unopened in tho haúd;of the corpse was a gift from Hornney Leigh of thirty thousand pounds-glvon of course that it might bo inherited by Aurora, who was a beggar. But she refuses to rtccopt tho gift. . Tho'scono bbtweon thom ls so unnatural in tana,- though true onough ill cíohooptlóri, thai 'should tlieBO lines meet Mrs. Browning's oyo, wo urgently Deg lier <.«-.--, -'su. w »/es/to expression only, and see if she cannot r the levities, irrelevancies, and unrealities, .( producoan impression on us precisely similar to that produced by scenes in unreal novels. Aurora may refuse tho gift, but not in those terms, and preservo our sympathy. Aurora then becomes a poetess, lives in Lon- don, and is celebrated. Romney turns moro resolutely to social schemes ; founds a phalan stery, and to signalize before the world his dis- approval of all social distinctions, is about to marry a *' distressed needlewoman " whom he found at the hospital, and has since befriended. We pass over the episode of Marian's life wonderfully told-but uncommonly like what we have often read before-and arrive at the wedding : Hnlf St. Giles in frieze Was bidden to meet St. Jamos in cloth of gold. And, ofter contract at the altar, pass To cat a marriage-feast on Hampstead Heath. Of course tho people came in uncompoücd, Lame, blind, and worso-sick, sorrowful, and worse, Tho humours of the pecoant social wound All pressed out, poured out upon Pimlico, Exasperating tho unaccustomed air With hideous interfusion : you'd suppose A finished generation, dead of plague, - . Swept outward from their graves into the sun. The moil of death upon them. What a sight I - A holiday , of miserable men ^ii^"^'áá Is sadder than a burial day of kings, -^^^^f Thoy ologgod tho streets, they oozed into the ohurch . In a dark, slow stream, Iiko blood.. To see that sight. The noble ladies stood up in their pews, Somo palo for fear, a few as red for hate, , Some simply curious, some just insolent, And somo in wondering scorn,-" What next ? what', next?" These crushed their delicate roso-lips from the smile That misboenmo them in a holy pince, With broidered hems of perfumed handkerchiefs ; Those passed the salts with confidence of eyes And simultaneous shiver of moire silk; With nil tho niales, alive and black with heads. Crawled slowly toward tho altar from the street, As bruised snakes crawl and hiss out of a hole With shuddering involutions, swaying slow From right to lefr, nnd then from left to rigbfe In pants and pauses. What an ugly crest Of facos roBe upon you everywhere From that crammed mass I you did not usually See faces like them in the open day: They hide in cellars, not to uinko you mad As Romney Leigh is.-Faces I-O my God, We call those, faces ? Alon's and women's . . ay. And children's ;-babies, hanging like a rag Forgotten on their mother's neck, poor mouths, ? ? Wiped clean of mother's milk by mother's blow, - Beforo they aro taught her cursing. Faces I . . phew, We'll call them vices festering to despairs, Or sorrows petrifying to vioes; not - A finger-touch of God loft wholo on them ; ? All ruined, lost-tho countonanco worn out As tho garments, the will dissolute as the acts, The passions loose and draggling in tho dirt . To trip tho foot up at tho first free step! Tboso, faces I 'twas as if yon had stirred up hell . . To heave its lowest dreg-fiends uppermost In fiery swirls of slime,-such strangled fronts. Such obdurate jaws wero thrown np constantly, To twit you with your race, corrupt your blood. And grind to devilish colours all your dreams. Henceforth, . . though, haply, you should drop asleep - By clink of silver waters, in a muse On Iiaffael'H mild Madonna of tho Bird. But tho bride never comes. Tho machina fions of a lovely devil-Lady Waldemar- have ? frustrated ' this match-Marian disappears. Time passes. Aurora grows more and more . famous, and is to be met in London drawing- - rooms :- '" ..'. .. . It always .makes me sad to go abroad ; And now I'm sadder that I went to-night 'Among tho lights and talkers at Lord Howe's. His wife is gracious, with her glossy braids, And even voice, and gorgoous eyeballs,'calm , \ ' As her other jewels. If she's somewkat oold,r". Who wonders, -when her blood has Btood so long In tho ducal resorvoir sho calls.her lino \ ; By no means arrogantly ?. she's not proud ;, ? ; Not prouder thau the swan is of tho lake . '.' i Hff has always swum 'in ;-rr'tis hor element,.',!: ; ' And so she takes it with n natural grace,.. . Ignoring tadpoles. She just kndws, perhapv There'aro men,'move on withont outriders; Which isn't her fault. Ah) to watch her face,, When good Lord Howe oxpounds his theories -. t Of sooial justice and equality 'Tis curious,'whot.a tender, tolerant bend - Her neck takes : for she loves lum, likes his talk, Suoh olevôr tallt-that dear, qdd Algernon IT.. Sho listen« on, exootly as if he talked: : Some, Scandinavian myth of Lémures, .; ; ' " Too pretty to dispute, and Ibo alisnrdV '1 ^ JwW-lyvt novelisthajjjettèrskêtched an Englüh* ' How lovely Ono I laved not, looked to-night t"" ' *" She's very pretty, Lady':Waldemar. ' " ' _ Her maid must use both hands to twist that etil Of tresses, then ho, careful lest the rich Bronzo rounds should slip :-sho missed, though, a grey ? ;" huir,. . : . ? . ?" A;singlo one;-T saw it; ethorwiso Tho woman lppko I immortal. How they told Those alabaster shoulders and b'sre bronsts; On which tho pearls, drowned out of sight in milk. Wore lost, oxcepllng'for tho ruby-clasp 1 They split the amaranth velvet bodice down To tho waist, or nearly, .with tho nudaolous press Of full-breathed beauly. If tho heart within'' . Were half na wbito l-but, if it wore, perhaps The breast wera eloser covered, and tho sight ., Loss aspeotablc, by half, too. *"?./'? Our limits are already exceeded; we must therefore moroly add,, in ft sentence or st», that Aurora hearing a rumour of Romney's iritoncled marriage with Lady Waldemar,-.quits England for Italy. In Taris she meets with .Marian and vory beautiful is the story Marian tolls, and tho emotions shö expresses-but wo can- not linger over thom. 1 Tho two women go to Italy, with Marian's child ; Romney cornea there too, blind, dispirited, having had Leigh Hall burnt to the ground by tho very wretchos ho was sacrificing himself to bonefit, nnd now with full consciousness of his failure as a social reformer, hears from Aurora that she too is conscious of failure, since with all her success in Art, sho has failed in life, ho is not happy. The two lovers then finally understand each o th er, und "live happy all the vest of their days." " . fr»iove WI) »J. 