It was a great pity that tho two Cabiuct can diclatcB did not got a hearing on Monday night, at tho Olympic. Permission to speak would have been the severest punishment that the audienco could have inflicted upon them. If the 'Friar of orders grey' had been there, too, and delivered tlio speech that lie gave at the Junction Hotel, it would havo been so much tho better. And, if the whole Cabinet could havo been induced to ' squat' down on the platform, beside their two colleagues, and de liver their ' sentiments' in succession, we should have seen the Administration burst 011 the platform, and beon saved the painful ne cessity, of subjecting them individually to pri vate strangulation at tho polling-booth, or tlie needless suspense of awaiting a catastrophe in , the House. The whole seven on the boards at. once : — that would have been a good idea. In addi tion to the ' Lying Varlet' wc might have had a. Pantomime. Ifor example, what gro tesque metamorphosis, is these in the ' legiti mate' Pantomime, equal to thai of Mr David Moore into ' a consolidation ' of two circum locution offices into one, — strutting about on ; the stage as a 'elnokeil' with 'a department' under each wing 1 What backsliding is to be likened to tho 'Friar's' return to office as Solicitor-General 1 And what caricature repre sentation of the haw- haw red-tapist so amusing as Mr Ebdcu ? Thon what is there in Panto mime that would have been so surprising as to see Mr Michie in such a peculiar position — what reel in a bottle so odd, .what trick played by tho wizard Jacobs so inexplicable as this 1 Or, to vary the figure, what an excifciug cu tortainmcnt it would have been if, in addition to 'the cage' of wild beasts' (as the audience was described by the Argus ) Mr Michio had brought out on tho stage his ' wild elephant between two tame ones, with his teeth drawn and his fangs extracted' and exhibited the animal to his fellow-quadrupeds iu the lower part of tho 'stow-pofc.' What a picture, to bo sure, is lioro ! What a pitch of refinement we havo attained through this 'no-party' im posture when our ' no -party ' gentry characterise the working-classes as ' wild beasts,' and. a cabinet minister compares one of his colleagues to a ' wild elephant ' ? What Mr Ebden thinks of these complimentary zoological references to himself, or how he re lishes being flippautly told that he might have been excluded from the cabinet had Mr Michie insisted upon it, we know not; for it is im possible to calculate whether, in a cabinet so constituted, the obscrvanco of tho ordinary rules recognised amongst gentlemen be not an ' open question.' But, leaving the associations of tho mena gerie out of view, we do most profoundly re gret that Messrs, Michio and Moore wore not permitted to deliver their Criterion speeches at tho Olympic. We could have wished to hear not only them, but the entire cabinet expound, first, their individual sentiments, and then their ' consolidated ' policy. Under tho circumstauces, it would havo been a success ful effort at a joke, on Mr Moore's part to have talked to that — or, indeed, any — audience about a ' fair hearing' or a ' fair trial, after de nying that right to. tho late ministry. It would, however, have been an appropriate in troduction to a speech in which ho had in tended, he says, 'to state to that noisy' meeting, had they vouchsafed to hear him, that lie had been returned in September last at j the head. of the poll' but in which he threw no light on the policy of the Government, except this, that ho was 'quite prepared to adopt a joint policy,' and that ' he was content to stand or fall with him (Mr Michio) .and' his principles.' It would have been of somo im portance to havo had the 'joint policy' enun ciated, or to havo had 'Mr Michio's prin ciples.' It would, however, have beon in admirable | keeping with tho pretensions that he sets up as the 'consolidated'- commissioner. 'I am equal to rcnom ana iscepnenson m roaas ana railways ; I am deep as Liudloy Murray in English grammar ; but my great forte is Finance !' That would have been Mr Moore's speech. As for the Ministferial policy, ho would have been innocent of any acquaintance with it. He would have been, as he said at the Criterion, ' content to stand or fall with him (Mr Michie) aud his principles,' and ' quite prepare^ to adopt a joint policy.' We should then havo had Mr Michie himself de scribing this joint policy as a combined effort at taming a ' wild elephant !' If we had had tho ' wild elephant' himself thero lie would perhaps havo informed us how long the tam ing process has been in operation, and how far it will be carried. We might havo learned whether ho considered the taming process of advantage to himself, or whether he regarded it as an injury for which ho was to receive compensation. If we had both elephants — the tamo and the wild — on the stage at tho same time, wo might have seen which of them was master of the other, and whether the tamo ono was so very imperious in his stipulations , as lie professed. If the 'Friar' had been there,- the rabid an ti- squatterisin of his colleague might have tempted him into one of those charmingly, candid reve lations for which' he - is becoming famous; and he might have been indiscreet enough to blab out the fact that thsir newest new land-bill is already concocted— that it has receivedtheapprovul of the/Squatters I— that it is now being iwintcd at the Government printing office!!— -and '.that it Contains a clausb. giving cjo^pen^ation to. tub Squatters 111 'This,, we say, .might have: been blurted out had - tliis .menagerie of wild elephants . and 'tamo el6phan'fe— Squatters and land leaguers — been on. the same.' stage; and, if it had, the Paterfamilias of the Barrabool Hills would have been as 'silent as he was under the exposure that Mr O'Shanassy. made of his pre vious 'arrangements' 'with the squatters; Any attempt at explaining, .what, they meant' by a 'joint policy'' would have created a rupture; and, for that reason, we wish, tliafc they had been all at that mooting, and that they had ?been all heard. ' Silence is their salvation. The best proof of this ;i3 to be found in Mr Michie's attempted vindication of his conduct during . all these late ministerial de velopments. He had better never have made tlie attempt than offer such an explanation. In stead of getting out of tho mire, lie gets deeper into it. The- charge against liini was, not only that he had dealt treacherously with Mr O'Shanassy, and represented it falsely in the House, but that lie had affected au ignorance of his political .position and an indifference to the responsibilities involved' in his own politi cal acts, which were in the highest degree cul pable. W e pass over Lis versio u of tho negotia- . tions (if wo may so call them) between him self and Mr O'Shanassy, merely remarking that it is very different from the version he origin ally tried to palm off upon his friends and the public, previously to O'Shanassy's reply to him in the House, though. by no means in 'accord- ance with all the lacts of the case even now. But, such as- it is, what does it betray? It is a confession of such utter hollo wness and heart lessness a public man, that tho public can place no confidence in him in that capacity. He evades the charge of treachery by an ad mission of moral, indifference to his own res ponsibilities, and political indifference to the public interosts, that are equally culpable. He affects the haw-haw . style of a political libertine, who recognises no higher law than his own 'taste,' and who, even in a political crisis — in the very thick of the battle— gal- lops off the field, and protests his entire inno cence, of the whole business! When taxed with his treachery and cowardide in' so doing, lio replies (free translation) : — ' I certainly was there— ah— but I- should — ah — just as soon have been somewhere else. I am too dis ? ' fV»t. rxfVinn o f f mi rl ? tl tt fn Ibli. iVt VI (KVM/UUUJq . w any thing-r-ah— save my own interests. I know nothing about your votes — ah- — of want of con fidence. What have I to do with your — ah — or what have you to do with me? A fig for, responsibility! I forgot all about it. Do you think I have notliing else to do — ah — that I am thus to bo pesterod — ah — with public business In fact, I never think about my own business. 1 1 had an action for libel — ah — against myself, —ah — ah — on the very day after O'Shanassy wished to see me, and it never occurred to met — ah — till the night before. Don't you fetes what a devil-may-caro fellow I am 1 Respon sibility is not an article in my lino at all. I am too- smart for that. .And as for you, Mr O'Shanassy, you are a very respectable old muff — ha ! ha ! — and I wish you would not bother me any more.' Mr Michio ' adopts pvecisoly this tone ; and ho never rises above it. Wo repeat that lie evades tho appeal to his sense of political res ponsibility by affecting a spirit of universal indifference, that is not creditable to him either as a man of business or as a public representa tive. We see the same spirit evinced in his treatment of his present colleagues — a spirit which is properly characterised by tho term, recklessness. ' I don't know what Mr Ebden thinks and I don't care. But if he ventures to think differently from me. I shall very soon lot him know who's who. I speak for myself, and, as for my colleagues, tliey may go to their own place ' ! If this be a sample of the ' tamo elephant,' wo wonder what sort of an animal tho 'wild' ono will be ! Why will some persons habitually cherish tqo wildest delusions respecting the people i Why will tliey persist in believing that tho People are, in general, nothing better than, a mere aggregation of luuatic3, at large, utterly unable to think or act for themselves, always liable to bo misled by any designing dema gogue who offers himself as their guide, and requiring to be constantly kept in rigorous check by their keepers, tho Government ? Wliat a pity it is, for' such persons, that thero is such an inconvenient and troublesome element in political society as:a People, at all? And how desirable it would bo if they could all be ex cluded bodily from society, so that it might be kept iu the sclectest state of aristocratic oxclu sivenoss ? That were a consummation worth living for, even in such a vulgar world as this ! There would not then bo any noisy public meetings at Olympic Theatres and elsewhere, to frighten the highly selcct circles from their propriety, and to throw journalistic old ladies into hysterics of terror ! Seeing, however, that it does not accord with ' the eternal fitness of things' that this very undesirable ' popular' element ' should bo wholly .eliminated from civil society, it might perhaps be as well if our very nervous friends of the high aristocratic order wero to calm their fears, and endeavor to free themselves from tho delusion under which they labor. Wo would respectfully tender them the advice given by Sam Johnson to Jemmy Boswell : ' Clear your mind of cant!' We would beg to point out to to them tho irrationality of supposing that a thousand men can be at any time moved to ac tion, not by some tangible objcct which impels them, but by the alleged foolish and groundless representations of some ono man or newspaper. Take, as an illustration, tho . case before our eyes at this moment. Many thousands of men, in various parts of tho country, havo met in' public meetings to express their disapprobation of certain recent proceedings in the Legislature, amounting iu their opinion to au act of tho ? ? i. ? ? i:±: ? i -..a ? l ? grusausu puunuui jjuj.8uuuoiun, iyu tjuwoiib uui friends aforesaid to consider whether it is at all supposable that all these men were laboring un der a pure delusion, originated and fostered by their ' false friends and covert enemies.' Look at the Richmond mooting, at tho Sandhurst meeting, at the Ballaarat meeting, and tho speeches made by tho working-men at tho Olympic TJieatro tbo other evening', as reported in this journal, and say whether thero be not in them all very remarkable indications of clear intelligence, practical good sense, and firm resolution? Certainly,. -the speaking at tho Olympic will bear favorable comparison with that at the Criterion ; and tit' the St. Kilda meeting on the same evening, the logic was not all on the side of tho worsted 'Transition' Minister. Take all this into account, wo say, and it will dissipate for ever that drivelling nonsense about ' the working men of Mel bourne. and its suburbs' being utterly beyond thcreach of reason, and nt the mercy of some imaginary' ' insidious,' 'reckless,' and 'un- principled demagogues,' about' whom certain weiik-hfeaded old women are madly raving just now. Doubtless, the. working men of Mel bourno and its suburbs will keenly appreciate the compliment paid them by those wh6 hold this estimate of their common sense and com mon honesty, and will rush eagerly to support the political party which holds that very esti mate as part of their creed ! But, in all seriousness lot us aek what has been the . mischief in this case, that , the poor Public are ? so mercilessly belabored with hard words ? They Imue only done ivhat the Auglts recommended Parliament to do in the case of the late Ministry : they refused to recognise them . at all. It was the ' no- confidence' vote re peated with more unanimity and heartiness, but with less meanness, treachery, and vindic tiveness. But, without taking advantage of a contrast that suggests -itself so forcibly, what, ! wo repeat, is there to bo alarmed about ? There has been sovie noise at one or two poli tical meeting's, and a very decisive expression of popular indignation at tho conduct of cer tain persons in power; What then ? The same thing has happened a million times before, and will happen a million tinaes again. There is no help lor it in a free country. Noisy public meetings (if . tliero aro absolutely no bones broken) are not such great national calamities that we must . sit down and break our hearts over their occurrence. No doubt it' would bo highly desirable that even miscellaneous public ... meetings should be conducted- in a style of ;decorum as -extreme as if tho ghost of Beau Nasli himself wOrb presiding as M.C. But, realiy, we are much afraid that the thing is hardly possible of realisation, as long as free British citizens feel strongly about their politi cal interests. Tho only way to prevent this kind of popular ' demonstrations' is to avoid carefully the occasions for exciting them. If thero be no political persecution in reality, thero will of course be' no -public expression of indignation at it. If the working classes are left without any cause of serious complaint against the. Government, it is morally certain that they will not complain. As to a little noise now and then, even the grave and digni fied historian Hallam remarks, that ' the wildest excesses , of faction are less dishonoring than the stillness and moral degradation of servitude.!' .There is not a truly British citizen in existence who doo3 not cordially hold the same conviction. It will servo materially to simplify the whole political question now at.- is3Ub beforo this country if, on tho one hand, the People confine themselves strictly within tho legitimate limits of public order iu giving expression to tlieir sentiments ; ' and if, 011 tlie other, all anti popular journalists and others would disabuse their minds of tho dismally spectre-like fancies which haunt them respecting tho existence of general lunacy amongst the People, and of de signs little less than treasonable on the part of their political opponents. And thi3 wo would respectfully recommend those parties to do. Tliey only render themselves supremely ridi culous by the tone they at present adopt. ' , 