EASTER. CLOWNS AND EASTER CONSERVATIVES. (Lloyd's Weekly.') No fair is to be held this Easter at Green wich. Empty and silent will be the space that, long beyond the memory of the oldest pensioner, has been crowded and noisy. In stead of a thronging mob, with beaten drums and blatant trumpets, there will lounge a policeman or two to mark for form's sake the ground for so many, many years dedicated to stalls, and booths, and shows. And in place of the olden, customary delights of the fair—■ the delights of cheating and being cheated, still accounted all as one—we learn that, under the grave, instructive rangership of the Earl of Aberdeen, Greenwich Park will present more than its wonted attraction for the lovers of country turf and country air. Yes, the delights of Greenwich in this purer Easter of 1857 are promised to be far more humanising, far more elevating than the olden excitement, the departed raptures, of the blaze and hubbub of the far-sought' fair. And can this change take place and at such a juncture, and cause no profitable contempla tion in Conservative bosoms ? Shall no rueluncholj', sweet or bitter, or both, arise in the mind of Lord Derby, when he considers the tyranny of the schoolmaster that makes the olden site of Greenwich fair blank as the site of Babylon, and turns the holidaymaking mind to consider the budding chesnuts, the awakening presence of spring in Greenwich Park. " Could we but open and intend our eye, We all like Moses should espy, Even in a bush the radiant Deity." Hence the new teacher, forbidding the craft of the juggler, banning the contortions of the tumbler, sends forth his holiday pupils to make sport upon the green turf—a healthier bit of green then the eld bit of baize where fools lost that knaves might prosper. Well, we will imagine the holiday-people wandering in the park ; spread over Black hcath—and for the old site of the old fair, why that for a time shall be visited by mosl worshipful society. The spirit of Con servatism has been grievously smitten by the putting down of Greenwich fair; and is it not seemly, is it not natural—especially at the present hour of amazement and disaster in election quarters—that Conservative states men arid Conservative political judges should sympathise with Conservative defeat, even though shown in the suppression of a time honoured wake, in the abolition of a vener able. fair. We cau imagine Lord Derby spiritually present at Greenwich. What, now, is Toryism, even with its last dulcet name, Conservatism ? What is it but the spectre of a dead thing ? And can Lord Derby so consider it, can be so meditate upon its shadowy being, without feel ing some interest in the departure of Richard son's Ghost ? Even as Toryism, so was that Ghost a thing of might and mystery to the common mind. Even, too, as the Ghost had its gong, and its flash of blue flame, so, too, had Toryism its deafening brass in the voice of authority ; its confounding, blinding flashes in the lights of the law. The multitude be lieved in the Ghost, even as the people were expected to believe in < 'hancellor Eldon. And now, Richardson's Ghost is nought ; laid, too, almost at the same hour that Conservatism is knocked flat upon its back at the hustings. Does not the coincidence, does not the time, demand a sympathetic sigh, a votive tear from Lord Derby ? His lordship may be bodily at Knowsley this coming Easter Monday ; but, profoundly touched by the conviction of the very prostrate condition of Toryism at the hour, he cannot choose but be spiritually pre sent at Greenwich. "Alas, poor Ghost!" cries his lordship; and the ejaculation does double duty, mourning alike the ghost of Con servatism and the Ghost of Richardson. And Mr Gladstone—how is it possible that be can stay away from Greenwich? Wild horses should not take hira a contrary road. Certainly not. The right hon. gentleman mournfully paces the site of the fair : now backwards, now forwards, now diagonally. And for this reason. He seeks the very spot where the time-honoured fire-eater was wont to take his hourly supper of flaming tow and sparkles ; now swallowing, and now evolving from his Vulcanic mouth a never-ceasing, never-ending, and nevc- r-barning stream of fire. It is but natural that Mr Gladstone should warm even about the exchequer places of bi3 heart, when he thinks of the doings of that fiery mao, that like the lamented Miss Biffin, and not unlike some Cabinet ministers, did everything with his mouth. Very natural, too, is it that Mr Glad stone, while contemplating the ruined pros pects of that fire eater, made bankrupt by the suppression of the fair, should reflect upon a recent failure, in which no effective fire was struck even out of Flintshire. Mr Disraeli will pay, or, at least, will owe the tribute of a tear to the genius loci. Seek ing the bit of earth, as precious and as clas sical as any piece of the country of John Hampden, the few feet of land whereon was wont to be drawn the modest van that con tained the Spotted Boy, Mr Disraeli will, very naturally, feel an . expansion of sympathy to wards that onc.e wonderful public phenomenon now passed into the obscurity of private life. Once upon a time it was, in truth, a great dis tinction to be a Spotted Boy. Every spot was worth a broad piece of daily gold; every spot, in its lighter and deeper hue, was another evidence of the priceless value of the many coloured youth ; but chaDge comes on ; inno vation enters even vans; and the Spotted Boy, the wonder and the treasure of one genera tion of sightseers, is the eyesore and the nui sance of the generation following. And Mr Disraeli with unuttered eloquence, thinks a denunciation of tlie instability of all human things. There was a Spotted Boy—a marvel and a wonder—who once stood upon the hust ings of Marylebone ; and the right hon. gen tlemen, "beating his pensive bosom," may haply wonder—" where is he ? " Sir James Graham, as an old Conservative of an olden time, will pay a visit to Green wich ; and, seeking the places where the roundabouts were wont to turn and turn, will, doubtless, pay the tribute of a melancholy smile at the thought of the past, with yet new hope in the roundabout of the future. Mr Cobden and Mr Milner Gibson, as men of peace, will seek the spot where the gentle British youth were accustomed to fire, without powder or ball, for hazel nuts, to the beautiful and no less humane reproach of the existence of Greenwich Hospital, devoted to the shelter of old men who had wasted their lives in bloodshed and, what is worse, in the destruc tion of much property. That Conservatism should, at the same time, suffer a blow both at Greenwich Fair and in Parliament, is, it must be allowed, a coincidence not altogether unworthy of pass sing consideration. As for the poor people displaced, put out of employment by the Greenwich authorities, they will be compelled to take up other callings. The poor creature who plyed Richardson's Ghost may wash, in stead of wear white robes: the fire-eater may henceforth fill his mouth by crying the cries of a costerraonger. Even the Spotted Boy may be promoted to the eminence of a Hansom cab ; there i3 some sort of hope for all these folks : but at the present moment we do not see any very lively prospect for the Conservative set, baffled and beaten by the result of the late dissolution. Mr Disraeli complained that the sole object of Lord Palmerston was, by the dissolution, to waste a twelvemonth. If we deduct the usual Easter holiday, we shall not have lost more than three weeks or a month by the late appeal to the country; and we very much doubt if, for Lord Derby and party, the Par liament will not be reassembled much too s ion. For what have they in preparation? The very Ghost of Protection is laid : Mr Gladstone cannot every night eat Chinese fire ; neither can Mr Disraeli exhibit a Spotted Budget until further notice. The next question is, will these parties— with the poor artists ejected from Greenwich —try something new,,? And what ? 