A GHOST AT WOLLOMBI. A RATHER incredible tale has been narrated by several persons from Wollombi, whilst in Mait- land during the assizes. The statement has been corroborated so far that the woman who says she has been favoured with a visit from a denizen of another world is known to reside on the Quarrybolong estate, and in the cottage which is referred to. The story runs thus: \- A woman named Laskett, shortly after her arrival in the countrv, some three years since, went and took up her abode in a hut on the Quarrybolong estate, the property, we believe, of Mr Close. Frequently Mrs Laskett imagined that she saw a somethmg which she could not describe, apparently playing at hide and seek behind the trees, and then around the hut, but having no belief in ghosts she put it down as an optical delusion. Within the last six months, however, this mysterious some- thing assumed a more natural form. At first it appeared like a bundle of woman's clothes sus- pended in the air, and used to delight in hovering over a water-hole in the creek, a little distance from Mrs Laskett's hut, but the momentary fear and trepidition which was occasioned by this aparition having subsided, nothing more was thought of it. At last the woman's clothes, when next seen, were on an apparently aged female; her face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her hands she beckoned Mrs Laskett to follow her, but flesh and blood could not stand the fright, and the poor woman had fainted. Night after night this ghostly visitor appeared, but fright prevented Mrs Las- kett from obeying her injunction. At length she determined upon the next visit to muster up courage enough to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunt her. The next night came, and at the usual hour the ghost ap- peared, looking a shade more miserable than on previous occasions. Mustering up courage, Mrs Laskett said, "Who are you?' The ghost then told her that her name vvas ---------, and that many years ago she resided in that hut, that whilst there she had been foully murdered by -----, and beckoning with her hand, she said, "Follow me, and I will shew you where I lie buried " Mrs haskett followed, and mis taken down to this waterhole, over which she had so often seen the strange sights Tho gho*t mis silent until ai- ming at the bolo, \ hen turning round she saul, " My bodv is there," and disap¡ eaied binco then Mrs Laskett had not boen troubled with her visitor Not knowing what to think of this ap- parition and discovery, she decided upon asking the advireof hei neighbors I he story created some excitemnit, and this excitement was m oieased when, upon searching the recoul of the Wollombi police court it was discovered that a woman named - had resided in that hut, and that she bad dissappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, we are told, was held, and Mrs Laskett was questioned and cross questioned, but her story was in no way shaken. They were unable, however, to test its truth by searching for the supposed body in the water-hole, in consequence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, we believe, doing so when it subsides We are also told that the person who was named as the murderer is still residing in the district What makes this strange story " more nundious stiange," is the fact of Mrs Laskett being onlv a new hand in the colony, is therefore unacquainted with either the names of the former occupants of her house or with the circumstances of the mysterious disappearance of an aged woman Maitland Mercury. ADVI'NTURF -WITH A TIÜER -A Capo pnner has the following account of an ndvontuie with a tiger -A young male ti"erwas killed nt the farm Medbuiy, about ten miles horn Graham's ionn, but not until nftci two ot the parties engaged in this aflnr wcie pluced in eonsiderable leopure') It appeals that on the morning of the day in question, the servants hi ought intelligence to Mr Matthews, jan , th it the) bsd seen a voting tiger, and wounded it Being in the field at the time, he started oft with a colouied man, ini- tiai med, leaving diiections ibr two servants to follow with guns 1 be> came to tie place where the ligar was said to havo been seen, and ns the dogs seemed cirelessly to enter the bush, the two pursuers imprudently followed, and now, in then turn, bec une the pursued ¿or, shortly alter wards, thev. fonn l the dogs »ni mir engaged with the tiger, and, being vv ithout either stiok or knife, they retraced their steps a short distance, that they might view the combat without inonrrmg needless danger They had not gone far when thev found the digs were giving way, and, at length, in full rotroit tonaids them. The col- oured man at once fled, and for the other to have remained would have been foolhardllioss, fur cer- tain death must have ensuid, so ho likewise started-the dogs and the tiger gaining rapidly on them A pretty pickle to be m * Alter run- ning till nlmost exhausted they lound that the tiger also slaekenened his pace owing to loss ot blood from tho wound received in the morning 1 he dogs, finding this, kept tho tigorat bay until two armed men arrived Olio attempted to fue, but was so alarmed that ho oould not do so 1 he other, having a little stronger nerve, filed with correet aim, wi killed, the tiger ou th? spot, ¡ SHOWING THE " WHITE F^AiJiER^TáfíIyiaRE STATE AND THE TRASS VAAtJlEFUBMc.-Thtftwo republican nrm:es met On tho Yuul River,-Pre torious vith thieo hundred and Boshof with eight hundred men. When tho former body saw the superior force of their opponents, they lore bits of while caheu from th« tails of their shirtr, tied them to their guns, and mounted them aloft as flags of ti nee. The Free State [»arty of conr-io did not (iro uiid°r these nirumst.ineos : the heads of each body met mid settled terms of peace, and the TriuiH ^.ul warriors marched back with their /bite tail; creel.- Cope pa¡>er. 