To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. Sir, I am deeply grieved to have encountered the ill-will of your correspondent E. M. 8 by presuming to differ from his interpretation of Bom. viii. 18-23. Heatly I had no wish to incur his displeasure. In these days of unlimited private judgment, whenever one hath a doctrine and an interpretation' of his own, I could have hoped that the crudeness of my Theology and my carelessness in Greeks might have passed muster without an uncourteous rebuke. However I am not very anxious on either score; and will hazard a brief rejoinder to the criticism of your irritable friend. As to the verb and noun rendered by E. M. 8 in the sense of development, his authorities are entirely wide of the mark ; nor is there in any Greek writer, sacred or profane, a single instance of the signification which he assigns to them. The verb means primarily to remove a veil, to uncover; and thence to disclose whether gradually or at once, some secret or mystery previously unknown ; but any idea of expansion or development is never included in it I do not suppose that E. M. S. is a follower of Dr. Newman's theory; but his exposition savours thereof. In the passage before us, the term, as very frequently in the New Testament, is used with reference to the second advent of Christ, and the glory then to be revealed; and we are well assured that the ' coming of the Son of Man' will not be gradually developed, but sudden and unexpected, as the coming ' of a thief in the night But, in any case, what can my ' Baptismal regeneration glass' have to do with the business. The proposition is in the 18th verse [will bear the meaning to and I could satisfactorily prove it but I do not care to do so, because the authorised rendering, in, is far preferable and I fancy, though I will not be positive, that in my MS. it was so given. The plural series, for glory in the singular, is of no moment whatever ; nor indeed does either of these oversights, for such they were affect in the remotest degree the groundwork of my proffered interpretation. I rendered gar by indeed advisedly. It is well known that the particles is frequently neither casual nor relative, but simply connective, or presumptive. For examples, compare Matt. i. 18, Luke ix. 44, 2 Cor. ix. 1, et opium. The allusion to the disastrous effects of the Fall is here manifestly resumed. I do not change the expression vanity into the corruption (of original singles ('consequent on original sin'), if E. M. S. likes it better; but I trans- late the Greek term as indicated by the cognate word in the next verse. Neither do I contradict St. Paul in teaching with our Church (Act. ix.), that the fault and corruption of nature remain in them that are regenerated ;' and it would be well if li. M. S. did not pervert St. Paul to suit his purpose. But here again the gross' seems to be the stumbling I lock. It strikes me, nevertheless, that the first fruits of the Spirit are the earliest graces of those who are born of the Spirit ; and that, improved and matured by the daily renewing of the Holy Ghost, they become an earnest of the glory which shall be revealed in the children of God. There is one expression in this letter which may appear harsh ; but' I know not how to soften it. Those who engage in controversy, and especially in religious controversy, should be careful that their quotations are apt and relevant. They should contend for the truth ; not for conquest or display. For my own part, as far as my interpretation of this particular passage is concerned, I could abandon it with readiness, when supplied with a better ; though at present I hold it to be correct : but with other views of Baptismal regeneration I could neither profess a loyal attachment to the Church of England, nor subscribe myself PAULINES. July 29th, 1857. 