C Li-Üiai_AUVJ_ ASSEMBLY. v FalDA-Y. JTn_,Sr_A_x_ took the chah- at twenty-live minute* past three o'clock. ' " . PAPERS. I Mr. PARKER luid upon the table of the House an account of I the receipts and expenditure of the Maitland Road Tru'-t up to j the 30th June, 1850 ; and also a further report from the officer In charge of the North Australian expedition. The Utter document was ordered to he printed. ? LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. HOLROYD asked for fourteen days' leave of absence for tho hon. member for Kin? and Gi orgiana. Granted. GOLD DOTY DILL. I The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved the third reading of this bill. The House divided on the motion, which was carried by a ma- jority of 22 to 10. The following is the division list : i Ayea*22. . i Noes, 10. Mr. Parker Mr. Murray Donaldson " ", ,t Weelo t Manning Forster _ i Hay Oakes , Pye I T > : «. Balley ' Barker , . . . . Piddington Holt . . < . ,-i , Arnold '< Robertson , , " ,, Scott i - .¡x ' , Holroyd- . , Martin, |-..««"i ' Nichols - '*? Cowper tTeHe": . Bowman -,.< . ' i ' ' ; Marks . . . ,,,.,,. " , Oxley , . , " , " . . , '>, i. . i . ' s Sandemari » » , ,',, . t ; ' Gordon ' '""..."'V »'',,. e ' Johes -. r--"n '-. ; . * ','' ' 1 Lee1-' '* f.';r«^v< .? 'OU-.T-I- ifu> - - Plunkett-^'«/.'Jil' K . 4- ,' ' r Hnrgravo < , - - ' ." ' ' ' -Mnoar.hur- - - Suttor 1 T " i ' ' ' '>!-*.> ' t Garland | «»."? .' ' The bill was then read a third time and passed. ' ' *. " POLITICAL PENSIONS. ' " Mr. GORDON moved, pursuant to .notice, "1; That in the opinion of this House, it is neither expedient nor desirable to create any system of Political Pensions in this colony. "2. That the Pen«ions claimed on political «rounds, under Schedule B. of the Constitution Act, wero sanctioned by a Legislative Authority in- competent to deal with a matter of such high Constitutional concern- ment, and in the opinion of this House ought to bo reconsidered." He had to offer some apology to the House for this motion hiving been so oficn postponed, but, with tlio exception of the last occa- sion but one, this had not been from hin fault. As tho matter was one of fomc importance, and one to which ho felt himself totally incapable of doing justice, he had to beg the favourable consider- ation of the House whilst he offered a few observations on the motion. Ho would have wished that the principles therein set out should have been token up by some other hon. member better able to do the subject justico than ho should be ; but as he saw the session fart drawing lo a cloie, and ns ho was dosirous'that this, the first session of tho represcsentativo Parliament under consti- tutional Governmtnt, should not bo allowed to jia^s awav without these principles bein? brought prominently anti distinctly befólo tho House, so as to entibio hon. members on either side to record their opinions, he had, ruther than see tho session pass over without such opinions being given, taken this weighty task upon himself. Tho principles involved in the motion wero thom Ihot ho hnd opposed from the very first moment that tlicy had been broached, and from that time forward ho hnd not failed to express his dissent from the Civil List and Pension List tim: were attached to the Constitu- tion Act. Ho presumed, from what he had heard, that hon. mern hors opposite had no objection to the first resolution, and it would therefore bo unnecessary for him to trouble the Houso with any lengthened remarks upon it. He should then leavo it to speak for itself, but if he found that it wns opposed ho would ie-crvc to him- self tho right of answei uiir any objections, when ho should be called upon to reply. He should, then, go to tho principles in volvedm the second resolution. He was aware that ho should bo told by hon. members opposite, that to deny the competency of the late Legislature to pass these lists, would ho equivalent to denying the validity of the very Constitution which had sent him into that House, as a representativo of the people. On this point he disagreed with them entirely, and thought that he should be able to show that tho Constitution Act itself was quite different altogether from the Civil List that U.id bren tacked on to it ; and be would here ask hon. members on both sides of the House to come to the conside- ration of this question with calm and unbiassed minds, and heg of thom not tocóme to any h-isty conclusion to reject his motion, on the ground that he hnd heard put forward by some persons out of doors and by a portion of the Press, that passing this resolution would bo a repudiation of the rights of some persons whose inter- ests wero mixed up with the Pension List, ne would beg to assure them, that he for one would never be a party to any repu- diation, he would never repudiate any act to which the gojd faith of this country were pledged. All he a«kcd of tho House was, not to repudiate, but to say whether t ils schedule should not be re- considered, because it would always be a dangerous precedent be- fore their eyes, so long ns it remained on the Statute-book of the colony. He quite admitu*d that the gentlemen named in the schedule were quite entitled to retiring allowances, though he was not at present prepared to say whether they ought to receive the full amount set down for them in tho scbcdulo or not; but, if these resolutions should pass, he Mould be prepared at the proper time to state his views upon tho subject, and ho was quito suro that they would bo found to be such that the parties interested would hive no i ight 11 complnin of. Ho bad no duubt but that an attempt would bo made to justify the passing by the old Legis- lature of this Civil List that it was a portion of the Constitution Act, their right to pass which no one could deny ; but he denied that the Act was in nny way alfectcdortouchcdb. this list, and con- sequently that tiley ought never to have been mudo p irt and parcel nf the same Act. In order to deal fairly with this question thev must look at the whole case, and to the construction of the old Council _i the lime this schedule was passed. It would bo in the recol- lection of hon. members that the old Council -was on the point of expiring hy cfiluxion of time, and that it, a Legislature portly representative partly nominated, was about to pass nwuy and give place to a Legislature entirely composed of representa- tives of the people. Under such circumstances, bo held that it was entirely incompotent for that bidy to entail a Civil List or Pension List upon the colony for all time to come. It would have been mach more becoming had tuat Council left the decision nf this important question to those who were to follow them, and who would have been entirely representatives of the people. Nor should it be foi gotten that at tho timo this Act and its appended schcdulo wore passed, these gentlemen had not retired from their offices under the Go\ crament; neither were they entitled to retire until they should have been either not elected by some con- stituency, or displaced by a vote of that House. For this reason then he held that it was not right to vote a retiring allowance for gen- tlemen who would not retiro until this House had assembled. Whilst it was quite necessary that In order to pass tho Constitution Act they should have ntl tho powers requisite for them to do so, yet they novcr could have had the power to pass this Civil List and Pension List, that formed no Íiirt of the Act, and which cntiiled an expense upon the country or all time coming. For if any person took the trouble to look at tho Constitution Act, they would seo tint the Civil Lise clauses weie a different pirt altogether from tho Act, not at all necessary to it, and had boen attached to the Act solely for the purpo-,o of making thom palatable. Tho Act would have been quite complete without these clauses ; and therefore it w is that he asserted that it was incompetent for the Council to piss them. No doubt the old statement would be put forward in justification of the acts of the old Council in this respect, that there had been a compact with her Majesty, and that certain revenues derivable from the lands of the colony wero to bo given up in return for this Civil List being granted. Ho totally denied that such was tho fact, or that her Majesty had asked for any bargain of the kind ; nnd he chall, nged the Government to say tfi tt any such a communication had been reccl\ ed in the co- lony from her Majesty, as that her Majesty would not grant the Land Revenue to the colony, unless this Civil List were inado over to her. And in speaking of this question of compacts, which ho i believed had been and would be again put forward in answer to these resolutions, by moro members than one, ho had only to efcr to the speech of the Solicitor-General, during the deb ito on the New Constitution Bill, to show that thero was no foundation for any such thing. [Tho bon. member then quoted from Mr. Dur vall's speech as given in Sylvester's Report of the debate on the New Constitution, to the effect that Mr. Darvall gave It as hts opinion that the Queen possessed no such prerogative as that claimed for her of insisting upon a CivU List, and that by grant- ing it the colonists wero only bringing on themselves an evil that Parliament did not oven ask from them.[ Now it appeared that no such compact hid evor been asked for by the Queen, and that tho granting of'he Civil List was a sponta- neous act, emanating from the generosity and magnanimity of the late Legislature. Nor was it likely that the Civil List, having once been offered to her Majesty, she would refuse to appropriate so handsome a sum as it contained. Then, again, he contended that the appropriation of the public money, cither in tnc shape of a Civil List, or under the name of pensions by a Legislature not com- posed entirely of tho representatives of the people, was an aot directly at variance with one ot the first principles of tho I)rit.sh Constitution-he alluded to the principio which vested the appro- priation of money exclusively in the hands of the people's repre- sentatives. Ho found that this doctrine had been duly recognised, even in the Constitution Act under which they existed, and na it was essential that right principles should on all occasions be strictly adhered to, and as it was admitted on all bands that the late Legislature did not consist wholly of tho representatives of the people, he maintained that this, tho first purely representative House, had a right to reconsider tue Civil List. But why, ho would ask, was this Civil List granted at ali, seeing tint the Queen nc\er asked for it, and that no compact had been entered into rendering itnccessaiy T This led to another question, who were to bo the re- cipients of the Civil List t Was it not known, that at least five gentlemen in the old Legislature were to receive a very large share of itl Onercason urged in behalf of this provision, wastho necessity of ensuring justice to the principal members of the late Government. But this was a reason which implied the possibility of this, tho succeeding Legislature, failing to perform one of its highest duties, that of dealing out oven-handed justice, and in his opinion such a supposition was a gross libel on the colony, (near, hear.) [To show the correctness of his argument the hon. member here quoted from tho speech of Mr. Martin and Mr. Marsh as delivered in the debite upon tho New Constitution Bill, explaining that although the bon. members voted in favour of tho Constitution Act, they nevertheless advocitcd the constitutionality of granting to the new ropresentatiio Assembly tho wholo of the moneys from whatever source arising, without restriction or condition what- ever, leaving it to the late Government to make such provision as thejusticeof the case, with regard to the present recipients of pensions might demand.] He thought the ttitoraents ho had rea i, together with tho observations ho hod offered would disclose suffi- cient grounds for bringing this subject before the House, and ho hoped hon. members would do bim the favour of giving it their serious and unbiassed consideration. He was persuaded that if they did so, they would »grco with him that the present system of political pensions ought to be abolished, and some other mode of meeting thejusticeof the case adopted. As proof that wchad the power to dcat with these schedules, ho quoted the 4th seotion of the Constitution Act, which invested tho new Legislature with the power of making such alterations in the Constitution as tho cir- cumstances of the case might require. Mr. WEEKES seconded the motion. Mr. PARKER said he happened to be on this question totally disinterested, and he hoped that any observation he might mako would be looked upon as strictly impartial. Ho would in the first place remark that the arguments used by the hon. membor were not sustained, and that tho motion was brought forward on in- sufficient grounds. He must acknowledge the justice of what he asserted, that he wished some gentleman of better ability bad undertaken the task, because it seemed to him that the hon. mem- ber had failed to bring forward any argument to sustain in their integrity the resolutions which ho wished tho Houso to adopt. This was too serious a matter, and ought to be dealt with in a serious way. He did not think the lion, member was scarcely justified in bringing forward these resolutions unless he was able to sustain them on grounds stronger than those he had urged to day. The hon. member doubted in his mind the morality of ihe proceedings of these pensions because he did not inquire whether these appointments were just. Ho said that if he had to deal with these gentlemen he would have dealt with them as libe- rally as they were dealt with in the Constitution Act. He would venture to observe, according to the hon. member'sown showing, that if they did what he wished they would leave a blank during which time theso .gentlemen would receive no compensation. No plan of stability n»d been Eropoted by the bon. member so ajUo satisfy them that be would ave carried out In perfect faith what he considered due to those gentlemen. He eould understand if the hen. member bad laid on the table of the House a bill to repeal so much of the Constitution Act, and to make provision for these gentlemen. Then io doubt the non. member would be open ta no imputation of a desire to _ñak_-t-. Bat UM bon. neoLbtr had taken no «_e_eo_r»«.i ^-- . ? s» Ile apprehended, if thone resolutions were passed, that those «ren tlemen would be left in a state uf uncertainly an to the provWo« that v/un made fur them, which would bo degrading to t o norna» an.i to-the country. It seemed ta him ' hat oï the'flmtof theaatt- ' solution* there wa» not u (treat deal to be nbji cted to. He was'nott prepared to n iv whether or not the principle was »om d, because they munt bear in mind that the granting of thane pensiona never couti ' arise «gain. The declaration, therefore, att out In the first resolution -was not applicant« to the present case, and was not necessary, although they might express their opinion that it waa not desirable to cieate any sys- tem of political pensiona in thiacolory. Ho wa« not nwure that there was any attempt to make a system of pensluns. He be- lieved thut great difference of opinion existed in hon. numbera on. the other side of the House ; that was to say, that some wished to mike the pondons nnahgons to those at home, and that those who held the office of Ministers of the Crown, and who were removed I on political grounds, there should be some provision fur. (Very iow.) He believed that waa the opinion of rome hon. members) who took a prominent part on that side uf the House. 1 crimps ha made allusion to somo gentlemen who wero not pre«! nt. (Name.) Mr. Cowper and Mr. Martin he believed were of that opinion, if h« had dune thein wrong in saying so he ahould bo M ry sorry for it. Those two gentleman li id been ministers, anti wMu'd 1er retiring pensions. He had been one, and he did not dcsii e a retiring pen- sion. Ho merely mentioned this to show that there waa s difference of opinion on this subject. Ho main- tained, > therefore, there waa no nocoi-iity for a resolution of this kind. What he did most strongly object to vi as the second; resolution. Ho denied altogether tim pioprietv of the terms ot the resolution. If the hon. member had contented himself with saving tlicso pcnsiuns were impo'ilio unit undi t-ir i> le, and that the House should take steps with rcg- ird to the Civil List he would be prepared to dispute it ; but when tho lion member said that the pensions claimed on political g'ound» undfrSchedulo B of the, Constitution Act were sanctioned by a 1 cimlallvo authority in- competent to deal with a matter of such high constitutional con- cernment, ho would ask the hon. lm-mbcr how he gut his "seat here. Was itto it by tho authority of the late Legislature t ("No, no, " from Mr. Ilobertaon | no was nulte aurpi iscd to hoar,the lion, member say no. It seemed to him that they all sat in thi» House by no other right but that derived from tho Constitution Act. (Cheers.) The hon. member had rested the wholo of his arguments on the quotations of certain speeches that had been made on the Constitution Act. Now, the otfect of these speeches were contrary to the conclusions that had ben di awn by the hon. member. After stating that tho resolution proposed had no defi- nite meaning, the honor ible member concluded by saying; - he thought the House must reject these l evolutions. Ho had, ' however, no doubt something moro material «oult be said in support of thom, but up to the p.esent mommt they had been weakly sustained. Mr. WEEKLS said ho was sure that some of the remarks that had fallen from the hon. member had given bim great surprise, and also much nain. He was surprised tint that gentleman, who was so remark ible for ti o great courtes) of his conduct with regard to hon. members, shou'd have forgotten himself by alluding to hist hon. friend's want of abilitv in hundling tho question. Ile thought the hon. member did not dcervo that rebuke, nor did it com« with goid taste from that hon. incuber. Mr. PAUKLR said he did nop mean anything offenaivo in what he sa.d. ; Mr. WEEKES continued : no believed tho hon. member did not mean it offensively. Ho didnot agree vi ith the terms of the reso- lution, and he must sa} that the paint he differed on was as to to* onmpctonoy of the Hou»o to deal with this question Ho be- lieved tho late Legislature were competent to deal with the question. (Hear, hear J Therefore the remarks he was going to make would be founded on that rUht. He intended to move an amendment vv hich would attach the amount of p iv. Ho said the Homo ought not to loso any tnhe in dealing with the pensions nnd cutting them down to nn amount similar to those that wera paid in the mother-country. He would movo an amendment to tho following effect:-"That the pmsiona appronnatcd hy- the late Connell in the Schedule to the Constitution Act, to the incumbents of any office or department who, on politl al ground»..' should retire or be released from office, arc most cxliavagant in amount and not warr intcd hy the practico in *imil ir cases in th» mother-c luntrv.-Th it, in the opinion of thiB Hi u <e, as involving no bri aoh of faith, cither with thb Cro vn, or « Uti individuals, but in justice to the ponplo of this colony, thqso pensions should bo reduced." In alluding to this subject, lie did nut desire to make any reflections on tho present recipients of pensions. Ho b"iicvi d thev had the good taste not to voto fn those pensions, but ti ey cul I no' oxpect in these degenerate dajs that these gen- tlemen vi oui t thui-t back tho huidsomo pensions that had been forced on theai by the late Logisl ituro. In his remarks he did not intend to bo personal. This'power of groating these pensions was based upon the petition of grievances of Mr. Wentworth, that petition contained a statement to this effect that wo were prep ired, on the surrender to the colonial Legislature of nil our revenue and tho ostablish ! nient amongst us of n Constitution similar to Canada, to grant to her Majestyn civil list in the saiietcims as Canada. Now, h» supposed that no one would intend to deny, th it tin so pensions, ¡were, to say the le ist of them, very high, extraordinarily hUh, and if thoy could d-al with this subject wltuout any feeling of compact with the Ciovui or any breach of faith to individuals then he thought the} had a perfect and just right to do so. He would have to prov e the right to deal with th« Constitution Act, that they had a right to alter und to amend iUv beheved DO one would attempt to din}. It was oxpiessly laid down in that of ten quilted despatch of Loid John Russell, that they had tho power (the lion, member read an extraot to prove tho House had the power) to de ii with the civil list The opinion ex- pressed by the Attorne}-General on the hustings, ni o confirmed , this view ih it thoy would amend tho Constitutlm Act from one' end to -mother, except in eel tain instances *hcre the pensions hod to bo referí ed to the Goiemoi-Gcnirn], and reserved for the royal assent. Now, as he said before, this compact with regard to the pension» ." routed on ho grlovnnco petitions which piovlded that if we had the control of our rev enuc*, au i n constitution like Canada, wo should grant to her Majesty a civil list to bo levied > instead of what was provided for bv Schedule 13 and 14 Victoria. Now he contended that Ml th it was p ml in excess of tho Canada Act was gratuitous, and did not form part of the compact. In the Civil List of Canada, there were two schedules, A and D Tho Ten- sions granted to the Ju lges under Bohi dulc A a nountcd to only £2222, und j et there were seventeen Judges in Lower Canada. < He was not going to sa} an} thing agiinst the Judges' pensions, ho thought it was wiso that they Bhould havo larger pensions than any other class of public functionaries. Now, tho pensions altogether in Schcdulo II amounted to £1500 ; -that waa te Canada, tho schedule here amounted to £04,100. The Canada Act > 0 il} gave Schedules Aand D to her Majesty during tho lifetime ot i her Majesty, ond flva years afterwards thoy gavo this large; amount to her Majesty and her successors without any limitation. Now tho grievance Dctltion stated the Civil List should be in lieu: i_ of those provided m U and 14 Vittoria. In that Act, the total amount of pensions was the small sum of £2500. In substitution of that, they had the enormous pensions placed on the civil Hit He could well imagina with what'great gratification Lord John Bussell must have read their Constitution Act and the schedules. Uo could fanoy how gratified ho was to sec the principíese dear to Whigs and Tories of extravagant pensions taking root (and even promising to out- step tho exti avagunco of the mother country) in tho antipodes. They might do any thine they liked with the Consiitution Aot, but if the} touched the pensions that was taken out of their power the Govi mor could not assent to it, but it must be sent borne for the Royal assent. Now, ho contended that their compact was, t íat tbey should have a constitution similar to Canada, there waa nothing lu the Canada Act that referred to pensioning officers re- tiring on political grounds Tha hon. member, at some length, urgí d that the pensions should be granted only nccoiding to what was provided by the Superannuation Act, so that tho present recipients would recorvo cight- tweltths of their salary. This would make the pension amount to £2315, instead of £5900, which this colon} had to thank the old Legislature for having to pay. The bon. member com- pared the pcnsiuns paid here to thosi paid In the co ony of South i Aus'ralia, and stated the retiring allowances paid there was as 1 follows--Colonial Secretary, £425; Advocate-General, £37S ; Colonial Treasurer, £325, Cofnmissioner of Croan Lands, £250. (Oh, oh ) After some further reinal ki, the hon. member con- cluded by saying ho thought th«se pensions called for the opposi- tion of the House, to show that they who were tho representatives of the people would take caro of ino pprsc-strlngs of the colony, and would expose any gratti impropriety on tho part ot tho UM Government. MESSAGES FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Two messages were received fro n tho Legislative Council. Ths deputation were Mr. Johnson ond Mr. Knox, and with the excep- tion of Mr. Piddington, hon. members received them standing. The deb ite was resumed. Mr. PIDDINGTON seconded the amendment of tho hon. mem- ber for the Northumberland Barouglw. He agreed with that hon. membo , because he did not mean to contend against the moral right of those now enjoying tho pensions in question to compensa- tion of some amount. Wncn our Pension List was compared with that of Victoria, and the number of recipients taken into consider- ation, Ita cxtravaganco was very manifest. In the sister colony, whero the Btrcctd were, comparatively speaking, paved with gold, the legislators had not had the audacity . to engraft on their Constitution anything like tho sum of monoy wo havo engrafted on to our Act for pensions Ino smaller sum there voted was divided among six officer«, but here the sum of £5000 waa onlv shared in by five officers of the late Government. Ho believed the present motion would be an annual motion, moved as a test of tho honesty of the i members of the House. Although it might on tho present occasion bo rejected by a largo majority, he felt convinced It would bo a , diminishing majority that those who opposed It would grow les« from }ear to year until at last it would hç carried. (Hear, hear.) ' While admitting that he would be as hkuy us any other man to be tempted by-a fat pension, ho said legislation ought to con- , tempi ite tho restraint and check of Individual tendencies to cor- ruption which might CXIBI either hero or elsewhere, and not to support a system indefensible on any ground of reason or consi- deration for the country. He was quite willing to go as far a* Victoria, and allow three-fourths of the salary to those gentlemen * who lind been ten years in office, but ha thought the present Pen- i sion List was u dlsgraoc to tho colony. Mr. ROUhRToON thought it extraordinary some hon. member on the other side of the House had not i tscn to give his opinion in refeicnco ta the matter hef rjthe Asscnabl}, and he beliivcd it wa« not treating hon gentlemen willi the respect to which they were entitled for so many members of the Government to bo absent, and for others to refrain from addressing tho nousc. He thought tliero wore not half-a-doron men in tho old Council who repre- sented the colony. In fact, the country petitioned tno Govern- , ment to dissolve the House. He would Uko to know what right the old Council had to bind the hands of the future representa- tives of the people for all time coming, nnd voto away the people's money for years to come ! At the time the Constitution Bill passed there were three parties in the House-the one were to b« placed in the position of an hereditary oligarchy, to be able to ride roughshod ever tho people ; there was also u party of Squat- ters, who, albeit they thought it improper to accept money, would take thousands of actes of land ; and the third party were the vc y gentlemen who received the pensions far belt from him, however, to say anything hard about them. The hon. gentleman than passed a high culogiutn upon the eon duct of the hon. and learned Attorney-General, in standing up for the right to petition on tho part of the publio, when other nominee« .would not concedo that right. He denied that the people con- curred in the bargain made in reference to the pensions, because the House was not dissolved, and no proper opportunity afforded for the expression of public opinion. It was the bounden duty of the Governor- General, at that time, to have dissolved the House. It was true there was a compact offered between the Imperial Go- ' vernment and tho colony, but the Government Intercepted that compact, and made it a bargain for themselves. The hen. gentle- man explained to the bon. member at the head of the Govern- ment, in answer to certain intcrrdgations put to him, that he nat in the Assembly by the inalienable right of tho people. Ho thought the honorable gentleman who bad made tho motton now under consideration had proved his case beyond a doubt, in a manner which could not but be satisfactory to any bon. mern- * bcr who had not shut his ears to reason. ? Mr. DALLEY was disposed to think that as honorable members . on the same side of tho House as himself had been treated with a want of respect, and that by absence from the nouse, the Go- , vernment had evinced a contempt for the subject under considera- , tlon. He would pay the honorable gentleman at the head of the Government the compliment of saying that .he considered bira very far above his colleagues in his demeanour towards th« House. The honorable member then remarked that when it was considered that one gentleman now In the Mincatry, as law ¡ officer of the Crown, and another supposed to be connected with the Government, were pensioners under the Constitution Act, there might be some suspicion that the honorable gentleman at the head of the Government might not be so impartial aa he might imagine himself to be. (Hear, hear.) How a motion such as the one now before the Assembly could be received wit* surprise was beyond belief, when it was considered that the q««a tlon had been agitated throughout the entire country, and when most explicit promises were required on the huttings that th« matter should be taken up at as early a period as possible after tho commencement of the session. He thought the time which had elapsed between the commencement of the session and the period when these resolution» were put upon, the paper, waa * «tatt« - sufflcisat nssssi tot the inttodustion of the pressât jaotioa. (*M«n hear.) The matter ought to have been brought on at an earlier ?hue, and then in all probabl'lty it would have been more care- fully considered bv the Hous-. The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government, in opposing th*-re«olUtiort, «aid it might . have been possible, if the hon. member had Introduced a bill instead- pf, the present mo Ion, ,when he wJnld not have re- , .jetved hi« opposition -, but a« the hon. member who had placodthis | Msolhtíoitbn. the paper intended it to have the effect of pWcing the matter onoe more before the Logislatuw, it h^bt be possible that tho result of th it considération would have the eftVct of bring- ing «bout an Introduction of u bill, (near, beor ) But he con- sidered the hon. member was pcrfectlj justified m bringing for- ward this motion. The honorable gentleman observed that thehon. member for Cook and Westmoreland In hU speech on the Consß titation Act, oppnsed-or rather sppkeunfuvoiHiiblyof-,thecrea tion of« Civil List here; but ho found a little further on that the honorable member for Cook and Westmoreland expressed hi« approbation of the pension clauses, thereby nioely discriminating between a Civil Lis' and pension clauses of which they were only » fractional pai t. He denied that this colony obtained any ad- vantages solely with reference to the pensions wo were now about considering. He believed he wu supported in his view in reference to this pnlnt-taking into consideration the distinction between the Civil List and pensi»n»~by the remonstrances made by Mr. Wentworth, and »mWtted that it was ole«rly the inten- tion of the fruraer of the Constitution Aet, up to the timo the ?c1 ot committee was oppolntcJ/to have left the subject or the pensions Tor the consideration of the first Legislative Assembly wider constitutional Government. (Hear, hear ) That such was the case might be gathered from the fact that a great number of the supporters of the old Government were among those who wore explicit in expressing their opinion to that effect. The honorable gentleman then quolod from the speedie« ofMr Marsh .rid Mn Wentworth, in suppch-t of his aigiimcnt. no thought the gentlemen in receipt of pensions had not shown such magna- nimity as hnd been attributed to them, for although they left tho House at the time of tho division, they had already influenced Eon. member« as much »« possible by their speeches. He believed if the legal opinion of the framcr of their Constitution Bill was relied upon, ho belioved ho should be perfectly Justified in saying that the Legislative Council, of which that hon. and learned gentleman was a member, was not competent to pass this hill. (Hear, hoar) Whatever amount of pensions ho thought the present recipient* entitled to, for tho services they had rendered the country, ho should he prepared to give them, no matter who he pleased or who "he displeased, and he had no doubt that was the determination of every member of the Assembly, (Hear, , Mr. FORSTER regretted thnt some allusions should have been made to the absence of bonorablo member« from their places on the other sido of tho Hou«e, because, in regard to »omo of those honor ible members, there wore circumstances which would, in his opinion, have mode it most discreditable, most disgraceful, tor them to have takeu part in the debate; True, however, it was, that to those honorablo members who hod given pledges on the hustings, in reference to this subject, the present discussion might prove rather inconvenient He himself had ft.lt, when this motion was first placed upon the paper, that it w is rather tnconvcniant and inopportune that it should be drought forward at this late period of tho session, when they wtre surrounded hy ciicum «taneesofso much perplexity nd embirrassment. But on nclosei consideration of the principle involved, he hid arrived at an cn th-oiy different conclusion ; and ho thought tho thanks or the country were due to tho hnnorab o member who had brought it forward, before. By the acceptation of this pension cUuso by the present Failiament, thc»e pension became a kind of vi-sted interest when, if injustice to tho country had been done it would be much more difficult to remedy. Ho would now come to the resolutions. The hon the Colonial Secretary had «tatod that he did expi ot from the mover of these resolutions »omo manifestation of ability Now he thought 'his expectation ought to havo boen accomp mied by simo mnnifestnti n of ability on tho part of tho hon. membi r himself, instead of which his «peech had been so wide of tho subject that it had given rise to all the numorous digressions willoh had since perplexed and obscured the question before the Houf e. The amount of ability displaced lit moving the resolutions certainly in hi« opinion exceeded thit displayed by the han. member in reply. There was one point, howovor, on which he was prepared to agree with the hon. Colo ni»t Secretary, and that was with regard to tho charge contained in tho resolutions of thoincompetencyof the former Ligislnturo to establish those pension*. He had no doubt both constitutionally and legally the late Council had full power to do all that they hnd dono, because thoy were the established Legislature of thu country. No doubt the lato Council did not represent tho country fullv. But the «arno objection might be urged against the present Coifc eil, for though it possessed more largely the popular ciernen?, and in theory represented tho people-pructl cally itdid not do »o. The same thing might be said of anv legis- lature in the world. No matter how perfect it might appear to be, as human institutions were all imperfect, ovcry ruccecding legis- lature would deny to that whioh preceded thtm the poner« and the rights which they claimed for themselves But ho rested on the right of the former Legislature to pass this c1 mse-the right of the present Legisloture to reconsider the question, and to remedy any wrongs which had been committed by it If the former Legis- lature had passed i law whioh inflicted wr >ng, that law was not to be perpetuated, but might be set right bj the present. Admitting these principles, thoy carno next to tho question of compact. Now these questions of rignt asserted by the Legislatura to make, law« which will involve compacts, were in respect to laws which were in foot / simply and only limitations of natural rights. There wa« no right either to an Individual or a legislature to commit an injustice or to do a wrong. A judge on the bench niUht, perhaps, legally commit an injustice or a wrong in the exercise of his discretion, even if it wero exercised mostconscienttously. His right to act was almost absolute, but In the caso of apparent wrong and Injustice, the moral right would re-ict. On the'same ground, he assorted the right of the House now to deal with a question which hid been competently and legally dealt with before, but on which ho in his conscience believed great wrong h id been done to the colony ; and believing this, the present legislature had no right to mako the wrong perpetual. To deny this right, to resist on injustioe, to right n wrong though committed in all legal form, was opposed to natural justice, and to the great principles of British law. If wrong had been done they hnd not only a right to re-consider It, but they were bouad to do BO. He did not mean to say that wrong had been done, in the amount of the pensions which had been given, nor would he pledge himself oither to reduce tho amount of these pensiuns, or to increise thtm, though of courso it was not it nil likely they Would be increased. Alt ho asked the House to do wu to re- consider tho question, and ascertain whether wrong hud been in- flicted. If they denied this concession to natural justice at the only tribunal at which it cou d be made, they might rely that the refusal to do so would bo brought ogiinst them at another tri- bunal to which thoy would have to appeal-it would be brought against them at tho hustings, and those who had opposed this claim for justice would have to rctraot their opinion«, or retire. He again repeated that all he asked the House was, to consider whether this matter should be re-considered or not Whether a tribunal should be appealed to, which a despatch from a Secretary of State declared wis the propel tribunal to determine this matter. He was not one who c ired much in general for despatches of Secretaries of State, but hon. members on the other «ide generally appeared to do BO, and ho trusted they would bo guided by the despatch he referred to He had com- pared the Council to a tribunal of justice, and he hoped it would maintain its character w such, and he cnu'd only say that indi- vidually in the part he should take he would look upon it only in this light, and faithfully and conscientiously do his duty both to the parties interested and tho country {Hear.) Mr. HOLT regarded this question as one of the most important that could be brought before the House, and upon tho determina- tion they might como to would depend whether there was any authority to bo placed in the Act at al). With regard to the ques- tion of competency or incompetency to deal with the question, ho did not think there could bo u doubt, but if they had a right on the ground of incompetenoy to repudiate the pension clause, they had,equally a right to repudiate the clause providing a Civil List, or any other clause of the Act. Now the Legislature which passed this Act was a Legislature composed to the extent of two-thirds of representatives of the people. But it was the Legislature of the day-it made laws by which the peop o were bound, it dealt with the revenues of the country as it thought fit Let them look back on what had been the Legislation of the country. In the fi'st in- stance the i nly Legislature which existed was in the proclamations of the Governor of the colony Then carno a close Council, com- posed of nominees of the Crown, and then a Council composed of one-third of nominees, and two-thirds of representatives But the legislation of the colony in all these phaseB was perfectly binding, and had never b-cn disputed-it was the legal and constitutional legislation of the day. No doubt it was the constitutional law of Great Britain that every man should bo tried by his peers, but it Was not to be forgotten that the right hod been ?et asido by courts martial, and by the appointment of assessors insteid of jurors But what was all this agitation about ! A paltry «um of £5000 or £0000 a-ycar,-a large ?um, ha would own, to bo thrown away lightly, but whioh, in comparison with the credit of the country, could only be regarded a« dust in tho balance. The hon member for tbe Northumberland Boroughs (Mr. Weekes) had mado a very learned speech, in which he had proved that the course adopted in the Constitutional Act hero was not consistent with the practico nt home. After hearing his speech, he (Mr. Holt) was perfectly willing to argue with bim, and he would say, in fact, that bad he been in ihr Legislature, he would never havo assented to this Pension Cluuse But he would not now consent to dibiurb existing arrangements. This clause was a part of the law, and these pensions constituted tho' first liability which, under the Constitution Act, they were bound to próvido for, and he would sooner cut off his right huid than repudiate this liability. It was a liability to which the colon> was pledged, and he defied any min to prove that ho had ever broken a pledge. [Thehon. member was proceeding to allude to certain insinuations made by Mr. Mm ray on a previous evening as to the representation of the 8tanley Boroughs, when that gentleman roso to order and denied the right of the hon. member to allude to pre- vious debutes ] After some altercation Mr. Holt resumed He Was ploised to hoar from the hon, member for Durham (Mr Goi aoni that bo did not intend to repudiate these pensions ; ho was glad to hear tho bon member for the Northumberland Boroughs (Mr. Weekes) say that bo hod no wish to break faith with the gen- tlemen to whota the pensions wera givon, and he was rejoiced that the bon. member for Northumberland (Mr. Piddington) was dis- posed to admit their claims, and to deal generously with them But, notwithstanding -nil these liberal avowals, to his great sur- prise the first thing that all these three members did was to begin to repudiate. ("No, no," and "Yes, jes") Hon. mem- bers had been at great pains to refer to speeches which had been mado in former debates by Mr. Martin, Mr Marsh, and other«, but to what purpose T Wero they not enlightened enough now to judge of this question for thomsoh es I Tho wholo question before them loy in a nutshell. (Hear, hear, from tho Opposition.) Were these gentlemen legally entitled to their pensions or not t If they ^wero not, if a bargain had not been made to próvido theso pen- sion« under the Constitution Act, be did not know what a bargain wns. [The hon. member here reid tho 50th clause of tho Consti- tution Act on which these pensions were surrendered 1 What was the meaning of this clause I Was tho land of this colony tho property of the Crown or nott (Cries of " No, no," from Mr. Robertson and Mr. Piddington.) If not, if it was the land of the people, then glad should he boto see a motion from the hon. gentleman who had brought forward these resolutions to rescind all the grant« of land which had been made by a Governmett which was irresponsible to the people This would bo an immense amount of wealth returned to the country on the shoulders of irrc ÎPÏÏ?. i8 SivcrB nnd responsible holders of land. (Hear, hear.) If Ottoland, was the people's, why from the first had it been ad- mitted that it wa« in the power of the Crown of itself to grant it, and for the grantee« to bold it If they were to commence A jystomof repudiation because the Crown had granted awo> what belonged to the people, let them at all events commence with high «tune, .(«car, bean) Let them follow the course of repudiators on the high «cale. The American« did not begin about small mat _^?£Ä^imo^Un*to^'gnd ** lW T° to follow KL.1?* nS?1 ^n *lth_ .onx'Uitag worth repudiating, (near, «ear,) [The hon. member here quoted from tho despatch of Lord John Russell, the effect of which'was thatMexpectedI th , ii&s; lature would keep faith with individual officers o ftoeOovernmrat ¡Siltotf.^V"._0mpacVwithÍUo,Cl0,íní *» conclustonfbe hïd tmlyto regret tho «peeohe» which had been mado that evening. __,"_he JSP"*"-; mo'° th,u ther Bnould have been mode while atraugen were in the House He Eihi£Ä5I!}:!le3,t0 rTrter\Sor_hB wa. convinced ttiat the 8Í!A-.Mtt£^aS1_17u0nld ,d0 »ore to deteriorate from the mond estimate in which the colony wa« held in the older world than any other possible circumstance. (Hear ) ,_5.**N0LD,Mmmen_^nH »Peech with expres«(on«of regret that any discussion should be incumbent on the House which might interfere with tbeprivate interests of individuals? rife wa. ÍÍSf^í to ray tnjt wfille the vote ho should give on this occT jion would represent tho opinion of hi« constituents, while that of Mr. Holt would not, when ho wa« called to order by the Sneaker 1 Hie question before them wa» whether this nutter of the pensión« wa; to be reemuidered or not. Whether in the abstract the ¡Wie« under which it wa» presumed these jensioii» were granted justified their contin-uioe. «was a mere minor motter _3 regarded amount, for, as far »» ho way concerned, if the amount« at present set down wero found to ^"«ïïr-fîÎ ".e-W_S<1 ^? »»fwei to increase them. A» to the rypuJtotk» that another hon. member had »poken of, he would . ehow-to. di-vrtac« bctw«en whit had been ¿one in America and iv' , «r - '? - 'I -? * i . i i I- i - what wa» proposed to be done here. In America their debentures were issue! and sold, and good consideration had been received for them; here..however, it was yerydiff¡rent, to'*^"*T «T«at doubts whether any cans deration had or h id nptAeen given. £>?hisown part, ir it could he shown to htmthW fair t nwUtn- I Son had been received for this. p»nslons, he did'not thhik that it i would enter into the head of any höh. mombcr, nnd most sur ly not into his, to deprive them of it. Thu repudiation, then, was nothing mare than o scarecrow, raised un to frighten the timid out of support ng their resolutions. Nodoubt the résolutions Involved thoqucstion of pensions generally, a. well a; thoieof the Schedule, and to show what hu» baen the* popular feeling on this point, heiwoaid read a passage from his address to htaconstltu nts, on which he had been elected, for hehad never canvassed °'Mkeu.fuL,ah;Ä vote (Iho hon. member rejid fronums address, in ¡which ho stated himself to be opposed to tho system of pensions, thauïli ho recognised t enecewlty of maintaining Inviolato the public honour where it was pledged, thougn it was o subject owning vvUhitt the nrovnve of the new P irllamont to enquire how far they had boen worthily earned or not ) On th's ground, seeing that tho public had already declared its opinion on tho point, ho could not believe that the time chosan for moving this resolution was not, u statrd by the Premier,, at oil premature And tis to bringi »g this m ittcr forward by bill to amend the; Constitution Act, is suggested by the hon. Premier, he would remind that non. member that that was not so easily done, s nee though they had passed an Act repealing the two-thirds clause, that Act had not yet been assented to, und thcro would bo no hope of earning such h bill by a maionty of two-third« of the present Hniue. The Pre- mier hod said that there had been a compact with her M ijooty th it this Civil List should bo granttd, but even if it weiesu,it ¡ wiiB a compact between tho late Council and tho mujont} under certain circumstances. Her M ítesty found herseif under engage- ments to certain officers, lind i« innu;uriting a new state of things in this country had bound the o ilony to relievo her from those en- gagements in that case, the only question to bo decided was, what were those cngigcmentst rho objector these resolutions was to determine this, bon. members who supported them, did not wish to evade any responsibility thit they had incurred through their predecessors, whilst at the same timo they did not wish to seethe pubHo money uselessly lavished , and required to have it shown to thom that the amount secured did not far exced the extent of these engagements It hal been said that Mr. Martin had voted for these pensions but at that time th it hon member had very narrowly esc iped being dragged Into the vortex oí o p irty which ho expected to enter as its head, but. luckily, ho had been blackballed by tho Club, ohd, Instead of tuking the head or that p irty, he lud becomo the hoad of tho opposition The reverse of the same thing had operated differently in another case-that of Mr. Wentworth. That gentltm m was eleeted, but he lost as much public position by that election as Mr Martin had gained of it by hiB being blackballed. On tie subject of pen-i ins again, ho thought that the division come to the other night in the o ise or Lady Mitchell was most cone URlve as to the temper of the House, for, if that lady was not5 entitled to a ncnslon there w is m one th it was so, for no public officer hail ever confe red services on the colony equal to those conferred b} Sir Thomas Mitchell, at so small and in idcqnatc a price That 0ÍH0T h id never recived i large «alar}, the same us those gentlemen on this list had d me not only had they received these saliile«, but they had bad pensions prospec tivelyani retrospectively, nnd unless a stand were made, lhere was nu knowing where this kind of thing would stop Will st ad- mitting that the main question thov had to decido was whether or not th it House had tho right to reconsider this schedule, at tho sam» timo ho th inght it a i arg íment in favour of rcconsido r ition that, as tho ponai nu wero it present fixed, no conside a tlen was given for the services of these officers, for if they were to receive the. a uno amount for doing nothing, as they did when working for tho Government, it would be equivalent to saying that their services wero worth nothing, Bince it was presuming that thoycould get nothing for themselves when out of office This was a point, howover, upon which he would not enter, because ho w is prepared to admit at once that each of the officers was entitled to every farthing of that which the rules of the service gave him, but none were entitled to more Tho , pnnoiple of pensions w is most unjust and inexpedient -Inexpe- dient as regarded tho public, onl unjust towards the officers ' themselves, since (t give them o hankering after pay that lowered them considerably fro n the high standa-d that they ought to t reach to As to its i expediency, ho need onlv say that the most violent struggles h id been nude In the English, and also In the Irish Parliaments, to get rid of this Incubus that prc93Ca upon the nation In our omi caso these pensions had no doubt been given to these officers, because it would have b cn difficult without it to acquire for the people the full moasuro of their rights But though these very officers claimed this conf¡deration for themselves they were not always prepared to extend It to others, as h id been instanced lu tho c me of the Attorney-General voting og ilnat the continuance of the Imraigiation Depot at Maitland When ho spoko of the compe- tence of the L gislaturo to deal with this question, bo did nut blink the argument that had been use I anil much relied upon, that in the old Council this so ledule had been assented to by a m ijorltv of the representative inombers. Tins however w s only a technical point, and concernid only tho strict legnllty of their powers, because, supposing tho schedule to have been carried without such n majority of representative members, tho Aot would have been equally as legal and binding as it now was with that majority. SD that, belüg binding without such a majority, it could be no more binding on the country by the fact th it it had passed by such o majority. Then again, it had boon urged that Mr Wentworth had assented to it, but that gentleman bud done so only os a matter of expedience -had thrown in this schedule as o bribe to gain the advantagi s that the people required He h id condescended to briber} rather than delay these adv intago to that time, when, os a people, they would have been able, and would hav e f lund means to enforce tneir rights B-sides, if political pensions wcic to be given at all, the nome of William Charles Wcntw orth would have been the v ry first th it would Uavo occurred to him is tho recipient fir such a pension Then, again, before any of these fiv o who now stood so prominently forwar I, he would have placed the n uno of Richard Windei cr, a patriot In heart and deed, one who died o pitiper, after h iving given up ta his adopted land his talents and lils time, without pay, s dary er pension To these two men, who had so well and truly fought the battle of freedom for the colony, in the time when it was Indeed a hard fight, woud ha have had som» return or acknowledgment made, before thinking of those who had been airead) well pull for what little tbey had doie In theso pensions also an mjustico was dono to the officers them- i selves, for one who h id long and well filled the office to the s itls faction of the country should not bo put on t ic same footing as the raw recruit, who had just joined the service Length and i vvlue of service ought to bo considered, so that If the late Auditor General received tho full a-nount of his salary, when he h id held the office only a fow months, surely the late A torney-Gcneral, who hud filled tho offico for miny years and to the pablio satis- faction, should h »ont least five times as much. This was a reason, and a strong one, why these salaries shou d be readjusted The amount should be made to depend upon the length and value of services, instead of which, as it seemed to him, it was made by this Schedule to depend upon the amount or the permanence of the dotage or idieness of the recipient, for instance, one who devoted his best services during the freshest part of his life to the service of the public, and whose term of existence could not be very long, received no more than the young man whose best time was in prospect, and who had given nothing to the country. It seemed to bira most monstrous, and ho was astonished that any should be found willing to advocate this as a propir system of pensioning Ii pensions were to bo paid at all, they should be sold} In constdei a tion of services, and ought to be regarded ns part of the salary There was a striking lnsUnco of wh it ho meant in the caso or a former Audltor-Gcner ii, Mr Lithgow, who, after having been in tho Government service for twenty years, recoivod o pension of £170 o-ycar, whll t the recent Auditoi-Geneial, Mr Merewether, who had been only a few months in tho Office, received £9uO a}ear pension Now i here was n rule - of - three sum that ho would ask hon members to work out If twenty} ears sei vice give £370 what will ono year give , and the answer by the Bohcdiilo arith- metic w as £000 Hewoald not detain the House by nllu-ling to all that had been dono to get rid of this system that originated in corrupt times, but by referring to history they would find tnat the greatest statesmen both in england and Ireland had spoken against it as one the most corrupt and degenerate He hod al-esdy given his rearons why he did not think the poople bound by tins compact Ho believed that there were other puties to It than I those mcntlunca in that Hause, and that the Queen had been no party to it atoll No doubt the pensioners themselves were one pitty to this compact, but it had been made not for theiradvan togo only, but foi that of another class, whom he took to be tho ! other parties to the c imp let, and who bad assented to this Schedule Looking at them and how they had been treated In the matter, he got ! another argument why theso pensions should bo reviewed, because thoy had not obtained all they expeeted, and consequent!} the coin- ' pact hud been broken with respect to thom, for though thoy ob- tained much, very much moro than they ought to have had, still the New Constitution cut off something that thoy hod been led to expect When the IIouso came to a division on thlB question, I the} would witness a vei y singular sight. Thcro would not bo the overwhelming majority against these resolutions that was antlci- I patcd , but ho could anticipate, if there were to be a majority, of . what that majority would be composed. It would bo composed of i somo who desire to perpetuate In this coun'rv, as far as practlo ii, the image of tho glorious Constitution or the father- land w th all Us blots, blemishes, and imperfections some who were so much in love with this glorious Constitution, that they deslro to restrain the saoiilgious hand of innovation from what they h ilf knew to be blots no himself I would like to seo here A cop} of the British Constitution, but with all ita blemishes left behind Then the, e would be some who were conscious of and who desired to remedy tho abuses, extrava- gancies, anomalies, and inconsistencies, attached to that constitu- tion, but who were still so sensitive, and so frightened of the ghost of repudiation that hal boen raised, that the) could not see the difference between c ises where consideration had been given and were it had not For theso two classes he felt a great respect, because he did not helievi it to ho quite hopeless to see them some day come to o right consideration of things, beoouse to some ex- tent their motives wero pi alsc worthy-then thoy would have those who wero cither directly or indirectly interested in tho question,-not thoso in the immcdinto receipt of pensions, hut others who were pensioners in prospector in retrospect,-who fancied they saw some opening for bick salary or fer forward salary -or who thought they saw some abuse that would thtow patronage into their hands, and did not wish it to bo disturbed,-for those who now attack the present system intend also to strike at oil abuses that may como under their notice. He did not kuow whether they would have another class, though he feared thoy would, he huped, howevei, that suoh a ono would not be formed in the House, and that on the division there would notbc found those whoso chief characteristics were taosc qualities or peculiarities that flourish and grow around and under tho fostering shade of what Charles Dickens calls the " Toady Tree " Ho hoped that none such had scats in that House, or that if thoy had, that the constituencies whom they misrepresented would remove thom from their places. Thoy had now long enough endured a state of things that the m îjority of the country desired to see put a stop to,-the) had seen places and power, and emoluments, ond offices, conferred upon thoso who were uot at all fitted for them, and the) wero now asked to go still farther-and in saying this ho did not allude in particular to thoso officers men- tioned in tho schedule, for It wa« a remark for all time,-and to sanction not only on extravagant amount for services given, but aUo the same amount for doing nothing. As ho understood there was some objection to the form of the resolution, and the hon inembet for tho Northumberland Boroughs had particularly in- sisted upon the competence of the lute Legislature to determino this matter, ho suggested that as the mover or the resolutions in- tended to omit that part of them which called this competence into question, it would perhaps bo better to withdraw tho amend- ment Ile need hardl) sa), ofier his remarks, that he intended to support tbe resolutions Mr. BAUKKlt said the hen member who introduced the resolu- tions stated that it was not his intention that the House should repudiate any act ot the former Legislature, or any just claim on the Government Now the hon member having also stated that it was not competent to the former Council to grant the pensions under consideration, what was the conclusion to bo drawn from the course pursued by the hon. member ! Why, that the hon. member thought those in receipt of the allowances were in o cri- tical position, and that he intended by this mo ion to confirm the Çensions. He would briefly review the history of this matter, he Imperial Government employed the officers in question some years ago to perform certain duties in the colony, lor this pur- pose they carnie to the country, where they served the Government and tbe public for periods of twenty years and upwards, during which no fault was to bo found with their conductor their ser- vices The colonist» eventu .Hy supposed that n ebange of consti- tution would prove beneficial, and finding that to avail themselves of thta advantageAt would be necetsary to chango the officer« ad SírltP'ín5itue 90Ternment> resolved to remove those holding the chl»f offlees or the Government. This resolution was carried «2? eff<?'.2Ï Î5 «rangement under which all pnrties were eatis .£%.*** «SUWi °f, whioh mu I*1* granting of these pen &M-; _..Not»'Jnstanding what waa said to the contrary, *?__ Jif.fc.i*_"fT0? t«hat the amount fixed ThíSS2í¿í?A!eBfttÍllIfe fte representatives of the people. MT«wííL&i.;'W ^ «"S"* w» »rrnuged consisted of Messrs. wentworth, Jante»v*r*carUiur, Cowper, Martin, and Dr. '\' - , , _ ,---------j-n j j baugt«««. Thó colony hid, for. year»jfomplainB_.,o£ »varie» of grievances ; «»a to gat rid óTthesT grievance«!* was delermfied tonccept of the New Cmstitutlof. -The colonist« agreed to glyea Civil List to her M ilesty on condition of their haying the privilege of makin« their own laws, and of having the entire control of_ the ¡ wli<to lands'of the colony. Th»so conditions were accepted on both sides, and wero noted on ; ' and he would ask, waMwt Houso now to turn round and say to those gentlemen to whom1 allowances wero granted umlor.thisairrangemcnt-we intend to pay you no longer ; wo intend to ehent you out of,that compensation-to which you are try bv adootlng the course proposed ! He trusted the division whkh would t ike place would show that ln.New Soutn Wjüe» no repudlitloif ni that propos-d should take place.-¡, It wa» said thit the pensions were too high, buM it should be borne in mind that tho gintlemm who received wero able mid willing to continue In the d'soharge of those duties of walch thev were relieved; and the country having dismissed them toimitlt* own convenience, tho public wero bound to be liberal towards thom. Much li dbecn «aid in the course of the debate about the nominee clement in the old Granel.; but he only wished that th it House owipled as respectable a position in the eyes of the country, ai d exhibited as mach capacity for doing good as did the formar Legislature i.f the colony. (Oh, oh, from the Opposition.) For htrasoir. he trembled fir the Constttu «on, when ho «aw such proceedings adopted a» tint which wa« then occupying the time and attention of the House; and bp felt that every well-wisher of tho colony had causo to tremble Tor its charaot r, I' such c induct «s this wa« persevered in. < . Mr. M*C\iirHURsaldhewi«one of those who would prefer tru-tlng to tho old- fashioned British Constitution, with allánese defects nttrliutcd to it bvthe bon. member who addressed tho Hause last but one, rothef than confldo in the immaculite notion» of right entoittiincd hy that hon. member. They had only to look bicktothosegre.it historical periods when the greiteat amount or misery WAS inflicto! on mankind, to perceuo that this ideal ptirttv set up against the Constitutional principle« derived ,from by-giine a-res, and sanctioned by tho authority'or tho brightest names which had ornamented toe world, had always boen the source of tho greatest mlsohler and the most serious evil».' Ho did not intend to follow that line of argument which _ might well hi e illed sophistical, which had been broaohed thit night on tho other side of the House. One observation, however he would allude to. Tho hon. member for Murray1 had stated that if'a wrong had been done, th it Houso had n right to redress suoh wrong; but tho hon- member did not venture to »ay that in the nutter under consideration n wrong hid been done. A groat deal i had Iron said about the original ompaot under which the case at present stood; but ho (Mr. Macarthur) presumed that this had hnd nothing to do with tho matter before th« nonse. Thev wero , not cillcd upon now to discuss tho terms of Mr. Wentworths eelci brated remonstrance, and other mittcrs which occurred at that period ; the more letter of the law was all they now had to dls ouss. All that*had taken plaoe before the passing pf tho Constitu- tion Act was beside the question at tho present diy. A» to the argument that tho former Council was not competent to deal with the pensions, this argument could easily be answered by saying that this mattes, of the pensions was regarded as a minor part of tho Constitution Act. A< to the assertions in icference to ih" Civil List b.'ing granted in rccomnense for the support given to Mr. Wentworth, he would say that those who supp irted Mr. Wentworth'« eclebrnted remonstrance, never con- sidered themselves bound to matters Of detail, but only to great principles. It was quite possible that if thov had never proposed niv terms to tho British G ivornmcnt, they might possess all they niiw possessed; ho did not deny this; but (lid this alter the fnct th it tho Act had beenpasscd by tho Legislature of the colony (the competency of whioh body in the matter was denied only by the mover), and confirmed by the Imperial Parliament and by the Sovereign of the realm ; that It hadbecomonn enaotment of the most solemn nature, and one completely binding on tho country, unless a ca.o of wrong was made out-unie« it wa« »bown that co'Iusion or fnud had taken place, or anything which justified tho epithet used by the hon. member for Durham (Mr. Arnold) when be slid the " perpetrators of these abuses." He (Mr. Mncarthur) would like to know to w'iom the hon. member alluded When he used the expression. Was it to Mr. Wen'worth! Was it to Mr. Manning! i The bon.- member had dealt in metaphorical allusions which no one understood except the bon. member him- self, and ho doubted whether even the bon. member understood them; but such misty metiphors were wonhy of the ciuso which the hon. mc nber wns advocating. He confessed that, looking at the line of argument adopted by some lion, members on tho oppo- site side of the Hou«e, he was «imowhat disposed to Indulge in the apprehensions expressed bv tho hon. member for Gloucester (Mr. Darker) ; but ho felt satisfied that the division whioh was about to take place would teach hon. members opposite n lesson. It was ev.d<mt thut tho«e hon. gentlemen hnd taken up this question <n what they conceived to be popular grounds-that they wero in- fluenced by (brecon > conclusion-, and did not know the true na- ture of the case. He (Mr. Macarthur) denied that he feared to state the true facts of the case to any constituency in the country, n > h id already stated the ense not only to the cons'itnenoy of his own county, but to that of the county of Cumberland in a public meeting and the justice of tho ease wns in both instanocs at once recognized. Ho denied that the question WOB one of pensions at all. The term pension might by ml-take have been used in the Act; but it hnd been decided that the grant in question was an allowance on account or the nb ditton of the offices of those to whom the allow- ance was made. The grant was given on the grounds tl.at these ofneors held their offices under the Queen's commission, without reference to their having a majority of the votes of the Council, and t'jat when the New Constitution carno into force those offices would bo held on an entirely different tenure. Had the grant been originally treated as a Ec' sion, ho (Mr. Macarthur) would, in doiling with the matter, nve acted consistently with the argument adduced in the course of the debate, ns to miking a distinction between these officers who had served for a longer period and those who had served or a-shorter time; but the committee, in dealing with the ques- tion, looked to princinles nnd not to individuals. The precedent w dell the committec.had before them wns the abolition of the office of Master of Chincerv. If It was truo that the gentlemen in question held their offices under tho Queen's commission, without the necessity of having a majority in the Council, the impoiing on them of different con litions wa« deemed to be tanta- mount to an abolition of office. But it did not fo'low that because the chango was deemed tantamount to an abolition of office, therefore It was not competent to tho officers to hold office, because the Act declared quite tho contrary. This ap- peared to him to be a fair statement of the case. If toe II use wero prompted to throw discredit on the oompact made with the office-sin question, there would be in this colony no se- curity for public faith or for private property, and the character of the country itself would be gone. With reference to tho observa- tions made by the ho-, member for Durham relative to the Immi- gration Act and tbep .? man, in the course of which he complained that immigrants were n it forwarded to Miittand free on their arrival in Sydney, he sh mid be glad if the hon. gentleman would point out any regulation by which the Government or the country wcte pledged to that course ; so far as he nu aware ni suo'i regulation w,« in -existence. Tai« was a question of great principle wnich should override detail. If they wereto Bet asido these principles of justice there was an end to all equity or ju-tico in the Legislature of the colony. He did not want to fatigue tho House by quoting autho- rities to support wh >t he had said, but tbey could find them in Macgregor'« Progress of America, and if they referred to tha work they would lind ho had not gone beyond his authority. (Tho hnn. member rcferro 1 to the Vote« and Proceedings, and showed that Mr. Cowper and Mr. Martin had on a former occasion voted for the pensions.) Ho presume 1 thoy would vote the same way now. Ho would n it oc ,upy the House further nt this lite hour of the evening. He felt sure those feelings of justice which animated the minds of i very Briton would Induce non. members to op,io«e fie resolutions. Mr. COWPER would not havo addressed tho Houso but for tho personal allusions mado to him by the last speaker. He admitted that ho had ona former occasion voted for the pensions, but since that time circumstances had altered, and justified him in voting against them now.- The members or tho old Government hid with one exception failed to fulfil their part of the stipulation ; that one exception was Mr. Manning, who had. to his honour be it said, set a brilliant example by adhering to the spirit of tho Constitu- tion, and submitting himself to a constituency. The other gentle- men had shiiked unhandsomely their duty, and the House and the colony therefore had a right to reconsider their pensions. Tho hon. member concluded by urging that the gentlemen in office on the introduction of Responsible Govemmnit should have submitted themselves to constituencies, and endeavoured to be in a position to be put out const tutionally on political grounds, as was stipulated by the Constitution Act. Mr. HOLROYD would not have risen but for the remarks which had fallen from the preceding speaker. He was at a losi to know in what part of the Constitution Act tho stipulation referred to by thehon. member for Sjdney wns to be found, no was unable to find any clauso in tho Aot, or in the report of the select committee rendering it incumbent on the recipient» of theso pension« to offer themselves to any constituency. Ile. would, moreover, point out to th House, that these resolutions had reference to tho alter- ations of the Constitution Act, and to be carried must be supported " by a majority of two-thirds of the House. (Hear, hear.) A id even though a majority of two-thirds of this House vote in favour of these résolu ions, and they pass both houses, thoy would have to receive the assent of her tlajcsty ; and was it to be supposed that it would receive that assent ! He would point out that theso pen- sions wero supported by a largo majority of the representative members attho time the Constitution Act w_s passed, and amongst those who voted for them with him, ho found Mr. Martin and Mr. Cowper. On tho 7th December, 1855, he also found that the hon. member f r Cook and Westmoreland brought up a very excellent report, a report in which more tilcnt was displayo I than in almost any other State document ho had «ecn brought up to that House, and in that report the honorable members for Cook and Westmoreland not only recommended tho payment of theso pensions, but that pensions be granted to Ministers who might follow under responsible Government, and, following tho principle, proposed a salary of £3000, with a re- tiring pension of JE200J for the President of the Legislativo Council. In that report for tho most part he concurred, and thought it was to bo regretted that it had not been subjected to one or two amendments and adopted. With reference to the pen- sions now in question, he repeated that a binding compact had been mado; thev had got responsible Government on granting a certain Civil List to her Majesty, which Civil List, had it not been granted, they would hive been without responsible Government at the present time, no conridcrcd the Constitution Act binding on them in justice, so far as theso pensions wero concerned.-and ho should vote ngainst the resolution«. Mr. F. T. RUSDEN supported the motion, remarking that the question of the nonsions was put to most hon. member« on th* hustings, and itwas owing to the general disgust occasioned by the fact of these pensions having been fixed by a body which did not truly represent the public, that the present Assembly alone had the power to deal properly with these pensions was evident from tho 4th section or the Constitution Aet, and that they hnd the power to reconsider them was also evident from the tenour of Lord John Russell'» despatch accompanying the Constitution Act. At the »amo timo he wished it to be understood that oven ir these resolutions were passed bo would not probably bo prepared to vote I Mr. EGAN had not been a member or the old Council, but «li« he wa« not prepared to repudiate any act or engage mont of that body «olemnly entered into. (Hear. SSrti«-.11! wa.l by/ tb0 c°mpaet entered 4 into on tho occasion of the passing or the new ConttituUon, that thev now he d the r seats in that House, and ho at all event« would not be one to violate that compact, or break tho publio faith which ho Ä .ChdnWrUUld b0 t!í? clCict ?. 't0 PrC8cnt rc^lntloi», if »¡seSted to by the House. Ho should therefore vote against the original resolution and the amendment also. ?_«->??. "MJunginai .JU." ?tí¿"rouJ?acl a,Way" be°n of opinion that the pensions for -M5.« hcsf "^f8 werf *? ° larKe' but that w" noube light in which they should regard the matter now. Ho agreed with the last speaker, that a compact had been entered intS, md that it Sn.9ihroïfb.t.hi"0,omAaottheyn°w enjoyed those right« and pr" A*8 wlch tUKCy had bccn »trag«--* w obtain for rt ¿any yäw KÏ.I, J^T *hokPe,ne,i<"'» were fixed the question wasflat whei ta£ £i?Jwf,db£ lef.t0,th5 determination of a tntvinUgM¡. W¿T flh,(_Ueïtht3'8houldboBrant<!<ltnen. and seeing thatthey _S*" flxod»he »hould regardony interference withthemnow such as was proposed as the . most dishonest and Xhonourablo »ct ever committed by the Legislature. (Heal. hear ? PTï«i!_ argumenter the honorable member to Sya^Kt^C-wSri"who forTeM.ÄTC? Tl««°"\wa.jBty oppÄ h?m° «J__ .Ira, to\tl,_t the ponsionsbad been properly and lenUv &_2V-Í_um*h he.««tended that the recipient- hi_T^tttte_ fB ïJbLht°i.oînn£r in î">ich they had retired from oacV^TFyhafT íhJABf Í°.,k!1w' woula the people of Englandliw when Íh»V^.rdthat.thS *_*M-tare of this colony, afte? having«* revenÄÄ ?"' ,thB 'f*8 W» B?d thí'coatrol of __ thî SÎÏSSrt.- Í5F llLtne colon». had suddenly turned ron: whín^nÍ?.p,$G b»"*hieVhi« B»»t bwn had^KwnTt 'anyi-mDaa-Mteî-ïïÎSÎ^ tUe °*>_?5r'_Pd thal ooñ^uently ?oy compact entered into, or any aft performed by it, wai a. Wnafaga»ifvi>.had-arlgin«ted Inthe present body.- -Ifcmnjt*« b ime ia mind, moreover, that whatever were the rensins whielun 'daoed tbdmembcrsof the old Government to retiro from office, they swero soil serving the omony, and were, as a matter of jastice, en-, .titled to.their.ponslons.. H Had been stated,that the passing1 or ¡these resolutions would, not offset the existence of the pensions, ibutif such was the care, hewould ask, for what purpnso Was it /Intended to iiass'them ! 'At this lato hour, ho would not detain (the House further than to «tate that, for the reasons already inti ¡tmited, he should vntaagainst the resolutions in their entirety, and a so «ia amendment. . .j <-<.... ,. . .. - Mr. MORBAT thiiUght the gentlemen who had addressed the 'a ívernment on the mlnhterlu side had fallen Into s great mis- take when they assumed that in seeking to pass thess resolutions ho»., members on this side desired to brook faith with tho re- cipients of those pensions. No such thing waa intended: but, nt the some time, ho for one did not agree with tho resolutions. It appeared to bim, however, that this was a very fitting occarion for expressing the deep dissatisfaction which was felt in oil ports of th» colony at the uoèonstitution il m inner in «.niall heie clpleats of the pensions had acted In carrying on the Government pf the country. Still, he would no-bo one to deprive them of their pensions, as hethoughtthefewthousandpoundsat-tokewere oftoo paltry amount to warrant them in giving toa slightest esme to suspect the hon mr and good faith of the country, althuug i he emitted that such a deprivation Would, only be « just punish- ment for the 'extraordinary conduct by the gentlemen who were enjoying these pensions. It had been asserted at home-and the facts as they had occurred since indeed wonld seem almost to justify the assertion-that the pensi ma had been given-isa kind of briba to secure the assent of the Government of tho day to the passing of the new Constitution Bill, ne could not agree wi'h the resolutions proposed in the amendment (the hon. mcmberrc-id the amendment). Now if the word " improper" meant hastily; he might agree with it, bu*. if, as he bo icved, it meant o want of legal power in this body to grant these pensions, he could not agree to it. The hon. member concluded by oskinpjjthe House io let the resolutions stand on their merits, but let not tho foithofthe country be imperilled by a vote of this Hiuse. (Hear, hear ) ' Mr.' ¡IONES said he deemed it necessary to offer a few observa- tions on the course ho was about to take. He was determined to vote in favour of the first resolution, and against the second re- solution and all the amendments. He was anxious to explain that his opposition to the second resolution was from no ay npothy with tho pensioners. (Hear, hear.) lie believed the amount of pensions was ton great nnd excessive, and was nn unnecessary nnd wasteful expenditure of the public money. Th it was bis opinion at tho time the pensions wero granted, and ho dirt nil he could as a c1 ti'.en, and in his professional capacity, to oppose tho pensions, and itfwas not until ii received the confirmation of the borne au- thorities he ccasod opposing them. As soon as it did receive the confirmation of the home authorities the question presented itself . In a different light. Ho thought tho question was whether the | compact should be observed or broken. Now, strongly ¡ as ho, disapproved the granting ' of pensions, he ' opposed all political penmen. ne conceived I that these pensions, even if they amounted to £120,000, should remain intact"rather than the faith of tho colony should bo called I in question. (Cheers.) That was his opinion, and on that ground he intended to vote against the second resolution. ' | 'Mr. MARTIN said. If the question now nndcr consideration was as to supporting these resolutions, perhaps he might be found voting on tho same side as the bon. member who spoke last. Bott certaWoplnions bad been started this evening which he did rot deem Ifebis duty t» agree with.. He therefore took this oppor- tunity of stating that he did not agree with the resolutions as thoy now stood, and which were to tho effect that they ought nat to provide any political pensions. He thought they ought to adopt the same principle as was adapted in the mother country, and provide political pensions for Ministers. Ho would not vote for the first resolution, nor did be see how he could for the second. The right which they hod to the present Constitution was not through any compon with Sir John Pukingto 1, but from a far greater right, from the inherent principles of the British ' Constitution. He did not think the privileges thoy enjojed were in conscqucnco of any compact that bad been made, but he believed it was through the inherent right thoy possessed by being British subjects. (Cheers.) He was surprised that they Bhould put such o compiot as this on such o narrow foundation It was no matter whether they gove Mr. 'thomson £¿000 or so many shillings ¡ these privileges which they now enjoyed wore in csn scquenoe of being British subjects, and tuey would have got thia Constitution whether they had given him this sum or nothing. He believed that the pension that had been granted to the late Colonial Secretary (Mr. Thomson) was too large, and if thercso-i luttons/ had been worded in a different form, be might have agreed with them. It had been said by several members that it was impossible for him who had expressed certain opinions on tue second reading of the Constitution Bill to vote in favour of these resolutions. It was saidby Mr. Thomson that theso pensions wera not too largo, be- cause It would bn cheap for them at that price to get rid of the old Gov ernment. Now, tney found that this pledge had been broken, I and tbnt three of those gentlemen wcie members of the present Gaverhracnt, and that they were supported by the hon. member I for South Riding (Mr. Donaldson) who was formerly the most de- termined opponent uf Mr. Thomson's Administration. When bo found this compact was broken, itatmostmadehimlecl It hlsdnty to recede from the opinions he had previously expressed. But he was not going to recede from any expressions he had uttered during tha progress of the Constitution Bill. He was not going to vnto for the resolutions bec luse he thought they ought not to interfere with the public faith or credit. The hon. member at great length stated that he considered the compaet had been broken by Mr. Thomson and the Attorncv -General, because when tbey had their Ï.onsions granted to them it was understood that they w-mld retire rom office. Ho condemned the conuuet of Mr. Donaldson, who after having strongly opposed tho Government of which Mr. Thomson was the head, for having jo ned with a clique to whom the pensions were granted, merely for the purpose of getting rid or them for ever, and concluded by stating it was his intention not to vole cither one way or the other on this question, because, although he did not wish to see the publio faith or crerit of tho colony interfered with, still he conceived that some of the late ] Ministers hod broken the compact on which their pensions were | grouted. I Mr. PARKER rose in explanation, and reminded the hon. gen Utmanwhohud just sat down that he was not a member of the j Government when Mr. Thomson was Colonial Secretary, and that consequently bo received no salary. Mr. MACARTHUR also rose m explanation, ho was not aware of any such comp ict as that alluded to by the hon. member for I Cook'and Westmoreland. Mr. DONALDSON said the speech of the hon. member for Cook ' and Westmoreland reminded htm of the words of n fut friend in the days when ho read Shakespeare-" Verily thou hast a most damnable iteration," for if he (Mr. Martin) had said once, bo s iid twenty times, that he (Mr. Donaldson) had formerly opposed Mr. E. Deas Thomson, and now coalesced with Min, and also that Mr. Thomson had forfeited his pledge. Ho had of late refrained from addressing the House, for many reasons, one of which was, that he did not consider it necessary that all the members of tbe Go- vernment should-speak on every subject, bu' bes des this the amount oT'eloquenco in the House rendered such a course entirely unnecessary. (Laughter.) There were, hnwcvcr, several matters that had been alluded to. and which called for some notice ; not, however, that he thought anything the bon. and learned gentle- man opposite had sold would bo likely to affect his opinion, or the opinion of anybody else in reference to ins (Mr. D.'e) conduct. The hon. and leorned gen- tleman had taken about nn honr to tell the House why so dis- graceful an net as repudiation should be avoided, and yet ho lind finished his speech by expressing his intention, although ho would not do it now, of waiting for another opportunity to perform on act of repudiation. (Hear, hear.) He would caution that hon. and learned gentleman -asho supposed he looked forward to a .areer of public usefuln"-«-to beware how he played vti.h edge i tools. He considered the argument in reference to the inherent right of the people to be absolute nonsense. Ho would not I repeat 'he admirable arguments of the hon. member for Durham I (Mr. Jones), but he endorsed them all, and would not bavo wished to have mode a better speech. Ho ex- pressed his sorrow "that the non. member at the end of his address should have forgotten the words ho used at its commencement. The hon. g nttcman then proceeded to place the two "leaders" of the Opposition in juxta-position, re-1 marking that Mr. Cowper complained because the gentlemen in re- ceipt or pensions would not go into harness, and bo worn until their withers were sore, and Mr. Martin abominated these same gentlemen because they had broken their compact, and would not getoutofthewayeothatothermenmlghtcarryonthcGovernraent. The hon. and learned member had dealt with facts in an untruth- ful manner, because last year, when the motion was brought for- ¡ ward in roferenco to the New Constitution arrangements, he (Mi. Donaldson) stated that the Now Constitution ought to be launched by experienced men, who hod carried on the Government in by- gone days, "Where then was the inconsistency of hie conduct I Tho good of bis country was of far more importance to him than the sneers of tho hon. member. (Cheers.) He had voted against Mr. Thomson receiving back-salary, because he thought the principle to be bad, and the mode in « hich the motion had been brought forward also wioug. His opposition to Mr. Thom-¡ son had not been of a personal character, but because that gentle- i man adhered to a regime fast dying out-because he was the re- presentative of a system of government he (Mr. Donaldson) hated. The reason why he and Mr. Thomson worked together,now was because he (Mr. D ) believed that coalition was for the good of the country. No principio had been ever given up by any bingle member of the Ministry, nor had any concession been mode euch as would disgrace any public man in tho world. Ho was sorry to hear the account- Mr. Cowper had given of himself. In committee he voted for the pensions, and in the House ho voted against them. Oh I po- litical infidelity I What could be worso than that t (Hear, hear.) What could hare Induced the hon. member to pursuo such a tortuous coulee! He might hove thought that in tho whirligig of nme it would bo convenient to soy, .. I did not alto- gether support these pensions." That occasion appeared to have been afforded, and the bon. member could now support the mo- tion of Mr. Gordon, But there was nothing in such conduct that could earn him the respect of people out of doors. He considered the observations which-hod been made in reference to the "clique" beneath contempt; but he believed the hon. gentleman opposite once joined in a protocol containing an assertion that no Government could expect a larger majority that one or two In so small a house, out now a Government with larguMMHtles was denominated a clique. The hon. mem- ber said finMBd put a supposition forward in illustration. Suppose, insWssrof promised pensions, you glvo them £10,000 that finance are not flourishing, and debentures aro issued to the extent of £50,COQ or Ä60,0pi, hon. gentlemen who could bring their consciences to voto against pensions given by properly con- stituted authority, might just as well pay ready monev In tho first lnotance and repudiate the debentures afterwards. '(Chcc-s, nnd cries ot "No", no.") Hon. gentlemen did not like anything approaching to dishonesty but they must remember how thoy aro judged by men abroad. They wero observed with a microscopio eye. Commercial credit was a delicate thing, but the credit of the country was a matter of increased delicacy. If we once forfeited our credit by repudiation wo should be kicked off every bourse and exchange. Ho was sorry the present debate had taken place, because he did not think it would bo favourable to the House or the country. Mr. MABTIN wished to explain there was no difference of opinion between himself and Mr. Cowper in reference to the assumption of office of the late Council. Mr. It. CAMPBELL wished to make a few observations to th» House on this subject, though he had not been present during the whole of the debate. Ho was not a man who wished to repu- díate any aot into which the Legislature hod entered in respect to private individuals ; but as one of the members for the city of Sydney, he would say, that one of the principles on which he had been elected, was, that this matter of the pensions should be sub- mitted to reconsideration. One of the objections at home to this Constitution Bill was the enormous pensions attached to it : and. adding to this, that the right«* altering this Act had been reVcned Î2 th« Parliament or thlscolony by tho British Parliament, ho thought they had a full right to enter into the full reconsideration of these pensions. The hon. member then referred to observa- tions wnich bad been mode by the last speaker, Mr. Donaldson, in reference to himself, and stated that he had done nothing either Inofflce or otitor it, which his conscience reproached him with. Mr. T. G. RUSDEN said that if change ofopinion were to bring down words of condemnation, he could adduce many instances of hon. members opposite changing their minds. It appeared to him that by reading the resolutions there was no breach of faith, no repudiation contained in them. However, he thought there was no noedof the first resolntíon, and the second required some amendment ; and if this were made, ho and many others could Z^H^S^LH'^JSr,^aS- .." "S1* had been any breach of filth, It had been with the squatters, since tho contract with them had never been properly carried out. He thought they were only bound to vote for such an amount of salary as the persons now claiming pensions received when they first too« officeT Mr. GORDON, In reply, defended himself from the chart» of repudiation, eontendlng that he had opeciaUy declared that hehad SïïL B0 ",uch totent,°» »hen he opened the ad. dress. He retorted upon Mr. Parîer the chariê ?K-?ïkioïbtt\iJ15mS «.**"" onthi» ".nestion, conslderingthat that hon. member had hi no way answered the arguments addnenl Inhlsepentagaddres«. Hpnow wUhedth«re«otaK,totaiut i'rtattm. and th« second resolution he wished toTarnend .? foBowslî-IJsst ti« pension. «Kims* on mtiM^S^i »schedule B of the Constitution Act was improperly sanctioned by theiato Legislative Council, and ought to be reconsidered.- - Mr. WEEKES having withdrawn his amendment. i Mr. nAY objected to the resolutions being pot Murtntlm. The SPE iKER the* put the question, " That theso resolutions be put striatun," on which the House divided, with tho following result-r- , , j i i , ,r » ÍÍÍAI 'ty ' <J Í AjpsJS. Mr. R-Campbell Cowper , Hargrave ?Weekes J. Campbell Richardson Arnold ? Marks F. Rusden Wilshire T. Rusden , Oakes galley loties Forster -1 Piddington Martin ' Gordon " , Noes M. , " Kr.'Heiy ' ' i Parker i i'Dmoldson i Jft-in Bowman t- Macarthur . * Barker Holt - Suttor Hay ' Snndenua ' Oxley i / Holroyd < <. Ay)*11« tillers. I The qii»stlon waa then put on the first resolution, which was carried without a division. The question was then put on the second resolution,'and the House divided with the following result. Ayes, 12. Noes, l8, i Mr. Parker Donaldson Egan l *? Hargraves Bowman Sandeman Oxley Holroyd , Jones . Marks0 " Macarthur ' iu »Barker ' . .VHolt i v .Suttor ' Hay My . Lang ' Buckley . For the resolution, 12; against It, l8 ;-Xojority against tho resolution, fl. Tho House adjourned at twenty minutos to twelve to three o'clock on Tuesday next. Mr. Gordon R. Campbell ' Weekes J. Campbell Arnold F. Rusden r ' T. Rusden Wilshire D tiley Oakes Piddington J T " Forster jlcutT' « II I Tcllors. 