SMALL POX. FIRST ARTICLE. .. Salut populi suprema eil lex." -CICEBO, De terms. THE appearance of small pox so very recently in our sister colony, Victoria, prompts me to make a few remarks on its history, progress, and mortality, in hopes that the people of this colony will be induced to avail themselves of the prophylactic power of vaccination, and thereby oppose a most powerful barrier to the spread of this hideous disorder, which a first-rate medical authority describes, as " a disease of a most contagious nature, and rapidly propagated, where it once obtains a feeling, from one to another." That vaccination, generally speaking, is a preventive of small-pox, there can be no doubt ; it is universally acknowledged as one of the greatest benefits that could have been conferred on mankind, by any single individual, and parents who have hitherto neglected to avail themselves of such advantages for their children, should lose no time in having recourse to that expedient which is proved to be the only certain means of insur- ing their lives against the dangers of, and their personal appearance from the frightful scars and deformities occasioned by this loathsome disease. I may, however, in a future article take up the subject of vaccination at present I will confine my remarks to the history and progress of small-pox. It is a question which in all probability will never be solved, in what age or in what country the small-pox originated ; but no matter what curiosity may be attached to the knowledge of such a circumstance, it is certainly not a matter of much importance to mankind, and we must content ourselves with the generally received opinion that the disease first made its appearance in the course of the sixth century. The Arabians were the first to whom we are indebted for an account of the small-pox, more particularly to share, one of their first and best writers, and who flourished in the early part of the tenth century. From the writings of Rhazes we learn that the small-pox was not then a new disorder, and he quotes from Ahron, the first author who professedly wrote on small-pox, and who lived in Alexandria during the time it was besieged. It is much to be regretted that the writings of Ahron are lost, as they would, in all probability have thrown additional light on the history of this disease. There seems to be very little doubt but that the disorder called plague, was confounded by the earliest authors with the small-pox, for every disease which proved fatal was called the plague, pests, Tues, Ac. and there is every reason to suppose that the scourge which prevail d at Athens, and which has been described by Thucydides, was not the real plague. Even disorders of the skin were confounded with each other, and to the the time of Beaverbrook, the measles and small-pox were merely considered to be varieties of the same disease. Procopius give the history of a malady previously unknown, but supposed to be small-pox, which broke out at Pelusium, in Egypt, A D. 544. Its origin was obscure or doubtful, its cure difficult, its devasta- tion universal, and above all, there was an immunity from a second attack, which circumstances combined would indicate the probability that the epidemic was small-pox, rather than plague and at this time, too, we have recorded the devastations of a disease upon female beauty, which is rather unequivocal evidence of the existence of this disease. Its diffusion or spread through the East and West is set down as attributable to the successes of the Saracen armies, when led forth to conquest by Mahomet, at the era of the Hegyra, A.D. 622. It is contended by some authors that small pox first appeared among the Greeks and Romans, and quotations in support of this opinion are given, not only from medical writers, but even from Aristophanes, Horace, 'Quintilian, &o.; ; but I believe to Arabia is conceded the honour of being the birth-place of this scourge, and from an old Arabic manuscript preserved in the public library at Leyden, it appears that the small-pox and measles first occurred within a month or two of the birth of Mahomet. According to Mr. Bruce, the small-pox first appeared among the Abyssinians, when they besieged Mecca, in the year 569, with the view of destroying Cuba, or the Holy Temple, and of introducing the Christian religion and that the Abyssinian army, commanded by Abraham, were the first victims of the disease. How long the small-pox continued among the Arabians cannot be satisfactorily determined, for they were a barbarous and ignorant people, having but little intercourse with the nations around them, and consequently not much opportunity of communicating the disease to others. However, they gradually emerged from a state of barbarity, began to cultivate science, encourage literature, extend their conquests, and collecting writings from the Greeks and other nations, had them translated into their own language. Certain it is, that the Arabians carried on a small trade with India; but whether they carried the small-pox there, or received the contagion from that country, is not dear. The learned Dr. Friend inclines to the latter belief, and a Mr. Holwell, a long resident in India, published a judicious account of the manner of accounting for the small-pox in that country, taking particular notice of Dr. Friend's observations, and con- firming the truth of them, which later times and discoveries also fully verify. Mr. Holwell says, "At the period in which the Aughtorrah Bhude, scriptures of the Gentoos, were published, according to the Brahmins, three thousand three hundred and sixty-six years ago, this disease must then have been of some standing as these scriptures institute a form of divine worship, withpoqjalu, or offerings to a female divinity, styled by the common people, Gootee ka Tugoran, the Goddess of Spots, whose aid and patronage are invoked during the continuance of the small-pox season ; also, in measles, and any other skin disease at all ent denies." Dr. Woodville, in his history of the small-pox, doubts the origin and antiquity of the disease in India, and insists that if it have existed for so long a period in the East, it must have been propagated, especially to the Greeks and Romans, by the frequent intercourse between these countries, and hence concludes that it must have been introduced by the Arabians. In Colonel Wilks's account of Southern India, we find that the first appearance of small-pox in China is set down at 1122 years anterior to the Christian era, before which period, at all events, it was unknown and this coincides with the statements of the Jesuit missionaries, who describe the appearance of small-pox in the dynasty of Tcheou, about 1122 years before Christ and it was called by the very odd name of Tan. You, or venom from the mother's breast. The eruptive disease mentioned by 'Quintus Curtius, which carried off such vast numbers of Alexander's army, at the mouths of the Indus, has been no doubt an ill-described small-pox, and prevented from reaching Persia by the intervening deserts which separate that country from India, and which has been assigned as a reason of the exemption of the former country from the infection for a very long period. Lieutenant Pottinger in his daring travels, has established the existence, in that march, of Alexander's army, of the ruins of cities and palaces, which now almost covered by the encroaching sands, must, in those days, have sustained a population, at least sufficient to receive and transmit a contagious disease, by its shores, or inland. From the year 569 to the year 610, the date of the conquest of Alexandria, or as it is in history called the war of the elephant, we find no mention made of the small-pox, but towards the end of the sixth and seventh centuries, we find it spread from Arabia into Egypt, Palestine, and Persia, and was most likely carried there by Mahomet and his followers. History maintains a silence about the precise time that small pox first appeared in Europe, but from the researches of some antiquarians we are led to believe it was about the year 900. and it is only reasonable to think that, as the Arabians pursued their conquests, so they introduced it into every country. A great part of Spain submitted to them in the seventh century, and in the twelfth, Aveuzour observes, the disease was so general that few, or none escaped at this period, too, the Christian confederacy against the Saracens took place, for the recovery of the Holy Land, and was a great means of spreading the disease, through the different nations engaged in these exploits. Some authorities say that the appearance of small-pox in Europe happened when the Saracens invaded Italy, France, Spain, and Sicily, in the eighth century, and that in the ninth it appeared in England ; but Dr. Mead, Baron Dimsdale, and others, assert that the disease did not appear until two centuries afterwards, on the return of the Christians from the Crusades. John of Gaddeston, an English physician, speaks of the disease being common in Britain about the end of the twelfth century ; but it is no less un- certain than remarkable that the exact period of the introduction of so dreadful a disorder should have escaped observation. There is no doubt that the Anglo - Saxons lived in great dread of the small-pox, and continually offered up very pious prayers, in the following terms : " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. May our Saviour keep us. Lord of Heaven, hear the prayer of thy men-servants, and of thy maidservants, O Lord Jesus Christ. I beseech thousands of Angels that they may save and defend me from the fire and power of the small-pox." This is recorded in the Haarleian manuscript, which was written before the year 900, so that it is evident from it the small-pox was not introduced to Europe by the Crusaders, in the Cottonian manuscript, which was also written before 900, the term variola is often employed, a name which to this day is used to denote small- pox. Whatever has been the doubt and uncertainty respecting the origin of this disease, all authors agree as to the dreadful mortality occasioned by the pestilence wherever and whenever it has appeared, and the great consternation its approach has occasioned to the inhabitants of the place or country. Columbus and his followers carried the disease to America in the sixteenth century, and the records of its devastation there are most painful to contemplate, and it is said that more than three millions and a half of people were destroyed in a few years in Mexico, after the infection had reached that kingdom. Baron Dunedale says " It is needless to ex- satiate on the havoc which the small-pox makes in most parts of the known world ; probably there is not a city, country, or smaller community which has not experienced its devastation in its town. The very idea of it is insup- portable ; but its real effects, in places apprised and unacquainted with its proper treatment, and remedies against it, are not less general and fatal than the plague itself." The prevalence and malignity of the small-pox has always made it a matter of much interest with authors, and with none more than the celebrated Sydenham, who " studied the disease with a closeness almost unparalleled." Boerhaave followed in his wake, and to him we are indebted for first putting forward the theory of contagion being the exciting cause of the disorder. Small-pox is not an unavoidable disease-it is not natural to the human constitution. Though called the natural small-pox, it is a foreign contagion, the progress of which may be arrested by some few simple precautions, and many valuables lives thereby saved to the community. Wherever it has appeared great numbers of man- kind have been swept off by it, and these not the aged and infirm, but the young and robust, whose loss come to be an object of the greatest consideration to the public. Whatever then can have the effect of rescuing numbers of the human family from the jaws of death, who would otherwise most probably and surely fall victims to this distemper, must certainly excite no common interest, but claim the attention of every community, who ought to employ, nay insist on every rational method being employed to prevent the spread of such an epidemic. It was a long time after small-pox was known, and studied by medical men, that any idea prevailed that its course could be arrested, or - its virulence assuaged by any artificial means, and for this we are indebted to Asiatic ingenuity, and its general adoption in Europe to the praiseworthy exertions of a female Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, who, while at Constantinople in 1721, had her child inoculated, or, as it was then termed, engrafted with the small-pox and on her return to her native country in some three months afterwards, had the operation performed on another of her children, so that this child was the first that was inoculated in England. But notwithstanding the example thus shown many strong prejudices existed against so novel a practice, it was looked upon with great distrust, and it was not until the close of the latter period of the last century, that its merits were at all appreciated. This change in the ideas of the people with regard to inoculation may be dated from 1766. or the adoption of the Suttonian practice, and the close of this century which witnessed the rise of inoculation, was also destined to see its fall. In 1798, the celebrated Jenner announced his valuable discovery by which the ravages of small-pox could be greatly mitigated, and in an incredibly short time after the promulgation of vaccination, the practice of in- oculation declined and has never since been revived. With respect to the mortality of small-pox, it was proved at the bar of the House of Commons, that in Great Britain and Ireland alone, it amounted to forty thousand persons annually; and, by undoubted records, it has been shown that in the course of one century no less than four millions five hundred thousand persons have, in the United Kingdom, perished by this fell scourge, and as great or a still greater number in other countries. In New Spain small-pox was unknown before the conquest. It was brought there by a negro from Puemfilo, of Narvaez, and occasioned such destruction that the greatest part of the Indians died among whom was the Emperor Cuitlahuatzin, who succeeded Montezuma, when it is said, over eight hundred thousand perished. In Mexico, according to the reports which were made by the order of Cortes, more than three millions and a half died and in the kingdom of Leon there were several wandering tribes, so warlike that the Spaniards could not resist them, but these were almost extirpated by the small-pox. For years afterwards, their heaps of bones, like so many trophies of the disease, were to be seen under the old tufted oaks in the fields. Dr. Lind, in his book on fevers and infections, page 295, gives a description of what happened to some I American Indians, where the disease was communicated by an old blanket given in a present to one of them, by which a whole tribe was nearly extinguished.' I have now given a short account of the history, progress, and mortality of small-pox, hut my remarks are principally relating to days of old. In another communication I will continue the subject to our present time, including the discovery and acknowledged benefits of vaccination. n W. BELL. Campbelltown, 11th September. 