L O C A L. THEATRE ROYAL.—Last night Mr McICean Buchanan made his first appearance before a Tasmanian audience, in thc character of rfanilot. From this gcntlcmans fame wo were prepared to witness something 'more than ordinary, nor were wo deceived. Tho late hour at which the performance closed precludes any lengthened notice of thi m in this issue. Thc conception of the Royal Dane by Mr Buchanan was a most masterly one; and throughout the whole play hi* delineation of thc character was such as few in this colony have ever witnessed before. To allude to particular passages, to point out particular beauties, would be a pleasing task did thc time permit of it, although in doing so, we should leave but few portions of tho play untouched. Those who have not seen Mr ltuchanan thould, on no account, neglect the opportunity. He appears this evening in the cbaiacter of Richelieu, Mr. Warner playing tbe part of Adrien. Nor can we fail to mention Mr. Warner's personification of the ghost, which was all that could he desired. We would earnestly recommend those \\\ lio admire histrionic ability, to wimcss tho performances of Mr Buchanan. Such an opportunity docs not often occur. . MRS. ANN CARELESS.—This female, who has been out on bail, at the instance of a Mrs Thompsjn, who charged her with robbing Mrs Barker of a watch and chain, was brought before Mr Burgess yesterday, nnd discharged, the chief witness, Mrs Barker, refusing to attend to prosecute. Mr. Lees, counsel for MTB Carelebs, assured his worship there was no ground fur the charge. There were two creditors, Mrs Barker and Mrs Careless, and the fight was as to who should have the watch and chain. FOUOEUY.—A person named Joseph Porteus Boucliior, was brought before the police bench yesterday on a warrant charging him on thc information of Saul Solomon, with uttering a forged chcque for £60, with intent lo defraud. On the application of Detective Bryon.the accused (a middle-aged man of respectable exterior) was remanded until Friday, when tho case will be gone into. GAS AT CHALMER'B FREE Cnuncir.—Tho admirable adaptation of gas to plnces of public worship, was exemplified on Sunday evening, at Ohalmer's Free Church, which was lighted for the first ti "e with gas, at an estimated cost of about half the price of oil. 1 he cffect was very goud when on the entrance of the minister, thc Rev. W. Nicol- BOII, into the pulpit, the gas, which up to that time bad been burning dimly, was turned on, producing someting like tho light of day. It is probable that most of the plnces of wo ship in town, will shoitlyhavo the advantage of being lighted by similar means. There arc 02 burners at Chalmers' Church, thc cost of filling being about £50. SATURDAY NIGHT SHOITINQ —One of the customers at Mr J J Overall's drapery establishlishmcnt, Livcipool-street, on Saturday night, was a xathcr smart young woman, who gave a remarkable deal of trouble in showing her sundry pairs of corsets, from which, however, after a minute inspection thc lady declined to make a purchase. Mr Ovcrelljudging from her manner that her object was not to buy, told her so, and keeping at tlie sametime a sharp look-out. She then bought a yard of ribbon, and contrived to secrete a pair of stays under her shawl, which Mr Overell made her produce, and then had her given into custody. Yesterday she was summarily tried at the Police Court befo e the Chief Police Magistrate and the Mayor of Hobart Town, by the name of Mary Crane, otherwise Currie, a prisoner of tho Crown, and sentenced to nine months' hard labour. STOKES THE BLIND MAN yesterday appeared at the Police Court on warrant, charging him with obtaining money on false pretences. It appears lhat the accused has been levying contributions from the charitable for the purpose of returning to England, whcrcaB he is not in a position to leave the colony. He was charged aB John Stokes, holding a ticket- ofleave; but he with much volubility arged that he was an emancipated man; he had beoniold IO ot the Comptroller's Office three UCJWHUAIV, XJFS 11 this proceeding against him was* mfli^J attempt at injury. Hr Reynolds, thb 'f? 1 ?. 8 t0 goner's cbLSi said he had been rewimmended („r . ditional pardpn 25th June, 1866. ConstS'' Dotsett sa d he w as only <i tickct-ouS^ present, Mr Burgess remanded thecJe unS this morning for enquiry. Wo are infoiS that t tykes, a person of considerable in^K gence, was sent here from Adelaide, and if be obtains his conditional pardon ho will „ 7 .be at liberty to go to England as he s S ™ 1,16 to contemplate..... , » , _ 8uNi)A*Titi'LiNa.-A man named Burl, in tlie service of Mr W Russell of Salup Bay.waB yesterday charged by bis n S with being drunk in his service and abS without leave. The accused deaieTtt charge, but it was proved by Mr lluS8(!u Jf' said he watched the man leave thc house go into the public house at Sandy Bay Tht Chief Police Magistrate sentenced him ta w two months hard labor, CAMPWDOB ROAD Distiller.—We ate K quested to coll attention ttj a meeting for ih, purpose or annciing tile Cambridge IlS District to that of Richmond, wliich wiiull held at the Plough Inn, Kangaroo Point ok Tuesday nfext, the 3Ut in6tant|ot twoo'cWl lit the dfltJrnpoili ™ GENERAL POST Ortrci, 2ist March ijsj List of letters posted This Day; itiaufflcientlT stamped -or not 6tampe4 at all—Mr Cherrr Macquaric-strcct, near Argyle-strcct. MrJ (Joathqm, cote of Mr Neal 40 tonet BerkUy-sbccet; Portmati Squarc> LonS'o" Neil Macriierson, 118, High.St., GIBBCTO' Mrs G. Norwood, Post Olfice, Dover Kem' England. George Fislier, Esq, Launceston G "r'1, o ° r <* " C ; OUands. Mr Cox, Dispensarr, Liverpool. Birect. Mr McCaUaugh, Union .Hotel Richmoud. KANOABOO POINT.—During last week the premises ol Mr W. Dawson, Mr J. Dawson and Mr Atkins, at Kangaroo Point, were visited by some petty thieves, who extracted Wearing iipparel, crochery, fee. The value of the property stolen did not amount to much, but such annoyances in a district so amplj supplied with police, will not we, trust be tolerated. EXCURSION TO OYSTER COVE,—tn cohsoquenco of the inclemency of the weather yc;. 1 Icrday morning, the Cohre steamer did dot moke her projected speciol excursion to OVBter Core, which, however, lias only been deferred till Thursday next (weather permiting) when it is hoped that tho " skyey influ. enccs" will be more propitious. Persons wishing to visit tho district forthwith, will have an opportunity of going down in the 1 Cobre in her usual trip to Victoria, thin (Tuesday) morning, where they can remain 1 at night, and, if desiroble, return by thc Cobrc to- morrow. TG^O'BNIEN's BRIDOE.—It is not •ftca a property, combining so many advantages, is offered for sale, as thot of Mr ltnwdcn's at O'Brien's Bridge, which will be submitted to the hammer, by Mr W A Gucsdon, 01 tbe premises, this day. Tho particulars ot i the various lots will be found in another column. It is hardly necessary to do more than call attention to iho sale of so valuable a property, offering so many temptations to the capitalist ns well as tlie iiidusttioui ei'izen. At thc present time the property offers a certain fortune, but should a gold field be found, as scents likely, llic fortunate purchaser will indeed have a gold mine ol his own. We commend tho sale to the attention of those seeking investments. 