THE HISTORY OF MELBOURNE. FROM THE EARLIEST PERIODS TO THE LATEST DATES. Carefully but short, and adapted for the use of Schools. CHAPTER VI. NOW did Captain Lonsdale,the com- mandant, most vi- gorously betake himself to grand schemes of social reform, and espe- cially to repress the habit of "shout- ing", which he looked upon as the crying sin of the colony. Any gen- tleman found ly- ing about the streets in the day time, manifesting an inability to walk, breathing hard and not readi- ly understanding anything that was said to him, was liable to be taken up on suspicion of being in liquor. Upon such meagre evidence, in those days of colonial despotism, were the first citizens of Melbourne often borne off to durance vile, pumped on at the public expense, and after- wards exercised on the treadmill to prevent their catching cold. If a man would not say whether he was drunk or not, they always managed to pump it out of him; and the salutary efficacy of the treadmill was incontestably established—for, whenever the authorities sent a patient there, he immediately took steps to get sober. The first police court was a neat edifice in wattle and dab, where John Batman had sold milk in Market square. It had a sort of stock- yard enclosure for the cows, and which did well enough for the inebriates. And here in this primitive tabernacle of jurisprudence was the strong arm of the law most healthfully exercised; here, in a kind of small judicial dispensary were small doses of correction carefully made up, and administered for every dereliction of correct behaviour, and thus was brought about that high tone of morality and soberness for which the colony is proverbial. Some of the magisterial decisions were characterised by a sagacity worthy of record. A stout Tipperary lad had half killed a little Frenchman, for saying that fried potatoes were better than boiled. The Tip said in his defence that the other had aggravated him by differing in opinion, and afterwards heightened the offence by refusing to lend him half-a-crown; and if he could not crack a man's head for all that, he did not see the use of coming to a free country. The magistrate considered the assault proved, but committed under extenuating circumstances. He regarded the natural wrong- headedness, the inherent obliquity of reasoning, and the little dash of instinctive ruffianism in the wild son of St. Patrick; he made allowance for those inelegant idiosyncrasies of the untutored Hibernian, and dis- charged the prisoner on the ground of having received great provocation. Another culprit was then charged with being overcharged with strong drinks, and he, after hearing the previous case, admitted having been injudiciously thirsty, but also pleaded great provocation in having had a red herring for breakfast. The magistrate considered this an evidence of preconcerted inebriety and thirstiness aforethought, and the wretched tippler was taken away and pumped into a condition of hydrophobia. In this primitive structure of sticks and mud the pure and simple administration of the law, unfettered by any finical ceremonies or pedantic intricacy, was continued for two years, to the utter satisfaction of all orthodox believers. Disputes in business, breaches of promise, actions for damage, and every variety of wrangling and conflict, were promptly arranged, without recourse to any complicated machinery of refined litigation, but upon that even-handed principle of the divided oyster shell, and upon the wise system of discouraging all recourse to litigious practices, by vividly exemplifying their folly and futility. At last the old police court came to destruction in rather a remarkable manner. A bullock-dray had been backed close to the building while the driver was inside settling a fine for allowing his wheels to creak on a Sunday, when a loud whip-crack brought the drayman to the door just in time to see the place tumble in like a house of cards, and the magistrate's head showing amid the shingles and dust, like the full moon shining through a storm cloud. It appears from a Port Phillip Patriot "Summary for Europe " of that date that some rowdy individual had hooked the corner post of the old bit of basketwork, or secured it some way by hook or by crook, to the back of the dray, after which the crack of a stock whip did the business. The offender was not discovered, although a fast young squatter gentleman who went to Williamstown purposely to twist off the only door knocker in the colony, and spent a pound a week in tin tea-kettles to tie to dogs' tails, was for a long time suspected. The new Court House was erected in William-street, and was said to have very much resembled a design executed on a sampler by her present Majesty when at school. It was a square brick room, with an unpretending sort of door and two useful windows, but whether the first brick was laid with any particular architectural pomp and circumstance, is not ascertained. In 1839 the first light house was constructed at Williamstown. It was built of wood and painted white, and at night looked like an amateur churchyard ghost with a candle in a scooped turnip. It was said to have cost upwards of ten pounds, including the lamp and snuffers, and, when the light was carefully trimmed, it could be seen distinctly for a quarter of a mile, and was a great boon to the poor benighted folk who had cast their lot at Williamstown. About this time there was an advertisement in a Sydney paper for three good buoys, to be delivered in Melbourne, of the usual size and description; from which we gather that the mariners of Port Phillip did thus early manifest a thoughtnfuless for those who might come after them. And it was not long after this little family of buoys had been comfortably established at the Yarra's mouth, and not long after the illumination at Williamstown, that an important arrival took benefit therefrom. In October, 1839, came the Pyramus, with Mr. La Trobe, the first real governor, direct from Sydney, with a special commission to dislocate Captain Lonsdale's nose. The gallant commandant was sitting at the court-house, investigating a charge of cutting down timber on Crown lands in Swanston street, when a mighty commotion came sounding from the wharf. "What's up!" said Captain Lonsdale, as he bolted down the street. "Your reign," said the other, as he mizzled like the wind—and so it was. 