%{V SATURDAY, OCTPnKK 3, 1857. THE CHIN'K-;K. " ,, . _t(, ,v)iich took place in the | T"* !,{. e A««einblv.un the resolutions ] Wo»-ht forward i)V Mr Haines, 1ms jrn» from many of our contcm,,ora,o u , Lions tliev entertain upon 'he plural bearings of the T_.i .r"m ilnm we mny form .} very flS to what the ftelmg? of lair citcrwn iau- «.-. in --- the couutrv mc< m to lie In yesurd _v% i.-?ue tve published an aricle unon this subject from the Gee Ion...' r.w-Jf. from which our renders will hsve ) trcvivtd it i« argued that how: ver 5 il.tic si ll )?" 'l o-.ny be to impose a nio'itl-ly !.:- Vi- moi.Uiiv tax a- propped. i yet from the amount and difficui'.y co'iectii n, it is by some considered that the ien pound import tnx is preferable nml il properly loi-keJ after is al-o sul fwittf--Haines gave as h_s :fa? ns cetsit- of his lesolutions. the oiil argu melts - tirsi, that :n or ,;tr to prevei.t ih-.~ aiuipyar.ee to which the European mii'.tri »r» subpeted, it will be neee* s.iry to ir.ciea-e the public c.njiemliture hy mi addition 1 police force, &c; . which it .would be only t is to call upon the Chinese to make good; and, secondtv, that the Ch'nese do not otherwise contribute to the revenue In the same pro portion ns other colonists, in cousfquerce ci their not consuming so many dutiable articles. N'o objection teems to be ra'sed on any tide to the poll tax of ten pounds on coming into the colony, i a the old argument against it bus been rendered paperless by tl e acts of the lrgislatures of Ne r South Wnjes and South Aus tralia, where the impasi'ion of a similar tnx will render it impossible for the Chinese to evade ou law tts thes have hitherto been in the habit of doing; but to a u.onthly licence fte there sterna to bo a stronger opjiofi. tion tbrrtuaho'it tjte country certainly than we ex^/crlc!! »>..>' * jllistanding the fact that it tct\\.-!ve<l the af»eM of the house bv a v rv la ge majority. .4 wnnu the three tm whirs who voted against it was our representative Mr Wood, who thinks that a monthly tax will not pre v.nv the influx of Chinese into the co lo y at oil, and so far from affeetiig tli'-iu it will nprrntc also against the .-iorekeepers, though h»w the le.rned geutleuiun arrives at thin conclusion »v fail to see. And Mr Wood went even further, ai d argued that such a tax would be a breach of gr.od faith and humai ity on the part of the Govern ment, adopting apparently the di ctrino laid down by tiie Oi.inese themselves, that as we have allowed our own . Iv'powners to convey them here, and at they have caiiformtd to our !uws and legulr.tions »t least as cioiely t» our own people, it would be incompatible with the high feeling of justice we claim for ourselves to imjiose a tux which tbey consider is grievous and oppressive. How far Mr Wood in this etituenU, we leuve lliem to licciilc. _ And, again, one of our contempr.m. rics on the other gold fields argues that knowing the irritating effects ot the im position of h licence tax on other men, and os tbe<!e people are.endowed with" human feelings, il ia naturjl to suppose that it wi 1 cpsrate in the same manner in arousiog uiiiorg them feelings of in di»natian and df;-content, for although it miiy be true that they are cowardly, the most timorous brutes in creation: will ttt last retent the continued inflic tion of unbearable wrongs. - .It sur prises us to find such n doctrine main tainrd, especially by a journal published on the gold fields, and therefore eup j posed to represent to a certain degree the opinions of the micor#, mure parti I cularly as such an opinion on hardly be entertained without losing sight of the great object sought for in any re gulrttioji with reference to the Chinese, the limitation of their numbers in the colony. Mr L tlor associated himself with Mr Woof] (.11 tin; ocea-ion of tl.e division we rifer 11 0:1 the gruuni, that huv injr I' liiid the monthly licence fee to 'ail with reference to European miner?, il would he incontinent !i> renew it, even tho'iph limited to the Chinese, nd Mr A*pin ill. who with'the honor able members for JJ<« 1 tnr.it and tl.e Ovens, mmh: up tl.e winojiiy, went 11 .)] a Miu'ilar track, and appealed to tli" (ii^'geiv- that they did not want " dinner fiUiitinj; " revive!, v.l-.icli wouhi ncct'smily be the case if tt.e j ui 'VUliiy liceiwe fee wt-re i 11 - p 0 - e1; upon the Chinese, lint this urn.iir.ent i-i n lucre -had <»', ar d piiiinps Mr Aypinall would lie shucked ahculv it ).e knew some of t; e stt-jis taken by U e authori ties in this district, which are as t-»r<. . iTious an example ol Cmikso ciitr:;tr hunting as even Sir Aspinall could evt r ex pec to tee. What would this ^111 ileiu^n sav if he knew that so zeal oiirlv is the cxis ing lav/ being acted upon in th'.s pi ire, and the prot< ction ticket system cnfurced, that not long since some Chinamen c.ining into town, e.'ch armed with n pound t.> take out ibtir tickets, were arrested 011 the frontiers of the municipality, fined all they had, and locked up for seven days. Surely the 10s licence fee would not involve jnivthintr worse. But we imagine MessisAspinal!, LaJor, anil Wood may keep their minds at ease and s,.lely allow the ioipc sition rf a monthly tax without fear of injustice provided they take care that themagis trates- of the various localities are selected irom the right men, and that 'he law is not abueed. Nay, we may K 'urther, aud assure our n em atteEaPt fi«t to resist th« uspoutlo* ,f ,uc£ # l|LI) and the lenfc,. m: * 1 The miners or - .*»* S to wait, in tl 0 expectation that tiuir wishes will be nccordeil loyally umi without the use of phjsieal force ; hut if their oxpfctations are deteaUil, it the present house of Assembly does _»!'j speeililv p.iss i-m> law the pronnsed measure we will nut venture t.> pr.' .ict ..he nature of she serious consequences th it will assuredly fj'.iow. THE STAR HOTEL.-The dull mo- notony which this township has ex- hibited for the last few days, was some what changed yesterday afternoon, by Mr John Wallace taking forcible pos- session of the Star hotel, Ford street. This establishment which has been during the greater part of the last two years in the possession of Mr Wallace, was lately sold by him to Messrs Robertson and Quirk We are informed that the amount was to be paid in instalments, by bills, at several dates, and in the event of any of the bills being dishonored, the property was to be taken possession of by Mr Wallace and sold to realize the amount due to him. On the 6th September the sum of £4000 had been paid, and a bill for £2000 became due ; this bill was dishonored, and therefore according to the terms of sale Mr Wallace could take possession of the premises. About this time Mr Robertson, who had pur- chased Mr Quirk's interest in the house, and was, therefore, sole owner, filed his schedule, and an agent from the official assignee was sent from Melbourne to take possession of the property on behalf of the creditors. Mr Wallace went to Melbourne and tried to effect an arrangement with the assignee, whereby the amount due to him could be liquidated, but that officer declined to give him possession of the house, pay the amount due, or bind himself in any way to become responsible for its pay- ment. Mr Wallace, when the bill became dishonored, told Mr Robertson that he would allow him to retain pos- session of the premises for a month, as he could not sooner obtain the transfer of the license, at the expiry of which it was understood that the establishment was to be transfered to him. On Wed- nesday last, Mr. Wallace informed Mr Robertson, that he would take possession of the premises yesterday, but subse- quently Mr Air li. had refused to fulfil the arrangement, and Mr Wallace informed him he would be forced to adopt measures to obtain possession of them. Accordingly today he arrived in Beech- worth with that object, and having matured a plan for carrying it out, took advantage of a row in front of the house which had attracted the emplotees and the agent of the assignees outside the premises, and with a party of six or seven men, immediately closed the doors of the establishment, securing them and the windows firmly ; this occurred about 2 p.m., and immediately drew together a large concourse of the inhabi- tants . Mr. Robertson who had been at the Woolshed shortly afterwards returned, and on learning the particu- Iars of the ruse, armed himself with several "Colts"' and obtained an en- trance through the window of his sanctum off the bar. No sooner had he made his appearance-pale as the ghost in "Hamlet"-with a cocked revolver in his trembling hand, than the host fled, and with the assistance of a knight of the hammer, the fas- tenings of the front door were re- moved, and in rushed a tumultuous throng. The police soon occupied the principal apartments on the ground floor, and prevented any further dis- turbance. Several arrests were made, but the prisoners, after being taken to the vicinity of the Camp, were al- lowed to "go on their way rejoicing." In the mean time Mr Wallace and his party adjourned to the Union, where they drowned their sorrows at being outdone in " the cup that cheers but , not inebriates." These are the parti- culars of the occurrence so far as we have been able to glean; how it may end is a matter of speculation. The event howerer caused considerable ex- citement as long as it lasted, but no material injury was sustained by any of those engaged in it. Jll* Hosj'irAt. - Thii vacant by the rt-i -Mr I iiinoel: »:lf filled yest. nl;,v. Yi-D.vk! Morris t.f C.mip street being the fnceeisful candidate. There were y,VC"U'',[1. viz Messrs I) Hiihtc-r, lti.-l.aril . -V'u r 'mV'""' 'Sc.ut i> i;'iauj \> nrdin, John Whittv ? "OfC! Sutton, IK'f.rv Suttun, Jo|i" luk,IJ M*C.'r..-tkeVl .. rdi, ailre.-l M, ,r> arsl,a.J,l. Joyt-c.-Liny/i, ne.-,r]vail "f """in printed tesiimoiJia],. "V the most lhutenng nature. The m.ide by tl,e emmuittee nf'ter ;i It-iiyiheiiftl ballot ,Il(i ,l,e g « horn they IvA-o selected to !i!l it, uo-er se< the energy aIlli abiHl nccc,s:iry f the tine pcr.orrnai.ee of it, d.itie-i, "nd we doubt Hot will give li e entire i.'itiffaction. 'J'llK 1'oMASf C.VIH0I.1C Nl'V.' CllLJ.Cll. -It will be seen from our advertising column* that on Sunday next there will be a ;rrjind nn.ss, at eleven o'clock, am) a collection in aid of the new church and presbytery. 