AMERICAN SCRAPS. The Springfield 'Argus and the Boston PosMhink there is a strong probability that the Hon. Nathr.n Clifford of Maine will be invited to take a seat in Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet, probably as Postmaster General. George :D. Prentice, the notorious editor of the Louisville Journal, is lying dangerously ill at St. Louis. The ghosts of the murdered people at the Louisville election must haunt him. ueo. txreen was murdered near Gainesville, Va., on Christmas evening, and his body burnt by his negroes. The U. ; S. Frigate .Tamestown was at Sierra Leone, Oct. 20. It was rumoured. that there had been a battle in the interior, in which four thousand persons are said to have been killed, \- Baltimore seems to be rather a riotous city. The .papers of Friday record a riot, which the police quelled before proceeding far, but not till a lady standing at her door was shot in the neck. Then three persons were arrested for deliberately firing a pistol at a house, while tho contents of' a liquor store were smashed, the keeper shot, and his wife injured by a knife. A terrible riot occured on Christmas day (irnonn; the Philadelphia'.Pystermen.in Patuxont river. One man was killed and buried at Drum Point, and three others takon, ashore badly wounded. Three boats wore lashed together, and the fight continued be tween them- all night. The steamer Canada brought intelligence that Mrs. Strong of New Haven, and her son-in-law and , daughter, Mr. and Mrs; Baily, who were passengers in the steamer Lyonnaise, had arrived safely at I Bordeaux, Franco, with thirteen others from the steamer. Mrs.- Strong and her friends, it' will be I remembered, were in the boat of the Captain of the steamer, and it is the one, therefore, which has been secured. Sentence of Five Youno Men poii Incen diarism.^— Five younginen of Portland, who have been convicted of incendiarism in consequence of one of their associates, named. Worcester, turning State's evidence, have received their sentences as follows:— Jolm: Burns' and Isaac. B. Pendcrgrast, seven years in. thcState Prison— Samuel Burns five years — Luke Makin three years — Gould one year1 The Portland Argus says: — They wore all smart looking young ? men, and were well qualified by ability to make, their mark in society as good and useful citizens. They chose a different course, and find their homes in tlie State Prison. Their course has been brief :.it^,contains a lesson which it would be well for youiig.rrien to consider. In London, out of a population of two and a half millions, only five hundred thousand attend church. This is the capital of Protestantism ! Paris proper has increased 200,000 in population since Louis Napoleon has assumed sway. In Oneida County, New York, at the late presi dential election, one vote was cast for Pope Pio Nono. The Committee on Territories will soon report a bill, which they have agreed upon, authorising the people of Minnesota to form a Constitution and Stale, which will be the thirty-second. Hon. John Berry, a member of tho Arkansas Se nate, died recently from the bite of a spider. The Supreme Court of North Carolina confirmed tho decision of .Judge M:\nly, that members of the Universaliht Church are incompetent to testify in Courts of Justice in that State. TUa Jlartfofil Times says the colored church of the Rev.Dr. Pennington in that city complain aloud that their pastor takes' a drop too much now and then. He was petted by the haughty Duchess of Sutherland, and made a Doctor of Divinity by Cambridge University, Engl-'iid. To MoRiiow. This is the day on which idle men work, aiid fools' reform. The proper .study of mankind is man— biit tho: popular study \«, how to makj money out of him. Yankee young ladies who go out West as school mistresses, are not of much u.-c. In-ilcud of teach ing other people's children, they soon get to teach ing their, own. ' Dear Pilot : — Will yon be so kind as to inform me in which number of the Citteen did John Mitchell wiite the words, ' I wiMi 1 had n plantation in Ala bama well stocked with niggers.' — Wo cannot an swer, as we have hot a file of the Citizen. Will some 011c 'give us light? 