I "BIGBEN," OF WESTMINSTER.. . | (From the Times.) THIS great success for we may at once ease our readers' minds on this point the art of bell making gave tongue for the first time yesterday morning at a few minutes past 11 o'clock. The monster clapper, weighing 16 cwt., arrived last week, and, having been fitted with great expedition, notice was given to a number of official and scientific celebrities that a strictly private trial of Big Ben's powers of utterance and modulation was to take place. So, precisely at 11, a band headed by Mr. E. B. Denison, Q.C., its accomplished designer, and Mr. Taylor, assembled within the hoarding at the foot of the Westminster Clock Tower ; with some tuning keys ready to apply to their mouths, some with their ears stuffed with cotton, lest their tympanums should crack and some man- fully trusting that their ears would stand the sound. All were in anxious expectation, and awaited with mixed feelings of impatience and awe the first accents of the monster. Children are said to be born imperfect in every respect excepting their tongues ; of this all fathers blessed with progeny have had aural demonstration ; but this Frankenstein-this Bell of Bell's, though born, is unable to wag his tongue or to give the faintest lisp without help, and yesterday morning this help was supplied by six or eight sturdy artisans, who tugged lustily with a measured strain at ropes attached to Big Ben s clapper. Now the bells of St. Margaret's, and of the Abbey, struck 11, loud enough in their way, but soon to be put to silence. With the north-east breeze came booming down a moment after, the sound of another bell, still the greatest in England, but in a few minutes to be immeasurably surpassed in sound, and destined to take the second place. It was the last protest of the Great Bell of St. Paul's, ci devant Great Tom of Westminster, which at once proclaimed its own power and rung in the supremacy of the mighty rival, swinging over the very spot on which it had once itself stood, to whom its sceptre of sound was now about to depart for ever. If bells can feel no doubt the Great Bell at St. Paul's felt sad at that moment, and " Big Ben" proportionally triumphant, but externally the latter made no sound as the voice of his antagonist came sailing up the Thames, and he looked as firm and unmoved as the First Commissioner of Works when he is listening to the re- proaches of a deputation. "Well, now the time has come. As Wallenstein told his soldiers to fight or not, so Big Ben must now speak or split. By his voice we shall know him. Be there flaw or crack in him, out it now must come. So the sturdy fellows in fustian pull with a will, at first somewhat jokingly and excitedly, Mr. Denison lending a willing hand as leader in that honest team. One, two, three, and then such an awful, solemn, heartrending sound ; like a potent poison, the vibration penetrates every vein in the body, it strikes every nerve, it attacks and tries every fibre and muscle, it makes your bones rattle and your marrow creep. In despair of describing I a sensation which combines all sensations and invades the body by so many senses, we can only call it a liquid blow ; it strikes you all over your frame at once, and, not content with mastering your outworks, it streams into and pervades and floods your inner man in an instant of time. So much for the first stroke, the work of a moment, an electric shock intensified, which it has taken so many words to describe, even imperfectly. The men are not in good gear, and tug somewhat hurriedly ; the second and third strokes are faltering, and cause our Frankenstein to give an " uncertain sound in the fourth and fifth, and BO stroke after stroke, with rare exceptions, i come truly home. And now arises a wondrous con- fluence of vibration as the air in the confined space under the clock-tower is lashed into fury by the tempest of sound. Many stop their ears and, if any of Mr. Denison's detractors were present, it must have amused him to see the attitude of these "deaf adders, who refused to hear the voice of the charmer scoffers who, perhaps, came to exult over a defeat and remained to swell a triumph. But to return. Many stop their ears ; many would run away if they dared, and some did, saying they preferred to hear it a little way off, but the true friend of , science neither stopped his ears nor thought of running away. He stayed and braved out the brazen surge of sound around him and revelled in its vibrations with the same excitement and delight as when a man stands upon a wind-smitten headland on a stormy dayandioys to feel the wind pour down on him blast after blast, and to see each gast as it tears its way towards the land smoothing its path across the rolling sea. Now the men begin to feel fatigued and a signal is given to cease for a while, and here it is most curious to mark the cessation of sound and the gradual decline of vibration; for long after the metallic ring has ceased there followed a strange mysterious after-noise, a sound between the trickling of a slender will and the dry shivering rustle of autumn leaves hustled together by a gust across a hard gravel I walk. This is the thin ghost of Big Ben's full utter- ance. In such dry husky accents did the. shade of the great Achilles address the wandering Odysseus when he told him the life of a seat on this warm, genial, upper earth was worth a king's crown down in that gloomy nether realm of Hades. But even the husky whisper has ceased, and silence is again restored. We look at our neighbours. Well, we don't think any of them have had their tympanums split, though some are cautiously removing their cotton. Opinions are compared, and we are happy to say that it is universally acknowledged that the bell is without flaw or crack, a perfect piece of casting. So much for Mr Warner, the founder. He may sleep happy. Well 1 but for the round ; how do Mr. Denison a innovations of shape, material, and mixture answer a What is the sound as expressed in musical scale i Here, again, opinion appears to be unanimous. Mr. Denison had prophesied, for it could scarcely be anything else than pro- phenyle mean of that scientific kind which can boast of its fulfilment before the event-that it was to be E natural. And here all the praiseworthy persons who had their tuning-keys in their meals during the trial declare Big Ben's voice to be pure natural E. At this moment some one suggests that Sir. Ture, and the Abbey and its magnificent organ are close at hand, what easier than to run over to the Abbey and to check the sound of the bell by the organ? Away goes the indefatigable Mr. Denison, and in a short time COOKS back with the information that Mr. Turle confirms the opinion that it is a pure natural E the sound it was meant to be. We do not know that in these days of universal failure we can praise anything more highly than by saying, especially if it be matter of experimental science, that it turns out what it was meant to be. Big Ben's voice has toned out what it was meant to be, and when it says-" Here I am, E natural,-strike me, buffet me, crush me if you can, with a clapper of 16 cwt., not one syllable of anything else snap you get out of the man that M natural I am and E natural I shall remain till Jove splits me with his thunder." When the bell says this we do not know that any words of ours can add one syllable more to the learned gentleman's justly-earned meed of praise. Mr. Denison has had, as our readers know, a hard battle about this bell. He has routed his foes, he has carried his point, the bell has answered his expectations what more can we say except to congratulate him on his signal triumph ? It is true that a critical friend of ours, overwhelmed with the first tumult of sound, tried to whisper in our fear that the bell was a dead failure. He forgot, however, that a bell of this size, especially if irregularly struck as this was, can never be a very pleasant companion when you are within two yards of it. A 68 pounder would be quite as agreeable. A bell of these proportions is intended to be hung some 200 feet above your head. It is meant to be heard miles in all directions in fact, it is only meant to be heard at a considerable distance. All the world are not Quasi- modes ; the whole metropolis will not live up at the top of this tower close to the bell, and therefore it is to be supposed that our friend did not make sufficient allowance for his close proximity when, amid the jarring vibrations of whole strokes and half strokes, he uttered his opinion. We are happy to add that his doubts were removed by a short walk, for on retiring from the spot, it was found that as we receded from the tower the voice of Big Ben rapidly assumed, in spite of its enormous volume, a soft melodious sound, until when we reached the middle of St. Margaret's churchyard, no great distance, after all, it was impossible to conceive a deeper or a finer tone. So much for the sake of truth and as an instance of the best way to remove the scruples of these doubt- ing Thomases" who will not make due allowances for time and space. If any one stands before the bell and fancies he detects a jar, let him remember that the laws of proportion are universal, that the frescoes of Michael Angelo and the mosaics of St. Peter's are meant to be seen afar off, just as Big Ben is meant to be heard afar off; and that if scientific men will scramble up to the one on ladders, and will listen within two feet of the other, they must expect to find the lineaments and limbs of the frescoes distorted and grotesque, and the sound of the bell occasionally jarring and discordant. Returning to the foot of the tower, we found an adventurous band headed by Sir Benjamin Hall and Mr. Denison, about to scale its height, bent on seeing where the bell was finally to be hung. To those who had mounted Antwerp Tower or scaled the Gothic lace work of Strasburg, 200 feet, especially up an unsworn staircase lighted with gas, is no very arduous undertaking ; still, keeping historic truth always in view, we are compelled to say that if any of the " deaf adders" before alluded to were of this climbing party they became " puff adders" ere they reached the top. Deans and bishops and ecclesiastical dignitaries ought never to climb above their thrones or prebendal stalls. Fancy a dignitary of the Church suddenly becoming broken winded 150 feet above the ground, in a narrow stair- case. How is he to get up ? How is he to get down ? Who is to pass him There he stands, a bulwark of Church and State, in his proper place, no doubt, but a great obstacle here, puffing and panting like a Christmas bullock half way up a high tower. Now we are two-thirds up the tower, above the clock dial, more than 200 feet above the pavement, and just where the' stonework ends and iron begins. , Here, on a frame of wood, not yet! erected, " Big Ben" is to be hung. Mr. Denison confesses a desire that his ball should be hung still higher up, in the open gallery of iron-work above the stone. ! The feasibility of this was discussed, and, after an extempore debate, which, at any rate, was not wearying from its length it seemed to be the general opinion that the lower site is best, due regard being had to its more extensive area, while the higher position would tend to check and confuse the vibration, owing to the too great proximity of the bell to the iron of which the top of the tower is composed. So for the present we are advised to prefer the lower side, and we descend to the ground, highly delighted with our morning's work. But before we leave this subject we must make some remarks on the name now commonly given to the bell and certainly, as we first christened it, no one can have a better right to stand up for our godchild. Some delightfully courtly persons on the top of the tower were deploring the vulgarity of the term "Big Ben." In a spirit of battery from which we are entirely free, as we do not expect to become great Government contractors, to farm the sewers, to be raised to the vacant bishopric which that Pope, Lord Palmerston, obstinately keeps in peace, or even to become a simple dean -in a spirit of flattery we say, some of these worthy people, of whose profession and position we are entirely, ignorant, and none of whom it is therefore requested, will suppose that they are meant, were deploring that it was a pity the bell was not called "the Royal Albert," or " the Lady Victoria," or " the Princess Royal," or the Crown Princess of Prussia, or any thing courtly, or, as the Germans would express it, "corners," instead of this odious "'Big Ben," so willingly adopted by that stupid public. We are ready at once to admit that these Samp- sons Of flattery have a happy talent for dragging in the Royal family on all occasions, but we cannot congratulate them on their ears. The name of a cell must be short and glib ; it must run trippingly ; it must represent a sound ; it must be English. Now, " Victoria " and " Albert " are honoured names, but they are not short or glib. They are neither of them particularly English in sound. In a word, they may be fit for anything else, but they are not fit for a bell, and if given the public will not accept them. We are glad to say that Sir Benjamin Hall, when appealed to on the subject, replied in a manner not very encourag- ing to the objectors e, while Mr. Denison observed that he was afraid the bell was already christened, and that it was too late to change the name. We wonder what the courtly flatterers of the age of the Plantagenets thought of all the " Great Toms" which sprung up out of the blood of a certain low-born Thomas, sometime Archbishop of Canterbury. We daresay they thought them horridly vulgar, but, though B ecket's bones were scattered to the winds after on idolatry of more than three centuries, yet his name still survives in our English " Great Toms." We do not know that "Bent' is worse in this respect than " Tom," both are awfully vulgar, no doubt, though we know some good men and true called " Tom, but both are decent English, and they certainly agree in this, that no English King has ever sat on the Throne either as Thomas or Benjamin. "In Thomas laude rescue him bom sino fraude," rang the old monkish Leaning on Becket's belli.. Would not Victoria) laude reson Big Ben sing france" where we beg all good Englishmen to excuse the false quantity for the sake of the loyalty of the sentiment be as good for our Great Westminster Bett? or would our courtly flatterers prefer a legend which we remember to have seen on some thoroughly foreign un-English bell, hanging over a Palace gate, and containing much more grass in its composition than this of Mr. Denison? "MENTIOn ET ASSENTIOB." IT is positively stated that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg has come to a decision relative to the succession to the throne of Greece. It will be Prince Ypsilanti, the only seven now living of that illustrious family, who will be called to the throne of Greece after the death or abdication of King Otho. Muswi'.ttBBooK.-27th January. Yellow and white cow, BH near ribs, g over. Yellow and white male calf, 12 months old, Motor., brand near ramp like H. Redmond white cow, SC off ribs, no, ver; a red heifer calf by her side, 1 month old, unbranded. Brindle and white ox, ME off rump, 31 under. Strawberry ox, ? ears marked, P near ribs, 7 over, JW near ramp, 5 ander. Bed. I end white working bullock, VTP near rump, WD off rump, O over I I Red and white cow, "WC near rump, indescribable brand near I ribs. To be sold on the im February, 