MINING INTELLIGENCE. WHIPSTICK. (FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.) What with the encouraging accounts from Epsom— the successful opening-up of the Kanga- roo Flat district, Break-o'-Day, and the western gullies— and the encouraging prospects and wide field for raining enterprise presented in the Whip- stick district, not only in alluvial but in quartz mining— the contemplated survey of the Whip- stick reefs and their defined boundaries— the facilities offered to puddlers and the puddling interest in this locality, and which are being now rapidly made available by persons experienced in puddling, and who are evidently no new chums, but men of enterprise and practical mining expe- rience— and last, not least, the anticipated per- manent water supply, to which the Chamber of Commerce have now set their shoulders to the wheel in right earnest, and soon determined to either conquer or know the reason why. All honor to the men who may succeed in accomplishing this great local and (in one point of view) national undertaking. Should the labors of the Chamber of Commerce terminate favorably, and that body succeed in causing the permanent water supply to be a reality, and to stand forth as a substantial monument and great practical result of their labors, they will not only be entitled to the gratitude of the community, but their names should be " writ in brass '' and made imperishable in the archives of Bendigo. And if Bendigo should ever have her men of bronze and marble— the men who entailed on Bendigo and the surrounding district the least advantages that must accrue, from a per- manent water supply— should be among the first of those who could claim, and who would be fairly entitled, to such a distinction at the hands of posterity. What, with all these advantages, both real and prospective, and the immense strides now making in our quartz rssources, the almost fabulous and unheard of results that are actually daily transpiring in this branch of mining industry on Bendigo, together with the golden inducements held out to capital and enterprise to embark in the still further devolopement of a department of gold mining that must be pronounced, as it were, in its mere infancy. What, it may be asked again and again, with all these advantages in a mining point of view, has Sandhurst to fear from competition on the part of any of her sister gold fields, not to speak of her commercial' advantages as the great inland emporium of Victoria, and by geographical position calculated ; to command the trade of a larger area of populated territorial district, than any other inland town or city in the colony. Tyro legislators may make bad mining laws, unsuited to the varied wants and changes, and gradations of the goldfields ; and with the best intentions they may blot out Local Courts from the statute books of the colony, and cruelly immolate the truly useful and patriotic members of such local courts at the very shrine of duty as it were, without any superannuation, fee or reward what- ever for past services done and performed by them for the public weal ; and local court members themselves may prematurely give up the ghost and die in harness, leaving the public conveyance at a standstill, to get along as it best can. All this may be done with impunity, both by tyro legislators and local court administrators, and the forthcoming new Goldfields Bill may be even initiated and in- troduced into practical operation (as it no doubt soon will). Notwithstanding all these drawbacks, however, the progress of development and mining reform is advancing a pace under the genial influence of public and private enterprise, and individual and collective energy ; and while legis- lation and legislators (so far as the goldlields are concerned) may be said to be retrogressive and decadent ; mining development and mining enter- prise may be pronounced prosperous and progres- sive. Here is a social and political problem for politico- economists and others to unravel and define, that bids fair to make Australia— and par- ticularly that portion of it named after our most gracious— as great a heteredoxical and political contrariety in its Constitution Government as its physical and climatological phemonana are at variance with the defied laws, and scientific and conventional classification of Europe and older countries. Such a state of things cannot, of course, last much longer. Our lawgivers, if they cannot go in advance of the public and private enterprise of the colony, must at least keep pace with it. If they are unable to do this, and still continue to lag behind public progress and the pressure from without, they must give place to their superiors, and to statesmen more competent and better qualified to hold the reins of State, and to co- operate with the people. THE NEW DIGGINGS NEAR KYNETON — These diggings appear to be progressing in a very satis- factory manner. A party of four men recently returned to town, bringing with them nine and a-half ounces, the result of about as many days digging. We believe that in many instances, from the shallowness of the sinking, these diggings will be found much more remunerative— especially to persons of small means—than even these of the far- famed Ararat itself. The present fine weather will afford an additional opportunity to people, able and willing to make the experiment.— Ob- server. GOLD FROM THE OMEO.— A party of gold buyers on the Omeo have just made the trip down to Beechworth, travelling together for greater secu- rity. They have brought with them, as we are informed, nearly a thousand ounces of gold. It will help to swell our escort on Friday.— Ovens Constitution. BLACK JACK GULLY, BARKER'S CREEK.— This place is the scene of a rush, numbering over 100 men, who are said to be turning over the new ground with considerable profit. Among them are several miners who have returned recently from Ararat, and who seem to prefer the field to the new. NEW RUSH.—The Daylesford correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail says :—Within the last few days a considerable rush has taken place at Stony Creek. Report speaks well of the place, as far as it has yet been worked. At 20 feet sinking the washing averages from 3 dwts. to one ounce to the tub. The number of washers is daily increas- ing, with a fair prospect of sucecss. Stony Creek is situate about one mile and a half from Wombat Flat, in the direction of the new racecourse. The place is better known as Stony Falls— on the sum- mit of the hill the rush has occurred, 