STONEY CREEK. '. Several parties are now beginning to work on the Post Office Flat, but the attempt is generally supposed to be premature, on account of the quantity of water yet in the ground. Should the summer continue as dry as a present, for a few weeks longer, without a doubt a large quantity of gold will be realised, as. the ground has been proved to be very rich in this particular spot, but could not hitherto be thoroughly worked for the above reason. The population here, although on the increase, is still numerically small, but the rest bents expect a large addition when the sheep shearing and the holidays are over. There are good stores here, well stocked with every necessary, and plenty of good water, but at present the Post Office, and a few country customers appear to be the only means of keeping this place alive. Finlay's public house is shut up and the proprietor has removed to Burrandong. The business at Bailey's is merely the ghost of what it was in the flourishing months of June and July, '56. TUENA. The correspondent of the Goulburn Chronicle, writing from this locality, says The diggings at this creek are going on much as usual ; the weather is very favourable for working the creek and several parties are getting down rapidly to the washing stuff. This week, Mr. Marks, of the New Argyle Store purchased a parcel of 66 ounces from these diggings. CHINA TEA AND SILKS. A correspondent of the New York Times, writing from Shanghai, says : " The engrossing subjects of interest here now are the tea and silk markets. The occupation of many of the tea-producing districts of the North by the rebels, and the obstruction by them of many of the great thoroughfares of trade from the interior to this place, will very materially decrease the export of tea. The new crop is beginning to come in. As yet no correct estimate can be formed of its quantity or quality. Much anxiety is expressed by the mercantile and shipping community as regards the first, they very justly fearing that it will be meagre, compared with the export of last year. It is calculated by knowing ones here, that the utmost limit of the tea exportation from China this year will be 1022 chops, or 51,000,000 pounds, while, in all probability, 17,000,000 pounds of this, or a good portion of the teas from Howkow, or of those for the Bohea hills, will in the end have to be deducted, leaving 34,000,000 pounds as the probable export. From the Canton districts there will be no exports this year. The export of the last year (1856) was 1350 chops, or 68,000,000 pounds from the five ports. The whole export this year will be from the four remain- ing free ports. The silk season has commenced with vigour. Since the departure of the mail of the 30th of May, there has been brought to this market some 3000 bales, and more is daily arriving. An abundant and good crop is expected, although it is said the quality of fineness is being sacrificed in reeling from a desire to hurry it into market whilst the present high prices prevail." 