TOTAL ABSTINENCE. (To tho Editor of tho ' Illawarra Mcrcury.') Mr. Editor — The Euphrates flowed through the midst of Babylon. ~ The Persians hiul a mind to take Babylon, and' after baffled attempts, they bethought themselves of an expedient — 'Might we not divert tho Euphrates into a new channel above tho city, and enter in by the dry bed.' Tlie thought was a happy one, and issued iu complete success. The Euphrates was dried up, nrronf. T?nhulnn foil mul Pnrcm frtnnitilip/L The mnn would be tho father of his country who ahnuUl | turn aside the flood of intoxication from this hapless land. Different people are trying different means ; and I among them are the ' Total Abstainers,' acting ns individuals and associations. Their object is com mendable ; but it appears to many that they are spending their strength at tho wrong side of the city ; they aro laboring to turn aside the Euphrates at tlie lower side o ] Babylon, where it escapes trom the town. Lot them take the Persians for a pattern, and apply their efforts above the town. Teetotalism seems but a public barrier against the swelling flood of intoxication ; it is like a quack medicine, greatly ' puffed' — 'an effectual cure for a sore malady ' Many a one tries it, hoping to get some benefit ; but the very damming-in of tho ' pledge' for a few months, of years, only increases tho volume and force of the mischief ; till at last it bursts its embankment, and carries deso lation before it. When horses are tied to a fence they get hungry and impatient as they look at the tempting clover around them ; they break their halters and scamper off to the meadow; so the toetotaller longs for what he cannot get — ho gets impatient — he breaks his 'pledge' — and his last state his worse than his first. There is a dam j filling up by the constant pouring in of a little stream — there is a bank of earth all round the dam ; but as it fills up, the water here and there threatens to break through the embankment. There is seen a little hero with a spade on his shoulder, bustling round and round the embank ment, keenly watching for the weak points; and as he detects them one by one, he hastens to cast up earth to prevent mischief. But in spite of his activity, outbreak follows outbreak in divers places ; and there is no end of outbreaks ; yet our hero never lets his courage sink ; even when swept from his feet by a sudden rush from the dam, he struggles out of it, and runs to the rescue, re pairing tho breaches to the best of his ability with determined energy. I have no confidence in teetotalism — it is putting new cloth on an old garment, the rent is made worse ; it seems a slender expedient — something like a Cockatoo fence to hedge in sturdy bullocks ; if there is anything tempting on the other side, the bullocks' horns will make the fence fly like chaff before the wind. The Apostle Paul did not deal in expedients of this kind to reform transgressors. Conceive of the Apostle as a teetotal lecturer, bustling through tlie streets of Corinth with pledges in his pocket ! It would bo quite as suitable to have a pledge against stealing, or against lying, or against fornication, or against angry passion ; and so you might have a list of pledges as long as a man's sins — and pledge him o le by ono against every one of them. Why should teetotallers blow their trum pets and commend such wares. The Apostle Paul's scheme for the euro of drunkenness, and .every sin besides — was ' the manifestation of the truth to every man's conscience.' He went direct to the drunkard and the sober — the rough and the refined, alike, with this remedy, and found it effectual. He did not think it necessary to cure the drunkard's ' physical disease' by a pledge, and then apply the 'truth' to him when restored to soundness ! The teetotallers will, no doubt, say — ' Oh, the idea of a Teetotal Society never entered the Apostle's mind, like a great many more modern ideas that were not thought of in his time.' Yes, mens' minds are busy with mnny reformatory plans aud expedients in these days — the people nre multiplying false godsjaml serving them with all their might — but these gods ean not deliver. This idolatrous nge has lamentably lost con fidence in the True God. Many of the teetotallers are Christian men and Ministers. Have they lost confidence in that most simple and most efficient remedy , that wrought such rapid, such extensive, and such thorough refur mation in titacs more vicious, ignorant, and rude than these in which we live. Had the Apostles and early Christians had the idea of teetotalism, and had they busied themselves in forming Teetotal Societies, with a view to restore men to sobriety, and ' physical sound ness' as a preliminary to teaching them the' ' truth.' I think, we should have been disposed to look upon them with a slight feeling of scorn — as men of good intentions, but of ' little faith.' A Teetotal Society to restore men ! That is going to Beelzebub, the God of Ekron, to enquire whether you will recover ; and are you not doing this, because you feel as if there were no God in Israel ? I am not opposed to the reformation of drunkards, or to the prevention of drunkards, hy Teetotal Societies. If the end can be gaine.d that way, good and well, and the end may be gained, in some cases permanently ; though in many very temporarily . But I contend that nil the good that teetotalism ever did could have been better done — both more thoroughly, and more permanently done, by the means the Apostles and early Christians nsed ; and not only so, but good of this kind, to an ex tent and degree, that would immeasurably outstrip the most brilliant and boasted results of teetotalism or any other movement of a kindred description. I repeat that lam thankful for the good that even the inferior kind of arrangement or association has achieved ; but what I would urge is, that men would do better were thoy to leave off expedients, and tnko up, with thorough con fidence in its efficacy, and adaptation to tho condition of every kind of transgressor, that 'truth' which Paul and his contemporaries manifested to every man's conscience ; and which they found to have amacing powor at once to slay every vice and euro every malady. An age of expedients is a faithless aye. The Christianity of our nge is diluted and enfeebled by a strong admixture of worldly wise expedients; and until we return to a livelier confidence in the simplicity of the Gospel— the leading characteristic of the early Christians, we must labor in the fire and for very vanity. I. do not mean to plead exemption from the carna spirit of the Christianity of the age — my sight is just clear enough to see that. I and my fellows are not when we ought to be. f see ' a more excellent way,' which, wore wo to attain to it, would bear down upon the god less multitudes and rescue them from their vices with irresistable power ; as the Apostles did on the wicked Jews on tho day tit Penticost. The leading instrument in the Kingdom of God must be liko John tho Baptist, ' full of the Holy Ghost,' and then many will turn to righteousness. Tho secret of the world's reformation lies in the pure and fervent piety and holy walk of Christian men and Ministers . If this were attained, teetotalism would not be needed. Let us lay aside tho cumbrous armour of Saul, and take up the sling of David — and the giants must succumb. Adieu, SPECTATOR. 