TASMANIA'* FLOOB. As wo havo published some remarks on (he aliovu subject in a late issue, wo give tiie fiiidjained le'tw place, notwithstanding thai it tends (0 con trovert our own opinion with refcrenco to the ex ci'llunt quality of Tasinauiau flout . But publicity and discussion on thiB us upon every other public »»d imjinitant question, is the proper means ol eliciting the truth. To the Editor of the Tasmania!! Daily News. Sir,— My attention having been called to « letter in ynui paper some days ago regarding tlie estimation in which Tasmanian flour is held in Melbourne, and neeing that your remark* are to some extent founled upon crroncnud prvtuiiics, I now seek to offer those obaervaiinis which n uIubu attention 10 the trade in question for the last twenty years enables me to give. In the first placo I must premise that the iiiffi culi.v of -i-n»i»g an accurate estimate nf flour merely from its appearance (s to great that few even of the moil experienced hands, either millers or bakers, can 111 rive at a just estimate of iis working and keeping qualities from mere exami nation, and that all confidence in patticular brands has lung since lioen destroyed by the unprincipled manner in which they have been pirated. So that liuyere are now mostly guided by tlie genera! reputation, whence comes the article in question, And as one section of the world seldom under estimates another without sufficient ciuse. 1 am Hatihfted this opinion (making every allowance for the usu which would naturally he made in any community of such a cry) is not far wrong. And the fact unfortunately cannot be denied that we have in our community some unprincipled men ; and a large proportion of those engaged in tho milling business on the north side of the island, go far us rcgaids cv-n (ho ordinary knowledge necessary satisfactorily to carry on the business, are entirely ignorant of both detail and general principles, each m essentially necessary in a pro cess uf so much nicety as that of making a hi st rata sample ol flour. I readily grant you that our latitude and cli mate are both most admirably adapted for the grosh of wheat, and that when our wheats are grown by the wealthy and scientific proprietors Upon lands well lilled' and drained, then we shall not rank second to any people upon the face of the earth in the growth of our cereals: but while wo have to submit to receive our eupplins of wheat mainly from the small tenant Inrmom, grown upon lands, I grant you, of the richest descrip tion of mil. or probably not divined at all, the surface timber not even removed, so that the ordi nary process of ventilation is inueh impeded, and the iirAturinff ullix-ts r( the sun almost wholly obstructed, added to which, an access of moisture which frequently obtains in the district* from whence our largost. *uppitcs aru received ; — the combined effect of thew icsult in the production of a line-looking, large, round, but soft and un malnred grain, containing a very largo pro|ortion of sUrch and orTal, but very little gluten, upon which mainly depends the strength and keeping quality of the flour. I fed quite BUtc that I am enrreot when I state that a largo prcipon inn of the ^Mii grown in our principal wheat districts dnca not contain more than from C 'o fl per cent of gluten, while the average ol Egyptian wheat i-nntsiim 21, Odessa 2d, and tho average of Prance and Prussia 22$. I have Jiol had an opportunity uf chemically tout ing the South Australian wheats, but from urn plea which 1 Imve seen tliero can bo no doubt but they are particularly rich ill this most Impor tunt and necessary ingredient for the making of good flour. Most of flic mills in South Australia are upon a Urge «cale, with machinory of the newest and best iwisible conntruetion, having patent dressing and Imlting machines, French sieves, &c;, all of which must be kept in perfect order or they are wholly useless. N hilo here, so long as Hie mills will trundle on, and the wheat Is broken down, it i« 110 mattei whether it is pounded or ground, no regard is paid to tiie modification of speed, eo es sentially necessary for different kinds of wheat, oh well as wheat in different conditions. Under such circumstances as these, there it no necessity to charge our neighbours with malpractices fur the mere sake of greed, for no ono can for a moment suppose that their object Is simply to do us an in jnstieo, and place a feather in the cap of the Ade laide millet'. Ho, the fault is at our own door, and I cannot but euggest that it would bo well if some of our woalthy farmers would bring to bear upon their own broad rich acres that skill and capital so much boasted of. But while such 1b not the case, and we have to got our wheat the boat way -rs em. aud often bad the btgt ; sod when wo fur ther take into consideration, as I have before Kiated ilia! many of the occupies of mills on the no'ilierii side nf (he island me wholly ignorant of the ait i'.1' willing, and the various qualities of wheat, we mum !-? content to bear the burthen of our jnally merited disgrace, as well an the Berious \n-i 10 which it subjects us. There arc many point* I should like to enlarge upon, but I am afraid I havo already ex hausted ymir patience, and will therefore con elude with tliu following short recorupien datSon-— CaiefuUy'hoth drain and clear your rich land. *noo down your lands with wheats that are rich in elulen. auch, as the red spring wheat, red straw ditK »ud, ,yje, velvet. frequently change vour seed. Po not let your grain stand too lpnj alter it is rip0. Nor. yet top long In the field after It Is cul, for,I have eoen wheat strike again in the nnfeket, in those humW climates to the westward, without being exposed to rain Above all, let your grain be .carefully housed and well cleaned ! I would .also venture to remark to amateur millers that they can never make a flint-rate saqipte pf flour fiom one sample or kind of wheat. hawerer goad it way be. All millstones of the diameter of 4 feet C inches or upwards should have nn heading loads, nut should lie divided into fifteen or sixteen shields, with furrow* running through, I c»nnot follow you through the various grades of rascality wliicli you describe to have been so rife with yoii, but I most heartily congratulate you upon the wholesome change fn your cdmtnuniry, and I can only deeply regret that such ifc not the cane in the colony generally, nor can 1 I'O|ie that such consummation can be brought about while that evil desire for gain overrule* all consideration for character, and credit is as cheap as the paper upon which hiltt are written, thus throwing bath character and capital into the shade. Your most obedient anil suffering servant, A Milled. The following commiimca'.ioa to the Courier (HobartTown)on this subject, which tR at pre sent of nil otheis, of importance, affecting as it does, the moral and religious interests of the colony ; citnhot be too seriouely considered by tlie colonists. The last piragraph particu larly bo. We publish it by it quest : — To the Editor of the Bohart Town Courier. SiB,— It seenm that a knot of dissenters at Laun ceston, seconded by that friend to his Church, Mr. T. D. Chapman, of Hobart Town, havo raised a cry about the voluntary principle ; and would, if f/iry could do it, takeaway all State Aidlomorrow. Not that I think they Iwvc the ghost of a chance of achieving Iliis pious and beneficial object, inas much as, oven if tlie present .Council and Assembly allowed such a proposal, which is not probable, the Queen would decline to ratify the Act, Qcr Ma jesty gave the Land Fund management to the 'jolony upon the stipulation that certain schedules appended to the Constitutional Act thould be maintained These schedules were made in order 10 carry out here ft wise maxim of liupe. ial policy, — namely, to protect for a generation in young co lonies certain executive ministrations. If, then, the Queen should Ite asked to ignore these schedules, or one of them. Hev Majesty would probably re mind tho applicants tiut they have no right to eat their cake and have it. If they violate her deliberate reservations, she is not liound to fulfil her compacts. The blame be upon those who break agreement*, and who would lono a great fish in order In ralrfi a smali one. I should like, Sir, to ask these Tooley-strect agitatow,— tlieee foxes, who have lost their tails, and who want to drag eveiy one down to the same level as themselves,— a few questions. Where is tlie majority which they represent? How many towns and villages have said that thoy want the Clergyman'.) income from Govern ment taken away. Is there any apparent probability of seven-tenths of tho average residents in town or country volun tarily aiding to 6Up|mrt religion ? What is tlie moral, and therefore (lie giceaile, condition of the bulk of the people here ? Hai the Srwcntation Fund meccerled or failed? If the Cleigy are starved out, who will administer the Sacraments, baptize the children, visit the nick, and bury tbe dead ? I»to whose hindfl, if the Clergy are starved out, will— what some people oall— religion fall ? Into whwe hands do these Jttnrf friendi to the Church wish It to fall? Did tbe leaders of the Free Chnrch movement in Scotland approve of the voluntary system ? For my part, Sir, — or, as old Gravina's pet phrftse hath it, ut men f-rt opinio,—\\( these cant ing haters nf the Anglican Church were to be se riously listened to, and Dn'h' crude and invidious notions adopted, there would ensue-for some thirty yeara or more in this colon.y, in a!l out-of-tho way places, such a fearful state of reprobation and li centious abandonment, as would astonish and shock the failings of every Christian man within a thousand miles of us. I remain, Sir, Vour obedient Sci-vanr, SriECTATOB. 