COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. MR. MARTIN on a recent occasion expressed his sur- prise that a certain member should so frequently echo in the House the sentiments of a certain newspaper. I learn from the Month that Mr. Martin is a family man, and am, therefore, astonished that he should have made such a remark. Did he never notice how little children try to talk,--invariably repeating their inarticulate splutterings, which, however odious and meaningless to other ears, please those of the nursery nuisances who utter them simply because they made them? And what is the honourable member to whom I allude but the cross baby, the spoilt child of the Assembly? Now he whimpers because the Chairman of Committees won't listen to him, although--like a youngster plucking at his nurse's gown--he has tried "ever so many times" to "catch his eye." Anon, in reply alike to Ministerial menaces, Cross Benches coaxing, and Opposition ridicule, he sullenly shuffles his shoulders, and intimates that he won't be good. And presently he aims a spiteful blow at some un- senatorial bystander whom he suspects--with great justice--of having laughed at him; and being checked in his passionate vagaries, turns round to slap the hand that held him. Who can help laughing at such infan- tine imbecility? The hon. gentleman's reputation for folly has become imperial. He has the honour of being sneered at even in England--vide the Morning Post. In some American tale I have met with the follow- ing choice display of negro oratory:--"Me 'spise yer, Pompey! No, me not 'scend to 'spise yer! Debbil hisself too good to 'spise dat nigger!" I was reminded of the last emphatic clause, whilst reading the report of a late Tasmanian "scene" in which Mr. Gregson is represented as having stated that the Colonial Trrasurer was "too contemptible even for his contempt." If this is true, the Colonial Treasurer must, indeed, he a sorry fellow: but I rather wonder that Mr. Gregson should have thought fit to assert the fact with a force so little flattering to himself. He makes no pretensions, I believe, to proficiency in the retort courteous; still it is strange, considering his life-long practice, that he should have made such a mull of a discourteous rejoinder. Evil communications from Hobart Town begin to corrupt Sydney good manners; or, perhaps, I should say to intensify the vulgarity of a bearing never re- markable for urbanity. The hon. member for Long- mans, like the hon. member for Murray, is very fond of the sound of his own voice, and when "out of" constitutional history and statistics, not unfrequentlv favours the House with a little of what, in the case of an individual not circled with the divinity which doth hedge a senator, would be denominated blackguard- ism. But M.P.'s abuse, however unchristian, is, in one respect, like the Prayer Book-- published cum privilegio Parliamenti. Defending his friend Mr. John Camphell's oratorical monopoly of "oh, ohs," the vituperative member I refer to objected to a sprinkling of "interjections" with which Mr. Donaldson spiced a recent debate, but thought it quite becoming to characterise Mr. Donaldson's arguments as "balder- dash;" substituting for this elegant expression when called to order--"nonsense." I don't see that the change, so far as substance is concerned, much bettered the matter; and I think with Mr. Donaldson, that it would he well to allow this very refined speaker for the future to indulge unchecked in his drayman's dialect. The feelings of those whom he asperses would thus be snared; since, without a translation into more civi lised, if not less uncivil phrases, gentlemen would find such language quite unintelligible. For Mr. "Correspondent," or Mr. anybody else in New South Wales, to attempt to teach Mr. Deniehy how to criticise poetry is, in my humble opinion, \--barring the fact that, in the contemptuous sense of the word, there is none of the "granny" about my genial and gifted friend--an effort strictly analogous to the proverbial one of instructing one's grandmother in the operation of sucking eggs; for (as the Yankees say) I believe it's generally allowed that there isn't another man in the colony whose poetical reading is so exten- sive, and whose poetical taste is so exquisitely delicate as Mr. Deniehy's. Still he didn't put the "hall mark" on the whole of Mr. Harpur's poetry, and I cannot help thinking that that gentleman has hardly acted fairly towards his eulogist in exhibiting, as specimens of his mettle, such bits of Albata plate as the "Nevers of Poesy," "Contemporary Praise," and "Blindness to Merit," so soon after the lecture with which his Muse was honoured. They seem to me--pace amici mei, be it spoken--sad jumbles of doggerel and conceit. If Mr. Harpur possessed no more merit than these pieces ma- nifest, the world's inability to discover it would be a very excusable blindness. Mr. Harpur, no doubt, has written many beautiful--very beautiful passages and lines, if not entire poems; but what is the good of flying into a rage and calling every one who has failed to recognise their love- liness a "donkey?" Self-assertion is, I am aware, a colonial virtue (brass and brag being, so far as I can discover, the real meaning of that vague phrase of recommendation, "colonial ex- perience"); but, here, as elsewhere, I am inclined to think, modest patience, when it has good grounds for its waiting hope, will, in the long run, wear the crown. It is the dwarf who stands on tiptoe, proclaiming with bantam-like crows his prowess. Mr. Harpur not being a dwarf, I don't like to see him playing the Sir Geoffrey Hudson. Whatever I may think of the poetry of Mr. Harpur's "Nevers," I must say that one of them embodies an admirable precept:-- "And never,--if you'd rather not provoke, Some grinning critic's always frosty joke, Endeavour to transmute by dint of rhyme Mere brickbats into diamonds sublime." What hosts of jokes--which, if "frosty," possessed, perhaps, the ice-like property of making the man who felt them tingle--would the author of a sonnet on "The Home of a Birmingham Artisan Twenty Years Ago," have been spared, if he had acted on this counsel! To prevent this infatuated individual whose lyrics, and not Mr. Michael's, ought to have been christened "Songs without Music"--from ever again displaying, to his own shame and the disgust of everybody, his poetical nakedness, I beg to call his at- tention to the following extract from Carlyle:-- "Whatsoever is not sung is properly no poem, but a piece of prose cramped into jingling lines,--to the great injury of the grammar, to the great grief of the reader, for the most part! What we want to get at is the thought the man had, if he had any: why should he twist it into jingle, if he could speak it out plainly? It is only when the heart of him is rapt into true passion of melody, and the very tones of him, according to Coleridge's remark, become musi- cal by the greatness, depth, and music of his thoughts, that we can give him right to rhyme and sing; that we call him a Poet, and listen to him as the Heroic of Speakers--whose speech is Song. Pretenders to this are many; and to an earnest reader, I doubt, it is for most part a very melancholy, not to say insupportable business, that of reading rhyme! Rhyme that had no inward necessity to be rhymed; it ought to have told us plainly, without any jingle, what it was aiming at. I would advise all men who can speak their thought, not to sing it; to understand that, in a serious time, among serious men, there is no vocation in them for singing it. Pre- cisely as we love the true song, and are charmed by it as by something divine, so shall we hate the false song, and account it a mere wooden noise, a thing hollow, superfluous, altogether an insincere and offensive thing." That is to say, we shall wish Murmurs of the Stream like all shams--with the Father of Shams, the Devil. As I am on the topic of colonial poetry, I cannot resist the temptation of calling an anthology from an epicedian song--far more remarkable than Lycidas or In Memoriam--contained in the last number of the Mudgee Newspaper. "The sun had just set as I put on my hat And went forth to walk and to muse on the flat," says the Mudgee mourner, but as he immediately afterwards intimates that the real subject of his musings was his deceased friend, "B.," the conclusion of the couplet can scarcely be considered complimentary. Standing beside B------'s grave, he thus apostro- phises its inmate. I ought, however, to give the in- troductory passage: "As I leaned on the railing of soft river gum, Which supported the pailing that guarded his tum, I murmured, 'Ah! B-------, how low art thou laid, That intellect's gone and that body decayed Which stations has planned out and fences has raised, On which their beholders with wonder have gazed. Those hands, too, which never through sloth did relax From morning till night their grasp of the axe, And which, too, could handle the wedges and maul, And the spade or the shovel, and saws big or small, And work with the chisel, the plane, or the square, And make a new table, a stool, or a chair; Their strength is now blasted, their vigour decayed-- The axe, maul, and wedges, the shovel and spade, And the chisel and square, and long smoothing plane, Are tools thou'll ne'er work with or handle again.' If the dead are conscious of what is said over them, Mr. B------- must have felt a wish to he able to handle a whip again, when his professed friend thus proceeded to impugn his post mortem veracity-- "Though nine years and more thou hast lied in thy grave."-- In the next three lines the poet identifies, with the originality of genius, the symbol with the thing symbolised-- "Thy works still continue the weather to brave; Unmoved and unshaken, as emblems they stands Of the strength of thy works and the skill of thy hands." It would have been an opportune reminiscence if the bard had now called to mind a couplet in Gray's Elegy. "No farther seek his merits to disclose, Or draw his frailties from their dread abode;" but with the following unprecedented strain of blended praise and blame this unique production terminates: "Thou in book learning wast never profound, Yet thy thoughts and ideas in general were sound. The notions of right, too were good though not strong, For a weak resolution did oft lead thee wrong. Thy dealings in common were true and upright, For pure sterling honesty was thy delight; Thou was honest to man, to maiden, and wife, And 'to give and take' was thy motto through life; Yet though thy virtues were both many and rare, Of Australia's worst vive thou, alas! hadst thy share; Thou wast fond of the bottle--that cause of all strife-- It first ruined thy health and then cost thee thy life: It was liquor--strong liquor--that maddened thy brain, And urged thee to race thy wild mare o'er the plain, etc., etc., etc." Heaven grant that "R. Stevenson" (the author of these tasteful lines) may never sing my dirge!--or, at all events, that be may not be acquainted with my bio- graphy, if he should strike the lyre above my tum! Even the melody of his verses would hardly reconcile me to such a reproduction of my peccadilloes. The editor of the Mudgee Newspaper, with great propriety, entitles "B------'s Grave" "ORIGINAL POETRY;" but I fancy his subscribers would consider it an improvement if, instead of favouring them with such original poetry as this, he were to republish the lyrics of Mr. Cohen's Laureate, even though he does talk about Sweet summer, vernal season of delight. I have seen some awful rubbish in the "Poet's Corner" of English provincial papers, but, verily, Mr. Steven- son beats the most execrable county-bard of the old country, in fancy, phrase, and feeling, by a long chalk. B-----'s surviving relatives have great cause to love his immortaliser. I clip the following from the Ulladulla correspond- ence of the Illawarra Mercury:-- A GHOST STORY.--For the last three weeks, the most terrifying and strange sounds have been heard to issue from a swamp near here, known as the Big Hole Furm, occupied by Mr. Berry. The voice resembles that of a humun being in great agony and pain, and can be heard at the distance of three miles. It never cries more than three or four times at once, then in quick succession, and at about midnight or an hour or two before sunrise. It very very often is heard to only cry out once at a time. Be this as it may, those parties residing within three or four miles of the swamp are unable to rest at night time for its strange unearthly howlings, and assert it is an apparition raising its voice as a warning to us to avoid some impending evil. Others assure us it is the cry of a large bird, and that it was heard proceeding from the same spot about twelve years ago. However, there it is, and its cries are annoying and amazing to those in the neighbourhood. Some stout men with stout hearts intend, in a few evenings to come, to visit the swamp for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the being or bird which emits these strange and awful sounds. What plucky people they must be at Ulladulla to listen, in the first instance, to a "voice resembling that of a human being in great agony and pain," with- out making any effort to discover and relieve the pos- sible sufferer. What very "stout hearts" must those "stout men" have who require a month to screw up their courage, at last, to the searching point. My own impression is that the mysterious "being or bird,"-- birds, be pleased to observe, are not beings--will turn out to be a patriarchal bull-frog. What fun it would be to see the corpulent heroes of Ulladulla marching down, with lighted torches, to the dismal swamp; their pendulous double-chins and projecting paunches quivering like blancmange, and their fat cheeks as pale! "Prophet!" cry they, "thing of evil!--prophet still, if bird or devil! Whether tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore, Desolate yet all undaunted, in this Big-Hole Farm enchanted, In this swamp by Horror haunted--tell us truly, we implore-- Wilt thou cut thy stick and leave us!--do, now do, now, we im- plore!" Quoth the Bull-frog, "Quaw-quaw-quaw!" I wish in this unlegendary land--with a prosaic "Fisher's Ghost" for its sole mythology--a genuine goblin could be stumbled on somewhere. Having a corner left, I will fill it up with a query. Settlers intending to be present at the Christmas Camp Meeting on the Parramatta Road, are requested, per advertisement, to "yoke their cattle and put on their beds." Does this mean by way of blouse or paletot? However original such a style of dress might be, it strikes me that it would be rather oppres- sive for summer wear. December 7th. 