THE THREATENED COMET. PROFESSOR MAGRINI, of Milan, publishes in the Milan Gazette of the 23rd, a dissertation on the probability of a collision of the earth with a comet. After giving a general and popular description of Comets and of their matter, as far as science has been enabled to ascertain its nature, he mentions the nearest approach of a comet to the earth ever recorded, which occurred in 1832, when Biela'a comet actually crossed the earth's orbit at a point which the earth reached a month later; but by that time the comet was already at a distance of 20,000,000 of miles. The professor then referred to Olber's calculation, showing that the probability of our earth's collision with a comet is in the ratio of 1 to 281,000,000; and then replied to the argument that, however small the probability that does not exclude the possibility of such a catastrophe in our time. The matter of comets, he observed, is so extremely thin that stars are seen through their tails or comas, twinkling with their accustomed brightness, and that, according to some astronomers, even the nucleus of a comet is transparent. Hence, even sup- posing a shock to occur it would be so extremely slight that most probably we should not be aware of it. If the mass of comets were considerable, their attractive power must be manifested by causing tides, as the-moon does; and as such phenomena have never been observed during the time comets were visible, this is a certain proof of the smallness of their masses. M. Magrini next confuted all the popular errors respecting the influence of comets on the sea- sons, the harvests, &c;, and then said :- 'But might not one of those immense tails, four or five millions of leagues in breadth, and forty or fifty millions of leagues in length, invade our atmosphere ? Might not the attraction of the earth draw a portion of them towards us ? Astronomy does not authorise us to deny the possibility of such an occurrence, and its effects would depend upon the nature and abund- ance of the new matter ; certain it is, however, that we have not had occasion as yet to record any event of the kind; and the connection which some have attempted to establish between the apparition of comets and the motion of the heavenly bodies being without any reasonable foundation, it would not be wise to entertain any apprehension of what at best is but a mere possibility.' M. Babinet, of the Institute, in a scientific article in the Debats, denies that the comet of Charles V. ought to be positively expected this year. He says : " It must be declared that never was the panic, felt by some persons in Paris, at the supposed approach of a comet, more gratuitous than at present. Positive science does not announce any extraordinary phe- nomenon. Of the four comets whose movements are known with certainty by astronomers not one will appear this year, and their course, perfectly mapped out, shows them to be very inoffensive bodies. I have just learned from the illustrious Lord Brougham that our moral cholera has not penetrated into Eng- land, and that no apprehension is felt in that country at the idea of the comet appearing. And now let me just say a word or two respecting that luminary which astronomers expect between 1856 and 1860. When, in 1680, Fontenelle was writing his little comedy of the comet, which would almost seem to have been made for the middle of the nineteenth century, Newton and Halley applied the theory of attraction to the movements of these eccentric lumi- naries, and realised the prediction of Seneca: - 'Posterity will be astonished that we could have been ignorant of such simple matters !' Since that time, all serious alarm has disappeared before the know- ledge of the laws which regulate the movement of these light nebulosities, and when afterwards the telescope showed us comets to be a collection of mat- ter a thousand times, a million of times a million mil- lion of times less compact than the air in which we live, it was no longer possible to feel alarm physically at a comet more than at a ghost, for one has not much more consistence than the other. Halley, who studied and published his discoveries in Newton's time, endeavoured to find out if amongst all the comets mentioned by historians there was not some one which had returned at fixed periods, so as to show that the same body came back towards the sun, after having departed from it and been long, in- visible. His investigation proved successful, as the comet of 1682 offered several successive advents, and Halley, after having predicted its return in 1759, ex- pressed a hope that if his prediction proved successful the discovery should be fairly attributed to an English- man. Posterity confirmed his claim when the comet again made its appearance in that year. Dunthorne and Pingre, following the course of investigation pointed out by Halley, had remarked that a very brilliant comet, which had appeared in 1264, re- sembled exceedingly in its march that which had so alarmed Charles V. in 1556. They attributed to that comet a period of nearly three hundred years, and predicted its return in 1848. All the compilers of astronomical books, with Lulande at their head, duly unregistered this return of a heavenly visitor, coming every three centuries to see how the earth was progressing. But in 1848 no comet appeared ! As that of Halley had been retarded in its reappearance in 1759, the world took patience ; but one year, two, and even three passed over, and still no comet came ! In 1851, Sir John Herschel, in his ' Outlines of Astronomy,' wrote as follows :- Although at the moment when I write, the comet which was to appear in 1848 has not yet been seen, we must wait at least another year before looking on its recurrence as a desperate affair, for the effect of planetary perturbations can cause infinitely greater discordances than that.' Recently these perturbations have been the subject of calculations, and M. Romme, of Middleberg, in Zealand, has done for that comet what Clairaut and his fellow labourers had effected for Halley's in 1759. M. Romme has calculated a delay of ten years from the effects of the planets Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus Neptune, the Earth, Venus, and Mars. But there remains an uncertainty of two years, more or less, as to its next return, which otherwise would take place in 1858. Thus the comet ought to reappear between the present time and 1860 ; but nothing whatever authorises any one to affirm that it is to come this year more than in 1858, or in 1859, or in 1860. All we know is, that by the last-named year we shall behold it.' 