:f& f ii t n g. The following should hare aspeared a day or two since, but was crowded out from press of other matter : The resolution passed by the Court on Thursday, calling upon the mining surveyors to resign office and their books into the hands of the Court, has caused some little stir among a few of the Knights of the Theodolite, inas I much as the resolution was uuex i pecteJ, and its authority dubious. The surveyors have no legal appointment if it be not from the Governor, we pre- sume ; and if they have that appoint- ment, he only can call for a resigna- tion. And what the Court can meditate in reference, to a re-appointment for districts, it would be difficult to deter- mine, unless they are anxious, b fore j their demise, to have the recommend- j ! ing of a batch of officers for guberna i torial approval. As to the resigna- ! ' tions, were we a surveyor, we should hesitate about doing anything of the | sort ; and as to the surrender of the hooks, we should be desirous to pro- pose a little talk about it, prior to parting with property necessary to the hourly conduct of business. In some cases, we believe the surveyors will be unable to comply, seeing that the books are not their own property. It would seem that the Court were resolved upon giving up the ghost in a thunder- clap or a storm, hy attempting to bring about a state of disorganisation in the survey department as a sort af pen- : dant to their own dissolution. The transition from one regime to another will be attended with quite sufficient inconvenience and loss to the miner, we should thin lc, without tbe addition of any unnecessary disorder, and until it pleases the gentlemen of the court to put the public in possession of some satisfactory reasons for the extraor-i dinary resolution in question, we sha be disposed to regard the motion as ot 1 of little claim upon our support ac recommendation. That immortal person who does tl extraordinary for the suburban pro] pectors, has added to his laurels li some recent correspondence with Ú Board of Land and Works, touchi the grant of water-races from LP Burrambeet. While the commun;» tious of the Local Court have Ju j snubbed, this eminent individúalas been duly informed by the Board/at permission will not be given to "jun the lake" for the behoof of Carrfini and other sluicers. But indepjent of anything the Board in MelBrne may or may not do, it appears ti the laws of hydrostatics are agaii the consummation of the scheme* the numerous Burrambeet-cuinprng ham sluicing companies infsi or " tn futuro.1' If report J true, the ardent projectors of theie-cut ting enterprises, have recentfearned that the levels are against tn, and that unless the waters of tHake can be persuaded to run up hillie whole thing is commercially anjpysically impracticable. Since -tfing the above, the Chairman of tlPourt has received a communicator from the Government to the effect that the Court has no power to grant any I water privileges. Thus the Court has at last been placed on a level with Mr Benson in the matter of information. 