MY PIPE. BY A LOUNGER IN SYDNEY. I DISCOVERED the other day--not without pleasure-- that, in one respect, I strikingly resemble the Poet Laureate. Alfred Tennyson is a tremendous smoker: So am I. But what man is there fit for anything who is not a smoker? Ex fumo dare lucem is the rule for genius-- always excepting the fascinating but unfumigant Frank Fowler, who radiates the brilliancy without having previously blown the cloud. Most moral, most intellectual, of agencies is tobacco \--soothing the ruffled spirit into Halcyon calm, stimu- lating the sluggish brain into Titanic vigour. How much of our literature--especially of the manly and the metaphysical--do we owe to the pipe! Many a noble page breathes forth its fragrance--delicious is the hawthorn's breath. Wrapt in its vapour, as in Delphic exhalations, the philosopher uttereth oracles! I stumbled the other day on an historian of Hispa- niola, a Vox ex Insula, who, like our own Vox e Deserto, was wicked enough to abuse tobacco--asserting that the West Indian caciques smoked themselves stupid, and had then to be carried by their wives to bed. The calumny, like a branded liar, bears its refutation on its face. Smoke one's self stupid, indeed! Why, the very reason that the maligners of the "Holy Herb" are so stupid, is because they don't smoke! "Farewell to Tobacco!"--Nay, nay, dear Eliza! Anacreon-like, thou hadst to sing its praise, even whilst striving to stammer out an unavailing Vale to its fascinations. Man was born to smoke (recent phre- nologists have proved it --there is a craniological de- velopment that craveth Cavendish): then, wherefore, struggle against so sweet a destiny? 'Tis, of all, the duty easiest to convert into a delight--and before I write another word, I'll light my pipe. Black, but comely--swarthy and glossy as an Æthiop belle! Permit me, ma chere, to become your friseur, and recurl those locks of Negro-head. Law, how they frizzle! Why, bless me, love, they've turned to auburn! Puff, puff, puff,-- and now they're gray! In curious convolutions as- cend the aromatic fumes (I do repent me of my bar- barous metaphor), evanishing like dreams. Their odour lingers still like memories of joy. How exqui- site a thrill--ecstatic as the shiver that followeth the kiss of thy beloved Polly--trembles along the nerves in waves of bliss! To 'Baccy, Celestial Pipe, all hail! Blow your cigars--or rather, don't blow them, I say. Pretenders to the art, mere boyish amateurs, smoke weeds--dallying with their Manilas, even as puppy- like, they flirt with maidens. In neither case do they intend to link their fates--to share the chances and the changes of this mortal life--with those with whom they trifle. The true smoker, for better, for worse, weddeth his pipe, and never wea- rieth of her company, loving her all the better, indeed, when Time hath streaked her cheeks--once white as snow, spotless as Spring's first lilies! What departed wife leaveth a more disconsolate widower? No bride is oftener pressed to lips of faithful lord. That type most genuine of the genuine smoker, Her Teufelsdröckh, in his high room in the Wahngasse, or in the Grunen Ganse coffee-house, of Weissnichtwo, would sit "whole days to think--and smoke tobacco." Some men, I know, are polypipists, and keep harems of meerschaums, hookahs, chibouques, narguiles, Milo's cutties--no end of beauties foreign and domes- tic. I, am a strict monogamist. My wife is Dutch, a portly dame, and hails from Gouda, where, as per- chance I need not tell my reader, the cows obese wear bed-tick petticoats. I fell in with her five years ago in Wapping. A Cape merchant, a kind friend of mine, "gave her away"--from a huge lot that he was about to ship for Cape Town. Since then, like Ulysses, I have seen the cities, and known the mind, of many men; but my Penelope was ever with me. Over many a sea, in three out of the five quarters of the globe (as the Irish geography- books have it), have we travelled together. ["N.B.--This pompous announcement simply means that he has been in France, and has touched at the Cape--like other great travellers out here, he's sadly given to brag. He smokes me, and I return the com- pliment."--PIPE loquitur.] Let me summon up a few recollections of the places in which I have smoked the pipe that now I own. Supinus in herbâ, in one of thy many rose-filled, strawberry bearing gardens, dear old Colchester, town of the good oysters, bad pavements, and ugly women (but in that last clause the proverb lies--for lovely are thy daughters); girt round with their old wall of Roman brick, like veteran with tattered sash; sprinkled with venerable ruin of castle, of priory, of abbey; studded with churches, new-spired or steeple- less, still telling of the siege long, long ago! And on thy stream, floating in solitary punt from mill to mill, shaded by pollards that look like monster broomsticks smitten with melancholy memories of spring, suggested by the deep, green, ring-cupped grass surging up like a flood around their boles; or bound for a pic-nic in the little Dart, freighted with pretty girls (all matrons now, I fear), dropping down beneath the whispering wood of Wivenhoe, where first the Colne begins to put on swaggering, sea-going airs;--past the big, black collier-brigs that eye the tiny sprat-boats with such supreme disdain;--between the Sestos and Abydos of that Hellespont, Fingrinhoe, and the village from which the wood takes its name, with its grave old church, multiplicity of bow-win- dowed public-houses, oyster-pits, and amphibious population; along the monotonous "sea-wall" on which stand bullocks of morose aspect, that look as if they would like to toss us for enjoying ourselves whilst they are fattening there for beef;--past the anchored guard-boat;--past the rolling buoy--naughty buoy! it reels as if it were drunk, with many a musical scream from lips so rosy in the wind's fresh kiss that one gets jealous of the wind--out into the German ocean, heaving in emerald set in seething foam! In railway carriages, on the sly, to the indignation of the guard, who puts his breeze-blouz'd face--his whiskers powdered with small particles of coal- dust-- in through the window at every station, fruitlessly re-enunciating his very correct impression that "some gen'l'man has been a smokin';"-- between dripping cuttings, stern with out-cropping rock, along rampart like embankments, over heron-legged viaducts;-- through mile-long tunnels, in which even the light that steals down the dismal shafts blanches through fear of the surrounding gloom, and shrinks from spreading; wherein the whistle shrieks, like a lost spirit in reverberated anguish; a million mammoth dray horses seem trotting, shod with brass, upon the iron road: and, ever and anon, the train appears to be rushing backwards, terror-stricken by its own infernal clamour;--out into the sunny air again, beneath the arch over which peer specimens of "young Rusticity," half-stifled by the cloud of damp and sulphury vapour the engine puffs into their throats and nostrils;--crash, bang through the bridges, whose blurred lines of mortar and dancing masonry make the head dizzy and the stomach sick--racing the telegraph wires that gallop along like greyhounds, and take the white posts with a flying leap, past haymakers, or harvesters, or hop-pickers, in fields and meadows that seem running round; staring boors, perched, with drawn-up knees, on mossy gates; and startled cattle, contorting their tails most absurdly in their clumsy flight. An hour ago far away in the quiet country, disturbing for a moment the solitary silence of orchard-buried vil- lagers, their whitewashed, honeysuckled cottages, clustering around the grey and ivied church like children nestling in their grandame's skirts, security in all their happy faces--now hurrying over suburban gardens, whose dreary, smoke-dried shrubs, and me- lancholy cabbages the clanking machinery appears to taunt with a monotonous "Veg-e-tate, veg-e-tate, if you can, if you can!"--next catching glimpses of attic toilettes and bedroom breakfasts, as the train shoots along the parapetted arches, through a chaos of sooty roofs and tottering chimney- stacks, pigeon-traps, scarlet runners, brewers' boards resplendent in blue and gold, factory chimneys belch- ing forth their coils caliginous, and warehouses built like Babel, up to Heaven. Wh e-e-e-e-e-eew! Whe-e-e-e-e-ew! Tickets have been taken by bump- tious, moustached gentlemen in uniform, who fancy themselves, in some vague manner, in the "Guards" \--bells ring, telegraphs extend their wooden arms like tragedians at our approach, dropping them languidly when we have passed--green-coated officials wave flags insanely, or gravely shoulder the staves like muskets, and raise their right hands to their foreheads in military salute. Green-jacketed ditto potter at those mysterious "switches," the function of which appears to be the infliction of bumps and jolts on pas- sengers. "Breaks" are screwed down, causing un- pleasant tinglings in an unmentionable portion of the frame of second-class traveller--the light dims sud- denly as the train rolls slowly beneath the terminus's iron-girdled roof--a wave of porters, policemen, pick- pockets, and waiting friends swells, mounts, and dashes itself with a running ripple along the carriages--yonder loom through the raw, yellow fog the omnibuses and cabs--we are in London! In "Coal-hole" or "Cider Cellars," puffing away in self-defence, Chief Baron Nicholson presides--Sam Hall is sung. The air is redolent of brandy, rum, gin, porter, and the Cambrian coney. Waiters, with fitful gleams of glass and pewter, flit spectral through the mist like--if there could be such a thing--that of a dry washing-day. Old men with noses like masses of bruised mulberries and aspen hands--the hoary sin- ners!--the middle-aged roué --the fast young man-- women in gaudy garments, who, buy their blushes by the cake--here and there a wondering neophyte with country air and mother's kiss still fresh upon his cheek \--there are the company, enjoying "Life," as they are pleased to call it. Foul atmosphere and fouler entertainment--with what satisfaction must a "Cave of Harmony" habitué say VIXI! In a London square, blending in the soft summer air the breath of Gouda with the fragrance of the lilacs, the moonlight silvers even grimy London house fronts into beauty, and makes even grim knocker lion-heads look mild. On what myriads of tombstones, standing dim beside the graves like risen ghosts, that light pours down! The quarters peal out in the silence like the audible pulse of time! But Carlyle has written Night Thoughts in a Great City--and who shall attempt what he has touched? Read Sartor Resartus, book 1, chap, iii, my friend! In the Champs Elysées, blending the breath of Gouda with anything but that of lilacs--the odious odour of French cigars--believed, not without reason, to be made of ditch water congealed. But the lights twinkle through the trees upon a hundred merry shows, watched by many a hundred pair of merry eyes. Even the limonadière, toiling along with that remark- able machine of hers, looks pleased--perhaps, because her toil will soon be over. Even the sulky little sun- burnt soldier in those baggy pantaloons of his, evi- dently blushing at the badness of their cut, relaxes into a smile--clearly ring from the white- and-gold orchestras the voices of the singers--I wish, ma mig- nonne in muslin --excuse my pipe--I could hear more frequently a silvery tinkle in that box of yours, wherein you collect the offerings of your not very liberal al fresco auditory! But see, that worthy bourgeois is re- galing his wife, her sister, and himself, with what we should call a nobbler of brandy. Two bites at a cherry! Three nips from a nobbler! How strong their grog must be! What can you expect from a people who indulge in potations of such potency? At sea, in the maintop with a bottle of Bass, looking down upon the motley morning scene on deck. Flirtations and card-playing on the poop; here and there a pair of quiet chess-players, or a languid student hardly keeping up even the sham of reading--boys larking, idlers lounging, on the booms--a fair- haired, fair-cheeked child sitting beside a sailor with a face of tan, watching the process of sail-making, and curiously examining the "palm," with a manifest impression that it is a portion of his companion's skin, a little blacker than the rest. At noon, when the seams sweat tar, and the flying-fish flash like silver shafts as they shoot through the air, saturated with sunlight, as it seems; and one envies the broad-winged albatross, able as it is to fold those spreading vans, and cool its downy bosom in the sapphire waters. At night, when the galley-fire blazes out in the ebon gloom, and the white-crested waves astern, untiring, follow the flying ship, like wolves hounding Mazeppa; or the moon rises in beauty, and turns barque and sea and sky into a lovely dream. Among the red-lichened rocks of Table Mountain, on the oak-shaded Wynberg road, under the vines at Constantia, in dusty Cape Town, dustier Melbourne, dustiest Sydney. In the lonely bush, where the air is almost as frag- rant as my Gouda's breath at dawn, where, during the day, the solitary flowers smile so patiently in the sultry heat; where, at eve, a far-off cloud above the tree-tops tells of the returning flock, and, at night, the camped- out traveller's fire winks sullenly as eye of drowsy lion. In these places, and in many a place beside, have I smoked my darling--alas! alas! I shall never smoke her more! she hath fallen from my lips, and lies in fragments on the floor. Peace to her ashes! Fondly shall I embalm her memory, and place it in the choicest chamber of my heart; but it is not good for man to be alone--I must take unto myself another wife! R. R. 