LOST IN THE BUSH. BY CHARLES HARPUR. Lost in the Bush-the night approaching fast, And around loudening a cold-breathing blast;- Fancy the thing ! Then mark you, settler Will Severely conning yon peculiar hill. To learn at length this lesson of dismay, Told bluntly-" William, thou hast gone astray !" At this he backward hastes, intent to find Some prospect move familiar to his mind. How puzzling 'tis ! still stranger seems to grow The backward scene o'er which he hurries so : Whereat Will mutters, as he scans the ground, " Dang it ! the world is surely twisted round!" Then, with a sudden jerk, the anxious swain Turns, just to contemplate that hill again, Which was the first to warn him, as he thought. That his bush-instinct had been napping caught. But which is which ? A dozen summits lie As like as eggs against the twilight sky, And it amongst them. With a tart surprise Will opes his mouth at this, and eke his eyes! Squats on his hams, and strains his neck, thus bent, And this way bobs his head, and that,-intent To put the pleasant fact to final test:- Which done, he draws a long breath, muttering,-" Well, I'm blest !" ln short he's lost : and seeing that the night Will be a wild one, he (as well he might) Scratches his head, and much that member loads With execrations : " What ! forsake the roads For shorter cuts, so near the day's decline, Alongst hills and brushes ?-Drat this head o' mine! The dark is settling round as thick as mire, The bush too 's roaring like a world on fire ! I am not one much given to foolish frights, And far too knowing to believe in sprites ; But such a night in such a cursed place Might well nigh put one in a raving case : And somewhere here, for certain it is said, The Blacks have burial-Oh, this silly head! Besides, Peg may forget to bed the sow, Big Bess, that is so near her pigging now ; Nor can she by herself, with all her care, Secure tho staok from that downdactous mare ; Or pen those rascally cairos un from tho kino I muet regain tho road I-Oh, this thieu, head o' mino 1" ' Thus bringing into caialoguo his woos, On, dogg d and desperate, he at random goes. Ah. »"Ill, dame Fortuno surely owes thoo spite 1 lliy blazing hearth sholl kuow theo not to-night ! Vainly thy Veg now watohos for her Will To loom in sight upon tho 'oustomod hill, Ilms saying to horsolf with gosturo grim, " He s boozing Bomewbore-but I'll givo lt him!" Arid just os vainly dost thou onward toil, Dismally cooeying all the woary while, Ami wish-how kind 1 that thoa bad'st thors with the lily nolghbour Wilson-jun far campari*/. - '. , ", Now tbiokest glooms Wank every forest path, And Uko a large Cyolopio oyo in wrath, Ono only star glares rodly down, os soen two huddled masaos or dark olouds botweon. Tiloso dork olouds streaking as ho flops along, Ibo owl pours foiward lilsfunoreal song: Hounds uf strange waters through tho turmoil vast Of tho dark woods, da-h ovor in tho blast ; Or tho lank dingo's long and woary ory Comos wildly wailing from so ino cavort nigh; Stnrtlngly noar, ond Bpectrc- llkoto soo, Bliarp-shriokiug squirrels Kl rea in from treo to troo ; Hooked high in the old gum, the opossum sways, A noat-llko lump, amid tho hanging sprays, till craning outward through tho gusty dark, Ila neolds his follow In tho iron-bark; ' pr tho spare carlows, from all points that throng In nightly revol tho dim glados among, I hoir ominous orlos glvo upward to tim galo, As ghosts about soma Boeno of murder wall : Or tho wild oat, with broatli-siispoiidlng rush. Whisks, Imp-llko, from somo goblln-featurod bush ; Or startled kangaroos, diirk-houndlng high, Opino Uko a troop of shadowv devils hy I Ah! Will, such Jionr may well thy spirit grlovo Most wo.hogono, unlucky son of Evo! Worn out at last, ho throws him down,-and sloop ibero finds him, collod liosldo n hlaaehlng heap or drlrtod leaves, that puttoi-lngly alight I-rom tho hoarso blast-whllo ladou with Its might, Hugo troos sway solomuly o'or tho unconscious wight. But now, when Night, u limping hog, hor abados Had westward drawn, and groy hod grown tho glades, Stung into partial consciousness 'twould soom By tho inoroaslng cold, ho droams a droam. A banished man, far and alono, ho faro». Neath polar sklos, monacod by holds of boors ! ulganlio fellows, sbagg'd with loo, and grim, And fully hont upon digesting him ! Boglus tho onslaught ! horriblo his fright I O reat his dospalr I yet ho maintains tho light ! lint Just an in tho Btrlfo a leg is lost. ( I bat luckless log most bitten hy tho frost), Swoatlng nnd wild, ho wakos.' His fnoo forlorn Mrst rubb'il, ha looks, and hulls tho wlBliod-for morn: Thou soans tho unknown soono with rueful ayes, And folds lils arms, and shakos his hoad, and sighs : Who» hark 1 distinctly uHhoiigh far away, Ho hoars some watchdog's thrice ropeatod bay Starts from his huddled posture at a bound. And joyfully ptishos fur tho grateful sound. Nor long his sooroh : for now tho morning star Whools from tho F.astorn steep hor shining oar, And in her pallid but elTootuut glow A hut and o loaring stund rovoalod bolow. Tblthor ho hastens-and is wei omod thoro, Oonsolod and fed with hospltnhla caro. And when tho atm shall crown tho wintry day, His host sbull set h lin on tho homownrd way. v NOTE.-The rough draft of the poom was originally published in the Australasian Chronicle, and was in substance much as it appoars above, with the exception of a couplet introduced here and there, and the four lines about the curlews, which were thrown in on the following occasion. Mr. Thrum of Singleton, and myself, had boon pigeon-shooting at the back of Castle Forbes, and being overtaken by the night, as we were returning homeward, he observed that the aspect and circumstances of the surrounding scene answered in many respects to my Lost in the Bush. At that momout, a number of curlews began to muster in the dim glades about us, and send forth their "ominous" seeming cries with a wild and startling effect : and in reply to his remark, I said : But hark! I omitted to notice thosn strangely discordant gentlemen-the poem is so far incomplete. Tho lines descrip- tive of thier perculiar nocturnal orgies were immediately upon the "Muse's anvil," and had, ere we reached home, the approval of my companion, as a finishing stroke to the performance. I have noted this circumstance, thus at length, to show, inferen- tially, the observant heed I have been in the habit of bestowing upon all my poetical pictures of Bush matters. C. H. 