To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. SIR-It would be well if controversialists would not only, as I suggested in a former letter, quote from Scripture pertinently, but state the opinions of those with which they differ, fairly and conscientiously. I do not believe that 13. M. S. imagines,-and I am certain that I have never laid myself open to the charge which your correspondent 'C in«inuntes against one or both of us, of -believing that to effect Regeneration requires nothing more efficacious than either dipping in water or sprinkling unit water.' Neither is it fair to say of me at least, that my observations have tended' in any way to lead to a dispute on Baptismal Regeneration.' Nothing was nur is, further from my intention ; but I may nevertheless, perhaps, liepounittod (to remark that whilst I perfectly agree with C that AFter Baptism (or sprinkling) cannot save, the text which he has quit to does not pray, not afford the shadow of a proof, that those who are baptized by a rightly ordained minister in the name of the Holy Trinity, are not then and there regenerated. By Christian Baptism men are saved that as, they are brought into a state of salvation ; but it is not the mere outward act, without the answer of a good conscience to van! God,' (line will Have thin. -In order to this, they must work out their salvation,' by the aid of that blessed Spirit, of which the Rrtlfr'uitt are given by the washing of regeneration,' and matured by the renewing of the Holy Ghost, that being justified by the grace of God they may be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.' (The. iii. 5-7.) Surely nothing can be much disingenuous, unless it be done in ignorance, than confusing the act of Regeneration with the power of the Resurrection of 'Jesus Clii ist, which accompanies the act Regeneration is no less real, because it is sometimes abortive; and, though its privileges are at no time indefeasible, they are not therefore either formal or equivocal PAUMXUS. August 15, 1857 [With this communication the correspondence must close. Our limited space is very much required, as several important subjects are under consideration, ED. H. T. C 1 