COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. RIDING in from Groggee Groggee to secure my seat to Maitland, I find the Dii Majores and other notabilities of the township, the magnates and the nuisances of Muddlebrook, assembled to see the mail go off, to wit, the Doctor, on horseback, and in huge jackboots, over- flowing, like a couple of cornuacopiæ, or a pair of marketwomen's panniers, with melons, cucumbers, and pumpkins, potatoes, eggs, and poultry--fees in kind that he has just returned from foraging. Item, his brother magistrate, whose mission to this sublunary sphere appears to consist in stroking a sable smooth moustache, and smoking a short pipe as black and glossy. Item, a third juridical grandee, plenus superbiæ et Bacchi, full of bounce and beer, who walketh up and down, driving his thumb into the ribs, and his toe against the shin of any acquaintance less wealthy than himself, exclaiming therewithal, "Scrubber, Sir, scrubber--show us your bank-book-- show us your bank-book!" Item, the clerk of the bench, that jolly son of Anak, whose ruby visage peers down benignant, as the sun just risen above a moun- tain-top, upon the little postmaster, who is exploding in spasmodic spirits, like those of bottled beer still forcing out the cork with which you strive to curb its liveliness, at some broad Petty Sessions joke; un- gratefully paying for his fun (for this official, likewise, is facetious) with the most execrable of puns \--laughter moving, notwithstanding, from its utter badness. Item, the swell "loafer" of the place, superintendent of some gold company some- where, a knowing-looking Yorkshire gentleman; with hands planted in perpetuity upon his hips, coat- tail ktemata es aei, giving him somewhat of the appearance of a two-handled pipkin; in low-crowned hat, fox- head-buttoned shooting-jacket (afflicted with a rash of pockets), and pantaloons so tight as to suggest the idea that, by a freak of nature, he was born in breeches; of the turf, turfy, and no mistake about it; horseflesh in his eye and in his bird's-eye-tie, in his talk, his studs, his straddle. Item, in close confab with the last, an overgrown Cupid or undersized Bacchus, round and rubicund; with trace of hair upon the upper lip that makes one think at first that he has been eating marmalade, omitting afterwards to wipe his mouth; ready to back himself for any amount to do anything against anybody; riding buckjumpers (that never bucked, or, if they did, have long since repented of the follies of their youth); beating Parker at single-stick, and able to spar, without the gloves, with Perry (at least, so he says); nathless, de- spite of brag, a rosily, pleasant little gentleman, much beloved by the Hunter nymphs who, maugre their topographical appellation, are by no means votresses of Diana. Item--the wrathful Hibernian wheelwright, as full of objurgations as a prickly pear of jags, and bestowing them most plentifully on all who strive to squeeze him; a victim of oppression, who, not being able to obtain what he considers adequate local justice, is con- stantly threatening to write about his wrongs to Gavan Duffy, whom he regards as a Consul-General sent out for the express purpose of redressing Irish grievances. Item--a weasel-faced old man, half knave, half fool, the sawyer and self-appointed evangelist of the district, with a weakness for brandy, which, like an electro- biological patient, he persists in calling wine-and- water, and a fondness for blasphemy, which, under a morally analogical delusion, he dubs religion; advertising ever and anon, in a strange hotch-potch of the parts of speech that must sorely perplex the com- positors on the provincial papers, sermons and sawing matches for prizes of plumpudding and Psalm-books, under the common head of "Tidings." And, finally, "Old Boshy," the mail-contractor, ex-pugilist and present publican; a host of whose sledgehammer fist, and arm thick, brown, and strong as a brig's bowsprit, customers stand in wholesome awe, and who, consequently, expresses his opinions of things and folks in general pretty freely, his category of characterisation running from the "deep damna- tion" of his "trash," up to an original superlative of praise, "pickles!"-- pronounced enjoyingly as though he ate them. These are they who are assembled to see the mail go off, and off she goes; driven, on the first day, by Harry, red-haired and good-tempered, and on the second, by a kiln-dried pygmy, buried in boots so prodigious that I am convinced he gets a friend to take him by the nape of the neck, like a kitten, and drop him into them in the morning; whilst some other friend reverses the operation in the even- ing--boots that elicit much native wit upon the road, impertinent passers by inquiring how many calves our jarvie may have lost "down them there gullies?" &c.;, &c.; Oh, the joys of coach-travelling in Australia--polish- ing your pants, at every bump and jolt, on cushionless seats, or subjacent mail-bags; and churning all your milk of human kindness into anything but butter to- wards the constructors of the bogs on which Guide Book writers have bestowed such lying eulogies. "The roads of Australia proverbial," men- dacious varlets! Verily, they are proverbial, but in no laudatory sense. Sparse patches of dry dirt in mighty oceans of wet mud. Oligonesias of pie-crust in un-Pacifics of hasty pudding! I felt very much as though I were at sea, whilst going down to Maitland. I forgot how often our coachman, "Boots," fell over- board upon the voyage. Once I know it was with great difficulty that we recovered him, providentially discovering, after long search, his white hat floating like an anchor-buoy, above his submerged frame. And ever and anon we passed bogged drays, with drivers seated on their loads, like sailors in the tops of wrecked and foundering ships, smoking with the grim resignation of despair. At length, however, we reached our destination. And now, having accomplished the far less danger- ous genuine sea-passage to and from Sydney; having again travelled the Under-mire Route; having, in the sacred privacy of home, received the impassioned em- brace of welcome-back from my chaste Hephzibah, and imprinted a paternal kiss upon the nose of Peter- kin; I sit down to make a note or two on what I saw in the city of the fair haven and fairer houris, business, mosquitoes, bugs, sand, dust, slang, slander, nobblers, and sherry-cobblers. Of course I went to the horticultural show, and observed that, notwithstanding the painted prohibition at the gates, the usual number of puppies had obtained admission to the gardens; doing their best, or worst, to heighten the bloom of the fairest members of the floral portion of the exhibition,--the bonny flowers in bonnets--well, I suppose. Spectatum veniant; veniunt spectentur ut ipsæ. If they come to hear, as well as to see, they must be grievously disappointed; for of all the drowsy, dreary musk, flower-show harmonies are the drowsiest and and dreariest. The Sydney composers might profit- ably get up Lotus Eater Marches, and Cave of Tropho- nius Quadrilles, to be performed by the bands on these occasions. As for the fruit displayed, Australians may brag as they please of their peaches, but I never yet ate one that I wouldn't have exchanged for a good boiled potato; and the ruck taste very much as I should fancy sawdust moistened by the droppings of a wine cask would taste-- insipid, wishy-washy things with barely the ghost of a fruit-flavour left to swear by. We get "another guess sort" of peaches in our little island up in the North, even though its skies are cloudy: glorious globes of succulent sunshine, frag- rant as flowers, and sweet as Sicilian honey. When I was down in Sydney six month ago, that carrion-hash, Jack Sheppard, was the play-goer's glay-goer's nightly meal. Eagerly, therefore, did I anticipate what I imagined must be venison with cur- rant jelly,--Shakespere in Brooke's impersonations. I went, I saw, and wasn't conquered. Heretical, presumptuous, Arius-contra-mundum, as the affirma- tion may seem, I must confess that I cannot fall down and worship the (as it seems to me) mouthing and strutting image that the public and Press have set up. Mr. Brooke has a magnificent voice, rich, powerful, and of as great a compass as Winterbottom's bassoon; he has, also, a noble pair of legs. That sounding voice I heard, those striding legs I saw; but, to my ears and eyes, no natural rendering by the actor of his author's meaning. Everybody says I'm wrong. Very probably I am. Still I don't care--I won't say that I do like, when I don't. I went to the Macquarie, as well as to the Pitt-street House, and there I saw the Treasurer, plump as a bag of the sovereigns that he guards, white and succulent as a soppet of the bread-and-milk on which I presume, by this time, his precious little cornstalk feeds; and the Solicitor-General, whose face is as the face of a door-knocker, smiling grimly, like a good-tempered lion, as he beguiled a young member of the Opposition into the refreshment room, by gracious promises of bright Moselle. En revanche, I saw one of that same fast fraternity (who, for an "occasional visitor," gets pretty frequent "glimpses of the House") lead poor Mr. Pye thither also, like calf to the slaughter, then bring him back, and make him, to his horrified amazement, vote against the Government. Mr. Hay, I marked, dapping up and down like an india-rubber ball; "Sheik" Robertson seemingly swearing by the beard of his father, as he pulled his own; Frank Rusden pumping up a turbid stream of semi- articulate and totally unintelligible indignation, and inciting Brother Tom, a la "Mr. F.'s Aunt" in Little Dorrit, to give the Ministry "a meal of chaff;" Mr. Pidding- ton crossing his legs, and exhibiting thereby lucid intervals--not very lucid --of cotton-stocking between his ankle-jacks and trousers, striv- ing hard, with folded arms and frowning brow, to look terrifically grand, the very Zeus of book- sellers and statesmen, and failing most egregriously in the attempt (it's no use trying, little Pid, thou wast not meant to be majestic); swellish Mr. Macleay, junior, evidently bored with statesmanship, proposing an adjournment to the club or café; and last, but only in a physical sense least, the hon. and learned member for Argyle, with eye-glass dangling from his neck like cabman's brazen badge--much too good a fellow, both in heart and head, for the party whose uplifted finger hails him. Mr. Deniehy's ultra-liberalism is only the frothy scum that naturally arises during the fermenta- tion of rich wine. He was reared in too good a school to remain a rabid radical. Ingenuas didicisse fldeliter artes, Emollit mores, nec sinit esse feros; which very scholarlike quotation--never met with before in English literature --I would render thus: To have been articled to Mr. St------e makes the pupil a gentleman, and thus disqualifies him for a Bunchite. THE UNITED TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION. -An interest- ing lecture was delivered on Saturday last, to the members of the above association, assembled in the Presbyterian school-room, Pitt-street South, by Mr, Gardiner, on the subject of school discipline. The lecturer commenced by showing the importance of discipline in the general operations of society, espe- cially with regard to social intercourse and the tran- saction of commercial business. The chief doctrine, however, which he enforced was the necessity of dis- cipline in school, as securing not only regularity, punctuality, and cleanliness, but particularly in facili- tating by methodical habits and well-organised su Iiervision, the acquisition of general knowledge. The ecturer was greeted at the close with a cordial vote of thanks, after which the subject was discussed at con- siderable length, the subject of truancy occupying the chief attention. t VAHDEttvaiK.-27th February, from Vandorville ; damages Gd. Black mare, long tail, half circle oyor Jil no-r shoulder, C under saddle near side, about ave years old, fifteen bands high. Will bo sold on the 20th Murch. BATIIOBST.-2nd March ; damages, SI :-Bay horse, star, black point«, long tail, AC near shoulder, 0 years old, 154 hands high. Will bo sold on the 20th March. I 