COLONIAL MARKETS. I MBUIOOHXB FLOCK AHD O tut« MAEXST.-Tho flour market has been quite inanimate throughout the week, and althouKh many holders evince firmness, prices have gradually declined. Good country brands, of Adelaide {iroduce, here been parted with at £20 to £21. The >est town brands from samo port hsve, however, brooght £24 to £22 IO». In small lots lor Immediate use. Ship- ments from South Australia continuo to be received, no1 lu excessive quantities, bul In a steady stream, which gives evidence of the non-exbauitlon ol slocks, sod promise of still further supplies before the next hsrvcit is in Ute merket. Wheat ii in len Inquiry, and dull of sale, at 8». od. lo 9s. limn has declined both la derasnd and prie*, snd Is now almost nominal, at li. lOd. to 2». per buihel. Malxe continues ol stesdy sale at unchanged prices. Ornm saleable, at £18 to £14 per ton. Oats, owing to heavy arrivals, hive been much deprsnsd ; Iho lait fsw days have, however, witnessed an improved Inquiry, and sales have been more readily eOecled. Irish prime oats have brought 6s, Od., Scotch 6s. to at Od., V. D. Laud, 8i. lo 8s. Od. per buihel. The Mills : The unfavourable »tate of tbe weather has decreased the de- mand for the country, and In the abaenoo of orders prices have somewhat declined. The millers are selling at :-Fine town milled, £22 to £22 lOe; Chilian, £21 ; barrel Hour, £16 per ton ; bran, 2s. per bushel ; whait, 8s. Od. ditto.-Arffui, Nov. 2. MBLBOORNI HAT M A axer.-The supply al market has been moderate during the week, notwithstanding which ssles have been dull, and prices have declined on last wesk's quotations. Conilaerable quantities of green rudder are again coming forward, which, coupled with the declined vnlue of bran, and late high rates ruling for tiny, hsa caused tho decreased demand and consequent reduction in value. We quote prime hay at £21 to £13; second quality, £17 to £20 ; stained and Interior, £12 lo £10 ; «trew, £6 to £6, in good demaud. -Argus, A'oe. Ï. MBLBonnMi STOCK MAMIBT.-Fat Cattle: The mar- I kel hat been fairly supplied with this description of stock during the week, but the demand hat been light, and prices mil present a downward Inclination. Prime quality bullocks may be quoted at £10 to £12; prime cows ni £8 to £11; second qutllly bullocks at £7 to £9 10s.; cowl at from £6 to £7 lût. Inferior still unsale- able except al very lotv prices, and in very little demand. Messrs. Dtlmthay Campbell and Co. report the isle of a mixed lol from Gipps Land, of Inferior quality-bullock! at from £1 10s. to £9 10s., and heifers from £4 fit. to £8 10t. jier head. Pal sheep hive fully supplied the market, and lèverai pent of reilly good torta riere offered. 8ome very prime weredUpoted ol at 2}t,eaeb, but for gentrnl quality there has been no variation on the rnles of previous weeks, flood wethers msy be quoted at from 20s. to 32t. öd.; second quality wethers, 17t. to 20s.; tnd owet, from Hi. to 17s. 0d. each. Met-ru. Dalmthoy Campbell and Co. told 6000 tlnl-dsis 1 n ethers, In full fleece, at 18s. Od, each ; and 7000 lambs, from four lo six months old, at 7s. ad. each, lu be de- livered on Hie Murray.-Horse market: This market haa shown a slight improvement this week Meurs. E. Row and Co. have told a lot from New England, at from £80 lo t'43 10s.; »second lot of thirty head at from £0 to £-¡» 10s.; a mob of thirty Irom Billibong, in one lol, at £18 per head; and a further lot of twenty from New Knglind at an average ol £18 I7t. 8d. each. Moasrs. Doughtily and Co.announce having told thlrtv. five heai from Mr. Russ Ramsay's stud. The young draught Block by " Horncastlo" at prl. et rauglng Irom £25 101. to £30. avenging £39 It. Od.: laddie colts and Millet al from £8 10s. to £U 10s., averaging £10 ii.; thirty head of surplus horses, from the Beech north line of coachs«, at prices from £7 lo CS-i 10s., average £17 St. ; a lot ol stock horns from the Lachlan, at from £9 lui. to £->2, average £14 di.; also a lot of unbroken slock from Mr. liana's, of Western Port, at from £10 to £24, uvertge £18; and some good ennret, suitable tor breeding, as uLjh at £40 Hú\\.-Abridged from lae Argus, .Von. 2, AnsLAins OSAIS AND FLOHR MABKBT.-Our Mel- bourne advicrs are to the 14th Instant, received by the Burra Hurra, at which period flour still continued unchanged lu value In the nslshbourlng colonies. Some sales were conicquently effected at the then quotations. The arrival of the Harlequin with Mauritius dates to the 2nd September, reporting flour there nt only £20, with wrekly arrivait of n heat from Oalcuttn, has since bsd a depressing effect on the market, and two or three small holden hiving sold at reduced priest, caused a tem- porary unsteadiness. The few holders left of floor uevcrlheless still refuse selling under from £d to £8 per lou above the now forced low rates, na they rely upon the Indian mall, expected by the Havilah, bringing some weeks' later and more favourable intelligence from Cal- cutta than we are now potteiied of. Every de|tent|eiice therefore appears now to be placed on the next news by the steamer, at regard! both foreign and colonial markets. lill extremely difficult to quote price« of flour at this time, as It hat bteu disposed of in tome iuitanoet at 30a. lo 80s. per ton below the price the miller of the lame brand ii demanding. The nenrett possible millen' quotation« aro £18 to 119 for country, and £19 to £20 for town, brands. Since my list report our «locks of flour have been very considerably reduced by export of upwards of 1,200 tons, and tilla quantity would have been augmented, but for the abieuce of tevenl of our usual regular coasters at the present time, causing a little scarcity of shipping, the freights now paid to tall lug voxel« being 30«. per ton. The weather during the week hat been all that could be desired for the grain and root crops, which are now In a forward condition, and give promise of abundance. Wheat-The fall In tbe flour hat brought with It a fill in wheat, former« being obliged to submit to lower rates; 7s. 3d. to 8s. being the highest fleures paid, whilst an attempt is modo to lower ratet further. Farmen ara continuing to sell their new crops at 0i., taking advances of is. to 2s. per hastie!. Bran-Several fluctuations of an unimportant character hovo taken place, onding, however, in Its price being eased to li. lOd. and 2«. Belter tdvlaee are looked for from Melbourne by the iteamer. Pollard ii without any Improvement- Oatt and Barley-The former con- tinuel scarce, but Indenu have boen despatched to Melbourno for some parcels. The market continues glutted with tho latter, and huyera are hanging hack anticipating a further decline. Pressed hay Ia now scarce and sought niter, and farmers are ooglnning to press more.--t. (Xuervtr, Oct. 24-The RtgitUr of the S8tb says :-An inquiry to-day arose »or flour, which no aooner occurred than higher rates were demanded, end- ing, howersr, In sales being closed at quotations. ADBLAIDK STOCK MABKBT -Wedoesday, October 20 : There wero only 1510 sheep and 188. lambs In the market to-day. Wethers told st 20i. to U2i. ; «horn weihen, from 15s. to 16s. 0d each. Tha market was thinly attended, and but little business transacted. Beef at tho slaughterhouse, 14s. per 100 lbs. in the carcase.- THBCAMUOB BMOHT.-AKOTHBR DOM JO» TO» APHia.-Take ono ounoe of bitter aloes, and boll It in two gallons of water, simmer this down to ono gallon, mix, whilst hot, one quarter pound of soft soap, and a handful of the best lime. If the young cabbages are being transplanted, dip them in the above, or if the planteare In a moro advanced stage, una bruah ana epriakle the Inner portion of the leave» with this mix- ture. The foregoing lngredlenti do not coat more than 8s. ; and this, it appear«, would suffice to euro 10,000 plants. Ths experiment Is well worth a trial, and we recommend It to the attention ol our gardening and agricultural friends.-Bqrdtr Poft. ABDBIVB UrtaoAOB.-Catherine Berkly waioharged, on Thursday, by Ellxabsth Bowman, with having abused her. Mr. Mullen appeared for the complainant The langons« wa* proved by the complainant and Mr*. Clinton She waa «ned 20s., or, In default..svfti days. MAITS»*AND SBRYA»T«,AoT>-'Brlan .,, J"T' on Thunday, oliargod with refuting lo pay Allen Larg muir £3 los. due to him. fer w»ge«. The defendiint pleaded guilty, and wai ordersd to pay the sum wubin teren dtis, MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS.-On Thursday evening Mr. T. W. Robinson fulfilled the promise made by him, and concluded his leeturo on Maobeth. The great popu. larlty of tho lecturer, and the Interest takon in the sub Joct of hit lecture, ensured, as might have been ex. pectod, a numerous and respectable attendance, Tho President Dr. M'Csrtney, orcsided. The lecturer on a previous occasion shewed how Macbeth, Incited by hil ambition, lind murdered Duncan, the King. He now proceeded to the banquet scene, where Macbeth, who had assumed the sovereignty, sees the ghost of Banquo, whom be bsd csuiod to bo murdered. Tile incantation scene then followed, whero tho weird sisters predict, amongst other things, to Macbeth, who wn* tortured with doubt, thal ha would not bo vanquished titi Ilir nnm Wood should come to Dunsinane. MncdufT, who had left the country, being auspicious of the tyrsnt'i views, and exaiperatod at tho murder of hi* wife and children by Macbeth, returns with an army, and on nearlug Dunslnsno, oommundi eaoh soldier to cut a bough from Blnum Wood; which, being seen by Mao. beth, shakei his confidence. Ills castle is taken, and ho himself is slain, Lady Macbeth kills herself, mid tho rightful heir to the throne is made king. Tila lee* turor In the courso of tho evening read various passages from the different scenes, with till uiual ability, nud was frequently applauded. The charnclor ol Maobeth wus looked upon by the lecturer a> originally open and gonerous, and he thought that Macbeth waa the passim victim nf a misterlous and uucontrollahle destiny. The length to which n man would be enrrltd by unprincipled ambition win truly verified in his case, as was also the fact that retributivo J milco will sooner or later over cake him. Mr. Ilobinsoa cxprened bl* regret that Mr, Kellermann was unable to attend, through the indlspo .itlou of Mrs. Kellermann, to give his musical assist- ance. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote ol thsnks was unnnlmouily accorded to Mr, Robinson, and the meeting separated. MAITLINI) HoirtTAT.-On Wednesday the acting eommitleo met at tho Hospital, for the purpose of In- vestigating a charge mado sillo« tbo nurso of the institution, of appropriating to her own uio sundry pieces of clothing belonging to the late Mrs, Hunt. The husband of tho deceased was present for the pur- pose of Identifying the property. The nurso produced the articles, and sdmlttod that abo had taken thom. She wae immediately discharged. TUB SHALL-POX AT MBLBOOMCB -Another caso of smnll-pox hu appoared. A little girl of len, reitding with borparenta on the road to Brunswick, was attacked on Thursday lait, and died an Sunday. The captain of the Commodore Perry seems to be in little risk, io slack are the proceedings taken against him. The Commodore Perry has been relieved from quarantine, but before this was done the medical officer who brought the vessel out, Dr. Hardy, was arreited on board. He bad been stowed away with a view to lill ultimate escape. The real delinquent «ill now, it ii hoped, be placed upon hie trial. Small-pox hat been introduced into our midst, and hitherto the captain has escaped all punishment, and has threatened the Govern- ment for having selxed his ship, as ho terms the net of placing her In quarantine. Now It will be seen whether tho captain or the doctor Is the real culprit The eise is boing heard to-dny nt Wlllismitown, but It will be again adjourned-UiKwiinu Correipondait of BeraXd. TUB TESTIMONIAL TO CAITAIX OKEH»-Mr. Coles, tho Honorary Secretary ol the lund now being raited lo present a testimonial to Captain Creer, of the steamer Williams, kas kindly forwarded a "shilling" subscrip- tion list to us, and It is now lying at our office. We shall be very happy to sea li shortly covered with the names of subscribers] not thal we think Captain Crcer will value the money amount it msy add to the fund, but because ho will value highly the universal appreciation which ne are sure Is felt of nit brave nud patient humanity. A community ao constantly Hablo to have iii Individual member! exposed to tho perils of the tot, Is peculiarly Inloreited in tbe conduct of a csptein who thought no delay too long, no peril too great, short of absolutely risking his steamer's safety among the rocks, If he could ssve the lives ol the passengers and crew of the doomed skip Catharine Adamson. ASSAULT.-Manus M'Donald appeared on Thursday, to answer a charge of assaulting Michael Coyne. Mr. Mullen appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Minter for the defence. The complainant, an old man, had been hired by the defendant to plough and harrow, but it appeared did not give satisfaction to his employer, who gave him a severe chastisement. Coyne became deaf through the injuries received. Mr. Else and Nicholas Dalton were called for the defence, but the assault was not disproved. The defendant was fined 50s and costs, or 14 days' imprisonment. STBALINO SALT SPOONS - Thoms« Lewis was charged on Thursday, with atealing one salt spoon, the property ol Dennis Holland. On the S9ih September last the prisoner was in Mr. Holland's house; immediately after he left the landlord missed a tpoon off the counter; he Intormed Constable Davit ; tho prlsouer shortly after went to a tinman named George Howley, and lhere re presented Ihtt he was in distress, and asked him to buy some, spoons, which ho produced, saying they were his own. Mr. Holland, on oath, identified the spoon produced. Lewis was sentenced to be imprisoned for two months in Maitland gaol. VAQRANCT,-Lucy Philpott! wai charged on Thurs- day, by Serjeant Kerrlgon, with begging in the ttreett. She tu sentenced to 14 days Imprisonment.-Fanny Bidwell wat charged by Constable M'Lean with vagrancy. He found hor the previoua night lying beneath tha Northumberland brldgo ; the wat a dis- orderly character. The deftndtnt anerted that the could bring evidence to prove that the wat a respect ablepcrton. She was remanded lill Saturday. The de- fendant afterwards requested the bench to deal with the case. She was then sentenced to two months' im- prisonment. TUB LATEST MELBODBNB BANK CASS.-The English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank conspiracy cut occupied the attention of the police court for levert houri on Saturday, and after a patient lnvettlgatlon, the accused wai committed lo take hit trial, and ball refusai!. The prisoner it a Clngaleso or Maurltlna, named John Francis, who formerly lived at Sandridge, and bnt for tome time carried on butloett at «lore keeper at the corner of Flinders and William streets. He opened an account nt the bank In question, and assuming the tlttement for the prosecution to be cor* reel, though bit bonafitU deposits were inconsiderable, he succeeded alter hit account vu virtually clo overdrawing to the tune of ubout £8000. How he did so becomes the next important point lor Inquiry, end it appears that, having contracted au intimacy with the balik ledger.keeper, a young man named Raven, bo to prearranged that, though not having a aou to lui credit, hit cheques on presentation should be mirked at all right, which Raven did ; and on being pastad to tho teller, he, of count, acting upon the ledger-keeper'» magic Initial», Immediately honoured them. To keep Francis In ipptrenl credit, Raven waa In the habit of crediting him with suma which were never paid into the bank, and not debiting him with all the cheques paid out; and In comparing accounts with tbe journal keeper each evening, at the latter called over tho day's Items, the ether checked then In such a manner as lo prevent the frtudt being discovered. Tblngt wooton in this way for some time, when soma of Haven't mis- doing! (the precise nature of which bat not transpired) coming to light, he wat impended, and tho moment he wat io, he nude hit exit Irom the City, and It is also believed Irom the colony ; and a warrant wit issued, charging him with robbery aud embeixlement, The extent of Raren'a malpractices has hardly yet been ascertained, and it it believed to considerably exceed bit transactions with Francis, who Is charged with a conspiracy to defraud the bank. The defence Is, a total denial of the fraud, and an allegation Hut, If fraud hat been perpetrated, It mutt have been by tba agency of forgeries-a presumption certainly against the waight ot evidence. The report will be perused with interest, at It dlaclotei an ingenloui process of im. po»ltlon, unprecedented in tba annals of Melbourne banking - Jreliourne Herold, A'oe. 2. DnunxsMNBSi.-Mary Lewi«, found guilty of this charge at West ualtland, on Thursday, waa fined 10«. or twenty-four hours' Imprisonment. ' I'OLtcs BrjiiHtus.-There were eight cases on the Hat at West Maitland, on Thursday. Mr. Orton and Captain Smith were the tilting magistrate«. 