SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE JOCKEY CLUB RACES. Sfrino MMTXK#. SECOND OAT. The racecourse yesterday presented very nearly as animated an appearance as it did on Saturday. The weather was all that could be desired for out-door enjoyment,and the course was in first-rate condition. A concourse of persons began to form in the neighbourhood^ the uirand Stand at a comparatively 8ar]y hour, and between eleven o'clock an(j one many thousands of pedestriajj^ equestrians^ and curricularians, arrived Up0n the ground. The steamers also contributed their quotaof live stock to the ge^Qfa^ fuad of humanity. The utmost good-humour and sobriety prevailed, and so. Jar as we were enabled to judge, the fw police who were present were almost de trop. The course was well kept, as on former occasions, by Messrs. M'Oandlish and Hamilton, while Mr. H. N. Simson, as starter, appeared to give general satisfaction. For the first race, tha Publicans' Purs®, nine horses started, Lady Walgiers, Forester, and Sinbad having bean withdrawn. . Sir Robert and Cooramin .vers favourites. The race was won, as will be teen, "by an outsider, Linnet, a bay mare, tie property of Mr. Harvey. Although hithsrto little known, she is a well bred likely looking animal,and doubtless soon will be heard of again. The Pony race and Trotters' handicap, were both good races, although the interest of the spectators was too much monopolised by the forthcoming Metropolitan, to allow of their receiving their fair share of attention. To make the two-mile tunning, the houses in the Grand Handicap were started underneath the hill. Nine horses out of the twelve entered j .came up to the post,those missing being Lady 1 Walgiers, Hotspur, and Flying Doe. Veno looked in excellent running trim, and Hurricane also appeared in good racing condition ; while the way in whieh Voltaire was brought out waB the admiration of the whole ring. Hurricane's running at the outset, and Voltaire's at the close, iz.ade the pace Very strong, and a better timed race has perhapB never been run on the Melbourne course. Voltaire was eleven pounds overweighted. The Publican*' Puxse of 150 sovs. for all horses. Entrance, 7 sovs ; one mile ; weight for age : 2 yrs, 5«t 21b ; 3yrs, 7st71b ;<4 yrs 9st 41b ; 6 yrs, 9st 121b ; 6 yrs and aged, lOst 41b. Mr, Harvey's b m Linnet, by Delapre, 5 yrs (Perkins) 1 Mr. Clark's br g Haphazard, aged (Kaldock) 2 Mr. Keighran's gr g Stranger, aged...... • (Keighran) 3 beating Marco, Dermot Asthore, Sir Robert, Kildare, Cooramin and Beeswing. Lady Walgiers, Forester, and Sinbad did not start. Cooramin protested against, on the ground of a previous bet ont having been settled. Time, 1- min. 56 sec. Betting at starting: .3 to 1 agst Sir Robert, 4 to 1 agst Cooramin, 5 to 1 agst Haphazard, 6 to 1 agst Dermot Asthore. After one false start, the horses got off, Stranger leading, with Dermot Asthore at his quarters. These two gradually improved their position ; the rest well together, Marco and Sir Robert bridging up the rear. The knight, however, soon made play, and came up wi;h the ruck, getting well in, Stranger and Dermot still leading. .At the turning in under the hill, Linnet winning by a length; Haphazard' second, Stranger a bad third. The Pont Stakes of 20 s^vs, with * sweepstakes of 5 sovs added, for all ponies of 11 hands and under; one miie and a half. Handicap weights; and t^e weights declared withm 14 days. Mr. Jenkins's gr p m Nanny, 5 yrs, 8st... ir (Sammy) 1 Mr. Powell a b m Katty Darling, aged, 9st *r 'ri " ^ • • (Dobson) 2 j' ~ Eavies's gr p g Picaninny Boy, 7sfc 41b (Callaghan) 3 Time, 3 mm 12 s«a. Betting at starting : Even on Kattj Darling, took - the lead at starting and kept it all the way. Picaninny Boy bolted at the first turning, and his chance was henceforth hopeless. Jiatty Darting made several fruitless effort^ to get before the grey. At the straight, fun she made a prodigious effort, and * g°Od race home ensued, Nanny winning by kp,jf a length. A protest waB entered on the ground that Nanny crossed, but the judge decided in her favour. TheTkotterb' Handicap Racb of 150 sov». Entrance 10 sovs. Second horse to have his entrance money returned. Three times round the course. Mr Swanston's gr g Rambler aged, list , : . (Kettle) 1 Mr Geo. Watson's gr p m Betty, aged, lOst 71b..... (Sammy) 2 Mr Abbott'B b p g Donald aged, list 71b . -. (Owner) 3 Mr Schellenberger's ch h Tommy, aged/ 11st 71b... (Owner) 0 Mr. G. Elliott's gr m Fanny Grey, 0 yrs. lOst 71b (Smith) 0 Sebastopol, Rebecca, andCannie Scotchman did not start. Time, 13 min, 48 sec. Betting at starting 3 to 1 agst Rambler ; 7 to 2 agst Betty ; to 2 agst Tommy. A fair srart was effected. Donald took the lead with Fanny Grey and Betty on his quarters, Tommy and Rambler lying off. At the turn by the gate, Fanny Grey gave way, and Rambler came up. On passing the grand stand, Don-Id led, closely followed by Betty and Rambler. Betty immediately afterwards gave way a little and Rambler passed her In the third round Donald broke and Rambler came in the winner. Betty a good second. Thb Great Metropolitan Handicap of 200 sov., added to a sweepstakes of 15 sovs. 10 ft., or 5 only if declared on the 1st October. Two miles. The winner of any race of the value of £100, subsequent to the publication of the weights, to carry 7 lb. extra ; of any two such'races, 10 lb. extra. Mr. G. T. Rowe'a ch g Veno, aged. 8st 7lb (Higgerson) 1 Mr. E. Jenkin's ch g Voltaire, 5 yrs, 7st 121b (Hayes) 2 Mr. A. Chirnside's gr x», Alice Hawthorn, aged, 9st 71b (Mitchel) 3 Mr. W. Fraser'sb g VanTromp, aged, 9st 41b (Mahon) 0 Mr. Morris's ch g Alma, 6 yrs, 8st 71b (Homes) 0 Mr. Morris's bl h Will-o-the-Wisp, 5 yrs 7st llb(Sammy) 0 Mr. Follett's b g Hurricane, 5 yrs, 7Bt 9lb (Cooke) 0 Mr. Yeend's ch g Goldfinder, asced, 7st 41b ! j(Stephens) 3 Mr. Yeend's br c Inlcerman, 4 yrs, 7st (Tommy) 0 Hotspur, Lady Walgiers, and Flying Doe, did not start. Time, 3 min. 54 sec. Betting at starting, 6 to 4 on Veno. A Rood start was effected after one failure. Hurricane dashed off at a fearful pace, and made tremendous running up to the grand stand, Goldfinder and Inkerman with him. Veno and Alice Hawthorn lay about three lengths behind, racing together stride and stride from the distance post to the grand standj the rest in a ruck, Van Tromp being last. On passing the stand. Hurricane was leading, Goldfinder at his, girths, and Inkerman at his quarters, the three being about four lengths from the ruck. At the turning of the gate, Goldfinder and Inkerman gave way j the Sydney hack made his effort and over ruled Hurricane- at the baek turning off the course. They reached together to the hill, where Veno took asliehtj lead. Voltaire then came forwaid, passedjlirricane, and reached Veno's quarters. A capital race home between the two V's ensuedj Johnny Higgerson having lost his cap on the road, and evidently working harder than in'Bis Saturday matchei. He brought Veno in a winner by a length ; Voltaire was second, and Alice third, with Goldfinder and Alma close Wpott her. Voltaire earner into (he weighing ground lame, having unfortunately broken down when called upon to make a last effort against the Sydney horse; The Sctjbby Stakes of SO sots for all horses with a Bweepstakea of 3 bovs added. Weight | for age : 2 yrs, 5st 81b ; 3 yrs Sstlllb ; i yrs, flat 71b ; 5 yrs, 8st l"2lb ; 6 yrs and I aged, ldafc 4lb. Three-quarters «f a mile. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for not less than £50, and any 8'irplus realized to go to the Kace Fund. Post Entry. The following horses started Mr MilriCk's g g Freeholder (Mahon) \ Mr Morrison's d g Gimcrack.... (Edwards) i Mr Goodwin's b g Ghost ..^smith) ' 0 Mr Phillip's b g Bagman.., (Brian) 0 Mr Ye nd's ch g Chancy ........ (Jerrard) 0 Mr Vance's b m Fercuria\ (Haines) 0 Mr PoweU's cj^ R Eclipse (Morgan) 0 Mr JonaTuan'B smi^e 0 ^T<seholder started "off with the_ lead, and maintained it, coming in an easy winner. 