CONSTITUTION OF THE ' NEW PARLIAMENT. An extraordinary panic has seized the crowd of gentlemen who were members of the last Parliament, but are not of the' new one. They are in consternation at the mediocrity of their successors and the period of legislative inefficiency with which England is threatened. They have been beaten, not by bad men, but, what is worse, by men of straw the merest lay figures of a faction; and, though they can easily rcconcilerthemselvcs to their own defeat, they are concerned for the country that suffers this plague of nobodies.. Hardly a man of them can make a good speech, or has any politics. The panic is extraordinary, not so much for those who feel it or- for those about whom it is felt, but for the matter of it. This inefficiency, now so much apprehended, was the chief characteristic of the last Parliament, and the very boast of all the three sections routed at the election. What was called the " Manchester School," though Manchester has now rescued itself from the igno- many of schoolroom, the Polite coterie, and the Conservatives, have all plumed' themselves for sometime, not on what they have done, but what they stopped. The last are professedly worshippers of the god Terminus, but the other two sections have done his obstinate Majesty not less service for some time by their constant hostility to every practical and actual suggestion. For one thing they have pro- posed generally something as safe to propose as a railway to the moon they can enumerate with pride a dozen measures which they have opposed with more or less success. When the Conservatives, indeed, got in for a few months, they snatched a roguish triumph' by passing some measures made to their hand, and which they would not have allowed anybody else to pass. - Experience shows, indeed, that the Conservatives ought to be in once in a Parliament. At intervals of five years or so the Sir Robert Peel for the time being that if, the man in that political place and succession, sought to have his brief Saturnalia, just to pass what he will no longer oppose now that it answers his purpose, and what the other side will not oppose, because it is stolen from their own budget. But, if doing nothing has been hitherto the essence of patriotism, why is it all at once to be a national calamity ? Putting aside those twopenny questions of finance which have been lately elevated into the sublimest of human struggles, it is evident that, in the opinion of the ousted factions, neither the Church, nor the Law, nor Education, nor our great Cities, nor some half-dozen other likely subjects of legislation, will be much the worse for being let alone a little longer. As one runs through the names, of the departed, one is struck by the preponderance of respectable Conservatives, who seem to sur- round one as the Grecian ghosts did AEneas in the infernal regions, and open their mouths in vain. Here are old county members, who have been returned to several Parliaments as the supposed advocates of interests which can no longer be disengaged from the interests of the people at large. It would be quite cruel to name them, though some of them are intolerable tyrants in their own little spheres, and have just so iriuctfof^conscience as leads them to crush''tho-'conscience' of-everybody about them tenant cleans their own sons. Bombs whole 91 set down as Conservatives there are-not~half-a- dozen that by any stretch' of fancy or faVour could be set down as losses to the country.! Persons of this glass,, interest so much, on Jthei&.right roof and cannot expect to be much missed 'when? ; they rarely' got "r' rid ' o?' at.". '-last' I ,';'-; if.-.;.? ;'. ( ;l\<\ U</f{Ui -r uni b. h At the .r^GonBervatives are more easily.vnumbered''ihahVt named, the Peelites must 'be ;nam'ed\tomake a show, for their number is 'insignificant. But when we have named Mr. R. Palmer, Mr. Cardwell, Sir S Northcote, Mr. R. Phillimore, and even if we slioiTIcl go through the whole dozen, we should only serve to show that the" House has not lost in them what it most wanted broad, simple, intelligible, and patriotic class of politicians'.' If has lost a'. class more ready raiseilinicul-; ties than to gather them, and aiming? rather to be %viseraria'1)eUbr''than the rest of mankind than to appease the common sense of the good and the wattle Honestly, tee do not see how. any one practical discussion is Kkely.towffer by. their absence. Then come those most dogmatical, most- opinionated most conceited men, hitherto classed as-, the ? Manchester School. We --have ever; done justice? to the, ability, and' hope, still to. do, so; but, in the computation of Parliamentary, gains and losses, it is to be observed that the genuine' influence of these words Father extra Parliamentary. No doubt, Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright, should be happily recover, Mr. Jtf; Gibson, Mr. W. J. Fox, and the rest,, will find abundant opportunities for. express- ing themselves, perhaps- even more, freely than in the House of Commons. Some of their opinions, such as those about peace and arbitration, are so little adapted to the actual state of things that they simply interfere with the business of Parliament as much. as if a Vegetarian or a Latter-Day Saint should insist on an annual night for the exposition of his fancies.. In the case of this school, and the very : similar sect; by the 'Peelitefy their almost; complete massacre in the election will tend to the greater'silence,'possibly sometimes to the dulness, of our debates; but we shall not be sorry to miss speeches that can lead to no practical result, and are little more than ostentatious egotism.. -' ? so? And now for the much maligned- hundred and seventy odd whom the British publicists such bad judges of men? have given us instead.. It is true that many have but little-known, and that many are young some very young. But even to, take the most superficial estimate, there are quite as many Lords, and Honourable, and Baronets, and great country named in the new as in the old' House. The new; names of this class cannot be a worse pick of the aristocracy than the old, and there is least hope on the side of the young and the unknown. Some of the names are sufficiently well known to give a definite promise of novelty; there are enough Radicals, and Humorists, and Literary Men and Men said to be held to be some compensation for the less regular sort of talents thrown out in the general election. - There are, too, many men of business," such as the new members for Manchester and for some other boroughs.. Then there are old friends' come back again, such as the member for South Durham Otherwise the new list offers large scope for conjecture, and it is quite impossible to ¦ say what we may and. what we, may not expect in the new House. But the British House of Commons, as it was always supposed, does not depend chiefly on that sort of talent which a man brings from public meetings, from debating societies, from book-writing, or from any other special use of the mental or oratori- cal powers. It is a peculiar sphere, and has special requirements of its own. What is demands chiefly is common sense; and a map of common sense, good temper, and a clear and simple style of expression, is a far more useful man there than a declaimer, however fast and furious. We have that faith in the country, and especially in those feelings which have influenced the election, that we are sure the 170 new members ? comprise a respectable amount of character, good sense, and good manners. In such a lottery there must be more blanks than prizes, but they will not be all blanks. They will naturally start with more courage than the crowd which has submitted for years to the claims of louder and more forward speakers, and who are no longer able to break the spell of silence. One will encourage another, and before long" we shall have to congratulate the country on the fact that the political soil is not wholly exhausted. In the general readiness to decry the new House we recognise little; more than the uniform disparagement of a new generation by the old. What boy leaving t a school severing thinks that'. the new 'comers j A ,, J u Ul-' 2 -? II is v can rise to the stature of the giants he can remember ? Who, on revisiting his old school,. does not think it lamentablyfaUen^onl^-Who does not deplore the decay_of-his town, the falling loss 'of' Kis^'neighfeurhWd'/rand the, a win sn,luylptiA ^Li!'-1'-ihW , general degeneracy; of {S^tetyjy Q comes the old members think smsil'bftlie new ones. We can remember those old ones thought the (j j , ii i ; it s a ii I quite as smallest toehold ridges "of their fresher viewslandfhoi^^and:-*to "* believe that the new members will turn out at least as good was the old ones,?-Times^ April 16. 