OUR PERSIAN" EXTRAVAGANCE. From the Examiner,) The object of the motion of which the Earl of Albemarle has given notice, for an account of the sum total of expenses of all kinds incurred in our diplomatic missions to the Court of Persia, from the year 1909 to 1914, is to raise the question whether our diplomatic relations with that court, now temporarily suspended, should not be discontinued permanently. His lordship does good service to the public in raising this discussion. We defy any rational being to point out any one advantage which has ever accrued to us from our costly legation at the court of Teheran. For our own part, we are satisfied that our Persian missions have produced only strife and mischief. We count them among the worst of our many diplomatic nuisances and we proceed to give the reasons that have led us to this conclusion. For full half a century, we went on making Indian conquests and consolidating out acqui- sitions, and no one ever dreamt of danger to our dominion from Persians or Afghans, French or Russians, invading India by land. We had met on the very field of India itself the most powerful of our European rivals, and overpowered and expelled them. Seaward we were protected by our fleets, and by land. Every one thought impassable mountains and deserts a sufficient bulwark against any enemy, Asiatic or European. But all this was changed on the advent of the Marquis of Wellesley in 1703. His restless personal ambition wanted work, and he made it. Danger to India from French invasion was the pretext, for his lordship had on him an inveterate anti-Gallieau monomania. Within fourteen months of his arrival he attacked and subdued Tippoo. This prince had soir a paltry mission to the paltry French colony of the Mauritius, and as at this time General Bonaparte had landed a French army in Egypt, and might by some mysterious means or another find his way to its, it was indispensable that the Sultan of Mysore should be overthrown, and he was so. The p . ject of the great Nat olsen of invading aid con- quering Hindostan, worthy of an epic poet, but not of a statesman, was arrested by a petty fortress on the coast of the Milk turns ears, with the help of an English firm of, and this before he had made the first stage of his m inch of' 2,500 miles The fears and ambition of the bustling G ivernor-General were next turned to the Afghans, and armies were assembled on our then frontier, to encounter an imaginary danger to our empire from that ever-divided and ever-anarchical people. The able author of the history of the Afghan war justly calls the threatened invasion of the Afghans at this time an old bugbear." The prince who made a show of intending this in road was dethroned, and had his eyes put out by his own brother, and so the nervous Lord Wellesley was relieved from the fears of Afghan invasion. The noble Governor-General next directed his ambition to an alliance with Persia, a country with which he had held no diplomatic relations since the day of King James the First, and yet went on very well without them. This was in 1790, and the necessity alleged was the same French invasion of India by way of Egypt, which St. John of Acre and Sir Sydney Smith had stopped before it had even set out on its march. In 1808 of permanent legation was for the first time established in Persia, the Rime which still subsists, and the spring of diplomatic "Ayres unnumbered." The object in this case was to counteract the very poetical project of the First Consul of the French Republic to invade and conquer India, and this time not through Egypt, but Persia. This legation has now existed for the long period of near half a century, and we may safely dotV a iv human being to point out a single chiefs which England or India ever derived 'from it, while the evils of which it has been prolific have been frequent and manifold. Ils vJiy beginning was ominous of mischief. The Crown sent its envoy from England, and the Lieutenant of the East India Company must needs send his at the very same moment from India, and the two great men meeting in Persia, they squabbled most indecently, under the very heard of the king of kings. Down to the year 1811, all our fears of indian invasion were directed to Fr. place, but as this chimera could no longer be indulged in, we conjured a new one unheard of before a Russian invasion. In order to lay this political ghost, we made a most indiscreet treaty with Persia, in which we covenanted that, in the event of that kingdom being attacked by a European power, (Russia being meant although not named,) such power, and not Persia, being the aggressor, we shall furnish) our ally all her with an arm v for his defence, or, in lieu of it, with war-like st. res and a yearly contribution in money of £100, 000\. In twelve years' time the obligations of the treaty came into operation, by the field of Russia seizing a Persian province, which led to a war disastrous to Perqia. Pleading some ugly subterfuge, we violated the inconvenient and indiscreet convention, for we fut'iiÍ3(iediieithrtrarmy,tuua¡t!on3, nor in any. The enraged King threatened to put our envoy to death for the bad faith of his mas ters, but our diplomatist had the good fortune to escape with his head or. his shoulders. In virtue of the contract the King of Persia now claims a debt of dS:}00,0üq.' The quarrel, however, was patched up, and our (Jiíjerwjltod legation was restored. That legation, in 1838 sounded the false tocsin of .' Herat in danger," " Herat the key of India," and trusted to the Afghan war, with all its disgraces, horrors, and disasters. War was, of course, declared against Persia, and our envoys left the country in dudgeon, all on account of the imaginary key, although 700 I miles distant from the lode it was to open. And now once more we are at war with I Persia, caused by the same legation, the grounds Lfiug the chimerical key/'aniiuçhty woman, and her entered husband, both of] them natural-born subjects of Persia, the British Legation on their behalf having been converted into a sanctuary for the disaffec- ted, as churches were, for criminals in the | dark ages. Let us take a glance at the pecuniary coals of pure Persian diplomacy, as far as they are ascertainable. Our line missions from India to Persia were on a most extravagant foot- ing, but of the cost of these, and of various considerable sums paid to Persia, from time to time, we have no account. Most of the charges of the. Persian Legation are paid from the Indian reVeoùès/niid' these amount yearly to the net sum of £12,000. E Agland pays only the diplomatic passions, and these on an average amount to about £3000 a year. These dj8ljurçem,ent8 seem to have been going on for about fifty years, and of course have amounted in all to three quarters of million sterling. To the Persian legation- must be charged the whole cost- of the Afghan war, for assuredly without its active instigation, that disastrous conflict would never have taken place. That war is admitted to have cost a round sum of £16,000,000 just exactly the amount of our present income tax. . He is a sanguine speculator that will estimate the cost of our present con-, test at less than from three to four millions, and taking it only at this' amount, our Persian diplomacy within the last sixty years, will have cost us a round sum of twenty millions. Once more, we ask, what service has our diplomacy rendered in return for such a monstrous waste of public money. Did it avert French invasion through Egypt or through Persia? Such invasion will now be readily admitted to have been nothing better than a dream of the disordered brain of diplomacy. Did it avert the encroachments of Russia upon Persia? Not a bit of it. On the contrary, eighteen years after our lega- tion had been established at the Persian court the Russians defeated Persian armies organised by British officers, wrested whole provinces from the Persians, and acquire additional influence in the Persian councils, in the very tee! is of our mission, which was itself proportionately depreciated. The Russians are a power of Central Asia, and their territories are conterminous with those of the Persians. A legation at the Persian court is therefore with them natural and necessary and they ensure respect to it by the neighbourhood of their armies. Our position is wholly different. We are not a Central Asiatic power for we have no Indian territory nearer the Persian frontier than 700) miles, or nearer the seat of the Pers't m government than lfOO. At Teheran our lega- tion is 3000 miles from London, the seat of metropolitan, and equally distant from Calcutta, the seat of provincial government. It is planted among a barbarous people, ignorant of the European law of nations; it is isolated, unsupported, impotent for good, but potent for mischief. The present is a fair opportunity for its withdrawal. We are in virtual possession of the whole maritime coast of Persia, obtained at comparatively small cost. Let it be held until satisfactory expia u ations be given, and all relieve explanations let our legation be abandoned. Our apprehension of a Russian invasion of India is now admitted by every politician of sense and experience to be a pure phantom of the imagination. The abandonment of our Persian legation would demonstrate that our Indian power has a stability which requires no fictitious props for its support, while the continuance of the establish ment gives, our real strength the aspect of feebleness. We see that the cost of the present war with Persia is estimated at £1,500,001). But this is only the English portion of the burden. Add an equal sum for the share of the Indian Government, and the total will be £3 60,0 0, which just agrees with our con- jecture in the a 'ove re man is. 