HOBART TOWN REGATTA. The' Annual Hobart Town Regatta was held on Thursday last, at Macquarie Point. At eight o'clock in the morning the citizens were informed, by the booming of the guns at Mul- grave Battery, that the sports would commence at the appointed hour. The day was as fine as could be desired. The wind blew lightly from the northwest, and the sun, throughout the day, was just suffici ently clouded to render exposure on the Re gatta Ground agreeable. This Regatta is considered by all classes a national and public amusement. Accordingly, with one consent, all Hobart Town abandons itself to amusement and recreation. The pre sent occasion was no exception to the rule. At an early hour the ships in harbour presented all that gaiety which a liberal display of bunt ing affords. The public offices and banks, and, with very few exceptions, the shops in the town were closed ; and everything bore the appearance of one general and universal holi day. ; The flotilla, as advertised, left the Franklin Wharf at 10 o'clock, preceded by the Culloden steamer. By this time the people began to move towards the scene of action. Cabs, car riages, carts, and horsemen rushed about as if the very lives of the latter, and of the drivers and occupants of the former, depended upon their reaching the ground at a particular mo ment. Fathers of families, with their interest ing groups of young colonists, were to be seen, decked in all their gayest attire, and groaning under the weight of baskets well stored with provisions for the day. Upon arrival on the ground the usual con comitants of such occasions were to be seen. Booths and tents, swings and round-abouts, cock shys and fortune tables, vendors of eat ables and drinkables of every description, " Cigars and lights for a penny ;" women and children of each sex and every age— bipeds, in fact, and quadrupeds without number, and everything else which assists to make up a mass of English people assembled for pur poses of amusement. The especial mention of one thing should not be omitted, namely, the entire absence of drunken or disorderly persons. His Excellency the Governor, in all the splendour of full-blown gubernatorial uniform, arrived upon the ground about 11 o'clock. He was accompanied by Lady Young and attended by a small suite of friends. The. Band of Her Majesty's 12th Regiment arrived also at the same time, and throughout the day performed its labours well and unremittedly. The com pany generally was very numerous and highly respectable ; albeit, the absence of the soi- disani elite of the city was accurately noted. Immediately upon the Governor's arrival on tbe ground the day's sports commenced with the .Fibst Rxce. Dingy Race (not exceeding 18 feet), pulled by two youths under 16 years of age, and a steerer. To start from a boat moored off Maequarie Point, round a boat mooted off Pavilion Point, and back to place of starting. Distinguishing flag white. Hunter, Henry Harrison ....... 1 Pharitom, C. Bent 2 Secret, D. Barclay 3 Seven boats started for this race. They went off well together, and maintained the contest with good spirit throughout. The prizes were delivered to the successful com petitors by the Governor. Secoud Race. Sylph, T.Ivey 1 Florence Nightingale, H. Pitt ... 2 Heather Bell, A Bock 3 The' start for this race was not a very suc cessful one, Sylph getting a slight advantage. This she maintained until rounding the lower buoy boat, when Florence Nightingale began to push her very hard, well followed by the third boat. A stern race is proverbially along one. Sylph came in a winner by a quarter of a minute. Her crew well earned their laurels, for the second boat was manned by one of the strongest amateur crews we ever saw in a' boat. The Heather Bell was a good third. Lady Young handed the prize to the winner, making some complimentary remarks upon the beauty of the boat, and the energy of the crew. The Governor and ni3 party left the ground at this early period of the amusements, without one single manifestation of popularity. He arrived unnoticed, and departed as quietly — " Cocked Hat and Feathers," barge and all. Thibd Race. Faugh-a- Ballagh, R. Purdy I Scamp, J. Wilkinson 2 Nightingale, J.Archer 3 ! Witch of the Wave, W. Bent...... 4 Shamrock, H. Boon 5 Prince of Wales, George Kenny... .6 This race was run under protest, it being asserted that a portion of the crew of the Faugh-a-Ballagh were above the lipaited age, proved (as was supposed), by their being mar ried men, and by their having that morning 'shaved off whiskers of rather magnificent growth. Nevertheless, the boats all started off beautifully together, and continued the con test throughput with ndmirable pluck. The prizes were withheld until the qualifi cations of the crews shall ' he invested by the judges. Fodbth Race, Two boats started for this race, but as it was only a private arrangement, and not on the programme of sports, we arc unable to notify the names, or order ia which each came in. They started well together, and seemed to work with considerable energy. The wind at this time began to ' show symp toms of falling light, it was therefore con sidered advisable to start the sailing vessels. . Fifth Race. ' Sailing Vessels, for barges engaged in the River Trade, taking the same coarse as the race for the Ladies Parse. £20. Shannon, Mark Webb," 1 Pryde, John Nichols 2 Connaught Ranger, Oathcart ... 3 A capital start was effected, the. ves sels making a fair wind of it at first. In run ning "down to the lower buop boat the barges were all well together, but when the course was altered, and they commenced beating to windward, it became immediately apparent that the Shannon would be the successful com petitor. Her powers for going to windward are evidently very great. The result was, as anticipated, her two rivals coming in a bad second and third. His Worship the Mayor awarded the prize. Sixth Race. The Tasman Prize, for five-oared whaleboats To be bona fide whaleboats, and crews who have been whaling within the last six months. To take the same course as the raco for the Ladies' Purse. Distinguishing Flag, Blue and White Stripes. First boat to receive .£15 Second ditto ......V. .. 5 Third ditto 0 Columbine. J- Hopwood 1 Calypso, M'Kay .................... 2 Four boats started for this face. They all werit off well together, but the first and second boats very soon drew ahead. When half way between the upper and lower buoy boats, one of the boats (Aladdin) gave up the contest. The two winners did their work well, and maintained a very spirited race throughout. His Worship the Mayor handed over the prizes. Seventh Race. Sailing boats under three tons (time race.) To take the same coarse as the Tasman prize. First prize ...£15 Second ditto 10 Third ditto 5 Blue Bell, A. M'Gregor 1 Lady Yonng, L. Young 2 Eight boats came to the line. Upon the gun being fired the most lively scene occurred This squadron of little boats were almost in stantly attired with canvass of different colors, size and shape, and off they started, en masse , Amid this little fleet was especially noticed a boat, built expressly for the occasion by Mr. M'Gregor. Nautical men were heard to pro nounce it the most heautiful specimen of ar chitecture ever built in this colony. From stem to stern, and from keel - to mast head, hull, gear, aud sails, were perfect models. No doubt seemed to be entertained as to the re sult of the race, and the anticipations were realised. The wind unfortunately was very light, and consequently tbe race lasted some time. The first boat came in twenty minutes before the socond ; the rest were nowhere. The Ariel at one time was looking up well ior a good place at the finish, but was thrown out of the Race by the accidental loss of her mast. - The prizes were distributed by one of the judges. Eighth Race. For Amateurs under 19 years of age, which must be most strictly adhered to, pulling in four-oared whaleboats. To be pulled by parties in public or private offices, and mer cantile assistants. To take the same course as the first race. Distinguishing Flag, Blue with White Square in Centre. First boat £15 Second ditto 8 Heather Bell, T. Ivey 1 Little InnoceDt, E. Chapman ... 2 Coquette, J. Mall 3 Five boats to start or no race. " Six boats started for this race, in admirable style. The places notified above were taken up at au early part of the race, and never altered. The prizes were distributed by the judges. Ninth Race. For Sailing Vessels of all descriptions. To take the same course as the race for the Tas- man's Prize, twice round. Distinguishing Flag, White with Red Cross First boat to receive £15 Second ditto 5 Third ditto Four boats to start or no race. Ivanhoe, Basstian 1 Five vessels started for this race, amongst which was the old competitor of the Sydney yacht — the Governor iWilmot. Lately, how ever, the Ivanhoe has been added to, 7 inches below and 6 above. This alteration has evi dently increased her sailing powers. She went away with the lead and was never afterwards appioached, leaving the other competitors nowhere. The wind was very light and baffling during this race. Vessels going In different directions were each carrying fair winds. At one moment they were becalmed, at the next going free, and then almost immediately on a wind. At starting, the yacht kept the Mac quarie Point shore well aboard, and by this means seemed to "obtain an immense advan tage. Nevertheless, we doubt whetner, even under the most favorable circumstances, the Wilmot would stand the ghost of a chance with the Sydney stranger. Tenth Race. For Amateurs and Native Youths, pulling in four-oared whaleboats not exceeding 25 feet locg. To take the same course as the race for the Ladies' Purse. Distinguishing Flag, Blue and White. First boat to receive ...£15 Second ditto 10 Third ditto 5 Fire boats to start or no race. Favorite, J. Bazette 1 Faugh-a-Ballagh, J. Hopwood ... 2 " Nightingale, R. Riseley 3 Five boats started for this race, which was one of the best contested of the whole. The first boat came in about £ of a minute before the second, and the second and third touched the line almost at the same moment. Gapt. Bateman distributed tbe prizes. Thespoitsof the day terminated as usual with a Duck Hunt. Distinguishing Flag, Blue. Duck A. Arnold." Bow Oarsman Robert Smith. This last contest always seems to excite more interest than all the rest ; this we observe is especially the case as regard the gentler sex and small boys. The ladies seem to appre hend that the Duck will be. out of his element, or that he will catch cold, whilst the small boys look upon Duck as a species of amphi -bious animal. On this occasion the contest was amusingly -sustained for a quarter of an hour,' at the end of which time Duck was cap tured; and brought to shore. This terminated the sports. 