GOULBURN. (From the Goulburn Herald.) ACCIDENT TO MR. FAITHFULL.— We regret to learn that Mr. Faithfull, who is at the present time on a visit to his stations on the Ovens, has met with a rather severe accident. It appears that, while walking, he slipped and fell on his hip, which received such injury as to cause consider- able lameness. DEATH OF BURNING. — We have been in- formed that a child of 3 or 4 years old belong- ing to Mr. Seaman, a settler at Bolong Flats, about 50 miles from Goulburn, lost its life last week by being accidentally burnt. TUENA. — Mr Bright arrived in town on Tu s day night from Tuena, bringing down about 260 ozs. of gold dust, and two nuggets of gold mixed with quartz, one of which procured by Mr Trudgets, formerly Sergeant- major of the mounted police, weighed more than three ounces Judging by its auriforous appearance and weight, we should suppose that the quartz consisted of about one ounce Mr. McArs also brought into town, on Wednesday, about 230 ounces, but has taken it on to Sydney. We are informed that the greater part of the diggers are doing well on -on the creek, and that the number is daily in- creasing. Several parties are turning out more than wages; and should the weather ho d fine, considerable returns are expected from the ex- ertions of the diggers this summer. THE LATE REV B. HURST. — On Sunday evening last, the Wesleyan Chapel was filled by an attentive congregation attracted by the announcement that the Rev. Mr. Rabone from Sydney would preach a funeral sermon on the occasion of the death of the Rev. B. Hurst. Numbers who were anxious to listen to the rev preacher were compelled to stand about the doo way, so thronged was the interior of the building The rev. gentlemen took for his text the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of Job; "Man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" After the sermon, which was an impressive piece of pulpit oratory, the rev. gentleman a luded more especially to the ininistriili.inj of the dop irted. It w iuld appo.ir that at the early age of age of ten years and while an attendant at Sabbath School the lamented Mr. Hurst first received serious convictions, and at the age of 17 years he had begun to preach the gospel of the Saviour to others, and continued these l about two years on the English circuit. In 1837 he sailed from England for there colonies; and early in 1838 he arrived in Van Diemen's Land, where he remained about a year, preaching in several parts of that island. He then removed to Victoria, where he laboured among the Aborigines for four years ; and then, in the order of Providence, he came to this colony. He was three years in Sydney, four years in Bathurst, returned to the Sydney circuit for three years, and in 1852 came to G ulbourn. His manner of life, his labours, his great benevolence, were well known in this district — all of them were acquainted with " his going out and coming in." The rev. gentleman then read a lengthy document detailing particulars of the last days of the late lamented minister, at portions of which many of those present seemed deeply affected. It is to be hoped that memorials of so useful a life may be furnished to the world as they a e eminently suited as a lamp to those who walk in darkness." BERRIMA — We have a notice a letter receiv- ed from Berrima, complaining of very unjusti fiable negligence in the magisterial department, which, if true, reflects great discredit on those whose duty it is to attend to the Court business of that district; among other complaints that of compelling four sawyers to travel backwards and forwards upwards of 200 miles before receiving their license, already paid for, solely on account of the absence of those whose business it was to be in attendance. ACCIDENT. — On the morning of Saturday last an accident, which was likely to be attended by a fatal result, occurred to a young man who was reaping in a wheat field at Mr. John Braith- waite's, Gundaroo River It appears that, being short of reapers, Mr. B. engaged a man who stated that, although not a good hand at reaping he had reaped before. On the first occasion of going into the field he was next in rotation to the young man alluded to, and so clumsily did he use his sickle that he nearly severed the unfor tunate man's leg from his body. The cut almost penetrated to the bone; but as skilful as istance was quickly obtained, life was saved. THE GOULBURN ANNUAL RACES.— The Era (Sydney) alluding to the turf arrangements for '57 , says:-Goulburn will open the ball amongst the principal race meetings, on the 17th, 18th, and 19 h of February, and its bill of fare shows on the first day a Muiden Plate of 150 sovereigns the Town Plate of £100. besides a £50 and a £40 stake. The second day is never very proli- fic in prizes anywhere, yet we find the Goul- burnitres announce £50 to be run for in the Publican's Purse, while on the third day, to the County Stakes is appended the munificent priz of £150, With such tempting premiums, we cannot believe that the southern gathering will be anything but successful ; indeed, we know that it already excites very considerable interest, rumour stating that Stranger (the grey horse from Albury,) will be there to contest the County Stakes with Verro, who is expected to show for them. 