AFLOAT. BY PETER 'POSSUM. "Ingens iterabimus æquor." SICK of Sydney and all its sandy pleasures, longing for country quiet, wherein after the fashion of the Egyptian hermits of whom Elia speaks, my brother 'possoms and myself may enjoy each other's lack of conversation, I call a cab. Adown the dimly-lighted streets, losing its way in tortuous lanes, striving to find out north-west pas- sages to the wharf through culs-de-sac, and conse- quently, bumping its pole up against dead walls, the vehicle goes blundering on like a great humble--or, as I would rather write it, Bumble-bee--that beadle amongst insects. Suddenly inspired, the jarvie turns sharply through a dark archway, and a lazzaroni horde of ragged porterkins issue from the gloom, and squabble for my carpet-bag, like a swarm of demons for the soul of a Don Juan who has craftily made a separate bargain with each individual imp. Guided by their howls, I follow the demons through the dark- ness, reach the steamer, and recover my baggage. I like to leave Sydney by night. All things then look so strange, some so beautiful, some so horrible (I have a taste for the Dantesque), others so grotesquely droll. To be sure there is a chance of your getting on board the wrong boat, and finding yourself at Moreton Bay instead of Morpeth; but if you would just as soon go to Moreton Bay as Morpeth, what does that matter? Apropos of the Dantesque, how hellish all cities look when viewed en masse at night! Rattle along the Greenwich Railway when the red hot cinders light up the murky air and strew the road with smouldering scoriæ as they whiz from the funnel or fall from the ash-box, and when the gas-lit rails seem glowing ploughshares on which, in horrible ordeal, the loco- motives, with glaring eyes and shrieks of anguish, are doomed to rush along for ever. Look down upon the myriads of chimneys right and left, belching forth their hateful smoke into the already overburdened atmos- phere. Upon that wide-spread, gloom- canopied sea of brick and mortar; of what text does the whole scene remind you? Sydney, I must say, to-night looks scarcely less infernal. Its smoke goes up to heaven, the sprinkled lamps serve but to intensify the circum- ambient blackness, the gas works jet forth their lurid column of sultry light, dark figures flit, blaspheming before the cresset-fires upon the wharf. And yonder gloomy silent bush seems a dreary Hades peopled with ghosts, condemned, awaiting within sight of hell, Dies iræ, dies illa when in Mephistopheles' fiendishly graphic phrase--they shall "come shuddering up to judg- ment." Tuba mirum, spargens sonum Per sepulchra regionum Coget omnes ante Thronum. Judex ergo cum sedebit, Quidquid latet adparebit, Nil inultum remanebit. Quid sum miser tunc dicturus? Quem patronum rogaturus? Cum vix justus sit securus. The squeals of Sussex-street pigs in torment dispel these moody thoughts. Yonder shores is no Inferno, but merely a porcine purgatory, I will light my cigar, and first watching a few of its white whiffs as they go up, like youthful dreams, to heaven, and, like youth- ful dreams, melt away in darkness ere they reach it; first taking a glance, moreover, at my lady Moon--not the Sheriff's wife", but the luminary--as waited on by her handmaidens, the silvery sisterhood of stars, she sinks languidly to rest behind Balmain (looking rather comical, by the bye, as she gets backwards into bed, bending forward her head and lifting up her toes, as if the sheets were very cold); I will note what there is to be seen and heard in about this little boat of mine. The bull's eyes in the deck twinkle knowingly when you tread upon them, as though well aware that the boot so swellish in its polished upper leather stands sadly in need of soleing. There are bull's eyes of this kind in society, whom, I have observed, gentlemen of doubtful reputations, although great pretensions, most studiously avoid.; preferring rather to walk on the un-brilliant, but at the same time unbetraying, boards The wheel--its brazen centre just revealed by the bull's-eyes' glow--gazes at the binnacle with its queer bell-crowned hat, like Polypheme ogling Mother Hub- bard by mistake for Galatea, and--marvelling that Galatea should have suddenly, become so passée--contenting himself with gazing at a very disrespectful distance. The quarter-boats creak on the davits like corpses hung horizontally in chains. The funnel with its cauliflower top of rising steam seems a huge pewter-pot of half-and-half. Figure-heads of neighbouring vessels peer in upon us: the bowsprits looking like gigantic, festered fingers extended in contemptuous "sight." A cable rattles like a cart-load of cannon balls through the hawse- holes of yonder vessel as the anchor plunges to its hydropathic bed, and a voice cooeys, but cooeyeth in vain, for a shore-boat. The waterman--choice spirits that they are --are in the public-house, and from out that vasty deep they will not come when it--the voice, I mean--doth call for them. Far over the waters comes the "melancholy-merry song" of mariners pumping away at the patent windlass as they weigh anchor, and the sad click-click-click-of the "catch" sounds--a wild fancy this, know--like the sobs of the "camel of the sea" as she struggles with her load. A little coasting steamer, with as much fuss as a mail ship makes in coming into the bottle-necked Southampton Docks (and they do--more especially the West India boats-- on such occasions "bounce" considerably), bustles into a berth big enough to hold a dozen of its size, disembarks its passengers draggle-tailed, cheese-com- plexioned, but now exuberantly exultant, makes a good deal more inexplicable, apparently quite unnecessary, hubbub, and, at length, snores itself off to dreamless slumber-- that is, blows off its steam. In these days of thick-headed Promethean criticism it is necessary to explain the simplest metaphor. Boats arrive, and boats depart; the harbour is alive with steamers of all sizes, turning its waters into wine by the reflection of their brilliant red lights (beaming on their black paddle-boxes like roses or rubies on the bosoms of Æthiop brides), churning its waters into cream by the flapping of their impatient floats: thus making a beau- tiful syllabub--beautiful, but fit only for Barmecide banquets. Here come the mail-bags, the official who brings them looking very sulky when he beholds the luggage of a fellow-clerk, who--he for the first time learns-- has obtained a few days' leave, doubling, I presume, the grim official's duties. Grim official, however, solaces himself by demanding a cigar of the civil black sub- steward, for which, in his perturbation of spirit, grim official forgets to pay, but, lighting it at the wrong end, stalks stiffly up the companion-staircase, crush- ing his hat with an appalling smash--as men wrapped up in their own wrongs are apt to do when passing through low archways --ere he emerges in indignant majesty upon the deck. Civil black sub- steward loses his civility, an inebriate consignor of cargo persisting in looking for it in the steward's pantry. The Ethiop, provoked beyond endurance, calls him a "half-gentleman," and bids him hold his jaw. "Lucky for you that you're not in the States, my fine fellow," I think within myself. At the same time I feel proud that here all men are "free and equal;" one can put up with a little free-and-easiness to be able to boast that blessing. The dapper oblig- ing little steward and the dainty obliging little stewardess flit about like cock- robin and Jenny Wren amongst a lot of rooks; for gruff croaking is the dominant tone amongst the passengers who now are pouring in with their attendant friends. Valedictory nobblers are imbibed. Two gentlemen engage in loud, but not very lucid, litigation on some most legal point. A damsel accuses her swain of waning affection because he proffers for her acceptance, as--what shall I call it? I can't say keepsake--well, then, edible souvenir --to make her remember what a nice young man he is--plains buns instead of the luscious buns of Bath. The damsel, however, is appeased, and lays in stores for the approaching voyage. "Who's for the shore?" is heard. The gangway is drawn back with a jerking pull upon the wharf. Off we go--past the great shadowy hulls of anchored ships, their stern-lights blinking out upon the blackness like the eyes of drowsy lions--past Pinchgut, standing like a preposterous man, with a drab hat on, up to his neck in water--past filthy Woolloomooloo's dim avalanche of lamps--past the more brilliantly illuminated sty at the entrance of the harbour--past the Lighthouse, winking to itself as though it knew a thing or two that the ocean wanted to do in the wrecking line, but didn't mean to let him--out into the black, white crested, surging, hissing waves coming on, on, on for ever and for ever, and swept over by that solitary homeless sea-breeze--half sad, half fierce--that always makes me think of the girls with hungry, hopeless eyes, one sees in London streets by night, hurrying along wind-like--none knows whence, none cares whither. Carlyle's everlastingly-quoted "pot of Egyptian vipers" (vice "drum of figs" cashiered, or rather "barrel of oysters" retired on half-pay) will best describe the nocturnal aspect of the Ne'er-a-cleaner's cabin. But Egyptian vipers, I believe, don't get sick (except of each other's company): sundry of my fellow-reptiles did--to my infinite disgust, for being myself sea- seasoned, I, of course, regard such weak- ness with pitiless contempt. Isn't this, by the way, the manner in which most of us treat moral infirmity, also? Happening from difference of temperament to be proof against some particular temptation (perchance, preserved by strength of constiution from exhibit- ing the ordinary symptoms of having yielded to it), how we cry out against our peccant brother who has both eaten of the forbidden fruit, and mani- festly has the stomach-ache in consequence! It is really gratifying to discover how many "good people'' there are, not only, as the child Elia remarked, dead in the churchyard, but here living in the world-- righteous folks who, such is their abhorrence of vice, no sooner hear the faintest rumour of a fault, than, without examination and without allowance, they strip off their "wreathed smiles" as maidens cast aside their last night's faded flowers, and frown on the offender, supposed or real, with visages as benignant as so many lion- faced door-knockers, and no doubt the frowned-on wishes that the image were complete--that a ring ran through each scornfully curling nose wherewith he might give a cabman's rat- a-ta-tat-a-ta-tat--tat-a-ta--tat-a-ta-tat-tat- tat upon each over-righteous mouth. I must confess that such virtue would have more of my respect, did not its prac- tice seem about the easiest of ethical performances; and if the lime-juice of its censure was tempered with a little more of the spirit of good-fellowship and sugar of charity. If a man wants to find who his friends really are let him get into disgrace. The subnubilar condition is friendship's experimentum crucis--proving, for the most part, moreover, that one's friends are those who, for grief or wrongs inflicted, or from lack of ser- vices rendered, have the least reason to be so. However, all this is neither here nor there. There in the Ne'er-a-Cleaner's cabin, not here upon her deck, whence we, who are strangers, are regarding our haven with some wonderment; thinking, as David Copperfield thought of Yarmouth, that it might per- haps be better if the land and water were not quite so much jumbled together: for what with sea and ponds of rain water, it seems impossible for a man to move ten yards in any direction without tumbling either into the Pacific or else into a lagoon--to more at all, indeed, unless web-footed. The "Southern Cross," not "Charles's Wain," looks down not on the "white chimney," but on some black coal-heaps and a sorry shed that serves for wait- ing-room and warehouse. An enrailed gangway, at an angle of 400°, is our means of exit from the steamer \--not a very safe one, especially when wet, for gentle- men who have themselves been "wet" the night be- fore! A lantern, the light in which goes out every second minute, is, saving the stars, our sole illumina- tor. The deafening din of steam blowing off prevents one receiving any verbal caution. A dray is the 'bus for passengers and luggage. All this seems very primitive to a metropolitan; and a very primitive little place does the town look in the breaking dawn, as, mounted on the dray beside the good tempered Hibernian driver (who asks me my name, age, lineage, condition [matrimonial or other- wise], profession, late residence, and reason for leaving it, before I have been in his company ten minutes), I rumble- tumble through its boggy streets. But right pleasant is it, after bed and breakfast, to take a saunter and a smoke upon the sunny verandah, listening to the roar of ocean instead of the rattle of omnibuses. (?)--That grand old Homeric phrase, I am convinced, can never be beaten. Like the sea it describes, however familiar, it can never be- come hackneyed; because it is the truest sound picture that ever can be painted. You see the billow swell and curl, you hear the thunder of its fall, the clatter of the shingle it drags down, and the seething hiss of the retiring surge as it channels the damp, smooth, quickly-drying sand. However, I am not going to follow the example of a savant of world-wide reputation--scientific fame that extendeth from the beginning of Pitt-street even unto the end thereof, who recently, like a brother philo- sopher of far inferior genius (the man, I mean, who wrote the Principia), blew bubbles, in quoting from all the poets from Homer down to Steenhold and Hop- kins who ever wrote about the ocean: and for this reason--I don't know who they are, or what they said. Entre nous, I don't think the savant does either. 