VICTORIA. By the Queen we have Melbourne papers of Saturday. Thie illowing Memlbers of the New Cabinet were sworn of the Executive Council:-Archibald Michli, Esq., Atllorney-General; Charles IDotson E]llden, Esquire, Colonial Tren surer; David Moore, Esquire, Presideut of the Board of Land and Works; and James M'Colloch, .Esq., Commissionor of Trade and Cnstoins. In the Legislative Council, on Wednes day, lefore the President took his seCt, Mr. Knye, the disqualified member for the Eastern ]'rovince, entered the house and took possession of his former seat. The attention of the President was in dec course called to the presence of a stranger within the sanctum, but the President re fiused to disturb the gentleman in his com for'table lounge. This led to a firious two-hours' discussion, whiclt resulted in a resolution of tie house, that the President should deal with the "stranger" according to the usages of the Imperial Parliament, whereupon oMr. Kaye was given over to the tomler mercies of the usher, and by hint remtoved outside the bar. Tie HIerald of 'LThursday chronicles the occurrenceo of the following comlico tragical circumstantccs . At a aInte hour on Tuesday night, the Mel bourne detectives were astounded by i tele graphic messago from Castlemaniu announcing the porpetratim. of a bloody ald bratal murder betacno Jones' Creek and Inkermann. 'rile victiet of this atrocity was Mr. Williamn Henry, who was in partnership with a Mr. Williams, is storekeepers, at Jones' Creek. The mur dered man was also reported to have been robbed of 300 otucees of amnalgamated and 100 ounces of alluvial gold. Yesterday morning, in ecollrirlmation of tie intelligence of the previous night, Messrs. Solomon and Levy, of Mlelbourne, received two letters from their branch store at Allryborouagh eommunicating tihe tssassiattona of Hleery, and declaring that his dead body had been found in tile bush, cut and stabbed inl suclh a maneur as to leave not tle slightestat h tit tile tunfortulnte man had met with It most violent delath. Detective Randall was immediately despatched to mtake eertain tlquiries of some friends of Ilcry residing nt Collingwood, and spet Tuesday nlight ic endeavors to obtain some reliable information to guide the luture cont duct of the police: and on yesterday afternoon, as tee was walking down Blourke-stree, whom should he meet hbut the very ma whosoe tragic end hltd created so munlch excitement, and set half tite police stations of the country in motion. IRandall, who had a personal know ledge of IHenry, was taken rathler aback, and being of a superstitious turn of lmind, imagined tilrt tie person before him was not real flesit and blood. lie had strong objections to address himself to n ghost even inl tile heart of a large city in sunlight, but the more leh looked at Hlenry, the mltore firtly ihe became col-* vinced that it was no mtre shadow tlhat strolled on Icisurely before hism. lie further perceived that Ilenry had undergone a recent tonsarial operation. for his physiognomy pro seated unmistakebte evileonce of a '*clean sthave," alnd the resplectablo storekeeper was rigged out its complete digger's dress. ltaodall then pilled him up and questioned him, and found that the estan so brutally murdered a couple of days befotere, was still alive, sounld, ned kicking. I lenry necounted for his unexpected appearance ill Mclbotrie hy i eocaenot stll story aboat his having eoae " stuck lIt" inl the bushl. atl landall andl ee did not part company till he introduced hiia to a certain mercantidle frm inl towni withll which Hlenry, as it now appears, had been doing a rather eqlivoca.l bllsilss, anld e waes ftrthwiith leated over to the police oil a charge of obtaining moneey tlder falso pro tellces, and is Inow i the wotchhotlst'. The sameto journal of the following day adds: 'Wcilliam Hlenry or Iledry, the individulal who so mirnalously returnled to .ie after being so brutally murdered in the bush, near .liones' Creek, llmade hls applelarancle st the bar of tle police cetlrt yesterdasy, charged with atn attempt to delrlialll stome of Ihis creditors, more especially a Mellbournte lirm, to which lee is swornl to lbe il:lellte to to the tun l of about t£9e00; t ael, thoutgh as yet there is Iothinllg like a case eeagtlnst tie prisoner, lee has beenl retmandlllllel to gal for a week. There is it strong imtpreasion, which is strenghecned lby an ehlmisseiln of his owtn, that hie meditoted an itmlledliate exit from the e hllly, and that Ils reportedrl munrder was a rice to throw Ilis creditors oilt' their guard. It is a pity that the law Idis not lrovide Iall exs mplary puniishl meat for persons convicted of such a discredilta blu atteminpt to dalllage Ilthe chllrater of tlhe colony, which certainly in the murder line, is blacke eanoghealrelly. When arrested Ilondry had tonly £93 and somso nu;ggts it Ihis posses sion, bilt it is stroglv suspeclleted that there is a mlatl of hiis illn townll who is actillg as Isis templllorary banker. It is now atieeridtalned that Ilelndry travelled inceg. in Cob!'s coich toI Melbournei, niid was lbootked frot thie dlggligs illl he convenient nlune of " lMr. Smith." Our allsihn yesterdaly to the "cquliv?,el" tralnsac tiols of the prisonler with a lelbourne Ilan Ilhs. ewe are illfoerlltld, beeln llellllllsrstood. Tile sail firmn, we are assulredl, Ila, heolsn mainly instrilunttol in tie captullre alnd exposllre of tile prisoner. 'iThe ltev. Jllaes Taylor, a delegalo fromt the Blalptist Misslioutry Society, has beenC enlertained at a public breakIlrst Ily his co-religionists in lMelhotirne, ald a public meeitin g was held in the Collins-street Ilaptist Chapel, fir tlie lpurpose of giving thie rev. geletliulnal it litrtal rceplllioul, and hiearing froi'mo hiin the purplort of his Counllt einliolelski, whose letters itupone the dieseluttolt ofI quilrtz hly mieansll of clhloridle of soldiumll excilted niuch attelitiin and commenti t llt the tiie they a llenreld, lultenll shortly to give It serieca o lectures Oil lthesulijeet. I t Is proLIosed by the Count to illusltrate hlis argutmentts by expleriheimts ont a scale scnle as will satisfieceorily dentlOln strIte the feiasilility of Ills suggestions. It is Iheo litentiotl of the goverlltoulit to introduce into L'arlautenlt on nt early day all niluellded Lieentsed Vietuallers' Bll, assimilatitng the coloniail to I li Llndlon Aet, fIby whiclh niiimngst other illlproveiiCeints allppligruts fear liceeills will have the pIower of atppioll fromlll th?e I)elch of Allnglstrate.s to the Coulrt olf Q(tli:lrtr Sessiotns, tlhe miagis trates to ble deplrived of the right to vote in the colurt allevc. Tile govrenl eeit are also in T?veor of ia reductliol of the licenetseL-fee freson £100 to .25. A lsmettllttt tsurvellotqis s?ry (says tile I lerrell) slie geeietld cuilrl·ilcy tlee creldible aethority. 'lhis nloirnhig, seeordhig to the tte'lir' le ileesitioll a llurge'llt ilmesslgO W;ies trilllellled t t itie goverilellltlle by the! aiithorilus ole bolrd tile htllikte, requesling ierrIiscsln to rculov ihe eoivluIt MIelville lItolU the eomaieniiy of Iis reither felons. 'Thle 'rensotls asslglleil 5s dcmltndililig hils tislersJ were' sltlllelelly ntlrilige, ltdl il. lesced lite Chiefl Seeroeinty to visit the sulks it lerisaoa. ''hlese l'te:soltis 'tr tlutlt iMel. vill Ilad ildll cel tile iritsonerts lIt "list sltld p n',Ly'' lor thie silnace of fel nrteelI iiys, ait lihe ellt of e hlch tlime certltihl miulrderout do. e'rills wttre to bh elrrled ito exectIliosn to tee'alio the d.et el of hlu eiglht miliseerable entIei whiir hIevse hllj woeek slllered for thle mIlilrder of Mlr. I eo. It 1h flrllihr ussorled affair, declined to accede to any oxerciso of severity on Ihe grounds afforded by the abovo tale. 