MISCELLANEOUS. The AUStrians m Milan. — Many are the anecdotes circulating in Milan just now. Among others the following :— A few days since the Governor sent for the president of the Merchants' Club, and told him be hoped the society would do something to welcome the Emperor arid Empress. A day or two after he sent for tfia president again, and asked him what. tha club.had, decidedon 4oi4g. .The pre sident replied that they meant to give a concert. 'But the Empress would prefer a dance,' said the Governor; 'why not give a ball?' 'A ball,' the president said, 'might entail inconveniences over which the members of the club would have no control; as, for in stance, supposing ladies should refuse to dance with Austrian officers, as it was not unlikely they would do.' ' Oh, never mind that, said the Governor, ' give a ball, and I will guarantee that the officers shall not dance.' And so the question is to be referred to a general meeting of the club on Sunday next; to decide on wnefrher it is to b'e $ bailor a concert ; but even in this offhand premiss, that the officers should not dance, a trick is suspected, and if it is thought necessary to give a ball for tho sake of a quiet life afterwards, it is said that none but matrons will go to it, and the daughters will all be left at home. A judicious selection of guests on this principle would be very suc cessful, I have no doubt, in deterring the Aus trian officers from dancing, but it will be diffi cult perhaps to find ladies who will like to be considered such ball-proof veterans. — Milan {V\i*r»*nnYul»ni-p. nftTiP. Time*. JBBiTisH.lNQTTisiTrvEirEsa.— 1 am in receipt of a letter from a friend in the fleet in the Bos phorus, which gives some particulars of the effect created by these measures upon the Rus sians along .the littoral, , The English fleet in the Black Sea is as strong as at any period during the war, and the admiral loses no op Dortunity of sending some of his smartest and most suggestive vessels into the Bussian ports. Sometimes it is with his compliments, some times for water, sometimes through stress of weather, which, except in the Euxine, would not be likely to compel the British sailor to run in for shelter. The feeling of offended dignity with which the local authorities receive these affable morning visitors is something quite grotesque 10 witness ; ana ineir expres sion of countenance at the British ensign flut tering under their very windows can only be compared to that of Keeley in a state of hope ies3 prostration. To the Russian Government these proceedings must be irksome in the ex treme, from the fact that it demonstrates their weakness to their own subjects in tho most galling manner. It is, as tho Russian organ says, a piece of ' insolence and arrogance' on our part ; but with every appreciation of good breeding, I think a little ' insolence and ar rogance ' is better than a mild and gentleman like demeanour with some people. — London Correspondent of the Manchester Chtardian. Pkeedom op the Pbess in Fbance.— The Journal dis Debats has just lost its only popu lar writer, owing to the thin-Bkinned suscep tibility of tlie Austrian Ambassador. In con sequence of a very harmless remark in an article alluding to the Eriiperor of Austria's reception at Venice, M. Hubner sent to M. Bertin, the present manager of the paper, to say that if such remarks were repeated, or any allusions which might be displeasing to the Emperor, the Journal des Debats should be excluded from every State under Austrian rule. Considering the moderation in tone and lan guage which characterizes the Debats, you may be anxious to know what was the crime imputed to it. It appears that the article in question, after mentioning the presence of the Emperor at the theatre, added that His Imperial Majesty was received by the persons present with en thusiasm, the persons present, being officers. It will be admitted that the punish ment thus threatened was out of all Dronortion to the offence. Be this as it may, M. Bertin is said to have spoken to the writer of the article, and recommended that more regard should be paid by him to Austria ; the Debats lias, it seems, between 300 and 400 subscribers in tho Austrian dominions, and was unwilling to lose them. The writer, M. John Lemoinne, who is one of the most popular writers in the periodical press of Paris, de cidedly refused to surrender his freedom of thought and speech to please the Austrian diplomatist, and declared his readiness to resign his place. He did resign ; M. Bertin accepted the resignation ; and the Journal des Debats, shorn of its wit to suit the Austrian Government, will retain its 300 rind odd sub scribers, and circulate in the Austrian territory. M. Hubner will not gain much credit for his conduct in the matter; that of M. John Lemoinne has met, and deservedly, with the approbation of the public. — Times Corres vondence. rRosnESS op haedinu.— Bayard Taylor, who is making a tour through Europe, writes from thence to the New Fork Tribune : — ' Of all cheering signs of progress in Europe, there is none so truly encouraging as the present con dition of Sardinia. I passed through the country first in October, 1845, and now in October, 1856, 1 have returned to witness what has been done in those 11 years. Then, Sardinia was scarcely in advance of Tuscany, and her material developmant Beeftted to bo at a stand still. Now, nearly 500 miles of railroad are in operation, her commerce has been doubled, her productive industry vastly increased, her agri culture fostered and improved, and — best of all — she has a liberal Constitution, an enlightened and energetic Government, and a happy and hopeful people. From Genoa td Turin, along the old* road where I then walked in dust through sleepv villages,- all is now activity and animation. New houses have been built, new fields ploughed, bare mcttntain- aides terraced and planted with vine, new mills bestride the idle streams, and a thrifty and industrious population are at work on all sides. Sardinia has set a noble example to the other Italian States/ and her success is the surest basis for the futifre indrfrfendence of Italv.' IBELAJTD iiEOEttKRATED. — . Ihe time honoured phrase of ' poor old Ireland ' may be considered as representing something which has now ceased to exist. On this 1st of January, at the commencement of a new year, we nidy Venture to predict that ''rich young Ireland' will stfon become the more appropriate denomination. On all sides we hear of increasing agriculture, decreasing poor- rates, cessation of political agitation, good feeling between landlord and tenant, and other unmistakable evidence of rising prosperity. The Irish peasant is no longer the worst fed, worst boused, worst clad pariah in Europe. The potato is no more the staple of hi*-bilFof fare, and a drunken brawl the limit of his desires, when his desires are pointed at luxury and diversion. The cabin of our friend Pat is no longer* a singular con struction of clay supported by the 'side of a ditch. His frieze coat is no longer a miracle of holes and patches ; his breeches are for the most part legworthy, and his shoes will not uncommonly keep out the water. The most astounding proof we have yet seen of the im proved condition of the Irish peasant is that the pig or V slip,' the object of his former soli citude, the soother of his toils, the companion of his labours, the- Bhttrer' of his joys, the darling of his children, has, eveil in Con naught, been banished from the family mansion, and may now be seen in occupation of an ar chitectural edifice, or sty, entirely devoted to its own use. The results of this social revolution are already to be traced in : the ? criminal calendars of the country. It is not that dreadful crimes are not still occasionally committed in Ireland; it is not even that traces of those crimes 'for which Ireland was not long since unfortunately notorious are not still to be met with in the records of the assizes ; but the po pulation of three provinces no longer continues in organized opposition to the law. In Ire land, aa in all other countries, we should still expect to meet with isolated instances of murder,- burglary, arson, forgery, and so forth, and with scattered 'cases of agrarian assassina tion, for the bloody mind of former days has not yet been purged of all its foulness ; but the people of Ireland are no longer an exceptional people j -Irish crime is no longer the wonder and the despair of the criminal pathologist.— Times. . . XHB — ATIiAHllU OUUJLSUtlUB AJBIjEGBAPH. — Somo idea of the magnitude of the work that has to be performed in the construction of this telegraph may be gathered, by stating that the manufacturers wiH have to twist strands of wire aa an outer protection to the electric line itself, 25,000 miles in length, or long enough to go round the whole earth. The problem aa to the possibility of readily and rapidly transmit ting telegraphic messages so great a distance as across the Atlantic has been completely and satisfactorily solved by the experiments made by Professor Morse, of New York, Dr. White house, and Mr. Bright, of the Magnetio Tele graph, upon a single continuous conductor of more than 2,000 miles in length. Some doubts had been entertained oh this headinconse* quiooe of tto discovery of certain phenomena o£- induction and retardation described by Pro* fessor Faraday, but from the results of the ex* periments above alluded to; when we say that it is quite possible to telegraph 14,400 word* per diemj there can be no question but what messages can be forwarded at a .paoa sufficiently rapid for the purposes ^oF the public? Professor Morse adds in lu» report that, by the adoption of a code of:«g« nals constructed upon the principles of tbebett - nautical code, it is practicable to double this speed. Presuming the above facts to be, as we rlo Aorrnnr,. there is verv little doubt, sup posing the cable to be laid wituout acciaen^ ui the ultimate success of this great undertakings whioh may be juitly added to' the now many wonders of the wdrld'j and sincerely don hope that this ' close connection . about to be formed, with our. transatlantic brethren :?'. may ever ? conduce, to-, the rTrcll-bejrig. . of - both them and us. The following is a list of those gentlemen who have been., chosen as directors to the company :— Messrs. George Peabody, Samuel Gurney.T. A. Hanker, 0\. M. Sampson, T. H. Brooking, G. B. Carr, and J. W. Brett, of London ; J. Pcnder and James Dugdale of Manchester; WilliaraBrown, Qr. Maxwell, E. Crosbie, E. Johns tone, H. Harrison, and C. 'W. H. Pickering, of Liver* pool; and Sir J. Anderson; \f. Ldgie1, and Professor W. Thomsdn, of Glasgow. TKere' are also to be nine directors in New York and fViroa in nnnnrln. Disffii^siKO Sr/idroB or. mb,. Hugh Millbe.— This gentleman, so well kxto'ttii a»jj - pleasant and popular scientific writer, and as editor of the Scotch Free Church papor, called - the Witness, shot himself on the morning of the 24th Bee. It appears that Mr. Miller had been unwell for some time. He had over worked himself, found it difficult to sleep, and when asleep was subject to attacks of nightmare. It was bis custom not only to ? sleep with a loaded pistol beside him, but Jt» carry one wheri abroad after dark. Od tM night of the 23rd he wont to sleep with i loaded revolver at his side, as two attempt! - had been recently made to break into his mu- . seum. On the following morning he wai found lying shot through tho heart, in his bath-roomi A poit mortem examination having beon made By Professor . Miller tfi§ otner medical men they came to this cbnclusidri —'The cause of death we found to be i pistol-shot through tho left side of the cheats and this, we are satisfied, was inflicted by his own hand. From the diseased appearances found in the brain, taken in connection with the history of the case, we have no doubt th«k the act was suicidal, under tho impulse of insanitv.' The history of the case hart' alluded to uniolds a iragedv 01 no - common interest. Mr. Miller had heen' * working with intense application to bring a new geological work — 'The Testimony of tho Rocks' — to completion. The overr' working of his brain rendered him more than * commonly susceptible. He dreaded attack* from footpads and burglars, and carried loaded firearms hdbitua'lly. Ho especially feared for his valuable museum. ' He read all the recent stories of house robberies,' says the fPttnest. ' He believed that one night lately an actual attempt to break in upon his museum had been made. Visions of ticket-of-leave men prowliug about his promises haunted him bj day and by night. The revolver which lay nightly near him was not enough ; a broad- % bladed dagger was kept beside it ; while behind him, at his bed-head, a claymore stood ready at hand. A week or so ago a new and more ~ aggravated' feature of cerebral disorder showed itself in sudden and singular sen* sation3 in his head. They came on .only ' after lengthened intervnls. They did not-: last long, but wore intensely violent. ^ThiBf terrible idea that his brain was deeply and hopelessly diseased— that his mind was on the verge of ruin — took hold of him, and stood out before his eye in all that appalling magni tude in which such an imagination as his alone could picture it.' It was only two days bdfom his death that he first spoke to an eminent physician on the subject. '? Ori my dfkirig,1'* says Dr. Bulfour, in a communication to the' Witness, ' what was the matter with him,' hs J replied, ? My brain is giving way. I cannot put two thoughts together to-day. I have had a dreadful night of it. I cannot face another. sucn. x was impressed ; wnn mo laca mat my = museum was attacked by robbers, and that I; had got up, put on my. clothes, and gone out with a loaded pistul to shoot them. In- : mediately after that I became urwonsckuttr How long that cortinued I cannot say f . bat when I awoke in the naming I was trembling , all over, arid q*uite confused m my brain. So s thoroughly convinced Was I that I must have been out through the night, that I examined my trousers, . id Bee if they . were wet or covered with mud,- bu# could find none.'' On the 23rd DeSerabW Dr. Ball'our and Professor Miller held a con- sultation on the case. 'Wo examined his't cliest,' says Professor Miller, ' and we found tliat unusually well; but soon we discovertd that 16 was head symptoms that made biai . uneasy. He acknowledged having been night after night up till very late iu the morning, .'. working hard and contiilUously at his new book, ' which,' with much satisfaction lie Mid, 'I have finished this day.' He was sensible that his head had suffered in consequence, h, evidenced in two ways — first, occasionally he . felt as.if a very fine poniard had been suddenly passed through and through his brain. The pain was intense, and momentarily followed by.; confusion and giddiness, and the sense of being ' .'very drunk,' unable to stand or walk. He' thought that a period of unconsciousness must have followed this— a kind of swoon ; but he had never fallen. Second, what annoyed him most, however, was a kind of nightmare,: which for some nights past had rendered:: sleep most miserable. It was no dream, he said ; he saw no distinct vision, and. could remember nothing ofwbat. had passed accurately. It whs a sense of vogue and yet intense horror, with a COnVicTiofl ', of being abroad in tho night wind, and dragged through places as by some invisible powcrv 'Last night,' he said, 'I felt as if I had been ridden by a witch for 50 miles, and rose far more wearied in mind and body than when I lay dowtf.' ' The two medical gentlemen pre scribed absolute rest, a light snpper, and warm bath at bedtime. Soon after they retired^ tbm . maid-senrant went into. the dining-rocrin. '8b© ? found Mr. Miller in tho room alone. Another of the paroxysms was on him. His face wm such, a picture of horror that she shrunk is terror from his sight. .Ho flung himself on the ??', sofa, and burud his head, as if in agony, upon the cushion.' The vision did not continue,, and after tca^Mr. Miller read two of CowperV poems to his family, and one of his mot*; playful pieces for the gratification of his children; Itetiii'g to rest, he followed all the? doctor's direclions except one; he did not take the. medicines prescribed, having ? repugnance to medicine of all lundi.!' Next morning his body was found life- : less, and half dressed, on the study rug. . Theu fullo wing lines to his wife were also found on ; a folio sheet lying on a table beside the corpse: ; — ' Dearest Lydia-r-My brain burns. I must : have walked, and a' fearful dream arises upon me. : I cannot bear tho horrible thought. God ~ and Father of the Lord Jesus Christ, have mercy upon me. Dearest Lydia, dear children, farewell. My brain burns as the recollection grows. My dear, dear wife, farewell.— Hugh Milled.' Mr. Miller was born at Cromerty, early in the century. As he grew up ]j» worked in the sandstone quarries of his native district for 15 years ; then he left that employ* ment to take the management of a bank estab lished in- his native town. Here he published 'Legendary Tales of Cromarty,' a work that for its pure English attracted the praise of Baron Hume, a nephew of the historian. A pamphlet on areh'eious subject drew upon him the notice of the leaders of the party which now form the Free Kirk, and at their invitation he' accepted the post of edi tor of the Witness, newspaper. After the judicial and medical enquiry on Friday, Profes soi- Milter took the pistol to the shop of the gunsmith frounvhich it had been purchased by Mr. Miller in Jury, 1855, in order to ascertain how many shots had been fired, and how many were still in the chamber. In the master's ab sence the foreman, Thomas Leslie, an old and experienced workman, received the pistol from. Professor Miller, and unfortunately, instead of taking off the' chamber, he looked down the muzzle, holding the hammer with his finger* vriiile he turned the chamber around to count the charges. The hammer slipped from his fingers, struck the cap, and the charge in the barrel exploded. Professor Miller, still stand ing outside the counter, exclaimed, ' That's ? narrow escape,' but unhappily it was not so, ? for as the smoke cleared away he saw the poor man's head gradually droop, and his body then fell lifeless on the floor. Tho charge had en tered his right eye and penetrated the brain. Leslie was a steady, trustworthy man, and had been 25 years in* Mb present employment. He has left a widow and a family of eight chUdren.\ De. Ajtdbew Ube.— Amongst the eminent men who have recently departed this life is Dr. n Andrew Ure, who was born in Glasgowon th» : : 18tn of May, 1778. He studied at the TTniver-; ;. sity of Glasgow, and subsequently at that- of Edinburgh. In the year 1806 ho was appointed,* « on the resignation of Dr. Birkbcck, AndorfOrf - nian Professor . pf (Jhemistry and Natnjri|£ii PhildsorihyY' In the year 1818 he brought for ward hw 'New Experimental Boeearohes .0* f~ I omft-of the leading doctrines of Calorie, parti cnlarij on the relation between the elasticity, temperature} ^f. Wtf1* .hart of different iff poors, qnd on thoniomctxic lidHieasureinent and capacity;' whicti was read before the Jtoyal Sociely, and published in their Transac tions for that year. In 1821 appeared the first edition of his well-known 'Dictionary of Chemistry ,' which procured him the friend ship of Sir H. Davy, Dr. Wollaaton, and Dr E D. Clarice. In 1822 appeared his Daper ' On the Ultimate Analysis of Vegetable Substances' in the Philosophical Transactions. In the year 1829 his ' System of &foW;' was published. In 1835 his ' Philosophy of Manu factures' followed, and in the following year bis work on the 'Cotton Manufactures of Great Britain,' in two volumes. : His. next irre*t work was the « Dictionary of Arts, Manu fccfcatet. arid -Mines'— a work of immense laborir and research, the last edition of which appeared in the' yea? 1852. He became a Fel low of the Royal Society in 1822. He wa3 one of the original Fellows of the Geological Society. He had also belonged to the Astro nomical Society, and was a member of several icientific continental societies. He resided in London since the year 1830, and died on the 2nd of January, at the house of his son, in firmer Sevmour-street, Portman-square; 'ilOMAlfOPF MKtSOHIKOHP, THE RUSSIAN Piloiv— At the commencement of hostilities with Russia in 1854, an old Finland fisherman, named Romanoff Menschikoff, underwent im piesament into the English naval service, and ?erred on board the Hecla, Captain Hall. The old man's experience in the navigation of the Baltic Sei was of great assistance in the opera tions of our fleet in those waters, and on the return of the Hecla to Portsmouth, the Board of Admiralty at once made provision for his future comfort, and immediately issued an orQer for his admission into Greenwich Hos pital Thi3orderwascarriedout,and instructions *ere issued that he was to be treated with every Sinlness arid consideration— an instruction the more necessary from the fact that he was scarcely able to speak one word of English. He, however, managed to master sufficient of oiir language to make known nis wants, ancl during his soiourn.in the establishment, extending over ? period of nearly two years, he became, as it were, ttle ikvourite child of a family. On the JKta of December, however, haying been pre viously ill, he dropped down at hia cabin door, and suddenly expired, at the good old age of 86\. The deceased was a remarkably fine-built man, and stood about 5 feet 8 inches in height. Fatal Effect of Fsight. — A lad of 15, Robert Mitchell, has been frightened to death near Alfre'ton, in Derbyshire, by Percival, a young labourer, having acted the 'ghost ' in a table-cloth at night, waylaying Mitchell in the fields. The fright caused such excessive nervous excitement that the lad died in less than a week. A Coroner's Jury have returned a verdict of' manslaughter' arainst Percival. A New Diajtoito. — Two French chemists, ]JIessrs. Wohler and Deville, have succeeded in crystallizing the well-known substance boron, which has hitherto been known only as a greenish brown powder, or in combination with an acid, and they submitted specimens of the crystals to the Academy of Sciences a few days ago. These crystals possess a brilliancy and refractive power which nothing equals but the diamond, and they rival even that in hardness, being capable of scratching corundum, which, next to diamond, is the hardest substance known. The specimens yet obtained are very small, and have a shade of red or yellow, but the colour is believed to be accidental, and they hope that further experiments will enable them to procure it colourless. Boron agrees with silicon in many of its properties, and is con sidered as intermediate between it and carbon. This discovery may soon put us in possession of a factitious diamond which the most ex perienced eye will be unable to distinguish from the genuine. 