Mil. THACKERAY IN EDINBURGH. TheSeohman contains a summary of the first of Mr. Thackeray's lectures on " The Four Georges." There was a crowded audience in the M urie Hall-' not the less fit that they were not few." 'The lecture comprised a rapid sketch of the Guelph family, from William the Pious, wh) sang psalms with Doctor Luther, and frugally ordered his quiet " palace" at Kell, to the German Prince who married his descendant, and torn awfully left his Hanoverian Court to as- home the Crown of England. Thus tracing the ramifications of the Guelph family, has at last centered the interest in the Court of Hanover to the Elector of which the Princess Sophia, nine years after her uncle, Charletilst.loBthishead.broughtnlongwithhor «cantyirmifpau the rever son of the English down Qu hug a description of the ladies of the Court of Hanover in the time of the Elbe treBB Sophia's son, George Lott ii, who actually realised this reversion, in which description by Mary Wortley" represents them as having all most beautiful rosy cheeks and alabaster for heads, complexions that look charmingly in candle light, and never leave them until their death (except when they go too near the fire), the Jet tutor took it peep like into the guard-room, The pantry, the kitchen, the cellar, and the plate room, calling up throngs of pages seamen, cooks, rcullioiiB, confectioners, butchers. and keepers of the plate-and only two washerwomen for the whole court. At the time that George I. kit his dear old Deutschland for Baglin till feudalism had been fairly beaten down by monarchy-the rule of the nobles had entirely succumbed to that of the Sovereign. Princes of the blood were proud to carry candles before Louis XIV"., and quarrels originated letweouHie.it nobles about which should be privileged to hold the royal shut when his most Christian Majesty changed that air heat. The shrewd, and critical German had referring penetration stone through the pre- ' touch of' loyalty with which he was received in England, knowing that there were fifty heirs to the Crown nearer than himself, and that he was there but by accident. His Koilraan legged, moaned "tim Hlephanl," whom he annie Countess of Darlington, and her rival, surnamed " the May pole," whom he made Duchess of Kendal, had reluctantly followed him to Fingland and to them he would say ''Come, let us go to my pit vate rooms, and five oysters and bees, and Ubi no wine, and E M us leave these bawling British with their bareheaded loyalty." Of him. however, it must be said that he was loyal to England that while he was Ignorant, coarse, cynical, and irish, disliked the country and its customs, and laid his hands on what money he could, - In- yet served the turn for which he was Wanted, iBinalned a Protestant, and let England govern herself as she chose, and was thus infinitely better than a king out of St. Ger- 1 main's, with a French king's orders in this ' 1 diet, and Jesuits in his train. Mr. Thank easy professed that he had been utterly " astounded by Dr. Doran's verdict, acquit- - King George the First's wife, the Princess of Mr, of unfaithfulness of her marriage vow. He was a bad husband, and she was a bad ' Wife, She was beautiful and accomplished, and his brutality outraged for; his selfishness 21 d coldness chilled her; and what love she had to give she bestowed upon Philip of Ko organisers, than whom a greater scamp does not walk the history of the seventeenth century. Of this there is indubitable proof. "I But," said the lecturer, " has not Miss Strick- " land, and of late a poet of this city, stood up for the innocence or Mary Stuart ? I minor bill too. how, when I was a boy, a great party li' lived in and defended the virtue of Caroline of Brunswick ! Equally innocent was.;., Helen, who never injured herhuBband,orgave -r him either to pursue her to Troy- 'So was j Bluebeard's wife innocent ; she never peeped; into the closet where the other wives of 11' with their heads off she never dropped, V 910 key and stained it with blood-apdiher.l brothers were quite right in finishing Blue laid, the bloodthirsty romance Madame l.affan never poisoned her husband, and Mary of Scotland never blow up boracic, j»i|i)iin Dorothea whenever unfaithful to verse of Hanover." [The allusions to Queen Mary were received by a few persons amongst the audience with a loss, which was at once drowned in hearty and general applauSe bat whenever the cheering ceased the hissing was, Kauuifd, and had again and again to be put laid pledged his word that when he died, he went would return, if- it could to his 'inn " Maypole" the Duchess of Kendall: and it is related that shortly after his death " migo blackbird flew in at the window or her iiM'i'iiii), and was cherished by her as the 5<-jw.iiiiil)oiUniuut'of her royal lover's ghost. A fleeting metempsychosis said Mr hack City . I have my doubts of the credibility w Jin bluey: but Twickenham is a delight "Mycock spot, and one might fancy he * j Rix in a much more uncomfortable While we time partly indicate the course where Mr. Thackeray's lecture took, two do 1 to useless to attempt to reproduce the effect of his quiet How of description, his pictures of ii'iiiii.t'tii, and his graphic delineation of Mr "ittiliuU. Along with the full-length pot "but in George the First were exquisite) jMnutnid or Addison-not Addison the 1 visiting at State ("how much greater that V" ki ty to whom he handed the knee"), bas I Addison at the Belle.Sanvage, cracking a bot , e of wine with Dick Steele. who did not happen to have his share of the reckoning in, ) in pocket;" of Marlborough, smiling and tired-looking Judas that master would! he not kiss and betray ? " who was anatomised truth indignant energy ; of Bolingbroke, seek ii g retirement and professing philosophy, and (hon bolting to save his head ; with glimpses of Swift with his mouth shut by his party ties furn exposing the servility and miserable) time-serving of the Tories; and Prior and Atierbnry, braver, than Bolingbroke, sent to the Tower, but escaping with little damage from that dangerous menagerie. Had Marr's officers, in 1715, not indulged in the taverns in a loss of powder for their hair-as the Edinburgh landlady phrased it-they might have taken Edinburgh Castle, driven HUH opponents across the Tweed, and secured Scotland for King James, while the English gentry were rising in the South, and the Pre- tender's duke the great duke of the time might have made the day his own had he chosen. Then what a scene would have had to be enacted ! Instead of a Protestant King fro II Hanover, the nation would have been humid inga Popish King horn St. Germain's Marl- borough would have been again weeping tears of joy,, and the bishops would have a kneeling on the sands, and none iron and vespers would soon have been might St. Paul's, and Swift would, have been removed from his Deanery to make way for Father, Dominions from Malta. The little toss of powder prevented all, this and the narrow souled Protestant King on board the British throne, and his mistress, and the oysters, the porter, and the Kilbie j wine peacefully for his natural life. "And By our grandfathers and mine when it closed had to put on black, and to go to church, clothed with sable, and hear clergymen di5 featuring complimentary elegies on this old timer. When Charles the-Second was living, we read in Macaulay that the people I wished to he churches, and when the pray- 7 11s as were lead for him groan and sobs I showed ' how deeply the nation was devoted p (o him. O wonderful religion of king wor i I i tip! When I think how priests flattering things In the temple of God, bow servility was held to be enuohling.'how beauty had to. e royal favour, and woman's shame its i < suffered no dishonour, } at least am glad that the period of court mourning is over her the first of the Georges; and so turn iii), I'KdTtroit to the wall." 