.1-XKHVlHl' O.t 'TJ7E IVJEEIt'S ItAOXXG. U is a tr'.to old jirovorh that tho ' field ia tho boat horao.' and nover was its verity moro proved than in tho first day's running at llu Jockoy -Club Mooting. Thq best criterion t) go hy—pMic performances, was uttorly upsot in tho only tlnco events about which it was poasi bfo to form any 'conclusions, and tho bookmakers had a rare timo of it. Tlio rancns for making certain lioroofi the favourites worn undcniaWj- correct, in aa far aa racing jutt^ment can ever come mar uio inarK, aim yat notonly 'JS'cstor' nnd ' JliokoyFroo,'butniauyaturlito who dccina hiniHolf far wiser than either, was thrown utterly abron 1. In a hatity, but conciso way, tho writer will criticise the different r.'.oes, and endeavour to poiut ut a few ' whys anil wherefore's.' Tho Maiden Plato ia always u dark affair, as there aro but two guides on wliicli to ground au opinion ; viz., tho ' bloiving' of thu sUible connected with any horso, and tlio nctuoT condition that the animal may bo in. In the first ovent of tlio meeting thero was a strong fiold in ?lumbers, but only tlneo horsoa were at nil spokon of, and two of thesj wore such strong favouritos that tlio layers of odds could not yet on anything to speak of ugaimt tho rest. lukcnnanwasfancicd on account of his coiidition.aiiecossaiyiMiiilwhiclit'cnerallymnkesa winner in a maiden race, m witiicMlittluAitaxorxcs lust season : i nnd certainly Mr. Vceud a ack-ction, though rather too o siout, w(H tlio best conditioned nomination of the lot. His running with Dermot Asthoro, at tho laat Gcelong Logcr, ehow,cd him toliavoa fair share of foot, and ever Bihcc then ho- has been trained ?o\\. Tho course boing heavy, (twos reasonable to suppose that this would bring him woll through amongat a field gonorally compo3od Of duffers, and half-prepared second raters j yot it was in tho softest port of tho circlo, that ho gavo way. Tlio moat fcasiblo.way of accounting for hiB indifferent position is, that the Binollnoos of his foot caused too Btrong n hold of, or rathor, sinking into, tho turf. Yankee, a promising horse, and trained in the good company of Alma and Will-o'-tho-Wisp, was mado a pot of by certain parties, and his attaining socond placo showed how justly so. Had ha been kept back in tho early part of tho race, it is piobablo ho would havo finished first. Bathershincs, the unexpected winner, has certainly some racing points about him, and ho won with great npnaront easo. So littlo was hia chanco dreamed of, that bis trainor scarcoly intondod to outer him, and he moroly went to boo how far ho could beat tho last horse. Ho wa3 ridden with groat pationco and 'judg- ment, having boon kept in hand at tho early part of tho race, and through thodcop ground, and thus ' gettingto toinrfwnrd' of llisrivalH. 'J'hmmh linrdlv in full fnttlo. his pipes proved clear, and his success reflects |-reat credit on hia trainor and rider, Joo Smith. That this deserving young man has thus snatched ono of tho firs', lauroloof thn '-?''?- Vwtoris heartily glad, as it will tend to establish tho benefits of public I raining stables, and to encourago Smith to i,orsovere in attending to the interests of hiB patrons. If ever a ' pot boiled over,' it was in tho Jockoy Club Derby, for whiph, boforo tho start, it was considered ' all over, oxcopt tho shouting.' Union Jack wa3 to have it in a cantor, and tho bookmakers had got on so heavily against him for weeks boforo tho mooting, that towards the eloso they would lay no rnoro ; and many who wore oajjor to tako short odds miy thank their stars that tho booka wero closed. Tlio littlo horso cor tainly looked liko a picture, and was full of lifo and con dition ; but ho i3 small, light, and donken-hoofed, and whb therefore, liko Iniccrman, unablo to get his stride. Had it been firm ground ho would havo bosn socond at any rate. In tho many doubloovout bots laid about Vono, Union Jack was jjonorally coupled no the best cor-, taiuty that could bo nicked, and tho odda layers wcro in a natural tremor of tear at finding themselves, after tho N, S. Walea triumphs, standing 10 to 1 against a nag that they woro frightened to bet ii to 1 against any furthor. A godsend indeed it was to them that thoir bugboar finished fourth. Tlio winner, Tricolor, looked » winnor all over, m soon as nho wa3 stripped, and tho knowing onoi rapidly loft tho paddock, after scanning hor ovor, to get on tho filly and off tho colt. Sho is an ox cooding well put together, racing-liko maro, with a good deal of tho Bosbv Bodlam Btylo about hor, and was brought out by Sir. A. Groen in a very praiseworthy manner. Indeed, considering tho foarful stato of all tho turf in tho vicinity of his training oatnblixhmcnt for tho laat two months, it ia surprising that ho has beon ablo to do so much in the past fortnight, almost tho only fino weather at his disposal ; for to havo scon tlio filly thrco weeks since, no man would havo backed her for straws, Her breed ia undoniablo, and wo congratulate tho sport ing community dn tho fact of Mr. Greono, of Woodlands, agnin showing his colours at tho post. Wo want gontlomen who have both tho moans and the spirit of oinulation, to both breed and race, to become still moro closoly connected with oar turf, and Victoria will shortly aoo Dorbya, Oaks, and Lcgora second only to tho crock trysts of Britain. Br. TJathe's Vainhopo astonishod many by running an excellent socond, and this is another proof of what oiro in brooding and training will do. Dr. Batho has for yoara taken tho utmost pains In aelooting tho bcBt damn, and crossing them with tho moat euitablo sires, and though not figuring so much in tho entry list aa wo Bhould liko tosoo him, yot tho encouragoment this' woek has given him will, it is to bo hoped, be on induce ment for tho futuro, Correctly spoaking, or rather writing, tho Sapling Stakes should nave beon mentioned beforo tho Derby, but it wsa a lapius jiennx. Niinblotoo was mado a favourito amongst a fow, for tho hint month, and named as tho corU n winnor by Mickey Free ; but, some days sinco, it turned out that Woo Pot has dono hor half -mile in about 54 seconds j and on Hijjgornon being known to back hor (ho was training Veno in hor neighbourhood), Bho was immediately fancied at a very short prico. Tho timo of tho raco boinc ovontually ono miuuto, leaves it still in tho dark as to Wee Pot's trial ; but it is nothing now in racing matters for public ruuning to be far short of privato performance. In Honeycomli'B year ho was proved tho fastest animal at tho age that over ran against timo, and yot ho wai nowhere in company. Nimtlctoe ia a powerful well- grown colt, and won his engagements with caBo, though ho required a taste of tho whip at tho dist.anco pent to remind him that ho had to raco. Ho is rather a bad tempered animal, and has required sovcro work to keep him in form and right framo of mind, tho effects of which aro 80iuewh.it visiblo in hia pins. If they stand him he will bo a dangerous custom; r at any ago. 'Tlio Club Cup waB another ' upper cut' for thoao who will ' go tho wholo hog' on their fancy. Alico was freoly backed against tho field at ovena, her weishtcarry ing powers Tieing relied on, as exemplified lait He:in:-n, and great confidence felt in tho abilitiosof tho gentloman who Btccred her. That it wa? unwiso to bo bo awoct on linr._tfostnr bnth thnuahk nml,mi.!.-ft--- it «??«« ..«n!!lr.ljr. that a maro who had mado such bad timo at weight for ago, tho previous Saturday, could do' wonders with 12 Btouo on her back. Many porsona blamo Mr. Orr for on orror in judgment in trying to mako tho raco too fino, but, in my opinion, it was only by casing tho maro in tho hoavy ground, creeping up to tho leading horsis in tho distanco, ami comiugwitharushon tho poBt, tlint Uio maro could possibly havo boen landed a winnor. This was cleverly tried, but it failed. As to thoso who darod iuBinuato doubts a» to Mr. Pit's honour, thoy aro cowardly villains, for a moro straightforward sportsman, clear-hoaded ridor, and upright gontlcman dooit not exist on tho Victorian turf. Ho had a largo ttnko on tho maro, at ovens against tho field, and perhaps lost asmiich money individually nB any man on tho course. Ho rodo to oHigo Messrs. Clurnsido and Groon, and thoy, who aro tho only truly interested parties, aro as indignant as is Nestor at theso pusillanimous insinuations. Sir Kobort, a likely looking woight carrior, who mado his first appcaranco on the Molbourno courso, though known in Port Fairy district, found many friends. Ho ia a headstrong animal, and mado too freo with himself ntt ho beginning, or he might havo shown first at post. When in full fettle, which ho has not yot reached, ho will provo a dangerous weltor liorao. As for Cardinal WiBoman, tho oft-repcated assovcrationa of his lato owner, Mr. Harper, wero fully bomo out by hia perform ance at 12at lib. From start to oud ho raced gamoly, and finished woll in a strugglo at tho shortest time two iniloa woro ovor run in thoao colonies under woltor woighta, viz., ?! min 4 see. Ho was oxtromcly woll ridden by lintlaud, and rcllect) great credit on his trainer for tho strong condition in which ho turned him out. Whin hia ownor purchaiod him. but a short timo since, it was merely aa an ontiro for hia brooding station, and it was a suddon froak to put him into training ; but, if kept up, ho will bo a d.augo roua customer for tho Turf Club Cup. Novcr wai worso judgmont ovincod than in tho with drawal of certain nominations for tho Freo Uandi.ap. So determined woro tho Molbourno stables to run tho Sydnoy horaa off hia logs, if possiblo, tliat thoy utterly forgot, 'a bird in tho hand is worth two in tho buBh,' aud jumped ' out of tho frying-pan into tho fire,' by throwing a chanco away to Black Jack, Vono'a com panion. Whon tho Now South N'aloa snortuuon first arrived, thoy took very lone; odds on Vono's winning Ilia ongageuiouts, and Black Jack tho Freo Handicap, au ovont for which ho was thought to havo not a ghost of a chanco ; and but for theao bots ho would nover have started, having strained a log on Monday last.'.by putting his foot in a halo. This clroumstauco was well known, and scarco anv ono uaoKea mm : in tact, those who woro inclined to tako about (i to 1 woro stopped by Messrs, ltawa and Atkinson, na they thought it inipotisiblo ho would not givo way. Tho lail Larry ateored him with groat skill, having punctually obeyed tho orders givon him to mako a waiting race of it, nnd only como at tho turn home. If all joolta, especially boys, would so fulfil tho instructions givon them by oldor heads, many light weights would tako hotter positions. Ono remark, in rcferonco to tlio shaping of thii horse, Nestor must mako, and tliat is, tho singular fact of au animal which nover distinguished himsolf by anvthing out of tho way in his country, coining horo and winning a raoo of suon intercut aa tlio l'roo Handicap, and doing bo under tho advorso circumstances of a break-down. Had Van Tromp and Stranger not boen scratched, tho re sult might havo been differont, and Mr. Atkinson, duiibtlcea fools very gratoful for thoir having ' lifted a lamo dog over tho Btilo,' and putting about £700 into his pecket to boot. Talking of Stranger, it is a strange fatality that Mr. Keighran's two horses, both good ones, should have gone amiss, for they would greatly have assisted in ascertaining the true pace of Veno. Woodpecker waj cinsiderod safo to carry off tho honours, and very Bhoit odds wero taken about him ; hut tho lato remarka of tho writer n3 to Ilia cl:a'igod stylo of galloping woro fully lorno out, and it is hardly likely ho will over bo the namo as ho nliowod out last booboii. In concluding this notico of tho Froo Handicap, NoBtor mutt declare hia opinion that it should havo beon only 1J milos, it being hardly just that both of thoao uaoful events for socond and third ratots wero mado at tho uanio distance, Tho Publicans' l'urso, a milo apin, was liko investing in a lottery, for it wns almost impossible to pick out tha most likely nn^. Cooramin waH iu wretched ordor, and Sir Robert did not Boom fresh aftor hia yesterday's work, bo that Haphazard appeared likely if any thing approaching Ilia correct form, which ho was not. Tho ovontual winner, Linnot, ia a sweet littlo maro, cleanly and powerfully mado, and looked nil ovor liko going ; but than it was not until she was suddenly found to lmvo bcattn her field that attention wna rivotod on hor. Tho Dolapro blood wa3 again proved by hor running, that oxcollout horso having boon Linnot'a airo. Woro thoao Bhort race* raoro ofton introduced into our programmes it would bo highly ad vantagoous, aa thoy ulwaya bring largo fields togothor, and aro inducements for outsiders aa wollos trials of downright speo 1 aiuon^st tho cracks. Of tho Pony llaco thero neeilH littlo bo said, Bavo that Knity Darling was fi™ly'backed, and that something very liko a crosj took phico on Nullity's part on coming up tho run in. However, tho stewards did not ontortaiu it, and bo the favourito wns again » losor. The difforonco of a stone on Katty wiu certainly too much, but yot ?'.lo ought to have wvu. For tlio Trotting Handicap there was much difference .amongst tho.p'jrfonnere, thoro, being two complete divis ions in tho six Btartera. This first thrco wont away well, : and tho raco was by no moaii3 ovor at half-way of tho third round. Donald ia a wondorful pony, moro CBpo dally when his bikj and ago are conBidorcd. He is sixteen years old, and very litllo largor than ft flhoop, yot ho earned his woight well, and at a strong paco. Had hia ridor not turned, from misunderstanding the instruc tions, when tho littlo fellow broko through making a Blip, ho would havo como iu thero or thorcabouts. Botty trotted yory gamoly, but bo much dead woight on her was a great impediment ; nor could tbo boy Sammy do her full jiiBtico in a big saddlo, so big that ho could lmvo elopt comfortably in it. On turf no aniroala trot ao well, when thoy tako to it, as thoso with a littlo blood in them, as bIio Iwb. Humbler is a powerful nag, with ox traordinary propelling quarters, his vory walk suggesting tho idea of great trotting abilitios, and tho prophecy of last season, as to hia turning out tho beat of his class in tho colony, wns quite realised. Hia stylo ia aafo and tolling, and it will bo difficult to beat him, as ho ia garao to Etrugglo, and yet dooa not break. Tommy's chance was out from ahcor bad riding, and tho Bcndigo maro is so used to tho collar that Bho requires its sup port to lean againBt. Tho timo wa3 a long way from irat-chop, but dead turf is infinitely Blower than a beaten road. Tho Motropolitan Handicap waa tha ovont of tho lcooting, and any doubts aa to Vono's paco woro fully menred up by tbo handsome manner iu which ho cut down tho light wciglita, ona after another, and wont right away from Alico and Vnr. Tromp. HiggerjMi had 'onco to remind him with tho whip on tho straight run in, but it was only to make him rocollcct that ho had to raco. From tho distance-post he won as ho liked, whatovor may bo Baid to the contrary ; for Higgorson camo in laughing over his shouldor, and shaking his whip. To onlargo on tho various points of running which tho Metropolitan Han icnp showed, would require moro space than can bo allowad for this already s jmo what lengthy artiolo ; and further romarka niiiBt, therefore, bo postponed until next week. However, beforo closing thia record of hia opinions, 'Noator' must eay_ a fow words about tho beating Veuo ro ceived, in tho £25 Bwecpjtakea, and tho second triumph of Cardinal Wisoman ovor Alice Hawthorn, in tho match of lilO.O to £500 That Tomboy won the SwoopnUkoa was a lucky Btroko for Mr. Orr, for he never intonded to start him until ho found that tho Cardinal and Alico wcro matched on tho previous evening ; and, would, there foro, bo out of tho raco. Still, it cm hardly bo deemed a victory, though wo are glad that all tho 'fat' hni not gono to the Sydnoy stable, and that ouc of our beat sportsmen has snatched a sprig of tho ? laurd-trco. Whatever may bo said by tho uniniiiited public, thero 13 no doubt that Veno succumbed from forco of circumstances, and not through want of ability. On tho oveniug Erovious to tho raco, Hisgeruon wished to BcratcU the orso, and ovon declared Ue cokM iwt win ; but it waa decided to let him go for it. Cared over for months as ho had been, and well known to bo in best fettle in the hottest wo&ther;, it waa only foasiblo to suppose that mis erably wot and cold, weather, liko that of yoEtorday, would freeze the lifo outof him. That Tomboy got away with and kopt so strong a lead, was entirely owing to tho contest being supposed a3 lying betwoen M083 troopor and Veno, who both waited on ono another : and from thiB careful watching it was that Mr. Orr's gelding got eo far away as novcr to bo caught or headed. Similar instances havo beforo occurred on tho turf of Australasia- and Great Britain, and tho case of Sultan and Forrocksat Homobuah may bo particularly instanced as a proof of how dangerousit is to lota headinghorso got away too far from tho company who aro inclined to play a waiting gaino. The time of the swcopsUkcs, U m. 1C sec, wns vory Blow, ovon on so heavy a coymo, and it thercforo can bo no critericn aa to the relative morits or speed of Vono and Tomboy. Had Mosstroopor gono away at tho jump, tho raco would havo been much fastor, and porhaps ended difforontly; but his jock oboyed orders. The match botween Cardinal Wiseman and Alico was tho worst investment on tlio part of tho givers of 2 to 1 that ever could bo concoivod. Lickod at 3. miles riG min. 12 sec, under lOst lib. ; at 2 miles, in. 4 min. 4 sec.,' under 12st lib. ; aud again, on tho succeeding day, at 2 miles in 3 min, 5 ( sec , under Sat 71b ; it soomed m&dnoss; to back hor at 1000 to 500 against a ivother-woiglit horao, in tip-top fettle, fresh aa paint, and over a hojvy courao that tho maro'e running nnd already ahown sho could not encounter. The odds Bhould havo boon 2 to I the other way, and bo 'Nostor' de clared in tho country odition of Bell publishod boforo tho match was ran. Wcro tho ovont to como off again in tho summer, on a faster course, tho result would, moBt likely, be difforent; but matchmakora Bhould bear in mind that ' a bet well laid is half-won.' Mr. Orr, against his own judgment, invested somo hun dreds in tho lost stakes, an a means of ovincing that tho maro waa really unablo to win, although so crack an artist as Johnny Higgorson was in tho pigukiu. A voluino of commentaries could bo .written on tho tho topics of tho woek'fl racina, but something must bo left for disciiBBion in next Saturday's Jkll. Tho only oujta- suuieuc iTustor win now iiiclmun is rao pleasuro ho folt nt Beoiug that tho .Editor of BeWa Life in Sydney, thooldoat gportin; .'Journal in Australia, had takon tho troublo to personally viait tho Melbounio Course, and report nra voce on tbo oxciting causa at iaauo. Such international visitB are worthy bo interest ing a cauao, and must aid 111 establishing a sort of federal union amongst tho Turf Cluba of tho siater coloniea. 