THE POST OFFICE (NOT THE MELBOURNE P03T OFFICE). Much we laud tho 'Institutions' wc have got In latter days— Army, Navy, and Police force, all have liau their share of praisi', Banking, Funding, True Religion, Education, and Excise, Poor Rates and Elective Franchise, Petty Sessions and Assize. Those ore mighty matters truly, hut I think the age can hoas t Moro of this sublime arrangement, this astounding Penny Post. ? Thus I mused before the office, till my nerves received a shock By tho chimes that struck a quarter to tho pobt hour, sis o'clock ; Quarter past tho time for dinnor, but tho lime passed softly by, And I had not my repeater, unto which I might apply ; For to keep the tune exactly, be it known I think it well Thus to leave it with tho maker, and be guided by the boll. Dear old clock, l*m sure I owe thee half a dozen of grateful rhymes, For your signals given in silence, lessons rung in startling chimcs„ Often havo I stood and listened to your solemn measured stroke, Thought how much the tone depended on the heart to which you spoko ; Some would think tho bell was shaken by an angel mild and fair ; Other eyes wou'.d see the hammer in tho hands of palo Despair, Some would see a cruel demon making cverj hour a moon. Some a rosy, laughing cherub, always striking much too soon. 'But away with shapes ideal— fay and fairy, ghoul and ghost, Let us stay and watch the real shapes that haunt the Fenny Post j Animated Nature always is my favorite theme, I own, And I soldom travel further than the order with backbone. ™ Hark tho lazy, long policeman, with his shoulder to the wall, With a special watch on no one, but a quiet eye on all, Seo tho scarlet coated postman, with a quick elastic paco. Start awav for hrnaltnpck allpv. eheatera street, and humbuff* place, Heeding not what precious matters may hi* leathern bag contain, Talcs that touch the sacrcd pocket, cruBh the heart or light tho brain, Words that .bring a burst of sunshine, or a flood of endlesswoe. Letters that may smash MacFortresB. or dissolve Fitzrook and Co. See the crowd that hurry hither, with epistles in their hands, So to go around the corner, some to widely distant lands, Sec the great Lord Mudboro's butler count tho letters in. his batch, Thinking heaven and jcarth concerned in their safe and sur» despatch. See the lawyer's clerk approaching with his master's slurp salutes, Whistling opentic music to the beating of his boots, And tho dainty little lady, Edward's, John's, and James'* love, With her pretty little letter, liko a snow flake in her glove. From the bending of her eye-brows, and her pretty mouth I seo There's a little ultimatum drooped for somo one of the three. Well, may all communications that have pleasant news to tell, Safely reach, their destinations — hark, again, the office betl. Vain is rushing now and running, peoplo cease their hasty strides, Mr Stoutninn, quite exhausted, puts his hands upon his sides, Spooney sees a red official, says with wildly flashing eyes, ' On your guilty head I'll lay it if my loved Amelia dies 1'* Walks away with rage and sorrow, but it needs no seoond sight, To say the Jady lives to- morrow, and Spooney spends a wretch.sd night, All are marohj ng slowly homeward, disappointed more or less, Sympathising, moralising, homeward saunters Too Mat Guesb. Tears. — A lengthy dissertation has recently 'been published l?y a physician of France on the beneficial influence of groaning and crying on the nervous system. contends, that groaning and crying are the two grand operations by whioh nature allays anguish — tb at ha hns uniformly observed that those patients wh o give way to their natural feelinga more speedily reuover from accidents and operations than those who- suppose that it is unworthy a man to betray euc'ti symptoms of cowardice as either to groan or cry. 13e is always pleased by the crying and violent rearing of a patient during the time1 he is undergoin g a violent surgical operation, because he is satisfied ihat he will thereby soothe the nervous system so sis to prevent fever, aud unsure a favorable termination- He relates the case of a man w.ho, by crying nnd tiawling, reduced his pulse from X26 to 60, in the ciCiurse of two hours. That some patients often' hovei great satisfaction in groaning, and that hysterical patients experienced great relief from crying, are f .nets whioh no person will deny. As to restless and ^hypochondriacal subjects, or those w ho are never l.appy but when they are under same course of ms dical or dietetic treatment, the Frei'.ch surgeon ass a res them that thoy cannot do beftter than to gro (V u all day and cry all night. 