; Mining._ j Next Monday week is the day appointed for the election at Buninyong of " nine good men and true," for the first Bunin- yong Local Court, and we have no doubt the men. of Sebastopol, the' men of Durham, and the mea of the other and leas important lead* will vee to it, that their portions of the district get fiddly m^na^^^T^'1 proclamation of the new court,*besides pro- ducing s temporary itaaj^jeniejue^-- * we hope «oäfiig Trse-^littenaeâ BJ . another noticea&^ feature:-^ .7.-- ? ;-j4F The BaUarht Local Court ia Su^cota posed of onlytiro-third^ * Ballant ram. Messrs Bray, Walton, and Hf Leod being residents and'vrbrkers on Sebastopol, and therefore without the boundary of the Bal- larat district. We do not attribute ranch significance to this fact, and indeed should perhaps regard it as an advantage on the side of propriety in some cases ; but it is a fact; and one somewhat anomalous in the I constitution of the Court. But whether or : not, the interests of the miners should lead I them to call for the resignation of the Se- bastopol trio, nbv they ito longer belong to this Local Court district, is for the miners i to decide. > ?- ? | With regard to the boundary Une di- viding the two districts, it is a little diffi- cult to trace it accurately without au actual survey ; and it is not improbable that some- times it will he doubtful which court has j urisdiction in a given case. The Une crosses the Magpie Bange, somewhere be- tween White Horse and Frenchman's, and passes by Robinson's Hotel at One Bye. It includes ali that part of White Horse at present working, but whether or not it i takes in Robinson's Hotel, we can scarcely understand by a glance at the I tracing paper. The men ou the Victoria Lead are interested in the precise definition of the line of division, and they should see to its being properly set out. Mr Gillies has some connection with the Victoria, and we have no doubt that he will haye more then .* One Eye " lo the business tn question. SrmvACING.-The large numbsr of sur- face grants taken up in every part of the district, are affording profitablecmployment to a by no means insignificant portion ot the population. Thc old rough and ready method of fossicking about for surface stuff, has given way to better plans of work- ing, and the obtaining of legally denned and protected areas of ground has resulted in the formation of parties, the employment of s large amount of capital, and the intro- duction of vastly improved description of working. Tramways, steampower, dams and sluices, are certainly an advance upon the style of things a year or so back, and we have no doubt the pockets of the opera- tors are sensibly benefited in most cases by the reformation. There are now rive lines of tramways crossing the Plank-road. Thc first is situated close by the elegant and com- modious (?) English Church School-house, nearly opposite the Rose of Australia, anci has been laid down by a party who have Î grant near Red Hill Gully. Their pud- dling machine is close by the road side, one is supplied with water from the darn below the Tasmanian Hotel. The next lint belongs to a party who have for 6oine timi been working a grant at thc foot of the Oh Canadian Gully. They laid down the lim several months ago, and worked thei machines with horses for some time, bu finding the stuff shaping well enough for ; continuance, they determined to try am make it pay even better, by employini steam instead of horse-power- They forth with procured a little engine, and have tw< puddling machines now constantly at wort The next line is only a few hundred yard beyond, and the rails run in a windin fashion a good way into the hill. The nes lines are also pretty close together, and on laid down just beyoud the Canadian Hott the grants lying on the wost side of th road, where the old line came down acroi the fiat. ïhese two lines were the la! laid down, and are not yet indeed prf perly into work. As the Plank-rna at this spot, it is raised sonic four or &\ feet above the flat on thu left hand sid the railways are carried along upon pile from the edge of thc bank to thc puddlin machines. Thc machines had to be raise by new made mounds too, in order to g< a run off; and what with piles for the rail; mounds for the machines, wells for tl: pumps, and embankments for the rese- voirs, the works have necessitated a coi siderable expenditure of labor and mono; On the south side of Dalton's Hill Í3 grant held by Layty and party, wh-j ba opened a drive into the hill near the to and laid a double line of rails down the hi side to their machine in thu flat. A brea! differing somewhat in construction fro those used at Sebastopol and elsewhere her has been fixed at that point ot the railw; where the descent commences, and tl whole affair answers capitally ; the truel rushing up and down with a roar that h what a Yankee would call a " tarnatior business sound about it. On the sou side of Pennyweight, the patty who erccti a tramway in the air, and run out thc stuff to capsize from thc "tip-head," a now lying by pending the erection of stca machinery to work the washing departmet They laid down a long sluicing tom su plied with water by pumps, with a twen feet dip nearly, and a trough some six feet long, but the employment of hoi power for thc pumps has been put asi for what is believed to be the more eco omical iron horse, and we hear that t party are treating for a small engine, th will enable them to go on swimmingly, the gully below this parly, their are four five other partk-s busily engaged, one two being Chinese. On the other side the hill, Carnow and party are coi pleting a double line of rails of abo two hundred yards in length a running down at a gentle declinati from the hill side to the puddling machi by the creek. The famous five-mile alu party have not yet brought in their water the place of operations, and we believe th grant is yet unopened. Little Bendigo a its thousand and one gullies swarm with s facing parties, among whom John Chinan: musters pretty strongly. In this region th would seem to be an almost inexhausti field for surfacing operations, whole hills some places being apparently washed fn top to bottom. Puddling machines, trai and barrows are here as plentiful as need and a large population is remuneratively c ployed. On the Black Hill also there are a good few grants taken up and now in full work. Excepting in one instance, the plan of rail ways descending and ascending trucks has not yet been adopted here, the hill side in most places being too steep to render the plan in question desirable. Instead of the now pretty general tramway, therefore, the surfacers of the Black Hill have laid down wooden shoots constructed of six inch planks and reaching from the jetty at the top to the flat below, wheeling the stuff either by barrow or tramway trucks to the adjacent puddling machines. The surfacing grounds we have mentioned are only a portion of those at pre sent in occupation in the district, and but a small portion too. At the Brown Hill, New Chum, Prince Regent's, Poverty, WI Horse, Cobbler's, Paddy's Touilles Ran. Smythe's Brown's, and other places we not remember, surfacing grants have I issued under the recent regulations for granting of surface grants and leases. In majority of cases these grants are payin good weekly average, while some yield. « might be regarded as "better than good," and others as scarcely paying. But may be safely considered that history of surface grants as whole will afford additional evidc of the advantage and importance of lib legislation in ihese matters. . Without large areas, and the well-defined bound and thc safe possession guaranteed ui the present system of local self- governm the hundreds of families now euppoi independently hy the produce of eur ground workings might perchance 1 been seeking a miserable existence as b gry fossickers, or be the hired servant) "the stranger in the land." Nim JACK'S. - This sometime al doned ground has not quite given up ghost yet. Indeed, our facetious cont porary says ** this lead is now quite re eluted, is how heading for the ranges, seems totally unconnected with any o ( workings,'' which, being interpreted, m< two old ground: whim parties and ons loi prospectmg^Mu-tv aboota couple oflumdred ^?rd» ahead of the ^ workings- One of the «him partía weig; wotkîng foi three 'juc four months wjtfura|»B^^ thing called «« tucker tgit »ow they as well as their newbons «¿B ^bxg^ ^lbBt. When tile gróuñ«L was rnshed-* J»*fle leas than a year and a hi^ Bgo^l the fibntage system had not visited the; locality, anoche work went on in the old fcJÁiw- the pro- portion of duffers to paying claims being about one to-seven. At that time the minen SCH- a long while were uncertain whether there Kally was a gutter or not,/ but it was subsequently found that a gutter was there, and one that payed very well too near the jonction with the Canadian., As the deep ground, however, receded from the old ground it paid worse, and finally it was lost altogether ; more tempting rashes elsewhere doubtless leading to an easy abandonment of ground that seemed but little good. Hiere were, nevertheless, a few'who always considered the place had not been Curly tried, and bf those some axe now working in the whim chums already men- tioned. The prospect party a-head have a notion that the deep ground runs out in that direction, and having reefed some little time since, they are now driving for a gutter and we honestly hope titiey may get it, as no doubt they ought to, if industry and perseverance could set np a claim to success. However the best intentions and deservings cannot make gutters, and we should not be surprised if after all the prospectors have to give up in disgust. Oar reason for holding this notion is the opinion we have that Gay's and Navvy Jack's are one gutter, and that the Pennyweight Reef extends all round the part where thc prospect party are working. We would, nevertheless, rather be wrong than right in our conjecture, and shall be glad to hear that we are wrong. 