-BRAIDWOOD. A Meeting was held at the Reidsdale sohool-house on Sunday, the 18th instant, after morning prayers, for the purpose of presenting. Mr. Walters, of the Braidwood constabulary, with a suitable testimonial for his noble conduct in saving the lives of the Rev. E. O'Brien, Mrs. James O'Brien, her sister who were on their way to Goulburn, and Mr. Levy, whilst attempting to ford the river near Mrs. Craig's, which had swollen very much in consequence of the late rains. At the termination of the meeting a subscription was" opened, when £10 was col- lected. Several present volunteered ,to collect further subscriptions. There is nothing new about our diggings. Our popu- lotion is now returning. On Mr. Mardill's ground some | are doing very well, and those who are complaining they are doing middling are averaging about £4. per week. YASS. (From the Courier of Saturday.) THE CATHOLIC COLLEGE.-The honorary secretaries have acknowledged receipt of the following, amongst other sums, being subscriptions received on behalf of St. John's Catholic College :-Yass, £161 ls. 6d. ; Tumut, £113 10s. ; Gundagai, £62 5s. ; Binalong, £249 2s.; Albury, £100; Burrowa, £03; Jugiong, £39 ; Goulburn, £515 9s.; and Berrima, £447 8s. The total sum received by the office-bearers for the purpose above stated, amounts to £15,377 4s. 6d. Amongst the larger contributors we notice the following:-Rev. Mr. McAlroy, Yass, £50 ; Rev. Mr. Bermingham, ditto, £50 ; Dr. Blake, ditto, £10; Mr. Owen Hilly, ditto, £25; Edward Ryan, Esq.', Binalong, £200 ; Mr. Miles Mur- phy, ditto, £25; Mr. Patrick Ryan, ditto, £10 10s.; Mr. James Garry, ditto, £10 10s.; Mr. John Sheehan, Jugiong, £20 ; Mr. Timothy O'Mara, Tumut, £20 ; Mr. Michael Norton, Gundagai, £5; Mr. Joseph Morley, ditto, £5; Mr. Michael Doyle, ditto, £20; Rev. Mr. Twomey, Albury, £100 ; Rev. Mr. Mageanis, Berrima, £100; &c.; ACCIDENTAL DEATH OF A BULLOCK DRIVER.-On Sunday morning last, a man named Richard Cartwright, a bullock driver, in the employment of Mr. Brassell, of the Murrumbidgee, met instantaneous death, by the wheel of bis dray passing over his head. The following particulars of the unfortunate accident were elicited at the inquest, which was held before the District Coroner, on Sunday afternoon, at Mr. Colls's, Commercial Inn : William Grovenor, deposed : I am in the employ of Mr. Brassell, of the Murrumbidgee; the deceased was also in Mr.Brassell's employment, as bullock driver; deceased and I came into Yass on Saturday with a load of wheat, which we sold to Mr. Simpson, of the Yass Mills ; we then went to the Commercial Inn, where we stayed all night ; this (Sunday) morning, deceased yoked up the bullocks, and we started for home ; I got on the dray and sat down; deceased drove the bullocks a short dis- tance out of town, and then jumped upon the pole of the dray ; I said to deceased, " that was a dangerous place to sit ;" and he said "he was accustomed to , drive on the pole of the dray ;" after going some short way, the wheel of the dray passed over a rock, and deceased was thrown backwards off the dray, the wheel of which passed over his head ; I saw blood on the ground where deceased was lying; I saw two young men on horseback a short distance from where I then was, and I called to them, and asked them to ride into Yass and tell Mr. Colls what had happened ; Mr. Colls and a constable shortly afterwards came to the place ; we then removed the body to Mr. Coll's house ; deceased's name was Richard Cartwright, but I knew him by that of "Brumby." Dr. Campbell deposed : I have made a post mortem examination of deceased, and found a scalp wound on the right side of the head, the lower jaw broken on each side of the chin; the body of the second vertebra was also fractured; deceased's death was caused by the fracture of the second cervical vertebra; tha fracture must have been caused by some great violence ; the wheel of a dray would cause such an injury: death must have been instantaneous. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. GHOST SEEN IN YASS.—A little "furore" was created in town on Wednesday evening, by an assertion that one of the most energetic of our constabulary had seen the apparition of one of our lately departed neighbours, who had come rather late to give evidence at the inquest sold over his own remains. After having appeared to one or two of his former friends, he crossed the path of the worthy constable, who, remembering a hoax of a similar nature which had been played upon him some twelve months ago, and on which occasion he was laughed at for having taken to his heels and bolted, with a degree of courage that would be creditable to a Crimean dragoon, immediately gave chase, exclaiming in he most stentorian voice his excited state would admit of—"Be you man or woman, ghost or devil, begone, or I'll put you in the lock-up !" But the representative of neither "flesh, blood, nor bones" was too good a judge to be caught in such a "trap," so the moment after the hero of the P.F. threatened the terrors of the law, it, like Hamlet's father's ghost, vanished out of view ! Its dauntless pursuer stood bewildered for some seonds; but all his subsequent attempts to penetrate the mystery attached to his strange visitant have proved unsuccessful. One or two other persons assert that they saw the apparition, in the same locality, at a later hour in, the evening; but whether the whole affair was a silly "lark" perpetrated by some unknown, or a mere fancy on the part of those who say they were witnesses, it is difficult to say. "THE PRINCE OF WALES D» THE HUNTING FIELD. Kn acoident, of which Davis gave an account with fear ind trembling, and. which, might have had a tragical termination, occurred on" the very first day bf his coming mt hunting. The pony whieh the Prince of Wales rode' m that day, although a lovely animal, was rather top nuch for him, and óverpulled bim in its anxiety to be lear the hounds, which, after running rapidly through i grass- field,' had crossed ono of those deep, narrow lanes which abound in that part of Buckinghamshire, ind which require great dexterity in both man and horse to get into and to get out of with safety. In the somer of a. field there, was ono'of those small gates, sailed hatch-gates, made to facilitate the passage of pedestrians. The Prince's pony rushed at it, jumped it in a flying leap, cleared th« lane, whioh was so deep ¡hat he flow over a man and horse that were stand- ing in it, without touching them, and violently struck the opposite bank the. shook bringing down Prinoe and pony.- The-"field".stood aghast, and were only relierod from the stupor and terror into which they had been thrown by hearing the cheerful voioe .of the royal boy sailing out, " Well, come, that's a cropper." It was deemed advisable that he should ride tbat pony nb more at least . for the present, and he returned to Windsor Castlo nothing the worse for the accident, end rejoicing in tho testimony borne to his bold -riding, by .his broken hat and soiled clothes; nevertheless, the terror created 1 by the occurrence weighed for a length of time upon the minds cf those who witnessed it. ' Poor Davis deolared to me that, for a week, he was haunted with nightmare and visions (as ho expressed it) of being in at his own death,, and hanging on Towerhill.-Irith Metropolitan Magazine. ??; ,. ,... ....»»'{,' '. A PERSIAN FEAST.-Unlike tho Turks.who dine from off a Circular tray raised upon a stool, and upon whioh one dish at a time is served, tho- Persians plaoe all thoir dishes ' together upon a cloth spread over the -floor.. Those who oat orouoh round upon their hams-a r,osi-/ lion particularly disagreeable and inconvoniont-painful at all times, to Europeans with tight continuations." At'great festivals the floor of tho room is frequently oovorod with dishes, and the servants tread thoir way, genorally with baked foot, through a foroBt of pillaus, soups, swoots, bowls of sour milka, sherbots, and candió sticks, which they - do with considerable skill, waiting u'nbn the guests without treading In the plates.or swoop, lng away their oontonts with thoir long flowing garraonts. During , tho feast" the company are entertained-by tho shrill arid discordant notos of boys, who sing alternately, verses from'the poets, and are accompanied by a musical instrümont'consisting of many strings, 'struok withl a 'hammer. Wino 'and ardent'spirits are always taken by , Persians and Turks befern dinnor, and-not during or ' after meal. ' It'is considered more wholesome and agree- able to''get drunk before'eating; 'and an Eastern nover drinks without the intention of doing so to excels. Ile 1 iwnnnt nnrlarfltind the habit of takina wino in small I quantities is a simple stimulant,: -Quarterly Review. 