A GHOST STORY ! Much stir has been, caused amongst the peaceful inhabitants of ITargreaves Btreet aud its vicinity by the appearance of a mysterious being, after the witch ing hour of night, whose appearance, rapid movements, and sudden exit, when supposed to be within the grasp of numerous courageous individuals, have led to the supposition that tho apparition is no mortal mix turo of earth's mould. Various and remarkable are the stories related of this strange being. Clad iu the whito garment, well known to be assumed by the visitors from other worlds, stalking with unmeasured Bteps about the Bite of the various government offices, and disappearing, like a flitting shadow, when sought to he secured— this nocturnal perambulator has raised curiosity to the highest pitch, and excited no inconsiderable tremor in a circle of fast young persons, whoso courage has never yet been questioned, and ? whose ability to furnish a volunteer corps has been re lied on by theiradmiringfellow-citizens as the bestmeans of rescuing our Indian possessions from the villanous sepoys. It would take a 'leader' let alone a 'local' to narrate the hair-breadth 'scapes of several ladies and gentlemen well known to fame, from personal contact with this peripatouting incomprehensibility. Ladies have fainted ; bonnets and shawls have been recklessly discarded ; life preservers have fallen from the nerve less grasp of the lords of the creation ; savage dogs j have suddenly lost their Ben3e of responsibility, and refused to give tho accustomed howl ; all persons aud things have been put completely out of joint by this sudden aud inexplicable vision. On dit that the ' peelers' have been called into more than usual requi sition, and that a strong escort is nightly re quired by several gentlemen whom patriotic duties prevent 'from returning to their suburban re treats till after the well-known time when sprites walk forth. An amusing story is told of a municipal celebrity, who was met with hair erect, and in a state of unparalleled excitement, and all the account he could give was, that he had had a narrow escape from something that had been purring at his heels. But the solution of the mysterious problem aye, that's tho rub 1 Is it some indignant shade who has thought proper to revisit the glimpses of the moon for the purpose of protesting against the lato disturb ance of the hallowed grouud iu which its mortal re mains had sought a final repose? Is it the tutelary genius of the municipality trying to work upon the fears of the degenerate councillors, to induce them to depart from the error of their ways? Or is it some veritable sonnambula, unconsciously arousing the fears of her fellow citizens by thus following out her peculiar idiosyncraey ? Or rather is it some child of Belial not having the fear of honest hands and whips before his eyes, who thu3 ven tures to play his fantastic tricks before high heaven 1 As various sub- committees have been formed for the purpose of furnishing a solution to this knotty problem, we will not be rash enough to hazard a conjecture ; and as the matter will doubtless comc before their Municipal worships this evening, as much light will be thrown upon the subject as it is capable of bearing. We beg of our fellow citizens to give the thing a patient investigation, and not resort to auy rash and uncon stitutional procedure. Por instance, a worthy citizen, rather more lightly clad than ordinary, had no sooner peeped out of his own door last evening, than he was pounced upon by detective, backed by a host of irate resoonsibles, aud threatened with the veugoauco of the law. A simple explanation sufficed to set the sup posed defaulter free ; but rashness might lead to un pleasant consequences. Timo discloses all things, and wo do not despair of being enlightened as to the rsal cause of this nocturnal phenomenon. — Miners' Rk'lit. ? ? ? Nerevv's Frsnoii Grammar : Michael T. G.ison, 139 Elizibeth street.— Monsieur Nerevy has in this little work supplied a deficiency which has long been complained of by parents and guardians both here and in tho old country. Most of the French grammars already in use present insuperable obstacles to bennners— not t) speak of dreary lucubrations and elaborate superfluities that might 'puzzle a professor.' Here everything superfluous is discreetly -00 ed away, and the elementary structure of the Iau ,e presented with a clearness and simplicity, which SlirfuHb'tate both the teaching and learning of French. Tt is no li/^t praise that Mr Davit, principal of the TVTmlpl School!.' ? declares that its ' clearness, order, and ace.' The grammar is very creditably got up, and at an unusually moderate price. 