THE ROBBERS OF LE MA UVAIS . PAS. We, lounged about in the hotel of Lans-le- Wff®; during the hot hours of a summer day, vhi)st men and horses were taking their rest . jjd sp far as any movements of animate nature J re re concerned, it might have been midnight, r n- the evening, however, the world eeemed to i ome alive, and preparations were maae tor i par journey over Mons Cenis. With the ad- | aftional guides, postilions, ami cattle, we formed I a respectable cavalcade. The moon shone s: brightly upon our path, with a light so clear I and soft, so silvery and so chastened, that it I' contrasted most pleasantly with the dazzling, I scorching heat of the past day. The atmos- I phere was as calm as nature's rest could be ; I and the purity of the air gave an elasticity and i freshness to our spirits that we could scarcely I/hare imagined. Fire- flies sported around us pike animated diamonds, and the side of the 'Iroad was sometimes bespangled with glow- rworms. Under such circumstances, one feels what is the pleasure of mere animal life, where \- there is the height of corporeal enjoyment without the aid of any stimulant but that which heaven's pure breath affords. It appeared al most treason against the majesty of nature, to disturb the silence which reigned through her dominions j and when we spoke, it was in a subdued tone. We walked on foot the greater part of the ascent, up three long windings made in he face of the mountain. Then the extra hoses were turned adrift, to find their own wty back to the stables, and we entered the cffriage to gallop down the Fiedmontese side 0' the declivity. ;j: My nearest companion, an elderly French man, who was usually very garralous, had been 'on this occasion much absorbed in thought, and had preserved silence for an extraordinary length of time, though the twitchings of his countenance, and the shrugs of his shoulders plainly told that he was holding an interesiing conversation wiih his own h art and memory. At length I asked the cause of his musings and frequent ejaculations. " Ah, sir ! " said he, " bow different are the circumstaoces of this ; : night from those I experienced thirty years ago, when I traversed this mountain. It was on a yyintry day, when the ground was covered with snow, which lay in some- places to the depth of ;:forty feet, and filled up many of the ravines, tib that we were in constant danger of going 'cover a precipice. The wind blew the snow. »-:drift so fiercely as to blind our eyes, and the Iggides were frequently st a loss to discover the right track. Six men were obliged to hold up the carriage with r pes fixed to the top, to pre- vent its being blown over ; and the patient vhorses, poor brutes ! often turned their faces ifrom the dreadful storm. We were almost " frozen with cold, although we opened our port- ' manteaus, and put on all our wardrobe. H> a»en defend tne from such another journey, and the horrible night that followed in that murderous inn ! " Perceiving him to be much excited, I felt the more anxious to know the strange ,pvents to which he alluded, and asked " what /could have tempted him to travel in such die- " mal weather, and what horrible circumstances _had occurred on the way. He then gave me the following narrative : — jbl was then young, an officer in the army, in the time when Napoleon carried on his last V-wprs, »nd all' this country , was in a very trou- Sibfed condition. "At the period referred to, I fcwhs sent with an' older officer to bear some ."despatches "of importance to Italy. He was a, an Italian, who bad once been in the service of "'Austria, hut had been1, taken prisoner at Maren go. a d had 'j ined the army of the Emperor. He was a clever person, in whom much confi- dgnce seemed to be placed, but so very wary \- aqS su-picious in his disposition, as sometimea- i'-ttTamuse and sometimes to frighten me. He .-seemed to make every allowance for my youth, and eeldom checked my ardent spirits, for I 'was gay and thoughtless; but I was likewise 'brqve and skilfull in the use of arms, for which : reason, I suppose, the captain took me with hun on that journey. These mountains were i great'y infested by robbers, chiefly disbanded soldiers of Italy, so that few persons conld tra- i yel in safety. In a short time we sh ill pas- !' by-ja place called Le Mauvais Pas, well known or the murders which -have been there cum- i mitted. A woody marsh.lies on the left hand of the road, and the ruins of some buildings destroyed in the war on the rght— I shall point ilthem out to yon — and amongst these ths ban- : dits lurked, and suddenly pounced upou a passer-by, or shot him before he was awaie of bis danger. A little further on, where two roads meet, you will see some large house", -which were once inns, and the landlord was in ; communicai ion with the robbers of Le Mnu- i vais Pas, so that the traveller who escaped from : Scylla fell into Charybdis, Well, sir, I have told you about the dreadful weather in which welwere obliged to cross Mons Cenis, the pas sage of which occupied the whole day; and as our orders were ' peremptory, we pushed for ward at all hazards till nearly midnight, when we reached the door of the inn I have men tioned, where we were to pass the night. I suppose we 'escaped all previous dangers by tbe latenesB of the hour, as no gentlemen were ex- i peered to travel on these roads after dark. I Glad we viere when we arrived at the hotel ; 'the very th"iight of a warm fire and hot soup i gave me life. We knocked long and loud be- ' fure the gate was opened, and the carriage passed into the court. The captain told our servant, who was a'so a soldier, to bring his little portmanteau and a small canteen. of pro- Visions into tbe room where we were to sit; the other baggage was left in the caleche. I saw the landlord narrowly eye the portm mteau. but ho said not1 ing, and hastened to get ready for our entertainment. A small stove was j lighted at one end of a large room, the other ; end of which 1 could scarcely see ; so that it ! was far from comfortable, but it was not for us to complain after what we had suffered in the j cold. A thin candle was placed on a table, a cluth was spread, and some Bouillon was soon served up. But the captain could not eat it, and ordered Guiseppe to bring Borne compot out of the canteen, fron which he made a ea very soup. The host then brought us a fricas- eeo ; but it also was rejected, and a cold fowl : oubstituted for it. This rather displeased me, | and 1 was beginning to intimate that I should (prefer the hot dish, when a scowl of the cap tain's made uie shriuk into insignificance, and j 3 let him do as he pleased. As he doggedly irefu-edto eat anything furnished by the land lord, on tlie plea of a weuk stomach, which 1 had never known him to complain of before, for he was a great gourmand, I guessed that he was afraid of poison, and secretly execrated his uuspicinus temper, rejoicing that I was not > jealous Italian, . ' Have you any other guests here to-night ? asked the captain, appearing to take no notice pf the prying curiosity of the landlord, who ii vain tried to ascertain who and what we were. ' J Only a prisst on hie way to Turin, Poor man/ he haa been stopped here for two days by the storm, and travels on foot/ ' And what may be the reverend father's name ?' asked my companion. ' Fra Carlo Benevoluto,' replied the other. ' Ah ! that is a distinguished name, i think I have met with some padres of that name. ' Very likely,' said the landlord. 'There are others of the family in high orders ; he had a brother killed at the battle of Marengo, as he went to administer the consolations of religion to some dying soldiers. They are a devout family.' ' Ha! is Padre Carlo gone to bed ? Perhaps he would do us the honour to drink wine with us/ The host replied, " that he had retired to eny his pr iyers and count; his rosary, which he did several times a day, holy man ! but he might not yet be gone to sleep. Presently the padre himself made his ap pearance, with an air of meek devotion, crossed himself, and blessed the name of the Virgin and his patrou saint Carlo. The captain gave liiin one searching glance, so as almost to dis compose him ; but it passed over, and we en tered into friendly conversation. A couple of bottles with facetious talk warmed us tho roughly, and we proposed retiring tu rest. The captain was shown into a bed-chamber which he did not at all fancy. We had before con versed about the Italian inns, and he had cau tioned me always to lock and barricade the doors at night. Now, he was himse f put into a loom which had three doors besides the one hy which we entered from the stair, and none of t-hera could be locked, as the chamber was a perfect thoroughfare. He looked much dis composed, and asked which of the rooms I was to occupy. The landlord apologised for taking me a little way off, as the neighbouring beds were already occupied, and it was too late to make any alterations. One of the adjoining rooms was taken by the padre, another be longed to himself, and his wife was in bed ; and the other door led to a passage and small apartment into which his daughter and maid servant had gone, giving up their beds to the company. I was then conducted to a room on the other side of the padre's, but had scarce got into bed, when the captain came in, bring, ing his little portmanteau and candle. He broke out into a furious invective against the vermin which were in his bed, and which would render it impossiole for hiin to sleep there. As thiB misfortune was no uncommon thing in those countries, it excited in me no surprise save that an old soldier should be daunted by. such diminutive enemies. L'pon my instantly offering to resign my couch, and try if I could sleep amongst those Lilliputian marauders, he imperatively declined, and said that he would repose in a chair beside me. He then examined the door, and found that it had no fastening, and as it opened . into the padre's chamber, it could not be barricaded on our side. He was terribly disconcerted, and walked about in con siderable emotion ; then setting the candle on a marble commode n- ar the door, lie seated himself near me and beside a table, on which he placed two pistols and a carbine, which he examined and cocked, and laid my sword upon my bed. A number of curious thoughts passed through my brain, tickled with the idea of a hero of many fights being dislodged from his encamp ment by a few insects ; and my imagination suggested a glowing picture of this wonderful campaign, which would form the subject of an excellent farce. And then his timidity — to be afraid of a lonely landlord, with three women and a holy priest. He would make another Don Quixote fighting with a windm 11 or aflock of sheep. I so relished the thought' and the sight, that I was unwilling to yield to Mor pheus, whose, magic influence, had — booome heavy— but' was beginning to doze, 'when I thought I heard the creaking of the door," and looking through the curtain, I saw, «r dreamed ( saw, afaint shadow dimly reflected on the wall. Turning to the captain, I perceived him eyeing the door, with a' pistol, grasped in his hind, which he was just raising, when the door qui etly closed, and all was silent. About -in hour afterwards the same was repeated, and ..sleep vanished from my eyes. J dared not speak to the captain, who did hot close his eyes for an instant ; but kept them fixed with sentinel keenness upon the door, and his hand upon a pistol. He called, us early, ordered h or >es to be put to the carriage,- and told Guiseppe to make coffee in the mode he liked it. Guiseppe looked in an enquiring . way, caught his eye, and immediately obeyed. The padre joined- us, and very meekly asked permission to occupy a seat in our caleche. which, to my surprise, was courteously granted, and he was invited to partake of our early re past. The captain kept him in constant con versation, and although be changed his seat once or twice, always managed to rise forsome- hingand sit opposite to him, and never to be beyond reach of his pistol". I was confounded, for they seemed to be playing a gams at move ments. Ait length the word was given, 1 Let us go !' and 1 was curious to see how the game would now be played, especia'ly as some addi tional pieces bad appeared on the board, in the shape of the landlord's wife, daughter, and ohambermaid, all big buxom dame", whose tall figures I much admired, but of whom my com panion seemed as suspicious as of the holy father. He passed no compliments, and ap peared much chagrined. Yet he managed mat ters most adroitly, his object, as I thought, being to let nobody walk hehind us. Sigoor, rim and tell the postillion to mount the white horse, for the black one sometimes kicks. Sig- nore, please take these cloaks, and spread them on the seats of .the carriage. Girl, take the candle. Father Benevoluto, be kind enough to take charge of this bottle of eau-de-vie, and put it into the far pocket of the carriage. Gui seppe, bring this portmanteau. Andiamn, (said ho, puehing all of us, before him as he followed with his firearms. In a trice we were at the carriage- door). Father, -don't get out again ; pray be seated. O signor, pray hold that black horse! TJp, Guiseppe, and keep this carbine in your hand, and- look about you for robbers. It is a bad road. . Ladies, addio I , Va I ' We were off before weknew wherewe were, and the captain urged the- pq-tilli'in forward ; but' we hod not proceeded a ' .quarter, of a mil when he called out to stop ; - and in a hurried tone, addressing Fra C. rlo; said: 'Pardon me, Father Benevoluto. I have left some papers of importance on my bed — do, pray, go and fetch them ; we await your return and, without stopping for his r<ply, opened the door and nelped him to descend. I'was just beginning to offer my own services, when a grinding oath, half emitted, silenced me. ' Good father, do >e quick ; for I can trust nobody with those papers on this vde road hut yoursell ; no thief would rob a priest/ It was impossible to re use ; and Fra Carlo set off at greater speed than I had deemed him capable of using When be was out of sight, my companion sternly ordered the postilion to drive on I quickly-. He replied that we wore to wait for the padre ; but the captain thundered oat : — ' Hark you ! make no noise with your whip, but spur your horses to a gallop, and koep them galloping till I bid you go slower. The moment yuu stop or crack your whip, I ahull send a bullet through your head. Va !' Off wo went, slapdash ; how long I know not, for I was overwhelmed with surprise, afraid that the captain had become deranged, and that 1 might be the first victim of his violent temper. At length he called out, ' Piano ! piano ! ' and we instantly passed through St. Antonio, where we met a military patrol, to whom the captain showed his paBsport, and said that there were suspicious characters on the road between this and Le Mauvais Pas. The officer bowed low, and ordered his men to keep a sharti look-out. As we proceeded he smiled and exclaimed : — ' Now we are safe, and can take breath a little — thanks to the holy Virgin and all the guar dian saints fur our deliverance !' I ventured to say, that though some things did look rather suspicious in the inn, yet I could not fix upon anything really villainous, and Bhould not have imagined any harm, unless I had perceived him to be so much on his guard ; that I did not much like the landlord yet the women were handsome, and I was much pleased with Fra Carlo ; but the priest and himself seemed to be playing a game at seats and places, and he had certainly check-mated him at last. ' Yes,' said he ; 'it was a game for life. So Carlo Benevoluto has assumed the padre now ! methinks he will not long wear the cowl. Tiiat man was in my regiment when I was with the Austrians, and he was condemned to death for theft and murder, but escaped through the ar tifices of his brother, a priest, who was shot at Marengo, as he deserved. He has forgotten me, but I well remember him, and that gash on his forehead, which I gave him when I cut him down, but missed splitting his skull. And yon bed — there has been foul play there. You are yet a young dog of war; but I can smell blood anywhere ; I instantly smelled it, and traced it to the mattrass, which I found all stained with gore. Had I fallen asleep, we should boih have slept there our last sleep, as many, I fear, have done before; but we shall he ir if Captain Boeci, who passed last week, has arrived safely ; if not, th-y shall all be broken on the wheel. Those handsome wo men ! I will wager a thousand scudi they were men in disguise : I never saw such women in Italy before. ' In sueh times as these, young man, you must be always watching, it you value your life and love Mademoiselle Fouchette ; and remember walls have ears, and eyes too.' I intimated that I thought so when I saw him pointing a pistol at a shadow twice during the night. 'A shadow ! it was the shade of Fra Carlo, and such sh"dows play with stilettoes ; I saw one when his cloak was off as I passed through his room to come to you. Ghosts do not flinch from a levelled pistol as be did.' At this moment, the Frenchman hade me look, fur we were approaching the dread'ul spot. There, indeed, stood two ruinous houses, forming a large mass of building, with small grated windows and a high court, all shut up and going to decay. He looked and sh ugged his shoulders, and continued: 'The cursed bandits ! they met with a deserved fate.' The manner of their capture I have heard only by report, for we returned to France by another route. One evening, at dusk, two horsemen rode up to the inn ; but when the large gate was opened, one of the beasts became frisky, and" refused to enter. This frightened the other, and they capered about, to the great discomfort of the landlord and his people, who could not come into the gateway or shut the dour because of their antics. As thev ware becoming more quiet, a posse of gendarmerie ,«lA<ihed.in and taolc pn.iSQsaion-oftho pra-meae. A search was instituted, and the remains ot 200 or 300 human budies were found in the grounds, besides a great deal of concealed plunder. I need scarcely say that Italian jus tice did dreadful work with the murderers; and the inn has bedn shut up ever since. No one will venture into it — it is haunted ; but the iMauvais Pas is still a dangerous pluce for lone travellers/ : A carbinier at this moment rude up, and asked our parry if we had seen any one on the road, for a robbery had been committed a few days ago in that place. Short Courtship .- — A short time since a gen- 'tleman who formerly went out as an emigrant to Australia arrived in Sunderland. After a career of successful industry he had become possessed of considerable property in South Australia, where, a few years ago, his wife fell ill and died. He then resolved to visit his native land to seek another helpmate. Shortly after his arrival, while walking along North Bridge-street, Sunderland, he met a respec table middle-aged widow lady. He entered into conversation with her, and on meeting a second time he found her lonely and desolate, owing to her only daughter having been mar ried a few weeks previously. The gallant Au atralian at once offered his hand and heart, which were frankly accepted by the fair one. I'hey were speedily married by special license, and the happy couple have since embarked for the distant shores of Austra ia. Fly Loo. — All our readers may not perhaps be acquainted with Fly Loo, which, we are told in Chambers' Journal, " is an amusement exceedingly popular in India, afiording, as it does, a vast amount of intellectual excitement with little or no exertion. A pool is formed, and a piece of sugar placed on the table before eaoh player: whichever lump ib pitched on by first by a fly the lucky owner wins the p <ol. The anxiety with which an undecided insect is watched by the gamblers is of course intense." " Look on this picture and on that " — We find the two lollowing notices in the Launces- ton Examiner. They ore their own commen tary : — "More Absconders.— On Friday last, three passholders in the employ of Mr. Charles Alfred, between Avuca and Fingal absconded. They left their master's residence wiih file- arms, professing to go shooting birdB, but 'shortly after they stuck up the shepheru's hut, from which they obtuined another gun. They then returned to Mr. Alfred's, and a ter plun dering at will, took to the bush, of course. The con tabulary of the district has been roused to the alert, and some natural anxiety has been a <akene t auiung the settlers, it being generally reported that ihese men are Norfolk Islanders. 1 ha fear of being sent away is sup posed to have incited them to turn out, and their example, unle-s prompt measures are taken to prevent, will probauly be fnilowed by others of similar character. Convict Preven tion Act. — Mr. Matthew Itiely publiehes a cir cular, which he has forwarded to several mem bers of the Parliament of Victoria, and to His Excellency Sir Henry Buikly. in the hope that step will be taken to ensure the repeal of this unjust and injurious statute. According to vtr. Riely, Tasmania has lost more than a mil lion of money through tho obstruction of the Convict Prevention Act since Novomber, '52, 