MEXBOJJJi^E XiVSV BOIXCS. Bv Nimrod's Ghost. A bright sky overhead, but moist ground under foot, gladdened tho hearts of tho many sportsmen who ns3em hied, on Saturday last, for tho first open meet of tho Mclbourno Pack. Tho tryBt was the Brighten Hotel, at two o'clock; and, shortly after noon, tho worthy citizens of our colonial metropolis were startled from their accustomed hum-drum business avocations by tha unnsualappcarancoof Bundry 'pink-coated' horsemen, ' got up regardless of expeneo,' who mingled brightly amongst the busses, drays and carriages which throng our activo streets, from l'nnco s tinugo to bt. Kuan the eye constantly caught sight of a ' bit of scarlet,' cantering joyously, or pacing demurely, towards tho ap pointed spot; and many a now chum grinned from oar to ear with astonished delight as he welcomed a scene of advanced civilization such as ho had little reckoned ou finding in tho Antipodes. As friend caught up friend, salutations of exultant joy wore bandied about, and tho way they talked dog to ono another would havo astonnded Squire Meynell or Asheton Smith. Every rcspcctahTe hostelry on the line of route was called upon to furnish sparkling bumpers to the bucccss of tho coming season, and many a cavalier could hardly havo dared affirm whether tho courage he felt was ani mal or spiritual. On reaching tho ' Brighton Hotel,' a beautiful scene greeted us : tho hounds were packed up round the whipper-in as still as auto matons, and about forty woll- inountod men, many of them in full hunting fig, were gathered around in admi ration of tho spotted darlings. Ladios, too, were there 1 bright-eyod, spirited creatures, whoso look of happy excitement clearly declared that they saw no reason why the lords of creation should have all tho fun to them selves. ; After a few minutes spent in impacting the pack, and criticising the assembled horseflesh, tho master drovo up punctually to time, bid tho field a hearty ' good day,' and then gavo tho word to move. It is well known that on the Saturday a run is always suro, tho master taking care that there shall be a good bagman ; but it is not known where and wbou tho scent will bo hit off, or what lino will bo taken ; every one, therefore, who is used to tho eport is on the out rire for a Budden burst, for when tho hounds do start there is no mistake in their pace. Accordingly girths and hats wero tightened by the old hands, and their eyc3 and ears were opened wide to catch the first fcatbor and whimper ; nor had we gone moro than a mile over tho heath, when crash came a burst of music, and the pack were all off together. What catch ing tight hold of the head by some — what flurried fumb ling amongst tho reins by others 1 'Whafs up?' anxiously asks the tyro, but ho gets no re sponse, unless somo chaff about finding out by his organs of Bmell. Away we rattled over a plain heathy country, with nothing to Btop us, and the pack lying beautifully together. * For a couple of miles this lasted, till tho heath got bo high that the scent becamo light and tho alow bounds dropped ratherastem. In another milo wo got a check, but tho master made a speedy cast and away galloped again, with some booming fences in view. Just, howover, as there was every prospect of tha field becoming select tho hounds turned off to tho loft, and many an indifferently mounted man rejoiced in his heart at the liberty thus accorded 'him of continuing hia career. At length, after a capital burst of al-out halfa dozen miles, there was aery of ' Tallyho,' and in a few seconds tho pack fairly ran into thoir quarry, a fino dingo. ' Whoo- oop!' shouted tho master, as he jumped off his gallant littlo Peter, and raised tho -warrigal aloft. ' Break him up ! break up the varmint 1' and with ono accord the eager canines buiiad their ivories in tha car caso t rown them. In a second the brush was cut off, and to whom do you think waa it given? Whet — you can't guess P Shame oh yon for not reading tho Ghost's writing more carefully, and donblo shame for not in stantly guessing tho master's gallantry ! Why, of course, to one of the fair sisters who had bo well and bravely ridden in tha first flight and who were both up at tho death. . ? This duty over, a rush was made by more than a Bcoro of riders to share tho Bpoil. Nearly everybody was up in timo, and nearly everybody wanted a token of hu prowess. But, out of a scalp and pads, it was impos sible for each to got a legitimate proof of his where abouts at the finish, and bo several funny fellows hacked they won't exhibit them as ' brashes.' \- After a short spell, a second Btart waa mado, and, to tho Biirprise of all, tbo hounds wont away full cry within half-vmilo of the kill. But, alas I for thoso who bad not jumping naga, tho first object in tho lino was a booming new. threo-rail fence, and it proved a stepper to tho majority. Mr. Watson led tho way over, and Messrs. James, Bigaell, tho Whip, and ono or two more, took tho leap woll (amongst the latter a promising young horse of Mr. Millar's, jnmpod it in style) : tha others took lineR for themselves, and managed to got a little fun by riding over somo minor fences ; but thoy all lost tho direction, tho hounds running their gamo down near Cheltenham. Soveral spills occurred, but no nccidonU, and tho first opon day may be Baid to havo boon most successful. Thif afternoon tho moet is at Dunnot'a Greyhound Inn, Brighton road, and ' Nimrod's Ghosfhoiios to teothero a noble minster of determined men, and a bevy of tho fair box to cheer them on to becoming deeds. 