^MBTEOPOLCTJ^ GOSSIP. I abatas ia Vt baa Mt in with .xtraotdlnary aérai Aawtafcag to Ulk about, mani ibm on» trUrnal Gao) tie thing ta not to bo thought of. Now» la at fan r^a already ; bat, »UH, aa there ara no new d "Journale annonooed aa fortbeoming, aaa ai the old o ara not advertising freBh extensions of their sn] fieiallty, the crisis in the destitution line, of whioh tt types are always symbols, cannot have arrived. As a aa it shall there is no conjecturing what's to be d< When Lord John, in his Forget- me-Not viridity d babbled o' green fields in hexameters, concerning last man in town -" Remote, unfriended, melanoh slow," the eouplet jingling with something about Rot' row-it took some time to get oat of town, and to into it too. But now the evaporation ensues at a gi signal with a spectral celerity that would enchant ghost of his lordship's early gnome-conjuring acqua anoe,Monk Lewis. The Parliamentary oartain fi and exit everybody in a twinkling. On this occasion^ disappearance has been more than usually sadden. ' vicinage of the Treasury is as lonely as Tadm< scarcely a Tadpole to be seen in it; and the pent cockney wayfarer in that region sighs for the epoch Frederick Peel, who was at all events worth an omnib full of Ramsden«, not only in bis own esteem, whioh a thing of course, but in tbat of all who know the \ of bright particular Tapers. Something more than alliterative affinity prevails between Palmyra and P -mall. The arid desert of clubdom, in the nabob nei -bourbood of the Oriental puts in one's head thoughts 'that overland route across whioh the new Carnot, as Tj&ey; Evans calla our war-minister, won't transport An .-red-costs to astonish Sepoy blaok skins, hut sends th to quadruple the time by doubling the Cape, never m miscalled Good Hope than in this instance. Dowh 1 di (appeared, and isn't expected to turn np till the 3! of September-quarter day. We hear of aotivity at 1 Horse-guards but see none. The pair of sentries uni the.portals are as equinely immovable as ever, looki like sphinxes-that is British sphinxes, who wii ' [whioh Egyptian ditto don't,] and thereby puz ruminating nursery-maids on perambulatory thong infant. " The Girl I left behind me" shrieks from ' ear-piercing and wry-neoked rife of recruiting officer 'Duok-lane, Westminister ; but the " goose step" does i ? in consequence, become as popular as marching colon could désire, despite reduotioa of regimental standard ?*~'&re; feet five, whioh Barnum must think isa prelimini \- design of the Britishers for the inveiglement of Tc ' Thumb, by way of completing the Crampton kidnappi; ' process of infelioitious diplomado memory. Round t Tower, appeals to " spirited young men," with red ii ? effigies of the same jumping over black nine-poundei in the manner that Cardigan didn't at Balaklavo, ma all dead walls alive, within the Minory bills of mortalit but:the animation is seemingly confined to the printei and'deahiog white serjeants walk about the dooks disconsolate as Surrey Garden shareholders wi \- Coppook'a promises to pay in their pooket. By and it may ba better, and luokily very much better it is sa to be in th« country ;-if it wern't Nena Sahib mig ?hake'hie head at us with as much impudent impuni as Xeb. But at present it is vain to hope for any sc of vivacity in this moribund metroplls. Basingha street of course excepted, where the authorities a \- 'fulminating fiats as though the oraok of doom were band, aa certain no longer wiaemen .of ? tho Eai Leadenhall-street to wit, seem to. think.is really tl ease. Well may [they think so.' All their supposed-to-b long buried enemies are coming to life, and a hastening to the banquet, like ghouls, on the carcase \- John Companee. From every part of the earth epistl pour in against the unhappy corporation ; and the Rino whioh arrived yesterday, brings materials for pamphlet enough to compel Panizzi to move for another ne ?"'.reading room at the British MuBoum. On every BU accusers are cropping up. The logarithms of " Napii of the bones" would be insufficient to compute tl number of Napierean assailants hastening to substai tiate the oharges of the bearded vision that swept Soind One7 of tba most ferooious of these, and whom it is I ?? presumed Nena-will send the grand cross of the Ord« of the Hyena, is Mr. Robert Davies Luard who Bproul out from Brussels in thirty-two leaves, eaoh as alarmin as one of the locusts lately found in London, presagio plague in the mind of the superstitious cockney. Laar \- who was .formerly a magistrate in Bombay, and is no sojourning in Belgium, seemingly cultivating nightmare ~ on indigestion in the fenny realms of the phlegmati -''Leopold, " dips bia pencil in earthquakes and eolipse, \- and paints his former employers in the' «ablest of India ? ink. He says that chaos is the only cure, and that ont the Anglo-Indian cities are reduced to the condition < those on the Dead Sea, or liko deserts, no improvemen is to be hoped for. These are literally his words, an he fortifie» them 'with illustrations drawn from bis. prc fesaJonal experiences. 'Take a mild sample :-" I foun a boy named Ookajee Nanabboy had been enticed int the house of a man named Monookjee, (then, and I fane ' now, a judicial officer of the Honorable Company,) an there deliberately murdered, and boiled down fe Hrs. Monookjee's special eating, she bein . under tho impression that such fare would enabl ber " to bear children." Pity. that Soyer did'e extend his "Culinary Campaign" (the volum \- so called is to be out on Monday,) from Stambou to Surat, where this dish was served up. Boiled youn Hindoo for ladies in an interesting situation, or wh \- ? wished to be so probably, would be a novel entrée in th « most diversified corfe that even the ex-che/ of tb Reform Club kitchen could call to raiod. Vet it isn't si muoh of an innovation either. Nothing new under thi \- - sun even' here, where we are so very far from the no . quaintance of the luminary, much less in Asia, wber< people are his next door neighbours. Have we not, loni \- ago, before the invention of crinoline, been introduce! by the poet Pope to a British female actually com pl i mented on being " so very mild, that, to make a wast she'd scarcely stew a child." Mrs. Monockjeo is clearly a re ' lotion bf that lady, the family predilection being developed with-a merely slight difference. Aa for Mr. Monockjeo, 'it is to be lamented hp was not in communication witt Mrs. Bardell, of New York, who would have suggested ?that the!most convenient mode for providing heirs foi ladies who fruitlessly love their lords, is to have one brought home in a basket;-tbat is, provided tho police are out of the way, whioh they were not in Mrs. B.'i ? ease.;. But then that wouldn't matter in Mrs. M.'s ; not didn't; for, aooording to Luard, the police knew all about it; and tho more they knew the more they didn'l -. . care. Child boiling, however, is an item hardly wortl: note in Luard's bill of indictment, whioh he mockingly calla "Reconstruction of our Indian Empire," doclaring, ali the white, that reconstruction is out of the question, because of what be pleasantly calls the " oorruption, falsehood, murder, and tyranny of whioh these paget contain an outline too suanty to convey the faintest ides of the fearful reality." And with a floal howl in the Habakkuk Mucklowrath strain, exit Luard, lato judge and magistrate in the service of the Honorable East India Company, in the Preaidenoy of Bombay. At Surat, first founded of all the Company's mercantile set- tlements, it appears thore is kept up a large Hindoc ?.- hospital for sick animals of all kinds; that is to say all \- 'kinda known in Gentoo r oology; but this clearly doesn'i include distempered two legged dogs-in-the-mangor, . otherwise Robert Davies Luard would now be under- going, at the benevolent institution aforesaid, a course of pummiue-stono and sorubbing-brush that would bave checked the eruption of bilo and erysipelas \- aoridity just indioated. A sstrist of a different, but not ices damaging stamp, is a son of tho late Dr. Arnold. This gentleman, '- lieutenant in tho 08th Bengal Native Infantry, some few years ago, wrote a novel, which made a great sonsa " tion in Anglo-Indian oiroles here, having reached a seoond edition, and was reprinted in America, called . " Oakfield, or Fellowship in the East," descriptive of the inner lifo of our Eastern sooiety ; and . particularly ' -repulsive panorama it presents, far whioh purpose the ' recollection of it is now being reoalled by the good natured friends of the direotort. It gives one pretty rauch the samo notion of the agreoablos of Calcutta, &a;,, as those extraordinary letters in the Nord, professing to . come from the some places, but whioh some gentlemen very far north among ourselves say are written muoh < nearer homo. Homo or abroad, however, home they strike, though not a whit harder than "Oakfield," nor on ° aorao points half so tender. For Ínstanos, our friend \- and countryman was all through tho Sikh wars, and he tells tales of tho British lion's oncounters with the Lion of Lahore, by no moans unlike those of . tho Staff Officer in respect to Inkerman, so shooklng to the j >.? amour propre of the gallant member for Westminster, ! bat whioh, it appears, are now substantiated by tho best poBBsible authority, Pennefather, tho non-appointment \- .of whom to high command in In ia at the prosent june ' turo is unaccountable, s ive that being conspicuous at "Moanep, he is thoroforo distasteful to Dowb, who would BB soon swallow a porcupine as promoto any one associa 'ted with. Napier, . Thus.Arnold tells of that shookiog -.generalship of tho " Tipperary tnotlos," whioh oil but led .to oar nnnlhilitlon in tho Punjaub,' and thoroforo procurod' peerages for Homo people,, just in the ,woy other people oxperianaod for similar services in the Crimea. He tolls how tho Sikh ohlef Arod a Bnluto of twenty-one nuns for bin victory at Ghillionwalla. One of tho oharnolora says-" It is provoking that big people should be' still Allowed to go on "tolling" Hes to eaoh othor when ovnry body knows they aro Hos. It never can bo a wiso polioy to tell a lie sure to bo found out victory, wbn every boto la tb*oo«»^ l»o»a «^w^ defeatr -Ha,- waUe. «>^«¿ ^"M^ bMt of it. I grant JOB it J^J\^J^éS¡mT¿ _i.<n_. |aac> »ha ??ma if it baa man a eaiaai, aa rarwM waa? wb«?« wara thoroughly mwAmmM "^/Tbïn'foUoira detalla of tba r#Mon why of afi thia ; how tba Britiah encamped onOT* ^!_"n*" the enemy » Ara; how a oertaia British «frfment waa brought to the charge from an unheard of distance, and then with unloaded piece», icc. ".""""i-.w (.inn Charming réminiscences, just now, partioularly, taken in connexion with this suggestive cl"nT»u°001.n'fn«,fr: that the first thing which occurs to Arnold on Ind»!" India is. how would the scene, look supposing there was no English there at alli He tbinksit would look quite aa well as it does, and as it probably did a couple of ?housand yearV before a Smith, Brown, Jones or Minson was invented, and as it probably will look a fouple of thousand years after they »am diaapj^. precisely as Mr. Disraeli argues in respect to Damaasna vertut Birkenhead. And where's tbe wonder, if what AÄ says be true :-« Why should it ^ a Provo'b .1 and to so great an extent a true saying, thatan English- man leaves bia morals at the Cape. ^ society in India should be so wofully behind all Euro- pean society elsewhere?" Arnold, be it observed is no croaker, and has no private grievance to avenge by wholesale vituperation, like I^ard. He never forgets, he is the son of his father, and that father Arnold.of Rugby, him of tho honest heart and the wise head, the fearless tongue and the benevolent feeling. Nor is the son the least of a pedant because the parent was a pedagogue. On the contrary, though a practical philosopher, or rather because he is so, he is a humourist ; lingly quizzes many a popular imposture. «»pe°»»y »he HarrV Lorrequer code ef oonduoting the duello, ahowing Sat Lever's formula for fireatera is unerring in pro duoing an explosion-of laughter. Talking of codes, tho Indian one of Lord Macaulay is in tremendous request ever since Bab was made a baron. The Parliamentary printer's passage, in JTT", Lin coin's Inn Field*, has been blocked up this week, like Bish's lottery- offlce in the luoky hms, long, long ago, with inquiries for that hitherto neglected profo«*T' now sought foras though it would olear up the great Aston mystery of the greyed cartridges. But tte mora it is wanted the more it can't be got. Hansard huon* copy. What has become of those he had nobody knows, for nobody ever made use of them, except the butterman privileged to purchase on the usual terms, j2|d. per lb., 21 3s. 4d. per cwt, whioh is about one quarter what the work cost the publio per line. Talk of printing in letters of gold. Why, had this been printed iniruby and dis mond, it wouldn't come to half the oost of the authorship alone. Macaulay was several years at it; at many thousands a year for himself; many hundreds eaoh for foHr special assistants; and countless supplemental thousands for no end of incidental», outfits and home, fits ; and all for a misfit ; for soon as ever was VT*T** this prodigy of codification, which was to have obliter ated Jeremy Bentham, it was laid on the shelf, and for gotten till now, twenty years after, when a coronet brings it to recollection, and turns the public head in the pro- cess. Supposing he of the Lay of Ancient Rome had declined the compliment atthebandaof CwisRomanusf What plaudit» should we not have about the antique simplicity of the modern Tacitus ; what acclamations about the aristocracy of intellect, native nobility, and commonwealth of letters; what sarcasms on humbug of Herald's College, mummery of Mayfair, raediccyal mountebanked, Jenkins' pinohbeck, gilding refined gold, painting the lily, and pouring essenoe of mignonette on the polyanthus I But, behold, the sexagenarian Bachelor of the Albany enters the hereditary hierarchy of the Painted Chamber; the glowing young panegyrist of the republican Milton and crown-cracking Noll subsides into an elderly ermined brother of the feudaleique ?mild; and, lol the welkin resounds with eulogium. Shall not Cromwell have a statue now ? Surely ; and Hudson too. . ... Gentlemen skilled in the art of peeping into mill- stones will have it that there is more in all this than meets the eye. They won't and don't believe that Macaulay oares twopence for the titular tinsel per te; for why should be, sny more than Robert Stephenson or Robert Peel value any handle, Norroy, king- at-arms, could attaoh to bia name,which name, moreover.ja not transmissible? Who and what then isit for? Wait till the patent of the peerage is gazetted, and then you ll be wiser. Meanwhile, it is no harm to recoiled that there is in existence a boa-constrictor of red tape who would swallow the Bed Book, and all its contents, which in- cludes nearly every Treasury thing worth having, and then would wriggle for more. This ia the conscientious gentleman who took a couple of thousand pounds for the trouble of taking his salary of the same amount during the auspicious time of the Irish famine, when he devised the ingenious Boheme, at a million's coat to the country, of having holes dug and filled up again, by way of pro rooting productive employment, and, therefore, of course, was made a K.C.B. Sir Charles Trevelyan, for he it is, has also been a great codifier of Indian laws ; end has snubbed and beotoied and bullied and pooh-poohed everybody who told him that the very best thing he could do for India laws and the Indian people was to let them alone. But he wouldn't. He never leta anybody or anything alone; and keeps all Whitehall in a Maelstrom of maddie and froth and foam with his fussiness. This, he considers, entitles him to a peerage ; and perhaps it does, as peerages go. Bat as there is a difference of opinion about the point, he modestly waives his direct claim, and is oontent that a lordship should fall into the family through his unwedded brother-in-law, T. B. M., the Holland House Froissart of the hollands'-quafflng Dutch Cid. ..... \ , . Sir Charles will be quite in bis element in arranging about the fee» for ennobling his relative ; and perhaps will set off his own services in looking over the account as a receipt in full for the charges. These are no trifle. From a return out to-day it appears it takes AU«5 to be made merely a Knight of the Bath, ¿39 of this being invested in the discovery of grandfathers, that bf mr . genealogist to find or manufacture a pedigree. Rather odd, howover, this exploration ha» to be repeated if tho Knight should become a Grand Crass; and so again through all the grades, up to K.G. It would be infra dig. if the grandfathers wert not dug up at eaoh turn, or, what comes to the same thing, if the genealogist wasn't permitted to rehearse the part of vampire. Exceptions there aro, but most rare ; two only in the present list of forty. One is Earl Dundonald, who, by tho woy, should try his fire-annihilator on Nena Sahib ; we needn't be so squeamish about that ebony visaged vagabond as wo were about our friend Pahlen'a friends of Hango and Sinope. The Earl was appointed a Knight close an fifty years ago; in 1814 he was removed, because of the Coohrane hoax on the Stock Exohange; and in '47 he was restored; but the fees having been paid in the first instanoe, tbe officers didn't apply in tho second. Forbearing cormorants! The second was Admiral Sir C. Dullen, who died so poor that again the officers forbore to press for their perquisites, whioh they couldn't have obtained ; and therefore they take out the amount in puffing their own magnanimity; abstemious vultures I But they'll have their reward in pillaging the peers of tho new oreation. Thoy must be whetting their beaks at the proBpeot of Lansdowne's Dukedom, strawberry leaves being partioularly piquant in their nostrils. Several years ago, when the marquis was last supposed to be on the move upwards, it was suggested here that Kerry would most probably be bis title, and the idea has been revived in tho pepors now. But matters have altered since. Then Ireland's one Grace was compara- tively of no virtue ; now he is a triad of excellence, at least one of a family that is. Being father-in-law to the Duohess of Sutherland's daughter, he is cousin of some sort to half the Cabinet, as also to Carlisle, St. Vitus Viceroy of tho sister Kingdom. These won't sub mit 'to the division of the solitary singularity of the ducal head of the Desmonds and Geraldines; and as the Lords of Broadlands doesn't care three straws about these hair-splittings of O'Briens and O'Flaherties, he'll make the Druidical Petty Duke of Stonehenge, or other arobroologioal somewhere in Wilts, and so an end. More coronets are said to be on tho Ministerial anvil, and tho ouriosity-mongers are agog to learn for what particular polls, individual in the first instanco, and eleotoral in the second. The death of tho " dark imperious Earl," Fitz hardingo, whose race is all but run, in a two-fold sense, will open up double Gloucester patronage in the realms of Berltloydom; and wo shall have that picturesque Draoo of tho game-laws. Grantley, in again, whioh will be pleasant, ns Bright is nittod already in tho Wost minster ring. In time wo shall have haok all the old notabilities of St. Stephen's ; that is, all who are alive, and are either ornamental or usoful, and perhaps snmjy who aro neither, of which intolerable neutrality a sample is nt hand in tho advertisement columns of to.day's dreary dally paper. . , ' ' '" " Plain Jook'a partioularly plain hoir, W. F. Campbell, most verdant of youths, ls again o-fiold, in searoh of a seat;-for Greonwioh this timo,lt has boon anywhere else every other limo. Can any ono aooonnt, did any ono .over,'try lo aooount, if not, lat tho British Asaooiatlon sot about endeavouring to account, for the phonomenon of aitnto lawyers being, nlrabst invariably, tho progenitors of stupid sons t From Sir Thomas Moro, whoso wire preyed for a boy, " who oonlinuod a hoy till tho end or ' his life," as another Thnrans Mooro sings, down to Eldon, and not forgetting Erskine, tho rule holds good in ro. gar'djto Chancellors) while as to Justices, wo needn't go furthor than the present and past, for if wo go to Ellon, borough, it ia on tho exceptlo,probat otoetora. prin- ciple'. Perhaps it ia fortunata for Brougham and Lynd fcàra^ ^ MM ti lUmnimpámUm Vmê MMttg ttl« «amito rrarfatwity, Owt *> aw soi of OMI MMIH;.' » OM HMr* bani ? jrMagr Mot, . ir»»ti natara! tap wa Mir M MM ii votM Milka of bia, pr vida* ho wm aapabla of batea toaoa anything: moi ttl la «us a Hon «Ma. Wo taro OBI* to look at toa rather! .atnlty of tho ?till shrewder Sootofajntn io qaestjoi Probably thara ia not a longer-beaded, fartber.ieeiiii and, what la often of much more consequence, o luckif man in her Majesty's dominions than tbe chief of tb I Queen's Benob. Host fortúnate in his professioni career, and in his matrimonial, which was a principe part of it ; rising on tbs rains of every man be came ii collision with ; displacing two of the most brilliant ani conspicuous celebrities bf bis time-Plunket and Den man being literally dragged off tbe bench to maki way for him; extorting a peerage for bis wife a j the price of his silence at a season when i ! was convenient to whiggery be should hold bil Í tongue ; and long securing a seat in the cabinet without , any political, offloial, or other claim whatever, and eon ' trary to all preoedent, for he had no pnblio influence I Court favour, or family weight, »nd was an utter oiptaei in party reckonings; doing all this without ever beina. 1 more than a mediocrity, bis history is altogether unique I He is now olose on eighty ; some say a good deal moro; and bis faculties are as sbarp and active, in their re 1 speotablo way, as the oldest of ns remember, for he I never attraoted mnoh noteout of his legal course, and not ? great deal there. How a personage so penetrativo as ta tbe weaknesses of others-for that waa tbe real ladder of his elevation-can blind himself to the nonsense ol his son's senatorial ambition, is one of the moat striking illustrations of the mote and the beam ever offered to j human optics. It isn't that young Campbell ia merely a ninny :-if that were all there would be a considérable 1 hope for him ; and at any rate he wouldn't bo singular. But he is a ninny and a bore ; and that's a hybrid which neither gods, men, nor newspaper columns can possibly tolerate. Every constituency that is open fora candidate, be addresses in the silliest imaginable strain of solemn drivel. He dates these addresses from Stratheden house, so called after bis mamma, whose title he inherits; and doubtless they are revised by bis papa. "I his supposition would be incredible were it not that when be sat for Cambridge, a few years ago,' and filled Sib thorp with envy at bia rival niaseme, his preposterous performances, which threw the House into hysterics, were beheld from under the gallery by his parent with an enraptured com- placency snob as Chiron, the centaur, might gaze with upon the gymnasties of the infantile Achilles. Tbus encouraged, and encouraged ¿sinoe in all his epistolary, canvassing ooquettings with half the boroughs tbis side the Tweed, and probably some few beyond, what wonder he now beseeches the electoral hearts of oak at Green- wich, soliciting their most sweet voices to enable him to raise bis bartih one, once more to make nigbt hideous in Palace- yard t His stock tonie is liberation of the Jews ; but, with his usual felicity, he ia confronted by a Hebrew of the Hebrews, Salomons, late Lord Mayor of London, who formerly sat for the borough, and. who, if he hadn't been overruled by BothBchildean influences, would have continued to Bit, and to vote too, as he would have compelled the cutting of the Caucasian knot in the only way it will ever be divided. It would be just aa I easy for the camel in the proverb to pass 'through the ¡ eye of s needle as for this Campbell to get in for Green- wich ; but, nevertheless, in he will try to get-on paper; once mere will be crown himself with foolscap, pending inheritance of the maternal coronet, with the Abinger arms-two angels vested I-[qaery, ja Scarlett f] and tbe Abinger motto-sui» stat viribus, He rests on his own strength ; a most inapposite legend in W. F.'a ease. Far better the isthet's-Auaaciter et aperte, Impudence will pick a Chubb's look. 