A SUBMARINE VOLCANO. I (Knmi tlie Sua Francisco Ilrrald.) I Captain C. II. New oil, of the whaling I) Aliiv Fcasier, gives the follow in;; description of iho action of ii sub marine volcano which sprang into ex istence in the Straits of Onnimah, in Int. "id 31!, long. lli/5, on the "2,'ith ol .7uly last. There were live or six ves sels in company it the time when the volcano hurst, and threw an immense hotly of wafer to a tremendous height ; and alter which it emitted lava and pumice-stone on the deck of the vessel. This singular oceanic phenomenon is corroborated by the masters of the whaling ships William Thompson, Scotland, and Kntorprise : " Barque Alice l'msicr, nt Sea, October HO, 1 "About the '2(ith of July, while passing in company with some others, through the Straits of Onnimah, I ob served ininy of the mountain peaks upon the adj .cent islands undergoing strong volcanic action, ejecting vast clouds of dense black smoke. A few other whalers, in company with myself, had just rounded the west point of the island, close to the base ol the volcano upon that end of it, having been enjoying the close view of its tre me.idnus eruption, and listening to the long rumbling roar, as we underwent several successive shocks of partial eartlxpiake, when the wind suddenly died away from a strong breeze to a calm, and left us entirely at the mercy of the eruptions close in with the land. After several hours of vaiSous grades ot action, ever'ytnin# seemed to grow tor the wo'se The throes ol'the elements and groans of ihe sphere b:came rapid'.y .more ominous. It at last became perfectly calm-so calm that the dense, black, unearthly smoke from the crater, rushed headlong into the heavens, without deviating to any point, an indication that there was a faint hope of a coming breeze for us ; then gradually dissipated into cold grey clouds, from which fell showers of ashes, locking in the distance like ruin, though fulling rather like snow flakes. At this stage of things, after about twelve hours' calm, there sprang up a light breeze from the south, teeiningly about to rid lis of our dangerous com ; and von may make no doubt but we endeavored to profit by it, tven to the miihIIckI sail we could >et. " Hut then c-.me the worst of all -the .witi.la acti'ig upon so dense a body of smoke, blew it flat down upon the surface of the water, making it, for inore than a hundred mile:., as I ascertained fiom others, an almost total eclipse shutting the land under it entirely front sight. The ashes rained down upon us like a snow storm, cover imr everything from (lcck to IvucV under one giey mantle of cinders, ?,") mn -.( blinding the people exposed, nmf ;r.«vi,,g den.-e nn '. more derse, nearly to xulFiiO.itioii, until we he£>im (" CO[)_ jure up another .«cciif of Pompeii and More' il.mo im.and t ink we should cume ;iir rather wnrv.: than I'iiny's li lie in the Bay of Nrii.Ic;'. As th'.- breeze incr lived we work"d our way to t|le twtward. loavi:> r the scon liing, sntTo. eating in iss rolling aw "y :.i v!-. . mi)t|, upon the ossteni board. One.' clear '.v.' h id a 1-injr ji,h to jiet dear of die s'u.\s - .washing and scrubbing in ab ltidance. I have vni.ed seveial volcanoes in their it itivc <tngf.i, hut that iva< a littlmore of the coalpit business tlian agreed with my taste in those matters. " lint the grand sublimity of the tiling was nil to (Mine. As the breeze built up into 11 dishing wind along came tour other ships, when, jn*t "s they got fairly in with the north base of this mountain, nazing upon the grand ebullition above them, there followed ,i long low rumbling directly beneath them, and there sprang into instant ex istence, simultaneous with the sound, a vast terrific volcano among the very fleet. First, the waters boiled and rose tumiiltuonsly into chaotic waves, then sprang, as by an elFort of some vast fountain, into a splendid column o{ rolling waters to a great height. Thi» gradually disappeared. Then from earth to heaven, with a thundering sound which rocked the very welkin, there sprang a burst of smoke ami flume, as if earth's whole internal fires were seeking a vent therefrom. Fol lowing this it commenced casting up lava and pummice stone, from the size of a pebble to thai of n boulder, cover ing all the vessels with lesser fragments of each, and keeping the ships' com panies in the most intense anxiety, from fear of either being blown into the air or crushed beneath the sea. These grades of action continued only for a time, the eruption sinking almost m sudden as it came, when the waters rolled into the vacated chasm with the rush of a whirlwind, meeting in the centre from every direction, and whirl ing into a vortex only equalled by the Maelstrom, uttering a voice littlr short of the British Niagara heard from Table Kock. " The ships escaped, leaving the sub marine volcano undergoing a succession of changes of comparative quietude uul violent action, its throes assuming about the same character as the first, with unequal intervals limiting tho various stages it passed through. : c;. II. NkWKI,!,. PRINCE Af,nF.nr's UNroruiMiurv. -The residuary charges are in soma c;..«s specific, iind we see no reason why they should not be explicitly stated. As to the truth of the stories we have not the slightest voucher; but they nre current, nnd they are abso lately uncontradicted. It has been said, for example, that the Prince, who j draws £30,000 a year of English monoy, is not in the English sense of the word liberal, and ywiir Englishman cannot I abide a grc.it rn.-tii who is nut open ! ? r.ded. It is a graver accusation that j lie 'las studiously s;-t himself to bent i I nvn the prices of artists, mul that th<j I'.- i .ice is customer from whom liand > 'ie payment cannot he expected, j A.-other charge is tliat of personal j > h-i-ileiir. Wu h.'ve heard it related 'li -t a most estimable professional man wi .1 attended at the palace to corrcct royal work, when he had per formed his task in solitude, was asked bv a servant what was his charge? On which he went away indignant, with out waiting for payment. The hauteur may he regarded as n reason why the last Highland visit was a failure; for biM. year a story was sent about of much umbrage taken by the Scotch '.?entry at the manners of the Prince. At sonic Highland gathering it is ti ld, ]ie saw a proup ol young l.ulies conspicuous for their attractive appear mice, with whom he desired to bp liet« t<T acquainted ; lint, instead of r.sking to he introduced to liitm, us even a Prince rusticating might have ilt-igiifil fo do, lie torned to bis equerry and said, "-, present them !" and then too!< up an imposing position, prepared for an impromptu ceremony. These stories, may be all false ; lint they are uncontradicted-perhaps only because tlu-y have never been frankly stated. Tlie grain of truth that is in tlirm may he nothing more than necessary consequences ofj German birth and manners; for, no doubt, a part of the popular mistrust is simply vulgar pre judice-inistru t of the i'nnce bccause he s " a German." He is suppo'61' 1(1 li.-n-c patronized a particular J-tyh- °» tailoring in the army, slid we ''o n"' ii'lui'ri; its taste; hut in tl e eyes of the public that avatar of Oobm'g was shock ing, unconstitutional, ugly- The "hat at l.M-it wis never contradieted, and it his probably been taken to contirm "(inn! nf the worst tattle against tlio t'riice. - zjicc/utor. A.s- Kcni.i:siAsncAi- Cuiuojirv. A correspondent sends us the following copy of a document in Winchester Cathedral:-" To work done, soldering and repairing St Joseph, Hd ; cleaning and ornamenting Holy Ghost, Cd; re pairing the Virgin Mary befo e and behind, and making a new child, 4s 8di screwing a nose on the Devil, putting « new horn on his held, and glueing a piece oil his tail, fis ; total, 11s 4d. Morning Star. 