The Star. DAILY ISSUE. MONDAY, 30TH MARCH, 1857. THE “ BENEVOLENT PLAT- FORM FEVER,” AND ITS FIRST VICTIM. WE hope that the Citizens Committee — that impartial body who borrowed their philanthropy from Lord George Gordon, and stole their rhetoric from Edmund Burke—are perfectly satisfied with the deadly issue of the convict mutiny, at Williamstown, on Thurs- day last. Blood has been shed, and human life sacrificed. That blood was the blood of MR. INSPECTOR PRICE ; that life, the life of the man upon whose devoted head has been poured the howling invectives and rancorous abuse of the whole tribe of felon- hero-worshippers. He whose stern discipline awed and subdued the most ferocious ruffians, —and yet who was known to deal in the most humane and considerate spirit, with reclaimable and penitent criminals, has fallen be- neath the savage attacks of his cowardly assailants, stimulated to the commission of the outrage—as there is every reason to believe—by the conviction, (whispered by the dissemi- nation among them of numerous copies of the report of the Citizens’ Com- mittee,) that the sympathies of the public were arrayed upon the side of the convicts, and that Mr Inspector Price was as much an object of hatred to the community at large, as to the hardened ruffians by whom he was assassinated. “ He has paid a terrible penalty,” says the Age. “ His untimely and unfortunate end is the melancholy re- sult of that vindictive feeling which his own conduct and policy have fos- tered in the minds of the convicts under his charge.” A terrible penalty, indeed ; and we do not envy the feel- ings of those who can gloat over such a calamity. But to the unscrupulous sympathisers with the villains impli- cated in the murder, the tragedy, no doubt, presents something of a heroic aspect. It was not a sanguinary mur- der, but a solemn act of retributive punishment, — “ a terrible penalty,” justified by necessity, and sanctioned by the lex talionis. We presume that a public meeting will be called, for the purpose of declaring that, in this in stance, “ killing” was “ no murder,” that the assassins have deserved well of their country in general, and of the Citizens’ Committee in particular, and that an act of grace or plenary amnesty should be at once accorded to them. All this will come to pass if these wretched popularity-hunters are sin- cere in their belief, and consistent in their conduct ; and “ Evil deeds have their permissive pass, And not their punishment.” If, however, in spite of the Citizens’ Committee, the law should be per- mitted to take its course, and its ex- treme penalty should be visited upon the murderers, or either of them, their names will, no doubt, be inscribed, by their sympathisers, upon the pages of the Victoria Martyrology. In dealing with such desperate villains as the convicts of this Colony was Mr Price’s discipline too severe ? In the case of such miscreants, no, emphatically no ! We would not speak with unnecessary harshness of any of our fellow creatures. While we could perceive the ghost of a chance of reclaiming the most hardened and profligate of our criminals, we would make the effort for his re- clamation, hopefully and heartily. While any latent spark of goodness could be detected as existing in the nature of a malefactor, we would not altogether despair of his moral amendment; but we must bear in mind that we have, in this colony, a considerable sprinkling of the worst desperadoes that can afflict society ; men hardened in iniquity, — men whose whole career has been one succession of criminal atrocities, — men almost sublime in infamy, — men of brutal instincts, brutal habits, brutal feelings, brute physiognomies, and brutal passions, — men who super-add the cunning of human intellect to the physical force and ferocity of the wild beast. Such men may be cowed and awed, but never reclaimed. Soft words and gently usage will not conjure the devil out of them ; it must be subdued by a stronger will and a more determined nature than their own. For the subjugation and control of wild animals, a Van Am- burgh is preferable to a Howard. Let us hear what Thomas Carlyle has to say upon this very subject :— “ Howard abated the Jail-fever ; but it seems to me he has been the in- nocent cause of a far more distressing fever, which rages high just now ; what we may call the Benevolent Platform Fever. How- ard is to be regarded as the unlucky fountain of that tumultuous frothy oceantide of benevolent senti- mentality, ‘ abolition of punishment,’ all absorbing ‘ prison discipline,’ and general morbid sympathy instead of hearty hatred for scoundrels ; which is threatening to drown human society in deluges, and leave, instead of an edifice of society, fit for the habitation of men, a continent of fœtid ooze, inhabitable only by mud-gods and creatures that walk upon their belly. * * * * In brotherhood with the base and foolish, I, for one, do not mean to live, not in brotherhood with them, was life hitherto worth much to me ; in pity, in hope not yet quite swallowed of dis- gust,—otherwise in enmity that must last through eternity, in unappeasable aversion, shall I have to live with these ! Brotherhood ? No, be the thought far from me. They are Adam’s children,—alas yes, I well re- member that, and never shall forget it ; hence this rage and sorrow. But they have gone over to the dragons ; they have quitted the Father’s house, and set up with the Old Serpent ; till they return, how can they be brothers ? They are enemies, deadly to themselves and to me and to you, till then ; till then, while hope yet lasts, I will treat them as brothers fallen insane ;— when hope has ended, with tears grown sacred and wrath grown sacred, I will cut them off in the name of GOD ! It is at my peril, if I do not. With the servant of Satan I dare not continue in partnership. Him I must put away, resolutely and for ever ; ‘ lest,’ as it is written, ‘ I become partaker of his plagues.’ ” We are unwilling to weaken the force of this pregnant passage by any supplementary remarks. If Carlyle's observation of the criminal classes in England has led him to the irresistible conclusion that it includes a consider- able proportion of hopeless reprobates, “ supreme scoundrels,” and “ Devil’s messengers,” as he elsewhere calls them,—what would he say to our Vandemonian ruffians, steeped to the very lips in all manner of iniquities, and case-hardened by the frequent commission of the most revolting crimes? And yet it is on behalf of such men that all this “ morbid sym- pathy” has been evoked. It is the presence of such men at large among us that partly necessitates the mainte- nance of a costly police establishment ; and it is, in part, to keep such men in safe custody, when captured, that we are compelled to keep up prisons, hulks, stockades, and such like penal establishments. Finally, it is by the hands of such men, stimulated and en- couraged by popularity-hunting citi- zens, that the fatal blow has been struck which has deprived a fellow- creature of his life, and the colony of the services of an able functionary, zealous in the performance of his duties, and a martyr to their faith- ful fulfilment. 