HINDOO THEOLOGY. We extract from the Spectator the following part of a review of Mrs. Spiers's " Life in ancient India." So much obscurity (says the reviewer) hangs over early history, that the mind is at a loss to assign to any country the origin of the useful arts, and of a certain progress in civilization. Conjecture may plausibly point to India or China ; the actual evidence we possess is in favor of Egypt. On one branch of human in genuity, and that the loftiest and most difficult religious speculation — the palm must be as signed to Hindustan. Some modern critics hold that the earlier Hebrew writings, as we new possess them, are the re-production of an age long posterior to Moses : it is possible that the chronology of Hindu literature is not yet fixed with certainty. The received dates of the earliest Vedas, 1200 or 1400 years before Christ, is anterior to the writings of Moses, 1450 n.c. Theism is, to Western apprehen sion, more declared in the Mosaic scriptures and the book of Job, and with a more just view of an overruling Providence, than in the Vedas. The first of the following passages is however, a remarkable speculation of a time before Moses, especially if the version of Sir William Jones is correct. It will be seen how the translations of the same passages differ : and this difference not only induces a doubt as to the perfect correctness of this particular pas sage, but extends to many other things. Writ ten language is a wonderful mpdium, but it is an imperfect medium. f !.'/ . " For these and other reasons, the age»; attribu ted to the Rig- Veda' is 12pb,V 1400®, c.v'What religious opinions pr&yailed; at so' rCrtidte a period, was long a mystery1; but the early enthusiasts for Sankrit conceived' t'llgt.- Monotheinri'-was In dia's first belief. Sir WUljam db'nes.-was told that the daily prayer called Gayafri was an ad dress to the Sun, taken from the Vedas; and, ob- tainiuing a copy and explanations from a Pundit, (or learned Hindu,) he gave the following ren dering, heading it— " The Indian Philosopher's Belief " Let us adore the supremacy of that divine Sun, (opposed to the visible luminary,) the God head who illuminates all, who recreates all, from whom all proceed, to whom all must return, whom we invoke to direct our understandings aright in our progress towards his holy seat. " This may happily give the views of rare phi losophers, such as the lamented Rammohun Roy ; but it is not the doctrine of the ancient Vedas ; and of this all students will soon be competent to judge, for translations of the several Vedas are in progress in England, France, and Germany. " Mr. Colebrooke gives the Gayatri thus — " ' Let us meditate on the adorable light of the divine Ruler (Savitri). May it guide our intel lects ! Desirous of food, we solicit the gift of the splendid Sun, (Savitri,) who should be studiously worshipped. Venerable men, guided by the un derstanding, salute the divine Sun (Savitri) with oblations and praise.' " Dr. Stevenson presents the following from the Sama Veda — " ' We are sustained by the super- excellent pro visions furnished us by the resplendent Sun. May he prosper our sacred rites !' " And lastly, Professor Wilson translates it — " 1 Let us meditate on the sacred light of that divine Sun, that it may illuminate our minds.' " And this last rendering may be considered as correct, both in text and translation, as human sagacity can make it. It recognizes spiritual light, but it is vague and indistinct. Sir William Jones assumed too much, and, amid the wilful confusion of the dates given to him by his Pun dits, could not always distinguish the limits of India's first or Vedic sera ; but now correct tran slations and comments have thrown open the subject, and such inaccuracy would no longer be excusable." The following hymn from Colebrook is of later date. It is carious for its admission of space and its chaotic description, the distinct fheistic action of a "ruler," and of subordinate powers, " gods." " Then there was no entity, nor nonentity, No world nor sky, nor aught above it, Nothing anywhere .... Nor water deep and dangerous. Death was not. Nor then was Immortality, Nor distinction of the day or night; But that breathed without afflation .... Darkness there was ; ThiB universe was enveloped in darkness, . And was undistinguishable water . . . , Who knows and shall declare whence and why This creation (ever) took place ? The Gods are subsequent to the production of this world ; Who then can know from whence This varied world uprose ? . . . He who in the highest heaven is ruler does know, But not another can possess that knowledge." At perhaps a later period, speculation has advanced to a species of Pantheism, though a creative power is acknowledged. " He, prior to whom nothing was born, And who became all beings .... Produced the sun, moon, and fire, To what God should we offer oblations, But to Him who made the fluid sky and solid earth, Who fixed the solar orb . . . and framed the drops of rain ? To what God should we offer sacrifice, But to him whom heaven and earth Contemplate mentally ? . . . . The wise man views that mysterious (Being) In whom the universe perpetually exists, Resting upon that sole Bupport. In Him is this world absorbed ; From Him it issues ; In creatures is He twined and wove, in various forms. Let the wise man, conversant with holy writ, Promptly celebrate that immortalBeing Who is the mysteriously existing, various abode." _____________ Old Letters. — Looking over an accumulation of old letters — what a strange mixture of feelings that induces — heart-sickness too often predoim nant as one sighs, ' Ah, for the change 'twixt now and then!' ' I have a little packet,' says the au thor of ' Dream- Life,' — ' not very large, tied up with narrow crimson ribbon, now soiled with fre quent handling, which, far into some winter'snight 1 take' down fromits nook upon my shelf, and un tie, and open, and run over with such sorrow, and such joy, such tears and smiles, as I am sure- make me for weeks after a kinder and better man. There are in this little packet letters in the fa miliar hand of a mother. What gentle admon ition ! — what tender affection ! God have mercy on him who outlives the tears that such admon itions and such affections call up to the eye ! There are others in the budget, in the delicate and unformed hand of a loved and lost sister — written when she and you were full of glee, and the best mirth of youthlulness. DoeB it harm you to re- cal that mirthfulnes : or to trace again for the hundrdeth time, that scrawliug postscrip at the bottom, with its i's so carefully dotted, and its gigantic t's so carefully crossed, by tlie childish hand of a little brother ?' Well says Sir Bulwer Lytton, in his last, best uovel — ' My Novel' he rightly dubbed it — that a thought written in warm, sunny life, and then suddenly rising up to us, when the hand that traced, and the heart that cherished it, are dust — is verily ns a ghost. ' It is a likeness struck off of the fond human being, and surviving it. Far more truthful than bust or portrait, it bids us see the tear flow, and the pulse beat. W hat ghostcan tho churchyard yield to U3 like tlw rating of the ilwl ?' Sebastopol.— We find the following letter from Constantinople, dated the 6th of Oct. " A person who has just arrived from Sebas topol states that that place still presents tin aspect of destruction, scarcely any houses be ing tenable, and the only ones that are so be ing those which the French bad put in order for themselves. The forts of the northern side are only occupied by a garrison composed i 1 the remnants of the crews of the fleet. Tie streets are literally covered with the splinter- of shells and shot. In the Naval Fauboun.. detachments of men have been for weeks pas' engaged in picking up the shells which had no' burst. Kamiesch and Balnklava contain an im mense quantity of old warlike material, such as ents, carriages, &c.; The hut- barracks at Balaklava are still standing, and are guarded by Russian soldiers. This is the only place where any windows are remaining unkroken. In Sebastopol there is not one pane whole." The once wealthy city of Amsterdam has declared itself bankrupt. The burgomaster and town council have applied to the king for a repeal of those taxes which Amsterdam has to pay to the government, in order that tlie amount so received may be appropriated to municipal necessities. A Balloon Ascent. — -A Verona journal giveB an ascent in a balloon, effected a few days ago by M. Auboin Brunet, the aeronaut, in the Arena of Verona. The balloon rose with tre mendous velocity to an altitude of 7200 feet, when, owing to the extreme rarefaction of the air, and the bad state of the valve, which, it seemed, could not be opened to let out the gas, the balloon burst in three distinct places. For tunately the shreds adhered to the outer net, so as to form a kind of parachute, and tlie aeronaut found himself descending with appal ling velocity, but yet with sufficient regulari.'y to enable him to climb up the net and to ar range the flapping silk, so as to render the do- scent less precipitous. He then, being still at a height of 400 feet, got again out of the car, but this time to cling to itB bottom, in order to avoid the concussion and break the violence of the landing by the elasticity of his legs. 1 le succeeded, and landed at Santa Lucia, a ph. :e near Verona. For some minutes afterwards he was completely deaf, but this soon wore o;f, and he returned to Verona the same evening, with only a few slight bruises. Another Caspar Hauser Story. — A letter in the Algemeine Zeitung tells a most romantic story of a girl who was found in Novembfr, 1853, wandering about near the village of Weiskirchen, in the Banat, almost in a savage state, unable to speak intelligibly, though she was full grown. The girl has been carefully educated, since that time by Frederich Eeh, the teacher to whom she was confided by the municipal authorities of Offenbach. She is now able to give some account of herself, and tlie result has been published by Herr Eck in a pamphlet just printed at Frankfort. What can be collected from ber is that before she was five years old she was seized and carried away from her mother, who lived, according to her description, in a large house like a castle, and probably situated somewhere in Hungary. For some 15 or 16 years afterwards she lived in a place underground, in the midst of a forest, where she was tended by an old woman named Bertha, and a man named Eleazar used to bring food and clothes for both of them. About seven years after her arrival there, a little baby, 2 or 3 months old, named Adolf, was brought to the subterranean dwelling, and remained therefrom that time. No instruction was given to either of the children, but they were kindly treated. In October, 1853, their foster- mother Bertha took the girl out of the cavern, put her into a carriage drawn by two horses, and conveyed her into a place where she was abandoned, near Aschaffenburg, whence she wandered about until she was found by the country people. The little boy was left behind in the under ground abode. Such is the story which Herr Eck has been able to gather from the girl's broken recollections. The Austrian Govern ment has directed all possible researches to be made by the local authorities to clear up this mysterious affair. The Red Nuns of Belgium,. — There is in Bruges a community more interesting, perhaps, than any other conventual establishment, for a certain veil of mystery which enshrouds it, and from the fact — easily explained by the un- healthineBs of the locality in which the con vent has been unfortunately placed — that most of its votaries either die young or lose all ap pearance of health soon after entering it. The Red Nuns are of the aristocracy of Belgium ; their vocation iB entirely "contemplative," and thus they lend a life utterly devoid of human interests. So soon as they have taken the vows of the order, and assumed the scarlet robe in honor of the Saviour, they bid farewell for ever to their families. Never till death " unbinds the silver chain" are their visible forms brought in contact with the world Then they are laid out, dressed in the robes and ac cessories of the order, with fresh flowers strewed about them, and tall tapers shedding a serene light on their fair, young faces ; the gates are thrown open to the public, who are permitted to view the corpse. from a distance, the chanted requiem continuing throughout the day. Adventures of an Alchemist. — Bragadino, whose real name wa3 Mamugna. was born in the island of Cyprus. He pretended that he was the son of Marco Antonio Bragadino, Go vernor of Venice, killed by the Turks in 1571. After a voyage to the East, where he became initiated into the secrets of the Alchemists, he went to Italy, in 1578, under the title of Count Mamugnoro, and there became very famous, making public exhibitions of his power of transmuting metnls, which power he gave out as the origin of his own wealth, — the fact be ing that he derived his money from dupes, to whom he sold the secret at a high price. For no one seems to have been surprised at the fact that all these gold-makers demanded large suras of money for their secret, when it would have been so easy for them to keep their secret, and make all the gold they desired ; and the Emperor Ferdinand promised many thousand thalers to one whom he employed to discover the philosopher's stone, never reflecling that, if found, the ston6 would render such a pro mise needless. So Bragadino sold his secret. If the purchasers did not succeed, it was be cause they had not properly followed his in structions. He succeeded— as witness his public exhibitions. Did he not, in the palace of Can- tarenu, astonish the assembly by changing mercury into gold ? His secret was simply to employ an amalgam of mercury and gold. Nevertheless the Doge of Venice purchased his secret at an enormous sum, and Bragadino quitted Venice before his cheat was discovered. In 1588 he travelled over Germany, under the name of Count de Bragadino, He declared that he had Satan himself as his slave, — an as sertion well calculated to inspire respect in Germany, where the presence of two large black dogs, ferocious and satanic in aspect, al ways by hi side when hq was performing his nysteries, was undeniable evidence of his hav- ug demons for slaves. . After astonishing- Vienna, he went to'Munich. and in 1590 was -nminoned to exhibit his skill befor the Court. Unhappily for him bis cheat was detected/ and1- he was hanged without hesitation. The. two dogs, innocent representatives of the black-, gentleman, were shot underneath the gallows. Extant of British Amcrica.Sa.m Slick, in -his last work entitled "Nature and Human Nature"' thus speaks of the extent, resources, and progresses, of the British North American provinces:— "Now, doctor, I'll tell you what neither the English, nor the Yankees, nor the colonists themselves know nothing of, and that is about the extent and im-. portance of these North American provinces un der the British rule. Take your pencil now, and write down a few faots I will give you, when you are alone meditating, just chew on 'cm. First, there are 4,000,000 of square miles of territory in them, whereas all Europe has but three million some odd hundred thousand, and our almighty and everlasting United States still less than that again. Canada alone is equal in size to Great Britain, France, and Prussia. j |The maritime pro vinces themselves cover a space as large as Hol land, Belgium, Greece, Portugal, and Switzerland, all put together. The imports for 1853 were be tween ten and eleven millions, and the exports (ships sold included) between nine and ten mil lions. At the commencement of the American revolution, when we first, dared the English to fight us, we had two and-a- half, these provinces contain nearly three, and in half a century will reach the enormous amount of eighteen millions of inhabitants. The increase of population iii the States is 33 per cent., in Canada 68. The united revenue is nearly a million and a half, and their exports amount to 450,000 tons. Now, take these', facts, and see what an empire there is here, surely the best in climate, soil, mineral, and other pro ductions in the world, and peopled by such a race, as no other country under heaven can produce. No, Sir, here are the bundle of sticke ; all they want is to be well united. How absurd it seems to us, Yankees, that England is both so ignorant and so blind to her own interests, as not to give attention to this interesting portion of the empire that in natural and commercial wealth is of infi nitely more importance than half a-dozen W allach- ias and Moldavias ; and in loyalty, intelligence, and enterprise, as far superior to turbulent Ire land as it is possible for one country to suspass another." A Magnificent Retirement. — The retirement of Wallensteiu closed the second act of the Thirty Years' War, and left the field open to Gustavus Adolphus and the Swedes. " Old Father Tilly" made bead against the latter, but he war signally beaten at Leipsic, and mortally wounded on the Lecli. In the meantime Wallenstein lived in proud retirement at Prague, and, if Dr. Vehse is correctly jnformed, in a sort of Arabian splendour. His household comprised nearly 1000 persons. He was .waited on by 24 chamberlains, and by 60. pages of honour in sky-blue velvet. He had ne ver less than 100 dishes served at his table, and he had upwards of 1000 saddle and carriage horses which fed out of marble mangers in his stables. When he travelled there were never less than 50 carriages drawn by 9 horses, and 50 drawn by 4. In a lofty-vaulted banquetting-hall of his palace at Prague, he was depicted in a triumphal car, drawn by the four horses of the sun, with a star over his laurel-crowned head. His yearly revenue was estimated at 6,000,000 florins (£600,000), and he coined ducats with the legend of his name as Duke of Mecklenburg. He tried to humour even the Jesuits by rich donations. He called in to his service such men as Kepler and the astro loger Seni, and he still kept up an uninterrupted correspondence with tlie Emperor. A Terrible Drama. — The 6 owner de Tarn-et- Garonne narrates the following as having just taken place in the town of Tournon " A re ceiver of taxes, with a grown up funiily, carried on an illicit intercourse with the governess of his youngest daughter. This circumstance gave rise to family differences and to much public scandal. The son of this man, who was likewise a tax-re ceiver in another cauton, frequently remonstrated with his father on his conduct. The latter re ceived orders from his superior to change his residence, and manifested intentions of taking the governess with him. On hearing this, the son presented himself before the young woman, and menaced her with death in the event of her con senting to that step, which would bring further discredit on the family. The governess became alarmed, and gave up all ideas of following the father; tho latter paid her, however, repeated visits at Tournon, where she continued to reside. During one of these visits, the son appeared be fore the guilty couple, and without opening his lips laid the governess dead at his feet by a shot from a double-barrelled pistol. The father, ex asperated at this act, rushed on the son, and af-- ter a desperate struggle, wrested the pistol from him, and shot him dead. The father is now in custody." Curates' Qualifications. — The last number of the Ecclesiastical Gazette contains advertisements from a large number of cnrate3 who want em ployment. They represent all sorts of shades of religious opinions and social states— such as "sound," "moderate," " not extreme," "thorough church," " rubrical," " coincident with the Bishop of Lincoln," " single," " married," " a strong voice," "knowledge of music," "independent means," "energetic habits," "considerable expe rience," while one gentleman offers to serve for board and lodging, and a trifling stipend. — Man chester Examiner. Suicide of a Sergeant Major. — Joseph Insole, a sergeant- major of the 6th Inniskillen Dragoons, stationed at Shorncliffe, attended morning stables on Friday, at six o'clock, and was missed at the parade afterwards. Search was made for him, and about half-post ten the riding-master of the regiment accidentally saw his body in a field near the arch of the South-Eastern Railway, close to the White Lion Inn. When found he was lying on his back, with a discharged pistol close to his feet. He was dressed in his uniform, and had his cloak on. It is arid that deceased must have placed the pistol in his mouth and discharged it. It is thought that he had been dead about Tour hours when found. Decensed bore a high cha racter in the regiment, and the sad event lias cast a gioom over his comrades, who knew and appre ciated his good qualities. He had served through the Crimean campaign, and was decorated with the Crimean medal and clasps for Balaclava, ln- kernian, and Sebastopol. He was about thirty- three years of age and had served in the regiment about twelve years. Deceased belonged to Cap tain Tower's troop, and as he was in arrears with his captain to the extent of some £150., and he had been requested to make up his accounts, it is supposed that he was unable to do so, and there fore committed the rash act which terminated his life. He was lo have been married this week to a respectable young woman. — Kentish Gazette. A Straw upon the Surface. — The warning of the English press by the Moniteur lias begun to boar fruits. Last night her Majesty's Theatre , con tained an assemblage of three or four thousand persons, to inaugurate Julien's winter scries of promenade concerts. At the end of the first part, "God save the Queen" and "Rule Britannia" were suhg with acclamation, and a portion of the audience then called for " Partant pour la Syrie " The demand was complied with, but the air was sung amid on under-current of hisses and calls for the "Marseillaise!" For the first time. since the outbreak of the war with Russia, the French national air elicited sounds of disapproval and unpopularity.— London correspondent' of tlie Manchester Guardian. " One of the 'Dukes of Ormond/ when Lord Butler, promised his chaplainii ,Wieltev. Joseph Somebody, a good living ; hut'inilcceeding to the estates forgot the pr6misfe;':h'e'tfiiret.'time the chaplain preached before the Dukc.'lfa6 selcc- ted as his text, " Yef did not the chief buHcr" refc member Joseph , but forgot him." r The living ' game the nest week. 