THE VICTORIA TURF. VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB SPRIKQ MEETINQ. IN presenting our readers with a necessarily con- densed report of the late brilliant meeting (for which wc are largely indebted to'onr contempo- rary), we may appropriately preface the same by a brief allusion to our lust few days in the capital of Victoria. On Saturday evening, a dinner was given hy Mr G. T. Rowe, at the Carlton Hotel,' St Kilda, to which about sixty gentlemen ol either colony sat down. Mr Rowe presided, supported, on his right hy Mr D. Campbell and Mr Atkin- son ; on lu's left by Mr Goldsborough and Mr H. N. Simson ; Mr Randie occupying the vice-chair. After due justice had bern done to the very "recherche" banquet provided by Mr Sugden, the following toasts were proposed from thè Chair : "The QUEEN"-PRINCE ALBERT, AND THKREST OP THE ROYAL FAMILY"-"SIR. H. UARKLY" "The PRESIDENT OP THE UNITED STATES" (responded to by the American Consul) "RICHARD GOLDSBOROUOU ESQ, AND THE SPORTING MEN OP VICTOIUA" (responded to by Mr Goldsborough, wlto observed that the late match would be far more advantageous in its re- sults than perhaps had been originally contem- plated, as it had fully established ti spirit of amicable emulation between the two colonies, which he trusted would result in a yearly contest for superiority)--"the AUSTRALIAN TURF" (res- ponded to by Mr Hector Norman Simson, who remarked that "the name of ROWE deserved to be perpetuated to the 'centre of creation', by which of course lie meant Victoria',')-"The OFFICIATINO .STEWARDS AND 'JUDGE" IN THE GREAT MATCH"' (responded to by Mr Watt and Mr Brisco Ray). Mr Rusden then proposed the health of "G. T. ROWE Esa", which was drunk amidst thunders of applause, inteispersedby thc usual glass-fragmen- tary accompaniments, and Mr Rowe responded in a speech which breathed a sincere hope that the friendly relations which had now been established between the sportsmen of Victoria and N. S. Wales, might never suffer interruption, but year after year be more firmly cemented. The healths of Mr JOHN ORR, MR G. WATSON, MR RANDLB, MR ATKINSON, MR RUSDEN, MR KIRK, MB E. Row, MR J. K. CLEEVE, MR M'CANDLISH, and other gentlemen followed, and were received with enthusiasm. ? Mr G. Watson proposed "OUR, SYDNKY VJSI Tons", which was eloquently acknowledged by Mr T. Ray. The Chairman then gave "The SPORTING PRESS OF AUSTRALIA", observing that he was proud to see a representative of* the sport I ing Press from N. S. Wales present, to bear wit I ness to tlie courteous hospitality which had greeted the Sydney visitors at cveiy step (responded to by Mr Hamilton for "Bell's Life in Victoria", and by Mr G. F. Pickering for "Bell's Life in Sydney". The health of Mr SUQD'KN¿ the caterer of the sumptuous spread, was then given from the Chair, and having been appropriately acknow- ledged, thc near approach of midnight warned the guests to separate, and with three deafening cheers lor the donor of the feast, drags and nags were summoned, and the Melbourne residents hied them homewards. Great disappointment was expressed that Mr Rowe and his friends could not 2>rolong their stay until Thursday, as the Victorians had intended to have entertained thc Sydney sportsmen at a Grand Banquet in commemoration of the Great Match. In consequence of the opinion expressed by some of the Victorians that TOMBOY was the horse that ought to have been selected to do battle in their cause against the Sydney crack, the follow- ing challenge was published in the Melbourne "Herald" and "Argus" of Monday last: "CHALLBNOB.-VKKO, tba Champion of Australia, is open to run TOMBOY for £1000 n-sido, three miks over tho Melbourne Iiaee-course, in one mouth fnm this date. This challenge is open for acceptance until tho 17th inst. Wm Kundle, Esq will act on the part of Veno. .r. II. ' THUNSOS, Owner of Veno. Dated this 10th October, 1857." In answer to ttiis it was declared by the owner of TOMBOY that lie did not dispute VENO'S claim tb the Championship, and that the only way to conclude a match between the two horses, would be by VENO allowing TOMBOY 281 bs ! We may here remark that it was -decidedly contrary to the judgment of both the owner and trainer of VENO that be was started for the Sweep- stakes on Friday ; and it was only on the repre- sentation that he was backed for considerable amounts, that Mr Rowe allowed him to saddle. Mr Stephens having ascertained this fact from Mr Rowe, then publicly intimated that he would not start Woodpecker; but lo ! at the eleventh hour Woodpecker was mounted and drew up to the post. Higgerson, being aware of Mr Stephens' previously avowed intention of not starting, natu- rally suspected that there was something between Woodpecker and Mosstrooper in the race. Caring nothing for the former, and never dreaming of ToMBor, he thought only of watching Moss- trooper, while Holmes stole a march upon the twain, and, as the event showed, a sufficiently long one. Neither Mr Rowe, nor any of his Sydney friends, so far as wc can learn, had a shilling upon the race. The challenge and answer above given are in themselves conclusive ; but should any lingering spark of affection lurk in the breasts of TOMBOY'S admirers, they may look to have it utterly extin- guished at the approaching Turf Club Meeting. Mr G. T. Rowe, Mr Atkinson, and several other Sydney men, including "our noble selves'", bade farewell to our hospitable entertainers on Tuesday morning, and after a delightful passage in the good steamer "London" arrived at the Sydney Wharf at midnight on Thursday. After the re- moval of the diaper on the same afternoon, Mr ROWE proposed the health of Captain Cottier in an eloquent and complimentary speech* and at the same time begged his acceptance of a massive and I elaborately chased SILVER. SNUFF BOX bearing the following inscription: I FBESENTBD TO CAPTAIN WILLIAM COTTIER, of tho "Loudon"- Steamer, u v G . T . It o w E , Tbs owner ot the Australian Champion Bacehorao VENO, IN COMMEMORATION OT ms UHTIMNQ ENEnor AND SKILFUL OATÎE OP TUB nORSD DCIilNG HIS PASSAGE PROM STflSIIB'Sr. Captain Cottier expressed his acknowledgments in suitable terms, and deemed himself fortunate that it should have fallen to his lot to have con- veyed the Champion to Victoria. WBDXESDAY,. TnonsnAY, AND Fm DAV, 7TH, 8TH, AMD , 9m OCTOBER. Tho first Spring Meeting, under tho management of the Victoria Jockey Club, commenced on Wednesday, and tho racing hns been throughout, both abundant in quantity and superior in qnality to that: of any formor meeting at this period of thu year. On Wednesday, the race course looked dull, by com- parison with tho crowd of Saturday, but according to our com pu tnt inn suma four or 13 ve thousand persons, wcro present to viow tho decision of thc live cvohts on the pro- gramme. These included tho habitues of tho Turf in Victoria, tho constant and ardont admirers of our na- tional sport, anda considerable number i-f tho fair sex lent variety to tho good humoured sceno which met the oyo oil over'tho course. Thu Sydney division mustered in force, and amongst thom wo noticed Air Pickering, tho representativo and joint proprietor of Bell's l.\fe in Ftßney. The Now South Wales sportsmen confined themselves chiefly to speculations on horses from their own side. Tho first day's" business commencod'at ono o'cloak, t follows:- . Tho MAIDEN -'FLATS, b'f200 sovs 'for all'horses that hav nc Vor won an advertised race. ' Entrañes 10 SOTS. On milo nnd a half. Weight for age: 2':yrB, a feather; yrs, 7st 4 lbv 4 yrs, 9 st 1 Hi; 5 yrs, 9 st 12 lb; 6 yrs an aged, 10 st "4 lb. The second horse to unto his entrañe money returned. V' Mr Smith's hi g lialhershines, by Wulms,-Madcap' (J. Smith).I'. \- Morris' b g Yankee,' 5 yrs .. ..- . A. Chirnaide's bm Lady of .the Lake, 5 yrs, (2 lbs overweight) :. . Pander's ch g Kildare, aged. Abbott'sb gr Liberty, 4 yrs.J........'. Payne's bl m Dolly, by Dolo, 4 yrs..,.. 1'hilllps' b g Forester, C yrs- .. . Powell's b o Hclipi-o, 4 yrs 31b overweight). Yeond's br o Inkermann, 4 yrs.. Mr Frasers*s¡gr g Flatcatchor, and Mr.Watson's Hiram a- n i IT wero scratched. .. Betting:-2 to 1 against Yankcci Ladyof the linke am Inkerman had been inquired about two or three days be Toro the race, but not backed at the stnrt. Won easily by three or four lengths. . Timo 3 min 1 sec. ' -7. Tho SrniNO SAFLIKO STARKS of 100 so vs, with n sweep stakes added of 10 sors, 5 ft. for two-year-olds; halt i milo; weight, 8st. ' ft. Mr T.Austen's cbc Nimbletoe, by Premier, Black Bess) Snoll,;611) overweight) . 1 Blithe's br c'Pakenham. i E. How's b or br f Woo Pet..... I Morris's br c Daniel. ( Clutterbuek's b f Prairie Bird. ( Betting:-6 to 4 agst Weo Pet; 5 to 2agst Nimbletoe 4 to 1 agst any other. . Won by three lengths. Time, 1 min. \ Tho JOCK HY CLUB DKRBY. A sweepstakes of 15 BOVS 10 ft, with ISO sovsadded; forthreo,,yoar-olds.One milt I neda half. Weight, 8st7lhs.- A winner bf any two . year-old race, of tho value of £10O, including his owr stake, to carry 3lbs extra; of any two such races, 5lb: extra. , .. Mr \V. Greene's b f Tricolor, by Premier,-Norah Creina (Snell).,.;.'. : Bathe's b f Vninhopo ..'. í Dawes's br cUnion Jack. 3 Phillips'sb g Cavalier.:...¡..:.. ' ( IC. How's bc Melbourne. ......'..'.... ;..;. < Payne's b g Skylark..'..,;'....'....... ( Cavíes' hf Marco. C Betting:-Even money, and 5 to 4 agst Union Jack; ï and 4 to i agst Tricolor; 10 to 1 each agst Vainhope Cavalier, and Melbourne. Tho prices are almoit nominal, excopt as to Union Jack. A capital stnrt was effected or tho second attempt, the favourite having^hbwever, none the best of it. Cavalier made play to thVgnte turn where Vainhopo took np tho running and improved tlx pace. Union Jack being fourth, and Margo last, beaten. Vainhope led tn the hill, with Tricolorjn close attendance, and at tho turn Union Jack's chance was out, On coming into the straight runuing, Mr Grceno'i marc had tho race sufu, mid notwithstanding a very game effort on tho part of Vainhope, came in an Busy winner by four lengths;" Union Jack was a bud third. Tine, 3 min. 3 sec. ThflJcCKEV CLCB Cor of 150 sovs. Entrance lOsovs. Weller woights; 3 yrs, 8st 121b; 4 yrs, lust 121b; fl jr«, 11st 8lb; C yrs, and agod, l!2st 4lb. Two miles. To lie ridden by members of the Vietqria Jockey Club or'of tho Turf Club, not being professional riders; provi- sionals, "lbs extra. . . Mr Wnrby's bl b Cardinal Wiseman, G yrs (Mr Rutlundo. 1 A Chirnsidc's gr m Alice Hawthorn, ngod. 2 John Sevior's bl g Sir Kobert, aged. 3 B. 13. Clark's b g Camel, nged.,-.. 0 i Payne's chh Sinbad. 5 yrs.;. 0 Betting:-Even on Alice Hawthorn; 2 to I agst Sir Robert; 3 to 1 agst Camel ; S to 1 agst Cardinal Wise- man. Sir Kobert, lcd oft'at u strone; pace, Alice Haw- thorn second. Cardinal Wiseman third. At the gate Sin \ bad declined, and Camel fell back. At theback of the j course Cardinal Wiseman assumed the premiership, nnd, with Sir Robert in close attendance, rando tho running by the hill and into the straight, whero Alice appeared to bo beaten. Tho Cardinal was never' afterwards headed, and, notwithstanding a Uno rush by Mr .Orr on the old maro, won cleverly by balf-a-Jengtb. Time, 4 min. 4 eec. The FREE "HANDICAP PLATH OJ 100 sovs. "? Entrance 6 sovs; tor nil horses. Two miles. Entries to be made on tho 1 rt September; the woights to he declared ' within 14 days; and acceptance to bo declared on tho 1st October. Mr G. T. Rowe's bl or br g Black Jack, by Hairy T,or requer, nged, 8st 1 llb.(Tho Nugget) 1 Morris's bl h Wlli-o'-tho- Wisp. 5 yrs 8st 31b.:,... 2 Stephen's grg Woodpecker, nged, lOst. 0 Jenkins's br m Beeswing, aged, 8st4lbs... 0 Yeend's ch g Goldflnder, aged, Sst ........ O Phillips's b g Guy Fawkes 4 yrs, 8st 41b. 0 Bolting:-6 to 4 ágst Woodpecker; 3 to 1 agst any other, duldfiiidcr made tho running for tie first half mile, when Woodpecker took it up und led round to the hill turn, when Will-o'-tho Wisp headed him and Black Jack, who had laid off during the first mil« and a-half. came with a wctsail, and on getting into ¡Ito straight running, caught \vill-o*-tho Wisp half way up the dis- tance, and won easily by thrco lengths. IVoodpeckcr was third, but was not placed by tho judge. Time 4 min. 3 sec. Tho attendance at Tattersalls in the evening was very limited, and Very little betting took plnee. Nothing but I Veno was mentioned for tho Metropolitan, as much ns 1 OOO to 700 being offered upon him against trie field, with- out finding any takers. In fact, bis being in tho race ef- fectually stopped any betting. A match bctwoen Alice Hawthorn and Cardinal Wiseman was talked about, but ' nothing was decided upon. SKOOVD DA*-Titeas »AV. I Tho PUBLICANS' PDIISE of 150 sovs for all horses; en- trance, 7 nova; one milo; weight for nge¡ 2 yrs. Sst 21b; 3 yrs, 7st 71b; 4 yrs, 9st 4tbj 5 yrs, Ost 121b; 6 yrs and nged, lost 4lh. j' Mr llnrvoy's b m Linnet, 5 yrs ..-. )Perkins) 1 Clark's br g Haphazard, aged. 3 Keighran's gr g Stranger, aged .;. 3 Davies' b f Marco, 3 yrs . 0 ! II. Phillip's bl g Dermot Asthore, 4 yrs' . 0 Savior's bl g Sir Robert, aged;. 0 I Pender's ch g Kildare, aged. 0 M. Burke's b h Coorarhin, aged . 0 I Jenkins' br m Beoswing, aged. 0 I.ady Walgiers, Forrester, and Sinbad were drawn. I Betting-5 to 2 agst Sit- Robert ; 4 to l agst Coora min; 4 to 1 agst Stranger; S to I agst Dermot Asthore. Linnet won cleverly by a length. Time '1 min. 55 secs. Tho PONS STAKES of 20 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs added, for all ponies of 14 hands and under ; ono milo and a half; handicap weights; and. the woights declared within 14 days. Mr Jenkin's gr c p m Nanny, 5 yrs, Sst..'....(Sammy) 1 Powell's bm Katty Darling, aged, 9st ...'.. 2 G. Davies's gr e p g Picaninny Boy, i- yrs, 7st 4lb. 0 Betting at starting-Even on Katty Darling agst tho field. ..' Won by a length and a half; Picaninny Bay bolted. Time 3 min. 12 sccs. ? » Tho TR'OTTRUS* HANDICAP RAOE of 150BOTS.; entrance, 10 sovs; second horse to have bis entrance monoy re tur nod; thrco times round the course; four and a bair miles. Mr Swanston's gr g Rambler, aged, list.(Konto) 1 Geo. Watson's gr p m Betty, aged, lOst 71b. 2 Abbott's b pg Donald, aged, lOst 71b .'.. 0 Schellenborger's ch h Tommy, aged, list 71b ... 0 G. Elliott's gr tn Fanny Groy, 6'yrs, I0st71b ... 0 Sebastopol, Rebecca, and Cannie Scotchman wero drawn. Betting on starting-2 to I agst Rambler, 3 to 1 agst Betty, 4 to I agst Tommy, 6 to I agst Donald.. Won easily by Gambler. Time, 13 min. 48 secs. Tho GREAT MKTUoroLirAtf HANDICAP of 200 sovs, added to a. sweepstakes of 15 sovs; 10 ft, or 5 only if declared on tho 1st October; two mil. s; tho winner of any race of tho value of £100, Bubsoquont to the pub- lication of tho weights, to carry 71b extra; or any two such races, 101b extra. Mr Gt T. Rowe's ch g Veno, aged, 9st 71b, llig gerson. .. 1 E.Jenkins' ch g Voltaire, 7st. 121b, declared 101b overweight. 3 A. Chirnsldo'B gr m Alice Hawthorn, agod, 9st 71b...;. 3 Yeend's ch g GoMfindor, aged, 7st 41b. 0 !. Yeend's br c Inkermann, 4 yrs, 7st. '0 W.'Sraser's b g Van Tromp, »god, Sst 41b... 0 Morris' ch g Alma, 0 yrs, 8st 71b. 0 Morris' bl b Will-o'-tho-wisp, 5 yrs, 7st 91b.". ti Fullctt's b g Hurricane, 5 yrs, 7st Oil)..,. O Hotspur, Flying Doo, and Lady Walgiers wore drawn. Betting at starting-2 to I on Veno, Hnrricano dashed oft* with tho lead at a strong pace, with Qoldfindcr. and Inkermann ot his qtlnrlsrs, Veno, Ailee, Almn, Will-o'-tho-Wisp in o rush, Voltaire lyingJ off, and Van Tromp last, Tills order was maintained till reaching tho Stand, wore'. Alice and Veno wore racing astride a length in advance of tho others nt the gate, Goldfindor and Inkermann died away, linrricano still making the running very severe, \"eno, now made his effort, and went-up tn Hurricatie, Alice taking up her position as third, and Voltaire lending tho second dlvuion. At the turn undor tho hill Veno went by Hur- ricane, who appeared to havo had enough of it, and was passed by Alice and Voltaire. At the turn into tho straight running Hayes called on Voltaire, whocballengcil Veno, and u magnificent race home ensued, both riders punishing, which ended in Vuno's winning hy thrco quarters of a length, Alice u tolerable third", Alma and < Hurricane well np. The SOOBBV STAKI:S of 50 sovs; for all horses, with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs added: weight for age; 2 vrs, Sst Sib; 3 yrs. Hst llb; 4 yrs. 9st 71b; 5 yrs, 8st 121b; 6 yrs and aged, lOst 4lb; thrco-qunrtors of a milo; tho winner to bo sold by auction immediately aftor tho ruco for not less than 50 sovs, and any surplus realised to go to.tho Hace Fund; post entry. Mr Milrirk's gr g Freeholder, aged .(Mahon) 1 Morris' b g Gimcrack 5 yrs. 3 Phillips' b g Bagman, 3 yrs. 0 Yeend's ch g Chance, aged. 0 Godwin's b g Ghost, 5 yrs. 0 Vance's b m Mercurio, 3 yrs ..'... 0 Powell's ch g Eclipso, 4 yrs. 0 John Brown's b g Smite, ngod. 0 : Freeholder jumped off whit the load, kept it through* out, and won by ns many lengths as ho likod. Smika a bod second, and the Ghost third. Tho winner was sold after tho raco for 75 sovs to Mr II. N. Simson. The groat event at TaltersnU's in the eving was tho conclusion of tho match between Alice Hawthorn, and Cardinal Wiseman, in which tho former was hacked at £1000 to £500, for two miles and a half, carrying welter weights, to bo ran for tho following afternooa at 3 p.m. TmRi> DAT.-FRIDAY. The GUANO SPRING HANDICAP STEEI-MCHAHR of 200 sovs; entrance, 10 sovs; about three milos; over such .course as tho stewards may appoint; winners of any steeplechase} of tho value of .£100, aftor tho publication of the weights, tn carry 7 lbs oxtra. Mr Abbott's b g Walkover, aged, list 71b;..(Abbott) 1 J i liefs bl g Rambler, aged, Hst. 2 B. D. Clark's bl tr Camel, aged, l2st..:. 0 . Williams* bl g Blackboy, aged, 10st7Ibs. 0 Purcell's cb g Triton, aged, lOst lOlbs. O ...Geo. Watsons b g Lottery, aged, lOst lOlbs was drawn.' . Betting-*2 to 1 each agst Camel- and Walkovor; 3 to 1- agst Rambler; 5 to 1 agst Blackboy. A few minutes after tho appointed time, tho five got off on equal terms. Walkover at unco took up the running, and showed the way over the first and second fonces, Blackboy taking the second place, Rambler third. Camel noxt. nnd oh I Triton, who fell lame soon after stil ting, following last. They travelled in thia order past the stand, and round to the stone wall, which they all took well, nnd without any mistakes. - At tho next fenco Camel fell, giving Chiisiison a severe shaking; the horse was also cut and injured. Blackboy then went to thc front, and took up the running at an improved pace, Walkovor following next, and Rambler third, nt a long distance from the leading horses. Blackboy increased his lend into Mi- tt rey V Paddock, and came down to tho hill and on to tho cpurso twenty lengths in advni.ee of Walkover, who had fallen nt tho fence loading nut of the Paddock. Abbott was quickly up again, nnd »nco moro in hot pursuit of his leader. At tho fourth fence from homo Blackboy baulked twice, and lost bis chance of tho race. The mis- chances which had happened to Blackboy and Walkover brought Rambler up in close proximity to Walkover, and a line rare homo ensued. The little horse continued to lead over the last two fences, and got into thc straight running two lengths in advance. Jillett made a grunt effort on Rambler to recover his lost ground, but Walk- over's superior pace was not to bo denied, and ho came in an oasy winner by six lengths. Time, 7 min. 45 soe. The OPTIONAL SELLING STBUPLKCHASK of 100 sovs; entrance S sovs; weight for ago, with allowances and penalties; 4 yrs, 1 Ost 71b; G yrs, list 101b; 6 yrs and aged, I2at 71b; tho winner to be sold for £20; horses entered not to be sold to carry I-41b extra; If entered .to bo sold for Xl50, allowed 7¡b; for £100, allowed 141b; for £50, allowed 211b; for £30, allowed 28lb; the winner, if priced, to be sold by auction after thc race, and tho surplus to go to tho raco fund; over thc samo course as in the Grand Steeplechase. Mr Hill's br g Brummy, aged, 11st 71b.(Bruce) 1 Abbott's ch g Fivey, aged, 12st.. 2 Bignell's gr g Isaac, aged. 3 Benson's gr g Nimrod, aged, lOst 71b. 0 " Cowper's br g Cornus; aged, 12st. 0 Hughes' gr g Grey Friars, aged, lost 71b. 0 Betting at starting-2 to 1 agst Fivey, 2 to 1 agst Cornus. Time, 7 min. 43 sec. Won easily by eight lengths. The winner was «old to Mr Edo'for £102. A SWEEPSTAKES of 25 sors, 15 ft, with 1O0 sovs added; for all horses; weight for age; 2 yrs. a feather; 3 yrs, 6st 81b¡ 4 yrs, Sst; 5 yrs, 9st lSlb; 6 yrs and nged, lOst 41b; three miles. Mr B.- Purcell's br g Tomboy, 0 yrs..... .(Holmes) 1 Mr. Keighran's b g Mosstrooper, aged. .. .. 2 G. T. Howe's ch g Veno, aged.3 Stephens* gr g Woodpecker, aged. 0 T. M. Cri'sble's b g Hunter, aged . 0 W. Fraser's b g Van Tromp, aged. 0 Alico Hawthorn and Cardinal Wiseman were drawn. Betting-4 and 8 to 1 on Veno. All the horses got off well together, Tomboy being the first to show in front: Veno in front of tho second divi- sion, with Woodpecker and Van Tromp at his quarters, Mosstrooper lying off, and tho Hunter outpaced. Tom- boy gradually improved his position, and at tho buck turn of the courso had a lead of eight lengths, which ho increased up to tho straight running. Veno now made his effort, and succeeded in shaking off Woodpecker and Van Tromp, and Higgorson gave ono or two reminders to tho gallant chesnut. Loud cries were raised of "Vono has it". It soon became apparent, howevor, that Veno was beaten ; and though Uiggcrson called severely on him, and flogged hard at the turn from tho gate, it was evident that tho chance was gone. Tho cheering on tho stand was immonso. Mosstrooper went up, passed Wood- pecker and Van Tromp, challenged Veno uniter the hill, and overhauled him at the turn into tho straight running. Holmes rodo Tomboy in an easy winner hy about twenty lengths, amidst tho loudest cheering we have heard for a long time. Mosstrooper boat Veno for second place by about two lengths; though it seemed to us that Higgerson did not persovere after be found his chance of tho race was hopeless. Time, 6 min. 46 sec. The FORCED HANDICA* of 15 sovs, for all winners during tho Mooting (tho Pony, Scurry, and Hack Stakes ex- cepted); losers admitted on payment of 5 sovs; one mile and a half. Mr Harvey's b m Linnet, 5 yrs, 9st.(Perkins) 1 . Fraser's b g Van Tromp, aged, 9st.. 2 B. D. Clark's b g Haphazard, aged, 9st .,. 3 S tcphens' bl g Black Jack, aged, 9st 51b. 0 Smith's b g Bnthershins, aged, 9st 41b. 0 Betting-2 to 1 agst Haphazard; 2 to 1 agst Van Tromp; 3 to 1 agst the winner. Won oasily by six lengths. Time. 3 min. 7 soe. The HACK RACE of 25 sovs; outrance," 2 sovs; catch wei ¡hts; not less than 8st; once round tho course; tho winner to bo sold by auction after the race for £40, and any surplus to go to tho raco fund. Won by Mr G, Watson's Tasman, beating six others. 