ENGLISH LITERATURE. By R. W. EMERSON. A strong common sense, which it is not easy to unseat or disturb, marks the English mind for a thousand years ; a rude strength newly applied to thought, as of sailors and soldiers who had lately learned to read. They have no fancy, and never are surprised int a covert or witty word, such as pleased the Athenians and Italians, and was convertible into a fable not long after; but they delight in strong earthy expression, not mistakable, coarsely true to the human body, and though spoken among princes, equally fit and welcome to tho mob. This homeliness, veracity, and plain style, appear in tho earliest extant works, and in tho latest. It imports, into songs and ballads tho smell of the earth, tbo breath of cattle, and, like a Dutch painter, seeks a household charm, though by pails and pans. They their constitutional utility in verse. The kail and herrings are never out of sight, Tho poet nimbly recovers himself from every sally of tho imagination. The English muse loves tho farmyard, tho lane, and market. She says, with De Stael, " I tramp in tho mire with wooden shoes whenever they would force me into tho clouds." For, tho Englishman has accurate per ceptions; takes hold of things by tho right end, and there is no slipperiness in his grasp. He loves the axe, the spade, tho oar, tho gun, tho steam-pipe ; he has built the engine houses. He is materialist, economical, mercantile. He must be treated with sincerity and reality, with muffins, and not the promise of muffins ; and prefers his hot chop, with perfect security and con- venience in tho eating of it, to the chances of the amplest and Frenchiest bill of fare, engraved on embossed paper. When he is intellectual, and a poet or a philosopher, he carries the same hard truth and the same keen machinery into tho mental sphere. His mind must stand on a fact. He will not be baffled, or catch at clouds, but the mind must have a symbol palpa ble and resisting. What he relishes in Dante, is the vice-like tenacity with which he holds a mental image before tho eyes, as if it were a scutcheon painted or shield. Byron " liked something craggy to break his mind upon." A taste for plain, strong speech, what is called a biblical style, marks the English. It is in Alfred, and the Saxon Chronicle, and in the Sages of the Northmen. Latimer was homely. Hobbes was perfect in tho " noble vulgar speech." Donne, Bunyan, Milton Taylor, Evelyn, Pepys, Hooker, Cotton, and tho trans laters, wrote it. How realistic or materialistic in treat ment of his subject is Swift ! He describes his fictiti ous persons as if for the police. Defoe has no insecurity or choice. Hudibras has the same hard mentality, keeping tho truth at once to the senses and to tho in- tellect. It is not less seen in poetry. Chaucer's hard painting of his Canterbury pilgrims satisfies tho senses. Shak speare, Spencer, and Milton, in their loftiest ascents, have this national grip and exactitude of mind. This mental materialism makes tho value of English trans cendental genius; in these writers, and in Herbert Henry More, Donne, and Sir Thomas Browne. The Saxon materialism and narrowness, exalted into the sphere of intellect, makes the very genius of Shak speare and Milton. When it reaches the pure element it treads tho clouds as securely as the adamant. Even in its elevations, materialistic, its poetry is common sense inspired ; or iron raised to white heat. The marriage of the two qualities is in their speech. It is a tacit rule of tho language to make the frame or skeleton of Saxon words, and, when elevation or orna ment is sought, to interweave Romen—but sparingly; nor is a sentence made of Roman words alone, without loss of strength. The children and labourers use the Saxon unmixed. Tho Latin unmixed is abandoned to tho colleges and Parliament. Mixture is a secret of the English island ; and, in their dialect, tho male principle is the Saxon ; the female, tho Latin : and they are com bined in every discourse. A good writer, if he has indulged in a Roman roundness, makes haste to chasten and nerve his period by English monosyllables. When tho Gothic nations came into Europe, the found it lighted with the sun and moon of Hebrew and of Greek genius. Tho tablets of their brain, long kert in the dark, wore finely sensible to the double glory. To the images from this twin source (of Christianity and art), tho mind became fruitful as by the incubation of the Holy Ghost. The English mind flowered in every faculty. Tho common-sense was surprised and inspired. For two centuries England was philosophic, religious, poetic. Tho mental furniture seemed of larger scale; the memory capacious, like the storehouse of the rains; tho ardour and endurance of study ; the boldness an facility of their mental construction; their fancy, an imagination, and easy spanning of vast distance of thought; tho enterprise or accosting of new subjects ; and, generally, tho easy exertion of power, astonish, like tho legendary feats of Guy of Warwick. The union of Saxon precision and oriental soaring, of which Shakespeare is tho perfect example is shared in less degree by the writers of two centuries. I find not only tho great masters out of all rivalry and reach, but tho whole writing of tho time charged with a masculine force of freedom. There is a hygienic simpleness, rough vigour, amd closeness to the matter in hand, even in the second and third class of writers ; and, I think, in tho coramon style of the people, as one finds it in tho citation of wills, letters, and public documonts, in proverbs and forms of speech. The more hearty and sturdy ex- pression may indicato that the savageness of tho Norse man was not all gone. Their dynamic brains hurled ofl their words, as the revolving stone burls off scraps of grit. I could cite from the seventeenth century sentences and phrases of edge not to be matched in the nineteenth. Their poets by simple force of mind equalized themselves with the accumulated scionoe of ours. The country gentlemen had a posset or drink they called October ; and the poets, as if by this hint, know how to distil the whole season into their autumnal verses ; and, as nature, to pique the more, sometimes works up deformities into beauty, in some rare Aspasia or Cleopatra ; and as tho Greek art wrought many a vase or column, in which too long, or too lithe, or nodes or pits and flaws, are made a beauty of ; so those were so quick and vital, that they could charm and enrioh by mean and vulgar objects. A man must think that age well taught and thought- ful, by which masques and poems, like those of Ben Jonson, full of heroic sentiment in a manly style, were received with favour. Tho unique fact in literary history, the unsurprised reception of Shakspeare,—the reception proved by his making his fortune, and the apathy proved by tho absence of all contemporary panegyric—seems to demonstrate an elevation in the mind of tho people. Judge of the splendour of a nation by the insignificance of great individuals in it. The manner in which they learned Greek and Latin before our modern facilities were yet ready, without diction aries, grammars, or indexes, by lectures of a professor, followed by their own searchings, required a more robust memory and co-operation of all tho faculties; and their scholars, Camden, Usher, Selden, Mede, Gataker, Hooker, Taylor, Burton, Bentley, Brian Walton, acquired tho solidity and method of engineers. Tho influence of Plato tinges tho British genius. Their minds loved analogy ; were cognizant of resem blances, and climbers on tho staircase of unity. It is a very old strife between those who elect to see identity, and those who elect to see discrepancies, and it renews itself in Britain. The poets, of course, are of one part ; tho men of tho world of tho other. But Britain had many disciples of Plato ;—More, Hooker, Bacon, Sidney, Lord Brooke, Herbert, Browne, Donne, Spenser, Chap- man, Milton, Crashaw, Norris, Cudworth, Berkeley, Jeremy Taylor. Lord Bacon has tho English duality. His centurles of observations on useful science, and his experiments, I suppose, were worth nothing. One hint of Franklin, or Watt, or Dalton, or Davy, or any one who had a talent for experiment, was worth all his lifetime of exquisite trifles. But he drinks of a diviner stream, and marks the influx of idealism into England. Where that goes, is poetry, health, and progress. The rules of its genesis or its diffusion are not known. That knowledge, if we had it, would supersede all that we call science of the mind. It seems an affair of race, or of meta chemistry ; the vital point being, how far the sense of unity, or instinct of seeking resemblances, predominated. For wherever the mind takes a step, it is to put itself at one with a larger class, discerned beyond the lesser class with which it has been conversant. Hence, all poetry, and all affirmative action comes. Bacon in the structure of his mind, held of the analo gists, of the idealists, or (as we popularly say, naming from the best example) Platonists. Whoever discredits analogy, and requires heaps of facts before any theories can be attempted, has no poetic power, and nothing original or beautiful will be produced by him. Locke is as surely tho influx of decomposition and of prose, as Bacon and the Platonists of growth. The Platonic is the poetic tendency ; the so-called scientific is the negative and poisonous. It is quite certain that Spenser Burns, Byron, and Wordsworth will be Platonists, and that the dull men will be Lockists. Then politics and commerce will absorb from tho educated class men of talents without genius, precisely because they have no resistance. Bacon, capable of ideas, yet devoted to ends, required in his map of the mind, first of all, universality, or prima philosophia, the receptacle for all such profitable observations and axioms as fall not within the compass of any of the special parts of philosophy, but are more common, and of a higher stage. He held this element essential: it is never out of mind; he never spares rebukes for such as neglect it, believing that no perfect discovery can be made in a flat or level, but you must ascend to a higher science. "If any man thinketh philosophy and universality to be idle studies, he doth not consider that all professions are from thence served and supplied; and this I take to be a great cause that these hindered the progression of learning, because these fundamental knowledges have been studied but in pass age." He explained himself by giving various quaint examples of the summary or common laws, of which each science has its own illustration. He complains that " he finds this part of learning very deficient, the profounder sort of wits drawing a bucket now and then for their own use, but the spring head unvisited. This was the dry light which did scorch and offend most men's watery natures." Plato had signified tho same sense when he said "All tho great arts require a subtle and speculative research into tho law of nature, since lofti ness of thought and perfect mastery over every subject seems to be derived from some such source as this. This Pericles had, in addition to a great natural genies For meeting with Anaxagoras, who was a person of this kind, he attached himself to him, and nourished himself with sublime speculations on the absolute intelligence ; and imported thence into the oratorical art whatever could be useful to it." A few generalizations always circulate in the world, whose authors we do not rightly know, which astonish, and appear to be avenues to vast kingdoms of thought; and these are in the world constants, like the Copernican and Newtonian theories in physics. In England these may be traced usually to Shakspeare, Bacon, Milton, or Hooker—even to Van Helmont and Behmen, and do all have a kind of fillial retrospect to Plato and tho Greeks. Of this kind is Lord Bacon's sentence, that "nature is commanded by obeying her;" his doctrine of poetry, which " accommodates the shows of things to the desires of tho mind," or tho Zoroastrian defination of poetry, mystical, yet exact, " apparent pictures of unapparent natures ;" Spencer's creed, that "soul is form, and doth the body make ;" tho theory of Berkeley, that we have no certain assurance of the existence of matter; Doctor Samuel Clarke's argument for theism from the nature of space and time; Harrington's political rule, that power must rest on land,—a rule which requires to be liberally interpreted; the theory of Swedenborg, so cosmically applied by him, that the man makes his heaven and hell ; Hegel's study of civil history, as the conflict of ideas and the victory of deeper thought; the identity- philosophy of Schelling, couched in the statement that " all difference is quantitative." So the very announce ment of tho theory of gravitation, of Kepler's three har monic laws, and even of Dalton's doctrine of definite proportions, finds a sudden response in the mind, which remains a superior evidence to empirical demonstrations. I cite those generalizations, some of which are more recent, merely to indicate a class. Not these particulars, but the mental plane or the atmosphere from which they emanate, was tho home and element of the writers and readers in what we loosely call tho Elizabethan age, (say, in literary history, the period from 1575 to 1625,) yet period almost short enough to justify Ben Jonson's re mark on Lord Bacon ; " about his time, and within his view were born all the wits that could honour a nation or help study." Such richness of genius had not existed more than one before. These heights could not be maintained, As we find stumps of vast trees in our exhausted soils, and have received traditions of their ancient fertility to tillage, so history reckons epochs in wbioh tba intellect of fame races became effete. So it fared with English genius. These heights were followed by a meanness, and a descent of the mind into lower levels; the loss of wings; no big speculation. Locke, to whom tho meaning of ideas was unknown, became the type of philosophy, and his "understanding" the measure, in all nations, of the English intellect. His countrymen forsook the lofty sides of Parnassus, on which they had once walked with echoing steps, and disused the studies once so beloved; the powers of thought fell into neglect. The later Eng lish want tho faculty of Plato and Aristotle, of grouping men in natural classes by an insight of general laws, so deep, that the rule is deduced with equal precision from few subjects or from one, as from multitudes of lives. Shakspeare is supreme in that, as in all the great mental energies. The Germans generalize; the English cannot interpret tho German mind. German science compre hends the English. The absence of the faculty in Eng land is shown by the timidity which accumulates moun tains of facts, as a bad general wants myriads of men and miles of redoubts to compensate the inspirations of courage and conduct. The English shrink from a generalization. "They do not look abroad into universality, or they draw only a bucket-full at the fountain of the First Philosophy for their occasion, and do not go to the spring head." Bacon who said this, is almost unique among his countrymen in that faculty, at least among tho prose writers. Milton who was tho stair or high table-land to let down the English genius from tho summits of Shakspeare, used this privilege sometimes in poetry, more rarely in prose For a long interval afterwards it is not found. Burke was addicted to generalizing, but his was a shorter line; as his thoughts have less depth, they have less compass. Hume's abstractions are not deep or wise. He owes his fame to one keen observation, that no copula had been detected between any cause and effect, either in physics or in thought; that the term cause and effect was loosely or gratuitously applied to what we know only as con secutive, not at all as casual. Doctor Johnson's written abstractions have little value : the tone of feeling in them makes their chief worth. Mr. Hallam, a learned and elegant scholar, has written the history of European literature for three centuries,—a performance of great ambition, inasmuch as a judgment was to be attempted on every book. But his eye does not reach to the ideal standards ; the verdicts are all dated from London : all now thought must be cast into the old moulds. Tho expansive element which creates literature is steadily denied. Plato is resisted, and his school. Hallam is uniformly polite, but with deficient sympathy ; writes with resolute generosity, but is unconscious of tbe deep worth which lies in tho mystics, and which often outvalues as a seed of power and a source of revolution, all tho correct writers and shining reputations of their day. He passes in silence, or dismisses with a kind of contempt, the profounder masters : a lover of ideas is not only uncongenial, but unintelligible. Hallam inspires respect by his knowledge and fidelity, by his manifest love of good books, and he lifts himself to own better than almost any the greatness of Shakespeare, and better than Johnson he appreciates Milton. But in Hallam, or in tho firmer intellectual nerve of Mackintosh one still finds tho same type of English genius. It is wise and rich, but it lives on its capital. It is retro- spective. How can it discern and hail tho new forms that are looming up on the horizon—new and gigantic thoughts which cannot dress themselves out of any old wardrobe of tho past ? The essays, tho fiction, and tho poetry of tho day have tho like municipal limits. Dickens, with preternatural apprehension of the language, of manners and the varieties of street life, with pathos and laughter, with patriotic and still enlarging generosity, writes London tracts. He is a painter of English details, like Hogarth; local and temporary in his tints and style, and local in his aims. Bulwer, an industrious writer, with occasional ability, is distinguished for his reverence of intellect as a temporality, and appeals to tho worldly ambition of tho student. His romances tend to fan those low flames. Their novelists despair of tho art. Thackery finds that God has made no allowance for tho poor thing in his universe ; —more's tho pity, he thinks;—but 'tis not for us to be wiser: we must renounce ideals and accept London. Tho brilliant Macauley, who expresses tho tone of tho English governing classes of the day, explicitly teaches, that good means good to eat, good to wear, material commodity; that the glory of modern philosophy is its direction on "fruit;" to yeild economical inventions; and that its merit is to avoid ideas, and avoid morals. He thinks it the distinctive merit of the Baconian philo sophy, in its triumph over the old Platonic its disen tangling the intellect from theories of tho all-Fair all-Good, and pinning it down to tho making a better sick-chair and better wine-whey for an invalid this not ironically, but in good faith ;—that, " solid vantage," as he calls it, meaning always sensual benefit, is the only good. The eminent benefit of astronomy the better navigation it creates to enable tho fruit-ships to bring home their lemons and wine to the London grocer. It was a curious result, in which the civility and religion of England for a thousand years, ends, in deny ing morals, and reducing the intellect to a saucepan. The critic hides his sceptism under the English cant of prac tical. To convince the reason, to touch tho conscience, is romantic pretension. The fine arts fall to the ground. Beauty, except as luxurious commodity, does not exist. It is very certain, I may say in passing, that if Lord Bacon had been only tho sensualist his critic pretends,he would never have acquired the fame which now entitles him to this patronage. It is because he had imagination, the leisures of tho spirit, and basked in the element of contemplation out of all modern English atmospheric guages, that he is impressive to the imaginations of men, and has become a potentate not to be ignored. Sir David Brewster sees the high place of Bacon, without finding Newton indebted to him and thinks it a mistake. Bacon occupies it by specific gravity or levity, not by any feat he did, or by any tutoring more or less of Newton, &c;, but an effect of tho same cause which showed itself more pronounced afterwards in Hooke, Boyle, and Halley. Coleridge, a catholic mind, with a hunger for ideas, with eyes looking before and after to the highest bards and sages, and who wrote and spoke tho only high criticism in his time,—is one of those who save England from the reproach of no longer possessing the capacity to appreciate what rarest wit the island has yielded. Yet the misfortune of his life, his vast attempts but most inadequate performings, failing to accomplish any one masterpiece, seems to mark the closing of an era. Even in him, the traditional Englishman was too strong for the philosopher, and he fell into accommodations : and, as Burke had striven to idealize tho English State so Coleridge " narrowed his mind " in tho attempt to reconcile the Gothic rule and dogma of tho Anglican Church with eternal ideas. But for Coleridge, and a lurking taciturn minority, uttering itself in occasional criticism, oftener in private discourse, one would say, that in Germany and in America is tho best mind in England rightly respected. It is the surest sign of national decay, when the Bramins can no longer read or understand tho Braminical philosophy. In tho decomposition and asphyxia that followed all this materialism, Carlyle was driven, by his disgust at the pettiness and tho cant, into tho preaching of Fate. In comparison with all this rottenness, any check, any cleansing, though by fire, seemed desirable and beauti ful. He saw little difference in the gladiators, or the "causes" for which they combated; tho one comfort was, that they were all going speedily into tho abyss together: and his imagination, finding no nutriment in any creation, avenged itself by celebrating the majes tic beauty of tho laws of decay. Tho necessities of mental structure force all minds into a few categories, and where impatience of tho tricks of men makes Nemesis amiable, and builds altars to the negative Deity, tho inevitable recoil is to heroism or the gallantry of tho private heart, which decks its immolation with glory, in tho unequal combat of will against fate. Wilkinson, the editor of Swedenborg, tho annotator Fourier, and the champion of Hahnemann, has brought to metaphysics and to physiology a native vigour, with a catholic perception of relations, equal to the highest at tempts, and a rhetoric like the armoury of the invincible knights of old. There is in the action of his mind a long Atlantic roll not known except in deepest waters, and only lacking what ought to accompany such powers, a manifest centrality. If his mind does not rest in im movable biases, perhaps tho orbit is larger, and the return is not yet : but a master should inspire a con fidence that he will adhere to his convictions, and give his present studies always the same high place. It would be easy to add exceptions to tho limitary tone of English thought, and much more easy to adduce examples of excellence in particular veins : and if, going out of tho region of dogma, we pass into that of general culture, there is no end to tho graces and amenities, wit, sensibility and erudition, of the learned class. But the artificial succour which marks all English perform ance, appears in letters also : much of their æsthetic production is antiquarian and manufactured, and literary reputations have been achieved by forcible men, whose relation to literature was purely accidental, but who were driven by tastes and modes they found in vogue into their several careers. So, at this moment, every ambitious young man studies geology : so members Parliament are made, and churchmen. The bias of Englishmen to practical skill has reacted on tho national mind. They are incapable of an in utility, and respect the five mechanic powers even in their song. The voice of their modern muse has slight hint of the steam-whistle, and the poem is created as an ornament and finish of their monarchy, and by no means as the bird of a new morning which forgets the past world in the full enjoyment of that which is forming. They are with difficulty ideal ; they are tho most con ditioned men, as if, having the best conditions, they could not bring themselves to forfeit them. Every one of them is a thousand years old, and lives by his memory; and when you say this, they accept it as praise. Nothing comes to tho book-shops but politics, travels statistics, tabulation, and engineering; and even what is called philosophy and letters is mechanical in its struc ture, as if inspiration had ceased, as if no vast hope, no religion, no song of joy, no wisdom, no analogy, existed any more. The tone of colleges, and of scholars and of literary society, has this mortal air. I seem to walk on a marble floor, where nothing will grow. They exert every variety of talent on a lower ground, and may be said to live and act in a sub-mind. They have lost all commanding views in literature, philosophy, and science. A good Englishman shuts himself out of three-fourths of his mind, and confines himself to one-fourth. He has learning, good sense, power of labour, and logic ; but a faith in tho laws of the mind like that of Archimedes ; a belief like that of Euler and Kepler that experience must follow and not lead the laws of the mind ; a devotion to tho theory of politics, like that of Hooker, and Milton, and Harrington,—tho modern English mind repudiates. I fear the same fault lies in their science, since they have known how to make it repulsive, and bereave nature of its charm;—though perhaps tho complaint flies wider, and tho vice attaches to many more than to British physicists. Tho eye of the naturalist must have a scope like nature itself, a susceptibility to all impress ions, alive to the heart as wall as to the logic of creation. But English science puts humanity to the door. It wants the connection which is the test of genius. The science is false by not being poetic. It isolates the reptile or mollusk it assumes to explain ; whilst reptile or mollusk only exists in system, in relation. The poet only sees it as an inevitable step in tho path of the Crea tor. But, in England, one hermit finds this fact, and another finds that, and lives and dies ignorant of its value. There are great exceptions, of John Hunter, a man of ideas ; perhaps of Robert Brown, the botanist and of Richard Owen, who has imported into Britain the German homologies, and enriched science with contri butions of his own, adding sometimes the divination of the old masters to tho unbroken power of labour in tho English mind. But, for the most part, the natural science in England is out of its loyal alliance with morals, and is as void of imagination and free play of thought, as conveyancing. It stands in strong contrast with tho genius of the Germans, those semi-Greeks, who love analogy, and, by means of their height of view, preserve their enthusiasm, and think for Europe. No hope, no sublime augury, cheers the student, no secure striding from experiment onward to a foreseen law, but only a casual dipping here and there, like diggers in California " prospecting for a placer" that will pay. A horizon of brass of the diameter of his umbrella shuts down around his senses. Squalid contentment with conventions, satire at tho names of philosophy and religion, parochial and shop-till politics, and idolatry of usage, betray the ebb of life and spirit. As they trample on nationalities to reproduce London and Londoners in Europe and Asia, so they fear tho hostility of ideas, of poetry, of religion,—ghosts which they cannot lay ;— and having attempted to domesticate and dress the blessed soul itself in English broadcloth and gaiters, they are tormented with fear that herein lurks a force that will sweep their system away. The artists say, "Nature puts them out;" tho scholars have become un- ideal. They parry earnest speech with banter and levity ; they laugh you down, or they change tho subject, " The fact is," say they over their wine, " all that about liberty, and so forth, is gone by; it won't do any longer." The practical and comfortable oppress them with inexorable claims, and tho smallest fraction of power remains for heroism and poetry. No poet dares murmur of beauty out of tho precincts of his rhymes. No priest dares hint at a Providence which does not respect English utility. The island is a roaring volcano of fate, of material values, of tariffs, and laws of repression, glutted markets, and low prices. In the absence of tho highest aims, of tho pure love of knowledge, and tho surrender to nature, there is tho suppression of the imagination, the priapism of tho senses and tho understanding : we have tho factitious instead of tho natural ; tasteless expense, arts of comfort, and the rewarding as an illustrious inventor whosoever will contrive one impediment more to interpose between the man and his objects. Thus poetry is degraded, and made ornamental. Pope and his school wrote poetry fit to pat round frosted cake. What did Walter Scott write without stint?—a rhymed traveller's guide to Scotland. And the libraries of verses they print have this Birmingham character. How many volumes of well-bred metre we must jingle through, before we can be filled, taught, renewed ! We want the miraculous ; the beauty which we can manufacture at no mill—can give no account of ; the beauty of which Chaucer and Chapman had tho secret. The poetry, of course, is low and prosaic ; only now and then, as in Wordsworth, conscientious; or in Byron, passional ; or in Tennyson, factitious. But if I should count tho poets who have contributed to tho bible of existing England sentences of guidance and consolation which are still glowing and effective—how few! Shall I find my heavenly bread in the reigning poets ? Where is great design in modern English poetry ? Tho English have lost sight of tho fact that poetry exists to speak tho spiritual law, and that no wealth of description or of fancy is yet essentially new, and out of the limits of prose, until this condition is reached. Therefore the grave old poets, like the Greek artists, heeded their designs, and less considered tho finish. It was their office to lead to tho divine sources, out of which all this, and much more, readily springs ; and if this religion is in tho poetry, it raises us to some purpose, and we can well afford some staidness, or hardness, or want of popular tune in the verses. Tho exceptional fact of tho period is tho genius of Wordsworth. He had no master but nature and solitude. " He wrote a poem," says Landor, " without tho aid of war." His verse is the voice of sanity in a worldly and ambitious age. One regrets that his temperament was not more liquid and musical. He has written longer than he was inspired. But for tho rest, he has no competitor. Tennyson is endowed precisely in points where Words- worth wanted. There is no finer ear, nor more command of tho keys of language. Colour, like tho dawn, flows over tho horizon from his pencil, in waves so rich that we do not miss the central form. Through all his refinements, too, he has reaohed the public—a certificate of good sense and general power, since be who aspires to be tho English poet must be as large as London, not in tho same kind as London, but in his own kind. But be wants a subject, and climbs no mount of vision to bring its secrets to tho people. He contents himself with describing tho Englishman as he is, and proposes no better. There are all degrees in poetry, and we must be thankful for every beautiful talent. But it is only a first success, when the ear is gained. The best office of the best poets has been to show how low and uninspired was their general style, and that only once or twice they have struck the high chord. That expansiveness which is the essence of tho poetic element, they have not. It was no Oxonian, but Hafiz, who said " Let us be crowned with roses, let us drink wine, and break up tho tiresome old roof of heaven into new forms." A stanza of tho song of nature the Oxonian has no ear for, and he does not value tho salient and curative influence of intellectual action, studious of truth without a by-end. By the law of contraries, I look for an irresistible taste for Orientalism in Britain. For a self-conceited modish life, made up of trifles, clinging to a corporeal civilization, hating ideas, there is no remedy like the Oriental large- ness. That astonishes and disconcerts English decorum. For once there is thunder it never heard, light it never saw, and power which trifles with time and space. I am not surprised, then, to find an Englishman like Warren Hastings, who had been struck with tho grand style of thinking in tho Indian writings, deprecating tho pre- judices of his countrymen, while offering them a transla- tion of tho Bhagvat. " Might I, an unlettered man, venture to prescribe bounds to tho latitude of criticism, I should exclude, in estimating tho merit of such a pro- duction, all rules drawn from tho ancient or modern literature of Europe, all refer- ences to such sentiments or manners as are become tho standards of propriety for opinion and action in our own modes, and equally all appeals to our revealed tenets of religion and moral duty."* He goes on to bespeak indulgence to "ornaments of fancy un- suited to our taste, and passages elevated to a tract of sublimity into which our habits of judgment will find it difficult to pursue them." Meantime, I know that a retrieving power lies in tho English race, which seems to make any recoil possible ; in other words, there is at all times a minority of pro- found minds existing in tho nation, capable of appre- ciating every soaring of intellect and every hint of tendency. While tho constructive talent seems dwarfed and superficial, the criticism is often in the noblest tone and suggests the presence of tho invisible gods. I can well believe what I have often heard, that there are two nations in England ; but it is not tho poor and the rich; nor is it tho Normans and Saxons; nor tho Celt and tho Goth. These are each always becoming the other; for Robert Owen does not exaggerate tho power of circumstance. But tho two complexions, or two styles of mind—tho perceptive class and tho practical finality class—are over in counterpoise interacting mutually; one in hopeless minorities; the other, in huge masses; one studious, contemplative, ex- perimenting ; tho other, the ungrateful pupil, scornful of tho source, whilst availing itself of tho knowledge for gain ; these two nations, of genius and of animal force, though the first consist of only a dozen souls, and tho second of twenty millions, for ever by their discord and their accord yield the power of tho English State. * Preface to Wilkins's Translation of tho Bhagvat Geeta. 