TENTERFIELD. ? . - li : (From a Correspondent ofthe Esprett.) ' \ A meeting of resident householder* in Tenterfield was . bold at the George' and .Dragon Inn, on the evening of the 11th instant, for tho purpose of taking-into consi. . deration the best means of promoting goneral education amongst the young, when, the motion of Mr. Kemp was readily applaudod by persons of various oreeds and sects, namely-" That the meeting unanimously agreed on the necessity of obtaining a National School in that township." It was argued, but the point was soon con. ceded, that a competent sohsolmistross was as absolutely -required as a qualified schoolmaster-a decision which speaks volumes for tho sound sense of the Tenterfield householders. A ooromittoe was then chosen to collect subscriptions and to set about in earnoBt the good work, viz. :-Messrs. King, Riley, Ross, Canning, Kemp, Sullivan, Co wo! I, and Meston (Mr. King, convener); and in less than fivo minutes thirty pounds were I subscribed, whioh, with moneys form orly collected when a similar proposal had been set on foot, but unaccount- ably dropped, and with contributions yet to come ia, will help to Btart tho proposal into visible existence; and when once agoing, thero is 'spirit and honour both sufficient to keep it in prosperous progression. Tba gratitude of the Tenterfield inhabitants is justly due to the Rev. T. M'Cnrtby for the interest he took in getting up this mooting; and his eloquent' address on tho advantages of education waa deeply felt by all his admir- ing listeners. A new cut to the Clarence and Grafton is now an- nounced, which will bring the distance from Tenter- field within 105 miles. This line decidedly is shorter, as your *; facetious correspondent" once rode over it, or nearly. The now route runs not far from the post- man's track, so-called, .but keeps., several miles to ibo . north of Yugilba. ' The folks of Grafton, who seem -at length to bestir themselves - (a - little), have offered tba sum of £30' to the first teamster who will take a loaded' dray up or down this line. Read this, yo unbelievers 1 Tho bogle 'of a place yclept tho " Devil's Elbow," startles the« into action ; and to your readers who may not comprehend what is meant, let them know that tho words just quoted are Gaelio for no opposition wharfage, and maybe a town- ship, at that famous bond of the majostio Cl arenco. Pray, 'what do tba Grnftonians mean in their loud re- port, by taking credit to their illustrious selves for the improvements now satisfactorily advancing under Mr. Yates at the Tenterfield sand hill and elsewhera ? "Ne tutor ultra crepidam," says querists : "Go ye and do as much, moro if ye can, and honour will bo rondercd to whom credit is duo." As tho ghost of separation is now laid in'tho dead sea of Downing diplomacy, having been exorcised by the prayers of opposition petitioner.«, it ia hoped that the Clárenos and New England inhabitants will join bandin hand, like brothren, and unite shoulder to shoulder for developing tito country's rosources, and facilitating, by every moans in their powor, that'traffic and intercourse which benefit both districts. This township fast risas into importance; houses building, Btores erecting, and others about to be erected. Farming on a great Beale is carrying on ; and it is said that o church of cathedral proportions will ba soon founded, not far from the public-house fil»'» an acid and an alkali), having a brewery on tho other side, like-like-who said crucifixion ? whore tho people, . whon dry with dusty theology, may obtain spirilual oom fort on the.ono hand, or imbibe barmy boer on tho other, to sot their brains a fermonting. But this smacks of tbo futuro. Indoed, trade has been very spirited bore«slnco the arrival of two dray loads of sundries at Sullivan's hotel. Many an arid soul, whoso clay was nearly cracking during tho lato senrcity and drought not drought for look of rain- water Heaven knows -but-but-to make up for former priva- tions-put in praotioo "pottle deep potations ;" a few oven soak their clay to saturation, and, occasionally, somowhat beyond. " Vtque ad namtam !" All ini alli ; this township isa wondorful place, and wo, being theirs faithfully, wish tho world to know it. 