OPENING- OP THE G-AWLER TOWN j RAILWAY. On Monday morning, a special train, con taining between 400 and 500 ladies and gentlemen, including a large proportion of the most influential colonists, left the Adelaide Railway Station on an experimental trip to Salisbury. The journey was performed with great comfort and safety, at an average speed of about twenty-five miles an hour, no deten tion occurring, except for a few minutes at the , Diy Creek Station. On arriving at Salisbury, the township was found to be literally enve loped in bunting, suspended from every prac ticable point, whilst the whole population, evidently reinforced by many persons from surrounding localities, were gathered in masses about the Station. ;The goods shed, hung inside and outside with the flags of all nations, had been fitted up as a temporary refreshment room, and afforded to some 300 or 350 persons excellent accommodation for par taking of a capital luncheon, for -which the unusually keen breeze of the morn ing had doubtless awakened a suitable appetite. The repast being ended, the speeches began, and the several toasts were arranged with immediate Tcference to the object of the gathering. It may be thought by some that the various speakers painted the advantages of railways COVA&IT; de Tosej and that in their en thusiasm for locomotion all difficulties were gallantly overlooked. To some extent it was so ; bat excuses may, under the circumstances, be charitably made. So far as the Gawler Town Railway is completed, no doubt it has been doae substantially, economically, and rapidly ; and although we may not at present achieve anything very great in the shape of re tons, yet there is every reason to believe that when the line is carried out to its present assigned limits, a large amount of the northern traffic mil be brought by its means into Adelaide. It will be observed, in our report of the meeting published in another column, that several of the speakers gave great prominence to the necessity ex isting for carrying out a railway system to the north, the Chief Secretary leading the way by the assertion, that " the colony of South Australia was northward of Adelaide." In the course of his speech the hon. gentleman addressed himself with much energy to the demolition of an argument founded upon the consumption of corn by horses as a reason in favour of tramways over railways. But we do not remember having heard such an argument advanced, in any direct form, as an argument against locomotives, although it may have been said that if, on other and distinct grounds, horse traction lines were found most desirable, it would be a collateral advantage | that farmers could grow provender for the j horses. As an objection formally brought forward against railways, we have certainly never heard it propounded j and we cannot help thinking that the Chief Secret "rv, on the occasion referred to, was raising a ghost for the mere pleasure of laying him. The desirableness of having means for the cheap conveyance of wheat to market is al ways a manifest proposition; but with the low prices now ruling in the Adelaide market, the absolute necessity of cheap carriage must force itself irresistibly upon the agricultural mind. Unless fanners can, at a small cost, get their produce conveyed to market, it "will be altogether useless for them to think of making a profit by wheat-growing. We refer, : of course, to those who live at considerable distances, as from all such remote growers the cost of carriage must take away all hope of profit, with wheat at 5s. per bushel. But if grain can be carried a distance of fifty miles or more for 6d. a bushel by rail, low prices will be no longer the terror they have formerly been to agriculturists in the outside districts. The meeting at Salisbury was characterized by some little deviations from the routine generally observable on such occasions. Mr. Justice Bootbby availed himself of the oppor tunity of denouncing the clause in the Consti tution Act which prohibits Judges from sitting in Parliament, and took oecasion to state that a Judge, of all other men, was most fitted for a legislative position, and that he, per sonally, had always hoped to become a mem ber of the Legislature in this province. We scarcely like to diseuss this .juestion in con nection with the convivialities of a railway luncheon, although if we were, in this place, to comment upon the observations of the learned Judge, our remarks could scarcely be more out of order than was his own refe rence to the question. Mr. Boothby contrasts the rule which declares a Judge ineligible to sit in Parliament with the permission accorded by law to a who has just served his term of transportation to be returned as a represen tative of the people. But there must .surely ba a great fallacy in this method^of reasoning. Because a formerly-convicted felon may sit in Parliament and a Judge may not, we are not to understand that the Legislators consi dered the Judge to be less qualified, either mentally or morally, for the situation. The exclusion of the Judge is enacted in order that in the administration of the law he might be held free from theimputation of political or party bias. A Returning Officer may not vote at an election, but it is not baeause the Legislature regards him as personally unfit or unworthy to exercise the franchise. A Judge fills an ex alted sphere, and he ought to be content with the sphere that he fills, without censuring the Legislature because a limit is assigned to his circle of duties and privileges. But we must apologize for having so far followed a doubtful precedent as to discuss in connection with the opening of a railway the question of a Judge's right to sit and vote in Parliament. We shall return, therefore, to the subject with which we started, and wish SUCCESS to the Crawler Town Railway. 