? (From tki Mercury, December U.) 'V'.J WOLLONGONO. Pour or WOLLONGONG.-The advertised trips. h»\ been performed by the Illawarra and Nora Creina. Tb Kinma has made two trips from Sydney for coal, one o Monday last, and another on Thursday. On Monda tba Nowra and Terrara carno in for coals, and on Tuet day, Numba, Warlock, and Sisters. On Wednesday th Terrara and the Nowra went out loaded for Sydney and on Thursday, the Warlook, also for Sydney. ' O Friday the Warlook was driven into port by the stron north-easter, and the Illawarra towed ont the Sisterf wbioh vessel proceeded to Shoalhaven when dropped b; the steamer. VIOLENT THUNDEBSTOBH.-On Wednesday afternooi about half-past four ono of the most severe thunder storms we have experienced for some time swept ove; the town of Wollongong. Tho storm came from the S W., the loaden-Iooking dense clouds sweeping slow!; over the town and along the coast. Tbe thunder olap followed one another in quick succession, and ware ver; loud and sharp in sound, preceded and aocompanieî with the most vividly brilliant flashes of lightning Shortly after the storm had commenced, the rain cam down in torrents for a brief space of time. The atoro lasted with unabated viólenos till about a quarter-pas five, when the rain ceased altogether, but the taunde and lightning oontinued at intervals during the evonio, and a considerable portion of the night. We have no heard of any accidents. AUSTBAUAN WESLEYAN MISSION SOCIETY.-On Monda, evening last, a public meeting was bald in the Wesleyai Chapel Wollongong, under the chairmanship of B Osborne, Esq., J.P., to hear the annual report read. Th chapel was comfortably filled by a highly respectable audi enoe. After a prayer had been offered up, the Hov. Mi Wilkinson read the Annual Report. This dooumen detailed the state of the missions in New Zealand Friend!}* and Feegee Islands, and Rotumab, and con eluded with tho following general summary for 1858 : Chapola, 378 ; other preaobing places, 370 ; missionaries 30; assistant missionaries, 18 ; members, 14,820; oi trial, 3270; sabbath scholars, 6319; day sobolan »10,750 ; total number attending on public worship 70,79». Total expenditure, £10,830 lös. 8d. ; rooeipts £0032 14s. Od.; defioienoy, £1807 Os. lld. In con elusion, the report urges on the Christian pnblio tk< neoessity of increased exertion on behalf of the Mission: ; 'under this Society. i KIAMA. I WEATHER.-Tho weather is to-day, and for some dayi past has been,.sultry, with an' occasional thunderstorm such as is peculiar to this season. . . CROPS.-The wheat orop. here bas now almos attained its maturity. The ohange of colour, frort green to yellow, whioh indicates this, is now appareni in every wheat paddook. The general impression ii that this year's crop will exceed tbe average of forme; years. The barley crop is now quite ripe ; and reapinj has already aommenoed. There is but- little barley grown' in this district this year ; but, doubtless, wha there is will be of tbe very best quality.' There is but t small extent of land under potatoes this year; the crop however, promises well.. Maize is being extensive!) planted; and in several paddooks it has already a pro noising appearance. - - EXTORTS.-Per steamers from Kiama from 30tb No vember to 11th December, 1857 :-324 kegs batter, 2 casks tallow, 2 casks pork, 101 pigs, 37 calves, 20 coops poultry, 27 cases eggs, 53 hides, 6 bales calfskins, 1 jaie .bacon, 16 bags wheat, 24 bags maize, fl bags barley, 14- bags grass seed, 80 bags potatoes, 79 bags onions, 2 bags horns, 1 casa cheese, 32 bales cabbage-tree kands. ULLADULLA. THE GHOST AOATN.-The ghost I mentioned a short time baok, still continues to send forth its strange and tremendous sounds. On the evening of the 1st instant, nine persons went out to endeavour to dispel the .mystery whioh surrounds this matter. For this purpose, "three entered the swamp, the other SIE stopping outside 'to see that the monster did not make its escape. Not many moments -hud elapsed after the three had entered *the sarub, wheo the dreaded stranger gave forth a bellow < -whioh made tho six outsiders fancy their legs were their . best friends, and they made off as quick as they could leaving the three in the scrub to get oat the best way they might. The three stout-hearted exploie.s said they got so near as to hear the breathing of the monster. Some still affirm-it is a bird, others a crocodile, another says it is a hippooentaur, but Mr. Berry says he saw it, ! and it is a bird. Ba this as it may, many still stick to .' the belief that it is something supernatural, as no known : .animal has suoh a powerful voice. X trust I will be able . to tell you of its capture in my next report. MORUYA. NUOOET mon Mooo.-I saw a beautiful nugget of gold to-day, whioh was brought from Mogo by Mr. George Williams. Tbe nugget is intermixed with quarte, and is pronounced 'by experienced diggers to be a fine speci- men. I weighed it myself, and fonnd it to be 2| oz. I \- think' these diggings will yet.go Behead. . THE RAOES.-The. Moruya races came off on the 1st, 3nd, and 3rd instant. 