TBE AMERICAN HORSES AND TBE GOOD- WOOD COP. Want of space prevented the insertion last week of thc following " card" of Gillpatrick, the rider of: Prioress in tho Goodwood Cup, which,-on his return to New York, he thought proper to ; publish in Porter's Spirit of the Times. Such a communication' will, no doubt, appear strange to Knglish sportsmen, and tho attempt of a jockey to screen his gross riding by divulging the , private . trials of tho stable is as inexcusable as dishonest: and wo con- gratulate ourselves that tho annalsi of the British turf do not display a similar- instance of betrayal of trust between master and servant. To THE EniToa or," POUTER'S SrimT. OF ME TIMES". " My Dear Sir-As I nm met hero by a great desire to know the particulars of the Goodwood Cup Ráco,and as I find there is an inclination erincod by. some parties to censure me therein, I shall beg the favor of your columns, as a general and' final answer to them all. . " I left New Yorkj'Juno 20, engaged by Mr Ten Broeck, to ride either one or other of his horses, in. tho Good- wood Cup. 1 arrived at Southampton on tho 30th Juno, and immediately departed fdr ' our training stable at Stockbridge, which I reached tho following- day. I saw tho horses Pryor : and Prioress.. Tho formen had jiiBt re coverod from a lung fever, and had been gnllopped, Mr Palmer told rae (if 1 recollect, right), but three: times previous to my arrival. Prioress hid been also ailing, but seemed in better condition than Pryor, who, though he looked pretty enough tu the oyo of an ordinary v. spec- tator, was in no racing: trim whatever. I immediately set to work, exercising Pryor, whom I found incapable of ex- tending himself; in fact, tho horse scorned tied up, which fact i forthwith communicated to Mr Ten Brook; be did not seem to - listen to my comments, and madel mo no satisfactory reply. Matters remained in this state until about the. 16th of July, when our first trial took.placet the distance was one mile and., a half. I rodé Prioress alone for tho first halfmile, when Pryor, ridden by Little-. Geld, joined in- he beat the maro to the Stand, she tiring badly, and showing signs of leg weariness. Things went on in the same way up to the next trial; which took place on tho 25th of Julyi'ovor tho samo track. I again1 rode the maro; tho trial Was two' miles); Pryor running tho cntlrb distance, and*Prioress joing in for tho Inst' milo and a half. Tho mare beat Pryor about two lengths in tho trial,' but exhibited the same symptoms of leg weariness as on tho previous occasion. "On the following Saturday we left fdr Goodwood.' Mr Ten Broeck stopped with tho'horses ; there''was - much talk among ourselves nbout the prospocts of our horses,' but'-nothing-transpired of interest to the' public' On Monday, morning, we commenced galloping on tho Good- wood Course, which gallops wo repeated every morning until that nf the race. Mr Ton ' Broeck walked round the Cup-Course with us, and some conversation took place as to the best gronnd for us - to run on, especially the maro, as she was such a long strider that wo wanted to obtain tho smoothest possible place for her to run on, 1 " Mr Ton, Broeck pointed out to me tlioBo portions of tho track he thought tho best suitable to the mare, as tho smoothest and most; freo . from undulations, which might throw her-out of ber stride, and accordingly on the day. of thoraco, I,în obedience to-his directions, swttng -out of the beaton path, followed hy tho other.horses,.in order to obtain ground moro suitable to tho mare's peculiarity of stride. ) '* Ort tim morning pf .'tho race, my orders were to make à slow, or what English jockeys call ' à waiting racé of it' further, ' not to' take the load, or force the running, if I coiild'holp it, with Prioress; ; "Tho 6tart took place; we all went at a bad paco for tne-first hair rallor Prioress', unlike ordinary horses, when v put'to- a gallop, from hor length' of stride, cdnrtot go. slow, and tho-pace was so bad- with tho others, that in npitb of myself I wat forced to take tho load, which I maintained to the'sccond'tura going out, up to which., lime I lind lt opt tbe inside of tho traci; ttio others tailing the outside. I then gradually Lent across the track as hail been agreed upon, Which brought ma n little outside of the others, who retained their original position. We ran in this way, at a bad pace, to the top of the hill; when we arrived here the maro appeared to bo very fresh, and I thought would make a good run hoirie. The paco now began to ¡aerease.. I kept with thorn to the turn into tho straight run in,.when a still grouter improvement in speed.took place. At the half distance they begun to quit mo. and when within a hundred and fifty yards of the stand I foiind the mare give way, and in a few strides more was.' gone all to pieces', which I imagine overybody present perceived. Hero was an end of tho raco - tho maro being.physically incapable, from want of condition, of doing-better. As. to Pryor, with neither speed nor "bottom, he had not the. ghost of a chance in any part of the roco. . v" Nothing.'wás said to nip., hy Mr Ten Broeck. or any other person connected with tho stable, after tho race was Qyer, but t learnt that vvjiilst wo were running, Mr Morris observed (when hosaw mo leádinü, as I was forced to do for a short time) that I was disobeying orders in taking tho lend, and that ho would settle hp with me in tho morning and send mo homo. Nothing moro was-said tome theh, but my'rhiml was previously mado up tn como homo n ny bow, whether! I won or. lost.. Nextmnrning Mr Ten. Broeck sent Pryor and . Prioress, back to the training stable at Stockbridge. After, they had pono he said to- rne, ' Why, I thought-you-. had. gone.with the horscsí|; I. replied,'No, I with, to go home'; on which ho remarked, ho thought perhaps it was best, as tho horses wen) not fit to run, nnd he did not know if ho should run them ngnin this fall.' Ho then settled up with me, and I - left Eng- land, and here I am. , . v 411 have been accused of losing ground .in the race. If I did so, it was in compliance with- Mr Ten Broeck's directions.as to.those portions of the track to bo taken'to suit tho mare, and-whatever.ground.I may have lost' in this way; Ir moro, than mndo up subsequently. The simple fact is, the horses were worn1 out with long and useless kind of work. During, nearly a twelve-month previously. Hie;/ had never even had a sweat (so the boys told vie)'from- the lime they landed .until 1 arrivdin Eng- land. The consequences- may.- bo imagined-namely, want of condition, and absolute need of rest-they were' full of fat-burnt up.insido,' leg weary; and -no vitality in thom.. \- " In: conclusion, I have no hesitation in asserting that had our horses been properly taken care of from tho com- mencement-carefully, trained, and brought to the-post in anything like, the condition we have seen them oxhibit at homo-that either of .them could and would have won the Goodwood Cup easily* ? ... "At the time ofmy leaving., there was nb prohahilitylof .ither of the- horses- Pryor, Prioross, or Lecompte, running at Brighton or< Lewes. Indeed. I think it doubt- ful if tbo American, horses will appear again .prior to tho four mile race over the Beacon Course, at the'New- market Houghton Meetingi in October. ., ' "1 make the foregoing statement-in justice to myself,, and in .order to be freed from the blame winch has un- justly been cast upon. roe. I have faults enough'ofmy own, without being burdened with thoso of othor people; Had I had my own way, I would havo returned immedi- ately after seeing the horses; as it was, 1 stopped, and did the best I could under the most adverso circumstances: Hence I do not choose to incur the odium merited by other; -Yours respectfully. "GlLLPATIUCK. ! "New York,.Augu3t 17, 1857." 