||Next in importance to the land question itself|| WILLIAMSTOWN, Saturday, June 20th. POPULATION AND LABOUR. and intimately connected with it, is that of assisted immigration. A few short months ago a series of resolutions on the subject were submitted by the old Haines Government to the Assembly for its consideration; and after due consideration, as it then seemed, they were adopted as the basis of a Bill to be thereupon introduced. The Bill was brought in, and, having passed the ordeal of committee without material alteration, it was passed and sent up to the Council. The principal features of the measure were that it appropriated some three hundred thou- sand pounds of the public money to immigra- tion purposes, and created a new department of Government in which there were appoint- ments so exceedingly desirable that a member of the then existing cabinet accepted one of them, and the independence of Parliament was seriously impaired, for a time by the eagerness with which certain of its members partook in the scramble for the inferior prizes. The Bill was passed, as we have said, almost without alteration. Discussion over it there was in abundance, but only on matters of detail. The principle involved in it was never impugned,-the absolute propriety of sending home money to promote immigration, was never questioned. The money was freely voted for the importation of an immense addi- tion to the population of the colony; the cumbersome and expensive machinery of immigration was fully sanctioned ; and Mr. Childers sailed for, Europe, and with him certain other gentlemen to fill offices subordi- nate to him. Soon, however new light broke upon; the country. Before the first step had been taken for the carrying out of the magnificent project it dawned upon the minds of the working men that the im- migration scheme was nothing better than a scheme to reduce wages. Meetings were held in Melbourne and elsewhere and the question was hotly discussed whether the Government was to be permitted to send away the people's money to bring out more men to compete with them in the labour market, and a very decided negative was re- turned. Thereupon the working men of the city resolved upon sending into Parliament a man from their own ranks, and when Messrs. Michie and. Moore vacated their seats on accepting offices in the present administration, Mr. Donn was put forward as an opposing candidate. The attempt was not successful, and the arguments used in favour of a genuine working man representative were not conclu- sive, any more than was the cry "Australia for the Australians," sound and logical; but the agitation produced its effects nevertheless. Messrs. Moor and Michie expressed con- siderably modified sentiments on the question of immigration. Mr. O'Shanassy and others declared that they never had approved of the wholesale importation proposed; and there was a general feeling that it would relieve us from a good deal of embarrassment if the immigration Bill, now before the Council, should be rejected by that honourable conclave altogether. Meanwhile the actual condition of the labour market continued to be matter of great doubt and uncertainty. The rates of wages quoted in the Melbourne journals were alleged to be illusory and deceptive; it was said that those rates were merely nominal; that they could only be obtained by the very best hands; and that the profits even of such were materially diminished by frequently re- curring intervals when work could not be obtained at all. From the gold-fields information was ob- tained that many of the miners were realizing very small wages indeed; that many of them were barely obtaining as much gold as sufficed to meet the expenses of living; and that others would be in absolute want if they had not something saved from more fortunate days, while others again were kept in life by the storekeepers, who gave them supplies on credit until they had " bottomed," or "struck the reef'", or obtained water to wash out, or until the arrival of some other event which was to bring with it prosperity; and on one point the evidence was almost unanimous that in the event of railways or other great public works being commenced thousands of able- bodied men would hasten from the gold-fields to seek employment on them, preferring a cer- tain competency to the chances of sudden wealth, which had so long dazzled them. In the open column of the Argis the battle has been fought with great pertinacity. One day a correspondent tells a piteous tale of wanderings about the streets of Melbourne penniless and without food or shelter, and harrows up our feelings with his melancholy story. Next day it is the other side of the picture that is presented to us, and we see the carpenters and masons on strike for eighty four shillings a week. In despair the Argus issues a special commission to its correspon- dents in all parts of the colony to enquire into the state of the labour market in the various localities, and a great mass of evidence is soon forthcoming ;-but it is not to our mind satis- factory. The several correspondents seem rather to have considered it their duty to sup- port the cry for more population which the Argus has so long maintained, than to enquire faithfully into the facts and report accordingly; and consequently the evidence is not so valu- able as it might have been. We have carefully examined the evidence on this labour question as it has reached us from every quarter of the colony, and we have seen nothing to make us believe that anything like distress prevails. There are idle men in the colony, and dissolute and vicious men, and those, coming to want as they deserve to do, will create a pauper class if they do not resort to the commission of crime to supply themselves with the means of living. Others are incapacitated by physical weakness from earning a living by manual labour, and they must necessarily have a hard struggle to maintain themselves if not fitted by education or training for any other kind of work, as is the case with very many; and others again, shiftless and purposeless by nature, no doubt find by sad experience that the moral feebleness which, perhaps, wrought their ruin in the old country, and sent them to our shores entails no less suffering upon them in the new. Such persons as those must be ill off; and 'it does not follow that the country is over- stocked because they find it difficult to get on. The evidence of the gold-fields papers is to the effect above detailed, but that only when given in general terms; we do not find it borne out by the items of actual news furnished by the same journals. We are told in a general way that it is a hard struggle with the men to make a living, but we must be excused for doubting whether. it is so with any but an inconsiderable frac- tion of the diggings population, when we are informed, at the same time, that certain men working on a claim for wages had refused to accept five pounds a week, and that the em- ployer had to yield to their demand and give them six. The touching appeals of the Argus correspondent too, end in his announcing after the lapse of a few days that he had obtained employment to hid mind; so that after all the only thing proved by him is, that it is a com- fortless thing for a man to land in Melbourne without a shilling in his pocket, which it re- quires no ghost to proclaim. If the streets were paved with gold it would be so, for gold then could not be exchanged for bread and beer. Still, though we are not satisfied that there are more men in the country than there is plenty of work for, and though we believe that the wealth and greatness of this country can only be secured by large accessions to its population, which accessions we believe would add to the resources of the colony without materially affecting the present gains of the individual workmen-we do not regret that the general immigration scheme of the old Haines Government has been abandoned. And abandoned it has virtually been. In the Council, on Wednesday afternoon, the Post- master General substituted for the Bill which had been passed in the Assembly a totally different one,- one which contains only four clauses in lieu of the twenty-one contained in the other, and which does little more than put colonially appointed officers in the place of the old Emigration Commissioners. Only one hundred and thirty instead of two hundred and eighty thousand pounds is now proposed to be spent; and the smaller sum principally on the importation of single females, and in defraying the expenses of assisted immigra- tion. This our readers will observe amounts to a tacit acceptance by the Government of the principle embodied in Mr. Foster's resolutions, which he brought before the House last week, but had to withdraw on a point of order raised. The second reading of the Bill-the sub- stituted one- was carried on division, and when it goes back to the Assembly we have no doubt it will be carried there also. Perhaps the bolder policy of bringing in population wholesale might have conduced more to the rapid growth of the country, and perhaps no suffering or hardship would have been entailed by it, -and such is our opinion, -but certainly the safer way is to allow the demand for labour to create the supply. It is better that the day when Victoria is to become a great nation should be somewhat deferred than that privation and struggling should be the lot of any portion of the popu- ation in the meantime; and, above all things, it is desirable that perfect confidence and reliance should subsist between the working men of the colony on the one hand, and the Parliament and Government on the other. The abandonment of the more objectionable. feature of the immigration scheme will go far to convince the working men that their inte- rests are attended to by the Legislature; and more than that, that their wishes are allowed to have due weight. In adopting the resolu- tions originally the Assembly acted as the members thought best for the public good,-- now we see new ideas in the ascendency, and the change wholly brought about by the ex- pression of opinion out of doors. 