VICTORIA. The Inauguration of the Victorian Con- stitution has, according to the Geelong Advertiser, been happily effected, under the auspices of a ministry commanding the confidence of the majority. It is probable, therefore, that a great political change will have been brought about, without affect- ing the stability of government, or the in- terests of the colony, beyond the agitation incidental to all political changes. The public mind is quiescent, and reliant, sa- tisfied with what the New Constitution offers, except in some minor points, and looking with confidence to the Haines' Administration, to carry the clauses of the Constitution into effect. Except with a small minority, we think that there is an approximation of principle, sufficiently near to maintain a vigorous ministerial po- licy, whilst the ardent spirits of the newly fledged minority will render healthy ser- vice to the state, by aiming at what it can- not get, and by stirring up commotion, it will prevent stagnancy, or retrogression of political opinion. It is a great thing for the colony, that such a vast political change has been brought about, with so little acrimony, and that a new state of po- litical affairs can be inaugurated in peace, and amid public rejoicings. INSOLVENCY.—Victoria may be said to have now pulled through the difficulty under which she for a while laboured. The colony has be- come convalescent; is, indeed, "charming well again." —The fever heat of speculation, with which everybody seemed to be affected shortly after the discovery of our inexhaustible gold mines, has subsided, and the consequen- ces—a commercial panic aud insolvency—may be considered, as all over. Few colonies could have withstood such a shock to the System as Victoria experienced, and yet we are in a more healthy state of prosperity than ever! It must surely be a strong proof of the soundness of our constitution as a co- lony: but we have, nevertheless, had a lesson that will be of some value. There is now a very sensible difference both in the number of insolvents and in the amount of their lia- bilities, as contrasted with the state of affairs a few months ago, when sequestrations were matters of daily occurrence for most alarming liabilities. According to tho Insolvency Cir- cular, published by Messrs Grundy and Cooke, of this city, there were upwards of 200 insolvencies from the 1st October 1855, to 30th September, 1856. The amount of li- abilities range from the pretty considerable item of L.82,522 3s 3d., attached to the name of Mr John Black, the builder and quondam lessee of our Theatre Royal, to the ridicu- lously smab sun of L.90, owing by James M'Donnall, a miner, who has. however, as- sets to the value of L 1915 ! Talk no longer of the Curiosities of Literature; there are far more curious things for our edification re- vealed in au insolvent court; as, for example, an insolvent at his third meeting declaring with the most perfect nonchalance that he is the ownner of the reversionary interest in property and cash rather over than under L.200,000; or that of a gentleman, an ex- English M P., "taking the benefit of the act," and obtaining a certificate of relief from debts to the amount of L.35,738, whilst his assets are set down at only L.276 6s. Terrible Sand Storm.—On Saturday night and Sunday morning Melbourne and its vi- cinity were visited by a wind and sand storm surpassing in intensity any which we have experienced in the colony, and has been at- tended with very serious results. Owing, however, to the Sunday placing our usual sources of information in abeyance, we are only able to report a few of the casualties which have occurred. The weather during the day was not distinguished by any pecu- liarity, if we except a few smart showers which fell towards sunset; but close upon midnight the wind began to blow in violent gusts, which increasod towards one in the morning, when the storm had reached an awful pilch. On returning home at that hour by way of Collins street, we were as- sailed by the full force of the tempest, which was so laden with sand and small pebbles that it was utterly impossible to make head against it, or to see half a dozen yards before us. So heavily dust-laden was the air, that the lamps were quite invisible till we were close upon them, and it became necessary to feel our way by the sides of the houses, and make frequent halts to recover breath. If we turned the corner of a street we were sure to meet a little group of persons who were un- fortunate enough to be out of doors, taking shelter under anything which promised to break the force of the blast. At last we ma- naged to get home, having occupied an hour in performing what, under ordinary circum stinees, should not have taken more than twenty-minutes. All night long the storm raged violently, shaking the houses till they seemed ready to fall. The dust penetrated every chink, and sweept into the rooms in clouds; and would-be sleepers, if they wished to keep it out of their mouths, could only do so by burying their heads beneath the cover- lids. At daylight the storm had not abated, nor did it diminish in its fury till about two in the afternoon, when a heavy shower of rain served to lay the dust, and brought with it comparative calm. The storm seems to have raged with pecu- liar violence on the shores of the Bay, where everything lay very much exposed to its in- fluence. At Williamstown it seems to have been at its height between twelve and one on Sunday afternoon, when several houses were unroofed, and the lighters and boats in the Bay suffered severely. A valuable boat, about thirty-four feet in length, which had been hauled ashore tor repairs, was lifted from the ground several feet, into the air, carried about three hundred yards inland, when she descended with such violence that she was completely broken up. The regis- tering cord of the wind guage at the Tele- graphic office was broken away by the force of the gale. Mr Elery, telegraph-master, in- forms as that according to the way in which the spring weat up therefore could not have been less than forty pounds to the square inch. The wind veered about from north to West, and the barometer VA as as low as 29.30, which is lower than it has been for three years provijus. At Sandridge considerable da- mage was effected, and al Emerald Hill the wooden church of St. Luke, which had lately been removed from the former site, was wholly overthrown by the wind. This occurred at one o'clock, luckily there was no congrega- tion assembled within its walls, as knowing its precarious conditim under such fearful odds, it hid been deemed advisable to dis- pense wita the usual morning service. In Melbourne several houses were unroofed and otherwise seriously injured, but we are not yet possessd of particulars. Tue evening proved beautifully calm, and presented a marked contrast to the horrors which attended the first hours of the day. STATISTICS. Some returns of great velue Ivive recently boen issued from the department of the lle gisttar General, having reference to the agricultural and pastoral interests of the co- lony, which wo give for the behoof of the home .reader. The total l.umhor of farmers in Victoria at the end of the season ended the 31st March last was 4326, and :ho total acres in cultiva- tion 115,135, or 2f5 acres to each holder or occupier. These 115,135 acres were cropped as follows :-In wheat, for grain 42,686 acres for hay 15 acres; in maize, for grain 121 acred, for green food 58 acr.s ; in bailev, for gram 1548 acres, for green food 407 acres,'for hay 270 aures ; in oat*, foi grain I7,800]aeres, for gwen food 489 acres, for hay 39i826 acres ; in turnips 355 acres; in mangold wurbzel 17 acres ; in cabbages 16 acres ; in oníoús 38 acre's ; in carrots 6 acres ; in poàB and 'fbjaanB-i84i>!Bcr,es j (in! v¿etíjhes '¡9 .Q.cre£í¡ji.rí potatoes Ifcpifl ¡aores} ja to^aqcipf .23.jacrfls.; V\ «JWtt gmm H *cres; m yir«*.2^ aprqs. The yield from these props is thuï'giyenin the returri-rMaS.OlI huphels1 'or'wheat (above 28 bushels tp ihe acr'e): S142 bushels of' maize, 55,1'60 ' bushels 'of ' barley,' 6V4,ffîé bushels of oats,'ííOOOtioflá of turnips, 6lÖHons of mangold \vurlzel, 10 tons of cabbage, ¡110 tons of onions, ¡19 ton's carrots, 237? .busb.çië of peas and. beans, £9,796 tons of potjatoes, 331 cwt of tobacco, \t tons vheat haj, 6$Ç tons barley hay, 82,619 tons of hay, 8 tons of sown grasses, 488,832lbs of grapes sold, and 9,871 gallops of wine. y ? ! ' The number of acres under cultivation is thus distributed among the various counties and districts-County of Bourke, 43,723; Grant, 80,47,6 ;7,EvelAn. 2756; Mornington, 2572; Dalhousie, ß937; Polwarth, 1466; Ripon, 528; Talbot, 3177; Grenville, 753 ; Havnriden, 350 ; Heytesbury, 619 ; Anglesey, 49; Rodney, 799: Dundas, 480; Follett, 123 ; Normanby, 1320 ; Villiers, 10,827 ; District of Avoca, 755 ; Ovens, 2211 ; Ben- digo, Its9 ; Gipps Land, 1197 ; Wimmera, 64 acrct. GOLD AND MTNING.-The most interesting piece of information which we have to com- municate respecting the gold, is, that the quantity sent by the last ship, the Heather Bell, made up the exports for the year to upwards of a hundred tons ; and with nearly two of the best months in the year for mining purposes still to come. It is difficult to re- alise the fact. There is something stupen- dous in the idea of hundreds of tons of gold ; and our gold- diggers are at this moment on gaged in getting together the second hun- dred within the year. We give below a few statistics about the gold. Mining is now a settled occupation ; those engaged in it have made for themselves tole- rable houses ; houses at least that are habi- table and not unpleasant to live in under our gallant Australian climate; they have their wives with them in very many instances, ai 1 live in the middle of their families Uko any other workmen. They have, also, in many localities creuted gardens out of the exhausted diggings surrounding their tents, which give a comfortable and home-like air to them, But these and miny other things which oc- cur to us will come moro properly under con- sideration wh"n we treat upon iho social as- pects of the gold-fields, as wo intend to do in an early number. Respecting mining, per- haps the most noticeable thing is, that it is not so profitable to the individual miner as to the country ; and that, notwithstanding the io is and hundreds of tons of gold which we have spoken about, very many able-bodied men are workina on our gold fiel la for a bare living ; and soma, though hard-working and self-tleuying men can hardly earn even that. It has boen argued, strange as it may appo r, tint gold diguing does not pay ; and we be- lieve th»re is this much truth in the state- ment, that taking iuto account the averoge findings of the miners and the current ratos of wages, the gold does not repay the price of labour." 'Slill it is not fair to'argueso; for but for the gold, wages would not be so high as they are, and men will always work at gold digging in preference to any other kind of wirk,' though the returns from day to day or fro ii weplt to week, siiould be consider- ably le?s. There is always the chance of some .splendid success ; the digger has co i shintly before bira the hope that the luck wh'ch has ovjrliken so many others will bo his one day ; and if the toil be severe and the privations many, still the life of a digger is a ploasant one. Indeed there is something fino <-poetic almost-in the life of a digger. The more 'enterprising class of them-those who .despise the small out rapidly-obtained and al rtost certain profits of surface washing -enter upon great speculations ; they dig iminpii30 bolos, eighty, a hundred, a-id in some instances nearly two hundr -d feet deep. In those deep sinkings there is often the la- bour of months expended, the workers mean- while living upon the profits of previous ad ventures : much money is besides laid out in materials of various kinds, and Hie patienie and steadfastness of purpose which enable men to bear up under continuous and ardu- ous labour for weeks and months on a stretch with only a hope to live upon seems to us something to wonder at ana admire. FROG IMPEDED IN STONE.-The Ballarat Sior. under the title of A New .. Find," thus reports a diseovery which has many authenti- cated parallels in quarrying operations in the North of Engltnd: a miner, named Haysom, working in the Flying Cloud claim, Alount Pleasant Lead, has favoured us w itli a sight of a frog, which he informs us was found on fracturing a piece of solid dry rock, ata depth of 52 feet on that lead. He tells us the piece of rock was jutting ont, and OD knocking it off wiïh his hammer the frog or toad fell out ; the place of its alleged snug resting place being shewn to us iu the identical mass of rock. There are some who think that as the reptile was obtained iii the night shift, it might have been hopping out on a night excursion from ¡ the neighboring swamp, and tumbled unluck- ily" down the 6haft. Be this as it may, the curious in thes¿ things can see the animal safely housed ia a bottle, at the residence of Air Jlayaou next the 2Vumpeler office. Speci- men Hill, and form whal conclusions they like. The feet of tl-ie reptile appear destitute of n eb, and to ha furnished with long claws i«- stead. A CHINESE CONCERT ON BALLARAT.—We find the following description of a Chinese musical entertainment in the Ballarat Star :— "The great attraction of the evening was the performance of six Chinese upon certain mu- sical instruments. The number of persons present was about 2,000, there being a great muster of Celestials. The principal performers were O-Wai and A-Fou, but what particular instruments they played we are at a loss to say. Out of the six.musieians three performed on what bears some reseni'dance to an English violin ; the bow used being somewhat similar to that used by a violincello. Two others per- formed on instruments played in the same fashion as a guitar, and the sixth had a small basket placed before him, fixed on three pieces of wood, was evidently meant to represent a drum. This basket performer beat with two very small drumsticks, occasionally accompa- nying tlie action by. singing. To say that these six Chinese 'discoursed most eloquent music.' would be to make a great mistake, as the sound produced reminded us of certainly, nothing Terrestrial which we ever heard be- fore. The novelty of this entertainment drew a large company together, but the music was far too peculiar to be generally appreciated." MONSTBB HSvQQttiä.'-iWer visited the ßub Treasüry i>W J^riday. for the purpose of'in spectông'a anlèndSd nugget containing243 ozs., of'pure ! ßöldr; and BMO a'lump of quartz] weighing J 360 ossa 10 dwts , and estimated to contain at least 200 ozs of gold. The fortu- nate findertí obtained their Treasure near the Burface.' íto the' last few days there has been exhibited in the-*window of a Mr Andrew Bannerman, of view Point, a nugget weighing 90 tozs., which was picked op in close proxi: mity to the township by a party of three men, two of whom had not been many days on the diggings. The nugget is not what we usually caji a handsome one ; it has several marks of a pick, and soma previous explorer must have struck it many times.-Courier of the Mines. HopsEwmrpidG A I'EEMIBE.-The follow- ing has reference to an assault upon the Pre- mier of New South Wales:-On the 14th, Alexander J. Evelyn, a clerk in the Survey- or-General's department, was brought up at the Central Police Court, charged with assaul- ting Mr Watson Parker. Defendant met the complainant in the street, and enquired whe- ther he had the honor of addressing Mr Par- ker? Being answered in the affirmative, de- fendant handed his card, at the same time ap- plying a horsewhip two or three times to Mr Parker's shoulders. The cause of defendant's conduct is supposed to be a public reprimand received from the hsad of his department, at at the instance of the Governor-General, for improper behaviour. Trie B¿nch declined to deal summarily with the case, and defendant was committed for trial, bail being accepted for his appearance. Daring attempt to escape from the Hulks, and murder of a Warder. THERE are moored in Hobson's Bay, oppo- site to the town of Williamstown, several hulks, in which are confined the more des- perate criminals. Some of these are kept in solitary confinement, and watched with the utmost vigilance lest they should es- cape; while others, respecting whom less solicitude exists, or whose term of punish- ment is shorter, are conducted ashore every day in irons, and put to work in stone quarries adjoining the landing place. At- tempts to escape are not infrequent, but are seldom successful. On the 23rd of October — the day of the barracks tragedy, such an attempt was made, and of such a determined and blood-thirsty description that we think the details of it as they ap- peared in the daily papers at the time will not be found uninteresting. We may re- mark for the information of European readers, that Melville, the hero of the story, in a ruffian of the melo-dramatic order. Stories are in circulation in the colony of his wonderful exploits as a bush- ranger, and were revived at many a public house bar, and at many a fireside, by his attempts to escape. It is said that he was wont to take the field iu great splendour, armed to the teeth and mounted on a splendid charger; that he is accomplished in a high degree, and of gallant bearing; that he took from the rich and gave to the poor, and other things that have been said of more than one infamous scoundrel be- fore. A lady from the agricultural districts called at our office and mode it her parti- cular request that we should not omit to give the lull details of the case in our first number. She seemed quite fascinated with the subject: —"Melville was such a handsome fellow," she said, "and so ge- nerous !" We ventured to remark that it would be a fine sight to see him hanged, to which she assented with enthusiasm, but added with regret, that she would not be able to come to town to see it. We subjoin the report furnished by the Bay reporter of the Argus:— "We have now to record facts connec- ted with two terribie murders which some eight of these ruffians committed in at- tempting to escape from their keepers; and our readers will not be very much sur- prised to learn that this band of murderers was headed by the notorious Melville. This man had been sentenced to penal punishment for the term of thirty-two years —passed upon him for a series of robberies perpetrated in the bush under arms — and for some four years he has been confined in the hulk President, where criminals of the worst description are placed under strict confinement and discipline. It was generally believed by the officers counected with this vessel, who had watched Melville very closely, that the devilish spirit which he had for so long a time exhibited had been completely broken, and he was per- mitted certain books for his moral instruc- tion, and was up to the time of the pre- sent outrage, actually engaged in a trans- lation of the Bible into the tongue of the aborigines of these colonies, with whose language he'is well acquainted. The se- verity of his punishment had recently therefore, been relaxed, and he was remo- ved from the President to the Success, from which vessel he was allowed to go ashore with other convicts, to break stones on Gellibrand's Point. Of this relaxation of discipline Melville appears to have taken advantage, and hence the outbreak on Wednesday night and the loss of life which followed. From the lengthened evi- dence taken on board the Deborah in the Bay yesterday, it appears that about five o'clock on the eveniug mentioned the con- victs were mustered at the point for em- barkation. A launch containing some 40 or 60 of these criminals, amongst whom was Melville, was taken alongside the steps of the pier, into which the men entered. A small boat, containing Owen Owens (a constable), a refractory sailor named John Turner—the murdered men — and other parties, was a-head of the launch, for the purpose of towing the latter to the Success. Mr. Jackson, shipkeeper on board the Lys- ander, who was in charge, observed the convicts crowd to the bow of the boat, and, as this excited his suspicions, he ordered some four or five aft, so us to trim the boat. The boats were pushed from the landing-place, and when about one hundred fathoms from the shore, some of the pri- soners seized the rope by which the launch was being towed, and hauling the boat up to the smaller one, nine of them headed, by Melville, rushed into tihe smaller vessel, and cut the line by which the two vessels had been attached. Jackson had been. seized by Melville and thrown overboard, and the officer swam to the smaller boat, in which were the men Owens, Turner, four or five refractory sailors, and the nine convicts struggling for its possession. Jackson escaped by a miracle, Melville rushed upon Owens and knocked him down into the bottom of the boat, the other couvicts pucceeding in throwing Turner overboard, and forcing the refractory sai- lors from the boat. The convicts were now in full possession, and pulling within fire of one of the hulks. Melville and his gang were fired upon, and one named Hill shot through the neck. He still lies in a very precarious state. Up to this time Owens was still holding on to the boat, when Melville, as sworn by two witnesses, smashed the poor fellow's scull by two fearful blows with a heavy hammer which, had been used in stone breaking. The murdered man was then cast overboard. Immediately after the perpetration of this cowardly murder, Melville flourished the weapon twice round his head, and casting it into the boat kissed his hand to one of the unarmed warders in pursuit, and cried out "Adieu, at last, to Victoria." The water-police boat, in charge of Sergeant Whamond, after a short race came up with the convicts, who at once surrendered, and the murderers were taken on board the Success. Thus ended the attempt on the part of these desperadoes at escape,—the outbreak having caused the deaths of Con- stable Owens, a sailor named Turner, a convict named Stevens, supposed to have been shot and fallen overboard; another felon named Hill received a dangerous wound from a carbine shot in the neck. Superstitious Customs and Burials of the Natives. The season's course of lectures at the Mechanics' Institution has commenced, and promises to be no less interesting than that delivered last year. His Honor Sir William a'Beckett, Mr Blandowski, Professors Hearn, Wilson, and Irving, the Rev. W. Baxter, and B. Smyth, E Syme and J. W. Semple Esqrs., are the lecturers. The first lecture was delivered to a crowded audieuce, who listened with deep attention. From the Argus we extract the following abstract of a very interest- ing address : - " The lecturer in his exordium com- mented upon the small share of attention which had hitherto been devoted to a knowledge of the manners and customs of the aborigines, and also upon the fact to which we have already adverted, viz., the disappearance of tho black before the white races. He instanced this by the rarity of the appearance ol' the natives in the vi- cinity of Melbourne, near which they were formerly in crowds. There were many facts which he had observed years since in reference to the aborigines, and which he could not explain even at that time, and he therefore gave to the public the facts, which his limited knowledge of the native language enabled him to understand, in the hope that others might be induced to do the same. There were in the colony not moro than 200,000 natives, and they had been known to the civilised races for 300 years, and yet the world was without any distinct information as to the habits and manners of the inhabitants of a coun- try equal in size nearly to the whole of Europe. There were three distinct tribes or classes amongst the natives-the first being composed of those who were dis- tinguished by age and fidelity to their tribes. They were very few m number and performed all the religious ceremonies -such as knocking out the teeth of the young men, cutting off the finger-joints of the young women, perforating the septum of the nose. To them were ascribed su- pernatural powers--such as those of con» trolling the elements of nature, flying through the air at night, and sending, by supernatural means, letters or messages to far distant tribes. These persons, or "corrincles," were crafty and sinister in aspect, and differing altogether from the open, manly, and determined aspect of the warriors. These men were diviners of omens, such as the arrival of birds, insects &c;, at the camp. They also supplied their warriors with human kidney fat from a stunned but not dead enemy. When they desired to procure this revolting un- gueot, the corrincles cautiously approached an enemy's camp at night, and, having watched their opportunity, stunned their victim with a blow of a club, taking care not to destroy-lifej/f They then opened the tide between ribs' and nip, and with their nails tore out; the fat from around the kid Veyè.» >¡ The- victim often survived this dreadful'ordeal a1 day'or two, but in ex- treme torture s The fat so procured was moat religiousty kept, and on occasion the faces and breasts of the men were rubbed with av little of it, under the impression ~.,-that' the courage of the deceased was -sy thereby transferred to them, and that wea- pons anointed with it were more success- ful in war and the chase. These elders, f too/often retired from the tribes for weeks, and concealed themselves in caves. On tHeir return they were received with great veneration, and they pretended to have eeen visions. They were also expert ven- triloquists, and gave oracular answers to ?uestion^ of the tribe. The ceremony of nocking out the teeth of tho youths was wthus performed:-A great many aborig- ines having assembled, armed, passed a night in daucing and singing. A space of jgrass, 27 feet by l8, was cleared the next N ^morning, and the lads were placed on one i side, with the corrincles and strangers on / the other. The boys were taken away from their own side one by one, with many gesticulations, and were compelled to sit down, looking on the ground, on the other ; nor were they allowed to look up, or take any refreshment for hours. The corrin- cles on the following day threw themselves on the ground with gestures indicative of pain, and pretended at last to bo delivered I of a bone-their object in gesticulating | thus being to raise a belief that the more they suffered the less the victim would feel the opera! ion. The young men 'then ran about on all fours, imitating the dingo, or native dog, over which this ceremony waa supposed to give them dominion. The figure of a kangaroo made of grass was carried about with many ceremonies thus giving them dominion over that ani- mal. The boys were then placed in a cluster, the corrincles sitting near them, and making horrible faces, sounds, and gesticulations. The boys were then rolled ofr the body each of a corrincle, who writhed about and emitted a growling sound. The boys were thus supposed to be rendered brave men. At last a lad was taken, his gum lanced with a sharp bone, and the tooth knocked out. Three feiuis i were always made before the tooth was L struck, the corrincles arouud raising a hideous clamor to drown any cries of pain which might be uttered, as the blow to remove the tooth was often .epeated sevo ral times before it was removed. The blood WAS not removed from the face of "the b^y, but'allowed to dry there. He was thus initiated into the class of men, and allowed to use the spear and boome- rang, to go forth to battle, aud to choose a wife for himself Great pains were taken during these ceremonials to exorcise any evil spirits near, and Sir It. Mitchell mentioned that a party of savages mistook him and his party for such, and were convinced of it, apparently, on seeing a pistol discharged. As to their omens, they attached great im- portance to shooting rtars, and held thun- der and lightning in great fear. They never whistled, probably from the natural desire of concealment, and never broiled fish at night, fearing the poisonous influ- ence of the moon. Th?y often attempted to frighten each other, and to frighten Europeans with whom they happened to be travelling. An instance occurred to himself (Mr Blandowski) whilo travelling towards the junction of |¡he Murray and the Darling. A native guide attempted several times to alarm him by feats of dex- terity, such as going away for» a little dis- tance, and, apparently without moving, -throwing sticks and stones in his direction. When detected, he asked him "If he had seen the 'dobbie debble.'" Their treat- ment of their sick was very peculiar Sometimes tbey compelled a sick man to hold his face in the smoke of afire as long as be could hold his breath. At other times they made him take water in the mouth and spit it out again, this operation was repeated several times. When a na- tive died suddenly the warriors assembled to decide who had caused bis death, and fixed upon some person who might be either friend or enemy. If a friend or member of the tribe were pitched on, a grand corroboree was held, and the nearest female relative or lubra of the deceased armed with a waddy, belabored the heads of those whom she suspected w ith blows BO vigorous that to an European it was matter of the greatest wonderment that the skull was not shattered to pieces. Any one showing symptoms of dissatisfaction at this ordenl was pricked with spears, eo as to cause great pain in his arras and legs, Juif three or four warriors, who accompa- nied the lubra. If an enemy were fixed on, an oppoitunity was taken to steal to the camp and murder one of the tribe, whose kidney-fat was then removed. The natives believed in evil spirits and ghosts, and for this reason never left their camp after dark. , They never bore the same name as a dead member of the tribe, and never mentioned his name ; but if pressed to indicate bim, did so by recalling some circumstances connected with the indi- vidual when living. Their mourning was performed by cutting their arras and thighs, and by a manifestation of indifference to out- ward circumstances. It was a common mo- nomania with them to fancy a spear-head 1 1 sticking in their back. This they were cured of by the corrincle's pretending to extract a spear-head or bone. They recovered from wounds much sooner than white men, owing to their not using salt or spirits ; but they suffered dreadfully from disease, amongst the chief of which was catarrh. If a father de- sired to transfer his courage to his son, he opened a vein in his arm, and suffered the blood to run down his son's back. Females were frequently sprinkled with cold water during their confinement. A woman getting tired of her child killed it, and adopted a dingo puppy instead; and when a woman died her child was often buried with her. Chil- dren born cripples were killed a few days after their birth ; when twins were born, one was instantly killed- and the same rule applied to half-caste children. Notwithstanding this, it was undeniable that they felt great pain in thus parting with their children, and with their infirm persons who were unable to feed themselves, and who were suffered to wander in the bush. Oowardice was the greatest dis- grace a native could incur ; but when they were opposed to white men-of whose great superiority in weapons they were aware-it was considered proper prudence. The natives were capable of considerable magnanimity, and one instance had occurred in his presence where the life of a brutal bullock-driver had been spared, "as unworthy of revenge," after he had assaulted one of their women in a dis- graceful manner, and when he was in the mid- dle of a native camp in the bush, and totally in their power. The natives believed in the re- appearance of the dead on the earth, and he (Mr Blandowski) had on one occasion been assured by an old woman of the natives, with many tears and a kiss, that he was the ghost of her son. who had been killed by a spear wound in the breast. It was not un- common for the natives to imagine that their deceased relatives re-appeared as white men, and hence the caress of the old lady who took him for her son-a delusion which he did not encourage, but in which she was evidently so sincere that he had not the heart to dispel it. The men of the tribe too saluted him as a re- lative, and brought their children to him. Be- fore a native was buried the native women proceeded to the spot intended for his grave before sunrise, and gave way to lamentations. They also singed off their hair and covered the head with clay and lime to a thickness of two inches-probably to guard against tho cold. This they wore for some time. The mode of sepulture varied according to the rank and sex of the deceased. The tribe around the mouth of tho Murray wrapped their dead in their "possum rugs," and bound them with withes, until they resembled mum- mies. A kind of rude scaffold or platform of branches were next constructed, and the body placed on it, and covered with grass. It was so placed as to face the east, or any water that might be in the vicinity. Here the body remained until decomposition was far advan- ced. The tribe then assembled, and the body was taken on the back of a native through the bush. A number of holes were dug; simulta- neously and with great rapidity, and the bearer of the corpse, suddenly selecting one of these, threw in the body and covered it up. The other holes were filled as hastily as they had been dug, and by these means tho natives imagined that they had confused the evil spirit or ' debble debble," so that he could never discover the true grave. Other natives buried their dead in huts encircled by walls of bark, and several circles of bark drawn round it. They did this to cheat the evil spirit, who could neither walk over the bark nor creep under it. In these huts were placed arms to enable the occupants when they rose to resist the evil spirit. The tribes near Guichen Bay buried their dead in a sitting posture-the head resting on the knees-and the grave co- vered by a hut, with trenches round it. In another tribe the body was placed in a sitting posture across two saplings, covered with a hut. The whole was then borne by four men to tho place of sepulture. He had himself seen a platform erected in the topmost branches of a she-oak, in which he was told the body was laid. This grave had the ap- pearance of an eagle's nest. At Mount Gam- bier the body was placed in the hollow of a tree, and fire being applied it was quickly consumed by the great draught. Young wo- men and boys were usually consigned to the ground. The tribes around Geelong buried their dead in graves, and placed between sheets of bark, and these graves were sur- rounded by ornamented ground, somewhat resembling the plan of an European garden. The lecturer concluded his address, which ex- tended to some length, by an appeal to the good feeling of the white races in favor of the aborigines, whose birthright they had pos- sessed themselves of. 