(l.'IEINfy Of' 'ItIli 3OStS 11(OUSIE A'1 S'1111, IUCKIfXAND.I Tl'n cerrespohilent of the Oveuns and aurry iAdairtiscr turnishes, the following intorestlin larticulars ollthu opening of a Chin.ese Joss Iounse l the lunkinld :--. X1hioteveor lsay9v bho the religions erel of o our long-tailoed iuntr?ler's of tIio le~1gol hbrel, I hey have, in one insitnice, pnt Christianity to thll itli.ht, inmIunteh 'as they hnave heen the tirst to open 1 plotice of worship (if it is not ilesecrtition to makhe use of such 0i term) on the lhiclt ulnd. illaviog boae lne eye-witness to the whole ' 'lproceedings, I will e1nt01 1 c rl0 , through the Imedlim of you r widely- circuloted journld, to Iay beflror your renders 1 t fit outlilne of whlat took lp?c. Arriving u pon the (Aroulnd ImnOt eleven o?'etclck t.m., lthe prinlitpal ennmtllnpenlt of the Celestial roce lpon'llo Illltlllnln, we collt, tit a cotsilerable distance, distinguish the heathlen temlll Iby two g?lldy flgn of It shlnpel wl:ieh, I Olielve, lno problem of nI'oclid could malllslre or describe. At i dislanllce thle conll fused bnaios of somdu reminded me not it lit tl? of seta}e of thlose religiones galherings which I have witunesse ll llang the sInv e'lopl, ltion of thll United StatIes, designated 1s0 amp 11111 nletillng. L'Ioh temple itsnlf.wa aboullt tweny feet in lelgitl, by twelve or fourteen in width, nently I'ramud, the cornicing?folboth walls anl roof' being of canvae or calico the11 inside hall 1i flooring of hoards, whiedi was nujitilui'nd car p1ted il front , ' the altar or talhh in n. small sp1e " ntflnlhlt, eight foot sqparel. '1ihe two side walls were ta0 h decnrateld by It scroll of Chinese hieroglyphics iat least tenll fet long antld slIout.t (welve inches broad. htnmeiliatoly nhove thel door was placed li ordinary sizred mllilror, which was mentiv filgazd eoIt i 11 lon teallutell' s ench utin of tgill ) ctgreganltd crowd endenvourled to get, i ) p of his ugly mu?, the sight of whi l invarn'lly l'brought 1 grinl upon his thee, trot tunlikeo h 0t, of ita l'rgo lha 111)1, when pres11ented wiith aln appl.eiI.At the f'arther !col|, luul fronting the d(aor, stood a s?m1,l table shaded over bhv a canoply of camrlet onlor'ed tllth, not un1il?e the size andll p "'IIIIjl1e of Il fulll draped llud 11ort window. Upon the table stood threi: ordiniary tal looked too pole either thr life or wine. Ieah of theose gblsses was flhnked upon both sides by wvhat:l appeared t' o Ie t couple of siltr?? plntel enIhlesticko. n the Ientre, surrou.nd n?g a pyramid of Ian?y uake., was the like lless of IIt haInI ct oii' at hll wrist. three of lthe li'g'rs st"tlliig erect, the tother two were tulrnle down IIIapparently Ithr tIhe prlllpose of press?ig a?ain, t the pahlm a piece of frril, twhieh iappeared to be exuliing i reddii julice \--lltlhough whalllt lipeiltt toll ns1110 juice Iaight have beelln p Chlinle lierogllyphic sign ilindi eanlilng tilhe mlleaniin of llhe device. WIhether it. was0 by designI, r clhllnsillOss of its mnnIll faitul'er?'tle 1hand ws nlitl?erl' a right llor ii lefi, the lite digits risilg fronm aln even h11as withoutl the seimblance of a t.uniIb uponi itheri side. Allolit I distlancl of two f?ot floml this tablo stool lnotlher of unich 1 nrger size, whichl, lat thte conm?encement Ilf ithle I'c're~ ni0s w1s coveredl with it lnlllletr of wax-Ioolkinl tlapers -which, afterl all, wvro but tallow, painted, Theo lighting of thOse was the aignal lir Ie giilng the rites of ithe ildy. SmaIIIii l nl iges lof wire-looknIl!i 1eeds 11u111 foot lllng wlere laid illn ihiidltllnce l1o011 the table, tnch ldevotef sele?ting it portioln fromt three to ia. dozeI of hles?e reeds. 'T'hoy approached the lighted ,tapeL ; i at the sli11 tittlo ignitingl the reeds Iat the llilam; tIhe rtiring i step or two back wardsl , tho ll bow'ed ' nel thmrlve thllree times he forle th I tble ntl its cointents, lt theo atoi ti0uo wavingll the rlieeds II l nd downll withl '0very b1nd of thle body. 'ilhis 11ct finished, 011on0 of the re!llds wasl iinvarilblty stle in it btowl full of ulliolIed r1ic.- 1)1 Two ' ma'I' 1 l side tabloes stood I llll ll.ng the i rlll'tl'y, lll w h ill I hi h ' il lle ceretmnly wils gone throiugh, nlithiolgh willi fewer w~r. hippers. These reeds, whia only Stw of tlheIl were lighted, igave at rather11 lagreeb l l n rmallic prtlneu , bl t when theys wore ignited in luildreds the smoke .was lhi0ost1 si, beiati)g, 'thil. airtlofli th0 cereony 1s11 inished 0 y100 ing oil'0awh1le lu)tglioe of cn'ackers, disliiaring of 10fie-iirms, 0 tinllgi of drlls, ringin of gnllsill, and clashing1 of ?nl - h:Tils: These, 1 h the conlling?l d voicls of the crowd, who semld 'to mn11 o iI lpointi of tl'hih'g ll at onee, I. ad alli ltongether iilt cihor ls which delies description. Among the mutt ticil?s was a fiddlelr, whoso instrument and lunsie was menoulgh to raii?e tLhe ghost of P'agauini from the tldead, ii order to lchalse such it vilo initaitor of.his nobleo art.ol of lex isltence. The¢ second act of the drlma oem luented hby lighting up h mtuch largerl nlumberlL of teller, the ignition of ail dolble qunltit3 of reeds, accompllanied by redoubled bendingls in front, of the ttable. About this stage of the business matters caste to whet iniglht be' termed ? " dead lock ;" there seemed to Ie at diotretncd of opiniont houtt the routine of the ceremonial. So loud and angr'y was the disputeu that I ti.t pretty eorninl it wonlid be decided by blows, Indpro bably would have bren bhilt hfi tho intorven tion of what appeared to be their high priest, at Ilest the singularity of his costume indi cated himo to Ib so. His shaveont scalp, and lnmg tail was covered by a hood uexctly re senttlilng a Itoouh enwl. A dhrk colourcd julper of somuewhatl t ,ample propLortions, tripinel:l with Ir aboutl the Inecki envelopedll his upper ttntt. Another g'armenllt t of tihe sae rcolour and textutre was worn under the first, the want offil'r.being comopeunsated by about fitur inches inl extra length; underntelt tihe seroIl envelope, and ablout six inches longer, hung down ta comuon rough striped shirt; It pa:ir of rough coarse pants a world too wide tenoosed his lower lithbs, his feet bering stuck iln : ptir of old shoes, whose "enviouu ruents" gaveu o?ular proof that the article of socks were not included in his wardrobe, or that they wer t dispensed with upon this interest titg octcasiol,. lis personal appearance was by no means prepossessing; withered and wrtinkled, his gray andl scanty bheard stuck ott fron e tlh sidl of his upper" lip, lutvtbtg ta pretty close reo scllhlt oce to tlo e whlislikrs of tctldeirly tahbSy. At till events lie in soie degree in smoothing dowit the niisy tottnult. to somethinj likeo order, wlhen :In opening was nmdo riglht and left frotl tthe door, ia roast pigptreseuted itself, borno on high overhead by ta brc-arrmed tcl low, who seemled to otliciato as cook; this was followed in quick suecesssion by roast tbswls, joints of pork, with a variety of of'other dishes, and whose contents and appolcrance your reporter has to aek1iowledge hlis tItter Jgnorlanc. Frlits tmade their tppeararnc in great variety, with cakes andl pstrl y in variolus ftorms. Tlet, w'ith two ar tlreo dishes of cooked rice, seemed to complete the spread. reerything new being in readiness, the lead ing men uanld better dressed portion now carmeo forwardl. ttnd thnelt in front of tloe teoipting viands. A sotrt of chant was commoenced by one of the party, fter which hle pronoun et l two words, thie meanling of which setemed to " Rise, kneel; rise, kneel," &e.;, tllotwing suf ficient time between the words for the toction. .lwhich was generally repeated nine times. I may state that tlhese k?nieelings, or ratlher p'rostrations, were accompatnied in a great manty tases by tile devotees touching the cor pet with the"r tbreheads. The niote evolu tions being gone through; thit worshio ler: rose, making three mtor inclinattions wittlte head'-towaros tile now well- filled table. A few more words were chauntted at intervals, durilg wrlichl the lighter dishes were slightly raised from the table, thet heavier ones beitig merely touched. I ought to have stated thatl, upon the entrtnce of thile viands, two litrge candles, about twelve or fourteen incites long, and nearly two liches tllick, standing at the two extremes of:the table, were liglhted up, and beig ..dccorated with ganooy coloured paper, covered with numerous' Chinese devices, had rather. a, pretty appearance, the only drawback beinghtte eaudlesticks upon whic it they stood, hill'at wer'r rou'h clls of gulllll saIllinlg, .itbutil twelve ihes: lll' ng halil six tlhick, tapired a little tovwards'thie uplper end, an angur h?gl suIllicilg t'or the1 slocketl ' 'he thiril not was the reldnll of tili Clhi ilese rec'rdls, which oInsi.sted of four vohluml4, with two or th're(] smtll supplements. They were read ilth afll seeming reverenle, wilth i slow andiI1 clen( ' lluItterc , 1ochl word sue1mling to be distinctly prollnounced. whllic certainly was in striking c0ontrast with the gabbling in which both the stalnding and kneeloing part of the 1ldien1c inllilied. The realdingl over the prostratioll ntlIl commenced, the ewled ollicilI ledinlg Itoh servicp, whichl wf l now 1 littlhe varied -by i1 Ilistillationl tf 's( cdlear liquid froll 1110 tea pot. Thle worshlilppor hold II common111 glass ill Ili 1hniad, whih one of tle otlliciall partially sUpllied fromn tIhe tefnpot. Tl'he glas w1is then wavedl iln front of the taiile, plart of its con 10lits lw !ing ih tihllflly poi'ed ulpnl1)1i theo girollil i the glas beinlg algilil wved was retui?edl Illto uI, ltable.- All thfe dishes lbeii llng aain dilly handled, the w1orshippers sthlold tip. The oil follow indulgeld iin i bIroad grin, talling. iI few sentences iln apparen tly i cogratllotutoly onlil, 11 muc111l1h a to Otly, " Well dtloll, boys ! you canl now bid dolinlle bo1th to the dlvil and the ballrbrian." u)n'illg ill tite cer1e tnonlies, llllthllgh thle! good things luponl thf tblllh were ftolen toulheld with thie lunld, n0o tllinlg was llowed to lapproactfl thl litps. .:Evcrythiing conbnstiblle which wlu used'lupon the lccasin was reducedl to fishes ol lthu spot, icluttintg jIt Iluper 1ltul oilskinl c:alt,-telc latter blfzedl up pretty ftcoly. 1, at o0110 thne, thilught the entire thbribc 1and its ctillOlltets were to be inl:ludled il the 1'rllt oflferilg. I 11 inclind?n. to I elioeve, f'ron wihat I saw, that the1 Coel ials tare traii fire worshipphers, lnld I believe thalt 1ll 1the plrostraltions were mdli in 1hoioulr i'of that element. 'l The good things spread Upne the ulble seemed l bio ar ranged sfl lhr thle lpurpose of ilioro tircibly Ie inlllding tho wt'orshlipplor, that thely were all iushe!'eil into life, sIustllined iiiI perfectedl, Iby the grealt parentof he!at, the sun. 'T'he il of porinig utl tlhe water Lipon the groul, wals, no Ioubt, lldne in ourdt r tol sllow that: without irrigatlion thel earth woiilld inot plroduce rice; .y·dl still it relqullired the vivify iray Oof thie su 10 brinfi it 0 fo tllitii'ly. I llear'nedl that i the evenllilng thero waIs a0 regular jollititiin over thie catilalilble. , aidedl by lillberall pothtLion%, whlich producedl the co-lll 1i1ma resolt, it gloriouis row, in which it giolod fdel of Chlines clarei t was tlilpped, nlld rlul pretly freCely. Not having been present, I cannot 1volllh fir tlho acli'illillny of te wind-lip, billt 1 in isured thal lt sllIc1 wtas tile conlsumlaltion. 