HAVE WE A GOVERNMENT ? Cardinal Richelieu was a great statesman, and a great minister. He was not an egotist, neither did he exaggerate his power or his capacity when lie said, "I am the State." Louis the Fourteenth said-'-the same thing, in a different sense. The parties to the treaty of Utrecht looked upon Al beroni as something more than the minister of Spain when a clause was annexed to it, that he should never again lioldjjthe office of a minister of state. In-inodeni history, 'liowevev, the fate of a nation has not been cons'deved to depend upon the. capacity of a great minister. ' The policy of Pitt— the heaven-bom minister of England—is etfete ; even the' sinking fund, ' which: was to pay off the national debt, as he intended it should, has proved a financial delusion. , Great ministers now a-days are like angelsV visits, " few and far between." Happy is our lot, that the revival of those great spirits' should' commence in the Southern hemi sphere, and that the. Lord of the Barrabool Hills should impersonate the first of the series. Wil liam Clarke. Ilaines is not only the great minister —he is the Government. The ghost of Sir Charles Uotliam stands appalled in the Council Chamber, invisible to every eye but that of the minister. As for poor Sir Henry Barkly, he is paralysed by the mnjority of one.' His occupation is gone.' If a Cabinet Council is ever held, we hear nothing about it i for we have no court news-man to an nounce, the fact, and no leaky vessel to divulge the subjects of its secret deliberations. Sir Henry Ba'kly enjoys a perfect sinecure',' We are told that overtures have been made to individuals named to join the' administration, but the pro posals, if they , have really been made, are kept from the knowledge • of the public with Venetian secrecy. The negotiations, if there have been any, must have been conducted by word of mouth, iiud it may be assumed have not acquired an official form. " No written letters remain." The Opposition, so active and industrious in proposing questions.to Ministers for their solution, have not'the slightest curiosity to learn how the rotten props that have given way are to be're placed, and the reconstruction of the dilapidated Cabinet is treated as a matter of perfect indiffer ence. We who are placed at a distance from the seat of government are supposed, to bo too insig niticant to lie informed upon- such matters. Tor anything that we know to the contrary, we may have 110 poverninent at all, Mr. Sladen may have retired, and Mr. llalnes himself may be again confined to his chamber from a misad venture in stopping a ball at the wicket. Captain Clarke may have taken his passage in the Euro pean to join his regiment, as. he calls the corps of Sappers and Miners, aiid Sir Ilenry Barkly, with all his modesty, maybe the .'Autocrat'of all the Australins. Well may we pocr people 011 the mines inquire. Have we a'Government? There is then a doubt whethor ornot \yc have (i Government. If we have a Government, we learn with, how little wisdom the world may be governed, and if we have not a Government, then we learn that we can govern ourselves. The science of government is not so abstruse as some people think, although ■ the Opposition have not yet learned that secret, or they would not find it such a difficult task to form a Ministry. Wo are still tied to pur mother's apron string, and unless that most respectable old lady will send us some of the juvenile members of the family from the mansion in Downing-street, we shall be ruined, for it will be a long time yet before we have cou rage to get out of leading strings. Mr. Latrobe know us a great deal better than we knew our selves, when lie stated that we were not competent to manage our own aff.iirs, Two cadets from Woolwich,—the one flippant with bounce and bunkum, the other grgve with dullness—fur nished with Dowhing-street diplomat, easily'j loT.ned two seventh parts of a Cabinet, strong enough to last for ever, and to disburse the j revenue to the greatest advantage, with the heip of bills of indemnity ; but if we believe the fogies, there are but two men in the colony competent to, supply their places, and they are, Money Mi her and Johnny Fawkner, both honourable meii cer tificated by regal diplomas. Tiiey are perfectly: tight—for if we were, to go outside tlic magic circle of old fogey principles to look for a cabinet what would be the result ?—Michie would revolu tionise the courts of justice, by making law, which is now genteelly dear, vulgarly cheap. O'-ha". nassy would set the Yarra on fire in the. mouth of November. Evans woultl stir up tlie mi^ltitinle to mutiny ; Owens and Humffray, and Grant and Syme, would reconstruct the Eureka stockade ; Aspinalt would make confusion worse confounded ; Sargood nud Langlands would destroy Chris tianity ; Moorp would distribute " no good dampers" among lus countrymen of sable com plexions. In a word, chaqs would come Again,-' even without Charles Gavan Dufty having a finger in the pie. The Opposition, with such dangers staring tbam in tlfe face, should not attempt to form a cabinet. In the learned pro fessions.—in the mercantile body,—in tlie sphere of political literature,—we have not materials for a cabinet. Before we take this for granted, we should make the experiment. We must have a Government. The La Trobe dynasty, reviled and, reprobated as it has been, possessed a wonderful vitality,— thalast two ministers of that regime pass—the one to the highest seat of judicature in tlio countrj> the other to the dignity of our ambassador, our only ambassador. The substantive forms of its constituent parts have evaporated, but its essence remains in full fragrance. It is concentr-ited in a small bottle, at present deposited in the waistcoat pocket of Mr. Haines, and in the form of aromatic vinegar imparls to the individuals of his selection all the cardinal virtues and gifts of wisdom neces sary for statesmanship, It transformed Grimes and Sladen into financiers j it would have made Adamson a great lawyer, if his nostrils had been allowed to inliale it. Its custody imparts to Mr. Haines himself all the powers and prerogatives of authority. It is he who is to nominate ministers, and form cabinets,—subject to OUO "condition, without which the charm Is broken. . The condi tion is, that all Ills colleagues do not disappear at once, but pa3s away imperceptibly in a1 dissolving view—their successors to be formed iii the inter vening haze of obscurity. . 1 The proceedings in this interregnum'were irre gular, if not unconstitutional. The Minister .is usurping the functions of Royalty, and supersed ing its deputed authority in the person of the Go vernment, The- Ministry has died out. It is politically, morally, and de facto defunct. Mr. Haines does not understand the responsibility of his position- In this case a bill of indemnity from the colonial Legislature will not answer the pur. | pose. The Governor is bound to protect the pre rogatives of the Crown fyom encfc^ohmcntg, TJiesff prerogatives, thou.h originating in the supreme power inherent iu the kingly authority, arc now interpreted to bo held and exercised for the good of the people. Wc linvo constitutional Go vernment, if we know how to use it, and to assert pin- rights. It is therefore monstrous and indecent for .Ministers of State to pass across the political stage like so many puppets at the bid ding of any Minister in the presence of the House of Commons. Sir Henry Darkly may be a Tory, but he knows too well what is due to the dignity of his illustrious Mistress, and (o the power and privileges of Parliament, to perpetuate the rule of Stawell and Chihiers, and the corrupt eainerilln, too obscure to be named, which will worship and support their shadows, clothed in official garments. It is with Mr, Haines and Sir Ilenry Barkly we have now to do.. They are loo respectable to be dragged through the dirt by the ex-Ministeifl and the junta which hangs on their skirts, still expectant of contracts and jobs. The interregnum must be brought to an end, for we must have a Government—a responsible Government—a con stitutional Government—a Liberal Government. This is the People's Programme, and it implies a change of Government, and a new Government. 