GENERAL INTELLIGENCE MEDICAL.-Mr. E. C. Whlttenburg, of' Australia, was admittod as a member of the Royal" College of Surgeons on tho 7 th November. IMPORTANT DISCOVERIES.-M. Bouts, a Fronch chemist, has-made somo important _ discoveries respecting cïstoroil, especially "when It isTound that a pioco of gi on ud in Algid s will yield threo times as much castor nil as olive oil, aud ¡ twice as much as palm oil ; mid that hil'investigations will enable castor oil to bo applied to industiial purposes, to which it was not applicable foi morly. ~ By distilling castor oil upon conctntratcd potash, the scbacio acid and caprylic alcohol are oxtraeted as separate pro- ducts, which may be tinned to good1 account. The sebactc acid, having a high melting point, may be employed iiiBtcud of steane acid m tho manufacture nfc ulules; and if it bo mixed, with steane ,acid, the bardnets and quality of the candles aro greatly impioved. and in appeal ance they tcsouible porcelain": Medical Times and Gazelle \ GOLD ON THE SOUTH ESK. —We have been requested to republish the following extract from the Rev. W. B. Clarke's report on the Tasmanian Gold- Fields, as it is probable that from recent discoveries it will be read with more interest, and be followed by more action than at the time it was penned (July, 1856):— 'with reference to alluvial diggings, I have in my former report recommended that the whole valley of the South Esk should be explored; perhaps it may be well to point out that the locality of the junction of the Ben Lomond Rivulet with the river, is one which ought to be prospected, for in that vicinity I saw considerable drift and other favourable indications. It is thereabouts that the South Esk sweeps round to the north-west in a region marked by the occasional outcrop of auriferous strata.' Examiner. FIRE.-A bain and largo quantity ,of pi odo co belonging to Cttpt. M'ïieiizie, near Cal rick, ' wue burnt last night ; the damage is ostini ited at £1100, only £3jt) of which were ¡named.-Examiner. Hock or Cashel. - Umlor this sign ttuie a corres- pondent ol tho Sydney Morning Herald calls attention to the fact that it wits intended to omit the name of His Excollet ey the Govemor-Guieial from tim lists of toasts to bo thank ata public diiinei on St. P&tiick;'s D ty got up under the uuspioes of the Austiiilian Ct-ltic Association Steai.inb Linen, &c-; A pi isoner of the Crown named Mniy-Bicnnan was chaigcd at the Police Office this day, by D. C. IJorfeett, with having stolen someshiits, a gown, and other articles, the propeity of Thomas Pioicy, Sandy IUy, on Satuiday last. The piisoner was found guilty, and was sentenced to be impiisoned with haid labour foi six months. A LARGE NUGGET. - A nugget, weighing eight hundred and one ounces, was brought into Castle- maine on Friday. It was found at Mclntyre's dig- gings, Moliagul, about twelve miles from Dunolly, in some old workings, at about two feet below the sur- face. Tho fortunate possessors intend taking it to Melbourne to-day (Monday) for sale. It is estimated to contain not more than forty ounces of quartz - Mount Alexander Mail. Fire. Mi. William Aicher's piemises had a narrow esoapo on Thursday evening. Two laigo stacks of straw «aught fire, and wet o huint to the gioutid, but happily without injurj to the sunound ing buildings. -Examinar. Anothbh Case of Utti-rinq a FonoEu Order. -Duiiitg tho sitting at the Police Office this morn- ing a man named Joseph Hannan, nliat James Brown, was charged by D. C. Doisett with having, on tho 5th instant, uttered a forged cheque on the Bank ol Australasia, Melbourne, tor £9 7s., purpos- ing to bear the signatuio of Mr. Steiglitz, M.P., Poit Phillip. The cheque was utteied to A. Nicholas, E-q., of HobaitTown, M.H.A. The piisoner was remanded to Fi iday. m U maruva a Forged Cheque.- At the Police offico to day, a man named Joseph Portcirs Boucher, remanded lunn Launceston for examination before the Police '.Mflgiati ate here, was charged by D. C. Biyan with having on the 3rd instant uttered a foi god oi dei foi tho payment of £50, purporting to bear the signature o( Mr. Genrgo Guy, Bream Geek, with intent to defiaud Saul ¡Solomon, dealer, Mut ray street. The prisoner was remanded to the 27th instant. liv-n Fines. - Extensivo bush fiies liavo boon pre- valent (luting tho last fow days. The bush on Trevallyn Estate has been on fiio in several places. In the beginning of the week the bush on the Clairville Estate was buint. and about a milo of the log fence forming the boundary between the land of Mo»sr«. Camelon and StancOmbo, was destroyed. Several fiies on the banks of the Tamar luve beun observed at night, but they are to be atti ¡bated to stubble liuiiiing, which is now common -Examiner. Tee Blind Man Stokes. - This man was again biought betöre tho mngisbates at the Police Office to day, by 1>. C. Dorsett cliaiged with hiving fraudu- lently obtained asplins vatious sums of money on the pietencc that he was about to proceed to England to receive the benefitof the oculists at li ime. Tho pii- soner, who had been oppiehctidcd by wai rant, dcclaicd that he was a fieo man, and was remanded till to-monow, Dorsett being directed by the Chief Police Magistrate to make the necessary enquiñes in the inteiini. Rewards rou Distinguished Sebvioes -Cor poial James Ciay, just discharged fiam tho Royal Einjinueis, a native of Clifton, has boen compelled to quit the Sat vice on account of a disability contiacted in the pet formalice of a gallant deed. It appears that when employed in the docks at Sebastopol, in December, 1855, ho nobly cudcavouiod to save the lile of a holdiei of the 18tli Regiment, who had fallen into one of the shafts; tho result of this net was a cold fi oin the tf&cts; of which ho never recovered, and his voice is slightly nbove a whisper. He íoccivcd a medal from the Royal Humane Society in Juno, 1849, for 'noble coût age' in rescuing from drowning a comrade who had fallen into the River Medway. Ile was tho first British soldier under Russian fire in the late war, and distinguished him sell by his intrepidity and exertion nt the gieat firo nt Varna in August, 1854, contributing largely to the safety of the Magazine, and is recorded fur dis- tinguished conduct in rebuilding No. 8 Battery, left nttick, under gi cat difficulties. Jlc is 2>laccd on a pension of sevenpence per day for a limited period for lite above.-U. £>', Gaielle. Caution to Shopkeepers -An aged man named Jamos Mowo was sentenced by the Chief Pollen Magistrate to day lo imprisonment with haid labour for two months, having hoon convicted on a charge prefci red ag tinst him by D. C. Dorsett with being an idle and disorderderly person, and with frequenting the public streets with intent to commit a felony. It beems that the apprehending officer, _ knowing the elimacter of tho prisoner, watched him for a con- siderable time on Satuiday night, and .at length pounced upon him ns the prowler was making nu attempt to steal a hain from the shop door of Mr. Holbird, Elizabeth street. Larcenv.-A ticket-of-loave prisoner named Jean Ross, was charged before the Hon. F. Burgess and J. L. Stewart, E«qs., at tho Police Offica this morning, with having stolen Ils. tho property of John Astbury, publican, Eliziboth- strcet, and being found guilty was sentenced to bo imprisoned for three months with hard labour. Shoplifting.-A woman named. Mary Currie, was convicted ou the evidence of D. C. Dorsett, at the Police-office, this day, with having on Satuiday night last, stolen a pair of stays fiom tho shop of Mr. J J. Overall, shopkeeper, Liverpool street. It was one of the usual cases of shoplifting, aud the prisoner was sentenced to bo imprisoned and kept to hard labour for tho term of nine calendar months. Bread asd Wise fkov Mangold Wubtzel.-On Wednesday last, naya the Heading Mercury, several gentlemen from Loudou and other parts visited the experimental, garden in the Cavei sham-road, to inspect the various articles of agricultural produce, as grown on the new system advocated by Mr. Wilkins. It was upon bread and wine-the former made from a mixture of mangold' wurtxel and flour, and the latter from the mangold alone-that Mr. Wilkins chiefly prided himself. The bread is certainly edible, and doubtless very nutritious, sweet to the taste, light, but possessing more moisture than that made from wheat alone. >Tho wipe was only three weeks old,-, and/could not (therefore be considered a fair specimen; It possesses abundant saccharine matter, and in all, probability, after being kept a short time, will make a very.pleasant drink. Its price, according to Mr.'Wilkins,' will^be astonishingly low (6d a quart),'and a wine manufacturer who was present expressed himself mach pleased with it It is stated that a company ii in tho course of formation for the parpóse of apply ing the ad vantages of the new system of culture to the country at large. si Thuatbe RoTAü.'-'We have to remind our readers that Hamlet will be produced this evening; the Êrincipal character to bo supported bv Mr, McKeau Buchanan ; the Ghost by Mr. Henry Niel Wainor. Who Stole tub Queen's Dinneb? Under this hoad tho Berwick Advertiser mentions that great exertions had been rando by the fishermen in Berwick to obtain a fine salmon foi Hoc Majesty's dinner on the dav she roturncd to "Holyrood -from Balmoral. One ofiiOlb. was obtained, and one of the fisheia went 'with icto the station He called at a house to invite tho owner of it to Io ik at tho ' beauty,* and remainod but an instant, but on his return to the do ir where he had left the oreel, to his sorrow the. fish had vanished, and nevor moro was heard of. , 