ENGLISH. « BIG BEN» OF WESTMINSTER. Tnis great success-for we may at once ease our readers' minds on this point-in tho art of bell making gave tongue for the first time yesterday morning at a few minutes past 11 o'clock. The monster clapper, weighing 16 cwt, arrived last week, and, having been "fitted with great expedition, notice was given-to a number of official and scientific celebrities that a strictly private trial of Big Ben's powers of utterance and modulation was to take place. So, precisely at 11, a band, hoaded by Mr. E. B. Denison, Q.C., its accomplished designer, and Mr. Taylor, assembled » ¡thin the hoarding at the foot of the Westminster Clock Tower; some With tuning keys ready to apply to their mouths, some with their ears stuffed with cotton, lest their tympanums should 'crack ; and some manfully trusting that their ears would stand the sound.' All were in anxious expecta- tion, and awaited with mixed feelings of impatience and awe the first accents of the monster. Children are said to be bom imperfect in every respect except- ing their tongues ; of this all fathers blessed with progeny have had aural demonstration; but this Frankenstein--thi8 Bell of Bells, though born, is unable to wag his tongue or to give the faintest lisp without help, and yesterday morning this help was supplied by six or eight sturdy artisans, who tugged lustily with a measured strain at ropes attached to .Big Ben's clapper. Now the bells of St. Margaret's, and of the Abbey, «truck 11, loud enough in their way, but soon to be put to silence. With the north- east breeze carno booming down, a moment after, the sound of another hell, still the greatest in Eng- land, butina few minutes to be immeasurably sur- passed in sound, and destined to take the second place. It-was the last protest of the Great Bell of St. Paul's, «i-tevanl 'Great Tom of Westminster, 'which at once proclaimed its own power and rung in the supremacy of the mighty rival, swinging over the very spot in which -it had once itself stood, to whom the sceptre of sound was now abont to depart for aver. If bells can feel, no doubt the Great Bell at St. Paul's felt sad at that moment, and ' Big Ben' .proportionally triumphant, but externally ' the latter made no sound as the voice of his antagonist came wailing up the Thames, and be looked as firm and -unmoved as the First Commissioner of Works when he is listening to the reproaches of a-deputation. Well, now the time has 'Come. As Wallenstein told his soldiers to fight or rot, so Big Ben must now speak or split. By his voioe we Shall know him. Be theio flaw or crack In bim, out U'now must cornel ?So the sturdy fellows in fustian .pull with a will, at first somewhat jerkingly and excitedly, Mr. DeuisorJ lending a willing hand as leader in that honest team! One, two, three, and then such an awful, solemn! heart-rending sound ; like a potent poison, the vibra- ' tion penetrates every vein in the body, it strike! every nerve, It attacks and tries every fibre and muscle, it makes your bones Tattle and your marrow creep. In despair of describing a sensation which. combines all sensations and invades the body by so many senses, we can only call it a liquid blow ; it strikes you all over your frame at once, and, not content with mastering your outworks, it streams into and pervades and floods your inner man In an instant of time. So much for the first stroke, the work of a moment, an electric shock intensified, which it has takeu so many words to describe, even Imperfectly The men aro not in good gear, and tug somewhat hurriedly ; the second and third strokes are faltering, and cause our Frankenstein to give an ' uncertain sound ;' the fourth and fifth and so stroke after stroke, with rare exceptions, come truly home. And now arises a wondrous confluence of vibration as the air in the confined space under the clock-tower is lashed into fury by the tempest of ?sound. Many stop their ears-and, if any of Mr Denison's detractors were presont, it most have amused him to see the attitude of these ' deaf adders, who refused to hear the voice of the charmer' scoffers, who, perhaps, came to oxult ever a defeat and remained to swell a triumph. Bat to return. Many stop their ears ; many would run away if they dared, and somo did, saying they preferred to hear it a little way off, but the true friend of science neither «topped his cars nor thought of running away. He stayed and braved out the brazen surge of sound around him, and revelled in its vibrations with the same excitement and delight as when a man stands upon a wind smitten headland on a stormy day and Íoys to feel the wind pour down on bim blast after lit«, and to see each gust as it tears its way towards the land, smoothing its path across the rolling sea. Now the men begin to feel fatigued and a signal is given to cease for a while, and here it is most curious to mark the cessation of sound and the gradual decline of vibration; for long after the meUliio ring has ceased there followed a strange mysterious after noise, a sound between the trickling of a slender rill and the dry shivering rattle of autumn leaves hustled together by a gust across «hard gravel walk. This is the titra ghost of Big Ben's full utterance. In such dry husky accents did the shade of the great Achilles address the wandering Odysseus when he told him the life, of a serf on this warm, genial, upper earth was worth a king's crown down in that gloomy nether realm ol Hades. But even the husky whisper 'has ceased, 'and -ilence is again restored. Wa look at our neigh- bours. 'Will, ne don't think any of them have bad their tympanums split, though some are cau'iously icmoving their cotton. Opinions aro compared, and we ure happy to Fay that it is universally acknow- ledged that the toll is without flaw or crack, a per- fect piece of casting. So much for Mr. Warner, the foundei. Hu may sleep ha¡ py. Well I but for the J-ound ; bow do Mr Denbon'n innovations of shape, material, and-mixtureanswer? What is the sound as expient din musical scale? Here again, opinion appears to bo unanimous. Mr. Denison bad propho «ied, for it could scai eely be anything else than pro- phecy-we mean ot that scientific kind which can boa-t of-its fulfilment before tho event-that it wa« to be E natural. And here all tho priisewoithy per- son« who bad their tuning keys in their mouths during the trial decíate Big Ben's voie j to be pure natural E. At this moment some one suggests that Mr. Tuilu and the Abbey and its magnificent organ are close at hand,-what easier than to run over to the Abbey and to check the sound of the bell by the oigin? Away goes the indefatigable Mr. Denison, and in a short time comes back with the infoimation that Mr. To ile confirms tho opinion that it is a pure natural E, the sound it was meant to be. We do not know that in those dava of universal failure wo can prffiisoïnvthing more highly than by saying, cspe ciallyil it bo matter of experimental science, that it turns out whntit wa« meant to be. Big Ben's voice has turned out what it was meant to be, and when it says-' HereÏ am, U natuial,-strike me, b ffot mo, crush me, if you can, withaclappei of l6cwt, not one syilabla of anything else shall you get out of me than that E natural I am and E natural I shall romain till Jo\o splits ina wirti his thunder.' When tbo bell says this, wo do not know that any words of ours can add one syllable more to the learned gen- tleman's justly-earned meed of praise. Mr. Donison has had, as our readers know, a hard battle about this bell. Ho ha« touted his foes, lie has carried his point, the bell lins nnswered his expectations ; - What more can wo*ay except to congratulate him on his signal triumph í It is truo that a critical friend of oura, oVorwnëlmfed ' with the first tumult of sound, tried to whisper in our ear that tho bell was a deadfailuie. He forgot, however, that a bell of this size, especially if irregu- larly struck as this was, can never be a very pleasant companion when you arc within two yards of it. A 68-pouudcr would be quite as agieeablo. A bell of these pi oporlions is intended to be hung some 200 feet above your bend. It is meant to be heaid miles in all dnections ; in fact, it is only meant to he heaid at a considerable distance. All the world aro not Quasimodos, the whole metropolis will not live up at the toprof this tower clo«o to the bell, and therefore it is to be supposed that out friend did not make suffi- cient allowance for his close pioximity when, amid the jan ing vibrations of whole strokes and half strokes, he uttered his opinion. Wa are happy to add that his doubts were removed by a shoit walk, foi, on retiring from the spot, it was found that as we receded from tho tower, the voice of Big Ben tapidly assumed, in spite of its enormous volume, a soft melodious sound, until when we reached the middle of St. Mar- garet's churchyard-no great distance after all-it was impossible to conceive a deeper or a finer tone. bo much for the sako of truth and as an instance of tho best way to remove the scruples of tboso 1 doubting Thomases ' who will not mako due allowances for time and space. If any one stands before the bell and fancies be detects a jar, let bim remember that the laws of proportion are nniveisnl, that tim frescoes of Michael Angelo and tbo mosaics of St. Peter's are meant to be seen afai off, just as Big Bjn is meant to bo heard afar off; and tint if scientific men will scramble up to the ono on laddcis, and will listen within two feet of the other, they mu-it expect to find the lineaments and limbs of thufrescoLS distorted and grotesque, mid tho sound of the bell occasionally jarring, and discordnnt. ?Roturning to the foot of tho tower, we found an adventurous band, beaded by Sir Benjamin Hall and Mr. Denison, about to scale its height, bent on seeing where the bell was finally to bo bung. To those who had mounted Antwerp Towoi or scaled the Gothic lacework of Strnsbuig, 200 feet, especially up an unworn staircase lighted with gas, "is no very aidnous undertaking; still, keeping histoire truth al wa; s in view, wo aie compelled "to say that if any of tho 'deaf adders' be toi a alluded to were of this climbing party they hi carno ' puff adders ' ere they reached tho top. Deans and liuhops and ecclesiastical dignitaries ought nevei to climb above their tin ones or prebendal stalls. Fancy a dignitary of the Church suddenly becoming broken-winded I5U feet abova the ground, in anairow staiicnse. How is he to get up? How is ho to got down ? Who is to pass bim ? There he stands, a bulwark of Church and State, in his proper place, no doubt, but n great obstacle heiu, puffing and panting 4ike a Christmas bullock halfwoy up a hign tower. Now we are two-thirds up the tower, above tho clock-dial, moro than 2i 0 feet above tho pavement, and just where the stonewmk ends and iron befriiis. Here, on a fiamu of wood not yet erected, ' Big Ben' is to be hung. Mr. Denison confesses a desire that his bell should be bung still higher up, in the opi-n gallery of iron-work above the stone. The feasibility of this was discussed, and, after an extempore debate, which, at any late, was not wearying from its length, it seemed to be the general opinion that tim lower site is best, duo regard being bad to its mora extensivo area, whilo the higher position would tend to check and confuse the vibration, on ing to the toe great pioximity of the bell to tho iron of which the top of the tower is composed. So for the present wa are advised to prefer the lower site, and we descend to tho ground, highly delighted with our morning's work. But before we leave this subject we must mako snmeiemaikson tbo narnu now commonly given to tho bell; and certainly, as we first christened it, no one can bava a better right to stand up for our god- child... Some delightfully courtly persons on the top of tho tower were deploring tho vulgarity of the term . Big Ben.' > Ina spirit of flattery-from which we ara entirely fire«, M we do not expect to become great Government-contractors, to farm the sawers, to be raised to the «Vacant bishopric which that Pope, Lord Palmeiston, obstinately keeps in petto, or even to become,a simrde, dean-in a spirit of flattery we say, some of these worthy people, ef whose profession and position wo arq.entircly ignorant, and none of whom it is theroforerequested will suppose that they are meant, arere deploring that it was a pity the bell was not called ' tho Royal Albert,' or ' the Lady Victoria,'or'thePrincess Royal,* or 'tbo Crown, Princess of Prussia,' or anything courtly, or, as the Germans would express it, vornehm, instead of this odious ' Big Ben,' só willingly adopted by that stupid public. We are ready at once to admit that these Sampsons of flattery havo a happy talent for di eg- ging in the Royal family on all occasions, but we cannot congi alulate them on their ears. The name of a bell must be short and glib; it must run trip- pingly; it must represent a sound ; it must be Eng- lish. Now 'Victoria' and Albeit' Ure honoured names, but they are not short or glib. They are neither of them particularly English in sound. In a word, they may bo fit for anything else, but they aro not fit for a boll, and if given the public will not accept them. We are glad to say that Sir Benjamin Hall, when appealed toon tbo subject, replied in a manner not voiy encouraging to the objetctors j while Mr. Denison observed that he was afraid tho bell was aheady christened, and that it was too late to chinga the name. We wonder what the courtly flatteieis of the age of the Plantagenet thought of all the ' Great Toms' which sprung up out of tho blood of a certain low-born Thomas, sometimo Archbishop of Canterbury. We daresay they thought them hor- ridly vulgar, but, though Becket's bones were scat- tered to the winds after an idolatry of more than three centuries, vet ills name still survives in our English ' Great Toms.' We do not know that ' Ben' » worse in this respect than ' Tom ;' both are awfully vulgar, no doubt, though we know some good men and truo called ' Tom,' but both are decent English, and they certainly agree in this, that no English King has ever sat on the Throne either as Thomas or Benjamin. ' In Thomas lande resono bim bom slue fraude,' ran the old monkish Leonine on Becket's bells' Would not ' ' Victoria bude resonó Big Ben sine fraude'- - wberf we beg ; all good Englishmen to excusa the false quantity for the sake of the loyalty of the senti mont,-be as good for our .Groat Westminster Bell? or would our courtly flatteret s prerer a legend which wo remember to have seen on some thoroughly foreign un-English hell, hanging over a Palace gate, and containing much moro brass in its composition than this Mr. Donison?- ' ' MENTIOK ET ASSENTIOR.' -Trmu. 