LOCAL NEWS. FEI.-O-DE-SEA. - An extraordinary case of attempted suicido took place on Monday, at Woolloo- mooloo Hay, by a man named Murrey, who having sud- denly imbibed a distaste for this sublunary sphere, re- solved upon quitting it "by wntui-''. Accordingly at tho romantic hour of 3 o'clock on tho morning he repaired to the wharf " on murderous thoughts intent", and ex- claiming, Oh. Jemima! plunged into the bay Fortunately, or unfortunately as it may bc, tho waler, nt tho precise spot where this victim of morbid melancholy had resolved upon ending his days, was only feet deop.and ho was obliged to place himself, in a horizontal position in order to iminurso his whole body at once. Tho hath not proving quite so agreeable ns lind been anticipated, bc was seen to raiso his hoad nbovo wator onco or twice, and to cast one long lingering look behind. At this critical juncture, a little b .y who happened to bo near, observed his dripping cobra, and struck with the ex- pression of ghastly despair which it exhibited, with that heroic recklessness of danger which is sueli a distin- guishing trait in tho youth of our - metropolis, plunged in, and seizing tho unhappy Murncy by the waistband of his continuations, dragged him to tho shore, and after a breathless struggle landed him on terrafirma. Wo regret that the name of thia gallant youth has not been handed to us, that wu might render it illustrious by con- necting it with so praiseworthy an achievement. Wc mu6t not liuwover omit to notico, as a proof of thai cool- ness which invariably accompanies true courage, that tho gallant young Cornstalk, nt this moment of imminent peril, calmly ndjustod his own pantaloons securely above tho knee before tiusting to tho chances of tho dangerous element, resolving in tho causo_ of humanity to venture nc jilas ultra. The cause of this fatal determination on tho part of tho rescued man has not yet como to light, whether mistaken ideas of nun or religion, or both com- bined, impelled him to tho fatal act. it is thought that a disappointment in tho tonder passion had something to do I with it, and that '. Partly ho was by love o'orcorae, And pnrtly ho was drunk'' Tho waining wi» not, however, it is to bo hoped be lost; and wo trust that others who may bo laboring undor similar misfortunes will profit by this recital of a narrow oscape hy drowning, and never bo ilutllow enough to throw themselves headlong into tho hay, especially where tho water may happen to bo only two feet in depth. ELECTORAL REFORM.-Wc are indebted to our contemporary, tho Herald for tho accompanying notice of tho meeting iu Bydo Park-" On Monday, three frozen-out Ministers of State stood in Hyde l'ark, addressing a smnll company of ISO pcoplo. By des- patching a hand round tho town, and other demon- strations of importance they succcoded in collecting a number, which our liberal reporters have supposed to reich a thousand,-on a fine day, a leisure day, and in one of our principal thoroughfares. Thoy wuro unat- tended hy tho accustomed body guard, bavo ona gi cat ex ception, Mr Benbow. This venerable patriot, after being decoivedby tho charms of tho Colonial Princo Albert, hus found nn nppropi into vocation as tho Secretary to his , rival. Compared with some who had lcd tho public in former times, Mr Benbow's own appearance is pro possessing. His years aro remarkable for their green- ness. The swing of his arms and the tonos of hin voice powerfully remind us of Brother Pidgeon, when undor " the uliouting Influence" Several other spankers ad- dressed tho meeting, with more or less applause. Thc elocutionary efforts of Mr Kdward M'läticruo met with vory indifferent success, his volco being drowned by Um hisses and groans of his audience, ono of whom at tho close of his speech addressed him with nu inotrrogatory as to thc price of snulf. Tho comnicncomont of Mr William Cover's address, as to his being unaccustomed to public speaking was fully borne out try tho tenor of his speech. At tho close of the proceedings tho band struck up tho " Knguc's March", mid the meeting adjourned lo tba r noms of the Committee. TOWN HAU. IMPROVEMENTS.-.(From tin Herald, with slight alterations), " Tho largo room'in which tho distinguished Council assemble weekly far tho despatch of their Corporation duties, presented yesterday a greatly improved appearance to that which it could previously boast of. The change was seen in tho new seats" (query, to their oh-no-wc-nercr-mcntion-'cms?) provided for the Mayor and his worthy civic associates, and tho nltcred arrangements (query, by Marks?) conse- quent thereon. Formerly the Mayor ocenpied a seat behind n high desk, where tho little of him that was to be seen by tho mnst observant, left it sometimes a matter of doubt to tho committee who, or where, was tho presiding genius of tho August (query, July?) body then and thoro assembled, though Uko Ranquo's ghost he was over present on tho " place reserved" to tho optics of Alder- man Hil!, who sometimes looked round upon his col- leagues as if he would ask .* who placed him thoro?" His Worship now looks high and dry, seated in a splendid carved cedar chair plucod on o dais; while tho assembled municipal solons, ali of one degree, recline cosily on two long sofas - each 18 feet - whose ends (query, the ends of tho Bofns or the latter ends of tho solons?) nra rounded, (it must be tho solons), and so form a sort of magic circle quito imposing looking (there can he no doubt of it.) To Mr Artlett's, upholsterer, Woolloomooloo, handiwork belongs a great de«! of tho impressment of the scene (query, or of tho sofaB?) and"-but tho rest of the para- graph is too libellous ,'br publication in our columns, ac- cusing the worthy Aldcrmen'of being regular Russians, and murdering thc Queen's English. Wo have heard that it is tho intention of Alderman Northwood to move shortly that tho motto of the Now Corporation Seal be " Mangling dono herc", omitting on principio tho two words generally prefixed to such public intimation " Washing and" A HINT IN SEASON.-Considerable annoy once nppcars to have been occasioned nt tho "Vict'irin, Theatre lately by a system some parties have adopted of running up stairs to tho boxes, and stamping with their feet in doing so, after their " refresher" at Solomon's bar. We presume in tho absenco of any trumpets, ns on tho occasion when Majesty approaches, these "gents" wish to let the company in tho boxes know that "somebody" is coming. At times, after Madame Bishop's delightful singing hns commenced, tho box-door loading into tho theatre is suddenly opened witli a terrific burst by some frantic individual who may that moment have discovered that he perhaps lind lingered too long below stairs. Nor is this all tho annoyance thc habitues of tho opera are subjected V> by these great "would bo's" (if they could). Souio of these " gents" como to tho theotro spurred and accoutred as if they had only tb.'tt very moment left tho hunt; thc noise of their feet as they paco round tho boxes becoming a porfect nuisance, Now and then aa attempt is made tu suppress the intrusiveness on the car, by cries of "Order!"' and "silence!" which emanate from visitants seated in the bi>x£S, who go to tho theatre to 1 hoar tho opera, and not tho privato swaggering jingle of mctal-hcclcd swells. Wo once heard of a gentleman, who, when scated in his box with his family, was intruded upon by ono of the species we complain of, who came suddenly stamping in; his heavily spurred feet i inering again, and having a raasslvo riding whip in his hand, upon which tho father of thc family turned round and remarked, " I assure you, sir, I, and the members of my family are indebted- much indebted to you"! "For what may I ask you", said tho Consequential. " Why" responded thc gentleman, " because you did not bring your horse »villi you." THE LICENSED VICTUALIEHS' MOVEMENT. A numerous and influential meeting of tho Licensed Vic- tuallers of tho city wis hold at Mr Cole's. Freemasons' Hall, Yurk-strect, on Wednesday, for consideration of the propriety, policy,nnd necessity of augmenting the present retail prices of liquors; Mr Kearney presiding. The unanimous opinion was expressed that the numerous re- cent insolvencies in the trade was attributable to tho present high rates in the wholesale markot, which ren- dered it impossible for the publican of limited means to moot his cngigcmcnts. In illustration of this it wns slated that Mr Tooth had been compelled, to save himself fi om serious losses, to ad van co the license feo forno fewer than forty houses. A scale of charges as follows, was suggested far submission to a general meeting, to bc held next week, and at which it was intimated Mr Tooth had expressed his willingness to preside:-Ham, English ale, porter, and ginger beer, 4d per glass; wino, brandy, and cordials, -ld per n .bblcr; lemonade and soda water, tho same BB at present, namely Od each; and colonial nie, 4d per pint, or 8d per quart. We entertain every hope, from tho unanimity of this preliminary meeting, that anylde tor m i na- tion which may hereafter bo arrived at will bo faithfully carried out. lt is to be regretted that from individual jealousies, and want of confidence in and amongst them- selves, the oft-times attempted organisation of "aLi- censed Victuallers' Society" has successively proved a failure. Perhaps, as matters have approached a climax, tho subject may once again bo broached ; and if so, wo shall bo happy to render our humble assistance in tho advocacy nnd promotion of 30 desirable an institution. THE BLACKS AND THEIR. BLANKETS.-A letter bearing tho sigiioturo of " North," in tho Empire of tho 22nd, gives a very desolate and dreary description of tho destitution . of tho dorkiog Out of between TOO and 400 blacks in soarch of blankets, ISO only woco sup- plied, and these wcro served with comfortless colton rngn, about tho size of ordinary towels. This distribuí ion would give a " moan" estimate of about half a tablo napkin all round, includiiigthe 250 who had to "whlstlo". Why those aboriginal snow-bnll«, in addition to their dis- appointment, should hnvo been compelled to "whistle" is indeed a mystery, and thc spectacle of several tribes of natives, in full dross (consisting of tho napkin allowed by Government, and the customary waddy) replying to thoir rejoctod overture by a full chorus, must have boon very imposing. As to the breeches tho writer is in error these wore worn by tho women; and as tho men did not blush or feel ashamed of living under such government, wo cannot seo why Mr North should feel su .indignant. Wo would suggest that during tho duy, thc towel might be"worn as a eott of wrap rascal. FAIU RIXKÜNIKO-lt is not just to cstimiuo nny man's doings without toking iota account his opportu- nities also. With what appiiunccs did life furnish him for tho work? What were tho helps ho had? Allthute mutt bo considered before ono cun rightly estímalo either thu cost or tho merit of his nchlovemeut. Tho young gentleman who had a nursery governess at three, and a tutor nt seven-who went from Jiton, to Cambridge, mid carno homo to bo counted a prodigy because ho was not plucked-who from infancy upward had all the assistance that wealth, leisure and good society could give-where is thc wonder if ho havo a decent stock of knowledge, and cnn ih> tho respectable in life and on paper? Hut John Jenkins) who novcr wentlo school afior it was discovered that ho could carn ono-and-sixpence a week; whoso college was the street; whoso lcisuro was part of Sunday ; whoso society lilied hour-shops and attended executions! If he find out that there exists a world of thought mid letters above thu atmosphero of his dally wants and toils; if ho learn to love truth nnd justice moro than praise or profit, or better still, if ho gain moral strength to lead an honest, upright life-friend, thoro isjwonder indeed ! DUCK AND GUBEN PEAS.-On a recent trip to the Hunter of tho steamer " Paterson", sovcral gen- tlemen whoso names graced Ibo new commission honored Captain 1'attisou with their company. At thc usual din- ner hour, tho Captain intimated the snmo to his pas- sengers, when ono of them twisting bis moustache asked "Ah! what havo you got for dinner Captain?" " lfish, flesh, and fowl, sir," roplied tho Captain. "Duck and green peas, ob?" enquired tho Epicurean. " Duck, slr, but I regret to say no green peas" was the roply. " Ah. then, if there aro no green peas I shan't dino to day" ob- served the gentleman with a shrug and au air of resig- nation. " I beg your pardon, Glr", remarked tho cour- teous skipper, " but although we have no green peas on board, wo havo a few J. P.'s. and some of them green enough in all conscience". The gentleman looked as though ho was about to pitch Pattison over-board, mid -didn't. FAREWELL TO AN OJ,D FRIEND.-Mr Henry Perrier, a gentleman of nearly thirty years residence in tho colony, and whoso name has flourished in the Bathurst district, for unbounded hospitality, during the greater portion of that long period, is about to leave this city and "try back" to his former position of farmer and grozior. Mr 1'orrier with his brother, it will he re membered recently made an unsuccessful venturo in tho establishment of a olub houso in Sydney; and wo Aro not fur wrong in attributing the failure to a liberality, rather befitting their original position of independence, than thu ono in which they sought to retrieve fortune Tho return of Mr I'orrior amongst his Bathurst friends will be hailed with satisfaction equal to the regret which his numerous acquaintances in .Sydney will fool on his departure THE NEW COMMISSION.-From a return of tbc Old Commission, handed in to us by our statistical reporter, wc lind that out of ono hundred gentlemen who . have hoon neting as J. IVs throughout tho country, 35 have appeared on thc bonah at different times In a stato of Intoxication; 14 havo had tho " delirium tremens"; 21 arc in tho habit of going to bod drunk ovary night; 20 aro noted for tho unsteadiness of their gilli; and tho remaining score, although nut absolutely overcome, are generally observed to have a "slight Impediment in their speech." It is to he hoped that Justice will not fur tho futuro exhibit her proverbial blindness to tho failings of (liesa modern Dogberries, and that tho new appointments havo been made with some regard to cfllcloucy mid mo lullty. PREVENTION BETTER THAN CUIVE,-Tlie arrival of iho'sliip Alfiodbn Wedriosdny afiurnoon fmm record. In tho carly phrt bf tho voyage, . ano of thj pingle men was attacked hy small-pox, hut such immo. (1 ¡atc and admirable precautions were taken that tho patient not only lecovercd, but contagion was cllcctually prc. vented. Wo think thia circumstance warrants us In again urging upon' parents tho duty of having their children vaccinated, lite tntrodiiciluii of tho small pox Into this crowded city would hu attended with rosulu wo shudder to contomplatei and really when this duty is so easy of performance, its neglect becomes absolutely criminal. We may remind our readers that Dr Kutter ii in attendance for tho purpose of vaccination every after- noon, (Tuesday excepted) in Hyde Park, next to the Emigrant Depot, and every Tuesday. Afternoon at ibo Benevolent Asylum. MUNICIPAL MBBTINOS.-It is pleasant to ob« 6ervo by the stale of tho roods in und ntiout Sydney, md other improvements, that tho deliberate wisdom which emanates from ibo bi-wcckly meeting at tho Town Hall, has taken tho form of. praclicnl utility. Tho old fabio 0f thc strength of a bundle bf slicks ¡3 being illustrated. ! Among other motions which occupied tho attention of tko aldermen on Monday, wo were glad to observe tho fol. lowing:-" That the Health Ofllcor, tho Inspector of Li censed "Vehicles, and tho Inspector and Sub- Inspector of Nuisances, bo instructed to kcop books, in which tho» shall enter daily all roports connected with their duties;' lt appears that thoso worthies have hitherto voted tilt books themselves tho principal nuisance in their de- partment. SLASHER AND CnASHEn.-A terrific encounter took place on tho Canterbury rond on tho evening of tho 14 th instant, between a cab nad a wood dray, resulting in serious damage to tho former, tho driver of whom in. vaia »lashed his horscsjto avoid tho crash. The splinter bar and splashboard were shivered to atoms, and thc un- fortunate cabman thrown with such force as to necessi- tate his immediate removal to tho infhmory. The in- mate of tho cab had tba presenco af mind to cry out be foro ho was out of tho wood, and providentially escaped unhurt. Thc horses took fright and started off at full speed, but were fortunately arrested, while the perpetra- tors of tho wanton outrago contrived to escapo willi Im- punity. _ _ SANITARY REFORM.-From the vast quantity of rain that has fallen tliia season, tho wcathorwise pto diet an unusually dry summer, and diarrhea and other picvaillng epidemics may naturally bo looked for. A chango in the political weather may also be expected if ono may judge by tho l ite additions to the House of assembly in Macquuric-strect; although speculation, as yet, is at fault, as to tho tites for which the five nov horse boxes attached to the face of tho building can possibly be put, unless they aro intended for honorable Nnemhers to retiro into, to roliovo themselves of thchorso laughs which the proceedings of tho legislators give risc to. The past session has not given the public any vory high opinion of tho Houso of Assembly, but now it bat absurdity on the very face of it. A BARROW-KNIGHT'S COMPLAINT.-Wanted to know whether it bo tho intention of tho Municipal Council to levy a tax upon vehicles which aro neither propelled by steam, hy water, by horses. or bullocks, which have but ono wheel, and which arc managed easily by ono man? Wo observe that a motion for taxing wheeled vehicles, hos lately emanated from the Town Hall, and we therefore recommend tbo querist to apply to some of tho Aldermanic fillóes in King-street. As their own notions are thoso of very slow coaches, they will probably sympathize with tho distress of tho poor porter, and allow him to go on with his barrow." AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL TRIIUJTE TO DR, BLAND.-lt will bo seen in another column that a public meeting of the friends and admirers of Dr. Bland, trill bo held on Wednesday next, at 3 p.m., at thc IJoyal Victoria Theatre; the Lessee, Mr James' Simmonds, having placed thc house at thc disposal of thc Committee. Wo havo already invited public attention to this movemcat, nnd, now, need only express our confident hope of its entire success; and that thc result will be, in every senso of tho word, an AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL Tai BOT«. FIRE AND Loss Of LIFE.-On Monday evening between 7 and 8 o'clock flames were observed issuing from a but at Holdsworthy, near Liverpool, in the occupation of a man named Robert Gray, who with his wife and infant were absent at the time. Sad to relate a fine girl, four years of age, left at home by her parents, perished in tho flames, tho hut and its entire contents being also destroyed to the utter ruin of the unfortunate family. So terrible a bereavement will we hope enlist the sympathy and assistance of the benevo- lent; Gray being a hard-working man, of excellent character, and much respected by his neighbors. ELECTORAL RF.ÏOKM.-In a letter wlu'cli ap- pears in tho columns nf yesterday's Herald, Mr K. JUvIin croe likens the audience nt tho JCloutoral Ilcfutm Meet- ing on Mi n rt ny lane, to tho inmotos of a bear garden, not a particularly Haltering simile lu justice to that gen* tleman, wo must, however, obsorve that they were únanla to "bear'' him, although they considered him a decided bore. The politeness which ho received from his hearers, and tho principles he avowed, should have, we think, dic- tated a reform in his stylo of address. Kvcn at the con- clusion of tho taree, ono of tho independent electors, perceiving that Mr M'Kncroo's pipe was -put out, very courteously odored him another. KIOIIT TO A T. -The " Northern Times," correspondent of ibo 15th instant, in speaking of tim Electoral Iteform Leogue, comments upon " the officious rummer in which certain members, whoso deficiency both in position and education should cause thc leaders to keep ' them in tho back ground, aro allowed tn intrude them- selves as public teachers". We can ftfHy testify to tl» justice of our contemporary's remark, for wo have liCvoral times been bored by tho horrible manner in «hieb tho Queen's Kngllsh has boon. murdered at tho Ward meeting.", and on ono occasion, a would bu great rani connected with tho Electoral Reform League in tendering right Royally his cheque on the E. S . ¡md A. Bunk, spelt thc word Scottish willi hut one ' t". ' CAMELLIA SHOW.-Sonic magnificent specimens of this elegant flower were exhibited at tho School of Arts. Pitt-strcot. A vcr/ largo mic of tho variegated kind particularly attracted our attention. This flower waä desigualad, ns per ticket attached, by tho word '. donkcluarii," and several varieties of tho same tribe wero scattered al out In different parts of thc room. Many other floral gems of thc East wero also on vlewi. and thc company, who nt ono timo must have numbered, nearly thirty, wandered round tho table in speechless ad- miration, tho gigantic organ all thc time playing the overturn to tho Caliph of Hngdad", FICTION FOUNDUD ON RKALITY.-Among tito gratuitous exhibition» in Sydney is a novel spectacle in- tended to combine utility mid fashion with n grand moral lesson. We allude tn tho skeletons displayed in the win- dow of Messrs Mooro .md Cn., in l'itt-strcot, and which aro doubfluss intended hy tho benovolent proprietor of that dopot for dress and ornament, to convoy to the lady purchasers tho reflection that " wlulo wo are in lifo wo aro in death." These extraordinary articles of female cl rota are of black matcriul, and formed very much Uko a cast net, and no doubt ninny an unwary fish has becn'en snared by them. I WOULD I WERK A HOY AGAIN.-Thc Sydney correspondent of tho ¡More lon Hay Free l'raioi tho 15th instant, in giving the details of the Commercial Bank robbery, passe, some very high eulogluras on the legal talent displayed by Mr Roberts, concluding lils lau- datory strain by observing that ho appears a were fay, Wo uro happy to bo able to certify to tho fact, that chis ornament to hts profession hus long since arrived at mon's estate, and that though young ia nppcnrmico ho is oM in iniquity. HOROLOGICAL REFORM_It is a'fnct worth knowing that when tho 12 o'clock gun fires nt Tort Macquarie, it is one o'clock nt the post i.ffico, anil a quarter to three in Woolloomooloo. Tho public ¡J anxiously walting for Bransgrovo to throw a light, upon thesa mysterious meanderings of old Father Time. Tho illuminated clock' ougbt roally to givo tho public some account of its werke,'and if it is determined not to nark tho hour, tho public should no longer givo lt any quarter. _ TUB DEAD SEASON.-It is observed that it is in " thc dead season" tho vices of journalism come out. " If ever editors grow savogo, or go mad, it ls sura to bo then. The mind is driven in to prey upon itself. Do you want specimens of extravagant indignation, aboso moro virulent than common, molehills magnified into mountnrVis, prophecies, portents, and mysteries, secrets, "looming in the distance?" you must look for them in " tho dead season!" â , APPOINTMENTS GAZETTED.-His Excellency tho Governor-General has,' with thu advice of tho_ Execu- tive Council^ been pleased to make tho following op poititmonls: - Kobui t Francis lockley, Ksq., to bo Suporiotondont of flights. Pilots, and Navigation, with- in tho colony of Now South Wales, and to perform the duties of Port and Harbourmaster for Port Jackson. Mr .lohn Crook, to bo Deputy Harbour Master for tho said Vort.- Yestcrilay'i Gazelle. FIRST AND LAST " EPI3TLE TO TIMOTHY . -Mr Timothy tyynan, of Launceston, writes us "I don't want your paper any lpngor". Wo can nssuro Ti mothy ho would not huve it any longer if ho did} its present length suits us rory well. \Wtrust «lil» notifica- tion will end tho matter by cuttivg it eliurt. LIGHT, PJLOT, ANTI NAVIGATION BOAR» op Nuw SODTII"WALKS,- Ills Excellency tho Govcrnor (ionor.il has, with tho ndvico of the Executive Council, (icon ploascd to consiituto n Board Umlor tho designa- tion ol'the Light, Pilot, mid Navigation Board of Now South Wales, ai,il to nominate anil appoint thc unrtcr nientioncd gentlemen to bo wardens of tho (aid Hoard, namely :-Tho Honorable John Lamb, M.I'.,Commander R.N.i Hutchinson" llothcrsall Brown, Rsq.; Benjamin BarlcyVKsq.: Ifobort Franois rockley, Ksq.j with power tn olect tho Master or Senior Warden of such Board. nut. ? OUR GRANDMOTHER, &C.-At; o lecture de- livered at ibo School of Arts on Tuesday, hy Mr lines, on Photography, thc visitors had tho plcnsnro of in- specting, through a microscope, tho " Lords Prayer" written with capital letters completa, in a space no larger than a pin's head-a-singlo huir being sufficient to cover three lines of tho writing. So saya tho Herald's reporter, adding, that though true, it is hard to bc believed. Wo 'disagree with him, for surely an articlo that " bea" in n pb's hoad w.ill not bo found such n dlfllcult pill to swal- low. BURTV'WBLSII It ADBITS.-Monday's "Herald" notified the above on sola'nt luncheon time at Bart's Re- pository., and having provided ourselves with a ponriy twist, wo proceeded thithor. willi a koch nppotitc to con- trast their quality with tho delicious ones wo have so fre- quently enjoyed at / Osmond's. Judge of our con titcmation, when on mooting our friend George Smith rushing frantically from the yard, ho informed us that tho rabbits wero "olivo and kicking", and not at all ''tho cheese". . GAS CONSUMERS' COMPANY.-As shareholders in this Haming speculation will shortly bu called upon to post tho "coal", it behoves them to koop a sharp look- out upon thuir main pipe, (Raphael) who ia {luring about at n most cntravagant rate, throwing a light upon the subject wherever ha goes, ijctermincd if he cannot bo distinguished, at all events not to bo cosily cxtingnished. MISTAKEN CHARITY.-The proffered donation of clothing, consisting of complete suits of colonial tweed, with cabbage trees to match, by an old lady, for lifo benefit of thc group of nudo figures at tho entrance ti tho'Museum, has been declined, it not being tho in- tention of tho Committee to breech them at present. A LiaiiT PORTER.-The following nppcared in Tuesday's Jim/are:-" Wanted, a good Celestial Atlas. 1.,I. Josephson, f>2, ({lizabeth street North." Wc know a Chinaman with a hump on his back who in the absence of a better Atlas might answer tho purgóse of tho ad- vertiser. C UM n ERL AN ii AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.-We trust that this Society will receive tho support it deserves, and attain tho success it anticipates, in making tho rows and sheep so fat that they will ho unable to seo.out of their eyes or stand upon their legs. As tho names of se- veral Irishmen aro on tho list, them can bo no doubt that they will bo able to produco como prodigious " bulla." TERRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT.-A young lady, residing in Woolloomooloo, who had paid a visit by ap- pointment to Hydo Park, to listen to tho tender speeches of lior young fa.'««' Ben, was greatly mortified at hoing obliged instead to listen to tho tiresome declarations of an utter stranger-old Ben Bow. EXTRAORDINARY FREAK OF -NATURE.-Wc notice in Monday's issuo of our facetious contemporary tjte Empire, the following singular announcement, which we* give to the public that It may he recorded among thc medical archives of Nuw South Wales- " At Surry Hills, on Saturday tho 18th instant, Mr Charles Stafford, of a son". Wc trust the father and child are doing Well, as tho mother seems to have been left completely out of tho question. A CONTRAST. -Considerable newspaper dis- cussions appear to bc provalent nt this time respecting thc affairs of tho Church in this Colony; Doctor Barker, the Illshop of the Diocese, being termed a Low Churchman. Now any one to look nt his lordship ns he walks along full six feet four in bis stocking feet, cannot but acknowledge tho fact that ho is a High Churchman, and a very "high one" indeed. IMPORTANT TO MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT. Having lately paid a visit to Dean's extensivo sale rooms O'Coiinell-strect, we observed a considerable number of casks ranged along tho floor, containing an immense as- sortment of " rat- traps'',' a recent importation of tho abovo very usoful articlo which had just bcon received from ship-board. THE CAB ACT.-Tlie driver*of the cab winch was shivered to atoms by a wood dray on tho Canterbury road tho other day, applied to tho facetious Moffatt, who decided that damages were recoverable, tho Act being unquestionably an "illegal settlement of a coovoyanco". BARKER'S SCOTS Cituitcir.-A Mr John ftlcGibbon has taken oiTonco at this designation having been given to 41 Tho Woolloomooloo Presbyterian Church", but from enquiries, wo have ntccrtaincd that the former is its correct designation, originating in tho fact of Barker having come off scot free in tho erection ol tho build in;.'. No " RETURNS."-A friend of ours lias left ol)' smoking, which bc says is a bad as woll as an expen- sive habit. Ho commenced with honeydew, and ended with " money duo." Thia reflection has quito put his pipb out. , TIFFIN TIME.-Pendiug the completion ot the proposed Time Ball, a 2.|r-poundor from Fovt Macquarie will, at noon daily, report tho correct timo for luncheon. SYDNEY COINS AT MELBOURNE.-The sove- reign from tho Sydney Mint is now a legal tender in Melbourne-provided it bo a good ono. BLASPHEMY.-The " Era" in its issue of Sa- turday, bade Veno " God speed at tho out-set of his ex- pedition". * Had our respectable contemporary bade him " Good .speed'' on its termination, wo think it would have been nearer tho mark. GENUINE FROM OUR COINAGE.-When is Mr Smith not Mr Smith? When hu hus lost a halfpenny, for then IIO'K missed a brown. How will the firing of the 12 o'clock gun nt Fort Macquarie cause a revolution in tho Houses of Parliament? By making overy flt. P., p. m. MINISTERIAL.-The first step towards unlock- ing tho Public Lands, will, or ought tu, bo the locking up ol'the Public Parkes. TUE MORAL CONDITION OF "TUE BATHURST Funs Puiiss - Very Dry. 