A SKETCH OF BROlfGHAM. I -?'. Broughiim,fwho;^a8 & . prodigy in his '{-aby* iiootf. fa Jplicnomeii6n' his yoptli, '~andv a miracle ' * iri ' : ' Tiii'ddio v grows' inoro- ami- more wonderful tlie Gldsr'he^goW. r . Hitherto lib has been unlike. everything else in the world, and now he is unlike himself, that is, the self of this. time last year.' .These .last few months in France havo effected such a' muta- tion that his own Grafton street locking-glass must have been electrified with the refleotion of the change. In what doe3 the change con sist 1 In everything ; from head to foot, from boots to beard, from skin to olothos1;— the voice alone being immutable, the old multi potent-piped organ, the amazing voice of Vaux, ![n the first plaoe, he la as brown as Mr Barrow's hero of Romaney Rey, the gipsy geutlemau ; and he cultivates that color, in , his general attire, which is altogether finished with an plegaucp of Parisian art that must fill tho soul of that senatorial snip, Donald' Nicholl, M. P., with despairing envy. Rather let us say, in speaking of a person of measures^ [ tho . ninth part of a soul j for if it take the bodies of nine tailors to make a man, the same ratio should hold good in a spiritual sense ; consequently tho ghost of a tailor ought to find no great difficulty in performing the feat said to be so incouvenient to a camel in reference to a promeuade through the eyo of a needle. A chocolate velvet waistcoat, traversed by a gold fillagree, chain, at once massive and fautastical, covers the Lord Ilarry's chest. Hia trowsors — they are trowsers now , and not like the sleeves of a night shirt with legs .in them— are braided down the sides with. the same material not gold fillagree, but velvet stripes; while the front i3 also slashed, in the neighborhood of the pocket holer, with similar stripes, iu a de mi-military and very striking fashion frogged, as one may say, but not in a sense to gall tho semi-Gaul. Patent polished boots and a wax-fitting frock complete the ensemble of Beau Brougham, for Beau he . is, and would make Moses and Son's fortune if ho stood for an hour or two of a Sunday in the Minori6s, when and where Caucasians most do congregate. Moreover, he has grown po sitively handsome. The mobile nose is at rest, and no longer pugnacious. He seems to have got hold' of the secret of Baron Dupuytren's hirsute pomade for his hair has taken, a fresh start in great luxuriance, all round tho head, leaving the crown bald, like that of. a' Capuchin friar; in fact he would do' for a new copy of Pius YII., in Wilkie's picture of the Pope and Napoleon at Fon tainebleau, only he isn't fat ; and the idea of a lean pontiff, one whose poll should be worthy of throe hats, is intolerable. Altogether Brougham is an altered man, and infinitely for the bettor. If he goes on at the same rate for a few score years longer, as he teems to have mado up his mind to do, wings will sprout out of him, and he will bo the fac-simile of a seraph— a Scotch soraph, of course — much before the time he has reached the ago .of Mcthusileh. Next rose St. Leonard's— ex- chancellor also, — aud said, that of all the nonsense ho had evor heard, read, or dreamt of,- such nonsense as Brougham's beat it to fiddlesticks ; aud for an hour he blazed away in that strain, encouraged by sundry approv ing grunts and ventriloquial ejaculations from Cranworth. Then up got Lord Lyndhurst — - likewise ox-chancellor — and said that he had had considerable experience in human ninny hammerisin certainly ; but until he had heard j St. Leonard's he didn't kuow the lengths a 1 tomnoddy .could .go to. Having said this, aud proved it to his own satisfaction, out of a- whole bundle of books, which Grey, Albemarle, and others brought him at his bidding, and having taken a draught from a mysterious whito fluid in a pocket bottle, down sat the antediluvian Copley, setat 86, after an impromptu speech as vigorous, resonant, and pointed as any lie ever delivered in his life. Plain Jock, Lord Chief- Jistice, then got up, and said that really a joke was a joke, ho didn't deny that ; but such ridiculous rubbish as his . learned, veuerable, and highly-esteemod friend had been talking was beyond a joke ; for it was quite clear that the law as laid down by the Lord. Chancellor and Lord St; Leonard's was the law, but tho law as laid down by Lord Broughman and Lord Lyndhurst was no law. Thereupon Cranworth made all sorts of festi vous rumblings in liis stomich ; and. when Albemarle got up to dispute what Campbell had said, the keeper of Her Majesty's con science flew at him in a Billiugsgate style, from which even Derby hastened to be freo by getting the business into division, there being a majority of nine in support of tho con soling doctrine to this lawyer-ridden country that Lyndhurst and Brougham didn't know what the law is : — a pleasing item to figure iu a note to future editions of Campbell's ' Lives of the Chancellors,' tho present new editions of which is selling like mad : — a proof perhaps of the national lunacy. Pro bably other purchases, of which we shall now speak, corroborate the latter hypothesis. — Liverpool Albion. Buddhism and a FuruRE State. — It has been sought to throw upon Buddhists the stigmi of AtheisEn, Materialism, and a belief in tho annihilation of the soul. These accu sations havo th jir origin in the mystical traus cenlentalism of a comparatively modern aud corrupted state of Buddhism, and which have not any authority from the preaehings or dis courses of Buddha himself. . Buddha con stantly refers to a First Cause, another' world, and a state of rewards and punishments after death. Buddha's own hymn on his becoming Buddha, testifies to his belief in God. He 8peak3 of tho Builder and Architect who made him and controlled his transmigrations ; and tho llev. Mr Gogcrly, in his translation of the Damina Pcidari, written in Pali, makes Buddha repeatedly speak of the present and future world — viz , ' The sinner snffers in this world, and he will suffer in the next world ; iu both worlds he suffers,' Agaiu, ' The virtuous man rejoices in this world, and ho will rejoicc in the next world. In both worlds lie has joy,' &c.; Here is the founder of tho religion talking of the present and a future world, expressing his bjlief iu a state of re wards and punishments, &3 , necessity, therefore, expressing his belief iu a power or' being to dispense rewards and punishments. Surely, there must be some distortion in rea soning to pronounce such a believer an Atheist. To this statement, says the London Leader, we taay add the account given of Buddha's last moments. . Feqliug hinnelf near' his end, ho is said-, to have 1 gathered together a largo, company: of his disciples, arid after having ex pounded to them his doctrine afresh, to have added as his last words, 'Everything saddens me, and I' desire to enter into the Nirvana, that is, into existence-free from auy corporeal attribute, into the state of supreme and eter nal blessedness.' ?. 