LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Late Mrs. Fisher.—The funeral of tills lady took place this morning. The procession started from Mr Fisher's residence, on North-ter rac, about 1 o'clock, and the funeral service was j read at Trinity Church. His Excellency andnume I rous friends of the deceased attended. 'The proces sion then re-formed, and went in the direction of the Cemetery, for the conclusion of the mournful cere mony. Captain Germain.—This gentleman, who has been for so many years favourably known as one of our best coasting ship-masters, is now ap~ pointed master of the Corio steamer, and from his long knowledge of the coast it would be impossible to find a person better adapted to the situation. Masonic Ball.—We understand that the approaching Masonic Ball promises to be a very sue- i cesful affair. Tickets, it appears from our advertis- ! ing columns, may be obtaine i from any steward, or from Mr George White, King William-street, until ! 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. Colonial Art.—A very handsome piece of workmanship by Messrs Lehimann and Schomburg, jewellers, Itundle-street, is now- on view at their i establishment. The design is a Candelabrum, the 1 support of which is formed of the stalk and reed of j the grass-tree, with natives and kangaroos grouped j at the base. As a work of art it is admirable, and : shows considerable artistic design on the part of the j manufacturers. It is of solid silver, and is valued at one hundred pounds. We perceive, by an adver- ! tisement in our columns, that it is to be raffted shortly. Not to ns Sneezed At.—Mr Duncan [ Cameron, who formerly represented the Ovens Dis- j trict in the Legislative Council of "Victoria, has j arrived in Melbourne from Beech worth, after having j amassed, in store-keeping and as a successful ! claimant on the Woolshed, the very respectable sum of £20,000. j Miss Anna Maria Quinn.—This juvenile ! actress, who, our readers will remember, amused j and astonished an Adelaide audience for some time, j was expected to arrive in England in April, for the ' purpose of commencing her theatrical career in the metropolis of the world. As a prodigy, she will, no doubt, be as highly appreciated there as she has been here. Pleesejian X.—The amusing contribu tions to the Melbourne Punch, by " Pleeseman X. " some of which we have copied into our columns, are, we believe, correctly attributed to James Smith] Esq., President of the Melbourne Garriek Club! Mr Smith is also one of the editorial staff of tho Argus, and, it is said, is favourably known in the literary circles of the mother-country as the author of several works of repute. Mr Smith has lately been lecturing in Geelong on the writings of Charles Dickens. A Prophet hath no honour in rirs own Country.—A man of colour, lately pretending to be a prophet sent from heavon, has recently been attracting a considerable concourse of people in the public streets of Geelong, declaring to them, "the end of time, and of the world; " and also laying down what_he impiously terms, "the decrees of the Most High God." A great deal of indignation had been expressed throughout the town at the Magistrates not intei fering, for public decency's sake. Some of the immense crowd that attended his preaching, very irreverently took possession of the "inspired book," as the prophet called it, and bolted. The volume was regained by the police, and the defender placed in the watch-house; the book being retained by the police as a souvenicr of their capture. The SrDNEY Masonic Ball Several in dignently penned letters" appear in the Sydney news papers, complaining of the announcement made by the stewards of the forthcoming Masonic Ball, "that no brothers of the craft should oe admitted if clothed m a higher degree than It.A," A brother writing to the Sydney Empire, on the 18th of June last, says, with respect to the matter;'—"There is a rumour current that this notice has a far deeper meaning attached to it than the mere words seem to imply5 and this report gains credence every day. It is stated that a poor but worthy brother, during his travels iu various parts of the world, received many very high honours in Freemasonry, and he is sup posed to stand highest in the craft in this province' It is presumed that this notice refers to him for on the occasion of the last ball given by the masons, he was directed to divest himself of many of the orders of the higher degrees of Freemasonry with which he was then decorated and was entitled to wear- That he obeyed this envious, jealous, order is much to be regretted, inasmuch as it is plainly to be perceived that it emanated from the envious feelings of those not entitled to wear these orders, and that lie stated his determination to wear them at the forthcoming ball is a matter of congratulation, although it has drawn forth the bad feelings of tho3e high in office, giving authority to a notice at once unworthy of the craft in general, and a great discredit to those brethren (whose names are attached to this advertisement) in particular." ' The Wanerenooica Mine.—The Perth Gazette, in Western Australia, in speakin0, of the above mine, says :-Through the kindness of Mr D bcott who returned in the Bradley from a trip to South Australia and "\ ictoria, we have been fur nished with an assay of three specimens of copper ore from the Wanerenooka Mine, made by Mr Bruce, the referee between the Buna Burra Com pany and the Smelting Company, and therefore an undoubted competent assayer. This gentleman re ports :—No. 1, Copper Pyrites mixed with black ore, 223 per cent.; No. 2, Peacock ore, l?! per cent.; No. 3, Carbonate (malachite) 28 percent!1 The whole giving an excellent average of 22± per cent, which _ must be considered excellent," especially when it is taken into consideration at how little depth beneath the surface the ore was procured from which the specimens were taken. Mr Scott also informs us that the account he was able to give of the mine elicited tho most favourable opinions from parties practically engaged in mining, as well as from capitalists, who expressed themselves desir ous of taking a venture in it, if the mine was thrown open and a company formed, which they proposed to do in England whither they were proceeding. We hope something of this kind will be done, and it is scarcely possible the colony can receive the full benefit which might be derived from the working of the mine, while, as at present, it is confined to°the capital and energy of one individual, however enter prising and persevering that person may be. Crusade against Oyster Shops.—Bell's Life in Victorta says, that the Melbourne City Police having thorougly rooted out all the thieves and vagabonds in the good city of Melbourne, have now turned their attention, from want of something better to do, to " a crusade against all oyster-shops and eating- houses that presumed to offer a meal to their customers after twelve o'clock on Saturday ni"hts. At least, we presume that they think thev have scarcely anything else to do, otherwise they 'would be better employed. It is much to be regretted that the worthy spirits who have set the police on this ungenerous and tyrannical course, cannot make a law and enforce it, that 110 person shall be allowed to bo out of bed, or at any rate, out of his house, after midnight on Saturday. But perhaps it is still more 0 be lamented that tho self-righteous, whoso.busi ness is happily over long before that hour, will not confine their attentions to those who need them, but will persevere in thrusting their own system on their less fortunate neighbours. One of the greatest nusances 111 this colony is the unnecessary and intrusive attempts of our modern Pharisees to meddle with the conduct and habits of other people If the insidious spirits of the denomination of cant be not withstood at the outset, we shall be left to regret their effects for a long day What is one man's case to-day will be another's to-morrow; and it will be difficult to calculate the point at which fanatical zeal will stop." Vegetable 5Gas.—By our last Sydney advices we perceive that a paper was about to be read at a meeting of the Sydney Gas Consumers' Company, on the discovery of the arc of extracting gas from vegetables. " We may therefore expect," says the editor of Bell's Life in Sydney, " to have our streets lighted with green peas in summer, pota toes in winter, onions in autumn, and in spring we may look for illumination to nice spring radishes. If, however, green grocery may be turned into gas, we may expect a tremendous explosion some day amongst our friends the vegetarians." Presentation to Madame Bishop.—A Bishop have presented that lady with a handsome j nugget jof Victorian gold, of the value of £115, as a mark of their esteem. The nugget is enclosed in a box, veneered with mother-of-pearl, and which bears the following inscription:—"Nugget of Aus tralian gold, presented to Madame Anna Bishop, as a souvenir, by a few of her friends and admirers in Melbourne, Victoria on taking her final departure for Europe." The weight of the gold is 28 ozs. 8 dwts. Madame Bishop leaves for Sydney by the first steamer, but we still hope that her return to our city will be decided upon before she finally leaves Australia.—Herald. Short Weights in Sydney.—Bell's Life in Sydney gives tl e following amusing report of a case tried for short weights in bread:—" Lying in ' Weight' for a Customer,—Charles George Ilo bertson, of Botany-street, baker, appeared before the bench, D. Forbes, Esq., in the chair, en a charge of having sold bread too light to suit the tastes of his customers. Mr Cory conducted the prosecu tion,' and Mr Redman the defence. The learned gentleman having, in a very floury speech, opened the case and given his opinion that the defendant came under the claws of the third Act of Council, William IV., called* Thomas Roouey, who stated that he had been sent by Mr Mitchelson, Inspector of Weights and Measures, to invest one shilling and a penny halfpenny in bread at the prisoner's shop. That the woman behind the counter having furnished him with three loaves, declined to weigh them, when in popped the terrible Inspector, like Banquo's ghost, at the critical moment, and putting them into his own balance found them wanting fourteen ounces. The learned gentleman having proved that defen dant was responsible for the act on the principle that " qui facit per aliis facit per so," the witness was examined by defendant's counsel and having exhibited a lamentable igno rance of his hie hoc hoc by alternately describing the loaves as the bread, this bread, and that bread, gave place to the inspector himself, who having cor roborated the evidence of the last witness, ex pressed himself unequal to give any particulars as to the manufacture of tha "staff of life." Mr Holmes, baker of King-street, was then placed in the witness-box, and the question being put— " Tell me where is Fancy bread ?" proceeded to give the bench a "batch" of opinions on the respective merits of French bread, fancy loves, twists, turnovers, and rolls, concluding with tlio important fact, that French bread was usually rasped. Mr Redman, however, for the defendant, seemed to consider this a " rasper," and subjected him to a number of searching questions relating to the evaporation of moisture i* the formation of crust until the Bench got rather crusty at the delay, and it having been proved that a batch loaf at 5|d took twice a3 long to bake as a turnover at 4§d., and the bread in Court not appearing to come under either of these designations, they were obliged to call James W. Brown, a baker of fourteen years stand ing, who being asked which jwas fancy bread, batch or turnover, proved himself an adept in the art of cross-questions and crooked answers by replying " Twist, or cottage loaf." A number of other bakers from London and Paris were then called on each side, the majority of whom seemed to range on the ! side of the " fancy," and id having been clearly proved in evidence that it was quite a stretch of I fancy to suppose this kind of broad ever weighed 21bs per loaf, the opinion of the late Attorney-General was referred to on "French bred" articles of this sort, and finally Mr John Cartniehael, a veteran from the Ovens, was called up, and the following question put by the counsel for the prosecution:— If a loafer were to go into your shop for a loaf, would you give him a Roland for an Oliver by serving him with a batch loaf for a turnover ? This question having been satisfactorily responded to, and the "Baker's Act" having been "twisted," "rolled,".and " turned over " into every conceiv able form and shape, his Worship, after hearing the additional evidence of Messrs Blow, Smail, O'Hara, and Quail, practitioners in the same line of business, decided that the practice of selling loaves under weight of common make and appearance, on the pica that they are fancy bread, is a fraud on the public, and fined defendant 40s., and costs. 