JtlCIIMOND UIVER RACES. (Abridged from Veil « Lift, Oct. 3.) '1 lioso races carno orton tho 10th nnd 11th of Scptombor, and afforded ntnplo satisfaction to tho numoioiis usitors «ho attended, 'lim courso, rothor moro than no\on- cighthn of a milo lound, mis in first-rato ordor Thoraoing «as ns mulei - Tikst Day. First Race -The Richmond Uiver Pinte of 60 sovs , for all horses, tulce round the couria, heuta Mr Spark«'» brg tenison.(Pratt) 1 1 Mr Brown's eg Ilniihnznrd . 2 dr Mr Meanlej'« bli Ilako.dr This rnce wns ii complete gilt to Venison Rake did not at pear al all, an I Hnphazard w ii not able to make Veulson exert himself, to show what was In him. Second Race -Tho Malden Plate ol 45 sors., for al, malden horse» t second bono to receive 10 sovs.1 from tile slakes 1J miles, heals Mr Spsrko's ch Counterfeit, 3 years ...(Pratt) 1 1 Mr Mackellnr'sbg Rusty, aged . 8 2 Mr Moonie)'« h h Hake, 3 years. 2 3 First Heat -Counterfeit jumped off with the lead, was never hended, and won easily, Itake second, and Unity savins his distance. Time, j min 32 sees. Second Heat - Counterfeit ngaln took this heat easily. Dusty now made play, and after a good struggle willi Rake, succeeded In obtaining second place Time, J min J8 sees. Third Race -The Trial Slakos of 25 tors, for two and three year old hone» , onco round) ona event. Mr Sparkes'c h Counterfeit, 8 yrs.(Pratt) I Sir Mackellar'» b.s Grafton, 3 yri. Mr Barker's bg Jaundice,2yrs. 3 Mr Huyes'g f Cinderella, 3 yrs.dr Grafton nnd Counterfeit jumped off together, th* former pushing Counterfeit for nearly half a mile, when the latter gradually drew ahead and won easily Time, 1 min 89 sees. Fourth Race -The Hack Stakes of IS ion , with a ' sweepstakes of 2 sovs each a Ided, lor all untrained hacks, carrying Hit 71b., onco round, beats. Mr, Bundock'» b g Dash.(Wyndham) 3 1 1 Mr Turnbull abg Ghost . lia Mr Pale's br ni Annie Laurl. 4 g 3 Mr Jenkin'« bil g Sultan . -.330 Mr Sparke'» h g Unknown. S dr Mr Rubinson's b g Glendower. 6 dr. The flrat heat wai a mott Interesting struggle between Ghost alni Unknown, and resulted In favor of Ghost by a length The nut two heats were won by Dash, nut how« ver, without a struggle , In tho tecoud heat with Annla I.ntirlo and In tho last wilh Ghost A Purse was made up by a subscription upon the course, and £0 added from tho funds lor a Hurry Scurry, for all hacks , catch »eights, which wsswou by Butter Sicoxn Dit. Fmt Race.-The Hurdle Race of 30 sovs, for «11 hone» Homebush welter weight!; 2 miles, over 0 leapt 3ft 6ln. high. Mr. Sparke'« bg. Unknown.(Campbell) 1 Mr. BundiH'k'i b.g. Daih. S Mr. Turnbull b.g. Ghost. 3 "" Mackellar'! blk g. Dick Turpin.dil Mr. Brown's ch.g. Cupid.dr. This was tho most exciting race of the meeting, and ended very differently to »hat mosto!the spectator! nu tlcipntoil. Dick Turpin, the wlnnor ol tho Iloretle Race last year, was tho favourite with the majority, bnt Ghost, the winner the preceding year, na» expected ny some to stand a good chance for the prixe. Uuknunn jumped off with the lend, took every hurdle in Ano »lylo, wa» nevur heuded, and won easily. Dick Turpin dislo- cated lils fetlock just before be arrived at tbo fourth hurdle. A subscription was collected upon the course, and £5 ad.led from the funds for a Hack Hurdle Rico,ono mile, occr ihrre Inn ps. Won, after n good race, by Mr. Pate« Annie Laurie. ' Second Rare.-Tho Publican's Purse of 40 sovs., for all horses; 3 miles ; ono avenu Mr. Cowan's br.m. Heiihcr Bell, Syn.(Wilson I Mr. ¡Spnrku'i eli. Counterfeit, 3 jrs. 2 Mr. Mnckellnr's b.g. Rusty, aged. 3 Counterfeit was the favourite. The race commenced from the jump. Counterfeit keeping the lead nilli the maro at lil» quarter for two mile» mid a half, »ben ihr gradually obtained iho adrautage, and gelling the lend «llhiu the last half mile, forge*I ahead, uud won by a length. This ruco na» not timed. Third Race.-The Ladies' Purse of 25 so vi., for oil hoi>e» ; one milo and a quarter ; heats. Mr. Sparke'» b.c. Venison.(Pratt) I 1 Mr. Brown's e.g. Haphajurd. dr Mr. Mosley'» e.g. Stranger. dr Haphazard and Stranger being drawn, Veaison walked over for the money. Fourth R.ice_The Beaten S'akoa of 25 aova., for all hones beaten; handicapped ; one and a halfmile; ono event. Mr. Brown'» e.g. Haphnsard. lou.,.(Pratt) 1 Mr. Mackellar'! bg.Grafton, 8st 121b. a Mr. Barker's b.g. Jaundice, Feather. 3 This was a good race, Hupli ixard not having much lo sparo at the finish, and probably notild have resulted diflrrenily lind Crehon been ridden by a jockey at his proper weight. A snhicrlption was collected from the bystander!, and £5 added from Iho funds for a Hurry Scurry, for all haeki, catch weight! ; round the course ; hosts, Entrance &<., added to tho prlie. Six horses started, and after three well.contested beats, waa won hy Mr, Sinter's Glendoncr. This was the conclusion of our races for 1857. EXPOllTS PROMTIIR DuTBICT DORWOTHa! FORTNIOllT. -The following li an abstract al the export!, fruin the published manifests of the »teamen and coasters, uf the principal produce (exclusive ol wool and tallo»), received coastwise In Sydney, tram the Hunter River district, during the fortnight ending Wednesday, Sep. temi er 30, 1847: Tobacco-balea. 3 kegs .... 12 Orant.ii- casks. 30 Horns. 400 Fish-cases. 3 Straw-trusses .... 83 Butler-kega. Is Wine- bhds. 8 Prawns-basket.... 2 Pollard-baga. 21 Coal-tons. 2190 Gold-ounce. 8V0 Grain- bushel». O00 Wheat-bushels.... 45 Malso-bushels .... SOU Flour-bags . SIS Bran-bag. IOS Hides . 205» Sheepskin!-bndlci. 10} liny-trunes . 285 Kursus. 21 Cllres . 22 Cows. 11 Pigs . 125 Sheep. 1155 Klbctiosbbbino l'noOHBDisoi.- A meeting of a coiisldornblo number of the frlendi and supporters of Mr. James Hickson was held at the Hunter River Hotel, East Multi md, on Saturday erenlng. It was in- timated by Mr, Dodds, who was called to the chair, that a meeting of the lupportert of Mr. Diokion and Mr. Parkes »ould be hold on Monday, with a view lo arriving ut some undemanding In relerence to the withdrawal of one of tbo candidate!. Tbe question than aroio wholhlr the meeting should adjuurn till Monday, or piooëed to the business of forming a cora, minee. Alter some conversation, in the cour» of »hlch it was stated that Mr. Dickson hail, befure pub. Hilling his uddresi, learned from Mr. Parkes that It wai not his wish lu como forward, and that now, unless Mr. Parkes did como forward on n different fooling, he would go to Iho poll, it waa resolved that a committee should bo formel fur tbo purpose ol securing Mr. Ulcli »nn's election, and shoul.i meet regularly every Monday till the elecll ti. A committee was formed accordingly, Pouofc Husixras.-There were seven cases on tlio police list for hearing by the bench, at West Mailland, yesterdav. Mr. llussell and Captain Smith were the sitting maglilralci. . Assim.r.-John Doyle appeared at West Maitland, yesterday, charged with having on the 28th September violently nssnulted James Stllsby «llh a bone. Mr. Mimer appeared for Hie complainant. James Stllihy deposed thai on the afternoon of the day mentioned the defendant hired his cub, to take him to a fuller;,! ; tilla wa» at the Croti Keys, where they bad a nobbler ; he theil drove to Wads'» yard, mid Ulan followed lbs hoarse nlong tho Salt .Maitland road; the reins broke, and witness liad to nop; the defendant abused him, and (inched into hlin with a bono-bcatlng bim over Hie head and rice ; the mark« now visible were produced at tho time ; did not assault the détendant, neither did ho give any provocation : wal quilo lober at the lime. Constable Dwyer saw Stllsby aoon after the assault had takon placo ; ho was bloedlng, snd complained of bar. lug been usiaultcd hy Doyle ; Stllsby win nut drank, he »m .< as usual." In defence the defendant stated Hint Stilsby »as misconducting himself by Interrupting the procuaiion, and that when ho want and remonstrated with him, Stllsby »llh lils whip knocked his hut oil; defendant admitted having then "pitched Into him right and lolt."-Willum Baker dopoied that ho was tho un. derbikerof the funoral referred to; Stllsby was Inter- rupting the procession ; witness wont and spoke lo bim, when Stllsby abused Illili ; witness porsundod Mrs. Clilrers to leave lils cub nnd got Into Jones's conch ; Stilsby waa buaslly drunk al tho time-Honora Chiven corroborated Mr. Dater'» loil(oiony relntivo to Stlliliy'i Irregular behaviour'; ho wai very tlpiy nt the time. IMwnrd Burko Hated that ho law Stlliby on tho day referred to, and gave tilth, some drape to put on hil hat; bo was very drunk, and »anted his m hip covered with crape; after Joining the procession he bohaved In a very disorderly manner, slbpplug at Intervals, und re. fusing to drive or allow any ono.elss to do so ; ho saw the complainant nrlke the deleuJinl'» hat off titi head with a whip, but did not leo tho détendant minnll 8UI«by.-William Marnnno also gave »vldonoa to a altnllur effect,-Tho bench dismissed the case, ans) com. mented In terms of disapprobation on tbo conduct of SUlsby, us deposed in tbo oijdeoci, ' Titi Wandale,-Summer sterna to have come upon us suddenly, The last few days have been very wann ? Sunday and yesterday particularly io. The bent brought on a thunderstorm yesterday afternoon, and somti little rain followed, making the air gratefully cool. I/HtKxrts.s or "Laoíustiwa."-We Imve pleasure In noticing that our friend Mr. Fowles has itist completed a very eicolleut portrait of Liiiirislina, It le, »o bellete, executcil lo her owner's order and In It he will possess a lasting »ourinir of hil splendid filly.-Era, Oct. 8. Tilt Revbhub.-The usual quarterly abstract ol the revenue, for the quarter ending Silth Septembor, as com. pared with the corresponding quarter in 1830. ha» Just been published, in the Oocernintiil Gazette. Tbe total revenuo of the quarter was £845,102, an Increase of £59,388 on the 1850 quarter, when the total revenue waa £285,778. Of tilla large apparent Increase, however, £20,017 must he deducted as accidental, from tho assessment on stork having bien made Inter this year, and coming therefore within Hie third quarter instead of the second. This loavea the real Increase at £30,(100, a considerable lum. The Increase li nudo up of Improte monta In several brunches at the revenue. Thus tho cuitoma yielded £123,503 in the quarter juit ended, against £123.070 in the 1S58 quarter; duty on colonial spirits £17,012, against £10,OiiG; thegoldduty, minen' rights, «Seo., £10 601, against £8079 for licenses nnd fees In 1850; land tales £57.751, against £53,554; rents of land £47,730, against £41,785; licenses £7350, against £0570, the licenses on wholesale spirit dealer» yielding £850, and that on bonded storekeeper» £1 K1 tho patt, quarter, while n«|ihor were In exlttenco In I860.* Then postage yielded £8822, ngalnit £8002 ; flnei £2175« against £1051 ; and fees ol omeo i'7203, against £0370. The total land retenue of the quarter was £103,586, hrsldes £1759 from the Church and School Estates Fund. Nkwoastlc Export or Coil,.-Export ol coil from the port of Kewcmlle, for the week ending Fridiy, 2nd October: By Iho A. A. Oo.to Sydney, 704 lons; to Mel- bourne, 1221; lo Hobart Town, 140-total. 2131 tons. By the C. «U C. Co, to Sydney. 028 tons; to Melbourne, 70S ; to Moreton Bay, 78 ; Geelong, 274-total, 1088 tons, «rand total, 3819 tons.-KewoatÜe Telegraph, Out. 8. Protection.- Mary Isabella Lewis and her five children were brought before the bench yuitorday lor protection. Her husband, It appeared, was In gaol, having been aonlonced to a month's imprisonment for stealing n coat, and she had nlso been Imprisoned for using obscene language, and had only been llbcrnt. d on Saturday last. The children had been sent to the gaol and had como cut with their mother. The landlord ol Iho house had taken possession ol It. and refused to allow them again to Inhabit it, She itated Ihm ioma friend! would take two of her children from her, and that by golog to service sho could support the re- mainder : she »a» accordingly discharged. Kbfosi.vo WaOBis.-John Drinan waa charged at Weat Maiühnd, yesterday, willi having committed a broach of the Masters' mid Servants' Aot, by refusing lo pay M Ichael Kenny his wages. The case had been firovlously brought before the court, but on account of t being a partnership account thecsao bad been with- drawn 1er the purpose of bringing It In another form, Mr. O'Mcaghor objected to Ibu information; It co», mined only the earns of Kenny, whereas be contended that his partner should also be mentioned. Al tbo re- quest of His complainant, lbs cato waa remanded till Thursday, for the attendance of lils solicitor. Onscwia LaxoiuoE.-John Hughes was yesterday charged with having, on Saturday last, made uso of obscene Inngusgc In the street!. Constable Dwyer da. posed to the languge complained of. The defendant waa drunk ; when taken Into ouitody ho waa very trou, birlóme ; witness bad lo knock him down ; the prisoner then kicked him thrice. Thedofendant, who ii a plai* terer, from Newcastle, stated lu waa drunk, and wai not nwaro of what bo was doing. Ha waa rloed 40s., or seven days imprisonment. Diatii rnou a Blow rao« a Fnuxo Brincii op a Tibs.-An Inquest was held by the coraaer yesterday, at the house of John Buckley, of Buttai, on the body of William Walker, wbo bad met with his death the pre- vious day. It appeared from the evidence taken thaton Sunday morning he went with two sons ol Thomas Bux- ton, a sawyer at Buttai Creek, In »hose house he wai then »toying, to cut down a 1res In which there wai a bee's neat, Tbo Iree waa felled with axo and saw, end while falling struck attains! a desd tree, breaking offone of the branches, which tell on Walker's head, com- pletely shattering a great part of tho bones of the skull, and killing him instantaneously. One of the Buxton's shouted to Walkor to get out of the way while the branch wai falling ; but be did not move or seem to wi- derstand. Verdict, that the deceased came to hil death by a tree accidentally falling ob him, and not other- wise. Accident at Foon Mili Cieek.-A serious acci- dent occurred on Sunday at Four Hile Creek. A lad named Kerrigan, of about eleven jean of age, fall Irom a tree, up which he had climbed nearly thirty feet. He fell on his feet ; but, rather singularly, his arm, and not his legs, was broken. He li reported to have been loverely injured by tile shuck. Dki'nkhnssss.-John Booth pleaded guilty to a first offanroorthls nature, at Weil Maitland yeiierday, and wai fined 10». or twenty.four hours' Imprisonment. John Chapman pleaded guilty to a similar charge, and was sentenced to alike punishment. 