GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. His Excellency the GovEmtoa's establishment will be removed to New Government House early in the ensuing month of October, when the land upon which the old Government House now stands will become available for sale or public purposes. General Post Office, 4th September, 1857. List of letters posted this day insufficiently stamped or not stamped at all Mrs. Kemp, Mount Vernon, Green Ponds. , Rev. Mr. Irwin, Goulburn-street Church. Mrs. Woolley, cabinetmaker. Macquarie street. 5th Sept., 1857 Mr. John Hewson, Louisa Creek, Sydney. Air. Fred. Glover, Licensed Viet al- ler, Port Cygnet. A nut val on Miss Anna Ma ma Quinn. This youthful votaries of the Thespian temple has just arrived in London from Australia, where her extraordinary dramatic talent has obtained for her a celebrity that few artistes have ever obtained in that country. If we are to place reliance on theeulogmms of tin Press wherever she has appeared she cannot fail to create an extraordinary sensation when she makes her appearance on the English stage. Miss Quinn, although only thirteen years of ago, is said to be unappeasable in Mrs. Glover's line of business, her Mrs Malaprop and Mrs. Hardca.stle being finished personations. - Sunday Times, June 14. Young Men's Association.-The members and friends of the above Association commence their fourth session, with a breakfast, at the Exchange Rooms, to- morrow (Tuesday) morning;, at half-past six. The opening lecture will be delivered by the President the following Tuesday evening "(15th inst.), in the Alliance Assembly Rooms subject, ' Debating Societies. The public will be admitted. TxLEOHAritic Communications deputation, consisting of the following gentlemen I, had an interview with Lord Palmerston yesterday on the subject of the Red Sea telegraph communication with India, Chim Australia, viz. Mr. John C. Marshman (chairman), Mr. James Allan, Sir. George Bonham, Bart, K.C.B., Mr. R. W. Crawford, M.P., Mr. Charles Freshfield. Mr. S. Gregson, M.P., Mr. Khk van find iron, M.P., Captain Hall, R.N., Col., the Hon. A. Kinnaird, M.P., Mr. Christopher Rawson, Sir Macdonald Stephenson, and Mr. Alexander Wilson. The deputation was introduced to Lord Palmerston by the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird. Times, July 16. Opera We have the pleasure, of informing our readers that the English Opera Company open this evening, at the Theatre Royal, with the opera of Non ma. The principal role is entrusted to Miss Julia Harland, who will be supported by Mrs!- Hancock and Messrs. Sherwin and Hancock, with a full chorus. The orchestral arrangements are confided to Mr. Linley Norman. Tug Social and Political Relations of Drunken- message earnestly call attention to a Review upon this pamphlet which appears in the fourth page of the Courier of this day. Diocesan Stood. At a meeting of the members of the Church of England held on Saturday, in St Mark's School, Pontville for the purpose of electing a Representative for that parish in the Synod-Thomas Westbrook, of Hobart Town, Esq., was proposed by V. E. Chalmers, Esq., seconded by. Luttrell, sear., Esq.. as a fit and proper person to represent the district-and unanimously elected. -The Rev. Mr, Burrowes having left the Chair, Mr. Chalmers was called thereto, when it was proposed by W. G. Elliston, Esq., and seconded by Alfred Luttrell, senior, Esq., That in the opinion of this meeting, the time has not yet arrived when State Aid to Religion can be safely dispensed with in this Colony; and that it be a request to the gentleman chosen as our Representative in the Synod, that he should use his best exertions to secure the continuance of State Aid. Carried unanimously. Signed. V. E. ChaJincri», Chairman. Extbaoiidikauy Leap We mentioned last week that the well-known old horse Fairplay broke his back whilst following the Melbourne hounds ; but we could not, at the time of writing, explain how it occurred, as our narrator, Nimrod's Ghost, merely saw the smash, and the pace was too good for inquisitive inquiries. We learn, however, from Mr. R., his owner, that Fairplay was owing him away in his mouth at the unlucky fence, and that he rose eighteen feet (by after measurement from the jump. Although he struck the top rail, he did not break it, but fell dead on landing. Mr. R., who fortunately escaped with a few bruises, states it to be his opinion that the animal broke his back at the moment of making this extraordinary spring, and not when toppling over the timber. If this idea be correct, be is certainly the first sportsman who ever rode a dead "hone over posts and rails Bell's Life. Joky List-The jury list for the present year is posted on the Court House door for general inspection; and notice is appended that the list will be settled at the Quarter Sessions the first Tuesday in October. Whitehall, July 18, 1857 The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal granting the dignity of Knight of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto the undermentioned gentlemen: William Foster Stawell, Esq., Chief Justice of the colony of Victoria ; James Frederick Palmer, Esq., President of the Legislative Council of Victoria; and Daniel Cooper, Esq., Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales. Times, July 15. A Pair of Gluttons The following is a copy of an advertisement in the Argus: of this should meet the eye of John Cbam, be will find his brother James at the Victoria Dining Rooms, opposite Cole's Wharf We are requested by Mr. W. A. Guesdon to call attention to the sale of that very neat brick cottage, containing six rooms, garden, cart entrance, and other advantages, situated on the New Town Road, to take place to-morrow, on the property, at, two for half-past two o'clock, 