BAPTISM OF ONE HTTNPREP MORMONS AT OHES ? A singular, and, it may bo added, a moat disgraceful ! scono,. took, placo lately. On tho ootskirts of tho town j runs a narrow stream among tho fields, cal tod tho river ¡ "Rot ber,, over which,' on thc Hnsland road, is abridge called Stoney Bridge This was tho spot fixed upon for I tho perforrnnnco of the ccrotnony we aro about to describo, j 'About ona hundrod to one hundred and fifty persons, I chiefly, women, are scattered.on tho vorgo of tho water, waiting for the appearance of the doludcd fanatics who ! fire tn bo "dipped." They call to'encb pthdr from'oppo- site sides, and crack jokes of n most shameless character. It is past eight, and quite dark; the moon being obscured, and not a, singlo star out'tn shed oven' ft glimmer of light; Two or thrco candles aro brought down tc the waterbend stuck in tho mud by the sida, and presently a coarso-fca turcd mans descends into tho middle ' of tho stream, and takos up his position under the arch of tho bridge. ! This is tho priest, who is to perform tho ceremony. Bo has nothing on but n pair of trousers, tnckod up to tho knee, and a waistcoat with sleeves. Ho intimates td the atten- dants that he is ready, and in a few minutos omerge from n houso two hundred or three hundred yards 'off mon, \ some half naked, and they walk over tho ground, which is strewed: with pioces of broken bottles, bricks and tiles . to the water. .. .» ..*'*.* ¡* Ono by, ono tboy aro recoivod by tho priest, who, amid .shouts of laughter, dips each individual, pronouncing over thom the: formula':-VI,1 being commissioned by Jesus Christ, baptise thee for tho remission of thy sins, in thc l.-narao of the Father, tho Son, mid tho Holy Ghost." As bo utters these words ho lays thom beneath water, and tho individual : who ls bolng baptised, being in ovory case I blinded by the"water, there is a strnggto to risa; and on sbveral occasions both priest and baptised rolled over to- gether in tho stream. As may. bo imagined, this affords itnraence 'amnsomcnt to tho mob, who testify their appro- bation by clapping of hands, shrieks, and roars of merri- ment. \Vo will not shock' tho'reader with any attempt at description 'of the scone amid which tho women were baptised.- En ouch lins boen said to show tho disgraceful travestlo of roligioh which took place on that' ovening, and from which every man with a remnant of decency In' his composition returned with feelings of deep shame and disgust.- Manchester Examiner. 