jmiardlatlrous. The Late Colubiok « Sea.—The Crown pro* secutioo of the mates of (he Champion and Lady Bird steamers, commenced on Monday morning at the Police Court, when six witnesses were examined at great length. Four of that number have already given their evidence before die Steam Navigation Board, and that elicited yesterday was subBtaniirfly the same as they tendered on tbe former occasion There were two new witnesses examined: Mr. M'Kniffht, one of the passengers of tbe Champion, mi Mr. Aram, the engineer of that vessel. Their testimony is both interning and valuable The further hearing of the case was postponed for * week, in order to proems the pnwnos offltiwrwitaww. i Immigration Depot.—The immigrants arrived last week by the Britith Empire, have generally met with speedy engagements at a good rate of wHges. Ijp tii Tuesday, from Friday Iwst, nineteen married couples have been engaged, at wages ranging from £50 lo £U0 a-year, with ration*. Twenty two single men have been engaged atftwn X'-'!*> to' i'l-j, mostly the highest figure: forty-five single ieuiales at £'£!> par yew.—Portland Guardian. A Lamkntmilk Fact,— We understand that the number of cases of lunacy and delirium tremi'tit which were brought before the authorities of this district in the year ending 81st December, lKali, wm no loss thin forty five. Of this number seven of the sufferers were sent down to the Yarra fleud Asylum, and the remainder, after different period) of restraint and treatment here, were discharged. During the present year there have been uo fewer than thirty-four cases of the same kind. We fear Uat these terrible visitations must in mostcasis he laid to the charge of intemperance, which is unhappily still the groat sin of the colony.—Courier of the Mint*. Population* of Victoria,—-The following return of the population of Victoria for the quarter ending 30th June, 185?, appears in the Population of Victoria, as enumerated st tbe last census, on the aatli March, IHS?—200,910 males, 145,067 females; total, 400,5;? Increase by immigration orer emigration, from. 39th March to 30th June, 1R53—4746 males, 4134 females; total «*00. Increase by births over deaths, from Sflth March to SOth dune, 1861—»8l malm, 1476 females; total, 24S7, Chinese immigrants officially returned as having landed in South Australia, in the quarter ending 30th June, 1857, and proceeded to this colony-8583. Total papulation on 30th dune, 1857—275,200 male*, 151,207 females; total 428.467." Wehtwa&d; Ho 5— From the earliest times the steps of tbe miner have been gradually tending in the direction of Portland, and though we are not so sanguine as to suppose that diggings will be opened in our immediate neighbourhood, it is our decided belief they will come much newer than they now are, and that every additional tush will continue for a length of time to bring or kee i them in proximity to us. A rush to Hutchnsons station has already been ngtorted, and tho gh re have no well authenticated record of one ban ig takeu place, so satisfied is the public mind that tbe movement will be in this direction that its confirmation is daily anticipated. Mount Sturgeon is likewise looked to as an ultimate gold field, as also the whole of tbe Dundas Badges.—Portland Chronicle. Mfxbourse Races.—Never has Melbourne— nor indeed any City on this side of the Linebeen rife with such forthcoming Turf events as now engross our spotting public. On Saturday week, the Melbourne Hunt Club Steeple-chase comes id 1 , for which no less than twelve horses are entered The riders will be amateur members of the dab, and it says something for the courage of our Melbourne hunters, that there are twice a* many nags entered for their prriate steeplechase as for the open one at the Jockey Club meeting Four miles of country have to be crossed, and there ate twenty-five post-and-rail fences in the distance. Hie approaching Champion Match between Veno and Alice, the equine representatives of Victoria and Kew South Wales, bas already created great interest in all the colonies; and speculation will be further excited by the fact, that the Sydney horse, Veno, was on Mondav matched, at £300 to £500, to ran Vin Tramp three miles, two hours after his struggle with the mate On the Wednesday following these events commence the Jockey Club Races, under the most, favourable auspices.—Herald. A Hard Case.—David Henderson writes to the Kyntton OLttrier:—On Friday, the 3rd of September last, two troopers came to me. and asked if I bad seen two men, one six feet high, with a Scotch plaid jumper on, the other five feet seven inches, who wore a monkey jacket. I told them no. They said to me, " Those two men stuck a man up. and robbed him of £38, and scarred his throat." I was at my work while they were speaking, and they afterwards passed on. I thought no more about them, nor did I hear anything further of the affair till the following Sunday, when the same parties coming by, I went out to enquire if they had learnt anything concerning it. To my surprise, one of them said he tahould take me on suspicion, and a fellow-workman along with me. Of course I got ready, when they told me I would only have to go with them to the hospital, and should be back to my wife and family the same night. But much to my astonishment, when 1 got to tbe door they wanted to handcuff me, but luckily they would not fit. When we reached Kyuctou, instead of going to see the invalid, we were put into the watch-house, and kept eighteen hours without anything to eat or drins. On tbe next morning die wctcb-hottse keeper came with a crust of bread about nine days old, to be divided among five men. We appeared before the Ueuch between ten and eleven o'clock, and the man was asked if we were tbe parties that stuck him up. lie answered " Ko," and we were discharged. Rather Cp&ious.;—On the 25th ult a man named John Green was charged at the Police Court with passing two " duffer" sovereigns, with intent to defraud Mr. Mulling, a hotel-keeper at Oakleigh. Two of the counterfeits were produced in court, several witnesses were examined for the prosecution, and the prisoner offering no defence the Mayor deemed it his duty to commit him for trial. Tbe man has remained in gaol since, awaiting his trial at the Criminal Sessions, to commence tins morning. Will it be believed that it now turns out that the sovereigns are no " duffers" at all, but the genuine article, the real produce of the Queen's Mint, and that both commiting magistrate, publican, constable, &c.;, have been misled by a sort of whitish gloss upon tbe coins, caused by their supposed contact with quicksilver? Such, we are informed, is the fact; for they have been tested by an experienced chemist, who pronounces them to be up to the true standard. The most extraordinary feature of the affair is, that die prisoner himself does not seem to be a wane of their genuineness: for, if so, he would unquestionably have urged that reality as the best of all possible defences. Whereas he ' nored such a presumption, and almost tacitly raitted bis guilt, flow, then, did he become possessed of tbe bad sovereigns? Did he receive thera as good or bad money ? It is certainly one of the strangest police-office incidents that we have ever recorded —Herald, NEW GOLD-FIELD NEAR BEECHWORTH.—The Consititution of the 12th has the following Authentic particulars have reached us respecting the new gold-gold, the discovery of which was briefly alluded to in Tuesday's Constitution. Tbe discoverer is Mr. Kneebone, who formerly worked a Quartz-reef not very far from the Buckland road, and in the vicinity of the ground known as the Deep Sinkings, about a mile and a half below the Buckland Gap. The locality now the subject of notice is in the immediate neighbourhood of the reef in question, and about half a mile up tbe gully, near which stands Pollard's restaurant The sinking where gold was first struck in payable quantities is about forty feet deep. The gold is very coarse and nuggetty, and of a remarkably fine quality. Gold so coarse has never before been found in the Ovens district. It is also entirely free from black sand. The discoverer states that he has frequently washed out half an ounce to the dish, and that the lead which he has struck is throughout very rich. The sinking is, however, very difficult, and at the present moment impossible, owing to the wetness of the ground, and to the dipping of the lead. The farther it advances from the range into the flat, the deeper it becomes; and Mr. Kneebone informs us that below where he had been sinking, the bottom must be at least two hundred feet deep. The labours of the successful prospector have been very great, and for his own sake we trust that the extended claim for which he has applied, and to which he is entitled, may yield him a more than adequate return. The auriferous nature of the flats in that vicinity has often been surmised, but the great depth of sinking has frustrated all enterprise. How that this rich discovery has been made, we are sanguine that many an acre will be subjected to the pick and shovel of the miner. [It seems that this report is false, as the locality indicated by Mr. Kneebone, the soi disant prospector, is old ground] " Successful Utooea."—This trite has been last claimed for a miner at Cremviek's Creek, who has just been presented, by the wife of hi^ iiosom, with uo less than four distinct pledges o)'«flection ; all doing well Note Book. Mount Tavlo* Gold Field.— Specimens of gold from the new diggings on the Mitchell have been exhibited liv Mr, Clarke, Royal Exchange, and caused no little excitement.— Oippt hand Guardian. On Dit.— It is rumoured in legal circles lha Judge Forbes ia to be appointed Judge of the Court of Mines lor the diatrict of Bsllarat, in tbe event of the present Gold Fields Management Bill becoming law. If anything could mitigate the evil of auch measures, it would be auch an appointment. The Taⅇ P's.—Tall toasts are in great demand in America. At a public meeting the following *• dry" toast was given (the author of which got " buttered " when he reached home) :—" The Press—the Pulpit— and Petticoats—the three ruling powers of the dav. The first spreads knowledge, the second spreads morals, and the last spreads considerable." 1'bkttt Ambeicis Complimstet.—"Your English ladies are very handsome," said a polite young American gentleman to Mr Pum h. u Your American girls are exquisitely lovely," returned M>'. Punch, scorning to be outdone in courtesy. " Aye, girls, that is true i but they fall off as they count year*. So you see your women cariy off the palm, ana what's more, its a palm that will bear a date." " Bies- 'em all," said Mr. Punch; piouily, " Let's liquor."—Puncfc. Powerful Appeal —The following powerful, elegant, and classic appeal was made in a court of justice somewhere in the west, by one of the learned heads of tbe bar;—" Gentlemen of the jury, do you think my clifcnt, who lives ia a pleasant valley, where the land is rich and the soil fertile, would be guilty of stealing eleven little skeins of cotton P I think not, I reckon not, I calculate not; and I guess, gentlemen of the jury, that you had better bring in my client not guilty, for if you convict him, he and his brother John will lick the whole of you." A gamekeeper on the estate near Locbawe, who bad been annoyed by the depredations of foxes, discovered a kennel in a glen at the aide of a small loch. While watching one evening for the appearance of the tenants, he observed a brace of wild ducks floating ou tbe loch. In a little while a fox was seen approaching the water-side with cautious steps; on reaching it he picked up a bunch of heather and placed it in his mouth, so as to cover his head, then slipping into the water, and immersing all but his nose, he floated slowly and quietly down to where the birds were quacking out delight in fancied security, seeing nothing near them but a bunch of weed. In due time he neared tbe ducks, the heather, and substituted a bird, which he turned to the loch side, and was mauing oil" to his young with the prize, when the keeper, who had noted au his movements,dosed them by the discharge of his double- barrel.—Home New*. The Electric Eel.—In uo part of the world is the electric eel, or gymnotm, found in auch numbers as in the numerous rivers which join tbe Orinoco in its middle course, and in that river itself. These animals resemble a common eel, except that they are rather thicker in proportion to their length. They are of a yellowish and livid colour, with a tow of yel'ow spots on each side from head to tail. "They are difficult to catch, on account of the great agility with which they hide themselves in the mud. The Indian's take them in the following way. They force a herd of horses to go into shallow water, which they know to be frequented by these eels. Tbe noise which the horses make with their feet brings the eels out of their muddy retreat, and they immediately attack the horses by pressing themselves "beneath their bellies, aud discharging on them their electric shocks. Tbe frightened horses make efforts to get out of the water, but the Indians prevent tliem, and the eels repeat their discharges. Some of tbe horses, being stunned by these repeated strokes, fall down and are drowned; others evince all the signs of horror, and endeavour to escape, but are prevented by the Indians At last tbe eels become exhausted, in consequence of the repeated electric discharges, and are easily taken. The shock which these animals communicate is so severe, that it it impossible to bold them in the hand, or tread on them. They can give a shock exactly similar to that of an electric battery, stunning fish through the medium of water, and, if they are small, killing them. This shock is evidently given by a voluntary act of the fish, for it it is not always felt instantaneously on handling them; and the moment of the effort being made, can be distinguished by the corrugation of the skin and the changing of tbe colour.—Wttiich. Ma&blaoe; by Teleqbaph.—The American journals report a story, which, if true, throws into the shade all tbe feats that have been performed by our British telegraph. It appears that a daughter of one of tbe wealthiest merchants in Boston had formed an attachment for a handsome young man, who was a clerk in her father s counting- house ; and she determined to many him, although her father had previously promised her in marriage to another suitor. The father having heard of the attachment feigned ignorance of it, but determined to cause it to be broken off. For this purpose he directed tbe young man to proceed to England by steamer, upon business, and the lover accordly arrived rou<«, in New York. In the meantime tbe young lady bad gained Mine knowledge of her father's intentions, and aent a message to that effect to her lover in New York, by tbe following expedient:— She' took her place in the telegraphic office in Boston, and he did the same, with a magistrate, in tbe office in New York; and the exchange of consent boing given by the electric flub, they were thus married by telegraph sisted lie had*selected for her; ana judge amazement when she told him she was already tbe wife of Mr. B., then on his way to England: adding an explanation of tbe novel way in which the ceremony was performed. The merchant threatened to protest against the validity of the marriage, but did not carry his threat into execution.—The Electric Telegraph. SbxfxiOWC&b; a. Prevektiyb or Ague—- Lieutenant Maury, in an article communicated to lbs Rural New Yorker, maintains that the growing of sunflowers around a place located near a fever and ague region, neutralises the miasma in which that disease originates, and seems to support the theory by successful experiments. He aays that an acre of sunflowers will absorb during their growth many thousaiid gallons of water more than supplied by the runs, They are of easy cultivation, and the seeds, which are vary valuable, find * ready market at the drug store. The theory for science of tbe experiment is this;—The ague and fever poison is set free during the process of vegetable decay, which poison is absorbed by the rank growing sunflower, again elaborated into vegetable matter, and so retained until cold weather sets In. He report* the result of some experiments made, and also suggests that water lilies, planted in marshes, would have a similar beneficial effect. The New York Commercial says: " If on a second trial the result proves equally favourable, the practical benefit of the discovery will be great indeed, and Lieut Maury will have added another to the evidences he has given that true science is the handmaid of practical utility. Medical Fees.—It seems to have been thought something unprecedented that Dubois should have received £1700 for his attendance on the Empress of the French during her confinement, as mentioned some time ago; yet, on turning over the pages of Wadd, more remarkable instances of large fees will be found. Dimsdale, for his inoculation of the Empress of Bussia and her son, was made a Baron of the Empire, with a present of £12,000, and a pension of £500 per annum. Dr- Willis, for his successful attendance on George III., was rewarded by £1500 per annum for twenty years, and £650 per annum to his son for life. The after physicians bad thirty guineas each visit to Windsor, and ten guineas each visit to Kew. Iu 1737 the physician who attended Queen Caroline bad 600 guineas, and the surgeons 800 guineas each; and in our own days a celebrated surgeon, Mr. William Ferguson, of Hanover-square, baa bad 300 uir.eas for performing a single operation in ersey. These are curious contra ts with f the pension granted by Edward 111.,in 1345, to his apothecary, of 'sixpence a day, and a shilling a day. and eight marks a yew to hi* surgeon, Ricbd Way,—Mtd. Times. GBEAT CANADIAN RAtLWAr Cgxtbactos. —Among the seventy or eighty passengers killed by the late dreadful railway accident at Hamilton, in Canada, was Saml. Zimraermann, the great Canadian railway contractor. A Rochester paper says -.—" He was born in Huntingdon county. Pennsylvania, in the year 1815, and in 1842 removed to Canada, having no capital but energy, farsightedness, a grey horse, and buggy. He was then but twenty-seven years of age. His first undertaking was the construction of four locks and an aqueduct on the Welland Canal, which involved something like 1,000,000 dollars. Subsequently he built one hundred and twenty miles of the Great Western Railway. The building of the first suspension bridge at Niagara Falls, and tbe great railroad bridge at the same place, engaged his attention. He built the Cobourg and Peterborough, the Port Hope and Lindsay, Mid the Erie and Ontario Railways in Canada. Sir. Zimmermann originated, and had just completed, the preliminary arrangement for building a new road to the west, nearly parallel with tbe Great Western, to the south of that line, and on a shorter and better route. This work was to cost some ten millions of dollars. Not long sines he had purchased a large property at Clifton, Niagara Falls, and in the vicinity of tbe suspension bridge, including the fine hotel known as the Clifton House; and his excellent taste and liberal ideas were illustrated in improving this fine estate, and adorning it artistically. Fifty-two acres on the cliffy directly opposite die American Falls, are enclosed with an iron fence and privet hedge. The topography of these grounds is diversified and picturesque. The part nearest the river is level, and this is laid out in gravelled walks, with shrubbery, forest trees, and fountains. One fountain was constructed at a cost of 15,000 dollars. These groves and shaded promenades are lighted during the summer evenings with gas. The proprietor's residence stands on a bluff, foliage of tbe surrounding This dwelling is an unpretending mansion, but has alwavs been the scene of generous hospitality, lie bad plans for an elegant mansion-house, with the proper accessories and surroundings. The foundations of a building of Cleveland sandstone and Canadian brick, to cost 175,000 dollars, were laid last year, and the work was to be prosecuted immediately. His lodges, of which there are four, the conservatory, and tenements for the servants, are models of taste. His eta. bias, completed last year, cost 48,000 dollars From the terraces on the grounds and the portico of his dwelling, a splendid view of the American Fall is obtained. Clifton House is near by—one of the most complete and popular hotels that any watering-place can boast This was owned by Mr. Zimmermann, and was worth over 300,000 dollars. At Elgin, on the western side of the river, at the suspension bridge, the deceased formerly owned a large property, which his own liberal expenditure aud judicious enterprise bad rendered very valuable. This was sold lust year to his friends, Messrs. Pierson and Benedict, for 200,000 dollars. At Toronto he owned property valued at 400,000 dollars; at Hamilton an estate worth 100,000 dollars. He was owner of the steamer Zimmermann, on Lake Ontario, and half owner of another boat, the Pettiest; bis interest in both amounting probably to 100,000 dollars. Some 18,000 acres of land, in different parte of Canada, belonged to him. He estimated his property to be worth 3,000,000 dollars (six hundred thousand pounds sterling). The deceased was a man of limited education, but he was endowed with sterling mental gifts. Intercourse with men of tbe lughest character and iu&uence; had imparted an elevated tone, suavity, and equanimity to his manners. Large benevolence was one of his marked attributes." Loroos Ht&eet; Lira—A few days ago Mr. Henry Mayhew delivered a lecture in the Brighton Athsneum on " The Oddities of London Street Life." In the course of his lecture be introduced his audience to the Fundi and Judy mail, who, he said, was a dark, pleasant-looking man of about fifty, who disclosed to hiin/Mx. Mayhew^ a few secrets of hiB profession. He was formerly a gentleman's footman, but he adopted the business for " money gains." When be first took to it be cleared from &% to £8 a-week, he and his " pardner." He felt it somewhat derogatory to come from a footman's place to such a career > Vut atUl " Punch and Judy was a trade," be said, "which once took to cannot be got rid of." If you enter any other situation, the boys would see you and cry out, " There's Punch behind the counter serving out the customers" (laughter). The performance had. to be verted to suit two classes of persons—the comic and the sentimental. Tne comic people liked him to kick up all tbe games he could; but to the sentimental he had to perform very steadily, and leave out all the comic words and business. They would have no ghost, no eoffin, and do devil, and that's what he called spoiling the performance altogether. An regarded tbe earnings, tbe showman said he could obtain £5 for weeks running, and had taken as much as £2 10a. a day; but now 5a. a day was tbe most that could be made, and that had to be divided between the " man in tbe frame" and the " drum and pipes." Sometimes they had short and long " pitches." A " short pitch" is where the show is set down, the drum and pipe play up, Mid when they get 3d, they "nook itj" but "long pitches" consist of half-an-hour'a performance, the proceeds of which average Is. Punch's audiences were next scrutinised. Boys were a great nuisance. They would follow the show for miles, would get into best places, would throw their caps into the frame, pick holes in the baite to peep through, and " ctiss'em," added tbe man, " they haven't a ferd'n to bless themselves with" (laughter). Nurses were no good,for even if the mothers gave the "little dears" a penny, they would take the money away to buy ribbons. Soldiers again were bad, for they not only had no money, but, what was worse, they had no pockets. A street down once told him (Mr. Mayhew) that when hie wife was confined he jumped " Jim Crow" for twelve hours in the mud and wet of the streets, and he carried home that night to bis almost starving family tbe sum of 15d. as the result of his day's exertions. There was a poor old blind hurdy-gurdy woman, be once knew She bad learnt to plav on the hurdygurdy for a living. 31s called a cymbal— the hurdy-gurdy was not its rail name. " The cymbal," she mid," is not hard to play, Sir, for King David played on one of mom instruments. I first learned to play ' God Save the King,' the Queen that now is, Sir" (laughter). When Mr. Albert Smith was preparing bis Mont Blanc, he asked him (Mr. Mayhew j to recommend him a hurdy-gurdy player, and he mentioned this one, whose name was " Old Sairey." Being blind, she did not know what her pupil wanted to learn for; but she imagined it was for getting a living in the streets. Accordingly, she told him "to keep the leather well down over tbe cymbal, as the ha'pence were very liable to fall into the works" (much laughter.; Some peculiarities of the street bbnd were next pointed out. There are at least 100 blind men sad women getting their living in London, and 500 more in tbe provinces. The blind people like music, and as they can get their living in no other way, they seek it by music. They preferred being blind, and when it was possible to restore one man to sight, he said to the surgeon, " Would you ruin me?" The blind men alwavs married blind women, uying they did not lite " seeing women." They argued that if ** seeing men" had a hud matter to look after "seeing women," what would a blind man do? ^Laughter.) They were very happy and comfortable at home. Die wives love then: husbands, and both love their children, for they said, " our children leads us about, and our affliction makes tbem love us more." Tee Teleojiaph.—Of all tbe wonders of the age, the progress of telegraph lines ia, perhaps, the most marvellous. From a lecture delivered last year by Mr. Lefferts, before the Geographical Society of New York, we gather that the length of telegraphic lines in operation at that time was as follows:—United States, 35,000 miles; Great Britain, 9200 miles; Germany and Prussia, 5000 miles; France, 4500 miles; Austria, 3500 miles; Turkey 1*200 miles; Prussia,2800 miles; India,500 miles; Spain, 450 miles; Denmark and Sweden, 800 miles; Italy 1900 miles; Switzerland, 1000 miles ; Holland and Belgium, 1000 miles. 