DECREE OF EPISCOPAL VISITATION IN THE DIOCESE OF WESTMINSTER. To the Clergy, and the Faithful of the Diocese, Health mid Benediction in tho Lord. Tho Prin co of Shepherds, dearly beloved m Christ Jesus, hns confided to those whom Ho has dolegated over tho whole or portions of His flock the watchful cave of all that pertains to its-spiritual welfare. Ho himself is, indeed, still the true watchman, whose eyes never slumber, but day and night are open on His house — (3 Reg., viii. 29) — which is His Church, to supply it with unfailing mercies. Yet, from time to time, thoso who lovo Him will entreat Him to come in a more special ninnuer, crying aloud ; ' Como and visit this vineyard ;' that is, ' look upon this vineyard which Thy right hand hath planted ; lo, tho wild boar from the . forest hath fed upon it ; or, the hedge which fenced it hath been broken down, and it is- trodden under foot ; or it hath produced but little, or only sour fruit ; or, it is dry yet and hard, and longeth for fatter dew, or heavior showers. Turn again, O Lord of Hosts, look down from Heaven, and porfeot it.' — (Psal. Ixxix.) And, perhaps, Ho will deign to roply, ' As the shepherd visitcth his flock ? bo will I visit-my sheep ? I will seek that which was lost ; and that which was driven away I will bring again ; and I will bind up that which was broken ; and I will strengthen that which was weak ; and that which was fat and strong I will preserve'; and I will feed them in judgment.' — (Ezec., xxiv. 12—16.) Thus docs He give a rule and an example to us whom ' He has appointed Bishops to govern the Chuvch,of God'— (Acts, xx. 28)— that wo should 'take heed to ourselves and to tho whole flock.' Not only hath He plncod us as on a perilous watch , tower to keep a constant and unwearied look-out, answerable for all that may perish by our. neglect in sounding tho trumpet at tho enemy's approach — (Ezec.. iii. 17, 18 ; xxxiii. 6.)— but He hath com manded 'us to ' be diligent and know the face of our sheep, and consider our own flock' — (Prov., xxvii. 23.) — that is, to inspect separately every por tion of the entire flock, and even, if possible, be come personally acquainted with the characters and dispositions, state and condition, of every member ' composing it. The Church, well understanding this our weighty obligation, has been careful in providing for its performance. She has solemnly enjoined it on many occasions, and more especially in the Council of Trent, under the name of Episcopal visitation. This last Gonoral Council has most minutely enu merated all the persons, places, and things, which form the subject of suoh periodical investigations — (Sess vi. De .Reform civ. Sess. vii. Do Ref. c. vii. Sess. xxi. De Ref. c. viii. Sess. xxii. c. viii. Sess. xxiv. T)e Rcf. c. is. x. Sess. xzv. De purgat. Deer, do Tnvocatione, &c.;)— and has more over described the manner in which it shall be conducted. — (Sess. xxiv. De Ref. c. iii.) The cere monial to be observed in its practice is detailed in tho Roman pontifical — (Ordo ad visitandas Paro uhias) — and numerous learned and voluminous treatises have proceeded from tho pens of learned men — (AsGavantus, and Crispinus Do Visitationo) — to assist tho Bishop in the performance of this most important work. Following modestly and humbly the footsteps of buoIi high authority as that of the Council, and of tho holy Pontiffs who have confirmed its disposi tions on this head, our own Provincial Synod- en joined that each Bishop in England should, so soon as possible, undertake the visitation of his diocese, nnd so furnish himself with all useful information concerning it. — (Acta et Decreta.) Nor, however, is this tho only, or even the prin cipal, motive for visitation. Tho strictness with which the Church enjoins uniformity in rites, prac tices, and the administration of the Sacraments, the exact observance of rule, which sho requires in whatever helongs'to the Divine Sacrifice, sacred vessels, tabernacle, altar,' sanctuary, church, and the edification which results from unitv even in matters not of faith, can scarcely be enforced with out periodical examination into suoh partial devia tions Bs may easily glide in. There may bo wants to be supplied, improvements to be suggested, and many other things done, which the higher au thority of the Bishop may more easily find how to effect. We will not speak of the more serious causes for visitation which may sometimes exist, such as tho laxity of discipline, negligence of administration, or, worse still, erroneous opinions or flagrant vices prevalent in a flock, and grown beyond the ordi nary Priest's correction : because we feel confident that nothing of this sort will bo found in our con gregations. But you will easilv understand how a periodical and searching visitation into tho state of every mission must bo the most effectual method of preventing, as woll as of correcting and checking such alarming evils. Ev«i, however, in the best congregations, this kind, yet earnest enquiry cannot fail to promote exactness of observances, uniformity of practice, zeal of action, the beuuty of God's house, tho splendour of His worship, and the edification of the people. * * * * Wherefore, we have this day issued a decree of visitation of this our archdiocese of Westminster, declaring and appointing it to bo open this day of the dato of our Pastoral, Whit-Monday, Juno 1st. And further, we hereby name and constitute our Episcopal Visitor of our dio»ese the Most Rev. George Errington, Archbishop of Trebizondo. And we have invested him with authority to visit all persons, places, and things, Biibject to Episcopal visitation, according to tho laws and constitutions of tho Holy Catholic Church. In the meantime we exhort our beloved childron in Christ, tho laity of our diocese, to take a lively interest in this solemn proceeding. Although each congregation will have timely notice of tho timo whon visitation will reach its church or chapel, and tho special prayers will bo appointed to bo there recited, wo now invite them to lift up their oyes to the Fountain of light, and tho God of all consola tion, to iinploro His blessing on this good work ; that, undertaken under tho patronago of the Holy Spirit, at this holy season of Pentecost, it may proceed prosperously under His influence, and may bo complotod happily to His Glory. Further, wo inform thorn, that, according to tho express in junctions of our holy Mother Church, they aro to bo disposod and ready, nt such timo of visitation, freely, in tho spirit of charity, modesty, and Chris tian consideration, to givo tho visitor any informa tion, or offor any advice, which rimy bo useful to him iu tho performance of his grave duties. And wo most earnestly and devoutly call down upon it tho special blessing of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen. Having thus, dearly beloved in Christ Our Lord, complied with this solemn obligation of our office, wo proceed to address you a few words on tho ), collection for churches, chapels, and schools, which \- ' . has to bo made, according to annual custom, on . Trinity Suitday. Tho doorep then adverts to tho amount of collec tions lasf'yeiir (£216 17s. lid.) — tho opening of Beven new churches in tho diocoso within the last twolvo montliB j bosides building several schools, nnd tho establishment of the hospital at Blooms bury, under tho Sistors of Mercy who had boon to tho Crimea. Scvoral other works of charity un dertaken aro enumerated, nnd the decreo concludes thus : — Glad shall wo bo, if wo seo your charity, dear childron in Christ, keep paco with theso now efforts to survo onr dear Lord in His poor. Do not think, becnuso God blesses us in tlicso our days with boiiio onjoyment of the fruit of our labours, that thoroforo wo nro seeing tho end of our work. Alas ! no. Wo have long as yet to sow in tears before tho days oomo, if they evor do como on earth, whon wo shall carry our sheavos in joy. Thou lnt us be moro eurncst in doing our work. Wo oxhort you more fervently than ovor; do you ? givo moro freely, and inoro confidingly. For if the Lord is drawing uigher and nighcr to us, lot Him ? sec us so much tho moro watchful, trimming tho . lamp of our faith with the oil of good and chari tablo works. And tho grnco of Our Lord Jesus Qhrist bo with you* nil. Ainon. Given nt Westminster, tho 1st day of June, in tho year of Our Lord MD0C0LVI1. ' N. Caud. Auoiinisuop. .'. ? F. Can. Skaut.e, Secretary. ? , Tho consocratiou of thi Most Rev. Dr. ?;? '-Leahy as Archbishop of Cnshel took plnce iu ? Thurles Cathedral on the 29th June. The proceed ings are most interesting. A full account from the ? Hume papers will be given in our next supplement. 