Thursdray, Jllarcht 5, 1857. A MALVEIRSATING GOVERN MENT. -I Mr. Miller, pursunnt to notice, moved that the house do now adjourn to Wednesday, the 25th March, in order to give time for thile re election of those geontlemcn to whom his Excel. Icncy has entrusted the administration. r There wullld bIe two mouoths salary due to the o public servants to-morrow. and the govern mellt proposed to raise tie Omoney, no thatl Isardship and suffering might not pressson those servants unpaid. The day on which the writs C would he returnahloe was March 16, and the t exeeutive required a week to deliberato on the mneasures they intended to propose to par iiamnll t. Mr. Chapman wished distinetly to under- t stand frot tile hen. mlember for Hobart I Toon (Mr. Miller) if it was the intention of t the ministry to pay tile salaries of tile go vernment ollleersoon their own responsibility ? MIr. Miller retplied that the mlinistry con ceived that the IGtveror had tile power to issle warrants for the payment of tile salaries. MIr. Chapman called attention to thie fact that when le had tile honour to fill a seat on tie late ministerial bench, tile thon. mlem- a hcr for Ilielunosnd, who had asked certaint questions respecting the salaries which Ihad been paid, had said that he would impeach the ministers before the House if he found s they had paid salaries without the sanction I of the legislature. ltut tile ministry of which lie (Mr. Chspman) had the honour to firmn one had not paid those salaries until they had received the authority of tle legislature, as they considered it would be against the i principles of the Constitution to have done so. If the Appropriation Act had been allowed to have passed there would have been no difficulty. WE warn Sir Ilenry Young against a flagrant violation of thle Constitution into which his present omllcil advisers design to trick him. ie Ihas no au thority to issue warrants for the pay ment of at single penny beyond the sums scheduled. Parliament has not provided a fraction for the service of the current year, and whoover shall disburse public money not actually voted, or divert public money to objects different from those to which it is devoted, will do so at Ihis peril. What is tihe meaning of the reserved civil list, by which the salaries of the Go vernor, judges, law officers, Colonial Secretary, Treasurer, and Auditor, are secured, but tiat it should be impossible for tihe legislature to bring the state machine to a complete pause by stopping the supplies. The colony was not trusted with this extreme power ; but without a vote and an appropriation bill, enacted with the usual formalities, not a shilling beyond can be expendedex cept in utter disregard of colonial and imperial law, and for a reason subversive of the first principles of government. In Jcdburgh it is said the ancient practice was First hang and draw, Tllhen try tile law f and tile first. act of the Gregson minis. try is to subject tihe finances to Jed. burgh justice. Against this we enter our protest. If"all the talents" dare not perpetrate a wrong in order to save employees from farther suffering, " all the tubs" should not be permitted to disregard right in order to honor the "abstracts" of the various departments. In that case what becomes of tihe grandiloquent boast that tile Council would not sanction tile Appropriation Bill till the establishments had been reduced to withlin tile borders of the current revenue ? It may be proper at this time to enquire as to what constitutes minis terial responsibility. If Mr. Gregson, presuming on his office, were to walk into Mr. Choapman's dining- room and clear his sideboard of plate, alleging it was required for the public service, he would not be liable to impeachment. Whlatever plea might be used by the premier it would not protect him from prosecution in the ordinary criminal court, and by the usual process. Minis torial responsibility attaches only to TttHE AItUsE OF A TRUSTU'r-TIIu UNJUST US1 ' O A I'OWElr CONFER.ltED IBY TIHE LAW. " If I conntuit to a person," says Constant, " the management of amy fortune, and hIe abuses the trust by transactions obviously hostile to my wish and my interest, lie is responsible: but if he breaks open my strong box to rob me of' It sum of money I hlad not confided to him, he will not be respon sible its my agent, but be punishable for an invasiont of my property." TntAsoN nd tl AIAVEIsAII'rlON are the only two oniflices for wlich a ministry are responsible as seachl, 'IThe former includes an unjust war-its Inismanage ment-dislhonorable negotiations-un necessary sacrIfices in a treaty of peace -the introduction of dnngerous and defective practices in the administration ofjustice, baneful to thie independence of judges or juries, and all other public measures inimical to the state : in thle latter is involved bad financial opera tions, the abuse of public funds, corrup tion in every form, direct or indirect, by pay or place. Treason is scarcely practicable in free colonies, and there fore malversation is the only offence likely to be committed ; and this the Gregson ministry avow themselves pre pared to perpetrate. If the parliament concede or gloss over this violation, the ghost of responsibility will not remain to disturb the machinations of the most flagitious minister. If, therefore, Mr. Gregson, or his treasurer, Mr. Mere death, can raise public money not voted, or apply it to purposes not prescribed with impunity, then to talk of a "res ponsible" ministry, or responsible go vernment, is mere moonshine. If parliament sanction such arbitrary acts, instead of a free government, this colony will have come into possession of an arbitrary and despotic organisa tion, which will in time trample out the expiring sparks of liberty. But we hope better things of the existing legis lature when tile time for action arrives. If it were not so "all promises would be but perjuries, all pledges but snares for the unhappy persons who trusted in them." M. Constant has shown "that the liberty of the press, for instance, can never exist without trial by jury. Written law cannot discriminate all the shades of responsibility. The com mon sense of mankind must decide on tlhem, and juries are tihe representatives of popular opinion." It is not sufficient that the offending ministry should be expelled by a vote of the Assembly; the cause must be carried before a jury, and in our case that jury is tihe Legislative Council. It is before that tribunal tihe "manager" must prosecute his accusation against delinquent minis ters, and it is to be regretted that to tihe Council should have been conceded more power in financial affairs than the Lords exercise. By this means they become partizans as well as judges, and their highest function is apt to be abraded by suspicion. " IIigh crimes and misdemeanors" are the general terms in which an accusation against ministers is preferred, and they are sufficiently comprehensive. The Cham her, in the words of Sedillez, are "a jury paramount, who cannot fulfil their office without being free from all legis lative trammels, and only acknowledg ing their reason and tleir conscience as the rule of their conduct and their decision." Tihe law of responsibility cannot be defined : and hence the abso lute necessity of discretion. Treason deserves death while that punislhment remains in force, but malversation can be met by imprisonment and for feiture. We believe that at the outset of our career in freedom, tihe only safe and salutary course to pursue is to make tile minister who spends what is not voted, or misappropriates what is sane tioned, responsible to tile last fraction, and to confiscate his private property to tihe extent necessary. He has volun tarily accepted power-undertaken vast and complex duties on implied condi tions-ho receives what is considered to be a sufficient reward for the faitlfiul discharge of his office; and if in the opinion of the legislature lie has dis regarded tihe compact and played the despot, he ought to suffer. Tihe first springs of tyranny require to be closely watched if the people would avert a torrent of irreparable evil. " Respon sibility seems to aim at two objects: to withhold the exercise of power from guilty ministers; and by the vigilance of representatives, the publicity of debates, and the examination through a free press of all ministerial acts, to cherish in the people a spirit of enquiry, an habitual interest in the support of the constitution, a constant attention to the affairs of the government, and an animated feeling of political life." We care not one straw who arp in power, so long as they are comnpetent and carry on the government with integrity, economy, and efficiency. It is because we believe tihe Gregson ministry to be an expensive, a dilatory, and a con temptible sham, that we oppose their progress. Time was indispensably necessary to consolidate or re-model the departments of an overgrown govern ment, and less than twelve-monthls trial of tihe Champ ministry was an ab surdity. Nothing has been gained by a change except delay, and tihe avowed intention to violate the solo criterion of responsible government. According to a southern contemporary tihe Grogson ministry constitute the first really responsible mninlstry ; but the primary act they contemplateis the most outrageous of irresponsible measures. A dissolution and general election would only add to the deficit of an exhausted treasury without bettering the condition of Mr. Gregson and Ihis men. 'So far as Launceston is con cerned we have no doubt Messrs. Chsamp, Douglas, and Rogers, would be returned, and if tlero were changes elsewhere they would not enter tile scale of tihe present ministry. Thie first distinctive motion in any circum stance would leave them in a minority. oWe Iope Si'r Henry Young will imitate tlhe conlduct of thle Governor of New South nWales, and refuse to entail tle needless expense of t fresh election on: an inlpoverished country nserely to gratlify'tho baseless aspirations of a set of iselapables, who never did any good to anybody, and who seek to consecrate the detestable plea of' the tyrant-necessity, and prsacieally insist thlat "theo end sanctifies the means." 