THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH, 'The foundation stoneof the new Roman Catho» I licClturoh was Ir.itl yesterday !»v tlie Right Rev. Dr. Gooltl, Bishop of the Diocese, immediately after the celebration of high muss. Several of the most influential of the Church were fn attendance, and a very Jsrgfi portion of the congregation asaembled to witness the ceremony. A magnificent gold trowel was presented on a silver reiver to th Bishop by Dr. Backhait*, and his Lordship then proceeded to spread the mortar in a most work manlike manner, and the mnssivo gtono, enclosing the usual coins and nn inscription, was then low ered into its place. At the conslusion of the cere mony, the Bishop headed a proccssion, which walked round the building, and the congregation then made a subscription, which exceeded a thour sand pounds. We may add that of this amount his Lordfhip contributed L.100, and Dr. Bnckbaus L.500. The church itself is expcctrd to be finished in about five months. It will be 45 feet in width, and 125 feet in length, and tbo contractors for its erection are Messrs. Stnmbuco and Fortune. The cost of tho erection will be L.7000. The founda tion stone contained an excavation, in 'which wns placed the following inscription " Blessed be tlie name of tho Lord, now and for ever mori', Ameu. The foundation stone of this Church dedicated to the Triune God, the Almighty, the nil Rfiml, and the if?"st High, the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, uni?"r the invocation of 8t, Kilian, Bishop and martyr of Frarteonia, in Germany, and a native of Ireland, was laid by his Lordship the Right Reverend James Alipi'.u floold, Bishop of Melbourne on Sunday, the 25th day of January, in the year of Sal ration 1 H.*i7, in the eleventh year of the reign of Pi in i Oth, Bishop of Home, the Sovereign Pontiff of tho Catholic Church, in the 2flth yenr of tho reign of her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England, Ireland, and Scot land, Sir I-Tenry Barclay being Governor of this pro vince, and Messrs. James George, and Joseph Scnheider being the architects and superintendents of the build ing. Most humbly and fervently v?c beseech the all merciful that this undertaking be successful, that tlip honor of God he theroby increased, and that for oeiir turicu to aotnc it assist in the welfare of the Oluisluui oominouwealth, . " Jesus, Jfary, and Joseph." 