BIOOD, IIOIVE, AItU XISAVXY. To the Eilitor of BelCa Life in Victoria. Sin, — Blood, bono, and beauty,' would form a most orthodox toxt for a sporting discourso, and if doliverod by an ablo profcBsor, boforo a diaoriuiinatinff audieuco, could bo bo expounded aa to ontmro an unflagging in torcut in such ti novel subjoct. Your readers must not suppono that I am desirous of infliotiug a long, or windy yarn upon them,' but only the expression of a fow of my own crude idoas, suggested by reading tho written, and hearing tho or»l opinions of numbers of persons who advocate short venus long races, ditto in weights, aud are also sceptical aa to tho juatico of handicapping. What I understand by the terra ' blood' is high spirit, gamencaB in contest, enduranco in difficulties, readiness, and willingness to act at all reasonably Union, good temper, and tractnbility ; thoao qualities in com bination appear to mo to fully oxpress tho meaning of tho word 'blood.' Bono, I conceivo, implies tho propor conformation of tho ako'.oton of tho horso, constructed bo as to produco tho greatest amount of lover powor .whon sot in motion by woll developed muBclo, and will enable him to carry a good weight at a faat paco over a long distnnco. The deep round ribs aro an csBontial point, as thoy allow tho great foodcra of paco, tho heart and lungs full and froo action. For a scicntifio description of tho Bkoloton of tho home, I would rofor your readers to that really invaluablo work ' Tho Horse, '['published by tho Sooiety for tho diffusion of useful knowledge. In it, will bo found portraits, performances, and full desoi iptions of tho mechanism of tho most colobratod horsoa that over ap pearod in England. As a guide, ' The Horso' should be studied by brecdors of all kinds of horse stock. Beauty, a 'grand! feature in tho blood horse, ia un doubtedly tho necossary consequence of a combination of blood and bono ; therefore tho throrough-brcd to bo, and do all that is expected from him, must posso3s the threo grand !indispensiblo qualifications ' Blood, Bone, and Boauty.' . . Now, Mr. Editor, to many tho abovo may appoar moro common nlacc trnisms. but as it materially affects what I am driving nt, I offer no apology for writing it. Many peoplo are for expunging long racos, and heavy woights; for one, I should bo sorry if thoy woro struck from tho racing programme Long racpa, and heavy woighta compel tho nocessity of breeding horses of ' blood, bone, and beauty,' and in liou of such animals our turf would bo inundated with 'Ghosts,' 'Smikos,' and continue us in a gloomy series of ' vain Hopos,' If tho weight-carryingliorao is slow, ho is at onco moro convertible, at a paying price, into a splondid cavalry horso, game and powerful hunter, tho much sought for welter - woight ohorgor, or showy harness horse. On tho contra side, tho mile feathor-weight animal can only be turned into a dandy lignt-woight hack at a prico barely paying for his rearing. Doing away with long raoos and hoavy woights may suit bad judges in breeding and rearing, as they can train their woods with a fair chanco of pocketing the publio money, but tho publio would soon havo aimuBeajof one-milo spirts. Mr. Public likes to see some work for hia monoy. As an oxamplo of ' blood, bono, and boauty,' old Jorrocks, tho votoran hero of tho Now South Wales turf, may bo triumphantly quoted. His timo, always fast; bottom, unquestionable; and his ondurance only ovorcomo by old ^ ago. This living ' hero of a hundred fights' has travollod all ovor tho colony, both by sea and by land, conquering, and occasionally being conquored. He has met hundreds of opponents during his long career, and has broken down some of the high est bred horsoa in Australia. Ho Is now a pot hack in Sydney, tho great admiration of all, to whom his farao is aSjfamiliar as ' household words.' This extraordinary Bon of Old WhiBkor is truly a world's wonder, Quory— How many paddocks full of .lath-and-plaster-brod cattlo ia such a borao worth? ' ? ? ? ?? i Another brilliant specimen of tho threo essentials is found in our own old Petrel : although his podigreo is unknown, his performances provo I113 claim to . blood, bono, and boauty.' Whon at throo yoars old, tho framework that could carry, tho lovor power propol, and tho onduranco that brought homo lOst 71b ovor threo miles and a distance in 0 minutos 7 or 10 aoconds, hard hold, are duly estimated, Polrol may lay claim to bo placed abovo tho common lot of his race, and to havo performod a marvel uncommon in the annals of racing. Sad Potrol had tho luok to havo fallen into good hands in his oarly days, ho would havo provod a socond Jorrocks. '.',..? ; ' ] Trusting thoBo fow ideas may find a place in your sporting columns, I subsoribo myaelf, , TVELTER. N.B. What do you think of aomo of our sporting men locturiug upon tho ' Horeo' generally? Nostor might be induced to ' opon tho ball.' There is a good field boforo him, or to any ono olso who could do justice to tho subject. Booth-holdebs* Pursb ? By an error of tho jprois in our last issue, it waa made to appoar that Potor carried 13 lb. overweight. It should have been tho second horse, Young Jack. Thb Ttop in Tasmania.— A aweepatakes of £300 has been arranged to como off at Longford on the firat day of the racos, bctwoen Mr. Field's Coronot, Mr. Brown's MyBtory,. and Mr. Jordan's Moss Rose. ' - The Giiajipion Raokh.— Mr. Atkinson has matohod Vono (£800 to £1000) to run tho Taamanian horso, Flour- ' do-Lin, three milos over tho Launcoston courso, carrying 0 at. 2 lb.; in February next.— QavXWrn Htrald, Nov. 18th.' ?????'?? ??' .-? '. - ' '?'. ???? .- -? v J ? Bbndioo Spiuno Races.— On referonco to tho ad vortisomont of theso races in our first page, it will bo seen that the Seowards havo, with groat liberality, determined upon increasing tho amount of publio monoy to bp added to tho stakes for Bovoral races. Tho pros pecti of tho ownors of raco horses appear to improvo daily, and wo except that aomo of the cracks ' will bo found at Bendigo to contest the 'good thinga' providod, Tomboy. — Thia celebrated racor was offered at auction on Tuoaday laat, at G. Watson's saloyard. A lona fide offer of £725 was mado for him ; but Mr. Henderson, tho auctioneer, stated that tho resorvo prico was £800, and tho horso would not change owners at a lower figure than eight centuries. Tho ambition of tho company not prompting thorn to furthor unloose thoir purso strings, Tomboy was bought in at £740, and will run at Ballaarat on account of his present ownor, Mr. John Orr. 'Ballaahat Raoes.— Wo find, by an ad vortisomont in anothor column, that tho Stowards of the Ballaarat Racos have dotermined upon giving a fourth day's racing, full particulars of which aro duly announced in tho programme Wo may congratulate tho residents of Ballaarat, and tho visitors to tho races, on tho Stewards having put forth one of tho most liberal programmes of racing that weio over offered to the colonists of 'rTic- toria. Wo fully expect to find tho Ballaarat Mooting bb attractive and more Biiccossful than our laat Molbourno Races. Tho motropolis must look to its laurels. The Tasmanian Ciiallenob.— Mr. Fiold has sent tbo following to Higgoraon, in reforenco to tho tatter's acceptance of tho Tasmanian challenge : — ' Launceston, 17th Novombor, 1857-— Sir, I h&vo; to acknowledge t o recoipt of your letter of tho 7th iiist,, wherein you ao copt my challongo to run a liorto iu conformity with said challenge. Having proposod Mr. William Dodory, of Longford, in Tasmania, as stako-holdor, I should rogrot any necessity for altering such appointment, but I havo no objoction to Mr. Richard Goldsbrough boing joint stake-holder with Mr. Dodory, and tho stakes to be do posited in their joint names in tho Bank of Tasmania. — I remain, Sir, your obedient sorvant, Thomas War. Field. Mr. John Higgorson.' — Launaston Examiner. Nov. 17th. MELDonnNE Hunt Club Dinner.- Tho mooting of members, convoned for Monday last, was duly held at tho Governor Arthur, and thoro wa3 n fair attoudanco of tho club. After a friendly dobato, it waa decided that the annual wind-up dinnor should tako phtco on Tuesday, 8th Docombor]; and HoBt Johnson, of tho Now Bath Hotel, St. Kilda, who is himself a membor of tho M.H.C., waa unanimously appointed tho caterer. All formal arrangements having boon completed, it only re mains for tho club to muster strongly on tho festivo oc casion, and to provo that thoy aro as gamesome at tha malior/any as at othor sorts of timbor. Tho lion. Seo, bogB, through our columns, to call especial nbtico to tho fixture ; and it will bo soon by advortisomont that tickots can bo procured of Mr. M'Candlish, nt Watson's Bazaar. Members con introduce friends. Bendioo SrniNO Races.— A meeting of tho stewards waa held on Tuesday evening, at tlo Shamrock Hotel, and a report was handed in of tho amount roalisod from the salo of tho booths on tho racecourse. A resolution was thon passed, to tho offeot that tho sum cf £125 bo added to the amount of publio monoy advertised in tho original programmo, Tho following are tho particulars ; — Tho sum of £2!) is to be added to tho amount of stake! in oaoh of the following races— tho Maiden Plato, tho Bondigo St. Leger, tho Sandhurst Town Plate, and tho Publicans' Purse. The sum of £10 ia to bo addod to tho Ladies' Purse and tho Haok Hurdle Race, and an addi tional sum of JE6 to the Pony Race, making tho wholo min to bo run for amount now to £000, It is boliovod that this will havo tho effect of inducing tho owuors of first-class horsos to bring thorn forward at tho onsuing Bendigo moot. — Bendigo Advertiser. Ballaahat and Cbeswiok Turp Club.— A mooting of tho abovo was hold on Tuesday evening, T. S. Copo, Esq., in tho obair. Tho chairman road a sot of supplo montary rules drawn up for the purposo of protecting tho stowards and committoo against litigation by por sons raising dinputcs about atakoa. On tho motion o{ Mr. Binated, tbeao now rules woro roforrod to tho com inittoa of the club, to whom it was loft to dotormiuo whether they should bo incorporated with tho forinor code of laws. Mr. Anslow Mien, read a roport of tho Bales effected by him of tho grand stand, ka., and stated that tho gross amount was £039, £21G having been al roady paid in as deposits. Mr, Honry Smith, O.E., thon handed in a plan of tho racecourso, and stated that it exceeded \\\ miles by 24 chains. By altering tho shapo of tho courso to an oval, tho oxaot distnuco of 1J miloa oould bo obtainod. Ho stated that tho ground waB in excollout ordor, Votes of thanks woro then passed to Mr. II. Smith and Mr. Anslow for their aorvicos. Ton dera were Hum opened from Mr. M'Morrow for building a steward's room, £40. On tho inoti'ii of Mr. John atone, it was rosolvod that a fourth day's racos should bo established, the amount of tho prizos and the nroirraminO' to bo loft to the exeoutivo committoo. A disoussiou thon onsuod as to tho locality of tho future meetings of tho olub. Mr. Johnstono proposod that the ineotings should bo hold alternately at tho different hotels on the township.' Mr. Carvor uiovod that tboy bo held oontln ously at Bath's. Tho latter motion was oarricd by a largo majority. A voto of thanks was thou passed to tho chairman and seorctary, and the meeting adjourned; - ., The Newiiarkbt Trial Book. — Porhapa it ia noi *''- genorally known that this incubus of Newmarket has beo^ cheerfully consigned to oblivion by tho ruling powers, and that it ia now possible to train and try the powors of 'horsoa in private without informing tho whole world of tho fact by the entry of tho names ot tbo borrowed animals in tho Trial Jlook—a precaution proper onough in tho time of Charles the Socond, when all England's thorengh brcda wore trained on the Sido Hill, Bunbury Mile, Bury Hill, and the numerous gal lops of tho varying Heath of Nowmarkot, but not so in tho nineteenth contury, whon five- sixths of tho horses aro trained elsewhere, and their owners are obliged te chronicle it in the pagoa of tho Jockey Club Trial-Book. Wo hail this aa an immouao stop to tho restoration o£ the aprinj; and July meetings to the position thoy are ontitlod to take in the Bporting world, as tho abolition of this now useless requirement will no doubt cau«e a greater number of horaoa to bo trained at Nowmarkot, nud create larger ontrioii for tho various stakes. — BelFs Life in London, August 30th. -; The Late SHm.i.vo.— Wo havo rocoived numerous mul grievous complaints from parties whoso balancer. on tho Turf Club racoa havo boen soriously affected by' the default of persons hithorto believed to bo 'good.'' TVo loam that this unsatisfactory state of things ia aggra vated by refuBalB to pay ill somo instances. It cannot bo expected of us that wo should tako upon ourselves to champion all aggrieved creditors of tho Turf ; and [al though wo will always opon our columns to just com plaints of misconduct on tho part of Turf operators ; yet wo cannot at present tako upon ourselves tbo respon sibility of publishing tho names of tho partios com plainodof. We shall return to tho subject next week, if more satisfactory accounts aro not given of ifce wounded and missing, including deserters. ' '.'.-, 