¡REMINISCENCES OF THE DIGGINGS. By WILLIAM HENRY PHILALETHEA. THE GAMBLER. . "Gold-söurco of mighty bledinga, mightier crimes; The statesmen power; tho soldier's . potent . arms; Tho merchant's tool»; tho noble's rank and , stalo; Primo eloment of trito philiinlhrophy; Of deeds or greatness, to tho triso und good i Of covetousness, of misery and crirao". , Truly and faithfully han tho poet pourtrayod tho pawoi ful effects of tb'o beautiful roctnl, known arnon); mortals os gold. Tottering thrones. oscillating on "tho balance .of destruc- tion; dilapidated empires, run£^sunth^by.the_ terrible thunders "of intestine qanrrelaraml san ¡ruinnry revolutions-tlio statesman in Iiis closet -tho orator in the ntsumblyi and tho politician in the arena of utrifa nnd politics; them lniro nJl experienced tho bewitching itifluonce of its potency. How many douds of darknoss, ot the recital of which tho mind instinctively renoils with ;horr.tr, have boen buried in death's dark oblivion by tho mero bosMwnl of a few pieces of gold? How many unhappy creatures, tonie in the bloom and blossom of youth, others mora advanced to years of maturity, and a few verg- ing on tho confines of tho comb, their neilds adorned with the silver lochs of vonerub'o ago, havo been launched into eternity by tho truculent band of tho cowardly assassin, whoso palra was gilded with tho accursed gold, to perform the bloody deed, nt the perpetration of which, his fiendish ompluyor, even shrunk with dismay? " * * * * 'Woitld'st thon win A woman's emito, get gold: (I sa?j get;gold; No matter how, perhaps at the price of fame Of honor, glory mattars not to her 80 th'H thou get'st it ¡would'st thoa ha doceived Wilt tho fond tnoush't »As loves thee show hor gold! And sho will fawn upon theo for thy goldi Will lió and languish in thy arms for gold ! Will pross thy hand and kiss thy lips for goldi Gold! gold! fruitful and fortilo sourco of erimo, what sorrows, what misery, whot iniquity, what unspeakable wretchedness, dost thou entail upon tho human family? And yet there is a peculiar magic about it, which produces a won- derful effect upon the huuiari mind, nnd never perhaps was it moro exemplified than when tho Hrst faint whisperings of our gold discoveries broke full upon the morning air, unit startled us ont of our propriety. How eagerly woro the morning papers perused by anxious thousands panting with breathless impatience to catch hut ¡ a sentence which stated tho how, tho when, and tho whore, ? the gold-the real, unndnlteratcd, pnro virgin gold-was to bo obtained? Who does not reroembsr how mon af till ranks and classes, the husband, the father, the son and tho brother, rushed madly from their homes, forget- ful ot every snciul and domestic tte, infatuated with tho drazling brilliancy of tho (mri »oem fimtit A largo nnggot. or a pocket in a rock containing numberless ounces, they vainly con- ceived wore reserved for their especial benefit ; and in tho dreams nf their broken slumbers they :« fied affluent*, from working men to independent gentlemen, ana candidates for senatorial honors. But who docs not at tho same time remember, how uamhorlcss were the instances in which those glorious depictions of fanciful imagina- tions tinged with gobion hues, were doomed al is ! to grievous disappointment. The writer of these lines knew many à fond father, many a kind and affectionate husband, many a son-his heart full to overflowing with filial lovo, mun/ a faithful and constant lover, on whose susceptible heart waa indelibly impressed the image of tho fair ono- ono day to be his bride-each and all of whom loft their respective happy homos, buoyant with hopo, and elate with expectation, who found a final resting placo-a permanent homo in " tho bourne from whence no traveller returns", at tho vory locality they had hoped fortunes were in store for them. Strange com- bination! Gold and death, linked hand in hand, a mine of wealth, and yet a gravo-tho joyous exclamations of tho successful and tho'agonising moans of tho dying-on' tho one hand a digger, heaping-up riches, but unable to tell who shall gather them, and on tho othor tho spirit of a disappointed'and heartbroken one, ott tho ovo of eatering'tha' dark and unexplored futuro of eter- nity I 'Strange and unaccountable indeed aro -the vicissitudes of haman lifo I " Ohl. who caa »oil »what days,.what nights are; : spent, . Of tidclcss,- wavelesa; sai|lets,shoreless wool . And who can tell, how many, glorious once, To others, and themselves of promiso fall, Conduotcd lo this puss of human thought, This wilderness of intellectual death,. Waited and pined, and vanished from the' earth Leaving no'vestige bf memorial tbero". Twas tho Sabbath-sweet day of rest to us erring sinful mortals—divinely set apart for ces- sation from all toil, and tho month of february,' in'tbeyear 1852, l attendcd divine service in the morning, and listened with reverent attention to a sermon preached in tho weather-boarded building on "Church- hill", on the beautiful and pathetic psalm of David, In which the fragility and uncertainty of human life, are contrasted' with tho immutability of Him in whose presence' a thousand years are but as yesterday. The sub ject was appropriate, inasmuch os the insidious disoase—dysentery, was raging'with great viru- lance among tho diggers, and it was a frequent occurrence to witness three or four mournful cortege's a day, wending their way slowly to the burial ground. ¡ The earlier part of the day, had been cluso -and sultry,'but towards the afternoon the sky becamo overcast with clouds of every shape and hue, protecting- ns from tho scorching- rays of tho san, and tiiking'a book in my hand I strolled meditatively along the right bank of the Turon; 'towards' the hill known- ns " Kallon Hill". On attaining the brow of a slight ominenco a »cone .burst upon my view not easily to he effaced from1 tho memory, nnd which many old Turomtos in ronding' thbse- HnoB, will readily call to mindi Near the junction of "Big Ochre," or Big Oakey Greek, a -large number of diggers had congregated togathor; ami in the contre of what had bean once a sheep yard, two athletic fellows' were battering away at each other, in true pugi listic style, to tho great detriment of the " hu- man face divine," but to tho infinite amusement of the bystanders, who gave vent to their ex- cited feelings by yelling like furies, and which was duly recorded by a brother correspondent as "unmistakeable tokens of'approval." About tito distance of two hundred yards from tho above was a Wesleyan minster surrounded with' a' hundred' or so of diggers, engaged in . prayer, and'tho reading and expounding of tbi Holy Scriptures About fifty yards more to the right was an illicit grog shop, from whence emanated the most horrible oaths and dreadful appalling imprecations, accompanied with songs of tho most disgusting and brutal nature. The various stores in tho intermediate space, as was usual on Sundays, were full of diggers, dispos- ing of their gold and purchasing their weekly supplies. And to tho far left, was a large fu neral .procession on its way to tho cemetery at Sofala. As I stood contemplating the diversified scene extended before me, a sudden flash bf nghtnirig, followed with a sharp clap of thun «w, warned me that a storm waa aypronohlng. Tho rain began to full in largo heavy drops, nnd j ns it was impossible for mo lo roach tho town before the storm would burst. I applied to a bark but, that stood near me for shelter. The only occupant was a man fifty or fifty-five years of ago. Ho was in bod. and I found had been ill nearly two months, witli dysentery., His fea- tures were frightfully haggard and careworn, and the most casual observer would have noticed tho Hour of tlcoth wns visibly approaching. Although he had been ill some time, his votee naturally a paworftil one, had lost little, ir in- deed any of its moroseness, and the few desul- tory observations that passed between us, suf- ficed to shew, that if not nn educated, hp. was at least an intelligent man. At this moment the storm hroko forth with tremendous violence. Tho wind sweeping round the hill nt ibo eastern end of Sofala, blew with terrible fury, the light- ning streamed in. magnificent nnd' brilliant flashes, the-*' aVtilhuy of the heavens" roared' terrifically, and the rain'and'hall descended in torrents. It was nn appalling sight, and called vividly to tho mind, tho whirlwind and storm, thal swept nero's* tito mountain of Sinai, when the still small voice of tho High and lofty Ono, that inhobiteth eternity, held converge with the prophet Klijnh. I ombraccd the opportunity of directing tlio attention of the individual before, and «lioso hours on earth were numbered, to that boing " who rideth npon the wings of the wind", "who holdoth the waters in tho hollow of hts hand", but who in all lils grandeur, views with compassion and pity his fallen and simple creatures. When I had concluded, ho ob- served, " I have been unaccustomed to .bo addressed in snob language as that tn which you have jost given utterance. Believe me, your words writhe j within mo like agonies of insufferable flame, they 1 almost strangle mo, as if they were snnkes from hell coiled around my throat. Tfyou only knew tho sufferings man, yes my fellow man, has com- pelled me to undergo, tho miseries I have had to j endure-flogged, starved, cut, lacerated, worked [ until death and judgment were preferable to thu unspeakable tortures my wrctchod body hnst>een subjected to. you would, I am sure, he inclined to question with mo tho existence of a God, or if there is such a being, he is not so just, so im- partial, as you and others represent him"! So violent and frightful wore tho contortions of his features, occasioned by tho terrible em- phasis with which he spoke, that I became se- riously alarmed lest death would follow. Ho quickly, however, becamo calm and collected, and 1 endeavoured to make him understand that tho unequnl distribution of rewards and puttixtiment.s in this world was no proof of his Creator's injustico or non-existence; but on tho contrary, rather strong presnmptivo cvidenco, that there is an horeafter beyond the grave, where irrespectivo of class or distinction, ouch individual ronn will roceivo his just and equit ahlo reward, *'for tho deeds donn in tho body whether they bo good or whether they ho bad". Becoming interested in tho fate of the unfor- tunate man, I requested him to give mo the par- ticulars of his history, so far as his strength would allow. He made no objection, but seemed rather pleased than othorwiso. That nn oppor- tunity was afforded him nf placing Iiis career on record, as in ranking tho request I deemed It rightto inform him.that ns soon as circumstances would permit I should give his statement pub- licity. - - ; - . There issomething solemn -profoundly solemn in tho thought of a fellow oroatttro on tho brink of tho gravo reviewing his past life; relating overy incident with mathematical precision, me- mory calling np in long abd Sad review, every unkind word, every ungenerous thought, trifles light as nir, ns well as events of greater magni- tude, and when alt is collapsed in tho tale of a few brief, fleeting moments. Bat how much moro solemn and impressive when the lifo so reviewed, has been devoted to vice nnd crime, tho mind brutalixed, tho noble faculties with which the Creator endowed lt, burled in tho lowest depths of degradation, not a singlo ray of intellectual light ever havint» illumined ono of its «lark chambora; and thu soul-tho precious imperishable, and immortal saul, an tho eve of appearing in the awful prosonco of its great and immaculate judgo, unclean, unholy and impure, and to rcceivo its final and irrevocable doom, nmong tho dark end dismal regions of tho last. lt was with such thoughts as these, and with tho storm still rajjino: furiously, that I sat down by tho rude bed-side of tho dying man, and listened Attentively to tho followintr narrative. I "I waa born in tho emporium of tho world tjonrlon,-tho miniature of tho t»lobo-tho great Babylon of the nineteenth century-tho envy of surrounding nations-tho admiration of tito world. No matter what our position or circum- stances in lifo, whether wealthy or poor. Ignorant or loamed, virtuous or depraved, wo love to dwell upon tho homes of our fatherland, the scenes of our carly associations. liven the savage loves his native homo, and pays reveren- tial adorations to tho grand traditions of his raco and tho noble exploits of his military chief, who led his ancestors to death and Victory. Although my life hus bcon full of troubles and privations, and I have had to undergo all the pains, tho poriln, and the sufferings of tho oxilo, still the name of England-the land of ray birth- evokes a multiplicity of thoughts and emotions quito indescribable As I bavo laid on this bed, with tho grnvo yawning beforo rou, retrospecting my chcqnorcd career, tho vonernted isle of my native homo has orinen to c.ill forth many painful reminiscences. Ob, England I England, on your classic Boil repose the ashes of those who denied mn the name of parent, never again shall I I chold your white cliffs, yourgreat cities, your noble edifices, your gigantic seats of learning, where farms commingle with the clouds of beaven, your veneràblo cathedrals, your mag- nificent rivers with verdure clad banks, all must now recado from my view, .and ho lost in tho oblivion of otornity. But forgive this digression from ray history. Who, or what, my paronts wore, I am unable to tell,.inasmuch as ( novor know them; and. although I endeavored for years to ascertain tc whom I was indebtod for my existence, all my efforts proved unavailing and abortive, except a letter which I shall hereafter givo you. 1 was nurtured and brought up. in ono of those dnrk and pestilential rogionB analagous to JACOB TOLANO, so powerfully and graphically described by the living Shakßporo of his age, in his ad- ventures of OLIVER TWIST. My associates, as far back as mumory will carry me, wore men of most ferocious aspect, and vile and villanous in their nature and women of tho most aban- doned and profligate description;' yet, on many occasions, that memory now vlvialiy recalls, | was treated by them with great kindness and consideration. Ono who had moved in tho higher walks of life, but who had lost his posi- tion and fortune by a reckless course of dissipa- tion, profligacy, and debauchery, taught me to read with fluency, and write with ease; when a fever followed a violent cold, watched and nursed me with the fonder solicitude of a parent. Indeed, what I experienced sufficed to show that among tho most wicked and evil-disposed, there is always found a remnant of humanity, which time and circumstances' invariably develop. Trained in vice, mured in iniquity, and thoroughly educated in crime, I "frequently made my debut at tho Police Office; until I became quite a London notoriety. As a necessary part of my education, I was early initiated into tho mysteries of the art. (for,mich I deem it) of "gambling",-and so great "was. tho attention I devoted to it, and the progress I made, that 1 now was in a position to instruct my pre- ceptors. It became to me what alas, it has become, a will-o'-tho-wisp-a Maelstrom whirl pool from which escape is. impossible, and destruction inevitable-tho first step to thc hulks-tile ladder to tho gallows. You' may reclaim, and restore tq virtue and honor thoso whom circumstances have compelled to bo out- casts from society, and who violated the laws of of the laud because they were not otherwise instructed; but nat so with one who is involved in tho vortex of gambling. At) well attempt to impede, the progress of tho fiery comet in his erratic course through infinite space, ss to avert the progress of tho gambler. Iiis senses are so completely lost in the delirium of the game, that ho heeds not tho terrible warnings occa- sionally given, but presses onward and onward, winning nnd losing, until he insults the sove- reign majesty of thu law, and ia condemned to. condign punishment, or sinks into forgetfulness, "unknown, unhouorcd, and nnseoji". i To got money to pursue my -maddening'., .infatuation, t became my chief and only study, and 1 hesitate" not to affirm, that no crime , was too" hellions I would not commit, no scheme, however hazar- dous, too desperuto, I would not carry into effect, to obtain thereby "gold". And not only was it so with mo, bnt it is tho caso in every instance, scarcely -without exception, whero the same arch-demon is enthroned, beforo whoso withering blnst the virtues that dignify tho man, honor, integrity, uprightness, and industry, yes and religion, shrinks abashed. Heavens! what scenes have I nat witnessed in tho prosecution of my infernal vice-tho orphan robbed of his patrimony-tito widow hopelessly deprived of her slender inheritance-tho fatherless made destitute, helpless, and beggars-and the ploding industrious tradesman, reduced to bankruptcy, often compolled to seek a temporary abode within the sombre walls of a prison. It is said, and with much truth, that "misfortunes mako us acquainted with strnngo bedfellows"; and it certninly moy be said, with equal truthfulness, that gambling brings you in constant association with men of all ranks nnd classes. Toa will, therefore, not he surprised when I toll yon that men of high rank and dignified station, have frequently been my boon companions ; and I always experienced a sort of fiendish satisfaction in sitting side by sidn with young lords and aristocratic boobies, and clutched with savago exultation tho gold I had won from their appa- rently never failing, purses. But ill- gotten gain, bo it ever so profuso, invariably disappears like snow beforo thc genial rays of tho sun. like an avalanche rushing with lightning velocity down the precipitous sides of tho Alps, and leaves its lato possessor miserablo and wretched beyond conception. My winnings flow, I knew not how. I ho camo straightened in my resources. Gold I wanted, gold I craved for, and poid I mnst have. How? was tho prohlotn to ho solved. : It was a dark November night; enveloped in the folds of ii clonk, I left thc hmso I had dignified with the nanto of home, desperation visibly impressed on overy linc of my features. Tho unceas'iDg din and noise so familiar to tho ear of a Londoner by day, was comparatively hushed nnd still. Hesperus displayed her beauties in the western »ky, and tho countless worlds that deck tho vast ethereal vault, with meteoric Mars - brilliant and rubicund ns when immortal Say resisted the valliant armies of Grecco-each and all shone forth their great Creator's power. But what woro these to such a wretch ns 1? Tho ."very name of God" was sacrilege on my lips .in these day.', much 'less cónld I admire with" reverence, the grandeur of his worVs and the wonders of his universe. Thoughts deep, durk, and terrible, whirled through my brain, as I proceeded on my way tn the gambling school. 'Twas gold I wanted, 'twas gold I craved for, and gedd I must and would have. I reached my destination in a state of foverish excitement. Tliore wcro numbers present, nil intent upon tho game that infatuates but not enriches. I was not long in discovering that there were two othors similarly situated to myself. They once were rieh-im- mensely rich; but their riches had taken eagle's wings and flown away. I conversed with them, and found thom ready to join mc in a desperate expedient to better onr condition. Among those who had had a turn at winning, was a young gentleman nbout twonty or twenty five years of age. His countcnanco was finely fumed, open and prepossessing, and thero was a total absence .of those external indications thnt ro distinguish tho dohauchco and profligate. He had won this evening to a very great extent, and tremble not when I toll you ho was the victim destined'that night to be immolated at thoshrino of accursed gold! We left tho house ono at a time, to avert suspicion, and concealed ourselves in a dark am! secluded archway. Until he passed. Wo wore not long beforo a footstep arrested our attention, lt was the young gentleman, whistling ns ho walked, n lively air. Oh, how I shudder nt the vivid recollection of this diabolical deed! But hush! bo comes closer'and closer! Now then, strike! nnd in an instant a stiletto pierced his bosom. There wai a shrill, sharp shriek, a heavy fall, a slight convulsive shudder, and all that was mortal alone remained. Tho vital spark had fled! To rifle .the pockets of tho murdered man was but tho work of a few , moments; hut judge of our chagrin and horror, when we discovered that "all" ho had on his person was a small silver coln of the "value of sixpence". I rushed frantically from tho spot, musing, swearing, and invoking tho most terrible denunciations on my. head. My'brnin seemed on i Arc, and I fancied mysolf metamorphosed into a ! flood of tho infernal regions, let loose to devastate nnd destroy. I remembered no more: > I fell senseless on tho ground, where I remained until the following morning, whore, I afterwards ascertained, benevolent strangers conveyed me ! to their homo a raving maniac. For days I lay on my bed, raving as only Mends can rave, while the spectre of the murdered man danced, like I Btinnuo's' ghost, constantly beforo my vision. At length tho demon left me, and when ? reason rei gained her usurped throne, and I enquired where 1 was, a sweet angelic creature, like an ethereal messongor, wits hovering o'er my head. Tho ! melodious intonation of her silvery voice, as she I related, with much pathos, how I was found, I what I lind suffered, nnd how dangerous lind ¡ been my condition, sounded like the music of some spirit of the regions .of the blessed; and her assiduous care and attention tended more to renovato my shattered frame, than all the myste- rious draughts of Esculaplns. As time progressed I gradually recovered, and my first enquiries' wero directed to the many strange events tbnt dally and hourly occur In the I metropolis. . I soon gleaned that my twp confe- derates lind been arrested, hud admitted their guilt, and awaited their trial in Newgate ; while it was strongly conjectured I had committed suicide. So neon ns my health warranted, l ieft tho honse where I had experienced so much kindness, and proceeded to my former abodo. Tho Inmotos were greatly bewildered at seoing mc, having supposed I lind gone never to roturn. You wonld naturally supposo recent events would have hnd some effect pt] my future career; but no, tho same doslre for gambling. haunted mo, and I embarked in it as madly as over. The little tho kind friends who bad rosnaed mo from tito jaws of death had placed at my disposal, had been won from me, and once moro I was all but penniless, and bett an to contemplate what expedient I should resort to, to fill the vacuum nf my pnrso. To abandon the broad easily accessible road of vice, to carn ray living by honest industry to'Torbako idlo nnd dis Roluto companions, nnd glide smoothly nlong the .paths of virtue and honor, was moro than my vitiated, natur'o would allow,' So alluring wero tho pleasures of vice, so fascinating the nocioty ', of brethron in' iniquity,' (hat I fonnd myself ca twirlod io n vestes, from which escape wu ut ; crly impossible Occasionally in «ober moment the spiritual nature would predominate over the mere animal, but no sooner, did thoughts, grave nnd serions, parade themselves before my dis- torted imagination) no sooner did the still small voice of conscience tell me what I might have j been and ought to have been, than away I rushed to banish all in Hie 'dazzling allurement of the gambling table. But despise not my weakness; condemn not my folly, more especially when you remember that human nature is an agglomura tlori of inconsistencies,- that circumstances make tho mah, arid not mnn'. the circumstances. Walking through one of tho streets that ex- tend towards the eastern-suburbs of London, I noticed a house of somewhat fantastical exterior,. ¡rt which'I gathered, resided a miser. At the door stood an unfortunate woman with an'in- fant in her arms, and beside;hor two little-girls, clothodin rags, and farn^Wpg for food, suppli- cating with bnrhîrîg tears] for rtsalstáncó: to ease tho bitter, gnawing pain .of hunger, even if it were bat tho crumbs that fell from his table. But tho greedy, grovelling hoarder spurned thom contemptuou-ly from hisjthreshi'dd, uttering the most bitter invectives that such pests and nui- sances ns' starving mothers and children, were not exiled by the Government to tho cold, bleak cliffs of Labrador, or tho eternal snows ol Sibel ia anil closed his door muttering something about "discretion!' in.tho next bestowal of his vote. I gave tho wretched mather u portion of what I hud, and determined that night to enter the house and deprive tho miser of his gold. As soon, as nature s funeral jail o'erspread the vost pyramid of buildings, I proceeded to carry into effect my plan; I carno to what I supposed to be the residence of tho miser It was a two story building, all below was dark and gloomy, bnt ia the window of one of tho uppor apart- ments, a light was still glimmering. This I deemed to be his principal room; this the re- ceptado of his untold .treasures. You do not rea ni ro to bo told by.tno how tho prospect of gold, he it ever so slender, stimulates nnd e.xoitcs. ! livery moment T waited for tho extinguishing I of the light, appeared an hour. Tho clocks of f the metropolis pealed forth mournfully tho hour j of twelve, tho doleful monotonous "all's well" j of thc mighty guardians vibrated atong thc long I vacant.street?, and still tho light remained. It I was nearly three in the'raoraing before tho light finally disappeared, and I then made roy entry into the house, and proceeded as softly as pos- sible to the room in which tho light had been bnrning. In groping about to find if it had any occupants, 1 came to need, which I found vacant. A number of chairs wiro distributed hero and there, and I at length esme to what I considered a box. which had an exceedingly glossy surface. Thc lid was removable with ease. I moved it gently on one sido, pnt in roy hand, and mer- ciful God! I c'utchedá corp/'! I had made n terrible mistake, bad entered tho wrong house, and the lights I had waited so long and patiently to disappear, were the usual nightly accom- paniments of the dead. An indescribable sen- sation carno over mo. I fell' senseless on the floor, tho corp«e and its coffin falling on me with an awful crash 1 The whole of the ¡amates of tho lrmso were aroused from their beds, terror stricken at the appalling phenomena in the chamber of death. What followed, when they entered tho room and discovered' how tho hallowed remains of some near and dear rotative, had beon basely desecrated by a midnight marauder, hnfHc« description. A watchman called to inquire tho causo of tho strange dis- turbance, and when bc ascertained the house had been forcibly entered, the aggressor found on tho promises, and recognised in mo an old offendor, I was at once arrested and conveyed to tho nearest watch-house. For tho offence I was tried and sentenced to banishment for 14 years. Two days after roy trial, tho governor of the goal placed in my hands a letter, I have pre- served it ever sinco, and now leave it in your hands. I give a v*rb script, which was written ia a neat nnd careful I hand, merely omitting tho names of the parties. "I : London, March 3ÍHb, 1P3-i F-s XT-y,-In looking over the TimesA of this morning, I notice tho. report nf your' trial and conviction for forcibly entering tho 1 premises of M--, in 6trcet, accompanied with circumstances of the most horrifying nature Aa your name appears familiar to me, and I was previously in (possession of ninny of tho incidents of your career, as given by ono of tho detective officers at tho request of the lenrncd judge, I wns induced to mako very strict in- quiries to ascertain your hirth and parontage. In a great montura my efforts have been suc- cessful Your father (now no moro) was an es- teemed friend of mine, and your mother was a young girl, with whom he wns deeply and pas- sionately in love, and who in an unguarded moment, sacrificed her virtue to tho indulgence of their mutual passions. She mysteriously dis- appeared from his view,.and never again was ho pormitted to behold her; and, although he tried every means which money and ingenuity eould invent to discover her whorcibouts, all were un- successful. At length ho received an anonymous lotter, informing him that the object of.his search had been delivered of a son. and had died three days nfter; but not a syllable was breathed of her strange and unaccountable con- duct. Tho name of your father had been given you by thoso who brought you up, and of course attracted his attention;' but ho was unable thoroughly to satisfy hirosolf that yon woro the frtiit of bis first and only love, and consequently did not act towards you as ho otherwise would have done. . You doubtless will bo surprised, perhaps shoot cd,-for 1 cannot believe you do- i void of all feeling-when I toll you .that the ! house you broke into was that in which your father resided ; be had died two days previously, i I and it was " his corpse",yon grnspod, in oxroc [ tatton of its being , the ^miser's treasure. You j ! mnst excuso tho ambiguity of a portion -of the j abovo, as your present circumstances preclude ; mo from being moro explicit. 'I will odd, how- ever, thnt yon father, shortly before his death, was plscnd in possession of evidonco which proved incontestably so, that tho tale of your mother's death was a mare fiction; but her Hub sequent history and. fate is still wrapt in Impo netrable obscurity. In conclusion, I have to re 3nest, that on your/arrival nt your ultimate estimation, you will immediately furnish mo with your address,; inasmuch , as in your father's will ampi1* provision ts modo for you, in the ovont of its being satisfactorily proved you aro his real bona fi de son. I nm,&c.;, VI. B. K--N. Tn conformity with thu terms of ray sentenco, I arrived in this ennntry. Conviotism. was. then in its zenith. Tho triangles, and tho lash greeted you ns yon landed on ' the shore, and followed you throughout tho louth and breadth of tho territory. . On every farra and; station, with ono .or two praiseworthy exceptions, the unfortunate prisoners, groaned under one of tho most, cruel and oppressive Bystems of tyranny, that over [ perverted human "ingenuity brought into requi- sition.' Men were looked upon and fronted as brute beasts: and yoked and worked as such, in making ronds, cultivating paddocks, and clearing tho primrevnl forest under the terrors .of tho bloorfclntted lash. And ...those who under..such n barbarous system of cruelty, have amassed wealth, and created themselves petty despots of largo..and extensive tracts of. country, now parado, t.hemselves^oforo the public ns paragons of vir.t.no, Australian Aristldoses,-, and emerge from .their blood stained retreats, to claim tho " sweet v.bieo, of election," In order to bring their infamous deeds beneath tbs badge of senatorial ' wisdom. Verily1,' the narrien of such men shoutVl for ovar ba branned with infamy, and handed down to posterity as fit associates with that of Robcspeirro.,. The mind is onablo to conceive, and tho pen unable to};dcBorlbe, the frightful sufferings prisonorshavoendured in this country. There is no romance or. fiction' about it; all is real, stern veritable reality; andi tho lacerated shoulders, and tatoocd backs, of many, tb this day, attest the truthfulness of my declaration. We look nt- America, and point with ineffable scorn thc finger of derision nt her slave system, tho only dark spot on tho otherwise stainless escutcheon; and forget that we ourselves, not long ago, tolerated, aye, sheltered with British bayonets, .à systorn as .brutal, as degrading, and ! ncc-mnnnied with' the ¿rodal? unheard of cruelties. . . ' . lt happened to~be my riot to ho assigned to ono of tho greatest tyrants in tho colony, but who isnow one.of.tbo haughtysquntocracy, and ta sapient'-'senator inf (ho {.egi^ative. Council :(|852). ? Housed tb consider, it- a. capital joke to send ono of his mon fifty miles with a note toa magistrate, and the purport of thenoto was to tho effect, that ho was to give tho benrer fifty or one hundred lashes, and send him back. Tho un- suspecting victim was quickly affixed to the triangles, and received the ono hundred lashes, and, ns if theso]'ficndish masters, delighted nt beholding the most eqxisite torture, they bathed the mutilated shoulders of tho unfortunate 'mao with strong brine I will not trouble you wlth'the wholo of tho sicily details of my. sufferings. while with my mastbr. Nor can gather what they partially were when I tell you that I recoiled no fewer than 750 lashes. Ho suffered one man to die, while the degtnding punishment was being in- flicted, and oven niter the breath was ont of bis body he brutally ordered tho flagollator to pro- ceed. And when I behold such a roan thc re- cipient of wealth and honours, can I believe that God is just, or visits with righteous retri- bution. Those who mako such havoc of the works of his hands? T once, and only once, re : monstroted «Uli roy employer on the severity of his treatment; and for my insolence, as ho termed it, ho tied rae hand and foot, and plnced mo on an ant-bed, and kept mo thoro tho wholo : of that night. Ohl the excruciating agonies of that night!. Tho tortures of tbo rack and thumb- screw sink' into insignificance when compared i with what I endured. Ton may deem such a proceeding as the above | incredible, but Ï cnn assure you, on my dying word, it is perfectly true. And when men have turned bushrangers, have murdered themselves, or murdered others, to put an end to their sufferings,-you can readily imagine how acute must have been their anguish. However, I got clear from my detestable ornployer, after consi- derable trouble. I soon earned abundance of money for myself, but could not, for tho lifo of mo, restrain my propensity for gambling! Tn tho course of time the gold was discovered, and I of courso tried my fortune at gold digging. I havo done well, but gambling has taken it all from me, and Providence, in his inscrutable) wisdom, has deemed it wise to prostrate me on tho bed of sickness, from which I, am 'novor to nriso. I feel sensible the hour of my dissolution is nt hand, and am quite reconciled to pass through tho dark valley of the shadow of death. The grave bas no terror for nie. Often have 1 courted doath, but it has shunned mc... The yawning abyss is now waiting to recivc, and' the great and criminal criomy of man is ready to clutch mo in his cold ombrace. If in the course of your peregrinations, you should ever see or hoar of bim by whom tho letter just handed to you was written, yon will, I trust, kindly impart to him the particulars of roy history, as just given. I never wrote to him, for I made up my mind sternly to refuse the acceptance of a farthing from him, who refused rae the name of-" father." * . * * . Three days after, as 1 was shooting, in the same direction, I met a coffin being.borne on tho shoulders of four diggers to tho Sofala burial ground - it contained tho mortal romains of him whoso narrative is given nbove. A small block of wood, rudely carved, and bearing the initials F. II., was written at the- head of tho grave, to mark tho spot where repose tho 'ashes of "TUB fíA»mr.É8." '.. ' _. . 