ifötn tug. I FBEKCHMAN'6. - The question of tbs junction, which has so long occupied the Sebastopol miners, still remains unsettled, : but as the workings progress, and the con- fluence of the two leads becomes more im- minent, the interest grows in intensity. It j is, or will be, the one great bone of con j tention between the men of Frenchman's and White Horse, and will not be got over, we expect, without a few noisy barnies upon the matter. For some time past, the impression has been, that the junction would take place about the parallels of the United Miners' and the Golden Horn com- pany, but upon more recent indication* there is little doubt but that it will happen before the lead has been traced as far as that. According to the present show of the gutters in 48, Frenchman's and the Leviathan, White Horse, it would seem that the two gutters join in the parallels of the Kangaroo and El Dorado on Frenchman's White Horse respectively. Bet weeu these two companies there appears to be a regular race to see which shall reach the gutter first ; each being ou the xeef, and driving hard and and fast for the deep ground. The Kan- garoo Company on Frenchman's, have in- troduced some novel features into their system of working, and they are very sun gaine of vrinaiag In the race with theil White Horse El Dorado neighbors. The wags in the Kangeroo chaff their White Horse competitors in the El Dorado, and say that if they get the gutter first, thej will rig a bran new flag, representing Í White Horse flying like mad before f Frenchman mouuted on a Kangaroo, i few days will now decide the gutter mattel one way or another, in all probability as the Kangaroo boys have now onl; a score or so more feet to go. Thi angular piece of ground between the ap preaching gutter, is traversed by the parallel of the Redan Company, whose shaft reefe on the White Horse side, from which the are now driving for the Frenchman's gutta alongside of the White Horse gutta", havin actually got black clay on the White Hon side of their drive. This contiguity to & White Horse gutter, while the White Hon parallel holders themselves are yet sinking < driving for the same spot, has led the Beda Frenchmen to desire to assist in determinii the character of the White Horse gutter, proceeding the While Horse men would,1 course, decidedly object to. The novel pi sition of the two companies is likely to let to a little difficulty, and Mr Wa the surveyor, will be at the Lot Court to-day most likely, to obta an opinion from the Court as to the bf course to pursue under the cireumstano The Bedan men say, " We are down cit to the White Horse gutter ; why may wet take out the White Horse walls as we 1 first on the ground?" They apply to 1 surveyor, sud ask him to go down and mi sure off the said walls ; but he, like an hon man, says " No, I must first get an opini from the Local Court, for it seems to me tl the course you propose is not a fair one, a if not opposed to the letter, is certainly ct trary to the spirit of the regulations." A 60 we think most certainly. The walls neutral ground have ever been regard as the property of the para holders whose ground abuts there and for the men, not only of ot claims but of another lead, to come 1 remove them would, it seems to us, be dishonorable as it would be unjust. 1 is, however, one other of the m things which have never been forest and therefore never provided for by Local Court, and this affair will sut them with material for additional cogitai and legislation. The Redan Comp 'are 315 feet deep, and have a drive of some 160 feet towards the gutter. No. next to the Redan east, have proved gutter up to the Redan boundary. United Miners are through the third ri and puddling up for the second time, t first puddling having given way. There tremendous flow of water in this claim. Working Miners and adjoining comp« are getting up larger pipes for the p; -pipes of a 6-inch bore being fbunc be too small for the body of watei be lifted. The daims ahead are in first stages, and axe mostly either wai for the arrival of engines, or preparin erect those already on the ground, boring experiment under Mr Elder, in Albion Company, is going on very su« fully. The second bore is down nearly feet in the hard second rock. The was commenced about three weeks ago, has been worked night and day ; four taking the bore at a time by quarter 1 shifts, other four relieving. The gre depth bored in any one day was in the rock, when the bore came upon a Ix soft stuff m the rock and slipped thr< sixteen feet in one day. WHITE HOKSE.-The Leviathan clai turning out very well, and the shareho calculate upon netting a very hand sum per share. The gutter has proved to the western boundary, ax perfectly dry; the shaft at the time is leaky enough, so the have their complement of ' nevertheless. The drives in this chun about the finest on the hill. Spacioui well timbered, they afford very snug ' ing and comfortable promenades to underground delvers. The height oi main driv about UK feet, and the \ ame seven or eight feet ; this claim bot mming dead on the gutter. The next ¿¿nany, 40 to 44, abo expect to he dead "a to it, Md that in a day or two only, as they are now in black clay. From the fact 0f ¿ie Bedan men hartog touched black day in their drive, and the Eldorado reefing Mtenty feet or so too shallow, the gutter ia sent nearer Frenchman's, and the point of junction, according to present show, would be within fifty feet o£ Bridget's butchers* shop. There w*? a meeting of committee t day or two since with respect to the junction, and we believe that some steps are toeing taken to stop proceedings on White Horse beyond the Leviathan. It ia expected that tile Burveyorwill make an application on the matter before the Local goort to-day. The Golden Horn Com- pany alongside the Registry Office, are still driving, and occasionally Wisting in the hard reef. Their drive is now not far from 200 feet in. Beyond this claim the workings on the line are by no meaas in an advanced state, «adare no doubt jensibly affected by the expected: junction of the two leads. TERRIBLE.-This line has very nearly given up the ghost, and has been in an awfully languid way for a long time past. Amal- gamated 10 to 15 found the gutter so poor that after hauling up and washing a hundred loads, and getting therefrom about £100 clear, they gate up in disgust. Claise 16 to 20 are now the only ones working, and are in the hands of an amalgamated party. Their ground is paying better, and from the show of the staff hitherto the men engaged expect to get remunerated. REDAN.-There is capital news about this lead, and a rush and increased value of shares prove that new times are come to the lately so quiet Redan. The new state of things has jj vu brought about by the extraordinary rishness of the gutter in Finn's claim by the creek side. This party, who have had so much trouble and labor in reaching the gut- ter, having sunk several shafts, and encoun- tered many difficulties, are now in a fair tray for being amply repaid for all they have gone through. The yield of the wash-stuff ii proving to be much better than their most sanguine expectations. One machine lately yielded 4 lbs. weight, another 6 lbs., and the last turned 12 lbs. 8 ozs., namely, ll lbs. in imall gold, and li lbs. in nuggets. Thus about £1000 have beeu realised from three machines of 6tuff. This has very naturally led to a thorough rush for shares, and an increased activity along the whole lead a-head ; the miners now especting that the line will rival in rich- ness any of our best. Shates that in the Great Extension Company 42 to 67 were worth onLy £8 or £10 a month ago, are now worth £40. A half sleeping ballot share has fetched £65, and £40 has been refused for a sleeping half in the Golden Gat!» 30 to 41. The Engine Company 15 to 19 are the first on the hill west of the Creek, and have got a part of their ma- chinery on the ground. Finn s party are daily expecting the arrival of a fine new engine, and a Cornish party have taken to the abandoned claim next east of Finn's, and are erecting an engine there also. The Great Extension Company and the Red Lion Company, encouraged by the success of the borers in the Albion Company, Frenchman's, are about to commence bor- ing for the gutter. The former Company are manufacturing their awn apparatus, and the latter have employed Mr. Tynan. Mr. Elder was solicited to superintend the operations, but we understand he has de- clined, and the Redan men will be ready to commence on their own hook in a very few diiys-on Monday next probably. Claims are registered now up to 77, and a meeting lakes place on Saturday, for the purpose of concocting measures for commencing work in the highest numbers. 