A CASE FOR INQUIRY, (From Yesterday's Argus.) Elsewhere we have transferred from the columns of the Ballarat Star to our own, an article calling attention to some very equivocal circumstances connected with a recent sale of Crown Lands at Castlemaine. Assuming that our contemporary has been correctly in- formed upon the subject, the case is one which calls for immediate inquiry ; and if the result of that inquiry should be the establishment of a charge of collusion between the district sur- veyors and the fortunate purchasers of this extensive, and well-situated tract of land, the whole system of land surveys must be subjec- ted to a rigid scrunity, and its proved abuses promptly and vigorously weeded out. The existing facilities for the acquisition of land by small capitalists are no so great or so numerous that we can afford to have them curtailed by the misconduct of functionaries, salaried by the public,but subserving the sel- fish ends of private individuals . The evils and imperfections of a defective Land Law should be mitigated and modified by the liberality and sagacity of its administrators, not exaggerated and rendered more obnoxious by the indiscretion or malirersation of subordinates. In dealing with a question of so much importance as the survey and sale of the Crown lands of this colony, it is not merely expedient but imperatively necessary that every officer in the department should be above suspicion as well as above reproach, and that wherever grounds, real or apparent, exist for suspecting an officer to have been guilty of dereliction of duty they should be thoroughly sifted, and the culpability or blamelessness of that officer incontrovertibly esta- blished. • The allegations of our contemporary, supported as they are by circumstantial evidence, are sufficient to justify the institution of an inquiry, the worst results of which to the individuals implicated could not be more prejudicial than would be the denial of such inquiry to the Government. \------------00----------------- KINGOWER NUGGETS.—Two nuggets were brought in on Wednesday to the Back of Australasia from Kingower. The Largest was ounces, 18 dwts, and the other weighed 71 ounces, 17 dwts,in all 442 ounces 15 dwts., or about £1,800 worth.The large nugget was flat, and measured about 15 inches long and 5 inches broad. The Lucky finders were an old man and his boy and another mate.The large lump was found at the depth of 9 feet only and the other at a similar depth a small distance off ,in company with a snug lot of nice shotty gold.- Ballarat Star. FEMALE SERVANTS WANTED.—The De- uiliquin correspondent of the Border Post writes:—Mrs.Chisholm might take a trip up and down these rivers, and she might bring two or three hundred well-selected girls with her for service: she could locate them,in propria persona, with the settlers' families. She and they would be well received,and the services of her protegees would he very acceptable to the residents of a very extensive and a very agreeable part of the Australian bush. People feel it to be no satisfaction when they pay nine or ten pounds for the passage of a servant-girl brought up from Melbourne to these parts overland. These girls are open to all kinds of temptation on the road; they seldom stay long in their first place, as some gallant swain among our rural population manages to persuade the girl that she would be much happier in the married state, and they get married accordingly. SHEARING—Shearing operations are now very general throughout this district, and on some stations all the flocks are shorn. We hear that the price driven per 100 for shearing is 16s—Portland Guardian. DEATHS IN THE BUSH.—" Barney, the blacksmith," whose supposed death was alluded to in this journal some weeks since, was found last week on a plain a few miles from Denili- quin.His remains although fearfully decom- posed were identified. He died from drink, having tapped some grog on a dray near to Deniliquta, in company with one "Lankey." since Barney was discovered, another body has been found, on the Wabreccon run, name unknown : this body, too, was shockingly mutilated, part of it having been eaten away by the native dogs. Scarcely a week passes but a body is found on these plains; names generally unknown.—Border Post. VEGETABLES.—Some vegetable plants, the very ghosts of cabbages, were brought into the market last Saturday from Port Fairy, a distance of seventy-five miles, and fetched 10d. each, and were eagerly bought up in the course of a few hours. In fact any thing in the shape of garden produce would be bought there, and, at almost any figure. Mr. Fawkner has not yet succeeded in giving every one a cabbage garden.— Ararat Times. ACCIDENT—An accident of rather a serious nature took place in Mr. Nuylassy's claim on the Wet Lead. It appears the bucket whilst being heaved up came in contact with a slide slab and through the concussion loosened it, falling a depth of forty feet, it struck the digger working down on the cranium, and injured him so severely that he was hauled 'up in an insensible state. However it is expected that the sufferer will survive—Ararat Times. RAILWAY MATTERS.—From a telegraphic message sent by Mr. Prendergast to the Town Clerk, we learn that the gentlemen constituting the deputation from Castlemaine, were actively engaged in discharging their duties to their constituents. The examination of Mr. Saint, on behalf of Castlemaine, and several gentlemen from Bendigo, was considered most satisfactory, and produced a great impressing. The opposition raised to the evidence tendered by these witnesses, was too trifling to deserve notice. When our despatch arrived, the com- mittee were deliberating with closed doors. The delegates were expected to return on Saturday.- Miners' Right. A BUSHRANGER SHOT.—lnformation was received in town on Saturday that a notorious bushranger who has been long engaged in a course of daring crime and acts of violence, was shot on Mount Ararat on the 15th inst. It appeared that on the night in question Herring was engaged with a company of his fellow- desperadoes in robbing the tent of Mr. Biran M Sweeny, on the Canton Lead. Mount Ararat. While they were removing the goods taken from the store, they were surprised by Mr. M 'Sweeny, Herring seeing that they were discovered, called on one of his associates to fire.Obedient to the orders on his desperate chief the man fired at Mr. M'Sweeny, but fortunately the pistol missed fire. Mr. M 'Sweeny thereupon fired at. Herring, hit him in the ear, and he fell. The robber was then apprehended by the detective police, who were soon on the spot, while his comrades made off. Herring, who is not expected to recover, is a very "old hand," having come to Van Diemen's Land in the ship Egyptian the Second about twenty years ago. APPOINTMENTS.—The following appoint- ments have been gazetted .--Charles H. Symonds. Francis Jones, and Alfred J. Agg. Esqrs., to be Commissioners of Audit; Edward S.Symonds,Esq to be Under Treasurer of Victoria; Richard Nash,Esq,to be Govern- ment: and T. MacDermott, Esq. to be Act- ing Crown Prosecutor for the approaching General Sessions at Beechworth. THE 40th REGIMENT -On Tuesday afternoon the companies of the 40th. under Cap- tain M'Carthy at Ballarat, took their departure for Melbourne. • It is said that three men of the corps deserted on the evening previous to marching. A correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser suggests, " As the Imperial troops are expected lo be withdrawn from these colonies, and sent to India to assist in suppressing the mutiny in that country, I would suggest the establishment of a Militia in this colony, and that every inducement should be held out to the inhabitants to join the Volunteer Corps, which would exempt them from serving in the Militia. STARTLING INTELLIGENCE.—Here is a fact which has never entered into the calculations of our travelling deputations of Bendigoeis and Castlemainers, nor into the heads of our grave committees, or their witnesses, while ingeniously piling up the necessities and advantages of railways. The whole of Cobb and Co.'s stud consisting of 600 horses,are under offer to Colonel Robins, the agent of the Indian Government.It is also in contem- plation to send all the coaches etc, for tran- sit purposes.The Government have,it is re- ported ,expressed their willingness to spare all the horses belonging to the mounted police, for the equipment of the Indian army.If both these offers be accepted,all our police and mail and arrangements will be broken up; but such sacrifices are but little,compared with the dire necessities of the present crisis STICKING -UP.- A Chinamen named A'Kow, a wood- cutter,on the Back Creek, was struck- up by three men near Irishtown, on Saturday last,and robbed of £5 and a silver watch and chain. Information was immediately given to the police,who were promptly in search of the robbers,but hitherto without success.- Bendigo Advertiser. DEATH OF BERANGER. — Beranger, the great song writer of France, is dead. He was buried in Pere la Chase on the 17th of July, the expense of his funeral being charged to the State. An universal crown followed his remains to the tomb, but there was no personal oration, or any public display ,but the religious ceremony. A NOVEL CONDENSED.—Moonlight night; shady grove, two lovers, eternal fidelity, young man poor, great obstacle, young man proud, very handsome, very smart, sure to make a fortune, young lady's father very angry, won't consent, mother intercedes, no go, rich rival, very ugly, very hard hearted, lover in a bad fix won't part die first, moonlight again, gar- ret window open, rope ladder flight, pursuit, too late, marriage, old man in a rage, won't forgive them. disowns them, old man gets sick, sends for his daughter, all forgiven, all made up, young man getting rich, old man dies, young couple get all the money, live in the old mansion, quite comfortable, dear little children, much happiness, finis. 