Domestic Sayings and Doings.. The mail steamer European in consequence of material damage to her engines, made the SasBage'From. J. G. Sound to Melbourne under sail. It being very doubtful if the defect could be repaired at Sydney, it was considered unlikely there would be any homeward mail in November, there being no second steamer to make up the deficiency. The Commissariat Advertisements for Services for the year 1858, will be published in our next issue. The following Officers of the Royal Engineers are expected to arrive in the " Kill." Captain the Hon. J. J. Bury, and Lieuts. Sim and Thorold. Capt. Wray proceeds to England by, we believe, the January mail. The following Prayer was offered at St. George's Church on Sunday last; it is the composition of the Bishop of London : A PRAYER FOR OPE COUNTRYMEN IN THE EAST.-" Oh Lord of all power, who stiffest the tumults of the people and the raging of the heathen, and in whose hands are the issues of life and death for all men, we beseech Thee at this time to look down with fatherly com- passion upon our Countrymen in theE< st now exposed to great and unforseen dangers. Thou knowest how far by our neglect of privilege, and of the duties we owe to those over whom Thou hast given us dominion, we have provoked this judgment. Have mercy, we be- seech Thee, for Thy Son Jesus Christ's sake, upon us, and upon our distant friends, and visit us not according to our sins. Comfort, oh Lord with thy blessed Spirit the Comforter all who with wounded hearts are now mourn- ing for the death of dear relatives, and grant to them a happy meeting in the presence of Christ with those who are now lost to them. Still the anxieties of all teaching us to wait in faith on Thee. Oh Lord, we beseech Thee to watch' over the helpless women and children who are perchance even now exposed to the cruel assaults of enemies at once infuriated and treacherous, and strengthen those whom Thou hast armed to defend them. Guide our rulers in these perilous days, endowing them with wisdom and energy and make those who have to execute their orders vigorous and brave in the discharge of their duly. Dispel, oh Lord, we beseech Thee, the mysterious de- visions which have led to this outbreak among the heathen. Maintain, if it seem good to Thee, and restore the power and influence of our country over the less civilized tribes which Thou hast committed to our sway and if of thy goodness this danger passes, give to each of us henceforward, both rulers and people, a deeper sense of our Christian responsibilities as raised to high and commanding place among the nations. And may all changes work together for good, to the advancement of the Kingdom of Thy dear Son Jesus Christ our Lord;, "Our Father. &o.; "Lord have mercy upon us, " Christ have mercy upon us. I "Then, oh Lord, art merciful and powerful to defend our cause against every enemy. Thou oh Lord, art a strong tower of defence for all that flee unto Thee, oh save our countrymen commended to our prayers from all violence and treachery. i " Oh Lord arise, help us, and deliver us for Thy name's sake. 1 " Oh Lord, hear us. .' Oh Christ, hear us. j " God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost have mercy upon in, and upon our distant countrymen, and save them, and us now and for evermore. Amen." Private letters from Melbourne confirm us of former accounts as to the distress existing among the unemployed. The following extracts, from a letter by Inspector Hogan give some information that may be depended upon; " You saw in the newspapers I sent to you an account of the distress existing among the newly arrived immigrants I can only assure you, you could not conceive half the distress that prevails over this colony, that is of course among the newly arrived, old hands can always resort to the diggings and chance their simple labour for their support but they prefer the settled wages of towns to the precarious chances of the diggers nearly all that I have spoken to would prefer almost any labouring work to digging, but of course it is unattainable for so many when the railways are commenced thousands will leave the diggings if the laborers wages reach 10s per diem, and that though it sounds high, is simple re- muneration here for. a day's work, and few but single men can save anything ; 1 commence with this portion of my observations so that you might inform any man in constant employ at the Swan, that he will do wrong to come here (at any rate at present, our and, vale this year amount to some 3½,000, and the wonder is how half of them got employment, that in those who could work, I may also inform you that wages have a tendency to fall, and when they once settle at 7s 6d per diem, persons will 5s. per day at the Swan, may consider they are doing best * * * * I wish you to inform the police that they are very well off and I hope they will set themselves to work with a good heart, endeavor to give satisfaction to the public, and make up their minds to remain where they are, they will not better themselves by leaving, I know at Adelaide there are plenty seeking employ, and they will get nothing here to do but break stones at 5s per diem; Geddes and Ryan have done nothing since they came here, and Newell has only had occasional jobs," The following is extracted from the letter of another party, who left here at the same time as Mr Hogan : " Soon after I landed here I took two rooms and paid fifteen shillings per week, and that was the cheapest I could get at that time; and then made application to join the police in company with Mr Hogan and. Ryan, but in vain, we were all too short ; but, with enough to do, Mr Hogan got in the Detective Force. I then began to seek for work, and that for nearly seven weeks before I got one day, and -something ii II taiL since then I hardly have made as much as kept us, but on a second application I got my name down, and that with enough to do, it has been down nearly two months, and no word of being called on it is not Swan River police they want here, they want men from the Irish Constabulary ; this you may think strange, but what I write you may depend on." 