. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1857. Irr the Legislative Council yesterday the Toll Duties Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed, having been subjected to cer- tain amendments to which the Legislative As- sembly assented. The Sydney Sewerage and Water Appropria- tion Bill, the Railway Loan Bill for 1857, and the Electric Telegraph Bill, were read a third time and passed ; Mr. MONTEFIORE entering a protest against the passing of the Railway Loan Bill. The PRESIDENT read a letter from Mr. William Faithfull, a member of this House, apologising for his absence during the session, and giving as reasons first the death of his brother, and secondly an accident which had happened to himself. On Mr. E. DEAS THOMSON moving that the House go into committee on the District Courts Bill, Mr. WANT stated it was his intention to move the introduction of a variety of new clauses. Mr. E. DSAS THOMSON explained that if. such was the case it would be impossible to pass the bill this session, and after a brief discussion it ie discharged from the paper. Several formai messages having been received from the AsFembty, Mr. E. DEAS THOMSON announced that it was tbe intention of the Governor- General to pro- rogue Parliament tó-morrow, at half past three o'clock ; and the House therefore adjourned at ten minutes past six, until three o'clock to- morrow (this day). THE SPEAKER reported that, in reply to the address of the Assembly, the Governor-General had intimated that he would place £18,000 on the Supplementary Estimates for the present year, for the repairs and maintenance of the leading thoroughfares of the colony. A number of returns moved for; in connection with the Colonial . Secretary's Office, were laid on the table, Mr. PARKER stating that only three were deficient, and explaining the reasons why these wi-re not furnished. Messages from the Legislative Council were received with bills w th araendtr flats, whicn were all passed. Mr. FORSTER nskéd tbe Colonial Secretary "Whether the Master, in Equity resigned his office in consequence of this House having de- clined to vote him a salary of £1200 a year, as proposed by the Government in Committee of of Supply, and whether the same gentleman has been since re-appointe'l, at the rate of salary above specified, and refused by this House on the occasion referred to ? The SOLICITOR- GÊNERAI, explained that the officer had been reappointed under the original salary, but with the intention of giving the addition, if recommended by the Assembly ; but that if, in the interim, the office should be ? abolished, he was not to expect compensation. The SECRETARY FOR FINANCE AND TRADE laid on the table a most important statement, showing, in detai', the items of expenditure which had been withdrawn from the Estimates by the Government, and tl ose which had been withdrawn- by the votes of the House. Also, nn account of the sums which had been added to the expenditure in accordance with the votes of the House. The total amount of reduction thus effected was stated to be £42,000. The statement of account was ordered to be printed. The final report of the Select Committee on the S >le Commissioner of Railways Bill was brought up by Mr. COWPER, and ordered to be printed. The two motions of Mr. CLARK IRVING That thia House will, to-morrow, resolve, itself into a committee of the whole, to consider of an address to tho Governor-General, respectfully requesting that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed upon a Supplementary Estimate for the present year, a sum I of money for the support of a police mogislvatc for the j Richmond Uiver ; and, That this House will, to mor- row, resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider of on address to the Governor-General, re- spectfully requesting that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed upon a Supplementary Estimate for tho present year the sum of £6500, to be expended and applied in the following manner, viz. : Boad from Grafton to Armidale, additional £500 ; road from Warwick to Ipswich, £2000 ; road from Drayton to Ipswich, £2000 ; road from Grafton to Tenterfield, £500 ; for the erection of a bridge over the Condamine, nt AVnrwick, £1000 ; road from Cla- rence to Richmond, £500-total, £G500 werp, after some slight discussion, withdrawn. Mr. ARNOLD then moved, " That ia the opi- nion of this House, the conduct by the Govern- ment of the public business of the country, es- pecially in reference to the Land Question, has been calculated to disappoint the just and rea- sonable expectations of the people." The hon. member at starting broadly asserted that he in- tended this motion as one of want of confidence in the Government, and defended himself at great length from the attacks of the Sydney Morning Herald in reference to the bill for in- troducing Mr. G. R. NICHOLS to the Bar of New South Wales. The hon. member was proceeding in a diffuse way to review the policy of Ministers during the session, when, on the motion of Mn HELY, the House was counted out, there being only ll members present. Amid loud cries of the House has adjourned, the COLONIAL SECRETARY announced that the Governor-General would prorogue the Legisla- ture t< -morrow, at half-past three o'clock, and urged tbe necessity of the punctual attendance of members at three o'clock, in order that they might receive Messages in answer to addresses and with assent to bills before the prorogation took place. We are requested to state that members bf the Assembly who wish to obtain tickets of admission fer their friends to witness tbe cere- mony of the prorogation of the Parliament should apply between the BOUTS of 9 and 1 o'clock, this, day, to the" Librarian of the Legislative Assembly. '_' MB. ARNOLD was counted out. The unex- pected interruption of his speech was a disap- pointment to the Ministers, anda boon to the Opposition. The state of the House must have ensured his defeat; the members, by the best authority, would have been 22 on the side of the Ministry, and eight or nine against them. Several were absent, but the issue must be deemed de- cided-namely, that if the present Ministry has not the confidence of the Assembly, no other can lay claim to that honour. The close of the debate and of the session was a moment of general joy. The SPEAKER tripped lightly from the chair ; the reporters looked up from their notes with gratulating smiles ; exclamations of satisfaction burst from the servants of tl;e House. And for the members an air of hilarity was ex- pressed on many a countenance ; a few went out with downcast looks-hopes of being " sent for" were at an end for the session; yet one member of the late Ministry cried out, with irrepressible and honest joy, " that the count out was the best thing that could have happened for them." The bells of St. Mary's Cathedral Btruck up a merry peal ; whether in sympathy with the gladness of Macquarte street we are not informed, but certainly in harmony with the feelings of men who turned their backs on ten months' sorrow. . We really cannot ascertain whether the last act was accidental or planned. We cannot accuse the supportera of Mr. ARNOLD with complicity in this step. Many were, however, resentful at his conduct on the night of Friday last ; many foresaw a debate of interminable duration ; many anxious to hasten home, and once more to salute the domestic hearth, were resolved not to endure the bore of such a resolution, certain of some such fate. The moral result is nearly the same. An Opposition which cannot control its members, and which cannot make a House, cer- tainly cannot pretend to govern the country. Considering the issue of the motion,we perhaps are not called on to notice the speech. Mr. ARNOLD spoke with less than his usual fluency and spirit. He either had no case, or he had neglected the preparation necessary to its effec- tive statement. There was a feebleness in his manner and language which seemed to anticipate a total defeat. We make much allowance for these failures. It is difficult fer any man. to -.----j "-7v "»ff7'vi,u uj.nt» uvm [lai'Ly. and in prospect of certain overthrow. The first paît of his speech was a defence of his conduct, in opposing Mr. DENIEHY'S Bill. Ho is quite right in stating that we concur in the objections of the minority to the course of legislation adopted that-night. We should be false to all the principles inculcated by this Journal, for year« past, if we had approved of the su'pension of the Standing Orders to carry a private JBill, and that to remove a grievance of twenty yëaTs standing. That of which we complain of ia the abuse of the privilege of resisting : the interpon sition of frivolous and insulting amendments ; incessant calls to count the House, when there was a quorum within it; the repetition of speeches merely to draw out the sitting until some of the majority should be exhausted and obliged to retire ; these were excesses which could only be justified* by the last necessity. It wa« clearly shown that a small minority can defeat a majority ; that they can ¡prevent the passage of any measure and frustrate the object of representative institu- tions. If gentlemen chose to stand on their extreme rights, and to exert their utmost powers, they must abide by the consequences. They will be heard by the Home afterwards with impatience ; members who feel that they are injured by the abuse of forms will turn those forms against the aggressor. In the House. of Commons they would cough him down;-in the Assembly they will count him out. If Mr. ARNOLD and his coadjutors had confined their opposition to the established rules of resistance, we should have been obliged to a-imit they had rendered' some service to the country. With reference to Mr. NICHOLS, we under- stand by his particular wish further proceedings were postponed. We have not the least doubt that both Houses will gladly secure to Mr. NICHOLS the relief to which he is entitled ; but he ia a gentleman of too much patriotic fueling not to desire that, while jus'ice is done to himself, it may be in a form which shall offer no precedent for hasty and partial legislation. The House will meet to-day for prorogation. We are asked what honorable members have done ; we can only answer that.it is impossible to tell. We have at present only recollections of forty or fifty faces of every type-a House sometimes very cold, and sometimes very hot an atmosphere heavy and close- gentlemen sometimes in groups, sometimes lounging al length, yawning, and asleep-confused sounds of inharmonious voices, words meaning nothing or to which the soul from weariness refuses tc attach a thought. Then we aro haunted witt the sight of cloths, always laid, anc dinner never done; members droppings ii and out like inquiet ghosts ; those who hav< dined, or who long to dine-rushing witl the signs of refreshment in their mouths and going back to snatch another morsel martyrs for their ^country. By-and-bye,, \v< shall have time to thread the maze of the pasl and may recall many noble specimens of sena torial eloquence, and discover many measure beneficial to the country. We regret that th County Courts Bill is not among them. 