LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, '22nd April. 1857. The Speaker took the chair at four minutes past four o'clock THE AnnnEss OF CONDOLENCE. Mr O'SHANASSY laid on the table an Address of Condolence with Sir H. Barkly, on the death of Lady Barkly, prepared by the committee, in accordance with the wish of the House, and moved that it be received. Agreed to. The SPEAKER then read the address to the House. Mr O'SHANASSY moved that the address be presented to his Excellency by the hon. the Speaker. Agreed to. rnoTiiosoTAitv OF THE SUN KKMK COUNT. Mr WOODland on the table the correspondence of which had taken place with the Prothonotary of the Supreme Court, on the subject of that gentleman having absented himself from the colony) with out leave, also certain returns, in reference to the County Courts of Bourke and Grant, also a copy of a petition from the Municipal Council of Castlemaine, praying for a more frequent session of the County Court, also a return of the number of cases of insolvency which had occurred during the year lSTO, in the jurisdiction of the Insolvent Court of Geelong, a return of the number of estates and amount of assets under sequestration in the Insolvent Court of Geelong, and a petition from the Municipal Council of Castlemaine relative to the proposed amalgamation of the offices of Warden, De resident Magistrate, ¿> inn AT ST KILDA Mr FELLOWS gave notice that on the following; day he should ask the Commissioner of Public Works first whether the survey for the jetty at St Kilda was complete, secondly, which was considered the eligible site , and thirdly, the probable cost of the construction of the work PAV MEETS TO VKWSPAl VMS Mr RUTLEDGE gave notice that on the following day he would move for a return of all the amounts aid to non papers by the late Administration during I the year 1888, specifying the amount paid to each newspaper, and distinguishing between the sums paid for ordinary Government advertisements and the publication of the electoral lists irriTiosB i air M'DOUGAL presented a petition from Mr ! John Snow bull, of Melbourne The pray or was not stated rill" kllMOKI ELECTION Mr GOODMAN (later in the afternoon) presented a 1 petition from certain inhabitants and electors of If II a mole, and which, as it was very short, he road to the House The prayer of the petition was In support of the late of want of confidence in the Ministry moved I for by Mr reasons -first, on the ground that the present Ministry had attained its power branch courteous intimate re and by the misrepresentation of a very common, and as the petitioners believed a very harmless circumstance , secondly, that Its members held incongruous opinions on very important sale leets, thirdly, that the want of confidence shown towards them by the people had induced them by i pi loan is to seek to create an artificial interest in their favour fourthly, because the colony required a I vigorous, united, and discreet Ministry, and that they did not believe that the present Government would bring? forward measures satisfactory to the country , fiftills, because they did not believe that li i public departments could be satisfactorily nuuiiutbtorod by bonds of Commissioners , and sixthly , because at the late re-election of Mr O Shanassy the interval of I Uno assigned was no cheeringly short as virtually to preclude the petitioners from oppressing an opinion for acting in the election or the petitioners believed that Mr O'Shanassy would not have been again yet moved while holding the position of chief of the present unpopular Government The petitioners therefore pray ed the Assembly to assent to the resolution moved by Mr Fellows There were 82 signs , turns (Laughter from the Coi emin out side) He I moved that it be a coon ed This was carried Mr OSIlAïiASSA Was it adopted at a public I mcdill,; Mr COO DM AN I am not aware It was only sent to me to day Mr O SU VASSE I would suggest to the Hon. nicimVi that he move that it be printed (A laugh ) Mr SNODGRASS felt it his duty to oppose the reception of that petition He trusted that the House would allow him to make a few remarks The SPEAKER said that the House had assented to the reception of the petition It was not compo tout to the hon member to make such a motion, as all petitions were received as a matter of course. Mr 1 HU USOV presented a petition from the inhabitants of Ivy nett ii, praying that the proposed trunk, line of railroad might pass near that town 111 TUllMj, Ac Ms OSIIANASs\ laid on the table the Local Court rtc,iilntioiis adopted at Dunolly and Maryborough A copy of the petition presented by Captain Mechosk, is loved for by Mr nillir A return to a motion or Mr Wills for copies of correspondence relating to the importation of like stock since the passing, of the act for their regrets salon, and a return of the number of ones in the Cli i Service absent on leave from January, 1856 VWIIIUISTOWN UAH WAY Mr HUliri'lfAl would, on the following day, ask the commissioner of Public Works what progress had been made in the construction of the railway bridge over the Saltwater bill or, whether the materials were on the spot, and whether the structure would be completed by the 31st of May, is contemplated Secondly, what amount was to be paid to Mr Brunel for superintending the manufacture of the railway plant for this colony 1 MINT Oh £7,000 TO THE "ARGUS Mr RUrcnDGL said I beg to give notice that to morrow I shall ask the Commissioner of Public W orkt, firstly bother, at the nomination for Villiers and Heytesbury, he used the words " seven thousand pounds, ' with reference to a payment to the Argus by the late Administration, and secondly, whether the report or the speech which appeared in the local press was corrected by the hon gentleman himself t Mr DUITI 1 tell the hon. gentleman now that I consider his question entirely beyond the limits of Parliamentary, decorum, and that therefore I do not propose to give him any answer (Oh ) IMMIGRATION , Mr PARKER gave notice, that on the following day he should ask the Colonial Treasurer whether any part of the money appropriated by a recent vote of I that House for the purposes of immigration had been sent home and if so, when and what amount Mr TOSS Evil said that since he had assumed office the only sum remitted home was a sum due on account of 18ft The vote for the present year had not see i dealt with 11 IIMCANB MOUSSES j Mr. HUiirritAY wished to what the hon, the Troy 'juror whether it was the intention of the present GD [ornament to bring in a bill to reduce the loss on puo I hears' licenses | Mr FOSTER said that it was known to every J member of that House that certain resolutions were agreed to as to the amount to be charged on publicans' ; licenses during the present year, and that that amount has to be reduced Owing, it seemed, to some nou ccmplionecwilh the forms of the House, the notices had fallen to the ground, but it was the intention of the present Gol moment to revive action on that a point I IIMMlllkO ON crown. LANDS ' Capt. CLARKE wished to ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands M Tellier the notice In reference to building on Crown lands, which appeared in the Gazette of the 6th April, was an order from the Executive Council or a department order. Mr. HORNE would answer the question on the fol I o« Ing day. Capt CLARKE then gave a notice that on Tuesday following he would move a resolution " that in future, with a view to discourage building on Crown Lands, no compensation be granted for 1 buildings so erected." IBTOllB AMI TRANSPORT EXl'EMIITUilH. Mr. rosrint begged the indulgence of the House of a moment while he corrected a statement made by the hon. member for St Kilda. That hon. gentleman had [inserted that in 1901 the sum paid for store land transport service was only £141,000, and that the J amount spent while he (Sir Foster) was in office was 14.010,000. He saw lion this mistake arose for he did not for a moment suppose that the hon. member he intended to convoy any erroneous impression. The amount voted in 1854 was £141,000, but the hon, member had omitted to look at the so; eral departments in the expenditure for each of which there is included a large sum for stores and transports. I'hu main amount during the year 1851, Including these amounts, we £701,030, being £73,000 more than when I he (Mr. Foster) hold office I MIS STlTl MEET. Mr. SNODGRASS (who was hardly audible) said It hot before the resumption of the debate on the vast J of want of confidence in utilised to make one or two j Ecnmika ("Spoilt up 9 In the course of the remarks he had address to the House on the forum debate on that ipmiUon he had brought certain charges against un lion number, Mr. llbdou. He had BIIICJ made inquiries and found that he had not been justified in making; those charges ("Oh," and laugh ) He noted strictly in accordance with his own sense of propriety in stating this, (hear, hear, ), and he had only to express his regret that no had been, so far misled (Hear) WAY! is bUl 1 IA TO PKMttlDOl! Mr BENNETT gave notice that on Tuesday he would ask the Commissioner of Public Work? whether it was designed by the Commissioners of Sewerage and Water Supply to extend that supply to Brunswick and Pentridge, as they have done to 1 Kensington and Essendon, and, if so, when. IOC li, OI'MCFUH AT "AllYUOIlOtOH. Mr ASPINALL gave a notice that on the following day he should ask what were the intentions of the Government in reference to a centralisation of the local district officers at Marlborough, and as to forming an improvements in the approaches to this gold will It HE WAI liriARTJIFNT Mr HORNE laid on the table certain return! nun ed for in February last, of the different officers employed in the Railway department LOCAL COURT OF MAniUOROUOll Mr BL Vllt, In pursuance of notice, asked the C reef Secretary " If it is the intention of the Gor ornament to establish a Local Court at Maryborough, which locality in the centre of the large mining population in the Avoca district. Mr. O'SHANASSY said that there was no petition in favour of the establishment of such a court in his of also, but he hodel c that the district was entitled to such a court, as out of a population of 28,750, 18,005 resided within four miles of Maryborough, while only 2,600 roll led within ten miles of the Avoca It was not, how ci or, the practice for the Government to take the initiative establishing those institutions niaoNOMKrinoAi, BURI BY Mr ULAM, in pursuance of notice, asked Mr. Horne "If thoictuinrolntingto the trigonometrical survey of the territory, nice color on the 27th December Kit, can be furnished to the House Mr MOUNT said that on inquiry he found that the letting moi od for were in course of preparation They who very voluminous, but as soon as they want him and this) would be laid on the table of the House ST KILDA ELECTION Mr lillANT, In pursuance of notice, asked Mr Fol- low s " Vi he was reported correctly by the Argus of the 18th March last to have used the following expressions after his election for St Kilda, viz -'In elec ting him that day they had elected him OF an inch idea! he should offer no opposition to the new ministry in the ogiBlaturo-that is, If they ever met in the Legislate e, for he should go in to support measures, not men and therefore would support the new Ministry If they brought forward such measures as he considered would benefit accounts " Dr C ANS Before the Inn and learned member answered that question he had to submit to the Speaker a point of order, I I? that it was most important that they should have some definite rule laid down in order that no hon. member might know whether any question he was about to put to the gen lemon opposite was within the limits of Parliamentary decorum he rose to speak on this point in consequence of what had occurred a few minutes previously when the hon. gentleman Mr Duffy The Sl'EUCrit regretted to interrupt the hon Dictator but there was no question before the House He P ANi> wasmorol) speaking to the point of order and asking for the ruling of the chair on a serious practical question which now pressed on the attention or the House when an hon member put a question in the hon and learned Commissioner of Public Works affecting one of the great est and most serious things that could co or come under the consideration of that House, A 17 -The allegation that a minister of the Crown had misappropriated the public money for the purpose of corrupting the pi ess the answer that hon. member received from the minister who was alleged to have made the statement says, that he declined to reply to his question Mr Dum Certainly not ("Order, order ) I say, certainly not I must interrupt ("Ordered "chair ' ) I insist on is the SPEAKER the hon member, I uudersUn I, rises to a fresh point of order Mr DUFFY The point of order I desire to bring under the attention of the Chair is that the hon. gentleman has mistaken the fact in reference to me I did not refuse to pass of any question affecting the charge made in the House, but I did refuse to an swor a highly Improper question as to whether Icor rected the report of my own speech That question is impertinent, It is not pertinent to the business of this House 1 nor or declined and never shall decline to answer any) question affecting a) public character DE LA IÍÍS might be permitted to say in explana- tion that he did not allege that the hon. gentleman made a statement within the walls of that House The point was this here was a question proposed by an hon. gentleman as to what was said by another hon and learned gentleman outside the walls of the House un for the circumstances to which he had alluded How Ishod to know therefore what trial of questions might be put in that House, and whether Ululai ( nos would in future receives answer, as it would s is of the time of the House and of hon. members, too, if they were favoured with the ruling of the Chair on that point. The SPC latER The practice in the Imperial Pir limitent Is, that questions are allowed to be put on any matter relating to the business of the country Of course, it is within the power of an hon. member to "A nhothcrhe will answer a question or not Mr FELLOWS would now answer the question of the Hon. niciiibci Mr Grant Considering the circumstances under which the words were spoken, if they were over spoken (Oh, from the Government side), It was impossible for him to remember the precise words he used, but at the same time he would see that the reports of the Argus and Herald, taken together, conveyed substantially) what was at- a stated to him. It was his intention to keep, there fore, to what he had told (2 what was it ') Why, that he would offer no factious opposition to the wire? sent Ooi ornament on any question Mr CHANT (who rose amidst cries of "Order ') (said that his question was not answered The cries Of "Order, however, did not permit the hon. member to proceed H IM or engrossed Mr BROOKE, wild, that on the last occasion it had been left to him to open the debate on that day, and he deeply regretted that at this stage of their parliaments) history he should ima o been called on to address himself to such a subject He deemed, how c or that the late Ministry had shown a feeling of petulant impatience at the occupation of the Treasury benches by the present Government, and, father had endeavoured to harass them in every possible way On the very day that the present Gol ci nment appeared in the House, after their re- election, they were met on the threshold, and he for an exposition of their policy had been given, by a i one of want of confidence from a member of the late Administration- a gentleman whom he must term the 15 oph Giiinaldl of his part) ("Oh, oh ) that gentleman had, at his recent election, made use of words from which he was now practically) departing Another declaration of the hon gentleman's, when he was a candidate for the Central Pro vince he had falsified also He had said that he would sit "for that province, or not at all " He, shower or Immediately after his n lection, offered him self for the Assembly (' Question ) He, in the exhilaration follow in" on his election for St Kilda, said that he w IIB for " measures, not men,' and now almost within month he had the Indecency-for lia must call it so without any reason, to doubt the policy of the Government of giving it in the ii, to move i a note on ant of confidence The hon. member said he in ought for unid Lila late of want of confidence in her circumstances ' new and extraordinary), in is much as of men or of the Ooi Gramont had caused to be put in an Oieus newspaper an assurance that the local wants of the district should be attended to 'the hon gen tliiiiiin.hoiicicr, forgot that "new and extraordinary circumstances took place when the late Administration were anxious to secure the re election of one of its member!. In tho case of Portland there was first a ri moor and's a paragraph in a local newspaper, that Mr Childers was coming and next that the cash WAS CI ming, and then that Mr Childers was come, and afterwards that the cash was come At Geelong, too there WISH promise of the cash for a Mechanics' Institution, which had long been demanded in vain Trust Bourke was promised roads and bridges and at Emerald Hill tin mine of the Lvccntlic was put forth in a ion at) stations as) for the benefit of the locality ( Name ' from Capt in 61 uke He would Bill at once that at Sandridge promises More hold out of the oUonsiuu of the jet and at the more favoured locality of Emerald Hill there was a slice of a ward given to it A Government counter), too, was promised, with other advantages iVlmt was the modest postscript to the letter to the Oi sons after this? the latest instance war at Castlemaine, where the Incluccmontof a rather) alas the incentive for the election of a Solicitor General the line was to be carried out to Castlemaine irrespective of gradients and engineering ob ladies The hon member, In introducing his late said 'look on this picture and on that Well, he (Mr Brooke) said, "look on this (the Gol ornament) picture, and on that (pointing to the Opposition, amidst some laughter) the members on that side of the House did not desire shirk horsham of the responsibility attaching to their oto against the land of Government They might be considered enthusiasts or declination, but they would follow their principles (laughter), and support the Government " true as medal to the sun, Although it be not shone upon " It would have been more fashionable, no doubt, to join the other side, as one always liked to ride the winning horse, but they had consigned themselves to political cable to support those for whom they had loved, and with whom they divided a certain extent of rosnomilblllty He saw opposite him many members of differing political opinions those supporting the pastoral, the mercantile, and the democratic interests, and all holding strong opinions on these topics , but it seemed their common object to avoid the discussion of any political principles, and to ron der this question purely a personal one This he would endeavour to prevent, and to call forth political reasons for the union of the opposite party in a per Bonni feeling against the Government He did not attempt to defend the charge made against the hon the Treasurer He would, In giving his vote on such a question, no doubt strongly censure the conduct of that hon. gentleman He thought that this charge, however, came from a strange quarter, considering the expenditure on Toorak Mr Foster said that money, at any rate, on works of public utility)- this "60,000 was spent on the rebel lishment of leasehold property and he was prepared to say that it was spent with the cognUaiico or the then Administration. Let them also consider the late unauthorised railway expenditure, which WJIS taken from the Land Fund, over which the late Government had no more legal post or than the present one It was their defence that the money was spent on works of public utility, and that won Mr. Foster's defence too Woio the hon. gentlemen opposite prepared to admit that line of defence I-and, if so, why was the outcry raised against the Treasurer? He, how ever could agree with neither defence, for both were wrong With reference to the Commissioner of Public Works, he, as a Protestant Englishman, could not be supposed to have a peculiar leaning to an Irish Roman Catholic He had viewed Mr Duffy as associating lather with malcontents trip pi trials at home, but from what honour of that hon. gentleman since, he had now the highest regard both to his political circles here and his personal character. He was not supporting the Char- CB Gavan Duffy of 1917, but of 1867-the gentleman who had de voted lila arduous efforts for the improvement of this colony He well knew that it was fashionable to praise the Chief Secretary at the expense of of the other two gentlemen he had named and that it would probably be at tempted to buttress any other Government that might informed by inviting the present Chief Secretary to be a member of it Well, if this regard were enter gained for the talents of Mr. O'Shanassy, whynotglva his policy a fair trial? at any rate he would do nothing; inimical to the public good He ballot ed, however, that there was a theological objection to the present Government ("No no from the Opposition ) He believed this to be the case, although hon member might have the moral cowardice to deny it. It was true that no one advocated there enactments thopMis and pen lities against the Roman Catholics, but they only did it in another way when they told the Ko- is an Catholics that they could not take their fair share in the Government of the country The ton demy of the present vote was the reappointment of the old Ministry ("No no ) Did not hon. members know that there was a list of a Ministry already prepared? (Laughter) Did not that list include a, late Chief Secretary (Mr Ebden), the late Sun ov or-General, and the hon. member for the Mur any (Mr Goodman)? The only exceptions to the list were those gentlemen whom accident had removed her and the sphere of political action the late At- torney Oonei it was elevated to the bench, Mr Childers had gone home and he presumed that no one thought of having back the late Tren side ("The rest') Well, they will have the Commissioners of Sewerage and Water Supply, and perhaps the hon member for Richmond perhaps Mr Michie would oblige, and they then had a Ministiycomplote loreturn-tho late Government did not fall In consequence of one blunder, but of a so few of them. He would however refer to the policy of the late Govoiimionton the Land question The Opposition would have given their support to any reasonable measure, but the Government chose to consult the tastes of those gentlemen who had no particular political principles, and who occupied the cross benches therefore communications addressed to those gentlemen ( No,' from Mr Fellows ) V eil the policy was modified to suit them (' No," from Mr Goodman ) Ho borrow ed that some communication was made (2 No, no, from the Opposition ¡ He believed that communications we are made to cor i train gentlemen ('Name, name ) the whole of the occupants of the cross benches ( " No, no ). It I wins curiously enough arranged that a portion of the revenue on pastoral lands was not to be collected, and in fact that no extra charge would be is vied until June, 1859 This was a Govermnoiil ii ensure ('No ) well, If it were not, why were such extraordinary pains taken at the Governement printing, office and elsewhere to destroy all trace of that docu unfit He thought that this, if it was an advance as it, was a most nefarious one, and that the House should not let their contribution from the pastoral I lumps of the Crown, as well as from the miner li for one would never consent to the pastoral tenant! (shirking their fair proportion of the burden of th state He would ask the hon. member for St Kilda was be prepared to bear the whole responsibility of carry ing the vote or did he only hold a brief for the prosecution If the hon. member did not answer the question he (Mr Brooke) li ould ans or it for him. He was not prepared to take the responsibility of his own motion, and, our arrangement, the hon member for South Grant would be put forward He would ask was it consistent with the dignity of that lions that arrangements Uko these should be made at the Criterion Of at Kooloys, and a laugh Supposing this, however, to be permitted, w hero was the required unity of policy to be found in an A ministration formed from together side of the House and how could they find in the list he had given an. common policy on the land question The hon. member for Melbourne (Mr Michie) had formerly s if he would give his Baillieston to any Government ever the other Hello to which he could conscientiously get his support He did not doubt the sincerity of the hon member, but he would ask him where would he find a Government representing his views better than the present one? He would refer to another statement made by the hon. member The SPEAULRsaid, that it was very desirable I adhere to the usual rule of not referring to what has been said on a former debate Mr O SHANASS\ said, that the hon member who had brought forward this motion and referred to checked to his (Mr O Shanassy s) speeches on former occasions He did not uphold the practice, but the rule should apply both ways The SPEAKER said that the fact of the hon member 1 referring to a former speech might have escaped his attention Mr BROOKE: thought it a little unjust that he mern born on the other side of the house should then obstacles in the way of a Ministry which their vote in helped to raise, whom that Administration was born formed under singular difficulties Norcouldhoundo stand why the hon. member, whose professional 01 judgements were so numerous as to present him to accepting office under one Administration, should 1 soon be prepared to accept office under a different one With lognrdtothc policy of the Government he must call attention to the fact, that their L m Sillence was not one to be carried out by arrangement with the cross benches , nor did it abolish a Lar Sales Act, to to exact It in another form, the same i effect the present Government proposed to go the saw stem of complete responsibility If this vo were carried, the House and the country and a rug to know on what principles the Govern ment of the country was to 60 conducted in in ore but until he heard the annunciation of sonic sir principle he would support the ONISMIIC, Administration and continue to do so until it forfeited his cou dence by hsunic jet of its own Geiitiomcii on t opposite Mdo, beevusotlioy had an overwhelming na jority, thought that the Governement must rest, whondotcalcd He hoped they would not ( Oh, oh He hoped the Government would outdoor to be more personal v 3to but recognise only a vote of censure want of court house 011 open constitutional ground He thought that the Government should not rest in the present at do of public business TILL we weak now, but would be strong when their mother had had time to reach the hearts and imdcrstniidlu of the people 1 ct the Government not give way to vote brought forward in this way by gentlemen anxious to " rush the treasury benches the thong the duty of individual members in this case was of they had not to carry out personal animosities, but vindicate constitutional pi helpless and in the el charge of that date he, and he hoped others all would support the present Government Mr Sir WILL would hesitate in supporting the m< lion if he apprehended any difficulty in the fon ation of another Administration, but the bon gout 11 111 who last spoke had removed that fear from 1 mind by the statement that the new Administration had already been formed 810 Chief Secretary to credit to himself for having been voted into the pa tion he now hold by 11 majority of the House, b li on what had fallen from the hon. member for Í Hilda, even that statement might he doubted i in driftwood this vote, not as large inga want of cor di nee in every member of the Administration, but the Administration is formed. The Chief Soerotn seemed to have fallen into the error that the hill was the Administration ("No, from Mr O'Shea has ) decided not understand then, on what oil principle he had chosen his ci Mengues, as if that w( a matter concerning himself alone It had been at that there must he some overt act of mismanaged before a motion 111 c This could he justified-that own act had been port 1 meal in the eli idea of the gentler who now fanned the Cabinet for there could be doubt that if the hon gentleman had been desire of forming a strong Administration to command limejuice, he would have had 110 difficulty in doing but this young gentleman had allowed his private Iron ships to illicit are with his public duties and on head therefore must rest the blame of any income' along the country might suffer It was urged to there was no precedent for such motion in til That was all the lore doctrine, that w list never had been never ought to be How could the hon gent man expect to carry on the business of the count with a 1 uno) iii of less than one third of the flour He did 11 t wish to refer to the political history individuals, but that was the only means of Judge of their astuteness The hon the Treasurer had t than the other course; In his laboured defence, of dm HIt, his Gentile or 1 Dice he foresaw the 01 his Ilk to arise from the measures proposed, but could 1 alter those Treasures Mr JOS 11 It I tried to alter their, aid could 11 Mr SUYULI Why did not the Son morn' resign his office then Mr 1 Obi Let the hon. member forgets that we are not then 1111 In a responsible government Mr hirttlLL There was no diHbronco house responsible and irresponsible government so far, English history would teach the hon. member at the Minister was responsible for the acts or Crown even before a parliamentary responsibility v introduce in in the reign of William The non Gove mont said to the country, if you do not 1 our principles, look at our policy and it - true that in my promises were made on the topic the day It seemed, however, that the Chief Soi tail did not condemn entirely the old immigrant scheme in though his speech at first would load tot conclusion His land scheme was to reduce the conditions by centralising the population live li gentleman forgottliiL, apparently, that so long as gold fields more productive, the population would dispersed No efficient law was introduced for regulation of the gold fields The lion portion promised a measure to amend the insolvency In forgot ting that such a bill was in the office of his | dicoBsor He promised to amend the law refer to the transfer of real estate, but, altho various principles to guide snell a means had been broached, be had given his listen to no one of them Nothing said on the subjects of education of State aid , the only measure relating to the gold fields, the ' 0110 the Chief Secretary had so adroitly on the table This was the more singular case was a member of the gold commission and 1 tossed to be thoroughly acquainted with the sub The Jurisdiction of the Local Courts was not in a st factory condition He had been charged by the 1 member for Talbot with raising a "monopoly of, Castlemaine This could hardly hear 0 seen those ashore were sixteen Roman Catholics on one of committees a circumstance sufficient In Itself tore the assertion made Those (few topics were all the should then advert to and for those reasons signed, he should support the motion of Mr Rollo" Mr llAltlil.lt would take that opportunity, representing an important constituency to state reasons why he would vote for the original mob It had been alleged that they should give the Mini a fair trial, but that, he apprehended could claimed on twogroundB only-either that they likely to have a clear working majority in the Honor to possess the confidence of the country (I hear ) The appearance of the House was a subtle answer to the first point, and as to the latter at the Government had not the hardihood themselves assert that tfioyponsossodthatconfldonco ("Oh to At any rate three out of seven of the Ministry wor jected The late Ministry he could not up; though they had obtained their seats general! large majorities ("Question ) Had the pre Ministry met with the same result in their appear the country he would have given them as much port us he had given to late Ministry Ilesldi must be remembered that the present Ministry are Herrod small constituencies, while the reverse wa case with the ev Government, who represented largest constituencies in the colony Tile lion go: man proceeded to refer to the support the mombo thoAdminlstratioii.niidnmongthcmtholrcasuror obtained from the mining members, and quotes opinion of Dr Ouensasgivon before misconstrue as regarded that gentlemen in particular H pressed his sorrow that Mr O Shanassy occupied present position, and that he had taken the s ceding to the formation of a Government with having the courtesy to consult those-especially of whom he ought to have consulted (" Name ') ill-luck Mr Ob'IANASbl 1! that was so Mr MICilll. The hon the Chief Secretary . " If that was so I would I ask that hon. gentle whether, before the appointment of Treasurer of Commissioner of Public Works, he consulted me Mr O'SHANASSY If the HOUSE wishes The SPEAKER called Mr. O Stianamy te order. Mr. O'SHANASSY there is not a single point of ho arrangements between myself and the lion and harnedgontloinan which I would not reveal to the House or to the country if the hon. gentleman llkVi The opportunity may yet be afforded Mr HARKER resumed If he (Mr O'Shanassy) had taken his proper position, he might have been on noted with a Ministry that would have command) 1 the confidence of the country But unfortunately he had not Political capital had been made by the , sent Ministry of the Immigration scheme, but not a single room or on that side had expressed an opinion against It when introduced by the late Governor in and then where was their consistence) ' Then It is,,' the same with regard to the land scheme While R was under discussion they might have brought the amendments forward, and have collected those and ian tinges tothocountit which they alleged they desired He should ii Without further remark supply at the motion (Cries of "Divide' and "question") Mr HtrailLSsuggcstod that it would be convenient for him to more that the question, which contains two propositions, be divided in a ho hon. gentleman read the motion, and said that the first distinct proposition was, "That his CAOEI. oneys present advisers do not possess the confidence of the House and the second u as And thoroton) j their remaining in office under such circumstances I is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution' ! He proceeded to quote authorities In support of the I proposition he had made, and he then called upon the J House to decide on the first proposition before they i proceeded to the second I Mr GRImm submitted that the hon gentle a man was not in order Mr. HUGHES explained that he was not speaking to a point of order, but to obtain the severance of the two distinct propositions contained in the originate olution Mr REAL It seconded this motion IhoSP-AhLR made some remarks to the effect, that an amendment having been moved on the whole question, it would be difficult to divide it. Mr O. SHANASSY would prefer to remain at li was Mr HUGHES asked whether he might divide the question after the disposal of the amendment 'The SPEAKER intimated that he might Mr HUGHES announced that he would withdraw his motion (Cries of " question "' and "dilIdo ) Mr. O'SHANASSY suggested that as it was so near the time for refreshments, and so many members of that side of the House had yet to speak to cheques tion, It would be unfair to close the debate both the temporary adjournment The House then adjourned, the Speaker intimating that he should in take his seat In half an-hour 1 PETITION Mr ASPINALL, on the resumption of the debat' i sid with permission he would present a petition for a large public meeting, respecting the question u ide discussion the SPL VICI'R said it was contrary to the usages the House to receive petitions at that stage of the ) i seedlings Mr, ASl'l NALL Band the only ground on which he asked permission to present it was that the debate would probably conclude that evening, and this noth non nominated for in some thousands of persons, anxious to make their opinions upon this motion known to the House The question whether it should be presented was put and agreed to, and Mr ASPINALL. then roadthodocuinotit the Bald ho ballot evil it emanated from a meeting held that afternoon, and was signed by Mr Davis, the Mayor, on its behalf The petition was received, and Mr ASl'IfaLL gave notice that on tomorrows would move that it be printed numeral nrsirviFD Mr CUD CN said observations had been made on 1 u other side of the House which it would be in a try to notice, but in doing so he should not run into the personalities the attack on him! ? obtained Referring to the election which he placed him in that position, in the contest with the learned Soli stor General, he said that at the hull ings he took exception at the appointment of Mr I Foster to tin disco of Treasurer He had told his constituency but he might, perhaps, like to receive the support of his ox-Ministry, but did not, what one was present who had received all the support that the present Ministry could give him He to the people that in taking his seat in the Assembly, he should feel it to be his duty to take his p: s i tion on the Opposition side, and he had ample reasons for doing so. He would proceed t state why, sitting on that side, he soon rose in support of the original resolution It had been said, measure not more, were to be considered (Hear, hear) It could never give his assent to the doctrine that mu Mires alone should be considered, it without reference I the men who originated them Was he to admit mi -because of measures who were unfit for the put to a position they occupied? He had no fooling! personal d like to gratify against any member ( that assembly, but he should be compelled to aero strongly to the character of the gentleman he had by fire named the IreiiBiuor But in that gentleman al service he should be compelled to tell the hot the Commissioner of Public Works that he could not agree with what he had done or written , but, at the same time, he had seen much In him to outcomes respect At the same time he would inform him if he would have longer retained general request If I had Lorraine.! in retirement, and avoided the office I now hold Neither could he endorse the appeal mail of Commissioner of Trade and Custom t It was generally considered to be an unsatisfactory and the gentleman filling' the office did not possess the confidence of the commercial community. W. with respect to the hon the Treasurer, who i perceived, mis now taking place, be had on those Monlio hills fine referred to said that the Ministry, is formed by the present Chief, was little calculated! to batist) Ibu i equipments, or to obtain the confidence of the country When they were to the late Ministry had lost the confidence of the people, he was surprised to find their sheep tors comprises among its unpopular constitue)] thogoniloman who now filled the office of Troamr, That gentleman had committed an act of misappropriation and yet he had In his speech of justifying to the House gloried in the fact, and still mod that was Turton ite that both id iiiisappropi lated the mom visit prevented a greater defalcation, or a great mischief (Hear, bom ). If he (Mr Ebden) and stood that gentleman's financial scheme, no must to elude that justification was not discovered until was found that there remained not one penny but I (usury eight (Hear, hear) He was aware til in Act of Parliament had condoned the Appropriation, but he could not consider that the conduct of the Treasurer was calculated to inspire I dence In him in this or other countries, or to sin i is fitness, for his office discredit of the colony in 10 retained but tin.unislanc03 hu! ahern!) occurred to show that Victoria did not p i sess iiuliniH (credit, and thus in another point of view was the appointment undesirable He must consider that it circumstance were sufficient to justify him In both against the in gentlemen on the other side 1 I id no c evidence in the Ihiinclnl schemes be propounded being called out in a state as I hoped spirit While It might be alleged to the lion i.eiitleinili who held the office of Ireu it under the late Government did not thoroughly u lowland the financial position of the country it is admitted in all sides that he is as possessed of political i honesty But the gentlemen succeeding him was n over furnished with any particular quality Ila (M J taken) was it not on the spot at the time, but he is heard the him gentlemen some explanations as him the bill) journalistic had give mod that JI I posted s conduct was gardens would not co ii) be, forgotten It was therefore to be regretted that li ( blefSociutary had under such uncleared, especial in the face of his own declaration, that li looked upon the act of Mr rosters a; preparation as one of the worst breaches < faith cure committed in this country (Hearing It is nearly thought it necessary to prolong the d: bite or even allude to a remark made by the hot "cellarman for Ouoloug, who, quoting from the Aj stated that he (Mr Ebden) was such an extreme squatter that nothing but right of pie oniptloiioii the whole of his land would satisfy him Her jolted to say he hold no ovtiOHIO shows tHeir han and a laugh ) All he desired has to be equitably pu hissed, and he desired to stand on no extreme lines Before he sat down he would make one oliKOT now with reference to the expenditure of the mi referred to in which was appropriated by Mr Foster I might have affected the purpose alleged, but In li own mind he could not avoid attributing the main cherry red lion that took place to the extravagant' 11 milton, which occurred miner Mr rosters ample He should not the!) support the a signal motion Mr DUE i rosoandsald As the lion announce member of be opened this dollars (Mr Follows) is thought proper to assail me, and my colloap through me, I will be excused for applying myself once and I if bout at once to that part of his case t i i -of I do not complain In the sinai last degree this has thought proper to parade my political after I cut" before this House there is nothing he is l public or prliatollfo which I desire to conceal, and the hon. member in d ring so his chosen to outrun the proprieties which usually given the police! control is) of gentleman, than a matter which ci i ma himself and will eh I may as if he) leave better him and the House (Cheer ) He has cited against n as a fuel is so koala sUiiiilcmoo, that I declared that I came to this country that I was a rebel to be 1 act bone I venture to say there actor is a more discreditable or disingenuous UBI of a a' tonic tom from the contest which profit] and explained 11 What are the facts ' At the ) pub! dinner given them by men of different creeds or nations, on my arrival in this country, I alluded the absurd rumour which some bigots had spread Hit I mass destruction and Red Republicanism c and that I was in in iro a Heil Republican til" is no Rod In handing no man loved better to the Peace underlying laws than I did, and that Ifottndmi Iniisln Australia (Cheers ) Hut having said this hit honest language I cold employ, It became no s is to like an of that I cannot supposed to be rCi>J ming my past life to pleasanter friends, and I remind; the audience, as my man of honour would have don't at Inlrl h ilUirs 1 was still a rebel, because In broke (the law was trampled underfoot (Cheers ) 'I will re the passage in question from the report in the Army and It will speak for itself, and to the confusion of a allan ~" He (Mr Duffy) recognised porfooHyt in it that this w i J not 11 land, but Australia-Amtml \ I here there is as fairplay for all, not only for Ka fish, irish an To each, hut for Americans, Gorum] i I smell a horse no nationality need stand on a knife, because none was assailed by such a U' could be, what be believed nature intended him I -ii national full! Uto and fraud had not turned I i II led into gallant man who lent a willing and case in obedience to the laws, as the guardian of pub and private rights, and who desired no more than I tin permitted to live in peace under their protection put let him not be misunderstood he was not tw I to repudiate or apologise for any part of his past II he was an 7in rebels to the backbone and a spinal marrow garroted for the same reason I John Hampden and Algernon Sydney, that Door Hnalihigton and William Wallace wore For -hearing tyranny had supplanted the law I the land In his match of country " (Cheers. It Kareel) expect an audience so distant from j i acts, and with so little sympathy with them a? of I Assembly, to do justice to the merits of the strug-. m Inland But if they saw, as I have seen, men p i y own race and blood dying at the rate of a tax: and a day from famine, in a land that proud I tendance of food for all its people, If they had ' e i, as I have done, from morning till organs has an average of one house In three plucked do in order to drive out the owners to the poorhouse Hit gravity I, they would understand how men bone niels (Hear, bear ). If every human soul,, t n ctil) in this colony of A Victoria, but on lhl»conwo< tfAuarulla, were to din ofat»n»tlon, theatres' MR "-paid no less than fell down dodd around Bat and under brutal and stop d misgovernment:. iWilookonthisniassaeroin silence, and I thank Mr not" Massacre?") Nothing this country A Stalwarts cu. give or like away would repay me J. Feeling that all. on my native land was in moral Essad not strange to risk fortune, safety, and life Klicrdofu.cc. (Cheers.) I scorn to plead a syl K mitigation of that fact; but it has beauty Kffiiuioto know some of the most renowned Eng fM1?;«, living as statesmen and authors, and I v lovely declare that many of them have said to me?, . 181, had been Irishmen, they would have done BII trust, Sir, it will not go forth to the world away,," of a shallow lawyer that this new country ISioflfrom Its shores the men who are burst out of / 25min Purono Happily there arouiomboralu this ) Eil oseShiglias extended beyond Archbold tó?ttTvv'»liavoniado themselves familiar with I Story' of the world, and who know that America Downing Puritans who sailed from the Netherlands KA New Sand would have been Imprisoned SdZbablv hans d had they landed In Old England. Its Allies who founded Maryland, and who wore swiftest people ontliofaco of the earth to recognise Cr. «¡fw.dmous equality, died from penalJaws at home. fied every generation, from Lord Baltimore to Scorse Vnshingtoii, saw men who found the laws if ? the old countries too oppressive for endurance, and their courage and manhood to the new. line what is the history of Canada? in that country, foot twenty years ago, there raged the fiercest poli- lla] contest. Some greedy and intolerant lawyers and Smd-lobbcrs desired to shut out from their just share of Folltftal power a large portion of thopooplo, because alluded in our province Catholics, in the other Ka liùSSj.iiijustico at last provoked them to open resist ií"í8,od they were declared rebels and a price set on mastheads. But Sir Robert Pool, who understood Human Nature, and had a noble sense of justice, in teed of countenancing the policy of the bigots in and, placed the government of the country in the finds of the rebels of the day, before and from that Safe forth, though they had been out of office and in Again. Canada has outrun the United States in large ess | miprospuiilv (Hear, hear ) I trust for the sake of the creation of this House we have heard the last of all that a man may have hold what opinions he Uioeij'it proper in Europe, If he hold them honestly, acted upon them like a man of honour, and til it abroad will be raised against him for having follows I SsSiiidnn.o of his conscience But this Attorney - fOeugrtil of a wee!', who has knocked In vain for a Argue at every other door In Temple Court, and Rolla find nobody that would serve under him, HglUircs to affirm that I was unfit to be on fd with any office or importance in country. I may afford to smile in at such an assertion, when I look across the DOURo and see among the seven gentlemen who are jtldtobo already nominated to take our places, in Itmtlian five who hold a contrary opinion. I see two Kevin former political combinations, wished me to 'swap the same Cabinet with them. I see one gentleman (I will name him, as I understand he has handed to me to-night the hon, member for this Bourne), who, since the late Ministry were ousted, assured me that this view of the permanent Govern ifient which ought to be formed was a coalition in which Mr. O'Shanassy and myself would represent the Opposition. glib. MICHIE: Will you furnish the conversation 1 Mr. DUFFY : I would willingly do so if I knew that the hon. gentleman desires. There was nothing whatever to qualify the facts I have stated. "Audit' sue two members of the late Government destined, it is said, to be in the new one speech we are promised, who in.vited moto accept an See, not in the Cabinet certainly, but which ought 'fit to be bestowed upon any person in whom this house had not confidence. When I took the chair for one evening to convenience the House, they urged me to become Chairman of Committees 'this ASSembly. Mr. GOODMAN : Who were the two gentlemen, Sir?; :í|Mr. DUFFY: You were one of them. SSlTr. GOODMAN : 1 deny that most emphatically. rest. DUFFY : I trust I shall be allowed to dispose of this assertion of the hon. gentleman before I go any Rattler. I positively state that the hon. gentleman came to me vi with Mr. Hammill! to make this offer, and J appeal to the Hon. the Chief Secretary to state whether they did not come to him on the same subject. in). O'SHANASSY The hon, the Chief Secretary certainly did, but I do not remember whether Mr. (Goodman did or not. WMC. GOODMAN : I did not apply to you. Before adhesion. member goes any further, I wish to state (this much, that although he may possibly think from ¡mv/rleinMiip with Mr. Hammill that I was what is called a programme, I never was such, and I as assert that I never asked that gentleman to take the -chair, and I should be the last gentleman in the House WiS'ao so. i'Wptr. DUFFY: I pledge my veracity to the fact, and stylish never to face the House again, and never to '-Jtóeetlicconiintmityngaln, if the hon, gentleman did {.$&otcomc; to mention in the chair, Mid afterwards heathen in the refreshment-room alone and request me intercept the office. iv jOlie SEA ICEH : I think the hon. gentleman will !.'í««the necessity of withdrawing his positive denial. -ttâMr. DUFFY : It is totally impossible 1 could can . i sent not to do so. I would rather' never sit in this tHemsc- again. What I have stated is as true as that this world was created. The contradiction was made Ritchie. she SPEAKER: I do not think it is right that l'f'nùtttcr should proceed further, unless it is clearly OF Ipliltteil. it is evident that Mr. Duffy has reported a I i-atjitcmciit which is denied distinctly by Mr. Goodman. it I am clearly of opinion that it is necessary, according it to the rules of the House that Mr. Duffy should HOC S persist in his statement ft under DUFFY now proceed to the next blanch or H ino case I am asked to believe on the authority of this disinterested gentle nan M Who has been displaced from office, and of the pro B fAofvthP litoOoicriiniont, that I aniuiipopuhir with the people of this country, and an impediment to the t Ministry It is a difficult thing for any man to call Intyre his own position in the eyes of others, but I am bound to bring my common sense to be from such a l proposition, and I find the fact and probabilities di Ijitxeotl} the other way I have certainly not deserved I Fyshe ill willora commonalty like this if having. sup { reported fit I'arlltiniont and out of it every measure l^iorthcenl-ugomentof popular liberty, and the recog frailties of the right of conscience, be a road to their (favour And if such a feeling exists, it has tapped a strange development it is seen every Eslialf a year since the delegates of upwards of t'isafhuiiitred districts in the country presented Home, on behalf of men of all creeds and nations, with a ïîSireehold estate of el flOOr of year, as a qualification for Seeleither House of Legislature I think I may affirm I have done nothing since that time to fulfil their confidence, and the extent of popular favour which in that munificent gift represented need not fear, 1 be believes, to compare with the result of similar modes of ft-SMpicsins trust and regard which have since been attempted in favour of public men much longer cou selected with this country As far as the attack upon Mme by the mover of the resolution is concerned I might stop here, but he has thought pi ice to do it into the (fertile fire bill! which t proposed for the abolition of the property qualification-and 12s will ask the attention of the House give one word on that subject The hon and learned Ulsncmhci did not that that bill furnishes ample ovt desire of my ignorance of law Non mail. 1 affirm what he Knows of this is on, a personal knowledge that this spirit was not do inn by me, but by a lawyer, one of «Mus[seniors and betters, whose large experience and JgScarcfiil discipline place till all the first rank of his pro- pressing 1 affirm that he perfectly well knows, and Elias admitted elsewhere that the omission in the bill gnKRas pure accident, and might have happened to any aspersion whatever the bill cites an extinct from Hrathc Constitution Statute for the purpose of or Kfij$JePca)ms it in the middle of this or retract a single line was omitted by the PHIflerk copying it, of the compositor printing it that ||HJB the whole matter But, bir, 1 removable another ßSHall whose history might be adv outrageously contrast jd smith this on the first day I visited the late Louis fjSS'i'tivo Council, more than a your ago, there in a PiÏP10llcl! 2" "6 papered the second reading of a bill to KlMcreate m Inn of Court and a Corporation of Boucher's, ||Htniul I was told it was to be brought forward by a nun raHpmi might not be very pleasant or profitable to listen ignite, but she was quite profound lawyer I called for gags copy of the hill, and I found that it winded-what Wishing you that no one could be called to the Biro! a 'stone for the future who did not take the oath of rtjjSitpromaoy-tlio identical oath which for more than a Scenery Enough and Irish Catholics had forfeited all jB?10 ounces of "10 state rather than adopt. (Lou I HI laughter and cheers) I called the attention of some as I can bus of the House and some members of the fairness to this ludicrous blunder the subject got S9''V1.0800! and the precious baby! was flung under the 30 tribe, and IlllVcr illicit affirm llihlilnulnlhii, A.. who was the author of this bill I live learned gentleman who takes me to task for the blunder of a clerk or a compositor the ex Attorney) General of 11 Victoria (Cheers ) I do not accuse him of wanting to re-enact the penal laws by a trick I surmised at the time the experience in thlsllouoo has amply con | Tinned, that it sprung from pure and profound Agnes j cause of constitutional law The learned gentleman has been drilled, I bolted o, into the most ideal i trade of a leader , but who over saw him as most of us did, sitting in painful silence while Mr Childers, a lay man, was arguing against the necessity of a bill for oBtnbll bing the immigration clipirlnionthi England, will never forgot that humiliating spectacle of the wrong man in the arena; place (Cheers) There is another small matter, f> arcory worth notice The hon and learned member and that I promised not to take office for two you a certainly not I never made any such statement On the occasion of carrying a measure against the late Go- acrimony a smooth g of the Opposition took place, MAX i advised them to nominate some person to represent them in case of the Government going out, as I would not do so, or not at all at that time I never said anything or two years or of any period There is no reason why I should wantonly motives, as they were purely Jirivatc Hut l have no hesitation in saying that my motive was a dishonest to net with some gentlemen to whom I thought it would be difficult to avoid proffering office (Hear, hear And now let me state freely my thorough com action that this outcry against Mr O'Shanassy s colleagues is, to a large extent, a faction, and that whatever colleagues he had chosen he must count on oppo ii tion, bicausoholsan Irish Catholic (No ) 1 know It is I license justly denied in calls House already a id am ghost has, though I would have been be to Wcascdto have heard the denial before some or the hon gentleman opposite took all the benefit the could not out other bigotry. It is denied also in the Circus which speaks for those gentlemen, and read Rented as a cry which has been imported but the contest by the Chief Secretary and in self, without the smallest justification in fact Non,' for the last man living to dig up the bones of do' bigotry If it me dead, but I am convinced it Hot (Hear, her ). But no surer method eau 1 adopted to destroy it than to drag it into the day ILrti And I affirm that the intention of excluding the US Secretary from office, simply because he was a C'a little was distinctly entertained, and distinctly w o r of and that has only been abandoned when it Ign cautiously failed Twelve months ago, when the school and policy or the general election began to be dab to Me -wuiionapaper, the champion of the late O Jcrniiicnt, and series of articles entitled "Where a a e Minty,' and down till I regrading of its part J the s condor those articles, written with round J" it enmity, there was a sketch of the character of week of Mr J Shauowv, which did him ample ji see the man described as the man who, of all other JJ .Ve" tu0 "'08t valuable anddishitorostod labour to the country during the entire existent s." 't9"Lcl.'','ll>luro, and who, when others were thin «"goltlicmsohcs, had neglected the opportunities becoming a MiiliionruVfl, in order to perform his public duties And what reward did It promise him r this patriotism I I request the attention of the House to the language of the ministerial journal, of high novations there is no such things and proper) feeling in the country " what object," (says the Argus,) " may we presume liiaMr O'Shanassy himself had to cheer him on in his n arduous task Office ' we shall be told, ' high omeo, as Till all its attendant sweets of influence, praying; and patronage ' Let us suppose this gentleman, their duty enthroned in the seat of power, vice Halaos Sentenced to transportation to the hills of Barrabool! Could the tableau be satisfactory 7 Would the ni rougemont be a lasting one? Would the great bulk of the people of this colony feel calmly convinced that at length the great object of the modern reformer was secured, and that the right man in the right place was found at last' Alas I no Mr. O'Shanassy as a principal leader on the Opposition benches is one thing Mr O'Shanassy as Chief Secretary would be altogether mother Asa popular representative no one has thought fit to attack him, to throw out lm intentions on his motives, to distrusted misrepresent his nets Such disparagement as came his way has been of a sort of passive or negative quality, arising partly) from it lousy, partly from spite, partly from a disposition to depreciate that in the securing of which the disparage! has had no share But lot Mr O Sha wish once take office, and upon his devoted head will rapidly) pour such a storm, compounded of distrust in position, and general opposition, as would rather so also the price of one whose path has been hitherto comparatively) peaceful " And now who was this storm to rise i The Argus goes on to to 1 us - "Mr O Shanassy is Roman Catholic, and what is usually considered a bigoted man At particular times he is indicated in an otherwise consistent and liberal manner by some subject in which his religious cor vidions clash with those which, apart from re Huon, he would be likely to adopt To those who have every disposition to judge him fairly, and to n take no ungenerous use of the worker points or his position, There has always been something downright startling in the paralysing errection a generally very sturdy and masculine nature or one little forefinger hold up warnings) by a worthy old gentleman Borne where In the 1 latitude of Rome It is then that the statesman crumbles into the sectarian, and deep, sin here, and hearty convictions in matters of faith are round to conflict fatally with the demands of political progress a is through the gap presented at this week 1 out that the the would rush, which, we fear, would be too powerful for Mr O Shanassy to stem " In the Rice or this article, most deliberately written and published, can any one venture to deny that the tail is of exclusion exists? But was this all / The journals of Melbourne, with one exception, echoed and co echoed tills sentiment For weeks together the Herald of followed with abuse of Mr O'Shanassy an 1 lnjuolf,-thoffiaDfim."» of which was our country and our creed and I connect the late Government with the worst of these libels There were charges and lm pulations too disgraceful for the newspapers to father, and these were discharged at us, and chiefly at me in Miers bearing the signature of Mr John Pascoe Fawkner (Laughter and cheers.) I do not think the press of any civilised country has been disgraced with more lil til) aid disgusting libels Yet close on their publication, and on the eve of the general election, when it was concerned they might operate on the bigotry of the country, an attempt was made to give them more weight by erecting a statue to their author (laughter), and the members of the then Government to their eternal disgrace placed them sell OR at the head of the movement It takes nothing from their shame that the country treated the attempt with the contemptuous scorn It deserved I have never , before alluded to thosoUbols, though they were chiefly directed against myself, boiniisotlioy were couched in language which a gentleman cannot answer, and it behoved the country would treat them as they deserve old, and I would not notice them now but for two circles 3 stances which have occurred during this debate in the first place, I understand a member of this House peculiarly worthy of such a task presumed to report one of those libels here on the last night of debate, during my) temporary) absence He affirmed that when my political associates in Ireland took the Hold, I fine! toned myself from sharing their danger by remaining in my office in Dublin Out of respect for this I wish, I will refrain from expressing my opinion of the author and retailer of this calumny . but as there are probably many members hero who do not know what is familiar to thousands of my countrymen in this city, I may say that I was a political prisoner in strict (sit reese for a books before Smith 0 Iirion's attempt, and thntonoor the metal os which hastened that attempt was an apprehension that the loading men were to be picked oil In detail, as I and one or two others have been (Cheers ) The other circumstance which has in duced me to notice these libels is, that one of my colleagues assured me, since this debate commence that he was reproached with one of them, which I thought too atrocious for belief, - that I had recommended throwing vitriol upon the soldiers brought against the citizens of Dublin Mr Fawkner certainly stated this fact, and truth in ns founding recklessness stated It upon the supposed authority or Mr John Mitchel But though Mr JOitchel was a very open and professed easily neither be in any other person on the Tree or 11 * earth had over attributed this sentiment to me before for what is the fact, noted lous to every Irishman In this country it was in the United Irishman, the journal of Mr Mitchel himself, this advice appear I and I had about as much to do with it as with the last number of the Melbourne Mtdleu (Loud late li her and cheers ) As I may never allude to this object again, I desire to say, once for all, that there is not a single imputation upon me in these scurrilous letters of Mr Fuivknor, which is not either a downright falsification like the first I have cited, or some complete and ludicrous confusion or the facts like the record One and all they are false And now Sir, I return to the question of, no popery I affirm that the no popery cry was employed at the last goal an election to the largest exte it practicable It is true the good sense of Hu community defeated it but no thanks to those who employed it. It was directed, for example, against the present member for Brighton, when he was candidate for the city, he was supposed to be associated with Mr. O'Shanassy, and the bigots Bpieadalirom the rumor that he was himself a Catholic It was used against Mr. Chapman in the same in inner And I know that in the elections which have recently taken place, it was also used In St Kilda, where I reside myself, I positive eli know that tradesmen and shop keepers were cain i el to one against the Popish tin didate, meaning Mr. Chipman I have the authority of some of Dr Greeves's Friends for declaring that his defeat In East Bourke was solely attributable to the same cry and in Castlemaine, Mr Ireland have! detected one of the paid agents of his adviser) assuring an elector that he was a Catholic in disguise (Cheers and laughter) I feel it my duty to bring the facts before the HOUSE, because I believe that this bigotry must be met and defeated some time, and that the right time is the present labor the Catholics of the: country are emancipated or they are not If vic no lot therein i or be the smallest whisper about our re legion in connexion with our citizens duties if we in not, give us due notice frankly and boldly and let in see If we cannot maintain our lights were owe di' nevermore difficult circumstances I confess, Sir, the most painful feeling on my mind in relation to the business Is the com lotion that there are in this lions several members who have a perfectly honest in 6min full belief that the Catholic religion is the enemy of civil and religious liberty who; have never considered but one aspect of the question they have all their lives been leading boot and newspapers on their own side, and they are a ignorant of any other 1 wish from my son they would upo it out frankly what is in then min li and give men who have been compelled t > look at both sides an opportunity of answering then I was out of alto my life upon proving that they had one of four a case of Catholic Inlolciancoorporsceiitionthat could not be finished with a Protestant instance, that this very hour the religious oppression which w read of as occuring in Catholic countries of Europe is paralleled by equally gross cases occurring a the same moment In Protestant countries, an that the noblest Instances of religious equality which the iii 191/0 world has presented!, have of named in the Catholic countries of Europe within the last quarter of a century The exclusively Oitlu The people of belgium selected n Pi contestant Klug, LoT pond of S ixo Coburg, the Catholics of Hungary BOlcctcd n Protestant leader, Kossuth the Catholic of France accepted as their Prime Minister Pi oto tant Guizot, and did not raise a cry of "N Protestantism" against him (Cheers) Iii Catholics of Ireland have over and I , again selected Protestant Instead of Oatholi i presentatives and when the hills to throw open to English universities to Dlssontora, and to mention the Jews came before Parliament, every good Catholic In both Houses voted in favour of the These are not sentiments adopted by me to d ii for this occasion they ruled my public life for lift years in Ireland , and 111 of years ago, when I applied to a constituency) no) soil so it was religious bigot from entering the contest, that though I find tim C tholic Bishop a' d Archbishop, the Pope s Log i in Ireland opposed to me, because they were the all! of the aristocracy, and I of the people ot Catholic priests and Presbyterian ministers, members of the Tenant League, came from the farthest ends or Irolai to appeal to the electors In toy balls (Cheers ) I have confined myself to a pi tonal defence, because I have been pc BOnally assailed, and because I am perfectly confide of the issue of this contest You may defeat us by majority to night, but the principles we have Laidlow cannot be defeated You may patch up an incentive and discreditable alliance between men who agree nothing who not only hold different lions i State Aid and education, as all Ministries had done, and I four must do for some time in this count but who are at war on the loading questions of to day on the land question, manhood suffrage, Condon MLC, and immigration You may reduce gentium upon that side of the House (though I hope it Is it ] OBslblo) to accept briefs to defend the men and insures they have been assailing for the past the months, and reduce the tion of the Land League lie down with the lamb of the Pastoral Association but still our principles will prevail, and after a lit this country will be ruled by the men who r capt them most honestly and enforce them with mc ability and success (Loud cheers Mr COLIN CAMPBELL would not adherent a length to the eloquent defence of the bon, named . for Villiers and Ho) tosh jr), because his was aspect S which more immediately had reference to his o I position than to the question before the Hon namoi)-whether the Ministry at present to pay a CBscfciotl The confidence of the House, and ought retain in its hands the government of the count And In dealing with that question he would go to in the principle or whether they were bound to look measures and not man, or whether they were to prevented from looking at the men first and at Hi n casmcB afterwards and unless the members of the House was prepared to say that men of her lover 1 ilnracterwore, by bringing forward good measure Justified in southing the confidence of the people "governing this fair country, with logic would not forget But if it were of importance to the color that she should be governed by men of great abil I and capable of bringing forward measures well done at d liberal in their construction, and at the sa time In whose capacity as governors The count would place the most entire confidence, than in the p sent out were they bound to take care that they 1 selected the > right men, and they were bound in and to support the measures which they brought forth It was never will tour country to by down the time that more or an) Port would do to bring for, measure 1 his bad ntl ci boon, the case in Eagan and he contended that not only was their ability, 1 their political consistency to be tested, and the He was responsible for the result He would there review the J position of the Cabinet as at present con- ruled, avoiding as much as possible personalities A first, with respect to t to leader of the Cabinet, a matter of very considerable ability and patriotism, was Uo [ thought would not but admit that his talents and a Bornees had met with the recognition from the South- j try which they deserved, but how over much he might J admire those qualities, he thought that the means which I hotooktoarrlvo at power, did not consist with his J previous patriotic career The hon. gentleman proved acceded to review the way in which action had been taken on the occasion of the recent vote of want of I confidence He contended that many lion, merry hers were carried along on that occasion Bimi under false impressions of its board Jug. The present hon Chief Secretary did not I take such steps is would enable him to BOO clearly that he could place in the position of the Ministry be dis- placed a stable one that would have the confidence of the country Another test was perfect consistency in political action, for which he knew the hon. gentleman had been a staunch advocate , you he reminded the House of those asion upon which he had refused the right of petitioning for the of ran also to the pastoral tenants of the Crow 11 As an old colonist, he had had the pleasure of watching the political career of the hon. the Treasurer, and with reference to the allusion by that hon. gentleman to his having sat in the Legislature of New South Wales, he stated that that representation became so great a farce that the people of this country would not any longer recognise him In that capacity He then referred to the time when that hon. gentleman filled the office of Colonial, Secretary, appointed as he had been by the Home authorities without the voice of the people of this country, and also to the 1 period when so much disgust was felt by the masses of the people, and so much want of confidence in his political career, that he was obliged to be thrown overboard, or, in other words, to abdicate his functions From papers which he held in his hand he found that the actual annual expenditure of the colony had been kept within the annual income for sec 1 case years, under different Administrations, until the hon gentleman came into office, in which year there was at once an excess of expenditure over in- come of 020,0001, while the Land Revenue won alBD exceeded by 490,0u0i It was not, therefore to be wondered at that this sum of 509 000Í was wanted for appropriation to other purposes than those for which it ought to have been applied But he regarded the greatest delinquency as not so much in the actual expenditure, as In overlooking the existence of the HousaofLogisIaturc.aiidmlsappioprlatiiigltonhlsown responsibility, without even attempting to bring down a Bill of Indemnity Horoforred with some pain to the position taken by the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury While sympathising with those who bled endangered in the cause of Ireland's wrongs, how over imaginary they might be, he was not prepared to sympathise with those who were misguided or likely to misguide others, and set the country in flames by the use of rash expressions, and therefore whatever view is that hon. gentleman took in coming to this country, and speaking of disease and famine, and of the dis- sensations of Providence as a ground for agitation-? and, it might bo,'robollion-ho contended that he had shown himself most lamentably deficient in the elements which ought to adorn the character of a man in such a position as he now occupied Ho for 0110 had 110 trust 01 confidence in him as a public minister. There were other hon. members ofiUuit Cabinet about whom enough had been said by the hon. members who had already spoken before him. He observed that whenever the late Ministry was likely to be ousted there was the hon Treasurer vein of the right side and this was why he said that he felt that he was deficient in political wisdom and judgment Although there might be a great degree of political talent, on the other side, he could not regard them as deserving, under these circumstances, of general confidence He believed that the recent vote was never intended to displace the late Ministry by the substitution of the present one, and that was why the House felt it to be its duty to secure a Ministry strong, stable, and high-price- cipled (Applause Cries of "question, " and "Divide ') Mr MYLES spoke in support of the amendment, contending that the bigoted feeling against the Roman Catholic members of the Ministry was too notorious to argue upon Mr WOOD would not refer to the question of pro colour at any length For his part he would not on foot to follow am good measure, 01 adopt any bone flesh course, because no precedent could be furnished for it but it no precede it were found for innovations it did believe 0 those introducing them to show that they were wise and beneficial, and this was a course which the Opposition had wholly failed to take He would undertake to prove that the resolution introduced by the hon and learned member for St. Kilda was altogether without precedent in the parlour 1 by history of the last century and a hill And, there fore, the Opposition should be very cautious in attempting to introduce innovation The hon and! learned member for St. Kilda had referred to two in stances which he thought justified him in adopting this unusual course He had referred to the defeat of the Ministry of Lord Melbourne, and to the vote of want of confidence brought forward in 1784 and in both of these instances he would show an utter unapplied ability to the circumstances of the present case it was true that the Administration of Lord Melbourne was met in its commencement by a vote of want of confidence, but under very different circum stances That Ministry was dr touted by a majority of thirty six on the question of sugar duties but here the Ministry sure to be condemned by 11 vote of winter confidence brought forward and car 1 led without affording them a fair trial, and before ov 01 they had initiated their measures He might point out to the attention of hon members on the other side the results which sometimes happened from: factious opposition If an opposition was even just liable, it 11 as under such circumstances as those under which the second Ministry referred to was deposed not because they had not the confidence of the House but because they had not that of the King After that last vote had passed the Parliament was dissolved, and the consequence was that one hundred and sixty of those gentlemen who had carried on a factious opposition in their seats in the new Parliament, and were point ily do nominated Fox s Martyrs He had no doubt some hon members on the Opposition benches were in is anxious for that crop 11 of murty room If his hon and learned ft fund were as well versed, in historical as he was in legal precedents, he might have referred him to another instance in 1835, when a vote of want of confidence was brought forward before the Ministry had any opportunity of bringing forward their measures But that did 11 it owe its origin to the votes of a Parliamentary majority He had no will whatever to do the hon. gentleman down to piece client, but he would meet him on his own ground when he told them that the present Government did not command the confidence of the House, not be cause their principles and measures were unpalatable that on account of certain objections which he urges against individual members of the Government I was certainly somewhat singular that that hon and learned Castleman should have voted all along with] the Cup eminent of which the hon the 1 Treasurer will 1 member, and it was also singular that after th Tre ism or had lost office, he should have supp arte the vote for giving him an allowance in lieu of pen must (Hear) But, he thought, showed that his hon friend was not considered to have deserved ii of the country at all times A great deal has- been bad about the ltiisippropualion of the Land lord He had had some experience of what the sentiments of the digging community of this country, were upon that subject, and he could say I but, without exception, the gold Holds were in favour of the Appropriation (Cries of Oh oil ). It might, li confessed, he illegal-so was it illegal 111 Sir Robot free! to open the ports for the admission of corn with out duly but he did it for the general benefit, as the hull of lend did the hon number for Collingwo 1 had waxed very pathetic on the subject of the widows and orphans of Ballarat, and made the hon the treasurer responsible for the insane tion That hon. gentleman protested all along against the imposition of the license fee, and in in our of the export duty on gold And why, therefore, was the line the Treasurer alone to be called 011 to resign 'There were other hon. members of the late Govern incut whom he saw on the other side who should with quite equal justice, have been called on t resign He had no wish to cast any cousin 0 on the memory of the dead, but the living were not the sacrificed to the dead, and the late Sir Charles 11 Latham was the man who was responsible for the extension of the license-fee It was not, therefore right from feelings of 111010 squeamish delicacy to li the blame on the shoulders of the treasurer. TI: question had been prominently brought before the attention of the electors, and they had been asked by some persons who were opposed to him I hollier they would support him, who happened to 1 member of the Government to which Mr Foster he longed In spite of all he had been returned in 83 ely if the gold fluids pronounced a verdict of a quiet!, no one else had a right to say anything about it An objection had also bceiiialscd personally un in generously to his hon friend, Mr Duffy, and was perhaps presumptuous in him to add anything at the manly and touching reply which he had made, as he could not do Justice to himself or his hon friend had boar alluding to It blends not there to justify the conduct 11 which that hon. member might have pursue in li island, but, whatever that might have been, li tonten led that it afforded no ground for objection t Bill here Howould himself say that, considering a thechcutiisuiices he had a great respect for Illino account of his conduct in Ireland in 1843 and 1844 and his reason for entertaining that opinion would find justifies union in the state of that unfortunate country in that period But all this had nothing to do with the present Ministry The Government and the writers in England lina forgiven him the part he took and required no rotiactnlioiiorapolngi of the opinion he had expressed In the von speech which had been quoted against him, he had regarded himself as a Australian, and had declared his intention of doing a transport to and ance Aust alia It had been subject to his other lion colleagues that they were no' pencuecd-nu argument which would apply equally to almost all Individuals taking office, and which stretcher to its full length would amount to an argument that no Government ought (011 those grounds)! be changed the late Hon. Chief Secretary did not appeal to luivobtendoopl} inipicsscdwllh that prince when he dragged the late Hon. Treasurer horn til seclusion of Geelong, an unknown man, an objection which optical not be urged against his hon colleague With respect to the Commissioner of Trade and Ou toms, the objection that he was the owner of a bond warehouse had been urged He would certainly cor killer Island such, he would have less interest 111 a charge of customs than a general spirit merchant He ballot of that this dispose 1 of the objections against the members of the Governement As to his humble self The tliMuJit the Chief Secretary might have s looted 1 more able man, but, injustice to himself, I would my that the appointment had been offered to him in the late Gov- eminent Then they were to the country pronounced against them, and In proof that statement, the elections of Brighton, Castlemaine, East Bourke, and Melbourne, wore appeal to He bullet ed that had his lion frloud(SIr Chapman stood to the city he would have been returned, bt between the constituencies of Melbourne and St. Kilda, how is like the ass (roars of laughter) that w. puzzled been out two bundles of say he did not know which to choose Anduftorall, how did the election for Melbourne stand in the outset between the mine serial and two and ministerial party? Mr Murphy was opposed by Mr U'ohailussy, who throw nil h Interest against him, and how, therefore, could be said that that election afforded any test i the popularity either of the one party or the other The hon and learned gentleman then proceeded apply lic inioarguiiiunt tjtnobt Kildare d Hilghto election) He lnclMiciird the statement of the hon member for the latter constituency with respect to li speech 111 the one idea of the election He had heard it then and had mortuaries no wish to hear it again but seeing that he had referred to It, has might vital that his impression of what was said was, that the bou. candidate now in the House seemed to think that he had been very ill used in the appointment of his hon friend (Mr. Foster) not having been offered to him. A great deal had been said about the NoPopory cry He (Mr Wood) know that that cry had been raised against him at Brighton, although he did not for a moment accuse the hon member (Hi Ebden) of having joined in it, and that his defeat was attributable to that cry. He would pass to other places where it was said that the anti Ministerialists had triumphed Whether it was a trlumplutmuincilto be seen He had heard or pe titieiiF, and until they were disposed of it would be premature to remark further upon them. In East Bourke the majority had not been so very overwhelming He felt some hesitation in alluding to the case of his own election, but it was necessary to do so, and if the unions of Brighton and East Bourke were to be taken as tests that the popular feeling was against the Ministerialists, surely the election of the Ovens should weigh inthooppositescalo Ills majority exceeded that of all the others, and but for the defect in the pro Etnt Electoral Act which prof cated the diggers voting except in the division in which they registered, that majority would have been numbered by thousands instead of hundreds hon. members had not given the Ministry a fair trial and left the country to pro I notice upon the fitness and their measures, but perhaps they had heard that night the cholera which rang outside the building (laughter) He could see that hon. members on the other side treated with indignation the cheers of those working men, but would perhaps find 000 long that they could not treat them with so much ridicule and indifference It had been argued that the Ministry had obtained their power un- fairly (Hear) If that be said, It would be casting an imputation, not only on the Ministry, but on the majority of the members of that House, because a majority had concurred in the note of condemnation by which the late Ministry had been displaced The hon. member for St Kilda (Mr Sargood) was half ing between two opinions he had said that he did not regard the vote as one of want of confidence, whilst he admitted that he had no confidence in the Ministry It had been said Mint the hon Chief Secretary had acted wrongly in not consulting the majority who voted with Illili upon the construction of his Ministry He contended that that doctrine was a novel and absurd one, and that there was no instance of a gentleman entrusted with the formation of a Ministry being called upon, or expected to adopt such a course Mother he (Mr Wood) nor the country were disposed to treat the present question as a more personal one, in which character exclusively it had been dealt with by the Opposition The cry out of doors was undoubtedly measures, not men" whatever I might be sold to the contrary The hon and learned gentleman then proceeded to contrast the policy of the present with that of the late Ministry), and first upon the important question of the lands or the Crown, he referred to the bill proposed by the late Government having been printed and put out of the way of their successors and contrasted their intention of granting leases to the squatters for Ion years, and the postpone- ment of the collection of rents till the 1st July, 1858, with the policy proposed to be introduced by the present Ministry of Hu owing the land practically open to selection The policy of the late Government's ton i tended had driven tens of thousands of our inhibit I tants to the neighbouring colonies of South Australia and New Zealand (No, no), and he had heard it stated by persons now in the colony that unless an immediate change nora effected in the land system they would leave the colony. The hon Chief Secretary wished to see such a land system adopted as would attract population from Europe, and he would i appeal to li Jil members whether the pulley brought down and recommended to the House by the hon and gallant member for South Melbourne would have had that effect VA 1th respect to the important question of mining rights, he would ask hon. members whether they were prepared to go to the country on the policy proposed by them in opposition to that of his hair, friend the Chief Sooittnr) And again on the one b ration scheme Such a policy as that enunciated by the Ministry was that which would alone, he was assured, satisfy the people of this country, and if it was only for the one measure, irrespective of all the others to which he hndreforicd, of making representation proportionate to population, and the shortening of the duration of Parliaments, he said that the country ought and were prepared to support them With reference to the [gentleman of sequined affair sentences, who acted as a sort of Boswell to the hon and learned member for Melbourne (laughter), he presumed that that gentleman was against the Government because the hon and learned friend was He judged so also from some) observations which had fallen from, bat hon. gentleman (2 He is " from Dr Evans, and laughter ) No one could have a greater admiration of the hon and learned member (Mr Michie) than had he (Mr Wood) but after all what had the hon, and learned member done that he should be ranked as the champion of the people on the present occasion Why, because Mr Michie was arrayed on one side and the Colonial Secretary on the other, was it necessarily to be assumed that the former will be right and the second vi long The colony had done a great deal for Mr Michie, That what, he would ask, had the gentleman done for the colony in return? Let the hon and learned member point out what service had rendered the colony) during the many years he had had an opportunity of doing it service It is true he had introduced a measure for the purpose of of try ing sub-contractors a lien on the work performed by, them, but it had fallen to the ground still horn He had not, he confessed much faith In a nominee member, springing all at once into a self sacrificing patriot (Hear ) Um hon friend the Colonial Secretary has ntl or sought the appointment of a nominee member and II his intimation had been money making, li might have been one of the richest landowners o holders of property in the colony but instead of this he had used his exertions for the good of the people and had shown a dish to write his name on the page of history in the words of Milton, he had "scorned delights and lived laborious days It had been said that his hon. friend the Comm! honor of Public Works was influenced by sordid motives in accepting office but could it be said that man who had sacrificed his liberty and his life in li comedy u cause could be influenced by sordid mi flies With reference to himself, it could scarcely L said that he had been influenced by gain he had been sent there by his constituents in order that I might render the state some service Before he sat down he would ask hon. members on the other side to consider the effect which the carrying either resort lion Could time on the minds of men lovers of fair play, who would not join in sending a box of men condemned without a fair trial, on me of business, who had no desire to see public time wasted on the Roman Catholic body, who thought they were disqualified by their real gion for holding office, and on the minds those who would look upon the restoration of the p i Ministry, as, both in theory and practise, the suppo of a monopoly There was another party to be com- dered besides the Ministry and the Opposition, at depend upon it if the Opposition was sitting as a Ministry now, the country it would sit in judgment of the Mini tri Hereafter (Ohoois ) Mr 1 1 DI V asked permission to say a few words reply to allusions made to him by the solicitor Gen ml lit believed that what he had stated on the hustings at Brighton had not been misconceived to the hon and learned gentleman, for he had had a 1 ample opportunity of hearing what he (Mr i.Mo laid on the occasion. He (Mr Levien) bid lot has brought forward for the M name , it was true li I name had been month and to that constituency Jac I it was owing to a mistake that he had not been r tinned (Lmghtor) Ihofict was that the returning officer of one day labour i cf used to take a vote In his favor while the returning officer of another distinctive n refuse, and this difference between them lost him a vote and his c cc loss He would put it to the hon and learned member if it is is fair to him, having pi weekly heard his statement, to repeat the assertion the House of Mr MOORE, said before proceeding to explain of reasons why he should vote in 1 favour of the motion he wished to take up the last expression of the Solicitor General, and express to that gentleman thanks for the very questionable support which had afforded him on the occasion of the late election for the city 'lila hon and learned member li remarked upon the fact that it was owing to so strong votes as his, and upon such questionable su port, that he used his position at the head of the But from the large and important constituency will be represented, in which comprised persons of all It is i of politics- he had received no leiiioiistiancos w reference to lilac notice since he tutored the Hon. A. great deal of stress had been laid-a with very bad t lo, as it appealed to bin on the demonstrate >n tables had been made that d < (Hear) It appeared to him that covert arran] ment had been made In the adjournment of a debate on a previous e owing In order to allow some such iluinoiHii ition t > bo mili- to influence, possible, the i uses of the House (Cheers find " No Instead of the petition i 10th had been (learnt that of oiling produce any influence on the vote of the members ardent House, he thought it discreet able on the pallor those who had preceded it to the cheers of the association I multitude should In been heard in the House was a view of influencing their deliberations, and therefore had no objection allow the hon gentleman a allies all the bone which could arise out in" this demonstration (Cheers The hon the Colonial Secretary had stated that had applied to him (Mr Moore) and others I their assistance in the roi me more or u Mlnliti and when the hon gentleman called on him the suit that he felt it to be his duty to call on the me prominent members who composed the majority I was present at a preliminary meeting at width t resolution which was proposed by Mr. OSluinas was agreed of but the resolution was only intend! to condemn the bungling manner in which t expenditure of the public money had been made a was not looked upon as a vote of no confidence , b when the debate came on the question assumed different complexion, and he quite agreed that t then Colonial Secretary could not have looked up it in any other light than as a vote of no confidence He (Mr Moore) had pledged his support to a resolution, and therefore could not go back ] excused himself story honestly and sincerely fro accepting the proposal of the Chief Secrets on the Boko and principal ground that was too much engrossed in his own business affairs to allow or his sacrificing his til either to the public or his constituents He felt bow to say, how over that when the hon. the Cb secretary called on him he presented a programme some ten gentlemen, out or whom he proposed to ice this colleagues While declining to accept a place the Minister i, lie endeavoured to convey to Mr O'Sh' assy In all sincerity his opinion of the peril which was running in selecting as his associates some or t men whom be regretted to say had since been sold by him, and taken into his confidence He also t> Mr O'Shanassy) at the time, that while he sym blitzed w Ith him in the formation of a Ministry, it would give him his supper at the Ministry were p peril constituted, still that he took exception to so of the names in the list Mr O'SHANASSY said the hon. member was di a ing entirely on his imagination He had carried programme to him Mr MOORE Perhaps not exactly a program but a list out of whlthltlio Ministry were to be select Mr O'SHANASSY said he might have had a list the two forty-nine in his hand, and he had It there. Mr MOORE repeated his assertion, that he saw birt or eight or ten persons out of which it was p posed to select the Ministry. He could bear big te! mony to the very great ability possessed by the be gentleman at the head of the Government, and considered that he ought to form cue in any Admlnist ton which might be formed, but, in the present Blanco, he feared he had been destroyed by the offer of some of his cello rogues to obtain place It was have been a proper feeling; on their parts if he had waited their personal claims on the honours Soutlcmiii s good nature, and not have peri! an Administration by forcing theuuelTes bran Fire Chief Secretary was like a sturdy ( Irish oal whose existence was sapped by the number ofparasilie-il plants which were fastened about him. A great deal of capital had been sought to be made not of the programme which had been put forward by the Ministry, but they had put forth a programme such as was sure to meet with public favour, for it was not in human nature for them not to put forward such a programme as would be sure to meet with the support of the country and that House I Itsocnied to him, however, that a good deal of the money was but a hash up of that of the late Minis- i try (Hear, hear, and no ) He was aware that there had been a good deal of agitation about the immigration vote, and although the Chief Secretary and his colleagues had not avowed their opposition to the scheme, still they had rendered to the decline which was abroad against it. When the immigrant n scheme was before the House it was carried by an almost unanimous vote, the only division which took place some one on the question of departments He would remind the hon the Chief Secretary, however, that he proposed to make the vote an annual one, but this was objected to by hon. members on the ground that it should be made as circumstances required. The hon. member then stated the result of an interview which Mr Goodman and himself had as a deputation from a meeting of members of the House with Mr Haines, when Chief Secretary They urged upon Mr Haines some modification in the plan of assessment of stock, and a considerable re- diction of the rout of the runs, also the amount of support which the members of the Cross Benches were likely to give to the Ministry if their suggestions were favourably considered, but Mr Haines stated that he had made up his mind that the squatters could pay a certain amount of rent, and if he could not carry his measures, he was prepared to resign office it had been said that this was an attempt to restore the old Ministry, but this he denied. He disliked the old Ministry, and disliked the present rise, but it did not follow that because he had assisted in ousting the old Ministry, that he should support the present He was satisfied that the first loss of public time will be the least, and that the Ministry which would succeed would be able to secure the consistent support of that (the Opposition,) forms table side of the House (Cries of "Name") Allusion had been made to the hon. member for Brighton that he was a quarter of the squatters but he would remind hon gentlemen on the other side that the hon. member had been as associated with the present Proinlorln the celebrated pastry cook shop movement It was not on account of being a squatter that the hon. member failed in being returned for the city, but in consequence of his indiscreet alliance with that movement (Cheers) He should be at all times a body to account for his conduct, or for the vote which he should give that evening, when called on by his constituents to do so (Hear, Mr GOODMAN referred to the self glorification of the Solicitor General, and said that if a man of equal ability and rope ation had opposed him at the Ovens, he would most assuredly have been at the bottom of the poll there. The represent Ives of all the metropolitan constituencies, of Moll ourne, Richmond, St Kilda, and Brighton were ranged against the Ministry, with the exception of the fishing village of Williamstown The hon. member after a speech of some length, announced his intention of supporting the motion Mr SYME said he agreed with Mr. Goodman that they ought to look at man as well as measures He had always said mon as well as measures, or measures as well as men and was free to confess that the members of the present Ministry were not all that he could wish He was willing however, to compare the Ministry, man with man of the old Government on with their successors All that could be alleged by law out of the motion was an alleged accusation against one member of the Ministry First, it was Foster and Duffy, and Du fly and Foster, all round, and now It was all 1 Obtci (Laughter ) There seemed to him to be a kind of political retribution or the other side of the House, when he looked at the difficulties with which some of the gentlemen who assisted in ousting the late Ministry, had had li taking their seats on the Opposition side Hoalludoi particularly to Mr Michie, to whose influence it was mainly attributable that the vote of no confidence was carried, and that the present motion would he carried and whose opposition too had narrowed down to J Foster He thought this had been carried quite far enough No one, at one time, had taken strong opposition, and had done more to create the feeling which existed at present in this colony against Mr Foster than he did, but subsequent facts had enable him to modify his opinions In an article which he had written some time ago he laid down the principle that Mr Foster should now be exempt from all participation in a former Gov commentator he could seen reason why Mr Forster should bear the burden of a the mismanagement, and all the other members of the Government go free The hon. member (Mr Good man) had spoken of a want of cohesion among the members of the Ministry, but this was nothing now, and he believed a similar story could I said about former Ministries Acryhadalsoboonralse about the corrupt practices of the Ministry, but there was not a single class of the community which he not been bribed by the late Government At Port find the cash was on the way At St Kilda a poll vi is offered At Melbourne the cry was Public work and deepening the Yarra The clergy, too, wet bribed by having the Stiitoaid paid in advance I need, not a single class was exempt, not even as I press (laughter) No doubt the vote would against the Ministry, but I should vote for the amendment as one of the twenty nine who vote against the late Ministry in the full understanding what that vote meat He could bear personal testimony to the fact that the Chief Secretary had us all the exertions in his power to secure the a lesson of the leading members of the late majority After the vote had been carried he films heard Mr O Shanassy say that he shall do nothing towards the four it in of Ministry until he had SUCH Mr Michie He felt a vote to be unconstitutional, and had no doubt expressing the opinion that the Chief Secretary was not bound todibiegard it. It was an infringement the prior negative of the Crown for all reference of the rat ter to the '29 was thorough republicanism, and such vote as the present was an interim once with the ring of the Crown to decide on the characters of those who were selected to form the Administration If t motion were carried it was due by lil in to consult tional usage, and to his principles that I should demand that an opinion should taken of them as well as to his me He looked upon the present struggle in the colony a struggle between those who were eager to grasp it ' he is of the colony and found here an aristocracy and the demo at of the colony Disguise it as they could this vi is precisely the struggle which was going on Ulio Oov etna cut ought not to give upon the fit total of strength, but were entitled to say that the liicaBUies should be tested If the policy were do stated, he should appeal to the country no au ported the amendment (Question ) j Mr L \L0I1 said that owing to the peculiar position which he occupied in the House that, evening had sired to express the reasons why he should give a vote which he intended to give that evening It has been stated that the opposition to the Governor had been on account of the religion of two of its men there but it was needless for him to state that, being I theemiureligion,thiitwasuotthegrouiidofhisoppo I tion He believed there had been faults on both side With regard to this quest ion-(Astrangor bone enter the House and took his seat, line on theorists he had made being intimated to him, he loved a great deal had been said, and the Chief Secretary had taken credit to himself that his policy was a" liberal than that of the late Government, but t lion number fugOv to st do that this measure we have been b used on a osohttit was passed by that Hour The Chief Secretary trol credit to himself for not about to his place a measure concerning mining private land but he (Mr I also) believed that the house, so many difficulties in the way of complete such a measure, the Chief Secretary has received many hints from the late Attorney General s office, and from public opinion He did not think that the superiority of the press over the past Government was the question before I House, because the late Government as a whole I ceased for ever to exist He opposed the present Government as he would have voted against the last, the piCbont treasurer had formed a part of it, for (halted that officer not only with the misappropriation of public moneys, but to be accountable f0r the Mr II which was shod on Ballaarat j]l0h C ember make a silent roll cat from office, and did I come down to the Council to defend his conduct i since then had remained in private for two years t nowhostrhed to saddle his late Excellency with consequences of his acts-an office which was 6' greater than the other crimes which had committed If the honourable men could not carry his measures in the old Com why did honorary office, and thereby accept the reponsibility of the measures which he now said w forced on him by Sir Charles Hotham? The h member then quoted the opinions of Lord Cartwrl and Mr Sandys to prove that it was the duty of Legislature to point out to the Crown when members of the Government were incompetent "wicked, and resumed his Boat by observing a good measure ca, in the hands of bad men, Soro had gerous as had measures in the hands of good men Mr rtTE would not at that late hour dot the House at any length He would only say In ference to the topic last alluded to, that he did believe the hon member! was blameable for what I occurred at Bilhuuat The Ministry were not be censured for that which he believed to be the fault Sir Charles Hotham He well remembered the vi taken by hon. members on the debate on the demnity Bill, and he felt that that bill would is met with more opposition had the Ministry boor blame, but he was the only one who had consisted opposed it With regard to the resolution before House, he thought that the hon. gentleman had li guilty of an unjustifiable attack on the present nistry This resolution was a transcript of that we had been introduced by Sir Pool in 1841, and Macaulay denounced it as an entirely reconstituted one In 1840 Sir J lardo Buller introduced i r lution somewhat similar, but that also, although rented at three Roman Catholics who sat in the P, Council, was opposed as unconstitutional Why not hon members have the moral cost to state frankly their objections to the Ministry ' Duffy was perhaps objected to because of his and dents in the mother country, and others of Cabinet because of other clrcutmtniiccs-tholi cr principles, of measures Let the House look at position taken by the Government benches that o< ing He felt that all the balance of ability and quence ERS with them, and If thou speeches v correctly reported and went forth to the out! particularly that of the hon the Solicitor Gonor they were calculated to produce a very consider- effect on the country in favour of the Ministry Duffy had, with a manly eloquence peculiar to 1 vindicated himself from the charges made against 1 and now the country would see the value of the tions opposition raised No factious opposition been raised to the late Administration (oh! i and yet he saw that "no opposition were de mined to give unreasoning votes against the seat Government, without trial He felt If Chief Secretary wore heaton that night, it his duty, in opposition to an unprovoked and unconstitutional motion to appeal to the corner notwithstanding the very great inconvenience w must result from such a step The programme of administration had met with the acceptance of colony, and he felt that it was not the duty of Chief Secretary to resign If defeated He should port the anioiulmotit Mr GRANT said that In compliance with a sun tion thrown out to him, he would move that till late he adjourned (Loud cries or " no, no ' ) M the Opposition so eager to got on the Treasury bent that they could not wait a few hours it was 1 past twelve o'clock, and some of the most present in members of the Opposition had yet to speak, and ! there were gentlemen on that side who had yet to speak for three or four hours n picto ("Oh," and a laugh ) he appealed to the good sense and feeling of the Opposition He moved the adjournment to four o'clock that day A Mr HUGHES seconded the motion. Mr BLAIR supported the motion. The original I motion was of such importance that even this collateral issue "almost a degree of importance from it, and was deserving of the very fullest discussion They had been in session eight and a half hours, and if it came to a question of physical endurance, there were on that side three or four speakers three that he know of, who were quite exhausted He observed also many gentlemen on the opposite side of the House who were bound to vindicate to the country the course they intended to adopt He thought, there for, that there should be an adjournment for a few hours As he had a good deal yet to say on this quiz tion, he could proceed with the utmost deliberation (Cries of " Question I ) He was resolved to abate not one jot or one word, and he was taking care not to diverge one hair's breadth from the question. He | announced that he was determined to have his say and to take his own time in saying it He must tell the House that it compromised its dignity by refusing the reasonable request for all adjournment The In t tuition on the other side appeared to be that the de- bate should be choked oil, and those tactics were resolved on because two of the journals had recommended that the donate should be stilled Both for the dignity or the House itself, and for the sake of the importance of the question, he should hope that there would be no member who would accept that COMBO Let him remind hon. members that the character of the House depended upon their out-spoken opinions-its talents and the best of its genius were to be discovered in debate He therefore contended that every one ought to express his opinion upon this important question, and he might say that he had been delighted to find that the spirit of debate had been developed during the consideration of this question Mr RUTLEDGE rose to order. He appealed to the House whether the hon member had spoken to the question during the last ten minutes Mr SNODGRASS contended that the hon. gentleman was speaking to the question, and ought to be permitted to proceed Mr O S HAN ASS Y trusted that the House would see now that it was one o'clock in the morning whether the debate ought not to be adjourned, as many members had yet to speak, and particularly as an attack had been made by the hon. member for St Kilda upon him to which he had not replied, and which reply, is not given, would not be published in the newspapers Mr RUTLEDGE said the suggestion would have come with better grace a quarter of an hour before, but he would not now consent to adjournment if they stopped till that time on the morrow Mr ADAMSON was understood to say that he thought the hon Chief Secretary ought to repudiate the conduct of the hon. member, Mr Blair, who had been for a considerable period speaking against time Mr BLAIR (angrily to Mr Adamson) When I want a schooling in the minor morals or correct speaking, I will not apply to the school from whence you come Mr -OblERniust really request that the lion gon domain would condense his remarks a little Mr BLAIR intimated his intention to deal with the question at length, in order that this debate might be continued with all the gravity and deliberation which its importance demanded this debate, besides being useful in the manner he had pointed out, had also elicited and completely cleared out the charges against the individual members of the Government, and now they had been dealt with in such a manner that they could not be raked up again they were disposed of for over The hon gentleman proceeded to deal with the question of ad journal' it is an extremely lengthened speech, his remarks becoming very diffuse, and his topics divided into firstly and secondly, then firstly, secondly, and thirdly, and BO on, infinitesimally He further pressed the adjournment on the ground of the unusual lateness of the hour, and the necessity of not disposing of so important a debate In a burrow 1 manner The defence of the Hon. the Chief Secretary should be simple both in its political and personal character, and he urged that on the principle of fair play he should not be restricted in the time which such a defence would require, apart altogether from the space which the lion and lean ed member who moved the resolution would require for his reply He warned hon. members that if the adjournment were not agreed to there would be no division that night on the original motion, as it was the intention of the side of the House on which he sat to move a second amendment of no factious kind, and that much eloquence would be drawn forth from both sides of the House before a division was taken on the original resolution If it were success is, too, there would be a third amendment, in order that some hon members should be taught that even net of that House should be dealt with solemnly A reason why an amendment should be moved was, that the people out of doors should be taught that that House was not amore bear garden, or an arena for the display of personal animosity, but that, after all its members were bent upon bringing out for their offer motion and guidance the grand policy which should guide the country's future Mr SNODGRASS appealed to the hon members the Opposition benches, to give the hon the Chief Secretary fair play), and not pi owes him to reply) II they did, he would adopt the same course as that followed by the hon. member for Talbot Mr II LI OWS said that he had no intention violin i lethe matter. He though ttliaUhcappllcatlon had ce a mile too late Mr MICHAEL After the deliberate and most unprecedented insult « which has been offered to this House all claim to asking us Indulgence has been lost has not unaccustomed to sitting up late, and I would rather the in submit, as one of the representatives of the people, to the outrageous insult which has been perpetrated upon the public, be prepared to sit for ever (Hea-, hear, and applause ) Mr. H UMlHtAY appealed to the House for an adjournment, In justice to the Chief Secretary Mr HU I LEGE said that the appeal should have been made an hour ago Mr O S I AN ASS Y I did so Mr RUTLEDGE Then a hour and a half ago It was now too late after the challenge of the lion mern her for Anglesea Mr O CAMPBELL alluded to the constant practice of the House of Commons to sit to a much later hour, and suggested, that there would be no unfairness to wards any of the journals Those speeches which could not be printed in the issue of the morning, could be deferred until the following day The car cumstance would be attributable in a great degree, to the v prolonged verbiage of the hon. member for Talbot Mr 1 OF I CR They cannot be reported Mr C OiUl'BLLLi I have ascertained that the reporters have been taking a long spell of course the reporters could not be expected to exert them selves during the long speech of the hon. member Mr SYME rose to correct an error made by the hon. member it would be impossible that the debate could be deported if it was prolonged, and he was quite sure man If not reported to morrow, it would not be done at all (" Question ) The SI LATTER said that the course pursued by the hon member for talbot was one he had a light to follow, but it was one which, if adopted, would lead a great inconv onlence Mr LALOR said that when the late Ministry was ejected no adjournment was asked for on their part As to the debate it being reported the Govommon reporter was now waiting, in the "gallery to report the speech of the hon. the Chief Secretary, and must report the speeches on that side ( of the House Mr J T SMITH said that it seemed to him the hon. members were disposed to idle away the time and he was disposed, if they were determined tod so, to oppose the adjournment If he were not r s ported he would not be much concerned He coal train!) had not the advantage of a Government shorthand writer to watch what ho sale The question was then put, and a division called for Amidst cries of" No, no The House was in the act of dividing, when Mr 0 SHANASSY said that he would not put the House to the trouble of dividing since they seem resolved to proceed, no "¿U'*1 take mischance °f<>Tr disadvantage, and address them that morning. The result of the division was announced as Ayes 18, Noes 34 The House then adjourned for a few minutes refreshments On the resumption of business, Mr 0 sHANASSY (rose at sixteen minutes past two o) and said Mr Speaker, before 1 commence in ' reply I wish to take this most fitting opportunity i asking any member of this House who knows anything to Bay of me, or of the gentlemen associated with in in the administration of this country, to state It now If any hon member lins anything now to say, I wish before making my reply, to afford him a full oppo guilty of stating, either personally) or politically, i mayors or in mends whatever he may complain of because I can scarcely conceive that it could be regarded in any other light than as shirking the responsibility which attaches to members of the House 11 who have to wind up the debate, after listening to all the charges against myself and my friend should have anything hold back until I have concluded, at cut shall be debarred from answering I There is no man in this House who would not cost delay, and I am BUIO public feeling In this com he) would condemn, an hon French; who should thus hold himself in abeyance until I have concluded I pause now for a rope (A short pause ) Then, Sir, I take it that all that is to be said has been said by hon. members in the House Air HAINES I wish, Sir, not to addresses House, but I do not admit that the hon. member in the light to close this debate, and I think that it is right which, if he claims it, will not be conceded I him I have some matters to complain of som matters I wish bring before the House. and although I am reluctant!! address the House on the present occasion, ashes is not my wish to take any prom non-party In the debate, after what has been said Oj the hon member, I shall think it my duty to address the House Mr O'SHANASSY I can scarcely conceive that ought to he decided to reply to all the charm levelled at this Administration by the gentleman who brought forward this v one of want of confidence nr commenced it by an attack on Its Individual you bein, when those gentlemen held Bomothiurr i xcBorio to fall back on Ally are they so yawl liars He time, place, and occasion, and everything is rbf '' uono,bJ T" i" Public, life has been on in such a manner that I court the strictest inquiry into all my actions, words, and conduct It is as worthy of an hon member to say that he has many things to complain of, and that he will state them at times when I shall be debarred from making, an answer to " The SPEAKER We must not in the case donal from the usual order of the debate, and before the hon. member replied, every hon. member may' have an opportunity of addressing the Haul on the general question. It is only the affairs ment which has been disposed or adjourn it Mr O'SHANASSY, before proceeding with a, question, asked If any member had anything further to say against him or his colleagues. oTtnÄut&i; ^»h'*ÄPaU8 fora repLy before T toiaSrrtnSÄnbrra short pause' "I T I Mrs. IIAIfi^s rose and said he objected to the hon member's closing the debate He had some observations to address to the House "users Mr. O'SHANASSY said he ought not to have been made at m> 0re nU ° Offices was best 1 The SPEAKER said the debate should e4 u He proper order. If this was not the case the business of the House could not go on. a . - I . . Mr. SMITH regretted that the hon, the Solicitor General should, in his defence of the living, have cast at stigmas the illusion long dead, but he believed the words had been put into his mouth. As mayor of the city has' ' had had frequent communication with the lalor. C." Both with reference to the Ballaarat riots, and I could state distinctly that had Mr. Foster t given his late Excellency the advice which he ought to have given him, the calamity would have been prevented. Reference had been t made to the extraordinary character of the present vote, but it was not more extraordinary than the conduct of the present Ministry when on the ' Opposition benches, for a considerable time he had observed that they had done all that they possibly could . do to turn out the late Ministry. The hon. member re-, ferred to a meeting of the friends of the Ministry which took place at Keeley's, at which certain. ' no members were present, Mr. Fyfe, the member for Gee- ' long, among the number, who although declaring their confidence in the Colonial Secretary, refused to give their confidence to the Commissioner of Public Works. Mr. FYFE said he made such an observation as had been referred to at the meeting, but since then he had made up his mind to support the Ministry as it stood. ' If he had thought that the opposition to the late Mr-" n¡6tryhr.d not been actuated by pecuniary and personal motives He should have supported them oftener i (han To had. he had given great attention to the business war and had been brought before the House, although, he had taken a small part in it. If the balance of parties. had been even before the late exhibition which they had had on the other side he believed a majority would now be obtained on the opposite, he thought!' that the largest portion which could be allowed should be given to buy off such a nuisance as had; been inflicted on them that night. i Mr. BLAIR rose to order. This was a personal attack on him, and made in a bad spirit He appealed, to the protection of the House against assault and' insult. The SPEAKER hoped hon. members would abstain from personalities. ; Mr. SMITH continued, and said they were called out to support a Ministry which was not yet complete. He, did not think they ought to be sitting in that House without an Attorney-General and a Commissioner of Trade and Customs. He believed the Commissioner of Public Works would carry out the duties of his office to the best of his ability and with honesty, but supposing a complaint was made in bathhouse of the construction of a bridge which had cost the country £20,000, the head of the department would say, " Oh that was the work of my deputy;" and as merely a political head, of course the House could not censures him. He could not but believe that Mr. Horne had accepted his office merely on account of his having been one of the majority which ousted the late Ministry, and was merely holding his office until a successor had been found who should be competent to the duties,. Looking at the exhibition on that side of the House it was too much to say that they should be called on to support measures and not men, for he believed there were men on that side of the House who would Sup- pen at any measures for the sake of office. Mr. SNODGRASS asked the hon. member to OJecopG him from the sweeping charge he had made. ' ' Mr. SMITH said he believed the hon. member was perfectly qualified both in purse and in principle, but still he would have been very glad if he had been elected Chairman of Committees. Mr. SNODGRASS said he had not solicited a single,, vote. Mr. SMITH continued, and deprecated 'the huo ander of No Popery which had liJolr raised, and instanced cases in the late city election in which persons had been thrown down stairs and out of the window, at Keeley's, because they voted for a Protestant. They know boys small n ball would tempt a man. Mr. BLAIR again complained of the personal remarks of the hon. gentleman. Mr. RUTLEDGE said he had heard Ki". Roebuck make more direct personal attack: on the Secretary of the Treasury In the House of Commons, and yet that hon. gentleman did not wince. Captain CLARKE said the first imputations of our most motives had come from the other side of the House, and had been directed against the members of the late Government. Mr. BLAIR asked if the hon. member (Captain Clarke) referred to him individually. . . Capt. CLARKE : Yes, decidedly. . ! Mr. SMITH said he wished to put a case to the House, and after the hon. member had fritter, away the time of the House, openly and avowedly. Mr. BLAIR asked if he would be allowed to reply to the charge of corrupt motives made against him by Mr. Smith, or to the observations of Captain Clarke. The SPEAKER : Certainly not. Mr. BLAIR said, in broad terms, the charge made by Capt. Clarke was fundamentally false. Mr. SMITH proceeded, and said he believed on the whole the late Ministry was incalculably superior in point of ability to the present one, and therefore the change could not be for the better. If they had made up their minds that the men composing the Ministry were not the men to carry on the business of the country now was the time to say so as he hoped that the gentlemen entrusted with the formation of the new Ministry would do so on broad and emphatic principles. He had attended no meeting on either side, but had been looking quietly on. Ha feared it would be to the serious detriment of' that colony if the public business were not carried on by an energetic and strong Ministry, and in order to secure the establishment of such a Ministry he would support the motion. (Left Sitting.) as 