THE LAYING THE FIRST STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH OF S. S. MICHAEL AND JOHN, BATHURST. This event which has been looked forward to with such lively interest by the Catholics of the District of Bathurst, took place on Monday last, on the Feast of St. Andrew. His Grace the Arch- bishop, who had arrived on the previous evening at the Deanery from Sydney, on Sunday morning was present at the High Mass celebrated at St. Michael's Church, at which a very crowded con- gregation assisted, and again in the evening sang Vespers, and give the solemn Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. His Grace delivered a sermon characterised by his usual affectionate eloquence on both occasions, and the choral services were more than usually solemn and effective. On Mon- day the day dawned brightly and auspiciously upon the event which will form such an epoch in the Catholic history of this town— the foundation of that building which will, no doubt, hereafter constitute the Cathedral Church of the Western Districts. Lonj; bnfor? tho hour nppointod lor tho commencoinont of tho oeromomus, tVeijiiont groups, arrayed in thoir gayest uttiro, ini«ht bo seen wending their way towurds tho scono of action, or tiusioi) in .siirveyinjf tho excavations prepared f»r tlio buildinsr. As tho hour of uloven approachiid, St. Micl-ael's Churoh wan filled bv n coii«rn^'nlioii, comprising not only all tha leading Calholii-s of tho district, together nith thoir poorer broth-en, but also many members of every other denomination, and Slass'wns celebra ted by the Rev. Father Brennan, at which the choir assisted with its usual efficiency. At the conclusion of the Mass, a procession was formed from the Deanery, headed by the Confraternities under the auspices of the Church, and by the Building Committee, and followed by the choir of St. Michael's, by the Acolytes, and the Clergy of the Deanery, including the Revs. Father Murphy, Father White, Father Phelan, by Father Brennan and the Very Rev. Dean Grant, pre- ceding his Grace the Lord Archbishop, whose train was borne by two assistants. On arriving by noiith tho inaruucL1, urecteil over tho site, tho Arch bishop, robcl In his urohio|iijcopal vostmentj, and with his mitre »nd crozicr, nfti-r recitinjj u short prayer, fir.-it ' proceeded to blesi tho milt and water presented to him, and then addressed tho mitltitiiilo iHsombleJ, in cxphiiia ion of tho core monies whiuli. woro to fullow. His Grace ad vertml to t.he groat antiquity of sneli rites, and stntoil tant so' curly as tho awond century after Christ, baforo tho per*ocution of Diuclcsian, thu followers of our Lord word found opo.ily bnil in^ churches, more' commonly ruis.d'ovor the tombs of tho Marty r«, and thonoo called ' tha phico of tho ilarlyra,' which wero dedicated t- Gotl, either under tho namo of that Martyr, or, under that of somb Aiioitle or SuinL'lbr which reason *'tho romaiiis of tho Maityra still re|ioio within ;iho altars' of all dtholio Churches.' -' lie then ex nlnineil tliouse of tho blessina nnd :min);liiig together of suit nnd water to sprinkle tho persons, places and tliinirs appropriated to tho mo of tho Church, and tracod tho practioo up through the early fathers, St. Basil, St. Ambrose, St. Augus tine mid others, us having boon used in their days up to tha Apostolic times, nnd as denoting .purity anil incorruptibility, and also ns procuring muny vpiritual blessings, not by any virtuo of the oloments tlmmsblves, hut bj virtuo of the prayurs pronounced oyor them, by tho efUcaojr of tho! Grace of God obtained by tbbso prayers, dnd'by ths diniio'itiona of thoso who used them. At tho conclusion of. this address, whilo tho Archbishop, '?tanJin^ uumitrcJ, sjiriukled the place desiana teil asthe.iitoof lh« futuro High Altar,, which had been (Harked with a cross on tho previous niifht, nml nftor rcoiting several prayers, nnd attoml«d by tho choir siuging the 83rd. l'salm, Quam dilida UtScrnacula lua ' How lovely »ra (li)- tiibonmclus' procoedoil , to the foundations of tl.B Tower, vvlioro lh» lint stone was .ippuiir.cl lo !-.; laiJ. Alter blessinjj tho slono.'nnd sppiilf-' liiiS it with holy ^yS'liir, 1-N liraca, tjikmg- i tiowal in his Si-andfenfraTod vil cros|p»'up9n tho j£l: ? _ i*ofl of tba %\jone, «iying ' In t''O nime of tho Father, and of tho Son. anl of the Holy Ghost,'! thVoboir afterwards ts'nging ths'Iiitany of the; Saiutsr Imine4ulu)y'afwr, the Archbishop belli;; tuiired, and the co.nant Invin.-, bi- en propired/ the ohoir suns thn '.',1'SOtli Piialih1 Niti Dominui a:li.lkv- erit, ' Unless JtheJiOril build, the hnusB'' nijil liIi'.Qroeo then, proceeded to l*y tho'first'»tona iii ths foumiation, the. trowel mill muil.it bein^' haiided tA him hy Mr. Uomlcrsoii, tho Archi tect of tha olmriih und Bn^ineuri employed on the preparation of tl)o foundations, and then . nIToroil up th« *foHuw!iin- prayer, '. In the:' faith of. Jenus Olirist, wo'plaoo this first stone in this founda tion, in tits name of tho Father, and of tha Son an-l of tb« llolv Ghoit, tUat tbj trua .faith, and tha fjarof God, and liMthwIy Iova mayhore flourish,, anil tbafthiit pi ioo niav ha'app'ronriiited' to prayer, and to the oaltirii:' upon and pruisinsj j-f tin) nnrna of t.liu-imo Jhsiii OhrUt our Lord, 'who with the Fathfef -ami the Sjii, llvoth ami roi^noth, oiioGcul world irilhout end. 'Amen.' Th« stone' wns tlien- fixed with coinant, nnd a™nin sprinkldil with holy water,'-tho ohoir recttiiisf the SOth Pidlm, , Misers) t mei. Deui/'.'ll^'o mercy upon ino. 0 Go-l !' uliur whioh tho Arohbishop H-ent r.miil, sprinkling the whole foumlations, followcl by th» iinmunse innllitudo asjuinblo'l upon the necmion, tho ohoir ;,sinifinsj the Sli'.h P«ilm,'' Funiluniinta ejui :in\montibu) '.tnnclit, 'Her foumlatiou* ure in thu holy mountains,' and tha li'.st I'salm, Lxlatua aunt, ' 1 was glad when thny taid unto me wo will go into the homo of tho Lord,' nnd finally returned to the1 place of tlio tint stone, where he commenced the hvmn Pern Creator, '''Ounie,' Holy ' 'GholV. Oroatur' come,' wbioli was'poiitiiinoJ by this choir. vAftur a fthort Tiraviir. tlio Arohbishon aittinur iu his clwir, and wearing his mjtre, ndilressel tho people axsambU'd to tho fullo\vin!» ell'eol:— 'Having imw pprformyd that part of tha ceremonial which balougs ihoro parliaiilurly to the Chiu'oh, wo now o.Ul on you, dearly bolove.l, to perform your part, anil thin' bring the fmsinoss that has brought us togothor to a sntisfaotorv uoiK'liKion. Your pin in, to raiso the funds required for thu erection of tlio Church. Already a uoiiftidetable sum has boen ' contrihutod, and though tha erection of tho-churali on which wo nreinow cngaije'l will domnnd a larger sum than bus been expoudod on nny of our churches out of Sydney, yot wo do nut doubt but your generoMty, your sense of piety, your; Iove.of your lluly roiligion will provide Uio ineanv It /is not noi;o3J»ry to rofor to your past ?'. osertions. Tho spirit by which you are now nnimati'd U, I'am certain, equal to the exertions von may :- he called on to make j for it U the -spirit with which .our forefathers in the earliest ai;os of our. holr , faith, wore animated. Wo road in tho Sacred Sui-lpt'tres that tho Apostlns and 'nfterwanU thoir followers, culchratud the hotioit rite-i of religion in private lionsej, anil tho faithful duiliaatod their (Iwollinna to tho Dorviuo of God. Kings wore but too hiippy to offer thoir paluces to the purposes of religion whonco tho word ' Busilicn,' ,wns adopted in eoclesinstioal phraseology. Constantino divoitod himsolf of his imperial robes and wris proud to bo seen with his own hands to fill twelve baskets of. earth, and with his own strength* lo curry:, tboin from tho foundation of that church which was to bo dedlo'ntcil to tho service of Gud, umlor tho invocation of the twelve ApnstltM, unit -nt--ln wo recolleot when, many yaars since, wq paid our first visit tu Dathurnt, how the , Eternal : Sacrilioo was offered in u small room of a private dtvelling, whilo tlio greater nninhor of the faithful, cbiigrcr nated from distant districts,- wero: for' want of accommodation exposed in the open air.' With incrcajoil means und innreasoil.nuinbors uroso your presont church. And as of old B.isilicns suo coeiled to privato hoinei, ,so havo you resolved, that a oliurnh mo-o worthv' of its ol'jeots ( more oommensurato to your means and' numbers shall testily to your fce.il in the cause of your holy faith, - an J -yot no cannot be mirprised ; for your intoniion, is not. to build a palaoo tu a king- or queen whom in gratitude, you lure, -but to erect a temple in which you may commune in devout nilbctons with' tho Lord God' who oreati-d you ;.nor ia this nil, for your holy,faiili tuaohes yon that within those walls will abide that same .Goil.'who, in tho infi nitude of bis love,, for your mike hecumn rniin. It is therolwu tn you a Uetiilohem, but not with povei-tv and wrotiihudnoss, it i3 to yon a Naza- reth, but a Nazareth which has been made the palace of the Great King; it is to vnn tlm tn...pln whero Jo3in will toanli , ..,. lioi'ctoloro nmon^ tho Doctors ; above all it is to yon tlio Mount' of Calvary,, with all its |)ricelu« trensiiros of redeinption, bat with out its ignominies and oruoltic.-f. Hero then trill yon conio to ho present nt that 'rcia Ktcrhnl Sacrifice each day renewal, by whioh tho world has benn retlconieil. ? With such cunsidcrations before your minds, can your manil'oMtnti M of zeal surprise I And thiin what advuntagi* to enoh one of you ! Hither afflicted and disconsolate will you come to pour forth your porrows into the oar of Him, who said to tlio widow of iSnin, 1 weep not.' Hither will you coiiio to uckuow loditti in nil humility your* trans^resaions,- mid to receive the comforting insurance, that your sins are forgiven vou for thnt ' you hnvo. lovoil much.1 flutter will you corns to bo fed with llie bread tint nourishoth unto eternal lifc. Hero will yoii sit with Mary, at thu feet of Josus, ' treasuring lit Your hearts the words of truth'.' ilero will yon hrini;yoiir children to bo legoneratcd unto Uod hi tho waters of Baptism. Here at a later period will you present them tn tho venerable l'ontitl to bo strengthened by tho imposition of his Imnds, and prepurvd for tho slrngyles of hfo, null whuu that luit hour shall upproauh, when the houI ahnll cist about for means of defence against the terrors of despair, your contributions towards the erection of this Clu'Vch will opon to you a source of vpn solution. It will bo a refreshment to yunr wearied thoughts tu know thnt jour mortal remains will fter the ilcp irt'urd i of life bo 'con- voyed by 'Ifiictionate hands, and deposited within thoso walls, so endoarod to you dnrini; life, und alter having been hallowed by the Adorable S.ci-ilico which shall ho oil'erud for tho repose of your souls, slr.itl he thoucn cu-ried to thoir lust resting plnco amidit tho iurveut oxcl.imations of your surviving brethroii, in tho fuith that rest eternal may be yours.'1 ? ...... At tho conclusion of this exhortation, tho Archbishop pronounced his solemn benediction upon the .multitude nssumhled, and tho' coup it ceil nt this moment was most impressive. Tho sun shone, brightly upon the iininimso masses of people congregated upon the ground, aud tho many varied hues of thu ladiei' toilettes and tho magnificently jewelled and bmb oidercd vbstn.cnts of the ArohbUliopcontmst d most imreeably with tho moro sombre coloured robca of tlio attoiidant priest*, and tno white surplices of tho ncolytos, nor was the effect less imposing when the pro cession was first discerned approaching tho site of the foundation from tho IJcancry Wardens, the fine clear tones of tho l'emnlo voices of the cliuir flouting with most, delightful efrcct through tho morning air upon the vast ussumbhtge upon the gruunil. A collection wus made alter tho cer«l mony had concluded, which, wo beliove, amounted to tlio lurgo sum of i89G 17s. 2d , and nmungst tho contributors wero not only those mombers of the itoman Catholic Church who wero present but nUo very many persons belonging to p othor denominations in tliia toKii,— n most healthy aiiyurr of that feeling of brotherly lovo and cha rity which, after all, ttro tlio lest characteristics of the trno Christian. Wo cannot ooncludo this notice of iho i roceediii^'3 of tho day without udvorling to the hi^h gratification which must be experienced by the Very llevd. Dean Grant and his - coadjutors at the very brilliant success whicli has hitherto uttumlcd their ciforts, ns also upon tho satisfactory manner in which tliopro cnudingswero carried out throughout Uio cornmony. Hi* Graco tho Archbishop, wns received with the deepest marks of reverence and affection, and did not »eem in tha'lotsb degreo fatigued by tho unluous duties which : devolved upun him upon this eventful occasion. Wo subjoin a uopy of ihe inscription engraved upon the bras* plate lot into tho foundation stone, whicli is characterised by its olwsto and elugant Latinity : — 'In fido Jcsu Chrisli ot ad honorem Dei Altissimi lnpidom istum primarium Eccle.iico _S. S. ilicliaelis et. Joanuis coltocavit itovercndissimuj et lllmtrissimtis loannes Ileda. Arohiopiscopus Sydneien-is, dia 30 Novombrls, anno millcsimo ootiugentoirim6quiniiu.igi!.iiinj noptimo. Adfnero Itoverenduii almodum Joannes Grant, llea. et, caitari Ueoanatus saccrdotes, adxttinto coronii fidelium nsiiplisdima' i|iil pii-H munoribus lapidem .-murittuin ouinuUvoro. Kognmto in UniuniU Victoria, cjuij vprs vino in AiMlrjIm Guliul'.nn JJeni-on, IC((Uito Aurato, gei'onre. huprennii.iero liocluniui .Cbristl Jfiutor .trat, l'lus Papa Nouua, Huos et quern Dens lospites diu con servo t. ' j-Vfe understand that tho- now ohuroh. will, be, built iii the early Engliih style' of J architecture, ( periiaps the most graceful type .of tlio Gotliio; ord r. ;? The leugth, induilin^VtheCliaiicel, will: bo|abuii_t 150 foot, by awidth of, SO- feet. Tljo Niivo'will be, Rurmoiintdil by a clereatory, and there-will aUo be 'a,''liandsoiiio stnincJ glass window at the' Ohanoel end. with a tower and spire at tho opposite end/. The' foundations lo u ilopth of live i'oet, will bu oompojeif of solid con crnti*,! thus ensuring the - building from those uiifnrtunate.oiijualties' from .which ncarcely ?:. any edifioV ot impjrunoo iu jjathursl' ban .'proved itself oxempt. Every thing bids :fuir, to promise, that tho projuotel - niiurch- will. hi) ^haruotorisod by soIMity, cnnibinot with tlio e'le* -nna 'wliic'K is so 'peculiarly inalienable froiri a;'Gbtbio'nbuildirig' porreotly, designed; after tho pure oinmplea of thot middle ages. The foundation stone laid on Mon- day by his Grace the Archbishop was of solid granite and was procured from a quarry in the immediate neighbourhood of Bathurst; it is of excellent colour, and we trust will be extensively used in the new building, as well as in the erec- tion of other public edifices in this town. 