I I " THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. 1 The following circular haa boen addressed to ( ) clergymen of Ibia Diooeso by tho Lord Bithop t Sydney i ¡ Sydnoy, Juno Slrd, lejj 1 BnvßnrJND AND DEATI Sin-Having recently ben < communication with «overol of tho clergy upon the J i jeotof a Churoh Agsem^bjy fçr.tbiaDiocose, I flout : important differences of opinion exist, espeek' t amongst the senior mombers of the clerical body TÍ regard to this question, * 15 .- -Before-I proceed-further in a matter of so much i ment to tho Cburch;of -whioh' ,we are ministers i« : may odd -to the 'country in whioh we live, I th'S . desirablo to ascertain from the clergy the view« i r entertain on the questions I now submit to them, i '' In addressing you upon this important subject, J 1 seeking to be guided to a right judgment concernió)] i I desire on roy own'behalf and yours, that the B f Spirit of wisdom and of love may so direct and n» i our thoughts and acts, that tho Gospel of our Lords , Saviour Jesus Christ may have free course and be gio* i in this land. . From the period of my appointment to thew, .. Sydney, I have regarded the establishment of a Cl*! i Assembly as a question requiring t?ie mott carefolta ; sideration of the members of the Church of England* i Ireland in tbis colony. I: have no wish to avoid i i labour and responsibility with: which this sntWjl i invested,'but I cannot think'* it wise to involve rnjtó] ; its acknowledged difficulties without those ad vu J [ which time, observation, and experience alone CID ml i ' It may possibly appear to some, that since the J [ 1852 a sufficient period bas elapsed, and that we sbS [' immediately take up the question' as it was then left, I i] ~" This hos'been done in the diocoues of Melbourne'^ [ Adelaide; in Now Zealand measures are nov ia2 , gress,'which will, in time','result in tho formation SI ; 'Churoh constitution';' in "Tasmania deliberations M r recently commenced ;' in the diocese bf Newcastle ooii i has,been done- tho same must be said of Sydney,! , bur case,1 however, it should be borne in mind tbitV i nearly three years subsequent to'1852 tho diocese^ [ without a bishop, and that tho practical evils arisini J . of this state of things had,, in tho .first instance lok remedied. It was obvious, 'that if the Church of Eucla i, .was to maintain its ground in this country, tfaefg f thing to be done was to 'supply the eni r want of clergymen, and . schoolmasters, ri ; this view, the Church Society was formed, by mesa r which, and , by funds obtained in England, and fa . other souroes, I have, under the Divine blessing, a t ceeded in obtaining the services of twenty-five addigja i clergymen, ten schoolmasters, and two catechists, i The Churoh Society being cordially and almost is I versally supported by tho clergy,' and very generali;) f the laity, bas thus far, as will be seen by the rm i accomplished the design for which it was estibliiW .' under any circumstances sn organization of this b 1 was indispensable,' but it would be a rhisappreheniiai ) my own views and of the views of tho friends ol b j Church Society to suppose that it was ever intendelui . substitute for a Church Assembly. I certainly täl f that under tho circumstances in which I entered gp t my episcopate, the former was the more needfoljcl I in this opinion, 1 believe, tho- great majority di f clergy and of the laity concur; and Iii i regard the consolidation and extension of tho CW i Society's operations and the adjustment of our eta i tional difficulties, as having more pressing claim! upi I my time and attention than tho formation of a Cte : .Constitution. , The course whioh upon mature consideration ap;« r to me to bo tho wisest and most prudent to adopt,iii f following : I propose, if God permit, to visit Melbourne in 4 : spring, and to take counsel with the bishop of thatt 1 cese, and also to communicate with the Bishop,o( li ) laide on tbis subject. i The Church Assembly of Melbourne and the Biota . Synod of Adelaide are framed upon essentially difes i principles. One appeals to the Legislature to gili fi ; sanction and authority of law to its enactments; fl i other is satisfied with a mutual compact between i i bishop and the clergy, confirmed by tho exeoutioñsl i trust deed. In New Zealand, also, the latter pritqi . is adopted ; but a fundamental regulation is introln \- which does not appear in. the other constitua : This is " the veto," to' be exercised by the blsbcj ' his' discrotion; a power claimed by ray right rete« i predecessor, as one of, the inherent rights ott . Episcopate. ' i Upon these and other points of great important desire to confer with my right Reverend Brethren,! i to reap the benefit of their experience. If this should seem to some of the clergy tate ' unnecessary delay. I- believe there aro others vboi i agree with me in thinking that- the time so ociOfM; not really lost, and that wo shall be more likeljiorai .? the end in'safety, as we wisely and circumspect!! ú i the woy by whioh we are to attain to it. 1 My own impression is, that in the forantia the proposed Churoh Assembly, wo shall gain ts ' advantage by the opportunity for deliberation, ttii the experience which a longer : delay will-iii But as yon are equally interested with myself inti . subject, it appears to me desirable that I should foal ' communicate to you my opinions upon it, and ¡Milell expression of your own in return. M I beg, therefore, to propose td* you the follets questions : 1 1. Do you think it desirablo that immediate iii; 1 should bo taken to summon the clergy and laity oí ti Church of England to a conference upon tho subjected Church Constitution ? Or, 1 2. Do you consider it desirable to allow farther ti to elapse, in order that enquiries may be nudes 1 information obtained as tn the best mode of proceed^ ' I am aware that in 1852, when similar enquiries TI 1 made the laity of the Church of England were conrail 1 and valuing 09 I do their co-operation, I shall begM 1 you will communicate to me the opinions of any OR 1 bers of your congregation upon this subject, togeft 1 with their names. I In conclusion, I earnestly invite yon to unite «¡tai in prayer, that wo may soek and obtain the ilrii 1 which cometh from above; that tho gift which the ri» 1 and ascended Saviour has purchased by his atonem 1 may be poured out upon us, oven that Holy GhostÉ Comforter, by whom alono .we can bo guided into? : truth and purity and peace, to the glory of our Heirs ' Father, and the union and edification of the Church. 1 I remain, reverend and dear Sir, Ixour iauDiai Burranv in nunn, ? F. SÏDSttl 