THE GHOST OF " THE FIRST GENTLE MAN IN EUROPE." I Lloyd's Weekly.) At a certain hour in the past week might have been seen by the mind's eye what seemed the cor pulent form of gentleman weighing, in the eye of a carcase butcher, about twenty stone, noiselessly gliding along the pavement of Brighton. Reader, that misty yet voluminous pedestrian was, we have it upon undoubted authority, the ghost of George tho Fourth, erst the First Gentleman in Europe, when, if he were really so, gentlemen were made after a different sort to the received gentleman of our time, the old Georgian mould being ignomini ously broken, and oven as a cogged and detected die. Now, as it is to all believers an approved fact that ghosts have a due sense of public decency, and never appear naked, but pay their visits in their old habits revived for the occasion, so did the ghost of the First Gentleman appear to his old beloved Brighton, in the very blue coat in which Laurence painted him. A plain coat, it will be remembered, for the First Gentleman had at that time cleansed his heart of the spawn of foppery that canie forth in golden frogs (none of your imperfect tadpoles, but frogs, bull-frogs, yea, John Bullfrogs) on the habit of the Regent, for which the devout reader may see Annual Register, 1812. The Frst Gentleman wore the same succinct smalls, tho same exquisite boots ; carried on the ghost of his anointed head the same brown wig, curled as are curled the heads of painted seraphs, and glossy as an angel's wing. The First Gentleman had placed his hat upon his head ; the hat that, as it is hoped the reverent reader will remember, in the great work of Lauroncc lies beside the royal thigh upon the growling sofa. "We say, this shade of tho First Gentleman had somehow emerged from St. George's chapel, Wind sor, and was conveyed in a royal chariot of air, drawn by horses of smoke, and driven by shadowy postillions in flame-coloured jackets, and brimstone tinted breeches, straight to what was once tho First Gentleman's Pavilion. The shade of the First Gentleman dilated like a thunder cloud when it found its old abiding-plaee desecrated, scorned. Alas ! satyrs and owls inhabited what was onco Babylon. The First Gentleman dismissed his carriage to the Shades, and thon with a Jovian frown—a frown that for a moment seemed to aggregate tho curls of his wig into thunderbolts—he turned, and took his melancholy Way. It was some little consolation to the poor ghost to pause before its statue. ' That at least romained. An ungrateful, an oblivious Brighton had not yet cast down that Btatue, re casting it into candlesticks and door knockers. At least, that was something. A trifle consoled, the First Gentleman took his way towards the Town Ilall. Carriages rattled to and fro, pedestrians crowded to the doors. And what the cause of this rattling to and fro, this crowding and hubbub ? Why, the very cause that had drawn the shade of the First Gentleman from between the lead of Windsor vault to visit Brighton. One William Makepeace Thackeray had begun his Lectures on the Four Georges. In the good old times, when the First Gentleman was to Brighton what the Great God Pan was to Arcadia; in the times, when Eldon doubted and when Sylvester hanged, the said William Makepeace—had he ventured to lay his irreverent finger even on tho doorstep of the House of Hanover—would have been constrained to chow the cud of his disaffection haply in Horsemonger lano, haply in Newgate. But the times are changed, and dead kings are now to be anatomised as erst were defunct felons at the Hall of Surgeons. And so Mr Thackeray drew about him crowds of people to behold and wall consider the fleshly idols the people before them had tremblingly obeyed, and fearingly worshipped. When we remember the tender, the lively interest that the living George the Fourth continually displayed towards his nearest and dearest relatives ; how he piously obeyed his father, and dutifully waited upon his mother—(we say notliiug of his wifo ; for like most wives, she speaks for herself)—when we remember his filial virtues while alive, we may not wonder that even his ashes should be kindled by their wonted fires towards Brighton to know how the profane lecturer would be dealt with at the hands of those who, in tho flesh, had worshipped George the Forth as something only considerably stouter than the angels. TTnhannilv for roval hones, the nrofane lecturer is listened to with breathless pause—is cheered, ap plauded; laughed with. When he wields h;s power of scorn, edged like finest steel, the people now shrink at the application of the instrument, and now glow with satisfaction at the social ulcer probed to the root. When he would wither by his irony, it is not by a Hash; there is 110 coruscation, no effusion of sparkles, a moment bright, then dark for ever— but the lecturer lays on the colourless, eating fire; a harmless goose-feather steeped in vitriol. Naughty boys will lay hold of sister's doll's ; will punch holes in them, and, all in frolic, shake out the bran or sawdust; or pull out the rags that make the doll's interior being. Even so does Thackeray treat the dolls of the House of Hanover. Even so does he eviscerate those uncouth German toys, once dandled 011 the knees of nations ; now with their sawdust shaken out, now pulled to bits, he shows the Georges First and Second. George the Third, honest in Jhis very obstinacy, with his poor, glim mering lights, has frank justice dono him, and George the Fourth haute justice. The large success that has attended Mr Thacke ray's Lectures is among the most wholesome aspects of this times. His Lectures are full of the finest morality ; now and then bitter, but with the aro matic ilavour of the best bitterness. Certainly, there is no pounded sugar in them ; there are no candied cakes, the paste mixed with ass's milk for delicate stomachs ; no sugar-barleyed things for grown-up babes; but food for thoughtful men and women. We do best service to our readers when we counsel them, wheresoever in their neighbourhood Mr Thackeray may set up his pulpit, to go and grow wiser and better for his sermons. A parting word on the Ghost of the First Gentle man. Arrived outside the Town- hall, the crowd was too great for tlio Ghost to mix in it. The Ghost waited, then made an attempt to enter; then discovered that the hall was too full even to admit the tenuity of a ghost. In dudgoon the First Gen tleman took his way towards the Stoyne. Passing on to the ohain pier without paying the necessary copper—George the Fourth was never ready at ready money—the First Gentleman whiled away the allotted timo of the First Lecture. Alas, poor Ghost! May it ho more lucky tho next venture ! 