INQUESTS. Accident from Firearms. — On Thursday last, an inquest was held at the "Queen's Head Inn," Wellington-street, before M. Kennedy, Esq., on the body of Richard Wilson, an immigrant who arrived recently in the "Forest Monarch," and who, while out shooting on the East Tamar, with several other immigrants, was accidentally shot by one of them in the side, when they were stopping to lunch in the bush, near Pinkie Farm. Dr. Maddox was sent for to visit the poor young man : he ordered Wilson to be conveyed to the Cornwall Hospital, where he died. The jury returned a ver- dict of "homicide by misadventure." Apoplexy — On Friday, an inquest was held be- fore W. Gunn, Esq., Coroner, at the Tasmanian Inn, on the body of Joseph Hickling, who fell down and expired while felling a tree on Mr. Cawe's farm, West Tamar, on Wednesday last. From the evidence of Joseph Connack, a labourer, who was working with deceased at the time, and the statements of those who knew him, it appeared that deceased had the name of being a hard drinker. Dr. Maddox did not make a post mortem examination to ascertain the precise cause of death, but from the appearance of the body, he was led to believe that death had resulted from apoplexy, probably by rupture of a blood vessel in the heart or head. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from natural causes. An inquest was held at Mr Carter's, "Welling- ton Inn," on Monday afternoon, before W. Gunn Esq., Coroner, and a jury, of whom Mr. I. Sher- win was foreman, to examine into the circum- stances of the death of a man named Michael Law- lor, a gardener, lately in the service of Mr. W. H. Walbourn, of Glendhu, where he died rather sud- denly on Saturday morning last. The evidence of James Lawlor, brother to de- ceased, was taken first, but it was of little im- portance, as the whole of it, except that deceased's age was 33 years, was more fully contained in the depositions of other witnesses. Elizabeth Lawlor sworn— I am the wife of the deceased Michael Lawlor ; he had been complain- ing for about three weeks of a severe cold and pain in the chest ; on Tuesday night he commenced taking medicine which I brought; I had gone for Dr Clarke, but he was not at home, and I got from Mr. Dix, the chemist, another bottle of the medi- cine which deceased said had done him good; I asked Mr. Dix for some opening medicine; he gave me a box with four pills ; these are two of them; my husband got a powder at Mr. Dix's on Tuesday; I paid 6s. for the bottle and the pills ; I gave him two of the pills between 8 and 9 o'clock on Friday night; I gave him some of the cough mixture at dusk that evening; during the night he was continually rising in consequence of the pills; at 12 o'clock he complained of thirst, and about 4 o'clock he died when getting into bed ; he had no spirituous liquors : I had put a blister on his chest which he said Dr. Clarke had ordered for him. By the Foreman — He said Dr. Clarke ordered the medicine ; I never saw Dr. Clarke myself; I believe my husband only saw him on Tuesday ; he was never out of the house afterwards; Friday was the first time I went for the Doctor. By the Coroner— He was confined to his bed from Wednesday night until he died; he com- plained of great pain in the bowels and sore throat after taking the pills; he was very much purged ; he had not complained of such pain before ; I can't say whether he evacuated any blood. The Coroner then adjourned the inquest until 3 o'clock yesterday, when the evidence was taken of Mr. K. P. Dix, who deposed that he had supplied the medicines named by the last witness, and pro- duced the prescriptions from which they were made up; when he gave the four pills, the directions he said were to give the patient two at bed- time, and the other two next morning, but if the first two operated not to give the others. Dr. J. L. Miller sworn.— I have this day held a post mortem examination on the body of Michael Lawlor; I found traces of recent inflammation of the air passages; and partial inflammation of the lungs ; I also found that there had been recent in- flammation to a very great extent of the stomach and bowels; either of these inflammations were sufficient to have caused death ; I think that ex- cessive purging would, in the weakened state of deceased's stomach and bowels, be likely to hasten his death ; inflammation may have existed in the bowels before deceased complained of pain there. I have known of such cases. I consider the pills produced very strong opening pills, and that two was a very strong dose even for an adult in perfect health. I think the pills were much too strong for a person weakened by disease as Lawlor was, and that the excessive action, if not inflammation which they produced, probably hastened his death— otherwise he might have recovered. R. P. Dix recalled— examined by Foreman— It is the practice for chemists to supply opening me- dicine to persons who ask for it, and I was not aware of the state the man was in; of the same des- cription of pills I have frequently given two night and morning, without any bad effect resulting from the use of them. Mr. W. H. Walbourn was examined, and he corroborated the testimony of the other witnesses as to the state of health deceased had been in. Deceased had complained to him about a fortnight before, of having been hurt on the side by a plough, he advised him to see a doctor, and de- ceased said he would see Dr. Clark. Witness ad- vised him to see Dr. Maddox as he was their fa- mily doctor. The Coroner summed up the evidence, and left the jury to consult upon their verdict. In about ten minutes after they delivered the following verdict. The jury are of opinion "that Michael Lawlor died from natural causes, but that his death was accelerated by the action of the pills.' Our translation of the latin prescription for the mixture of the pills, runs as follows :— Barbadoes Aloes ; Compound Extract Colocynth ; Powdered Rhubarb ; ditto Gamboge and Calomel, of each one grain, and Croton Oil a quarter of a drop to the contents of each pill. A Case of Hardship.— Five men, who arrived here in the schooner ' Mary Ann,' on Monday night, make the following strange statement : — That in May, 1856, they agreed with Mr Joseph Risby, ship builder and timber merchant of Hobart Town, to go to Macquarie Harbour for twelve months, for the purpose of cutting pine for him. They went there, and were left on shore with three months' provisions. The schooner was to return with a fresh supply each three months dur- ing their engagement. They were supplied regu- Iarly until the ' Gem' was wrecked when they contrived to subsist five months on three months' rations, and then seeing no sign of her return, they left to make for an inhabited part of the island, by travelling round the coast. It took them thirteen days before they reached Wool- north, Dr. Grant's station, where they were most kindly and liberally treated by Dr Grant's brother, who resides at Woolnorth, and by whom they were sent up to town in the ' Mary Ann.' During their thirteen days journey, they had nothing to subsist on but four pounds of flour, the wild tea plant, and such shrubs as grew on the almost barren hills they had to cross. They crossed the rivers Pieman and Arthur in catama- rans, and other streams they swam over. The weather was bitterly cold, between the effects of which and hunger they were all but exhausted when they reached Woolnorth. They could not have existed another day without food and shelter. They were compelled to leave all their tools and other property behind them, with the timber they had cut— the fruits of their fifteen months' labour, and they are now here completely destitute. They applied to Mr. Arthur, at the Police-office, yester- day, for assistance to proceed to Hobart Town, in order to got paid by their employer. Mr. Arthur had no public funds at his disposal for the purpose, and it could not be expected that he would supply aid on such occasions from his own purse. But the people of Launceston have ever been liberal in relieving those of their fellow creatures who have suffered and been left without the means of sub- sistence, by circumstances over which they could have no control. The men, we believe, were kindly sheltered last night on board the ' Mary Ann,' whose master had treated them very hos- pitably on the pasaige up. Their names are Wm. Benbow, Henry Connolly, John Wilson, James Merry and Justin M'Carthy. Attempted Burglary.- On Sunday night last, three or four burglars attempted to pick the lock on Alderman Cohen's private door in York-street. Mr. Cohen fortunately heard them at work, and came to the door armed with a useful six-barrelled revolver, but the ruffians were quickly of sight and hearing, and escaped, as there were no constables on duty near the premises. Mr. Alderman Cohen has, however, taken such steps in his place in the Municipal Council, as will lead to an improvement in that respect. If the Government cannot devise better means of protection for the lives and property of the inhabitants than those at present in existence, they must combine to protect themselves, ! or we are convinced we shall soon have devolved upon us the painful duty of recording some fright- ful deeds of robbery and murder. Inquirer. — Twenty thousand spars of 100 feet in length, from seven inches and a-half to twenty-two inches calliper diameter, can be obtained In Tasma- nia, and shipped from the beach. Mechanics' Institute.— Mr. F. A. Wales' lecture, Subject — "Sketches of the Early History of France," having been unavoidably postponed on Thursday evening last in con- sequence of the inclemency of the weather, will be delivered in the Cornwall Assembly Room, to-morrow evening. Congregationalism in Australia. — The following is extracted from the letter of the London corre- spondent of the Melbourne Argus written on the l5th May :— "With its growing wealth and rising political importance, it is satisfactory to find that Australia does not neglect the propagation of the principles of religion. About three years ago the Rev. M. Poore, accompanied by the Rev. M. Fletcher, left this country under the auspices of the Colonial Missionary Society to undertake the oversight of the Missionary cause in the Austra- lian Colonies. Mr. Poore who travelled much and has been eminently successful in his work, has just returned to England for the purpose of inducing 16 ministers to return with him. The 'Noncon- formist, ' in speaking of Mr. Poore's labors, says, — ' He seeks men of mark and power — the best England can give her sons who have gone to lay the foundation of a new empire, in a country rich in all that is essential to material greatness.' He brings the requisite funds for the passage of those ministers to Australia, and is able to give the as- surance, that, in the country of his adoption, the laborer is deemed worthy of his hire. At a meet- ing of the friends of the Colonial Missionary So- ciety, held the other day, Mr. Poore gave an interesting account of the present state of the Australian colonists, especially with reference to their spiritual necessities and prospects. His representation of the catholic spirit pervading all sects of Christians was received with much satis- faction, endorsed as it was by Mr. Dawson of Australia, who was also present. Newspaper Property. — We are informed that there is a probability of the oldest newspaper in Goulburn changing hands. Its present owner is said to be very anxious to dispose of it— possibly from finding it unmanageable in his own hands. He has, however, amassed a few thousands during the time it was ' sole monarch ' of the field. Mr. Maitland, Commissioner for Crown Lands, Goul- burn, is in treaty for its purchase. — Yass Courier. JOURNALISM. — ' Before this century,' says La- martine, 'shall have run out, journalism will be the whole Press. Mankind will write their book day by day, hour by hour, page by page. Thought will spread abroad with the rapidity of light— in- stantly conceived, instantly written, instantly un- derstood at the extremities of the earth. It will spread from pole to pole, suddenly burning with the fervor of soul which made it bunt forth. It will be the reign of the human mind in all its plenitude. It will not have time to ripen — to ac- cumulate in the form of a book. The book will arrive too late. The only book possible from day to day is a newspaper". The Police Office. — Mr. Arthur has com- menced his duties on the Police Bench here, in succession to Mr. Gunn. Mr. Arthur will preside here on Tuesdays and Thursdays for hearing in- formations. On Wednesdays for examining felo- nies and other cases. At Evandale on Mondays, and at Longford on Fridays and Saturdays. Plenty of work certainly for one gentleman to perform. The Electric Telegraph. — The necessary arrangements not having yet been completed, the opening of the line hence to Hobart Town, to the public, has been postponed for the present. The Expulsion of the Chinese from Buck- land. —Earnest as we are as opponents to Chinese immigration, we protest against violence to them. They came here under our laws, and although a burthen to political society, and an expense to the Commonwealth, they are entitled to protection, and those who resort to violence against them are highly culpable. The report, of the proceedings of the diggers at Buckland is a melancholy affair. But we fear, lest the Government take the matter in hand, that the next summer will supply more serious facts on the Chinese Question than have yet transpired. It may be brought to a bloody conclusion by a dispute about water holes. Drive the Chinese back (and they will be driven back), where will they go to? To stations, to inland townships, to agriculture, or to the seaport towns? They are 'only' forty thousand ; and all of them men and brothers— sent hither on the purest prin- ciples of Free Trade.— Geelong Advertiser. Theatre Royal.— The Tragedy of ' Hamlet' was produced on Monday evening last, and we must confess it was not without some misgivings as to the success of Mrs Poole in so very arduous a character as that of the Hero, a character that has been considered a test, to stamp the reputation of the greatest histrionic artists from the days of the immortal Shakspeare to our present time — and those, amongst the many aspirants after dramatic fame, who have added a laurel to their brows by the impersonation of the melancholy Dane, are few in number — very few, indeed, compared to the many who have egregiously failed in so arduous a delineation. Greatly delighted were we to find that the most triumphant success crowned the efforts of the lady — the most astute critic must fail to find a blemish in her reading of the part, which evinced not only the highest order of talent in acting, but a thorough and careful study of the author — and the peals of applause which followed the descent of the curtain, and the unanimous and hearty call of the audience were never ex- hibited more judiciously, or more worthily be- stowed. — The other characters were well sup- ported. — Mr. Byers, as the Ghost, rendered the fullest justice to the part.— Mr. Creswick played Horatio with good judgment. — Messrs. Gardiner, Hasker, and Newton, as Polonius, the King, and Laertes, were well received.- Miss Dunn made a charming Ophelia, and Mr. Dunn, as the Grave- digger, maintained his well merited reputation in the line of legitimate comedy. 'Box and Cox' concluded the entertainments, in which Messrs. John Dunn and Wigan acquitted themselves to the great satisfaction of the audience, testified by hearty bursts of laughter and vociferous applause. Yesterday evening, the old established favourites (Mr. and Mrs. Cameron) appeared in the tragedy of 'Jane Shore,' and were received with accla- mation, in the parts of Hastings and Jane Shore. This evening will be repeated the new original play of ' Patricians and Plebeians,' with a variety of attractive entertainments, for the benefit of the author. It is to be hoped that the Launceston community, amongst whom the piece was written and produced, will prove themselves, on this occa- sion, the patrons and supporters of local talent. To-morrow evening Mr. J. L. Byers will take his benefit — the bill of fare is most attractive— the character of ' Pizarro' will be sustained by a gentleman amateur— and the general cast is a powerful one. We trust that Mr. Byers will meet with the support to which his talent and exertions to please so eminently entitle him. 1st Operatic Company. — The Operatic Com pany engaged for four nights at the Theatre Royal, are expected to arrive this day ; they consist of Miss Julia Harland, a lady who has already attained celebrity as a cantatrice of the highest order, supported by Mrs. Hancock, Mr. Walter Sherwin, Mr. Hancock, and Mr. Linley Norman, the celebrated pianist and Operatic conductor. From the established reputation of these artistes, we anticipate a rich treat. The Operas announced for representation are ' La Somnambula,' ' Norma' 'Maritana,' and 'The Bohemian Girl.' 