"TIMES" ON OTJU POSITION IN' THE EAST. A successful nation, like a successful "Jn dots not txpcct universal sympathy ciiid(ilence in its difliculiits. AVo ? P' quite well how we stand in ill ;t Nir do weti mplain atall. It P iectly nutuial that c ur neighbours l utope end America should be look«1 E ing on now upon tho great Asiatic con flicts in which we are engaged 'with an interest not wholly unplcnsiirftble. We will not quoto the maxim about the misfortunes o( our best friends, because it does not quite suit the case. Our neighbours cannot exactly indulge in the luxury of pity, bemuse our case ;s i not bid enough for that. We are t00 vulgarly prosperous as yet. No, linl there is such .111 attitude as that of .stand. iog by watching with a general idea on the part of the spectator ihat we m,,y pos ibly aet the worst of it, and that llc will not be particularly sorry if «e do Dominant nations, just like public men are accustomed to these friendly expec talions." 1'hey are a ware that m my eyes around them arc watching their course, especially if a cloud is overhead, with a somewhat unsympathetic cuvio-ity. know that we are now forming a plea-un" subject of conjecture to n wide circle. " Noiv, then, what" will Great Britain do ? How will she get out " of tl^ mes> ? II nw will her Indian prestige '. stand ?" &c.; Prophecy is proverbially interesting. Religious prophecy i? tin most fascinating part of theology. Hun dreads of divines become quite indiffer ent to the existing condition o' the world or the church, so absorded are they in imagining nnd guessing what it will Vie. Social prophecy also is very interesting. Half our gossip is prophecy. We discuss the destinies of our friends with treat hilarity-their aims in 1 i h*. abilities, tempers, connexions, their pecuniary resources, and what will he the probable icsult of the whole. Nor is prophecy the less light-hearted for mailing out that the prospect is a gloomy olio. This kind of talk is pleasant enough ; it ranks by the side of ghost stories, dreams, ir arvellous coincidences, and the gossip]of the supern- turnl wo 11. And where a great nation ia concerned the dignity of the moralist conies in. It is quite safe to say that we are a wicked nation, because upon the old proverb, that the " majority are wicked," a na tion cannot easily avoid being so. Well, then, onr great national faults have to be punished, and a solemn judicial vista opens before the censor's eye. A great many people never feel so comfortable as whm they are talking about " judg ments " It is the cheapest form of virtue there is. It costs absolutely nothing,attho very time that the virtuous enthusiasm of the judge is at its greatest height. Now, we hare no wish to rob our friends and neighbours of so many in teresting subjects. It would be cruel to do so. Let them prophesy as much as they please. Let them gossip about us ; let them judge us with all solemnity. We like virtuous enthusiasm, and would not suppress it on any account. I3ut we must remind them of one feature in our case which they ought to know. It appears very certain that we have no quarrel with any nation in the East-i. e with the inns* of people either in India or CI ina. Why, our fleet steamed up tile Canton River amiil an attend ant and tricndly navy of " sampans and junks." Tic invasion-if we aie to call it sn seemed quite a popular step. " Tile boats came about us with " bananas, lemon syrup, and sweet potatoes." " A " Chinaman contracted for supplying us with fresh " meat and vegetables, charging lis hardly more " than the market price." The husbandmen upon " the banks pursued their labours in their paddy-fields under the protection of our guns, which for the time shielded them from the violence of the Mandarin sailors." This does not look like popular haired or distrust. It is true that n fanatical party keeps ns out of Canton, but everybody knows tl.e power of even a small fanatical minority to overawe the mass, especially if, ns in the preseiv case, the interests of the Government go along with the claims of superstition. It remains to be seen what it is which lias shut us out of Canton ; whether it really i< thepopnlar feeling against the stran.er, ns the ChiiKse Government pretends, or whether that is only a pretext of the Government to disguise its own reluc tance to fulfil the treaty. If we are to interpret naturally the behaviour of the Chinese thronging rrund our fleet as it wnnt up the river, the people appear to have no feeling against us. We are ai wnr with a CJ< urr, and not with a na tion. it will be. said that ihe Chinese will do anything for money, and that they know the English have money. Well, we do not inquiie into the motive -we simply state the fact. For some reason or other they seem to have no objection to us. It money is their ob ject, that only shews that the objection to the society of the foreigner yields to that motive, and that what brings them into contac' with us is stronger than what keep* thtm nloof from us. A Chinaman is n selfish anirsial, but that does not interfere with the fact that he trusts us, believes in our lair, dealing, knows we will not hurt him wantonly, and courts our custom and company even when we are invading him._ It is the samp in India. The enemy is our own soldier, and not the Hindoo. Far from joining the military mutiny, Un people, so far us our accounts go, actti ally persecute and maltreat the mutineers when they are caught straggling. A private letter states that 500 of those who had escaped into the Mahomedan valley of Swat were first circumcised and then sold as slaves, «n old native officer rea lizing only sixpence- halfpenny. This, it will be "said, is Mahomednns feeling, n»t British. It may be, but still the fact shows that there is 110 feeling for the mutiny. Indeed, the Indi m authorities have calculated so completely on the apathy of the ma«s in ihe Nortli-Weat that they have offered a reward of £5 for every mutineer brought in, dead or alive, with bis arms. Facts, indeed, appear to show that we may expect in this contest a reasonu* l>le return for thai justice and consider;! tiun winch havti marked our Indian ad ministration. It would seem that this has made some impression ut last upon the nati«e. He knows he is safe under us ; he is not moleHed, i e is not injured. He 1ms bad nearly a century's experience now of ii fair government, under which life and property are protected, lie feels he has no interest in change, atul lie stands aloof from this mutiny just as he v>cnld from any foreign invasion which wvuld be evidently and trans parently for the benefit of the invader I and not for his. At the same timo we f must not forget thntthc Fhankhnsthn of our own crcation is a formidable I opponent, nor (iisguiso from ourselves I (he difficulties r.f a contest with a well disciplined mutiny, which may tax our resources to their utmost. 