MECHANICS' INSTITUTION— LECTURE. The Four Georges. — George the First. Yesterday evening, Mr Blair, M.T., commenced a series of four lectures, in the Mechanics' Institution, on the Four Georges. Tho lmll was well filled by a respectable and attentive audience. The subject of tho lecture last evening was ' The Life and Times of George tho First.' Mr Blair commenced by stating that the lectures had been suggested by a courso on tho same subject delivered iu England by Mr Thackeray, from which, however, he had not borrowed a single fact, for tho very good reason than ho had never seen them. His (Mr Blair's) lectures had been wholly compiled from notes taken during tho reading of Macaulay's History of England, and would consist not so much of his own views or opinions as in the grouping . pictorially of tho facts and persons, making tho king in each case the centre of the picture. After somo pre liminary remarks on Court life as revealed by tho3ebest acquainted with it, nnd by wlikh it appeared that, contrary to common opinion, Courts were tho places least favorable to cultivation of domestic peace aud virtue that they were U10 scenes of political intrigues and dishonorable sqtiablcs, that kings, stript of their royalty were the most vulgar of human beings, that thoy beat their wives, cheated their benefactors and altogether lead a life loss happy than that of travelling tinkers, the lecturer briefly reviewed tho reign of Queen Anne, tho last of the Stuauts who sat on tho throne of England, as introductory to the period em braced in his lectures. Queen Anno began her lifo in tho gloomy Court of James II., — a man who was not calculated to make any one happy ; aud continued in the court of Charles II., which Was not a fit lllaCO for a vmin' n,,,] vtrlnnnn 1 to frequent. George tho First at onn timo piid his addresses to her, as it. was desired by both whigs and tories that an alliance should bo formed between the houses of Stuart and Hanover, but tho match fell through. SI10 never liked George, and, indeed, after the Succession Act was passed, was plotting to bring her half-brother to thc throne. She was, subse quently, married to another, Princo George of Denmark, who was a dull, heavy, pater-familia3 sort of person, and was treated principally as an appendage to Her Majesty's person. He was very lazy, and addicted to the bottle, he grew enormously fat, aud was preter naturally dull. A contemporary writer said of him tnac ne nan tneu lieorge drunk, and George sober, and cotdd find nothing in him. He had no resource but in drinking ; and it was said he infected his consort with the habit. During the whole course of hor married life she was an affectionato and tender wife, and — it was among tho things not generally known — she had nineteen children, only ono of whom, however, lived to the age of twelve years. Anne was under tho rule of flia Tlnnl,... .r ivr ? 11 ? 1. __1 ? 1 ,. U1 iniiuuuiu uyn, WHO WHS a prouu amDl tious woman, and had face enough- to stop a million of Amazons. The Duchess and Anno always quarrelled, even in church ; and Anne, on ono occasion, in passing tho Duchess on hor way to tho communion table, looked round upon her with a scowl of defiance. The Duchess was a furious unbeliever, swore like a trooper ^ in private, and called Anne a praying godly idiot. Anne, had her failings too. She was fond of flattery, and — if the truth must be told — sho was also fond of brandy. The Punch of the day used to call hor 'Brandy Nan.' On her deathbed sho sent for Dr RadclifTe, whose first expression on entering the chamber was to declare that her Majesty was drunk. Radoliffs WI! n. fumnne nlnrcViJon nn.l m.o 1... William the Third to examino his dropsical legs. 'What do think of them,' said the Kiug. 'Think of them,' said RadclifTe, ' why I would not take your two legs for your three kingdoms.' Anue was fond of hunting, but being too fat to get on horse back, followed tho hounds in a chaise, strongly built for the purpose, nnd sn-ift, for she drove like a very Jehu. Dismissing Anne ho came to tho proper subject of tha evening's lecture — George the First. Why was ho chosen King of England ? ? For no other earthly reason than that ho had been educated in the Protestant religion ; for — which was also among tho things not goner illy known — at the time of the Hanoverian succession thero wore no fewer than fifty seven logal claimants to tho Throne between Anno nnd George. Each of these had a rightful claim, and yet it was surprising that the circumstance of Goorge being a right good Protestant, overcamo overy other considera tion in the eyes of the people of Englaud at that day. That Protestantism, like charity, covered a multitudo of sins. No matter thoujh ho was a brutal man, a sot — no mattor that ho violated all duties, privato and public, and all laws, human and divine, tho people supported him becauso he was a right good Protestant. Tho peoplo of England in their zeal for the Hanoverian succession and tho death of the Jacobites, invited him to becomc their nuvuiciyu wuua ue was years oi age. vvnen came over he was the_ most unkingly person imaginable. He was illiterate, ignorant, slovenly and almost brutal in his manner, fie was ignorant of tho English language, ignorant of tho laws, and constitution of the country, and of tho manners and custom, of the people he came to govern. Ho was .altogether a 'dull dog' without common decency of miiinei-3. He was a bad husband, a bad father, a bad son, and a bad man. He kept his wife immured in prison for a period of thirty two years, and his wife and son were the two peoplo whom he most hated. Ho had not ono redeeming quality. Ho hated literature, science, and the fine arts. Ho was avaricious and miserly towards all but Iiis mistresses. Men of inferior intellect and bufloonery wero his companions, and he was absent and self willed in tho highest degree. In fact, he was a big-headed dunce. He was as mean iu his person as_ in his mind. When ho came to England ho left hia wife in prison, but he brought with him a whole seraglio of German mistresses, which afforded ample scope for the raillery and sitire of the Jacobites. Some of his mistresses in passing along the streets one day in a carriage were jeered by the populace. Ono of tho 'ladies' put her head out of the win dow, and asked the crowd in very broken English, ' Why you abuse us. Ve come here for all your goods.' ' Yes,' replied one of the bystanders, 'yes ; and be hanged to you for all our chattels, too.' But tho English people welcomed the German clown as if he Lad been an angel from heaven. They paid him every homago, and duels wero fought and lives lost iu tho enthusiasm of the time ; and foremost among the sycophants was Dr Young, of 'Night Thoughts' cele brity, and who wrote alternately on life, death, and immortality, and in honor of some one of George's mistressos. But Dr Young sought to obtain a mitre. One of his Gorman mistresses, George crcated Duchess of Kendall. She was described by Walpolo as tall, lean, ill-favorod and so avaricious that she would have sold the king's honor for a shilling. Sho was duller than George, so much so that she did not find out that Georgo wa3 dull. She survived George, and lived to the age of eighty-five. She was enormously rich, immensely pious, and in fact set the fashion in piety. George had another favorite, Madame Kiiman segg, who had bolted from her German husband : »he was of a gay disposition, and led George on a dreadful life, George did not wish to bring her with him, but there were various reasons why she should come. She was deeply in debt in Hanover, and she contrived to get Georgo to pay her debts and to bring her with him also. She was prodigiously ugly. Sho was described as having two fierce dark eyes, two acres of cheeks immensely red, and an ocean of neck that overflowed hor shoulders. Such was hor ungainly appearanoe that she was styled the Elephant and Castle. The lecturer then quotod from Walpole descriptions of others of George's mistresses, whom he characterised as tho most rapacious harpies that ever sought to ravish a nation. One, for tho sak: of tho salary, appointed herself Master of tho Horse ! and another, for tho samo reason, appointed herself Mastor of tho Buck-hounds ! Thoy, like tho King, „.L l._ i_l ? r ? .1 . English. Walpolo hated this greedy pack of Germans with all his heart. Georgo liim elf was as rapacious as any of his gang. George hated tho English so much that he could not have an English valet. All his thoughts wero directed to the aggrandisement of Hanover. When in Hanover he was so poor that ho made up his accounts every Saturday night, but in England, although he had £7000 granted hitn annually, hi3 debts at his death amounted to £25,000, which, of course, was paid by Parliament. George, as ho had said, hated most his wife and his son, and actually en gaged in a conspiracy to have his son kidnapped and sent to America. He was extremely superstitious and believed in ghosts, and appearances after death. He promised the Duchess of Kendal that if sho survived him, he would come to her after death. The Duche33 survivuu mm, auu uuo uay a ui»cs raven new in at uer windows. Tho poor woman thought it was the soul of George, and kept it till she or the bird took their last flight- The blackest picture in George's life, was his conduct towards his wife, his cousin. The marriage was 020 of convenience. With a man of honor she would have mado a most amiablo wife. Her misery began with her marriage, and ended with her life. Georgo heaped insults on her, beat her with his fists, and tried to break her heart by neglect, and was privy to a plot for her ruin. A letter was sent in tho name of his wi'o by tho Countess Von Flatten to a gay and hand some gallant, asking him to visit her in lier chamber one night. He came, when Sophia told him the letter was a forgery, and desired him to leave. Ho prevailed on her, however, to let him remain for an hour, and as he left the chamber he was mot in the passage by a party of soldiers and killed. Sophia was tried on a charge of infidelity, and, though tho evidence clearly proved that she- was innocent, she was sentenced to be imprisoned for life, and sho never saw her husband or her son again. George was never known so much as once to mention her name in Bogland. Sam Johnson said of Georgo that he knew nothing, and did not desire to know anything ; that ho did not nothing, and did not desiro to do any thing ; and tho only good thing he told of him was that ho wished to leave the Crown to the rightful heir. He was a glutton, and immensely fond of stale oysters. 'On his last visit to Hanover ho took a hearty supper of muscles ono night, and died of apoplexy next day. Tho lecturer concluded by describing tho party conflicts that took placo among the London populace on anniversary days, such as tho 5th of November — conflicts which were fought in the west and by invec tives in tho House of Commons, and threats of im peachment. Such was a brief sketch of the lifo and times of His Most Gracious Majesty Georgo the First. Tho lecturer at tho close was unanimously applauded. Mr Greeves intimated that tho second Iccturo - on Georgo the Second — would bj delivered on Thursday next. 