(To the Editor of the " Illawarra Mercury.") Sir—In May last, I sent you a letter on Total Absti- nence. The Rev. G. Mackie followed it up by a rapid— or, rather, blunt—reply, accompanied with a promise that, if spared till next week, he would send you an exposition of Total Abstinence. But Mercury after Mercury has been issued since, and there is no word of this " exposition." Mr. Mackie is taking a wise course when he takes time to think; and, possibly, he may have, in the interval, become convinced that prudent delay is the better part of valor. Your correspondent is pleased to say that the first portion of my letter contains "a good deal of truth." So far well. But that the "second part is sheer nonsense." Really ! and wherein lies the nonsense ? 'It-is that 'Spectator' makes the teetotallers; put the pledge instead of the; Gospel : a thing which, says Mr. Mackie, no teetotaller dreams of. His spirits must have been stirred when be read the second part ; for, had he calmly read it, he must have seen that 'Specta tor' attributed no such idea to teetotallers as putting; the; pledge -instead of the . Gospel ; .- except in so far as both the Gospel and the pledge would restrain men from intoxication ; and, to that extent, the teetotallers do put the pledge in the room of the Gospel. ; Is not the pledge for the purpose ;of 'lopping olf drunkenness?-5 Most cer tainly. And 'does not the Gospel 'lop oft' .drunkenness, too, in every; case where it is received? The question with, the. teetotallers is this— ' We believe the pledge will be more effectual in curing drunkenness — the ' physical disease ' of drunkenness—than the Gospel ; i therefore, we shall try the pledge first upon the'man, and wheiii by this means, he has been restored to ' physical souiiduess,' we. shall try tho. effect of tlie Gospel 'upon him: and, so, follow' up with, the Gospel what we com menced witli the pledge' This is the plain English of what Mr. . Mttckie aild his friends are doing. But,- us* to making the pledge save the so'ul, atid fitting it for Heaven; 'Spectator' never thought Of attributing such an idea to the teetotallers. ' Now, what I would rocommeu'd to Mr. Mackie' and his friends is this — -begin to reform transgressors oy tlie Go&pel;, as Paiil and his fellow laborers did ; and not with tlie' pledge. The Gospel is as simple and easily understood as the pledge — its motives were as strong and as well fitted to reach the heart and persuade to newness of life, as those of the pledge — its restoring and healing effect in as certain and complete as that of the pledge. In short, if you -desire . to do ^ood to transgressors — drunkards, or any other kind of sinners — -the Gospel is tho readiest, surest, and most efficient remedy you can possibly adopt; .Why then, not begin, go on, and end with it ? I ani persuaded tlie Apostles would have scorned the very idea of a pledge. I must reiterato that an age of. expedients is a faith'ess age. Do you think Mr. Spurgoon of London would condescend to such an expedient? He uses the identical instrument that tho Apostle Paul. used, and I believe, very much in tho sanio confidence in its all comprehonsivo eiiicaey, and the very streets and, lanes of Loudon forget their vice3 ami lollies and hasten in crowds to hear the gracious words flow from the lips of ' John tho Baptist risen from the dead.' Mr. Spurgeon is a ' man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost,''' and therefore mighty works do show them selves, in him.'! Why are all ministers not liko Mr. Spurgeon— why aro they not like tho early preachers of Christianity ? , The reason, I think, is very obvious, there is: too '^uiuch worldly-wisdom, too much human policy, too many devices and expedients clung to use. In Solomon's time, a woman overlaid a child and killed it — so. ill our time, Christians overlay the Gospel with worldly-wise expedients, and all but destroy its effects. I said : in the part of the letter that Mr. Mackie characterised us ' sheer nonsense,' ' that the secret of zvortd's reformation Vtp.s in. tin* mi™ ' -?/! i\\. t holy walk of Christian men and Ministers,' and that if this id era attained to by Christians, teetotidisni laoiitd ?not be needed. Lot Mr. Mackie weigh this through well, before he writes on the subject again, and I venture to predict that he will speak more thoughtfully. There i3 a sting in tho tail of Mr. Mackie' s letter — he says, 'In fine — what is ' Spectator' doing to leave tho world better than he found it?' And does teetotalism claim the sole prerogative of doing good to tho world? Must we be teetotallers, or livo to no purpose ! . Mr. Editor, I fuel as if some weak brother might ba offended by my liberty ; but. let me assure the upright that I feel deeply for the woes of drunkenness and all other vieos besides, hut that t' am strongly persuaded that some more powerful remedy than the pledge must be applied il tho world is to be reformed. The Alpha and tho Omega of Mr. Mackio's Total Abstinence addresses, orally and in print, is this — 'I will eat no Uesh while tho. world standeth, if thereby a weak brother might be offended,' Thero are not a few texts to this effect in St. Paul's lettors to the Church of Corinth. Now, Mr. Editor, Mr. Mackie would fain mako people believe that they are living iu habitual violation of theno utterances of Holy Writ, if they are not teototallers. I beg to submit that Mr. Mackie miscon ceives the nature and proper application of these passages. But to enter into a full and satisfactory exposition of these passages would require a long letter. I cannot do this at present, but may do so by and by. I would merely say,- at present, that St. Paul did not form an Anti-flesh eatin'' Sociotv ami nlndun tin. n,..*.,!,. members ot it — neither did he form an uuti-murriagu society and pledge tho people us members 'of it ; ^ atld yet lie judged it expedient in his individual capacity, neither to eat fleeli, at least, on certain occasions, nor to marry ; though he had power to do both. 1 would bog further to submit that-, when things which Christians jud^o expedient to do in their individual capacity, aro, through over much conceit about them, magnified into great leading matters— cvon into mountains— and bcconio tho subjcct of certain great or ganisations aud associations ; aiid, in a word, become hubbies with people—so to speak ; thon it is that wo see these matters of private expediency become great leading and jninhi'iiontsl principles, to the injury and dis- , pluceiuem ul wliat-ought over to be the subject ol' priiuo j and all-engrossing consideration. And in accordance with what I have now stated, this, unhappy and unhealthy tendency actually showed it.seHNt-or, perhaps I might sa-» all but established itself— iu the bosom of the Chi'istmu Church, so early as the Apostle Paul's own day; ''o privnto expediency of abstaining from marriage and fioni meats was magnified into an important and fundamental Christian principle. ' Some shall depart lrom tld faith,1' lie says to his beloved son, 'limothy; 'I* itrbid ding to marry, aud commanding to abstain lrom meats, . which God has created to be received with thankfulness by those who believe and know the truth.' Let matters- . of mero expediency be kept iu their own place; that lb; if a man think it well not to many, let liini reulain sin gle, and hold his peace .- if a man think it right not td eat flesh or drink wine, let him abstain, and make no noise about it. And as to the great and urgent matter of raising the world out of its ruinous and festering corruption, let him, like St. Paul, know nothing else among the people but Jesus Christ, and him crucified; and, if this instrument fail, he may save his pains in trying any other. Adieu, SPECTATOR. 