?. ' . TUMUT. V' '. ' ' . ' ; .:. . That it aérer rains without pouring,; our expérience of the last'throe 'months'aban lastly provea. And as with the. weather, so with." our amusements, a Inna* season of dulness.having, been followed, by a small flood ofnovel.!ta. . v /;''.'. "".?"'.'.',. __,' .'; IiBst Saturday night's' wonderful;wizard1 suddenly appeared, with all the bewildering apparatus of a modern Jacobs, and the weird.costume of an antique Dr. Faustus ; and after pounding watohes, buming handkerchiefs, eating (what appeared to. be) platefuls of smoke,.pro duoing' from its masticated remains endless lengths'of ribbon?, turning' nothing Cinto bot punch, snd live rabbits, and all sorts ; of-realities into nothing, nod otherwise bedevilling everything he laid bands upon vanished; notin the usual stage clap-of-thunder fashion, trat ta a light spring cart to bewilder'tbe native mind elsewhere. His cleverest trick was the drawing of some ñftoen or twenty pounds out 'of Tumut pockets, a feat [.that takeB a wizard of tho very highest order to accom- plish just at present. After a long and juicy interval, we aro again cheered I by the appearance :of blue sky and sunshine, tbe last few ¡ days being' all that even an epicurean butterfly could desire ; with a few days more of it we shall most likely fiad that we aro again in connection with Sydney; since, from the Gundagai punt not having been at work for the last faw weeks, we have been most effectually cut off from the. metropolis. Some ninety teams, I believe, were waiting to cross the river last Saturday, and thirty or forty were camped lower down the road. ... ci V I wish, when the next anniversary'dinner takes place, and Sydney orators are congratulating Sydney's self satisfied' citizens on the tremendous strides towards civilization made by Australia sinco her discovery, that "some'ingenious patriot would produce a model of the Gundagai punt, as a proof of the Anglo-Saxon energy and the engineering skill of the antipodes. Egyptian Hall might bavé it afterwards, where, with an imaginary' picture of the Bunyip,, and a stuffed black-fellow, (decently attired, of course), it might beoome a popular exhibition; and it heeds no ghost to tell us that it never will be that on the Murrumbidgee. ' ! November 0. ' ' 