THE OLD COUNTKY AND THE NEW COUNTRY. UJie Old Country is a dear place. Ten thousand thousand recollections hover round it. Its geuius sits enthroned with the hoary locks of antiquity waving o'er its brow, and its white beard, like an Alpine snow-fall, flowing upon its mountainous breast. Its sun is the old familiar face of God looking down, With a fatherly smile, from the skies of Providence. The long shadowed ghosts of the past preside over it. Not a foot of ground, not a clod of earth, but is instinct with memories. There is the homestead of their fathers' fathers. There is the scene of their loves, and of their labours, and of their worship. There they lived, and there they are buried. Shall we say, then, to the bones of our fathers, ' Let us arise, and go hence 1' The New Country is a strange place. Its flowers, its birds, its forests, are all wonderfully strange. What to us are the old ancestral towers of the past ! They had their dungeons and thumbscrews. The future— it is to the New Country. The great To come beckons us onwarda to its shores. Its wide plains aep not worn out and widowed, but vim-in and fertile. If the Old Country has its memories of the patriot and of the hero, the New Country has its soil unwatered with human blood, and its primeval forests uneohoing with the cry of woe. If the one is more hallowed by the recollections of , man, the other is moro consecrated by the solitude with. God. Shall we say to the bones of our fathers, jjet us arise, and go hence?' The over-crowded town is already built over their remains. Their place knows them not. Their spirits no more walk in the charmed moonlight around the haunts of their life. The grot no more echoes. As with paganism, the oracular voices have ceased. No more the nymph sanctifies the fountain ; no more the dryad, the tree ; no more the oread, the mountain. The old faith lias fled. We believe not as our fathers believed. The world is like a mother in travail, groaning with the deliverance of a new birth ; and the New Sountry is the inheritance of its child; for the Old Country is allotted out. The gates of its domains are all shut, except to the golden key. ' No admission except on business,' is the bull of the anathema, that is fulminated by its government. Its pass-word is Shibboleth. If a syllable, a letter, is uttered contrary to the convention of jts pronun ciation,' there is exclusion and death. l?ar. different is it with the New Country. Here, there is an, inheritance for all. Hitherward the spirit of Cppk guides the voyager. Here are the unfelled forests, the lakes, the unclaimed, rentless lands, and -the unborn empires. Hero are the citizens of a giant nation. Here is a city of refugn for the saint; here is freedom from tyrants for the patriot ;? here is a common country for all the nations of the -earth. The promises of this country are groat. It is a gospel land, promising deliverance to the captive, freedom to those who are bound, meat to those, who are hungry, and, the preaching of tho acceptable year of the Lord. Its green vallies, its sunny plains, exclaim to the husbandman, ' Put in the'seod, and the harvest shall be great.' Its vast forests are the beams and rafters of future cities. If the old country lips had its good, it has iilso had its evil j and its evil is now very great. Its me mories are not much to the landless, the poor, and the, starving. To such it is but a memento mori. There is a great May-be, howovor, for the new land. Its prospective is ever glorious. It may commence its/progress with a chart, by which it may avoid the unfortunate routes of the Old Country. What grand laws, what -holy institutions, may not be pre dicted it ! It is yet young, and the future is before it, with all. the lessons of the past, to pioneer it on its. triumphal' march. It may be said that there is unfilled land in this Old Country, in this ancient Europe. It is too truoj for. there it is, beseeching the plough and the spade, and no ono to hear it. Waste land, us it is culled, it has always some owner, some lord of the ?. manor, some monopolist. Otherwise it has that terrible drainage called rent. It is rent which comes with a huge mouth annually swallowing unfortunate formers. It is rent which out-taxes all taxation. It is rent, which in Europe levies ilse upon improvement, and which either prohibits or burthens it. Let a farmer build a house, and his rerit'is raised. Let him prosper in his crops, and the landlord will take an additional benefit. In young' Australia it is different. Here land may be purchased at a cheap rate ; not rented, but bought out. Here, no grasping landlord, no capricious steward, shall moke him fear. He may sit under i his own'vineand his own ifig-tree, with none to make him afraid. Here even, in some parts, there is land for the mere cultivation. Here are acres, to be ob tained freely provided they. .are cultured within a certain term, and unburthened by taxation. This is a great boon. There is nothing like this in Europe. Its laud is not to be had, or it is so bur thened that it is scarcely worth the having. Its soil might be so fertilized as to support millions more of inhabitants ; hat those who require the products of fertility have not the capital to produce them. Population increases. There are more mouths to feed daily. Machinery is extended. Human industry is more and more driven from the labor market. The land becomes the cry of the millions. You cannot have it in the Old Country, but yon can in the New. A great crisis must, sooner or later, arise from these causes, unless remedial measures are instituted. Volcanic throes ever and anon agitate society. St. Simonism, Chartism, Communism, prophesy. Free trade, like the winds of Heaven, may flow over the world, but change is not changeable. Iteform will not rest satisfied with commercial freedom only, great as may be the benefits. The unemployed must have employment. The landless must have land. Sooner or later these great questions must have a terrific issue, unless they are prevented by a more general and equal distribution of the surplus industrial population upon the land. Come then to the New Country j 'There's room enough for all.' Nor are the volcanic powers in society now dead. They are only dormant. As sure as sympathy for good or for evil is Nature's wonderful law, so surely will the elements of the French Revolution again terribly arise at some other point, as one flaming mountain thunders to the other, unless the human atmosphere is cooled' by the more gentle processes of the purification of nature. The evils are more social than political. It is not so much the form of government, whether monarchical or republican, of which is complaint, as of the miserable inequali ties of the social state. The Old Country and the New Country have both their poetry. In plain prose both have their advantages and disadvantages as well. When God has sent the sun and the storm, the gentle dew and the culling hail, this soft zephyrous breeze and that biting north-wester, how can it be otherwise ? He that would out-Hannibal Hannibal, must avoid Capua. It is a rough world this of ours every where, but yet there is no place which has not its delicious reminiscences. The Old Country is dear to us. We bid God bless its familiar face. Songs of ' Auld langsyne' linger round it. Its very old Saxon words are music. It says, ' Love me. Till me.' It calls for the spade, and for the plough, and for the harrow. It says, ' My sons are my masters, and they use me not well. I am their mother, and they desert me. I have nourished them, and they deny me food. I have worked for them, and they have labored not for me.' The New Country is dear also. We garland it with hopes. It shall echo to our mother tongue. It is not a stranger, but a child. It is not a foreign land. It is descended from our mother, and is our brother. It has vast territories. It says, ' I have fertile vallies and sunny plains, come and cultivate them, and the golden grain is yours. I have more than I need; come, dig, work, and eat.' It says, ' I call a brother.' Association also joins in this. England of the hawthorn vales, Scotland of the heathered hills, and Erin, dear Erin, weeping the dew on her own green sod, hear her voice and echo it far and wide. ' For one arm,' says she, 'you shall have many. For the strength of one, you shall have the power of a legion. Accept my help, and in the New Country there is land and food enough for all your children.' EX-BOMBALIAN. Muswellbrook, 29th May, 1857. : 