SYDNEY INFIRMARY. j Tho annual general meeting ol' tlie subscribers to tue ^3vy4acy Infirmary) WHS held yesterday evening, in the ïttfant Solionl.roora, Cmloreigh-street, Captain Uiiiiiaresn, viou-pri-xidont, was, in the ^tbseuoo of tho prer-iilent, tho honorable E. Deas Thom -Han, called on to predijo. The Hov. A. H. STEPHEN, secretary, ot the ronuoBt of the chairman, rend the following report of tho directors . -"for the past year :- - ??. Tho dlroctora of the Sydnoy Infirmary and Dispensary Imvo mula to report a« to the proceedings during the past. year. No .nvtint of peculiar linportanco lia« occurred In tho munugemeut of -'«Jtoafralra of the Institution; nor baa it yet been found practica- rlo to provide Hin increased accommodation which is su impera- tively requited, nod tho pressing nocoaslty of which «ros so . «trongly urged at tito last annual mooting. Tho directors, hoir- I . .«rojr.liavo to Inform ibe subscriber* that this important matter bts engaged their olosoat attention, aud they aranon- able to «report that thora ls every ronsnnablo cause for believing that tue -¿entended wins will soon bo In coursa of erection. Ia accordance -vrtft ibo resolution, passed lust year, which authorised tits Hoard -aa apply to tho Legislature for poouaiary »Id towards building .additional apartments, a deputation was appointed to watt upan «ha aovoracir-Cleneral. with a momorlaf eottiag forth the ex!, rsnncies of tlie Institution as regards accommodation und. faoiti ' ups for propor classification, uud praying that a sum might be . 3»lanod upon the estimates for tho year IWB lu aid of thu orcolion -af tho proposed new ward. .1 \ ' Mis Excelloncv, who hun ever taken a most lively and personal ? 5nt«rest In tho Infirmary (being n froquont visitor) most kindly ' noaeurred in the-views of tho board ; and, acknowledging the .utility and otllclonoy of this vnluahlo Institution, as well as tho ? iiindequucy of tho present arrangements to moot tho dally-In .JtTasslag claims upon Its resources, ho has caused the sum of .¿£21)00 ta be placed un tho estímulos for the purposes already ox Sbined. Though thia »uni lias »ot VOL bean voted, tho dlroctors ITO awry roasou to hope that tho législature will roadily grant ac, «Dd tho moro so, as tlie Infirmary and Dispensary is not merely tcloeftl institution, whoso shara of bonovolnnco ls contiactod '?wrUhlu the limits of Sydney, hut a tran nntloualone, rooalvlng as ¿¿telóos patlouts from all parts uf tho colouy. In proof of this .-assertion, it may boro bc mentioned that nt least one-quartor of j ~¡tfce inmates ndmiltcd duriug tho pnst year havo arrivod from the interior, for tho nxproas purposu of hoing treated in Ulis instila 'aäoa. 'flint tho members af tho Legislature and tho publiant 'Sarga may un tho better acquainted with tho grounds on whioh «it* application ls made, it has boen deemed advlsablo to ii.sort . ma this roport the memorial which was addrossod to the Govoruor .sSeaeral, to which particular attention ls rcquaatod. It ls as ' dafflow* : "I, That iu the yonr 1*18 tho prosont institution in Maoquaiio "ssstroot, fonnnrly tao Colonial Hospital, was handed over ny tho \- -sTJorenimont to tho hoard rf directora of tho Sydney Infirmary' \- . zud Dispensary, when sis wards wore set apart for tho rooeptlau . ' «ST patients, twouty bods being appropriated to each ward, titus affording accommodation for I'.'O bods in all, which befora tho ^.rxplrolion of n year » oro found to bo only just sitfucient for oven jiha wants of that limo. That notwithstanding thc largo and very rapid increase in \- rTtlifl population of Sydney, und tho colony guuerally, as woll as in alto number of momeu frequenting tho port, thc only addition . 4lM di reo tu rs have boen able to mnko to tho accommodation pro ".orldod by the institution, has beau thu establishment of an acci- dent ward containing four beds. Thut tho accommodation provided ls wholly Inadequate to -'Hbo pressing wants of the churity, mid that, lu consequence of ?tüöiio, the WHrds have boen freijueutly overcrowded, and aro BO aï " Jib» present limo, lo tho great discomfort of tho pullouts, many of -ovfami have tieen obliged to Ho on tho floor, the numbor of in- | "volates hnvlng been occasionally upwards of loo.) ' ?"(. That this wont of room is not only injurions to tho inmates .-.siharafelves, as preventing proper ventilation, and as tending to . .Sncreaso tho risk of infection, but that lt hos tho effect of ox . 'eluding every week a greater or loin numbor of casca (a painful "saeeetsity tho directors would gladly avoid)-more than sixty jsctsons haring boen refuged ndiniltuace on this ground alone "Miana Ist Januar^' lu this yi'nr. "A. That, owing to the want of accommodation, there sro at ({?resent no moans of isolating tho syphilitio and othor such oases, xv* ofton urged upou tlie dlroctors by tho honorary raodlcaf "H. That, under all tho circumstances nowdetailod,theroshon1d immediately provided additional accommodation for thirty -Cooalo and fifty male patlouts, anti that the necessity of doing so «Hu long slnco 'boon pointed ont by tho médical offlcors. **7. That this subject has engaged thc most serious attontlon ' ~oTthe board for two yeats past, nnd that they have boen anxious "fcatsttao most feasible plan of increasing tho accommodation, to . '«mt a wing extending east from the north or south end of the present building, but that the want of funds has not ailowod of '. iiielr taking any step to remedy a stato of things whioh tlie mcdl '. .««1 ofllcor»'ronort ' ls incompatible with the pationts tlorlving a -íirllnmount of benefit nt their hunds, and is by no means unat ' .braded with dancer.' ~& Tliat tlio board of directors aro thoroforo eompollod to jatnmorializo your Excellency on lilis subject, ami to ask you to y-sxke their oaso into your most favourable consideration, and to * '.«ciase a sum to bo placed on thu Estimates, in aid of tho erection . *oi"«uch additional wants OH may bo considered desirable." f' ? tu anticipation of tho vote being grantod,and to avoid any «uh .'.T»au»nt delny, a sub-oomraitteo was appointed to confer with Mr. ¿Xinh and the honorary medical offloors, as to tho plan and esti* míele of tho proposed "now wing. The result of their dolibora .Y¿on was tho following recommendation whioh has boon approved -or riv tho board, vin., that the wing bo of two »torlos, anil tobo acted at the south end of tho proaont institution, at a dlstanoo I, tftnm it of 30 feet oast, and from thc Mint wall of 18 foet, colon Attod to coutoin 73 patlouts who ehall ba faiualas, the original , -building being reserved for innies. , "the number of infirmary patients admitted during Ute yoar bas ">een 737 mon, 383 women, 41 children; total, 1000. Of those, o.» .-.Kure Medical, and o-'io surgical oases; 402.wera Government salients, admitted, that is, at ÚÍO public oxponse, as being without -mums. \- Tba largest numbor of admissions was in the month of Jami-' -tarr.tho smallest tn the month of June. , , -. , . . The accident and urgent ensos amount to 140. tho operations £mrf<irmed have boen 8. Of tho oases treated, 073 wore- dls -viharged anrod, 181 were rellavod, 10 were sont to tho Benevolent -Auj-fum, d were discharged ns inourabln, 30 wero discharged at ofeeir own request, 1 was sent to Tarban Creek, 8 wore dismissed ".? «Ser wilful infringement of tile rules, and 138 died, of whom 32 - «ry« moribund on adml-slon. Thu most prevalent diseases soom ta havo been rheumatism, " -iff willoh thoro wero 140 cases ; fevor, Al ; nloers, 82 ; wounds, 08 ; «¿iárrhcsa, 41 ; Ophthalmia, 41 ; absoess, 41 ; syphilis, 46 ; can. -wmption, io ; fraoturea, 70. The directors havo now to perform their usual ploasing duty -" nsfbearing testimony to tho assiduity sud »oat of the medical .-Macera generally, who have well earned for tiiemsatvcH tlie grati ?frndu nat. only of those who havo been more immediately bene -IsUAd by their skill and attention, but of tho subscribers and the atatbtio at largo. Ur. Macfarlane retires in rotation as honorary .^yStyslclan to the Infirmary, and Mr. Nathan as honorary surgeon, "amtthey have signified their wish to be ro-eleoted. Mr. Aaron, ts'Istriot surgeon for Jlourke Ward, and Mr. Egan, district surgeon ÜCe* fUukU Wini; niau r««l»o, otwl a ru BIIMIM«. tnr ra ttlooltntl. Tho '. -oiaoara and servants of tho institution havo In their several . ut^jitxlmonts aontinued to givo satisfaction, and tho dlroctors 'have marked thalr sense of tho valuable services of tho matron .*j presenting hor with a special gratuity of X'ii, which they foal . jrasared will meet with the approval of tho subscribers. In conclusion, the directors, whilst they aoknowledgo with .dtnnkfulneas the countenance whioh thoy havo received from xlio subscriber* during tho past your, would rospoctfully claim ' Soc their institution, a still fargor shara of warm sud constant «apport ; they feel assured that thora can bo no Institutinn more Swerving of tho kind intcrost of tho peoplo gonorally. In this v "hallef, and with tho prospect bofcro them of unusually hoary -'(miamis upon the fluids of tho current year, thoy confidently ' -i-iraruend the cause of the Sydney Infirmary,not only to tba matt. " .ts.vourablo consideration of tho Legislature, but to tho liouovo-' Jirncn of tho publia genorally. Air. YV. S. MOUTHY, treasurer, read tho statoment of ¡ \- cftúcouutn fir the year ended the 31st December, 1060, \- 3tnd which was as follows :-: Ansriucr or THC ACCOUNT« rna Tiru YK*« ISM). Tho Hydney Infirmar}' and Dlfljieuuno', in aocouut currant whh 1I»o Treasurer. Or. DisnunsKMKNTs. Jannory 1 to December 31.1830. £ a. d. ? S"o cosh paid, islarios, wages, Ac. . . .1001 14 Ditto tho district surgeons . . . . 900 0 Kitto for potty ooah . . . . . 1D0 ft . Ditto ditto meat . . . . . 470 4 8 Ditto ditto bread, llonr, fie.7S3 12 4 llllto ditto milk.!27U ll o Ditto ditto onions and potatoes . . , 111 ll Ditto ditto groceries . . . . . 221 10 . ' Ditto ditto coals . . . . . 173 7 0 Ditto ditto drapery, clothes, &c.; . . . U3 10 7 ' Ditto ditto soap, candles, and oil . . . 112 10 1 Ditto ditto printing, stationary, and advertising . BO 14 ll Ditto ditto funerals and cullins . . . los 0 0 ' . Ditto ditto wino, boor, and spirits . . . 173 13 0 Ditto ditto medicines, leeches, icc. . . . 141)17 tl Ditto ditto gas.37 " Ditto ditto ironmongery, tinware, and Instru- ments . . . . . . .0100 Ditto ditto commlssatou to colleotor on account . 80 17 Ditto ditto lard aud sundries . . . v.l IH \- Ditto ditto furniture nnd repairs , . . IA 13 . Ditto ditto building nnd repairs . . . «nil tl . Ditto ditto Hank of Sew South Wales for ox. chango on I.nndou, to purchase medidnos and Instrumente ...... 183 ; . Ditto ditto for Llppman's dishonoured choriuo . U Ditto ditto illtorcst Bccoill.ts . . .1 Ditto halanoo of deposit account In thu Uank of Now South Wales . . . . . 031 I (Signed) H. H. BROWNS-, IA,"II.".. dunn SMITH, I Auditors. January 1 to December 31,18S0. ray bsmlrlM tu bauk from last yeur . . . IUJ 13 1 Cash roonlvod, subscriptions and donations for 1ÍW.137(1 . Ditto feos from medical pupils , . . .1 ? Ditto II. M. Government's contributions for tho year ISM . . . . . . 700 0 0 Ditto Interest on olly debentures . . . Ul lt) 0 Ditto ditto from Savings' Hank . . . 1 0 lo Ditto ditto ott Clovernineut dolioiituica . . 34 18 Ditto ovorpaymont into bank per coltoctor, lu l'ohruary . . . , ..OH v Ditto from paying patients . . . .OUI ll ' Ditto ll. M. Qovciutiient, for S quarters' modloal und Htirgionl attendance to paupers . ' . 911.1 0 ' Ditto ditto for emigrautt . . . 116 13 ' ÍAtm.lry I. Hy bataneo biongtit down . , . Xftîi IA 0 Ä . . . . W. SriunT Mournv, Treasurer. Sydney, loth January, 1S37. Tho TitKAsuitEn also rout tho following statoment of J \- fha assets af the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary, .iitnuary, 1857: . -DaHluOB hi Hank of New South Wales , . -,. 031 "tl 'ti ..II. M. Oorerntnont for pauper cases , . . G(X> l l " " Iiiiiulgrnllou Oflloa . Kl » 8 ir ti in HHS, ' Debentures ...... 1(100 0 .. .»"¿ty Commissioners' Debentures , , . 709 0 0 X3SIH in U'ho Hov. Dr. AI'KAV then rose and said ho Lad boon .JT.tjU'.ntml to move tho following resolution : That the report uotviead be adopted, anil, together «lill tho tf reasiimr s auactint, be printed and ciruulatod undar tho dlroc Alon or the hoard of directors. .Mo could hnvo aitworoly w'lslied that tho moving of tim .resolution lind been committed to soma parson moro rx lici inuai'il than he was with tho institution, for to his «Immtt ho it spoken, ho bad little personal or prautkal fciiowloi'go or tho Sydney Inllrmury, willoh was in sollie jni'dMiro to ho attributud to his having bcou for so shoit I a. period himself resident in Sydney. However, hi not entirely ignorant of what the Infirmary wa«; had had occasion to be sometimes there on visits to vidual* of his own acquaintance; and lie had not anything thora hut what hu found causo not only I satisfied willi,, but for which, wero he actuated, as nil ought tn hó hy a true and really devotional spirt should bavo found cailBO to thank God nnd to courage that at tho ends of tho earth he saw relit -here the same image and portrnituro of practical Chi aoitv that ho had been accustomed to seo in his m lund. Ho needed not to tell that rospectablo mei that this was ono of tho practical fruits of Christia -which Christianity itsolf wherever it was recei made to abound to tho glory of Cod and the good the temporal good only-of mankind-but the spir and eternal good of immortal souls. It was his ofS however unworthy ho might be of the 'oillcc such as laboured iu the field of tho gasp still it was.his ofilco to set before man moro nt lo spiritual réalitios more than bodily realties', spiri wants more than bodily wants ; but ho trusted sought himself, and he thought that all his broil who labour in the Gospel sought to remember that Author of Salvation took to himself the human natu while on earth His was a human body; it was ni glorified ono, and that Ho paid respect to the b< diseases, and infirmities, and wants of man. He net not to tell that mooting that a very large proportio the miracles wbioh wore wrought by tho. Savioui earth were wrought to relievo tho human frame, i tho ailmonts and ills that flesh is heir to; that compassion, and His mercy, and His loving-kind were made to shino forth in works of that nature, 1 lng their record as a witness on earth of His care i even the bodily wants of His creatures ; and as area inondation to all who should own Him as their Lord Master to follaw in this respect also His blessed glorious example. However desirable it might be it was unspeakably desirable- that sinful man sin be reminded of their immortality and of the claimc God upon them ; and tho awful importance of t interosts in spiritual and eternal objects, it was w< than useless, it was pernicious, to go and addross afflicted and borne down, thu weary and tho opprei with bodily ailments and bodily wants, to attend spiritual necessities, when thoso who were in health main neglectful of their tomporal and bodily necessii Human nature had its frailties that sin had brough ic, and one of thoso frailties was a o ire for the bod which frailty, if kept within due bounds, was not o sil frailty, hut was necessary, and with which they saw t the Saviour himself so deeply sympathised. There another practical lesson such institutions as these w calculated dcoply to impress on Christirn iniuds. Th who were favoured with health and strength and som ness of mind and body were but too prone to forget >u Hering portion of thoir brethren cf mankind but sich institutions. Ho could himself declare th st hud received unsppaknblo good-he'thcught ho mi] siy so from visits to such institutions, as this, wh such masses, if ho might use the expression, of hun ailment wero presented,-whore such numbers of tl fellowmen wore laid low and prostrate on beds of sufi ing and, anguish, while they themselves were left liberty and freedom to enjoy tho many providence: God. And who had made thom lo differ ? If there i anything of an earthly kind that could awaken wit! them a spirit of gratitude to God, and of benevolei towards their fellowmen with respect to their own i cumstances, it was to seo the numbers congregated such institutions as this, who had been afflicted wi they themselves had been spared, to seo thoso who 1 been cast down whilo they themselves bad heenuphc God did nothing in vain, and He spoke to tho health through tho aflliotod, beseeching them to call to mind D and remember that their time and the blessings' tl enjoyed were all in tho hands of tho Almighty. Tin were lossons they ought day by day to learn '; and tl; dfd not learn them in tho way they ought to ' lei them unless tho effect were wrought in them the awakening of their sympathy for suffering humanii and thoir sympathies were not true sympathies, unit they were such as produced increased efforts to relic suffering humanity. (Applause.) Stranger as he w to the facts set forth in tho repart which had been re to them that night, ho had all confidence in the vorac of them, and also in the Christian .veracity of those w recordod thoso facts. Any person practically acquaint with suoh institutions could form a pretty correct gue of the accuracy of the faots detailed in the report, seeing, as he had Boen, the circumstances of which th were a record. The institution bore, marks of oarel attention to bodily cares. So far as he had seen tl institution, bo had great satisfaction in witnessing tl cleanliness, and order, and comfort of the Sydney Infi mary, nnd thankfulness of those who experienced, ar still experience, tho benefits of it. He thought tl directors had 'great cause to be encouraged by tl report, and also by the treasurer's statement of account wbioh aftor all was about the most important matti connected with such institutions. Ho was gil to seo tho affair* of tho Infirmary, were suoh a nourishing oondition; but let them reraembi that thoy, cadi ono in his particular pince, should he to spread forward that knowlodge and oall tho attentif, of those with whom thoy came in contact to the vail and importance of tho institution. Tho population i this colony, and of this city was increasing year by yei -month by month-and it was unreasonable to suppo! that what ' supplied tho wants of Sydney in years pa could supply the wants of the present year. As tl population increased, surely their efforts should be ii orcased to moet the wants that followed tho increase i population ; for wherever there was an increase of popí lotion there must bo an increase of suffering, lt wi ono of the most humbling faots with respect to what L I might call the natural history of man, that the moi human beings were congregated in one placo or towt they produced the more misery. They were tho ir ilictors of misery on eaob other the more they wore coe gregated togothor; and that must inoreaso the dopressio -tho moral depression-of ? the people, unlej it were met hy an inoreaso of Christian benevolence t keep it down. Prevention, they all know, was bette than oure, and it was only by, keeping suoh an institu tion as this in a healthy, nourishing, and efficient cond lion that they could expect to ward off tho evils in creasing population was sure to bring along with if. H would look to tho Sydney Infirmary as ono mean* under God, to keep down immorality and crime. It wa very easy for thom to talk against immorality and crime hut when persons felt themselves suffering, destitute and without the holp of man, they were very Hablo ti fall into tho commission of many nets, into vioious am sinful ways they in all probability would be snvod fron if taken up in time by a benevolent institution of thi kind in the moment of thoir helplessness nnd destitu tion. Ho had been ohoorcd by the remark in tho repor of ' immigrants hoing taken into the hospital 01 their arrival. To many who caroo hero th beauties of tho bay had little cheering in tluonce, thoir bodies hoing prostrated b; disease Many felt on their arrival that they were com ing amidst strangers and thoso who woto foreigners tc thom. They had no kind friend in Sydney to take then by the hand in thoir distross. Knowing at suoh a timi there was a reception houso for them, had not only beet tho means of curing many of thoir bodily ailments, bu of encouraging their minds and helping them to statu in the evil hour, and tako courage till restored to healtli nnd strength, and till they wore nblo to toko their plaoot among tho working classes af tho community. Ho had I only to Bay that ho hnd great pleasuro in moving thc resolution which had been entrusted to him. Mr. IIWINO, M.P., roso to Beootid tho adoption of the report, nnd in doing so bo congratulated tho meeting on tho very judicious remarks-ho might call it tho oloquont address-of tho rovcrend gentleman who had just sat down. Ile was sure that no ono could leavo tho room without fooling ho was benefited by that address. In seconding tho ndoption of tho report, lt gnvo him much pleasuro on moro grounds than ono : ic gave him muoh pleasure as regarded tho prosperity of tho institution itsolf, and also ns rogardod othor matters sot furth in tho report. Tho report was a very explana- tory and ably propared document, and thereforo it gave him pleasuro on that aooount also to second its adoption. Ho,was glad to notlco hy it, that besides immigrants, patients bm ovory part of tho colony-and from tho surrounding colonies-arriving hero, wero received into tho institution. Ho bolioved tho fact was, that from places in the interior whore thoro wero similar institutions-say. Maitland and Goulburn -many patlonts preferred coming to tho Sydney Infirmary to staying nt thoBO in tba interior. That porhapB was not to bo wondorod at whon it was known that thoy would hore hnvo tho attendance of so many eminent inodionl gontlomon ns ho saw around him. Tho fact, however, was that many patlonts did cunio down, and ha wished that particularly known for h . boliovod Ihnt many country mombers of tho Legis, lativo Assembly did not know that so many patients como to Sydnoy from tho country j nnd it wus wall thoy should know it, hconuso lt might enlist their sympathies on buhnlf of tho institution when tho ostimates oame on, and n voto for tho infirmary wnsnsked for. Tho report nrnisod tho Logislutlvo Assombly for their liberality. Now his opinion was that it was thoir duty to voto a liberal sum for this Institution, for ho did not know one moro deserving. Ho was hlmsolf a visitor now and then to tho infirmary, though seldom. Ho lind bean In many suoh institutions in England and on the continent | but he nover sow ; any place moro cloon ly kept or better ' rogulatod thnn tho Sydnoy Infirmary ; and ho was rory sorry it was hot mora extensively visited, that ita importai .nd doserti might ba better known. Some dari believed there was not a singla name entered on 1 visitors' book.. An imtitntiun that was tho means doing so niuoh good-as was shown by the repur was effectual in doing, by curing many of thoir diuca* nnd saving others from starvation-ought ta Imvo i partial sympathy of the population generally; not 01 of Sydnoy but of tho entiro colony. Ho hoped lin who had heard the report rend, and those who mi) read it themsolvos, would drop lu and soe tho state a arrangements of tho institution, which ho was si would elicit their warmest approbation. With thoso Í observations he had great pleasuro in seconding < adoption of tho report. The motion was then put and passed. < The Rev. L. E. THRELKELD moved the second rcso tion. That the thanks ot this moetlug be presented to bl« oxoolloi the Governor- General anti tho Legislativo Assembly for I libela) aid afforded from tho oolonlol rovonuo for the year 18 to tko funds ot this Institution. He did not think there would bo a single individi opposed co this resolution; and when ho considered t object of tho institution he thought it unnecessary say moro on the subject. After making somo obsert tiona ns to the necessity for inoreased nccommodntii being provided, and wbioh ho thought would ho bett effected by an addition to the present conveniently sit i ated building than by erecting a brandi establislime in any other part of the city ; the reverend gentlunu J said they wero right in proposing in tho resolution, th I a vote of thanks bo given to his Excellency tho Gove nor-Genoral and to the Legislative Assembly, in besto* ing such a largo BUm'of money for tho support of tl institution, and likewise for thu JL'SOOOwhieh lio propose would be forthcoming to enable them to build snath wing to the institution, and ho hoped that in tho colin of another year another X'5000 would bo given that further addition might bo made to it. Ho concluded t cordially moving tho resolution. The ltev. OEOHQI: KINO seconded tho resolution wil great pleasant. His Excellency was highly deserving their best thanks, for ho had always taken a lively ii torest in its success. He was himself a large donor ar contributor to it, as well as his excellent lady. H Excellency was a regular visitor, and it would be gratif ing to the directors that tho subscribers general followed his oxamplo in thin and othor rospeots. Tl reverend gentleman concluded with a few observatiot in reference to tho valuable nnturo of tho institutioi and its claims on tho community at lnrge. Tho Rev. J. MCCLENNAN movoJ the third resolutia as follows : That tlio thanks ofthls mooting bo given to tho lionornry med oat ofllcors, ns well an to Ute office-bearers aud direotors, for tho sorviuoB duri ii« tho post year, «ml that tho honorable E. DBI I Thomson, C.B., bo continued in bin otfloo M president ; tba! Ca tain Dumaresq bo rcquostod to continuo vioo-prosldont, that V Stuart Montray, Esq., bo reappointed treasurer, and tho Ito Alfred Stophon, secretary, and that Ibo following gentlemon t eluded directors in the placo of thoso who retire, vir. ;-ltev O Maokay, Hov. Oeorgo King, Mosirs. Nott, Stephen, John Alexa: der.D.Egau, ami M. K. Murniu. ? , , . He thought tho thanks of the public generally OUR! also to bo given to the medical officers who had attende so assiduouly to thoir duties. It was in the power < many to benefit the institution, if not by managing c direoting its operations, by contributing liberally to il funds. . ? .:? . I Mr. LAVERS . seconded tho resolution, which wn oarried unanimously. ' ! ? ': Mr. DUMARESQ said he considerad it a great honou to bo vice-President of the Institution. ' /1 , Br. FuixEriTON submitted the following minute to th meeting, which was a copy of oho that had boen sent t the matron of tho Infirmary, and Boid ho should mov that it be expunged from tho bye-laws. To Mas. GHOST. ' It is tho wish of the committee that you toko o aro that their lr struotions on tho subject of religious. Instruction aro,strict! carried out, no public preaching, exhorting, or expounding ls t bo allowed in Uio wards on uny prstonoo whatever, »nd, i attempted by any miulstor or other person must be Immédiate! stoppod. Tho wardsmen arc not to allow any ono to remain in the ward who infrlngo this regulation, . (Slgnod) ALK11KD ll. STEPHEN, Honorary Soorotary. Syduoy Infirmary, November 18, IHM. He believod there was no necessity for legislation ot such a subject, as he held that every man was at libertj to worship God according to his conscience. If tin ; committee could shew thens"bad been any proselytising tba parties guilty should have been.openly rebuked; bul there was no reason why such a resolution passed ir 1850.should havn boen adopted. Since that timo it had never been debited at any aununl moeting and approvod by tho public. The reverend gentleman here dutailod an account of an insult offered to the Rev. Mr. Threlkeld by the Rev. Mr. O'Connor. It appeared that tho Rov, Mr. Threlkeld was praying with two Protestant girls, wbon the Rev. Mr. O'Connor came, took the girls by tho . shoulders, and ordered them out of the ward. The Rev.-. Archdeacon MOEKCROK denied tho state- ment of. the reverend gentleman, as did also tba Rev. Mr.McCLENXAN, and a somewhat angry discussion ens red, the reverend Doctor being often interrupted and called to order. Tim CHAIRMAN said, that as the reverend Doctor had given notice of this motion, the meo ting must hear his statement; . i Mr. MORIARTY askod for a fair hoaring for Dr. Fuller- ton, . and said that if any subscriber wero not permitted to move tho rescinding of a law, the institution would be damaged in the public estimation. Dr. FULLERTON rdsumod : He thought the committee had acted in a very oppressive manner towards the Rev. Mr. Threlkeld. Ho had no personal objeot, and if ho had uttered anything offensive bo would be propared tu apologise. He begged to move the minuto should be rescinded. Mr. SMITH seconded tho motion. Tho Rev. ALFRED STEPHEN said the cemplaint spoken of had nevor reaohed the board. He thought a debt of gratitude was due to tho Rov. Mr. Threlkold for his great services and labours to the institution. The reverend gentlemen entered into an explanation of a circumstance that ocourred in 1853, when the Rov. Mr. Threlkeld preached publicly in tho wards, and wounded tho feelings of Roman Catholics. Tho Rev. Mr. THRELKELD said when a false ohargo had been mado against bim, and the committeo knew it was false after having examined into it, they had not exonerated him. Tho committee had acted most un- handsomely towards him. Mr. BONAH deniod, as one of tho committee, having acted unhandsomely towards Mr. Threlkeld. Mr. MACPHERSON, said Mr. Threlkold had pronchod BO that the whole ward could hear him. After semo debate, in willoh tho Rev. Mr. McGibbon, Mr. Moriarty, and Mr. Irving took part, the motion was put, when a great majority decided against it ; only four bands being held up in favour of tho motion. On the motion of Mr. MORIARTY, tho four modioal officers were then re- appointed, and a vote of thanks having boen given to the Chairman, tho moeting at à quarter to ton dispersed. 