COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. I CONGRATULATE pettish and perspiring members on their happy release. They rest from their labours; and to catalogue the valuable works that follow them will be no great increase to the toil of their confiding constituents. No calculating boy will be required to sum up the imposing total. However, if Parliament had not dissolved corporately, it would soon have done so corporeally, I should say,--that is, if the Mac- quarie-street mercury rivals the register of rural ther- mometers. In this melting weather, When the anger of Apollo almost turns us into [buttered] toast, work of any kind appears a frantic absurdity; but no choice is left to him whom the "printer's devil" drives. What to write about I hardly know, for I feel almost too languid even to form an opinion. Like Hall's indolent dog, that leaned against the wall to bark, I lie down upon my bed to think. A parody is the nearest approach to intellec- tual exertion that I can venture on, to begin with--in my present non recumbent position. A CONVERSATION THAT WILL SOON TAKE PLACE. SCENE.--The Door-steps of the Colonial Secretary's Office. C. Farewell, a long farewell, to all my greatness! This is 'cute Charley's luck: to-day he puts forth A smart address; to- morrow, canvasses, And raineth smiles and soft-soap thick around him; And then there comes the poll, the cursed poll, And when he thinks, poor silly man, full surely He still holds his portfolio--turns him out. Oh, unexpected, vile "do!" I have ventured Like little wanton boys that swim on bladders, These many sessions, trusting to my "bunkum," Far, far beyond my depth: my high-blown speech At length broke under me, and now has left me Banished from darling office, to the mercy Of a rude Press that will for aye deride me. Vain Empire, Herald of the morn, I hate ye! Especially the former. Oh, how wretched Is that poor man who trusts to Parkes's friendship! There is betwixt that smile he would aspire to, That sweet aspect of Henry, and his meaning, More treacherous guile than fox or woman hath. And when I fall, I fall like Lucifer. Taking my tail behind me--oh, poor Lutwyche! L. I have no power to speak, sir. C. That I know; 'Tis your misfortune But, come, don't you wonder Parkes should prove false to me? Nay, if you stammer, I am fallen indeed. L. He wants your place. C. Well, well, He'll never be Prime Mimster, good Lutwyche. I wouldn't myself now, for I feel within me A loathing scorn of paltry politics, A sour-grapes thankfulness. The city's cured me, I humbly thank its vote; and from these shoulders, These shrugging shoulders, out of pity, taken A load would crush a Barnum, too much humbug: Oh, 'tis a burden, Lutwyche, 'tis a burden Too heavy for a man that goes to church! L. I'm glad you lay it down thus piously. C. I hope I do: I'm able now, methinks, (Out of a gush of pious pluck I feel,) To endure new Ministers and all the squibs That those weak-headed Editors dare write. What news abroad? L. The heaviest and the worst Is your place on the poll-list. C. ---------- bless ---------the poll! L. Next, that Prince Albert was this morning sent for, As Premier in your stead. C. That's somewhat sudden-- But he's a learned man. May he continue Long in the House's favour, and quote Spanish-- For bounce's sake--and the classics; that his bones, When he has run his course, and sleeps unciting, May have a gallery cheer raised over 'em. What more? L. That Martin is returned for Cook And Westmoreland, and will be A.G. still. C. That's news, indeed! L. Last, that the horrid Land Bill, Which Hay in secrecy bath somewhile studied, This day was viewed in open at the Club, Re-cast, amended; and the voice is now Only about its excellence. C. There was the weight that pulled me down, O Lutwyche! A Land Bill was beyond me: all my glories In that one measure I have lost for ever. No more I catch the eye of Mr. Speaker, Saucy are now the humble troops that waited Upon my berths. Go, get thee from me, Lutwyche, I am a poor, fallen man, unworthy now To be thy lord and master. Coax Jem Martin (Who'll be a judge yet): well is he aware What legal lore thou hast. He will advance thee: Some little office, such as that of draftsman, (I know his noble nature,) he will give thee, To keep thee still in harness. Go, good Lutwyche, Neglect him not; make haste now, and provide For self and family. L. Oh, Mr Cowper, Must I then leave you? Am I forced to rat From such an upright and a generous master? Bear witness, postman, porter, messenger, With what a sorrow Lutwyche leaves his lord! Martin shall have my service, but my prayers (Much good they'll do you) ever shall be yours. C. Lutwyche, I did not think to shed a tear In all my miseries, but thou hast forced me, Out of thy honest truth, to play the woman. Lend me your handkerchief--and hear me, Lutwyche; And when I am forgotten, as I shall be, And nod o'er dull cold leaders, where no mention Of me will soon be made, then say I taught thee; Say, Cowper, that once used the words of bunkum, And sounded all the depths and shoals of humbug, Found thee a way, out of his wreck, to rise in; A sure and safe one, though thy master missed it. Mark but my fall, and that that ruined me. Lutwyche, I charge thee, shun all dodgery! By that sin fell Charles Cowper; how can you then, Not half so clever, hope to win by it! Now, prithee, just step in: There take an invent'ry of all you see, To the last foolscap; mine no more; my hat-- That white one yonder on the peg--is all I there dare call my own. O Lutwyche, Lutwyche, Had I but served my land with half the zeal I served myself, she would not in a rage Have sent me thus unto the right about. L. Good sir, have patience. C. Lutwyche, fare thee well,-- My canvass-book has proved a horrid sell! The Ulladulla ghost once more!--After having re- solved, and re-resolved, then funked the same, for five weeks, nine "stout, stout-hearted men" of Ulladulla \--shamefully left anonymous by the local chronicler with the exception of a Mr. Berry (whom I picture to my- self as a twenty-stone daredevil)--did, at length, muster courage to start on an exploring expedition to the haunted swamp. But hold!--heroic deeds are fitliest told in verse. A RIGHT PLEASANT BALLAD: Showing how the fat ferocious burgesses of Ulladulla went Ghost-hunting and how they caught nothing, but came home with a yell in their ears. For five weeks now a bawling ghost Hath filled with dire alarm All Ulladulla, from its post Within the Big-Hole Farm. Such awful howls were never heard By mortal ears before; Some say the monster is a bird, All say it is a bore: For, like a ranter on his tub, The beast at midnight blares: For three miles round the haunted scrub Scared sleepers mutter prayers. But all this time, within the breast Of each of nine stout men, A brave resolve hath worked, like yeast, To beard it in its den. The courage in those noble hearts May take five weeks to brew, But when it from the bunghole starts, The Big Hole ghost may rue! Thy fun, foul fiend, will soon be o'er-- E'en now the nine begin To fall in rank and file before The Ulladulla Inn. "Mark time!"--they'll soon be under way-- More haste, you know, less speed: Fond wives, in vain you urge their stay-- They're pledged to do the deed. O'er nobblers they have stoutly sworn That they will do or die; Unearth the ghost before the morn, Or know the reason why. So cease to plead, your arms unclasp-- Though that is scarce the word, Since each fair dame can only grasp A segment of her lord. "Right--left"--no more their toes turn out In unprogressive march; "For--ward" their captain's thrilling shout-- They tramp forth stiff as starch. With chins like dewlaps hanging down, With paunches far a-head, The stout, stout-hearted leave the town, By stoutest Berry led. The paddocks quake beneath the fall Of eighteen feet that weigh About two ton, I think, in all, In elephantine play. Miles off is heard the solemn tramp Of Berry and his eight; Each hero puffing like a gramp-- Us trotteth to his fate. They reach the swamp, and Berry cries, "Now, who will come with me, With his own fearless pair of eyes This hideous sight to see?" Alas! but two of all the band Obey their leader's call; The other six would rather stand And watch what may befall. "Close up, then," wrathful Berry cries, "Around the dismal fen; "If out of it the monster flies, Stop him, if you be men! "Although you have but stomach smallt For danger--when 'tis near, Your bellies might on acre wall, Much more this swamp-hole here." In plunge the stern devoted three, 'Twixt scrub, through mud, o'er log; When, hark! a moan or misery Booms dreary from the bog. Off set the faithless sentry Six, As from the devil's den, Leaving their comrades in a fix-- O stout, stout-hearted men! Their sweat pours down like summer rain, As o'er the plain they pelt; And bursting with th' unwonted strain, Bang--bang goes every belt. 'Tis Sauve qui peut, too, with the Three, Let each one cut who can; The rear forgets its chivalry, And overtakes the van. Jumbled in panting, rabble rout, With heads all hanging down, The Nine, who marched so fiercely out, Sneak back into the town. "Why, where's the ghost?" the urchins cry, "Faugh! what a funky lot!". Swift to their beds the heroes fly, In devil of a scot. Bravo Berry and his mates declare They gazed upon the ghost; But when their stories we compare, It seems an idle boast. For one affirms it still a bird, And one a crocodile, "A hippocentaur," says a third (A classical old file). Long live these stout, stout-hearted men, The Six, and eke the Three, And when they hunt a ghost agen, May I be there to see! And this is Christmas eve!--What an important, im- pudent sham--what a dreary humbug--an Australian Christmas is! Mercury at ever so much, pink bonnets, and white jackets; red dust macadamising your throat, and tickling your nostrils like cayenne, when the wind blows; black leaves hanging grim and silent as undertaker's mutes in the scorching sunlight, when the breeze is dead; and a myriad of locusts making up for lack of rustle by a row that you can only liken to the clang of shipwrights' hammers rattling away at on iron steamer under a dockyard shed; indoor festi- vals at which the guests, in spite of open windows and illegitimate shirt- sleeves, look brown and oleaginous as the uneatable roast beef; out-door gatherings--pic- nics forsooth!--for the consumption of cold fowl, champagne, and strawberry ice. That Christmas! Bosh. Oh, for a good old English Christmas week, in some quiet part of the country where railroads are not! The "up" coaches feathered with game and turkeys; the "down" coaches bright as sunlit green- houses with a broad smile of uncaged schoolboys, puffing out their ruddv cheeks like mischievous cherubs as they salute everyone they pass with a hail- storm from their peashooters; the mellowed, anticipa- tory mirth of Christmas Eve--to Christmas Night what silver is to gold; the jubilant bells break- ing out at midnight, sweet yet startling, like angel voices long ago in Palestine, to herald Christmas in; the peep out on Christmas morning, through the arabesques of the frosted pane, upon the pure peaceful hush of snow for many a mile; the hearty greetings from young and old, and rich and poor (once a year, at all events, brotherly and gay), in the brisk walk to church; the old tower that has been wrapped in the white mantles of a thousand winters, so snug in this year's robe, ruffed round with glittering icicles, and sprinkling powdery rime from its dark ivy leaves; the lustrous, variegated, prickly foliage and the scarlet berries of the holly that embowers the pews; the blushing vil- lage belles, with hair as glossy and with cheeks as red; the happy family clusters everywhere--scattered at other times, but households once again in this uniting season; the freshness of the service on this the birthday of its Founder; the joyous Christmas dinner, with its mountainous supply of utlile and dulce, and their most business-like consumption (languid, beggarly picnics, indeed); the country dances, forfeits, hunt the slipper, blind man's buff, and hugs beneath the mistletoe (which too soon, alas, hangs berriless); the roasted chesnuts, punch, and ghost stories before the blazing fire; the closing frolic, crowning supper, and valedictory hot elderberry wine; last but not least, the moonlight ride home with some rosy cheeked, ruby-lipped, silver-tongued, and gaily laugh- ing Marion or Nelly-- worth a score of the pale-faced, insipid daughters of the South--whose shawls will keep tumbling down, until, in common gallantry, you are compelled to use your arm as a sort of sash; and the good bye--you know what when mamma isn't looking. That's the kind of festival I like. In bitter irony, Australian reader, I wish you, A MERRY CHRISTMAS. 