THE Athenaeum.— This institution has progressed rapidly during the last few months, inasmuch as it has now become a place of general resort for all classes of the commu- nity desirous of mental improvement and is about 150, to which must be added twenty associates, consisting of ladies and of youths under eighteen years of age. The library contains about 600 volumes of books on va- rious subjects, including history, biography, science and travels, and is extensively patron- ised by the members and visitors. The read- ing room is open every evening from seven till ten and being a large, well-lighted, and comfortably-warmed apartment, is an agree- able retreat for those who desire to spend an hour or two in reading the newspapers and periodicals after the toils of the day. A Ma- thematical and Algebra Class has been formed, and is conducted by Mr. Ellery, of the Ob- servatory. This class, .which consists of twelve persons, meets every Tuesday evening, and we are told that its members are making great progress in mathematica science. Ar- rangements are being made to establish a Grammar Class, which when completed will afford a favourable opportunity to such as are desirous of improvement in this important branch of education. The Elocution Society which consists of about forty of the most use- ful and hard-working members of the institution deserves the highest commendations for the zeal it has displayed in promoting the welfare of the Athenaeum. To the exertions of these gentlemen are the public indebted for the many interesting entertainments which have been given at the rooms of this institution during the present season, as well as for the various improvements which have recently been made in the interior of the building. In speaking of the improvements we may ob- serve that a stage, sixteen feet in depth, has been added to the room, and a quantity of machinery of a costly description, intended to be used by the Elocution Society in their dra- matic entertainments, has been supplied. A day or two since we were favoured with a view of several well-executed paintings, re- presenting scenes in the Black. Forest, which have just been prepared by two gentlemen in Williamstown, and which will be exhibited with other performances next week. Notice has already been given of the entertainment to take place at the Athenaeum next Tuesday evening, which we understand will eclipse anything of the kind ever before seen in the town; but as we shall be in a better position to judge of the performances when we have seen them than we are now, we abstain from further comments. It affords us much plea- sure to observe that arrangements have been entered into with Dr. Macadam to deliver a series of scientific lectures in this institution forthwith. The lectures, six in number, are on electricity, magnetism, and electro-mag- netism, and will be commenced next Friday evening, and continued each succeeding Fri- day evening till the course is concluded. We need scarcely observe, that those who have had the pleasure of listening to the former lectures of this gentleman will be too happy to avail themselves of the treat that is in store. DR. MACLEAN’S ENTERTAINMENT.—On Thursday evening, 23rd ult., in the Athe- naeum of Williamstown, an intellectual treat was afforded by our versatile and talented townsmen, Dr. Maclean, to that portion of the community whose heads are oftener made the medium of nocturnal enjoyment than their heels, and who prefer the sideshaking harmony of humorous poetical numbers, or the mind- expanding delineations of the scientific lec- turer, to the “fast and furious" helterskelter jarrings of a maltreated piano, or ill-scraped excruciating fiddle. The subject of the even- ing’s entertainment consisted of select comic readings from popular poets. As might be expected, owing to the known talents of the Doctor, and the inviting title of the entertain- ment as advertised, there was a tolerably full attendance; but when the scarcity of rational public Recreations is considered, it is matter of surprise that the room was not more densely crowded. It is clearly evident that a taste for the higher order of public recreations, particu- larly those of an intellectual character, is yet to be created, so far as the majority of the in- habitants of this town is concerned; but it is to be hoped that the continued exertions of the friends of the Athenaeum, and a more complete emancipation of the working classes from the thraldom of the bottle, will ulti- mately effect this desirable object. A list of the auhors and the pieces selected from their works is as follows—From the Rev. R.H. Barham, better known as Thos. Ingoldsby, "Look at the clock,” Parody on the burial of Sir John Moore, “ The Jackdaw of Rheims,” "The Confession." From Thomas Hood— "Mary's Ghost," "A Sailor's Apology for Bow-legs," "Faithless Nelly Gray," and a pathetic piece, "The Bridge of Sighs.” From Theodore Martin, known as Bon Gauther, " The Massacre of the Macphersons,” “The Convict and te Austrailian"Lady"" "The Biter Bit,". " An Ameicari' Ap'ostrophe to Boa," ._The Sna '? pifn lee.", Iro Oliver Holmes--' lhe:Spectre Pig,", ' The,Comet.': From. Xlackeray-A tragicstorv about:a aig tail, froirmrthelGerman.' -From Robe -Burns -"Address to the' Dii." ,rlrom Colerildge -" The Devil's Journeyv? conclu'ding wit a balladifrom Bedlam. , Feeling.'it more pru dent to act reporter thanh the critic, as we shall thereby escape the. imputation of flatteiry we shall content' ourselves its. sayii, ;t:,tlt the merits of thie pieces, and the manner in :whicli theyw.ere rendered, called forth.i a continual succession ofhliughter andi applause. : The Doctor's imiitatioib of the -America'i and..the Highlanaman in the, ' Sinapping' Turtle,"' and the "Massacre.,, of. the .Macphersons,' ,were true toinature..:, At the conclusion 6fthe.en. gentlemen. Mr. Verdon delivered a brief address, expressive of the pleasuie he felt, aiid ofthe,-hopeqthat~,Dr. ;Maclean would repeat' thdtreat o;a. fuiture ccasion, tie vote liaving' been put to thie meetin, and responded t, withl acclamation, apparently like people lho' had spent a pleasat.evening :, TihE R·.AT.AAYERti? ,ROLL.-A fortnight ago the Municipal Council called:attentioh:to the fact that the Ratepayers' Roll for thisidistrict: was about to be revised,, and-invited-such per sops as..might., bh.. desirous of: having.itheir names insern??ed on ithe list to attendiat the Council Chambers for that purpose. It was known that theie were pa?ties r?sidinig in tihe town:whb ,werieiniiot "recorded as ratepayers, and who felt tiimselvesaggr ived at the last election be~iase they were 'prohibited fromi voting on that acicont ; and yet,"srange t say ii t-onefif: em ihas iavailed himielf of-the ?sffertwliich has?bee ilield out ',The Coiincil, with.a view of doing justice to all, ihas e. tended:theitime -to- si- o'clock this, evening,.; ais?$ s :libe ;kR ill thlied he cinseihdd com plete for the c4prent municipal year, we hope th'atallthose who are interestcd 'illhtake ad vantage" of this opprtunity and see thia tlietr names are inserted. :: - THE GEELONG RAILWAY.--The directors of the Geelong Railway having declined to accept the terms proposed by Capt. Cole and the people, at Greenwich for the use of a pri- vate road leading to the Yarra, were served with an injunction of the Supreme Court, on the 27th ult., to immediately vacate the ground. The Station-master at Greenwich at once stop- ped the trains and in a few hours had a tem- porary platform erected at the junction of the Geelong and the government lines, which is now the terminus, the passengers having to per- form the intermediate distance (three-quarters of a mile) on foot. The directors have re- fused an offer from Messrs. Cobb and Co. for the supply of coach accommodation, a fact which is severely commented on by passen- gers to and from Geelong. A DISTRESSING CASE OF SUICIDE.—An in- quest was held yesterday forenoon at the Vic- toria Inn, North Williamstown, on the body of a man named Jas. Butler, who committed suicide by hanging himself with a silk necktie from the roof of his dwelling on the night of the 29th, or early in the morning of the 30th ult. A verdict was returned that the deceased had committed the act whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. It appears that the unfortunate man had been reduced to a state of extreme poverty, in consequence of which his mind had become impaired. Persons who are indebted to him any small sums of money, are requested to pay the same to Sergeant Conroy, of the Williamstown police, the de- ceased having left seven orphan children in a most destitute condition. TRINITY CHURCH.—On the occasion of the Bishop of Melbourne's visit to Williamstown, on Sunday last, lits .torilsippreache twiie f?i Trinity Chtrch to extellet'.Ls ation --thathi= . the evening be-. ing tie lariest wlisch his e yet aaershbled ifi t. Tlhe interidi of this church has a very pleasing appear tct, and does niiah s?ied-itto Alessis Fisher and rmniith, 'of this toiwn, who have executed the orna iefital portions of it. The new organ sent forth its :peling strains, to?the i?atisfittion ofLthe snusnerous attendants. This instrument, which is one of great power andriahless of tone, will prove an addition to thde sridur attractions of ?Williamstown. M?.ELV?Vi Aoart.-On Tuesday morning this no ftorious individual made an nttack upon the Governor sand Chief Turnkey of the'lelbourne Gaol with an instrument prepared in'such a m-?anner as to leave no doubt of his intention, and the 'ireparation of which clearly shows the premeditated nature of the assault committed. It appears thie for e considlereble time diuing which blelville'has .been confined in'the Mel tfurne Gaol he has periodically feigne~l madness in order to obtain his re?o?n;ljtothi Lun?itiliA3slum, very well-kiiowing that if he could accomplish this result his liberty would soon follow, as the restraint which rdould'-ie impidsed sipon him there would not liMdf such a character as to restrict his daring efforts at escape. .-On Tuesday. morning. Melville refused to allow his nigh?ituibt_ hbetaken froni.his cell, according to custom, and thliatiened ti tako'he hlife of any per so wslho attempted .tol doso l tMr. ' intlo then directed Jaes Rowley, on? offthe aenecr turikeys. and soue wdmen to to 6the'cell and bring out the tub, and on theirapproclh, Melville, holdiig an iron spoon in. his. hand, thg, e?i of whichh ?? had; pre viously sharpesied-o sutiha poin ? as to make it cut keenly, threatened to make a c.'orpse _of anytman who attempted to remove the tub,? at the sapme.time holding up the cover of the tub assa shield. Rowley however, entered the cell, defended sy a short lalder, which he carried beforelim, aiid wihile Melville's at tention was irectd' to ith'e. lad;i·i oie of the wards= men seized on him.' " scuffl .'then ensuLed; add on .,r.-Wislc's;proceelding toieiiderassistance, Melville ade a thrust at .him with tld' shaiiieied, end of the spoon. The instrument stiuck Mi? Wi~itle..just at the back of the c?ar,"uan, o inflicted ' rather severe wound, from which the blood flowe'dclplio?sly Rowe Icy then seizedithe spoon, nod, on fihding tltd weapon being released friims hIs grasp, ,llplvill.c:pushedt the sharpened point into rtowley,'s hand, hnt, fortunately for, theltter, his ring tireiented il?h instruiment from inflictittg more thin a slight wound on his hand. 'lhe tub was then taken away, anrd Melvilleo' was hand cuffed. The chief medical officer b"as sent for, a..nd, on his arrival,' directed' the handeuffs 'o' be kept on him, and, in the event of any fiurther insubordination, that a strait-waistcoat'should b pit pn hini.Arotu:s 