THE DECENCIES OP THE DEPOT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sir, — Feeling a strong interest in the subject, I obtained a Speaker's order for the debate on Dr. Owens' motion, on Friday last. I was curi ous to witness the morale of the House on the decencies of the Depot., I confess, Sir, to the weakness of having some love for my fellowmen, and I do not subscribe to the formula that the ' lower order'. of human beings merely have [C bodies to be kicked and souls to be damned.' I believe that decent g virtue is as jmucti oejio'nging to nonest poverty as | ? to speculating agent?, or Christian legislators. I The flunkies of the Assembly seem to follow J other impulses. Sin.cere concern for friendless | females and poor mechanics is not their style of 9 things. I I am very well acquainted with the condition | of the Depot, as yo u. will suppose from my posi | tion ; and I not only confirm every statement I made by Dr. Owens, but I consider tho working I classes are greatly indebted to him for the manly I manner in which lie exposed the abominations I of that establishment. lie spoke before men who daily cover themselves with odium as ' moss li gathers round a stone.' Tho tadpoles stand ) aghast at the ch?»rges advanced ; but the Govern : ' ment swiftly gave, the cue ; and I soon saw that the lion, member for the Loddon was to be put down by tittering; laughter. He well and smartly retorted 'that 'he could only expect ridicule from men of undisciplined morals,' which had the effect of milking certain highly estimable gentlemen sink on their scats. The hideous arrangements of the Depot were laid bare. The agonies of the Comrais missioner of Trade and Customs, who looked anxious to make a flourish about the freedom and happiness reigning in the Depot, was as good as a treat of old Grimaldi. The ugly sights came before him as terrible as the ' ghost in Hamlet.' His visatre at lonjrfcli elonn-ni.fid itsplf as if he wore casting up his weekly accounts between the 'church services.' I have not a doubt that he got a nudge from that '' divinity . that doth enhedge him,' that such discussions were injurious, if not dangerous to society. But, Sir, the charges. The charges still stand — read and believed by the people. Single females huddled together ; and married people — herding in cold and comfortless sheds — un- dressing before each other's gaze ; and sleeping in bunks which do not provide decent separa tion ! Amidst sexes, in confined bunks, ' tlie sick havo been allowed to lie generating disease among the healthy, and women to go through the trials of child-bed unprotected from the gaze of men. The apologetic defence of the Commissioner of Trade and Customs was not creditable to him or to the colony. He made an attempt fco damage the statements of Dr. Owens, whilst every word he uttered confirmed their undeniable truth. You will remember a portrait in the description of the ' House of Pride,' — ' And still did chaw Between his cinkcred teeth a venomous toad, That all Hio p-i;on soon about his jaw, But iuwardly he chawed his own maw.' Heales and Grooves flung up their dirty caps on behalf of nude exhibitions. Service and John Thomas Smith were both absent. This was unfair to themselves. One of theso gentlemen was great recently on the wrongs of unprotected children, when vote was taken for the Orphan Asylum. The other is a well-known opponent of nude exhibitions in sculptured marble. I should have been curious to see how he felt and voted on the nudity question in another aspect. How ever, their places wero ably supplied by Heales and Greeves. The patriotic teetotaller has licked the platters of his betters lately, and now persuades himself that he knows the use of 'knife and fork.' Dr, Greeves felt as 'one of us,' — himself an ex-commissioner who had allowed the Depot nuisance to remain unattended to during his brief and brilliant administration of the office. Suoh are the ' People's men !' There is a great deal of cant about ' those pagan Chinese,' but the display of Friday will re-assure the unlucky Mongolians, and show them that they have kindred spirits in the Assembly. Even ' consecrated Blair,' — who has made the question of ' public and political morality' his own, — spoke not a word ;'he must have made his peaco lately with the nymphs that were wont to waylay him in Bourke street ; and his damp and lugubrious morality, perhaps, will take some time to quicken again into fire. Is it not too bad that a Christian legislature should echo the talk of that ' Israelite indeed, Mr Nahemiah Guthridge, about making people too comfortable ?' Lot tho working classes, therefore, look to themselves, and go into this affair in sober earnestness — not resting in their labors until they have made the Depot a place fit for the reception of the wives and sisters yet to follow to this country. 'Too comfortable !' As if there were not hardships enough undergone in separation from friends and homes. It was no dilletanti sympathy with idlers and dreamers that gave force to Dr Owens's well-told remarks. He stated that he had himself faced the world — for many years of his life living in tent3, and in places where he could only wrap himself in his blanket aud rest beneath the pine tree. Such a man is really a ' people's represent ative,' aud it is honorable to find him true to his professions and experiences. You don't report in your paper tho remarks that passed on medical subjects in the Depot. Mi M'Culloch and Dr Greeves came out great in denying Dr Owens's opinions ; but the latter stated in his reply that the chief Medical officer had, himself furnished the information ! Nothing can be done with such representatives as the majority who voted against the motion. To be the 'father of a large family'' wrung no sympathy from the jolly premier. It is a senti ment too unstatesmanlike for ' heaven-born ' ministers. When Micliie was in opposition he had the scent of a blood-hound for such cases ; but he was ' translated ' to his present benefice before be opened his budget. He had other irons in the fire besides the exposure of tho lunatic ? i,,N r clmll i-nrvlnfl lll.vi f,n r,.-,lnv tn convince him that I have seen him elsewhere than on tho Treasury benches) of his post-haste expedition to the brow of the hill beyond the Benevolent Asylum, to see if the subsistence of the embankment would form a pathway ( via tho Attorney-General's office) to the coveted Chief Justiceship. Alas, he has no motive to virtue now. He has not endangered a blood-vessel by his expedition to the Depot ; nor did ho endanger his reputation for tender- heartedness by his vote. There is something touching in the mystery of my friend Aspinall's vote. Does he not believe in re formation ? I forgot, at tho time, that he may have been too busy with his Crown briefs, to give the subject due attention. But among the Depot defenders, who would have expected to see Henry Langlands 1 I pitied the ' well-meaning' old gentleman as he walked across the floor to the left of the chair. Does he not believe in decency either 1 Or does he coincide with brother Na hemiah in rejocting tho immigrant's claim to be at least as comfortable as his ox or his as3 1 I am afraid, brother Henry, that you fall asleep now in church, and that it is a long time since you heard or read of the good Samaritan. Brother Henry, ' believest thou the prophets 1' I cannot add that ' I know that thou believest.' I wish to add, in conclusion, that I myself came out in an immigrant ship ; and I thank yon for the spirited way you have taken up the subject. I trust the Age will continue to defend right and expose wrong. If the people would really use their power, there need bo no complainings of modesty ridiculed, and indecency made a subject of merriment with our arrogant and heartless legislators. CAUSTIC. Melbourne, 29th August, 1857. 