' ? A GHOST AT AVOLLOMBI. - - We find thejollowing in the Maitland ?' Mercury'.--* ;,:. -'.;;,;.-?- :;.;.. :;.-;;,; ;, Anther incr-;dib'o tale » has. been,; nar rated by. several1; persons ? from Wullombl, . ; whilst in Mnitlanddiiring the ' assizes; The itatement his Been' corroborated ao far that the woman , who' says she has been favoured with a visit from n denizen of nnother World is known 'to reside on './the . Quarry bulong estate',' aud in the cottapo referred, to. ''?-, The story runs' ih'un .—A woman named Laekelt, shortly afier her arrival in the country, some three years since, went and took up her abode ia a iiut *pn the QuarryboIbnR eslatp, the ; pro-' ?-_'' jierly, we. beliete, of.. Mr. Close, ri Fre qiiently Mrs; LaRkeit imagined that she caw a'something which she could' not'dea-; cri Lei apparently playing at hide and seek: behind tha' trees,: and then around the, ; hut, but having no belief in ghosts she put:; it down as an optical delusion. ?Within the last six months, however,'1 this iii y sterioui ? sbmelhini^ assumed ' a more natural form.:. At first it appeared like a bundle of woman's clothes, suspended in the air, and used iodeliglit in hovering , over. a. woter-hole'vin ' the ' creek,: a ..little ? distance from Mrs. Laakelt's hut ; but the momentary fear nod trepidation wliich was oocisioned by this appariiiun having sub-, sideij, 'nothing niore was ' thought of' it.'; At last the- woman's clothes, when.nexl ? seen, were on ah appniently apjed fern ile ? her face' was pale and won, 'and miserable to look , upon. ? L'fting up' one ,'of -her hands slie- beckoned Mrs. LaskVtt to follow her ?, -but flesh and. blood could :not .stand the fright,: and the ? poor ''woman.' had fainted. 'Night after digtit',/ this. ?..jj'lios'tly. visitor' appeared, but fright prevented Mrs. Laskett from obeying'hor injunction. At length ihe ' determined upon the' nexi visit ; tav-' muster ,up; 'courage : enough to, '.'... ?laddreii'.j 'j:tlie' , gho.U, ..' J. and. .'ask her/ why'- she; continued to.; hiunt her. Ihe next ni(;ht came, and at ihe usual hour tho ghost appeared, looking a shade more raiierable than on previous occa . sions. .Mustering up courage, . Mrs. Laskeltjaid, 'Who! are you 1'. The ghost then told her that her name was I and, that many years' ago; she resided in that hut, that whilst there she had been .foully 'murdered by^ — -, -and beckoning ' with - her -hand, ehe said, ' Follow me, ' abd 1 will shew you where I.He buried.' v' Mrs! Liskett followed, and was,taken down to this waterhole, over, which she., had so often - aeen the strange sights. The ghost was silent until ar riving at the hole, when' turning round,: 8he']said',: ?' My 'body is there,'! and '.dis appeared. Since then Mr, : Laskett 'had not been troubled with her visitor. .Not knowing what W think of this apparition and discovery,' she decided ' upon : asking the advice of her, neighbours. The story created some excitement, and this, ex citement was increased when, upon search lug the record of the Wolloiubi police court, it was discovered that a woman named ——.had resided in that, hut,' and :th»t ahii'hnd disappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, we '..are told, .was held, and Mrs. Laskett was ques tioned and' cross-questioned, but her story was in no way shaken. They were una ble, however, to -test its truth, by search ing fur the supposed bndy in the : water hole, in conieqiienco of the j quantity ; of water at present in it, but intend, we be lieve, doing so when it subsides. We are also told that the person who was named as the murderer is si ill residing in the district! '. What makes this: strange! story ?' moro wondrous strange,' ia the fact of * Mrs. Jji\skett being only a new hand in the colony, and therefore unacquainted with either the names of the former oc cupants oi her house or with ihe circum stances of the mysterious disappearance of an agid woman.- ;;?'?'. ? ' r' 