%ty games forming Straits. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1857. A FIB ! What is it We turn to Dr. Dictionary JOHNSON, and the stern uncompromising moralist bursts out, incontinently : A FIB ? A falsehood-to tell lies ! A FIBBER? A teller of lies The Council of Aldermen have very properly investigated the reflections made by the CHIEF JUSTICE, which implied that one of their number was a witness not worthy of credit-not a witness of truth. A charge very serious in some countries, in others of little force. In India, for instance, according to the unanimous testimony of all judicial gentlemen, falsehood is universal. An oath is nothing-the only utility in taking evidence is, that through the labyrinth of contradictory lies, a sagacious judge may be enabled by a method of his own to overtake the truth. All his hope is in cross examination in surprising the witness into admissions, the consequences of which he does not perceive, and by combining three or four of these lapses, to arrive at a conclusion intended by none of them. This process of hide and seek is viewed by the nations of India as a beautiful game, in which the loser is only unfortunate, and his title to credit proportionate to the vigour of his invention, and the subtilty of his evasions. The standard of British morality is somewhat different. There is much perjury, of which several examples have been seen in our Courts during the last few weeks. Men in their own cause seem to consider everything allowable. Still the social reputation of a witness does receive some slight flaw if he be found a liar in the witness-box. influenced by healthy notions of the value of truthfulness in a citizen and alderman, our Civic body have called on Mr. GOLDEN to show why the judgment of his HONOR should not be entered up in the black books of the Corporation. The defence of the Alderman was not expressed with great clearness, but the allegations and answer appear to be these : Mr. GOLDEN held the office of Building Surveyor to the late Commissioners. While holding that office he superintended the erection of certain houses in Sussex-street. A dispute arising while they were in progress, the Commissioners were informed that their Surveyor had been employed upon them ; this he denied in a formal letter. On the trial referred to, he declared that he had been professionally employed by the defendant ; he could not recollect that he had ever made a contrary statement and was convinced by the production of his own letter to the Commissioners-which stated that his son-not himself-was the architect. The question before the Court of Aldermen was not so much whether these opposite statements could be reconciled, but which was true. If Mr. GOLDEN told the Commissioners the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, of course, the evidence he gave in Court was perjured. The probabilities were in favour of the lighter construction. The Court of Aldermen could have little doubt that Mr. GOLDEN had not sworn falsely, and yet had written to the Commissioners what was untrue. Mr. Alderman GOLDEN explained that he did not consider that he did wrong in supervising buildings, his salary being less than that of a mechanic. Certainly not but this was beside the question. Mr. HOGAN thought " That it was monstrous to assert that the holding a particular office shut a man out of the right and privilege of turning his leisure to a good accounts, he thought much credit was due to Alderman GOLDEN for having, by dint of pet severance, accumulated a little for his family." All this is very true ; but it does not reach the height of the question-for " the charge was that the worthy Alderman denied to his official superiors what Mr. HOGAN thinks, it was so much to his honour to have done. We have been greatly taken with the gentle epithets applied to a formal denial of a charge deemed by Mr. GULDEN'S official superiors worth particular enquiry, and which denial turns out to be untrue. Alderman MURPHY indeed . went further perhaps than necessary, for he said, I " there is enough stated to satisfy my mind and the Council that he is guilty of perjury, and of writing a falsehood." We find on the last count, and say of the first " not proven." But Mr. HOGAN says it was " a bit of a fib ;" he does not tell precisely what a " bit" is. We can comprehend the ghost of a lie ; but by what comparative anatomy in morals, shall we be able to discover the form and di I mention of a " whopper," if we have to deal , with such fragmentary details as " a bit of a I fib ?" Other aldermen admitted that the case was a perfect specimen of thefts variety. Mr. OATLEY said, " My opinion is that he told a fib." Several gentlemen took very # strong views of ribbing, while others thought it was, if not quite defensible, very excusable; and Mr. RYAN moved "That the explanation be considered satisfactory we are happy to say without much support. We shall leave the civic body to the enjoyment of this soft, tender definition of the conduct ascribed to a member of their Court, merely observing that Alderman GOLDEN was not bound by law to hold an office that would not pay that the letter he wrote was an official reply to the gentlemen responsible for his conduct and that it is precisely on the veracity of such correspondence that every transaction of men in social and public life depends. The Aldermen, and at all events the public, will thank the CHIEF JUSTICE for the honest definition of the conduct of Alderman GOLDEN, as it appears in the light of his evidence. We have no wish to infer a general unfaithfulness from the loose morality of this particular " fib." Many things pass current because they are common, which are, nevertheless, most dangerous. We have no desire to see the Alderman made a scapegoat but let it be understood for the future that, according to Dr. JOHNSON " A fish is a liar," and that according to the poet of the nursery, known to every child from the palace to the cottage, The Liars we can never trust Although they speak the thing that's true, And be who does ONE fault at first, \- Then lies to hide, he makes it TWO, ! IN constructing the Yan Yean Waterworks for the supply of the City of Melbourne, it was necessary to cart the iron pipes and other heavy material for a considerable distance from the wharves at which they were landed. The cost and difficulty of their transit threatened, in the wretched state of the roads, to be very serious. The engineer of the work, constructed, therefore, a horse-power railroad from the city to the reservoir for the special purpose of carrying the iron pipes along the line, and depositing them close to where they were to be permanently placed. Attention was called to this extemporised railway in the daily journals of Melbourne at the time of its construction, and it was pointed to as a valuable illustration of what might be done to cover the country with cheap railroads. It has been asserted that the cost of this line has been more than redeemed by the saving effected in the carts of the pipes. We are not aware that any official report on the nature and utility of this work has ever been made, or that during all the debates on railway matters in Victoria any pains have been taken to ascertain whether the Yan Yean line throws any light on the policy of multiplying such works in the colony for the purpose of general traffic. But this point, though apparently neglected in Victoria, has been thought worthy of investigation in a neighbouring colony. In South Australia, where the inferior condition of the roads appears to be pressing heavily on the agricultural interest, the colonists, desirous of improved facilities for internal transit, are yet staggered by the high cost of locomotive railroads, and are looking about eagerly for cheaper expedients. Both Houses of Parliament appointed select committees to enquire into the whole question. The Committee of the Assembly sought information as to the Yan Yean line, and addressed a series of questions on the subject to Mr. JACKSON, the engineer. To these questions he has replied, and his answers give the only account we have as yet seen of the cost and general applicability of this work. As the subject is of quite as much interest here as in any other colony, we subjoin the principal portion of the information thus elicited. Part of the line was made entirely of wood. This was done not from choice but from necessity, iron rails not being at the time procurable in the colony. Various sorts of colonial timber were made use of the red gum being found the most suitable. It cost from £500 to £900 per mile, the difference being owing to the different distances which the timber had to be carted. But this price was altogether independent of fencing, bridges, culverts, and ballasting. The earth worth was very light, gradients as steep as 1 in 33 having been admitted. This wooden railway was not found to answer well. Mr. JACKSON considers that it would be injudicious to repeat the experiment, and that such lines would be dear at any price. But he dies not state in what particulars the failure consisted. The rest of the line was laid with iron rails of 35 lbs. to the yard, and this cost £1500 a mile, exclusive also of the extras specified above. The gauge is not mentioned. This part was found very serviceable. No portion of the line was ballasted, because it was only used in summer ; but to be of use all the year round, Mr. JACKSON is of opinion that ballast is essential, though he thinks that in this climate a less amount would suffice than it is customary to use in England. With respect to the haulage power on the line,' it was found that two horses could draw two trucks with six tons weight up the incline of 1 in 33, though with difficulty. This incline occurs at a part where wooden rails are used. With iron rails, Mr. JACKSON considers the draught would be easier. One horse, he thinks, would do a day's work of twenty-five miles, if there were no stiffer gradient than 1 in 50, but that no speed greater than that of five miles an hour could be obtained for goods traffic. Goods traffic and passenger traffic could not be successfully worked upon the same line if horse-power only is used, and the line would require to be placed under special management as much as if locomotive power was employed. A wooden railway is being laid down by the Victorian Government at Belfast. Mr. JACKSON ventures to predict its failure, on the ground of the experience he has already obtained of such structures. A short time will show how far this prediction will be verified. The Yan Yean line has been used exclusively for the purpose for which it was constructed, and its adaptation for general traffic has not therefore been ascertained. The Belfast line is intended to connect a rich agricultural district with its port of ship- ment, and will consequently afford a fair test of the utility of such a work. We subjoin, without abridgment, Mr. JACKSON'S opinions as to the general railway policy of these colonies : With regard to the remaining questions I beg to state generally, for the information of the Committee, that I am of opinion that much misconception exists generally as to the desirableness of a railway worked by horse-power. I am myself strongly of opinion that, in any new country, the cheapest and readiest way of developing its resources is to lay down" railways, working them at first by animal power, and afterwards substituting locomotives. In laying down these lines, however, I consider that it would be absolutely necessary to form all embankments and cuttings, and to build all bridges, the same as though the lines were to be at once worked by locomotives, and that, if possible, there should be no stiffer gradient than 1 in 50. If, then, there were no possibility, or probability, that there would be a considerable passenger train for (say) ten years, I should lay down an edge rail, of 35 lbs. to a yard, on transverse sleepers, and dog the rails down (no chairs being required). If it were probable that there would be a considerable passenger traffic in several years, and there were no stiffer gradient than 1 in 100 I should lay down a rail not exceeding 56 lbs. to a yard. If the gradients were much stiffer, I should lay down a heavier rail. The cost of each line would entirely depend on local circumstances. I am of opinion that the point or period at which it becomes desirable to substitute locomotive for animal power is when it is considered necessary to use the one for the conveyance of passengers as well as goods, or when a greater speed than five miles an hour is sought to be maintained. In Great Britain it is generally regarded that by a large passenger traffic alone can a railway become a paying speculation ; but it must be recollected that almost every railway in Great Britain has to compete with canals and navigable rivers, and that, under any circumstances, water carriage is the cheapest. Now, with the traffic of by far the greatest portion of heavy and imperishable goods, time is of little importance, and hence has arisen the circumstance that, even in the case of a railway laid almost parallel to and immediately adjoining a canal, the goods traffic on the latter has considerably increased for the reason that the railway has caused greater facilities for the communication of individuals residing in different towns, and hence more business has been transacted, while the railway has been unable to carry goods, where time was of little moment, at anything like the same rate at which they could be conveyed on the canal. It has also been demonstrated that, excepting in two cases - 1st, where time is of importance; and, 2nd, where there is a very heavy mineral traffic railways cannot compete with common macadamized roads, if a greater speed than six or eight miles an hour be maintained. I enclose a tracing showing an end elevation of a pair of wheels so constructed as to be able to run either on a common road or a railroad. This invention has been used by a professional friend of mine in America for several years, and works admirably and a patent was taken out in England a year or two ago by Mr. Groskill for something of the same kind. The drawing shows the wheels as placed on a railway ; when travelling on a common road the portion which on the railway, serves as the flange, is the part which bears on the road. One of the advantages of these wheels is, that a man may lead a truck at His own house, situated, say, two or three miles from a railway; place the truck on the railway without unloading anything, and couple it to any passing train. The method by which the truck can at any moment leave the line is remarkably simple, and it is not necessary here to describe it. As I have witnessed the great utility of wheels of this kind, I commend the introduction of them to the consideration of the committee, remarking that, on railways working at a low rate of speed, say by animal power, such wheels may safely be made very light. In conclusion I may state that, in my opinion, great regard should in these colonies be given, " in considering the question of internal communication, to the cost of working a line after it is finished, as well as to economy in construction for an easy made line may be a very difficult and expensive one to work and although I am of opinion that, for any means of communication for goods traffic, in a new colony, between districts not thickly peopled, and in the absence of facilities for water-carriage, the first object should be to get over the greatest possible length of country at the least possible expense ; still it should not be forgotten that a parsimonious economy that considered only the present time might render all that was done of little use. It is perfectly clear to me that any railways made in any one of the Australian colonies, for communication with the interior, where a greater speed than (10) ten miles is sought to be obtained, will not directly pay much more than working expenses for some years to come ; still I think that railways, whether worked by horses or locomotive, will, in any new colony where there is a lack of good water-carriage, be found cheaper and better than macadamized roads and although I am of opinion that passenger and goods traffic cannot be worked together on a single line by animal power with profit or advantage, I would beg to remark that, while in Great Britain it is most desirable to provide for the convenience of passengers at the expense of the goods, in these colonies it is most desirable to consider the goods and natural productions of the country, as there are few places where, " if the natural ground is not cut up by heavy drays, a man on horseback cannot pass with the greatest ease and if a general system of light railways were introduced, drays, excepting for homestead and town purposes, would, in a short time, be as seldom used as the old mail coach is in Great Britain." 