THANKSGIVING. Bishop Short has forwarded the following form of Thanksgiving, to be used by the Clergy of the Church of England, to-morrow, and the following Sunday, to our contempo rary :— " I have endeavoured," says Bishop Short, " In the accompanying prayer to give expression to the very general feeling of thankfulness at this period of the history of the colony. If it were printed in your paper;) on Saturday, perhaps many might be led to use it their family worship." " A form of Thanksgiving for the 28th of Decem ber, 1857, being the 21st Anniversary of the Pro clamation of the ColonyAlmighty God, our Heavenly Father, whose Providence is over all Thy works, and without whom not one sparrow falleth to the ground, wo come before Thee at this time to acknowledge thy special goodness towards the people of this province ever smce Thou gavest them this land to possess. Surely Thou hast ordered all things well concerning them. Our lot hath fallen on a good ground. Our waters have not failed, and our bread hath been sure. Thou hast not visited our offences with the rod, neither hath any pesti lence come nigh our dwelling. Thou hast fille-i our garners with all manner of store. Our sheep have brought forth ten thousands in our streets. Thou hast not suffered our cattle to decrease. Peace has reigned in all our borders. Tho voice of joy and health has been in our dwellings. Our sons have grown up as the young plants, and our daughters as polished corners of Thy temple.: For these so great benefits of Thy mercy we desire to thank Thee with unfeigned hearts. We praise Thy name, and declare the wonders that Thou doest for the children of men. But with shame and confusion of face we acknowledge that we have not rendered unto Thee according to the greatness and multitude of Thy mercies. We have not given Thee the honour due to Thy name, nor worshipped Thee in the beauty of holiness. But Thou art gracious and merciful; slow to anger, though wo have rebelled against Thee, and have not walked in the laws which 1 hou hast set before us. Turn Thou us, O good Lord, and so shall we be turned. Give us the comfort of Thy spirit. Stablish us in the faith and love of Thy clear Son Ho will we not go back from Thee nor behave ourselves frowardly in Thy Covenant. Let Thy Church serve Thee in all godly quietness, and we Thy people and sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever and be showing forth Thy praise from genera tion to generation, through Jesus Christ c ur only Saviour and Redeemer, to whom, with Thee, O Father, and the Holy Ghost, be glory in the Church, throughout all ages world without end. Amen.' " 