SOUTHERN DISTRICT. (From the Goulburn Chronicle of Wednesday.) i «JHINESB IMMIGRATION.-Within the last few day» »orrie hundreds of Celestial» have pasttd through. Goulburn en rovte for the Oiens. Our yellow- ' visaged friends ha Ve been wandering, throngS/the streets in parties,to,the amazement of the townsfolk», who have been not a little amused by the queer dress,, strange demeanour, and unintelligible language of their singu'ar visitants. The stores have cleared out n_t a small quantity of rice. The mass of the men, appeared to be under the control of a select few of their countrymen - Chinese bosses, who, having amassed money, have imported this " shipment" to , ' work for them at the mines. They travel overland to- . the Ovens, to avoid the £10 poll tax imposed by the Victorian Government at the sea ports. THE WEATIIEU AND TUE Cnors AT QUEANBEYAN. During the last four days we have had beautiful wea- ther with good drying, -id it is likely to remain , settled for some time, which will be of great benefit .to the settlers, their wheat having received, it being mostly cut, more or less damage from tho late heavy; rains. Hay has also suffered vtrv much. FUNERAL SERVICE.-On Sunday last the Rev. S. Rabone, from Sydney, preached two sermons in the Wesleyan Chapel, Goulburn : in the morning from the 9th and 10th verses of the 7th chapter of Revela- tions, and in the evening from the Book of Job, 14th chapter and 10th verse :-" Man dieth, and wasteth away : yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ? The latter service (designed to improve the death of the late Rev. Benjamin Hurst) was most impressive. The chapel was crowded to excess, and about fifty persons stood outside. After the ser- mon, a most interesting and instructive memorial of Mr. Hurst's last days on earth was read from the pul- pit, and listened to with deep attention by the congre- - gation. These services, and the melancholy event, which occasioned them, will not soon be forgotten, but long will the memory of their late minister be cherished by his bereaved people. "ORANGE, 7ih Jamiury.-A correspondent informs ni that on the afternoon of the 6th they werevisited by one of the heaviest hailstorms ever known in the dis-, . trict. The early part of the day was ixceedingiy hot and sultry/ and when the clouds begi.n to rise in tho south, their black and angry appearance soon indicated a fearfully heavy discharge somewhere. The storm took a north-westerly direction, and where it» full vengeance was poured forth it produced the most de- solating effects. Amongst the sufferers from this visit- ation, Mr. W. Dale appears to be the greatest. His loss is estimated at £500 ; but he bears it admir- ably consoling himself with the thought, "it might t have been worse, and there are many of my neigh- bours who could worse afford it." I could scarcely refrain from envying him his calm fortitude. Several of our wheat-growers say they have sustained some loss frpm this unwelcome visitation, butt to what ex- tent it is impossible to say, as it is by the beating of the heads, which no doubt would have been threshed, had they, boen npe. Reaping is just coining an, and it is generally believed that the labour will be quit« equal to the demand ; £1 an acre with rations and grog appears to be the price fixed upon for cutting. 