ST. IMTIUCK'S OITUItCET. luesday last the 17th instant, being (h0 festival of .Stl'atnek, Ins Grace the Archbishop, as , '' ifi^Ck?' Mlob»l«» Jtigli Mass at St. At eleven o'clock precisely, several priests, sub ? leacons, and about twenty acholyte] descend nK from the altar, proceeded down the aisle of ho ehurch to meet Ins Grace the Archbishop, e Very R,!r. the Ticar-Gencral, and the Yen tho porch and advanced to the altar, preceded by two magmncct crosses. Tho procession, no,v cbnsUt mg ot from 30 to 35, was very imposing 'Iho ceremony throughout was most solemn Iho choir throwing out in excellence the sn-cct in (.orations and- melodies of sacred music in a luVhlv efocicnt manner; indeed, tho different parts blended ns they WOre so harmoniously together could scarcely be surpassed. -' vufa''op- Ib was gei.orally known that tho Eer. Dean ' Coney was to lecture on this occasion, and that rev. gentleman ascunded the pulpit after tho chant ing o -the Gospeh and delivered an instructive and able discourse. [We are very sorry that space will not permit us to give a lull report, as room mus be mado lor other matter of domestic and local im IJ10 Kev. gentleman having read the Epistle and Gospel said: OurDivino Lord before ascendinj; into heaven .commanded his apostles logo forth and each all nations, baptizing them in tho namo of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost promising (o remain with them all days oven unto tho end of the world. In obodioneoto his diW command, they (the apostles), went forth and preached tho Cross of Christ s teaching the littlo ones, ordaining bishops and priests, making and consecrating churches, erecting monasteries; &e.; Hut these good, and chosen men of God were but mortal and had to pay tho common debt of nature — ThflV rlltm— -hllf. nni- ltnl'A..,. *1 ? V 1 , successors and sent then forth to judge as it wore the twelve tribes of Israel and to evangelize all the people ot God. J.rom the fountain head they were commissioned and in glory went forth, submitting with patience and Christian fortitude to tho sweet : yoke ol their labour. In tho far western 'island, they had to encounter these whoso religion was not ot iho Lord God, but looking on tho work of that groat God—the sun— thoy idolized and worshipped ?inm' ?e?i' ,Tho £»?'«?? o«'«wl i'leeuse, aye, and some to this day ofTer lnoonso to tho sun, Theso pcoplo sat in darkness and ignorance, but, takinc pity, God sontinhis apostles and followers to evangelize them. These were m'bu— holy men— co,nm.ssioncd to bear tho cross, and preach tho doctrmo of Jesus Christ. But another vessel was prepared to proclaim the Gospel of Christ and bring thousands and millions of erring souls to ' ?o 1. ? i , I1IB vcsso1 wo llec°en«6 St. . Patrick. 1 atnclt who was born at Boulogne, a.d 387 His -arents took euro to educate their voungpromisin' boy m the path of religion j . every moVning did that good mother lay hold of that little hiind and sign him with tho sign of tho crosB; every da v did that good father bring his fond hope-his child, to religious assemblies, and thoroask of God to npcept. and, bless him. Oh ! what an example win there given Jor tho parents of this day. Thoy lost.no opportunity in asking the graco and bless 1115\. ot Orod on tho tender cam which it. pleased Him to irnposo on them. Do you, tho parents of this age, bring your children up in tho same path and ask God's assistance in your good work ? Alas! nla--! henv frequently is this duty neglected. How frequently are children ignorant, of. their prayers, ignorant of the sign of the cro«!-. TJnle.is yon ruur your children us they did, you will most assuredly, have to give ,1 d rend ful account for your neglect. * * * - * * # * lie (Patrick) continued under the roof of his parents till he ivached hia sixteenth year. At, this time a warrior was making incursions on Gaul— and seized on his way all tlio young men and pea sants that he met. Among 'those pressed into captivity was Patrick, who, like Joseph, was afrnr wards sold and sent a way to perform the daily avocation of a herdsman. In this trying school o'f urvor8iry lie witnessed hardship and want; lie saw his position, and resigned it to tho Divino Will; and hnre ii was, that that Will permitted him to stny for six long years, to accustom himself to the language and usage of the place, and toprcpurc far a glorious future. Being warned at tho expiration of this time, 'he went to the sea shore ; ho saw. a sail, hailed it, spoke tho captain and nskod him for a passage to his native land. But tho ca.plain thinking him a- spy, or an enemy, refused, said no ! Ihe youth turning away, sont up n prayer of sup pheation to the Almighty, making an act of resig nation, and asking protection from that God who hart alwuys protected him. In tho midst of his devotion ho heard a voice behind saying 'Come they want you. thev nvn'wiiit.inirfn» ir/m ' C'i.,,,n.,,i le turned back to the ship, and was safely car ried to his father's house, being at this timo 22 years of age. He remaiucd ,for four yc.irs with his lather and his undo, and was then sent to the Semi nary of Loiu-'PjWherehc learnt thcininorsludie5,und the science of the Saints. Here ho continued fn=tin' and praying. God has said 'Ask and you shall receive. . Let us.thon reccivq by prnjer thai which is so essential, and which 19 to bo obtained on such easy conditions. It is absolutely necessary 111 order to uvert the temptations of 'the devil to have reeourso to that, which, Patrick by his prac tice, basset ao bright an example— fiisHinr and prayer. * . * # « += *n -? IU (St. Patrick), after leaving the seminary, re turned 1 0 his parents— was shortly afterwards made captive, but soon returned to' Ins parental roof once more. One, day sleeping, ho thought that he saw a man approaching, hearing a number of let ters from the laud which he anenvards adopted, one. of which was for himself ; he took, and opened it, and the first line « as ' Holy youth, come and dwell among, us.1' What did this mean ? To touch them (he way of salvation. Thai lottor pro mised obedience to St. Patrick— n spiritual invita tion, wherein each and, every one promised obedi ence to the church. ? Are we obedient? Do we boCV tin* nlini'nli V Tin «-» U«. «... ? j. __i_ n -1 r the Adorable Sacrifice ? Are the Holvdays, days of abstinence, and fasting- days observed ? Do we send our children to be present, and store their minds with religious knowledge for the salvation of their souls ? Some do, but they are fov.: Unfor tunately 111 tins land there are hundreds and thoii sands who do not. -What numbers of excuses —such as infirmity, worldly affairs, sickness, arid so on— are thrown in to excuse the sinner from tho observance of the fasts and other duties the church imposes on Christians. Will these apologies do, when, standing before the tribunal of n i,,qf. a^l you await tho rewards of your deeds on this earth ? Certainly not. There, there will bo no reward for satisfy ing sensual appetite, and indulging in worldly pleasures. Obey, then, the church, and remember what obedience was promised when you said ' Holy youth, come and dwell nmong us.' * * Alter tho reception of the letter, he leaves lilce Aura ham, goes into a foreign land and studies phi losophy, to prepare himself for his mission and tho conversion of Ireland. For nineycars he remained in Lemis performing good works, and then went to the fountain-hcadrpf good-Rome. From Borne he was commissioned to 'go and preach to tho PrT,L- ' i- ho alld a few P''iests- with the blearing ,' ' — , ? i»-....iui.u. j.n«y reacneel Jft-uncc in 'J32, where Patrick was consecrated, and, with tho 1 wests, arrived at Wicklaiv_thosameyear,but wero afraid of the /princes and the people to land Moving farther on to County Downf they Bllected a landing m safety. Happy day for Irc and! thneo happy day:! that such a man set his oot on Ireland for the third time, ovoss in hand, Lo lead and show them the 'way to salvation! (Ihe lecturer went on describing the usages of. the Druids at ns time-Easter ; St. Patrick's inter TLr:: ! ih0C 'i^*1,15'3' a»d « sub.equont.ftiondly. '™7yu^' Jie learned gentleman proceedine said) :-Hc and Ins priests were truo to their call° nig, and going forth with the cross raised above then; heads, preaohed Christ crucified. .Durinc his t imo here sufforing from hunger, thirst, calumny, dangers by land and rivers, in fear of being way' layed by the Druids, ho succeeded in establishing monasteries, nunneries and houses of devotion. I' or 40 years did ho .thus suffer for our sake. Ho next wont to Armagh, there fixed his Sec and con tinued in his good works for tho remainder- of his hie ; and on the 17th March, 404, that good, that pious that holy saint, winged his way to overlast mrr bliss. t-Jo nha ktn.;A.i „*. -n ? . . -. ran Ci 11 , '' -''wnpacricK, m ins 'f*^\ IT' h n11 the h0»01-s. that the attendance of lOngs, Bishops and nobles could confer. But brethren, who built a monument; to pepotuato hw before he left, this world, and thoy were monuments of faith, live,, to this day proofs of his good works aro to be seen. What blessings, attended us works! what a lino of followers in succe sion .0 has established. Yes, from that day to this, Id93 years, has ho boon succeeded. Travel tlio four quarters of the world, Europe; Asia, Africa awl America, and there you will find Irish priests' ?'?'!!!? 1' hlS Sie')s' '° ed!0' tho people. Even .^ i..UOU|S,.Oi oc. j.'ntnck ,md Austin, labor to suppress in ho floek, the works of the devil the world, and the flesh. Under the ono great mission did these two groat men perform such holy works and established tho faith and the Cross of Christ ; and under the samo mission do wo hand in hand follow them ; wo have no other ond in view and Irish priests and English priests labor in the one path for the salvation of souls. Will Irishmen will Englishmen, dissent ono with tho other ? No '? but when they hear, the voice of our Venerable .?Superior raised for their admonition and edification they wi 1 rovore and respect it, they will show to the world their unity and obedience.' The devas tating hand of oppression-dissension— will not be - raised to lay waste the land of our adoption. Away with such ! Lot not the voice of slander and de motion dwell among us ! Ming it awny-flin* it back to the devil, from whom.it-camo, -and pro h^VV°rlCl tlf' y?fT th0 ''6die.it children of tiieso two groat and holy men. '? SermOT W'S Collcoted in th°; pmirph after the 