SHOCKING BAD COOKS. It appears, by the sudden development of various plans for the culinary instruction of poor girls, that the social want of good cookery has become very pressing. In out manufacturing districts women and girls employed in mills and workshops are notoriously unfit for housekeeping. In these cases a most encouraging success has attended such efforts OF have been made to teach cooking and other i household arts and it is certainly true that not a few women have found the domestic , saving arising from keeping house properly more than equivalent to factory wages. It is evident that community of cooking and feed- ing is an exceedingly cheap plan and as soon as this is understood, illustrations come , from all parts of the civilised t world, where men eat meat at long tables for less cost than the artisan and laborer in this country dine on everlasting bread and cheese or bacon and potatoes. Our by people, are not naturally disposed to gregarious feeding. They had much rather eat at their own time, and in their own way, at home. At present, the home meal cannot BtrstatD. any comparison with the very worst that CAD. Pte got elsewhere. At the fourpence? dinner tables in London, where there is no cloth, and the knife and fork are chained to the table, the slice of beef or mutton is better than three other men's wives out of four could not I before their husbands. Our emigrant women go out unable to cook ; they pick up the eas- terns of the country they settle in, and the consequences are really melancholy. Over a stretch of country as large as Great Britain, the working-man has invariable diet, which the stomach can long endure. Beef steak thin the times a day, smoked and burnt outside and raw within: fried potatoes, hard and sunny,; and sometimes eggs ditto. Elsewhere: it is salt pork fried, the most unwholesome diet, and nearly the most wasteful, that a man can sit down to. We observe the most earnest at parts, in the form of newspaper advertise- n oats, to this country to Send out women who em cook: and, indeed, the health, moral", and civilisation of our colonies, and if our countrymen settled in the western vtJiid,' seem to depend more on the training of our girls to household duties than thoughtless people would readily believe. I At home, we need but allude to the wife-beating milich weighs heavily on the social heart and conscience, and to the evil uses to which for many of our working-men are seen to turn their increased leisure, to indicate the simple dance of domestic comfort to our' national standing at so critical a time as the press int. We seem to have become somewhat suddenly aware of the needless misery of thousands of working men's homes, and of the spread of low dissipation among the classes set more of MR than of old by the early closing movement, six by a period of high wages. The "natur- J\ kim shows itself in various ways,, an I .'.ttôSg others in the earnest desire 99 Mke cooks of the rising generation of girls. Take ivory well; for, however absurd it would, be to expect to regenerate the domestic life of a million of men by any one method, it is C3r tain that men cannot be expected to bffsteady and amiable homestayers unless they have a good table there wholesome and agreeable food, conducive to health and good humor. There'Bhouldibe schools for the middle or, lower classes, where the dinner is introduced as an educational element, and cottage cookery regularly taught as an art. The culinary plans pursued at Sandbach, in Oh? shire,' have lately interested a great number of readers, some of whom, we may hope, will become imitators. The instruction ' there seems to be just of the kind most wanted the art of roasting and boiling meat aid of dressing vegetables, together with the good housewife s staple dish and constant triumph, the savory stew; and, for the sick,' the best way of making gruel and other nursery; cookery. Before us lies the prospectus offal more aspiring scheme-the School of Cookery iii Edward street, Regent's Park. Originally intended for girls from the National School, to fit them for the household duties of their station, it is now expanding, it seems, into a means of eliciting culinary tendencies fro in the average mass, and affording training for a race of professional cooks. Something go ) i may be hoped, from each scheme but all of them put together will not effect what is wanted. It seems rather surprising that, at a time so fertile in benevolent enterprise a 3 ., ours, and when women have shown as efficiency and zeal in many provinces of social service which will certainly mark the age, this particular reform has not yet had! its female apostle. One woman has virtually regenerated hospital nursing; another 'had instituted prison reform; another has organised our Australian female emigration ; another has effectually restrained attempt dance in the multitude of wild Californians and another has regenerated the condition of lunatics in more countries than one. Why has no one regenerated the cookery of the, working; classes, from the highest to the lowest ? Nobody seems to have any doubt of the good that would be done by itinerant a ' instructors, taking their apparatus about with i them, and lecturing from place to place. An 1 not only lecturing but remaining long enough in one place to establish the learners in good methods end to leave them in possession of the necessary means, as well as the skill of a cooking range, for instance, which would cook the dinner of a dozen people at once, with a saving which would presently clear! the cost. This is proper woman's work. Then must be many women among us who have the ability, the time, and the benevolent zeal and patience required for a great and good work like this. Whoever Bets about it property will succeed, and such a success will be a thing worth having lived for News of the World I , " I WHY IS THE NEGRO BLACK Our ancient superstitions wonderments are quitting us one by one, and soon there will be no mysteries of ignorance left us. We caught one lately, gliding out of the door of a laboratory ; but we held it fast, that we might examine it very fully and team of science the spell by which it had laid at least one of the ghosts which used to go about the world and trouble men's minds with falsehoods and cruelties. Por 1 n stance, the negro and his organic difference to the white man which was the ghost We caught at the laboratory door how- often a have we not heard it gravely argued, that his black blood is the mark set on the descendants of Coin, or - on another side the sign of servitude by which the children of unrighteous Ham are to be known for ever. We remember how, in our youthful home, where orthodoxy and respectable super; station were Strong, any attempt to explain the physiological cause of that blackness would have been scouted as impiety, and t presumptuous prying into the inscrutable ways of Providence. Now, however, time! are changed. Nothing is held to be an ua readable riddle, from the formation of worlds to the laws of human life and in particular, the problem standing as our text has no sumed to itself an Euclid in the person a of a Dr. Draper, of New York, who, is a recent and most elaborate work on human physiology, undertakes to explain a why the negro IS black, and how he be- cornes so. And these are his steps Human blood is made up of certain corpuscles calle 1 cells, which, amongst many other things; contain globulin-a substance chemically, between casein and albumen, and clematis. Now hematite is red, and contains an infinite amount of iron. One of the most important wheels in our internal machinery is the liver and a healthy action of the liver is necessary for the healthy action of " every other organ and function. An l one of, the 1 duties of the liver is to help in removing the J 1 old and worn out blood cells, while riding, at the same time, in the construction of ne Y oneB; which duty includes the carrying out from the system of all excess of cremation or iron. A hot climate disturbs the normal action of the blood ; also of the liver. The imperfect oxygen accompanying great he in not only adds to the darkness of the national blood, but also, by the want of energetic respiration which it involves, tends to the over fatness and torpidity of the river, By this inaction of the great cleansing agent, the j inmates of the blood cells accumulates in the system and wandering restlessly about having no place to go to, and no business there at all, it gradually takes refuge 'an I makes its settlement in the lower and a spherical coils of the cuticle: which it thus bronzes from 01 ango tawny down to negro black, according to the heat of the climate, \- the consequent inactivity of the lives, and the amount of. cremation left as refuse in the system. Whether this explanation be true 01 no we leave to subtler physiologists to decide, But it strikes us as noteworthy from its simplicity, and the air of confidence with which it demolishes one of the ancient mysteries of ignorance. The base form of the skull too nically the prognathous, or jaw-protruding of the negro, is also ascribed to the sum cause. The liver aids immensely in the Work jug and development of the brain and th. brain moulds the skull not the skull the: brain. A man with a diseased or torpid liver never works healthfully, or with the full power of his mental organisation. And what is true of individuals is true also of 1 areas Thus, the, inactive liver of hot climate J creates a < smaller, less energetic, less finely; organised, and more basely developed bran than is found in the temperate latitude! pasSing gradually from the elliptical skulls the Caucasian-the ideal man-to the-pyri midal head of the red or copper- colored, ma 3 down, to the lowest type of all, the progeny tboUB, or, jaw-protruding, skull of the negro as the lines fall nearer or more distant' fro i: the' equator. 80 by this showing, ' pop Quashio owes, not only his skin, but his skin to that unsuspected liver of his not', out the brand of Cain, and the sign c slavery on his hide, but the cerebral develop ment and ape likeness which ignorance 'Bety. ; hold of, as the cause and excuse of cruelty The same reason lies at the other side of the extreme. In very high latitudes, where human life is nothing but a fierce struggle with nature, the same copper-colored Skin an degeneration of skill are found as under the palm- trees and in the date groves, where ma may He down beneath their shade, and when nature will, feed him enforced. Again do P Banw cause. Gold checks the action 0 the liver equally with heat; and the Bhivei mg Esquimaux owes to his wretched fure an sluggish circulation his social misery and uses ? deBolatenesB, the excess of heart Which dyes the Batu. andthe pyramid sku wealth marks his mental degeneracy; just a thefierysun and the languid airs of the crop! wand and disgrace the Mongolian and a; " VeF°;,.,.VVo may 00 allowed, perhaps, I feel as 'the sceptical as to the fact that up the state of a man's liver shall depend in an , marked degree the shape of his scull ; buff! our common experience there is enough t dispose us to a little faith in the theory which connects the liver of the negro or the Indi J with his skin. The black hair and dark diet belong to what is called the bilious or: melancholic temperament naturally occur I our. hands. Only it is to be understood th 1 to attribute to the natives of tropical or area climates Skins colored through any disorder of the liver, would be as great a mistake 1 any man could make in reasoning in nature it would be to suppose that man was create only for life in the temperate zone, and the in the distribution of races there was no el Vino design, no divine wisdom.-Ilouseho Words. 