REVIEW. (From Brownson's Review for January.— Continued.) The Catholic. Letters addressed by a Jurist to a 'Young Kinsman proposing to join the Church of Rome. By E. H. Derby. Boston : Jewett and Co., 1856. 12mo., pp. 293. , Well, compare Catholic Ireland and Protestant England as we find them to-day, and say which stands the highest, judged by the Christian standard ? I deny not that there are many Irishmen at home and abroad who are no credit to their religion ; I deny not that there are many Irishisms which are not to my taste, and that sometimes annoy me : but no man competent to judge can for one moment iiuoiuuu iu uMuj i uiai in a moral ana religions pome of view, in moral dignity of character, and in the peculiar Christian virtues, those which have the pro mise of eternal life, the pre-eminence belongs unmis takeably to the Catholic Irish. Catholic Ireland is farniore moral than Protestant England, has abso lutely and relatively fewer crimes, fewer vices, and far less intemperance. You look in vain for that moral debasement and degradation among the Irish peasantry that you meet at every step in the English peasantry, operatives, and miners. Your humblest Irishman who has not lost his religion, has a self respect, a politeness, an elevation of feeling, a true that an Englishman of the same rank of life, not only has not, but is usually unable even to conceive. In. all Catholic countries you cannot fail to remark in the lower classes, if they retain their faith, they are never so low as the corresponding classes in other countries. They never feel that because they are poor they cease to be human, or that they are of a different nature from the rich. Catholic Irqland, I concede, is not as rich as Protestant England ; but when you take into con sideration the circumstances into which the Catholic Irish have been placed, the legislation that for so long a time rendered their property, if they had any, insecure, and operated to prevent them from acquir ing property, you must concede that in true industry and thrift, those cardinal virtues in the estimation of the New Englanders, they have proved themselves in no sense inferior to the English. We are more struck by the fact that they have been able to live, have contrived to keep soul and body together, than we arc by the immense accumulations of Protestant England. In strength of body, in physical courage, in all manly exercises, in ingenuity, in all that tries or developcj one's manhood, the Irishman is at least equal to the Englishman of the same class. The English are superior to the Irish only in the genius of organisation — a natural, not an acquired supe riority. The Irish genius, like that of all the Celtic tribes, is disintegrating, and in politics yields to the English as the old Gallic tribes yielded to the Romans, although surpassing them in numbers, and equalling them in courage and military ardor. The reason of this difference I cannot explain, but it is not owing to the difference of religion, for it was as striking when England and Ireland were both Catholic as it is now. This genius of organization, whichmakes apeople a king-people, and fits it to be a robber as well as a moral people, and its material conquests and accumulations, with the physical \- power growing out of them, are all that Protestant England can boast over Catholic Ireland. In all else, the Catholic Irish, allowance made for the oppression they have suffered from power in the hands of Protestants, are far above the Protestant English. The Protestant Englishman is prouder ; does not doubt that he is a greater and a better man ; he walks the earth with a sturdier step, and speaks in a louder and gruffer tone ; but he will be found on examination to be inferior to the Catholic Irishman in mental quickness and activity, in intelligence, wisdom, virtue, politeness and grace. But this is not all, nor the most. We would ask Mr. Derby to tell us what has during these hun dred years sustained the Catholic Irish, and saved them from utter moral debasement and degradation. The high moral character, the deep sense of religion, the stern virtues, the noble sentiments which mark the majority of the Catholic Irish, must be con ceded : but how have they maintained them in spite of the efforts made for three hundred years to bru ? ? talizo them, and to crush the life out of them ? How have' they been able to preserve one of the finest national characters in the world, and to give to the humblest shealing a dignity nnd moral grandeur and beauty which not one of England's proudest palaces can surpass. No man can for one moment doubt that it has been the Catholic religion, the Ca tholic faith, the Catholic Church. A Protestant people under similar circumstances would have sunk to a condition but one remove from that of the brute_ creation. That it is Catholicity which has sustained the Irish in their virtues nnd noble senti ments is evident from the fact that the Irishman loses them the moment he loses his religion, or turns his back upon the old Church. The Protes tant Irish have no superiority over the Protestant English'. If, as is undeniable, the Catholic Irish are not utterly debased and degraded, and if it is due to tlin Catholic religion that they are not, how can Mr. Derby pretend that debasement and degra dation nccessarilly attend the Catholic system 1 The Jurist would have a good case, if the facts did not happen to be dead against him. As long as stands Catholic Ireland, so long he must concede that a Catholic people cannot by all the arts nnd contri vances, by all the malice and force of earth and hell, be utterly debased and degraded. Catholic Ire land, say what you will of her, stands there a living answer to the proud conceited Protestant's charge that Catholicity is unfavourable to the refinement, the improvement, the civilization of the world, and we ask no other answer to Mr. Derby's ill- considered and ill-chosen argument against our religion. Wo are far from pretending that all in Catholic state's satisfies us, and have no disposition to deny to Protestant States anything good which they can claim as their own ; but we tell Mr. Derby that if he . speaks as a Christian, the refining, oivilising effects 'of the 'Reformation he assumes exist only in his' imagination, or the exigencies of his argument. They are nowhere to be seen. In Protestant conn tries you find in the middle classes a certain rough energy, a certain barbaric pride, which talks large, and which owing to its devotion to the world com mands a certain measure of material success, not ordinarily to be met with in Catholics devoted to their religion ; but in the arts, graces, refinements, and charms of civilized life, the latter are every where in advance of the former. A careful com parison of the two will establish the fact that iu material civilization, in the purely material order, in which infidels and Christians stand on the same footing, -Protestants take the precedence, though still behind the more advanced heathen nations of antiquity; but in that higher civilization which regards the heart and soul, and demands for its attainment and maintainance the Christian virtues, temper, and spirit — the only civilization the Chris tian prizes — Catholics take the precedence, in reality stand alone. We conclude, therefore, that the Reformation, while it gives free scope to the mate rial splendor and aggrandisement of a nation, tends directly to its moral debasement and degradation, and that Catholicity, while it detaches men from the world, moderates the desire for worldly goods, and therefore in some measure checks the growth of a rank and poisonous material civilization, fosters the spiritual, ennobles the soul, purifies the affections, elevates the sentiments, and renders man a higher and a more dignified being,1 and society more simple, just, and humane, in which moral worth is held in higher honor, and the poor and unfortunate are treated with more consideration, gentleness, and affection, nay respect. We have treated this argument at greater length than its intrinsic importance demands, because it contains the only objection to Catholicity that has much practical weight with our non-Catholic coun trymen, and because we have wished to show that it is at bottom, so for as it is an argument at all, an argument against Christianity itself, and based upon principles which every one who believes iii the Gospel does and must reject. Mr. Derby does not see this, because he does not see any difficulty in serving at the same time both God and mammon, or very clearly distinguish the worship of mammon from the worship of God. Yet nothing is more cer tain, than that this devotion to the world, to the developement and advancement of material civili zation, which leads us to estimate nations and indi viduals by their wealth and worldly greatness, which treats the poor as vicious or criminal, and regards them as the curse and opprobium of a country, which even our Protestant ministers eulogize from the pul pit, the press, and the rostrum, as an evidence of our enlightenment and true wisdom, is incompatible with the spirit of the Gospel, offensive to God, and injurious to society itself. It implies a forgetfulness of God, and the nations that forget God must sooner or later experience the fate of all the great nations of pagan antiquity. The men who live for this world, in the long run, lose this world and that which is to come j and all experience proves that you can never increase a man's happiness by en larging his material possessions. One of our old New England worthies, who amassed a large estate, and was a man of note in his day, used to say that he and his wife when married were both poor, that lie told her he wished to be rich, but she told hjm that she did not wish to be rich, she only wished to be comfortable. ' I have,' he would add, 'long since had my wish, but she has not yet had hers.' He was a wiser man than Mr. Derby who said, ' If you would enrich a man, study not to increase his possessions, but to moderate his desires.' The con tented poor man is richer than he whom the world calls rich — is in fact more independent, and can do more as he likes. Our desires increase with the increase of our riches, riches bring cares and res ponsibilities which render them a snare to the bad man, and a burden to the good man. But enough of this. We must proceed in our dissection to other, though hardly graver matters. ' Again, let me recur to the origin of the Romish Church. Its basis should be the Gospel. Here we have a safe starting point. All denominations recognize the mission of our Saviour, and the authority of the Oospcls, Acts, and Epistles. Now how far do these sacred books establish the faith, doc trines, and usages of the Romish Church? First, the Church of Rome relics upon the sixteenth cltapter of St. Matthew, eighteenth verse, in which our Saviour says, ' 'i'hou =,« Prt,.r. and on this rnr.k I will build mv Church.' But we must remember that in the same chapter, verse twenty-third, our Saviour rebukes Peter in terms stronger than he used to any apostle, save Judas, who betrayed him. ssying, ' Get thee behind me, Satan, thou art an offence unto me.' And we must not forget that in the hour of trial Peter faltered, that he thrice denied our Lord, and, drnwing a sword against the wish of our Saviour, wounded a sen-ant of the higli-priest, because lie stated the truth.' — p. 11. Mr. Derby would do well to remember that Ca tholics hold that Our Lord himself founded the Church, not that men have founded it, whether on the Gospel or anything else. In the mind of the Catholic, the Church is Jesus Christ's own institu tion of the Gospel, and it is the Gospel instituted as a living kingdom, not as an abstract idea or a dead book, thai we embrace and hold to be authoritative. Out of the Church, and distinguished from her, there is no Gospel for men to appeal to, or to recog nise as authority. The Gospel is what the Church teaches and administers. The written word can be cited against her only for the pnrpose of convicting her of contradicting herself. For such a purpose you may cite againEt her, but for no other. Mr. Derby is a lawyer, and should understand this. She is the court, nnd he must dispossess her before he can make her amenable to his reading of the law. But this by the way. Where our Lord says to Peter, ' Thou art Peter, and on this Rock I will build my Church,' lie does not mean, Mr. Derby thinks, what he says, because he subsequently rebukes Peter in severer termB than he used to any other disciple save Judas. But did not our Lord know very well when he said, ' Blessed art thou, Simon, son of Jonas, nnd I say unto thee thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my Church,' that he would also have occasion very soon to say unto him, 'Go behind me, Satan?' Whence then does it follow from the rebuke that the promise so formally made was not made, or that it wns to be of none effect 1 Mr. Derby must con cede that notwithstanding the rebuke Peter remained one of the twelve, and was commissioned and sent forth as an inspired Apostle, and, it seems to me, that if his reasoning is good against the Primacy, it is equally good against the Apostleship of Peter. Peter denied his Lord thrice, nnd even cursed and swore. In that he proved himself as being unwor thy of being an Apostle even as of being the prince of Apostles. Yet our Lord did not exclude him from the Apostolic College. The learned jurist for gets that our Lord spoke of the future, and that it was not till converted that Peter was to confirm his brethren. It was possible for Peter through divine grace to repent, and I have never heard it maintained that our Lord chose Peter because he was naturally a perfect character. ' Ye have not chosen me,'.said our Lord to all his Apostles, 'but I have chosen you.' Their Apostleship stood not in human virtue, but in divine appointment, divine grace, and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. So also the Pri macy of Peter, and whatever the natural imperfec tions of Peter's character, we suppose it lay in our Lord's power to qualify him for the office to which he designated him, whether that office was the Primacy or some other. There is something hard-hearted and unchristian in our Protestant Jurist. We fear he has never learned to temper justice with mercy, and is very far from duly appreciating the infinite tenderness of our Gospel, or from sounding the depth of the riches of divine grace. He sees in our Lord's severe language only an evidence of his nnger to Peter, and concludes that our Lord could not have rebuked him without withdrawing the blessings he had pro nounced upon him; He cannot understand that our Lord may rebuke in love, and chastise without anger. He will allow no space for repentance, no scope for mercy and forgiveness. He would have been greatly scandalized had he been present when our Lord dined with the Pharisee, and had seen him permit, while he sat at table, Mary Magdalen, the woman who had been a sinner, to wash his feet with her tears and wipe them with her hair. He most likely would have called tor the police to transport her to the House of Correction. Alas! the smile of innocence can no longer light up any of our faces, but the tears of penitence may stream from the eyes of us all j and dear are these tears to our Lord, who came to call not the just, but sinners to repen tance, and who while we wore yet sinners died for us, and opens his arms and his heart to the very chicfest of sinneis, if he repents. He did not spurn the penitent Magdalen, but received her homage, bestowed on her the riches of his grace, and made her ns conspicuous for her burning charity as she had been for her disorderly love. Mr. Derby, our selves, and thousands of others, need this example of the Magdalen, this assurance thai the tears of the penitent sinner can cleanse, through grace, the soul from its pollutions, and open to us the doors of Para ? Uise, to save us from despair and to permit us to feel that, if, like her, we repent and bedew the feet of our Lord with onr tears, he will not spurn us, but enrich us with his love. It is true, our Lord reproved Peter after he had blessed him and given him the promise ; but not angrily, as if Peter had done something to forfeit his love. When our Lord said to his disciples that he 'must go to Jerusalem, and suffer many things from the ancients and the scribes, and the chief priests, and be put to death, and the third day rise again,' Peter rebuked him, and said, Lord, be it far from thee ; this shall not be unto thee. But Peter said this, no doubt, as not understanding, at that time, that Christ must needs Suffer, and from a tender love and respect to his Master. The reply of our Lord need not be taken in a harsh sense, and necessarily means no more than, Nay, Peter, in wishing these tilings not to befall me, thou savorest the things that be of men, not the things that be of God, and art opposed to me. These things must be, and instead of wishing to avert them, prepare to follow me, and suffer after my example. But be this as it may, why may it not be that our Lord chose Peter to be the prince of the Apostles, and the rock on which he would build his Church, be cause he was not free from human weakness, because he needed at times repentance and pardon, so that his- elevation should not seem to be awarded to his natural virtues, so that he should find in it no temptation against humility, and so that it should be seen that his Church does not stand in human sagacity, wisdom, strength, or virtue, but in Divine grace, and the supernatural assistance of the Holy Ghost J '- ? . Tlie Roman Catacombs; or, some Account of the Burial Places of the Early Christians in Rome. By the Rev. J. Spencer Northcote, M.A., late Scholar of Corpus Christi College, Oxford. London : Charles Dolman, 01, New Bond-street. 1SS7. A work on the Catacombs from Mr. Nortbcote is sure to be welcomed by the Catholic public. Those who remember hia interesting articles on this sub ject, published in the Rambler during 1848-9, are already aware of the claim possessed by him to speak with authority on a topic to which he has devoted so much attention, while few of the many Catholics who have visited Rome of late years can be igno rant of hia peculiar qualifications for the present task, by reason of the great advantages he has en joyed in pursuing the necessary investigations, and the devoted zeal with which he has applied himself to mastering the questions connected with these early and authentic monnments of Christianity. To pre vent any mistake, it is as well to notice that the book which we are reviewing is essentially a new work, and by no means a reprint of the author's earlier papers. Those interesting sketches served only to stimu late Mr. Northcote to undertake a complete and accurate account of the Catacombs and their con tents, to be published in a separate volume. Since that time new monnments of the utmost importance have been brought to light, and the excavations, carried on by the command of his Holiness Pope : Pius IX., are daily revealing more. Although cir cumstances have interfered to prevent the completion of Mr. Northcote's ' Magnum Opus,' the present is complete in itself, und will be found a valuable aid both to the student and tourist. Mr. Northcote's aim has been to supply the English reader with a short but trustworthy account of the leading features of the Roman Catacombs, and the English visitor in Rome with a practical guide to all that is best worth seeing in them. He has completed his task with the conscientious accuracy and unaffected sim plicity which belongs to him. The book is brief, clear, and satisfactory. The cradle of the Catholic Church is to be found in these subterranean cemeteries. Here were laid in secret and in silence the deep foundations of that mighty spiritual kingdom which swallows up all the kingdoms of the earth, and of whose dominion there is to be no end. Those who would understand the wondrous history of the Church must begin by the study of the Roman Catacombs. Here they will find corroborations of the ancient saying, that ' the blood of the Martyrs is the seed of the Church ;' and here they will also find confirmations of another truth, not less intimately associated with the vitality of the Church. The Catacombs of Rome are re markable, not only for having been the sepulchres of the early Christians, but also for having formed the hiding-places of the Roman Pontiffs. Pope after Pope lay hid within these subterranean vaults, and from his Episcopal chair under ground ruled the Church of God, and shook the power of the Cajsars. Nor, although one after another was dragged forth to martyrdom, did they finally leave this strange abode until the See of Peter had for ever supplanted the throne of the emperors. This is more than a fact — it is a principle. The Roman Pontiffs must be the supreme temporal rulers of Rome, or, will have to lie concealed from the sword of persecution in some new catacombs, or place ? of refuge. For them there is no middle course. The course of eighteen centuries shows that the providence of God from the beginning ordained that the temporal and the spiritual government of Rome should be united together in the successors of St. Peter ; and we may safely add, that what God has joined no man can put asunder. The Popes have ever been penetrated with the profound conviction of this truth j and if the powers of the earth were now to combine against them, they would only go a second time into exile and into persecution, but they would never yield for one moment an iota of the trust and the power com mitted to them by God. In the event of such a per secution, which, at present at least, is most impro bable, the history of the past would be sufficient to show with which side the victory would ultimately rest. The Church can suffer, but she cannot yield. Nero, Decius, and Diocletian were as implacable and as powerful enemies of Christianity as any that modern politics could instigate against the Church j and yet these monsters of iniquity only advanced the cause which they tried to destroy. So would it be, should any new combination of the power of evil arise against the See of Rome. The men of this world forget the words of its charter — 'Portee inferi non prtevalebunt adocrsus earn.' ' Pope Alexander I, in the beginning of the second century, took refuge in the Catacombs, but of course at that time the excavations could not have been very extensive. Nearly a hundred years later, however, about the beginning of the third century, several Popes in succession used them as a hiding place. Here remained for a while St. Callixtus, by whose name one of the largest cemeteries is still known ; in that very cemetery St. Urban baptized the husband and brother-in-law of St. Cecilia and the others who were converted by her eloquent persuasiveness j and there also took refuge St. Pontian, St. Antherus, St. Fabian, and St. Cornelius, all of whom succeeded one another without interruption in the See of Peter, from the year 198 to 252. At. this last date a bitter persecution was raging against the Church, under the order of the Emperor Valerian, who expressly forbade the Christians ' to hold assemblies in, or even to enter, those places called cemeteries.' The Popa who came next after St. Cornelius (with the exception of St. Lucius, who reigned but a few months) was St. Stephen, and, in spite of this im periul prohibition, he lived for some time in the Catacombs, and there both administered the sacra ments and held councils of his clergy, until at length, his place of retreat having been discovered, the ministers of death broke in upon him, as he was celebrating the Holy Mysteries in one of the sub terranean chapels ; nnd, after waiting till he had ended the sacrifice, as if struck with a strange reve rence, they thrust him back into his episcopal chair, and murdered him on the spot. St. Sixtus, who suc ceeded him, was also martyred in the Catacombs j and thirty years later, St. Cains (also Bishop of Rome) lay hid here for eight years, and only came out at last to join the noble army of martyrs. This was during the persecution of Diocletian, and is the last' instance of the kind on record under the heathen emperors j but even after Christianity had become the religion of the empire, Pope Liberius (a. d. 35!)) was glad to take shelter in the cemetery of St. Agnes for a year or more, until the death of the Arian emperor Constantius, and after him again St. Boniface I, in the beginning of the fifth century, re mained hidden for a time in the cemetery of St. Felicitas, during the troubles consequent on the election of the anti-Pope Eulalius. Mr. J. Collott, the late M.P. for Athlono, has left £1,000 to the Liverpool Financial Reform Association. The deceased was 'well known for his opposition to the game laws, and has bequeathed to trustees ,£5,009, the interest upon which, during seven years, is to be expended in paying the fines of offenders against the game laws. 