MEIIIOTJIIXK UVrTX BOI1OS. Bt Nimbod's Ghost. By two o'olook last Saturday afternoon, tho ? hostolry ot the worthy Bonifaco, bight Dunnot, of the Grey hound, was surrounded by suoh a muster of horsemon that it looked somewhat like tho celebrated Easter tryst in the Now Forest. A vast variety of tho oquino genus greeted tho eyes of those learnod in tho several points of goodness, soundness, and uglincBs, and cuch lightonod tho poor ignorant doalors and ohaunters at Rugby Fan'. A vast amount of uobblers were cpnsumod by way of killing time and begetting conrago, for the hounds woro a fow ininutos late, and tho tomptations of tho bar woro irrosiatiblo. Howover, by tho timo that all had two or threo rounds a-pieco, Sam camo trotting up with tho pack at his heels, and tho inaBtcr gayo in stant word to start. On looking over tho hounds it was ovidentto an oxporiencod oyo that tho work1 thoy have already done hod greatly improvod thoir condition, and the Ghost could not help thinking to himself that thoy ajipea'rod moro like going than tho majority of tho horses intended to follow thom. . ? . Tho throw-off was about a couplo of miles from St. Kilda, and as it was a fino scouting afternoon, the Hold kept vory closo in tho wake of tho inastor, bo as to got a good starts but tho writor fools it a duty to impress upon tho minds of thoso who are unused to hunting, that such oagerness is a great annoyance Whou tho hounds first pick up a drug, there should ' ho the utmost patience shown by liorsomen, ; as tho fact of their pressing forward inalces the pock wild, and givos groat trouble to master and whip.' Whon onco tho hounds havo Bottled to thoir work, it it jilonty of time to choose a lino; but that lino Bhoulcl not bo diroctly parallel witk the running, but on either flido, so that, in oaso of a chock, tho soont should not bo over ridden. On reaching an open pioco of hoath, tho maaUr trotted on a short distnnco, waved liia, cap, and in a trieo tho darlings dashed ahead and soon picked up tho traco of their, quarry. With a chedririg burst -of melody, all hoads went down, and' thoy 'rattled away at a great raco. if any of tha field, howover, galloped so close to ilieir storns that Mr. Watson had to shout and storm at tliooi to ' hold hard j' yot Btill somo persisted in ignor auco or obstinacy, and the consequence was, that tho hounds wero fairly driven over tho econt. Aftor giving » loeture, which was liighly nocessary to tho refractory onoi, ho begged somo of tho older sportsmen to keop tho juveniles in their propor place, and then lifted tbo paok about half-a-mile towards a fencod country. Hio judgment proved correot ; for, with Bcarco a whitnpor, the pack streamed away, and it required good galloping to keep near thom. For about throo miles tho dingo Boomed to havo proferrod tho opon country; bat, as tho Bound of pursuit camo noaror to him, ho tried tho pad docks for a rofuge, and a booming throo-railcr was tho limb llUJiUUiiiiUUif w luuuwjugj mill. ' .1.1110, uunutui, ,r«K- gallantly takon ; by Messrs. Watson, Swiro, James, Anslow, and a fow others; whilst another detachmont bnnglod ovor or thro«gh it. Tho roar-guard kept down tho road, and luckily thoir direction was right, as the field became united again in a milo. Tho pace was now regular. racing, and it becamo a query whothor most would soo tho finisji, unless luck gavo them a lovol country. Had a turn beon mado towards Brigh ton, such a succession of fences woidd havo been mot tia fow could havo got ovor ; but, fortunately, the oppo Bite dotour led us towards Gardiner's Creek, and tho going was good. A moderate jump over a iog fonco placed us in a fino open bush, ana wo a rattling spin of moro than two miles beforo wo came to enclosures. A ditch or two, 'tis trtio, had to bo cro63od ; but, on look ing back, tho Ghost saw hilt ono rider who had got into the mud, and ho did not look moro dirty than an ordi nary scavenger. On reaching tho crook tUoro was a littlo floundering amongst tho raw squad, but tho better iriiloil kept on tlio sido of tho hill, and flow ovor n protty practicable fonco into a grass paddock. No ?ooiior was this reached than ' Tally-ho 1' sounded ihrilly, and the warigal was seen to drop, just as tho leading hounds woro reaching him. A littlo doatroc iion to tlio nearest rails let tlio wliolo field up, nud moro ;hnn fifty horbomen surrounded tho master as ho raised ;ho inspiring, ' Wlioo-oop ! Whoo-oop 1' Tho (lingo iros a fino black ono, and showed a3 good apart as tlio nost greody huutor could desiro. Aftar n sliorfc spoil another start wjs made, and tho lack soon got on tonns with fresh gaino. It was no jhild's play oithor to keop with thoxi, for it was rapid vnd stiff jumping immodiatoly, and most of tho horsos lad had nearly onough of it. A fow of tho most deter mined tried it on, but they gradually got poundod, or n.-ulo for tho lanes, and a small half-dozen wero »11 the master had with him. The outsidoH ? i_.i e ? t'nT_ ? 1.;,- ;„ , ? ? ? i,.— 1. ? . ? )_ i~ I luccccuou ior a iibuo wuiiu in Kuupin; cuu jiuuuuh in i i neworhoaring, but from boing falsely infonned that tlio dog had been soen crossingthoDondonong road, they pulled up to await Mr. Watson. Alaa ! ho did uot corao, and they mof ully turned thoir nas3' heads homo wards to tho kennol. Shortly after reaching thcro, the master came up with tho pack from a direction littlo expected, and laughingly asked his friends what they bad been about. It seems that he, Mr, Drown, and a non-inomber of tho Hunt,'woro the only threo that re mained togetiior, and thoy followed tho varmint to tho Yarra, which he swam, and thus- saved himself. The hounds ran extromely -well and gMie, and in another fortnight it willroquirehorao-flesh in coort fetile to livo with them. T'io hiuiter3 of Messrs. .Tames, Swiro, and Anslow, carried them in good stylo, as did » grey gelding, well ridrtou by a non-member. Tho Ghost was mounted on Mr.MUlor'8 colt, brother to ' l'opgoos tiie-'Weisol,' which that gentleman lont him in hm need of a mount, and a most uromising cross-country nag ho is. As for tlw master's savourito, ' Peter,' ho bohavod a-lmirably, and thero it littlo doubt in the writer's mind that ho will do t -o co'.obratod MarquiB of AVatorford's feat to admiration, at thoRoyol Theatre, next weok; his sporting ownorhn'ving consented to uudertako it on tho occasion of tho Hunt Club's patronage. — ' Cor furtlior p»rticuiara,' n3 tho postors announco, ' see small bills.' 