*" METROPOLITAN. GOSSIP. I . - /¿rom Ôe LWenoe4 AWan. . I Anvoerw» who hat witoMied one-ond-twenty MSOBIfa, Parliament ought to ba«« arrived at j 5?«Ttion»nffloient to appraias tba twentjr-aeoor, 20 aoTraoy.. When, therefore, the writer < with whom that is the case, pronounces yesterday' tha most preposterous ceremonial of its class, it i '"snnied ho knows what's what in referenoe t kobody expected anything; yet, contrary to the of the author of "Gulliver" on that head, eve was disappointed, everything was on so muoh Lilliputian a soalo than oould have been imagined. Thumb.should have been the Jupiter of the seem if Barnum were in the background to rattle the. thunder, and throw in a little blue fire on the Iii nnioorn at the back of the. Premier, as he stood bar of the Peera .langhing .while "the »peech was read the' tableaux --would have boen io.fine keepin the óccasion. tbeproceedings, and the performers; the Oomio then laughing again t> Yes, more beartil. ever . or- rather, more - hilariously ;-a distinction very'wide difference ; for he doesn't do bis oaoohi ingenuously. Diplomatists never do ; if thoy di wouldn't- be diplomatists, who lough only in sleeve»,' however muon .they pretend to merriment,and . in,' that sort of assun Charles /Mathews- himself, father' or son; if bungler besido' our Ministerial Momus;?.: It;' very odd thing, and has been often remarked hero t that Palmerston is particularly facetious at proroge tad always in proportion to the perils looming i future., jThns, at the prorogation preceding tbe Cr: ontbreak. he . caused poor-, Dudley : Stuart, who beside him at the bar while the speeoh was. then read,r to giggle so convulsively at something or that the friend of the' Polo had to poke bis bead i bis bat,; and his hándkenüyef after that, and finally spasmodically out.of~tFo~H¿u8e lest he should igo i . horselaugh to the horror pf all beholders.- Yesti the individual with whom be kept up tho tiokling t til« was Sir Augustus Clifford, Black Rod, in : hi about as droll a looking piece of humanity as ever. cn two legs, bedizened in gilt and asure, -and stif like a Brazilian beetle with a pia tbrough.it in an - nologioal collection.. !.BuV.it wasn't at bimseli Augustus was laughing,?'. though certainly he woul ai much justified itt. BO doing os the Cheshire cat : v is said to be clways grinning at tho idea of being bo . county palatine. ."Neither was it at bira that-Pah ton was laughing ¡.for it would be'a waste of vivaoi to do-seeing that : there was ' something ten: thou times more entertaining i right! before him. - What that f ; Panmure as a lord high - commissioner, .per aloft, .'half-smothered in-a cocked bat.;the. size of enchanted.helmet in "tho Cattle of Otranto;- bis en tippet;. ; like '. a feather "bed upon, his sbouli and k'3 nether robes arranged M as graoo as those of Grimaldi....when, .tumbling . th» the ; " window .', with," '/ the', '.. curtains . . an bim in Mother Goose.'' 'Ob', that Teh could behold light I Canton would be evaouated within , an hoi the appalling, apparition-'being discerned in tho of and half the, mandarins would shake the whole of I beads off in wonderment at,tbe kind of. creature', bad come amongst them. A minister of war wit vengeance :-truly the right'man ¡ri tho right placo ; so enemy oonld keep their countenance in looking p blank at bim.' < Pan, thus attired,' would put to flight number of dragons, Celestial or the opposite and i would only start for tbe Bocoa Tigris to- morrow,-' that costume, Elgin, thus reinforced, would take Pi itself by a 'coup de main, or rather coup dé Dowb, ? so enable Bowring to ride in triumph about the flo« land on a peacock, which Graham says is our poly plenipotentiary's particular hobby. Before tba commissioners took their seats there v several peers present : immediately after that they 1 Haman nature could not sustain hereditary digi nader snob a trial. Not even Redesdale,''who is very Wandering Jew, or groom in perpetual waiting the Upper Chamber, and has no more notion of a j than Lord Shaftesbury or a Manchester editor, wo risk the-all-risible ordeal. Accordingly ho vanis behind the throne; in'those everlasting higb-Iow.sh and eternal lilac vest of his which prompt so "mi country gentlemen to offer him sixpenoe when ask their "way about . the House from the no obairmari of committees, whom they take for a foo tn out of livery, and as a footman in livery sometimes too. Two peers alono hold out. Lord Foley, bel captain of the Yeoman Guard, deemed it infra-dig. retreat, and, by vigorously biting tho nails of one he and rubbing his nose with the.'other, mitigated 1 tittering. Seaondly, the Bishop of Ripon, who; luoki having oiiginally been a surgeon (a Liverpool Bick steth), and accustomed to contemplate his fell creatures in ali sorts of aspeots, wasn't to bo discc certed by the sight of the most outré beaver. T spiritual peer, however, had much sorer temptation th the temporal ; for one of the commissioners was t Ârohbisbop of Canterbury, who looked, if possible, mc lndicrons than Panmure. His most reverend 'bat vi exactly like the layman's head-piece turned up sido do« and his habiliments of alight shiny Paul Taglioni te- tare ; and these altogether gave him a sort of' per grandiose air of mock solemnity' perfectly overpower! to an ordinary spootator, and roust have been doubly when seen from a professional or prelatical point view. His Grace did duty for another Grace, the Du of Argyle, who will be at any time hoppy to ploy Aro bishop of Canterbury in return. Panmure perform for.Stanley of Alderley; arid as an infallible speoiflo f hypochondria, it is tobe boped the grotesque-lookii Dowb will never yield that place, at all events. Ha rowby, as a commissioner, we have described former! is also the other one, Granville ; while-of the ohii ("hanworth, nothing need be said, foi nothing ' would I worth saying. ' '. " It is not these airoumstanoes, however, that irapressi distinctive peculiarity on yesterday's prorogation. It w the doings, or rather no-doing's, in the Commons, ar tho nobodies there. Une might supposo that an empi being in convulsions, if not with tho rattle in its throe would summon state doctors of every degree to learn tl remedy proposed by the accredited physicians. By z means. The old formula, what's everybody's buBinei is nobody's business, seemed to be the accepted canor and, accordingly, all kept away, except ' the Troasui runners, who flocked in in considerable numbers, lit ono o'olook, whioh happened to be the hour of meetin; Being also the hour of prayer, the Premier, disbolievin in original sin, didn't see the neoessity for assisting i tbat obaervaneo, and therefore didn't oome in till aftei wards. When ho did oome á most beggarly aacount t empty bencbos met his view ; but, in that emptiness, fa recognized the fulness of his own puissance, à la Robin son Crusuo ; " monarch of all ho surveyed, his rigb there was none to dispute ;-from the table all roun to the chair, he lorded o'er every vote." N man who dared to call bia soul his own wa on the ao-oalled opposition. No Stanley; n Bulwer, no Walpole, no Pakington ; not a muoh as a Henley, nor a Manners ; nay, not even Spooner, a W.B., or a "good and safe man" wbatevei whose name was ever heard, or deserves tb be men tioned now. The solitary shining light of Conservatism tho banner-bearer of the Barons.of Runnymede, th oriflama of tho territorial aristocracy was-ob, patho unutterable I Tittlebat Titmouse, Sam Warren. When was Benjamin t Why where should he be, but at Hug hondón Manor, musing on the Asian mystery among ol< Isaao's patrimonial palms, whioh " recall our holj ancestry," as he told his Palestine papa in the Youni Duke. From palms in those days to Palraerstonism ii these, the transition bas been progressive. Palman qu mcruit ferat, from the lips of the divining viscount, o coursein a signifioantaside, inaudible to all other ears, tes tifies to that skill in palmistry whioh enabled tba younj gipsy in '34 to read the fine Roman hand of Civil Romanus, and play his oards accordingly, soon to turn up trumps now, as per clauso in the mutual admiration »nd joint-stook understanding contract between the braco of innooontB. Well, had the zíngaro playod with equal boldness, and only half the dexterity for more reputable stakes, he would now be in a oondition tc swoop the board, cogged . dice, and all the rest ol it to the oontrary notwithstanding. Had ho only spoken now in the old ' familiar Aylesbury Town ball, and spoken in the honest spirit of his maiden addross thore five and twenty years ago, suoh a spoooh »s Layard's in tho same placo ón'Thursday last, what might ho not dost this minute ? Bat tho "star" of his " sacred and romantlo rape'" forbade. " It is writ fen," as hlB fatalosque friend of Ham'Tnot Bon of Noah, out of Count Flahault,-" says; and you loan no moro wash a blackamoor white now than in tho days of that lara who was fourth son of Noah, and forofathor of all Ethiopian sorenadors. Turning our book on tbe Hebrow, or rather on what mould bo his whereabouts in the House, and looking to the rearward adjoining benohes, what do wo find? Tho Joublo of what is opposite. In vain tbe aooustomod oyo Dr oouto pbsorvor sought for familiar faoo of woll known member. None was there ; not one. «. Total eclipse ; no sun, no moon, no stars, all dark;"-nonentities «zing upon nothing, on sham, whioh was considerably less ; voila tout. No Lord John, no Gladstone, no Rio puok, no on« who by tho most extravagant flight of par iamentary licanso could bo supposod oapablo of saying (hst blaok woBn't white ir Haytor told him to soy that jrhtto was blaok. Yet, stop ; thero was ono little' white neatlod old man, whoso hair was hlanohod among the Wacks in Sierra Leone fifty years ago, and whoso hpart J ia freab now aa torn bonatt, faerie*!. Uranie, and Me;-i" tender and trna" aa any Douglas of tba& Minstrel*/. Who ia tba prodigy 1 - Perronet Thom astat Iii a thorough 74. be'ia wherever broad bara to be poured ioto, humbug; not, very parii whether friend or foe receive hil fire, th reiembling Moore's Hiss Lesbia, whose optics doa discriminate des tr act iori. The General is always, particular in' being at his post; and if by any chane door was to be closed whilea division was going ot would be certain to get down the ventilator, like the Jones. This he could readily do ; for he .waa'oi midshipman, and'is sb, proficient in mathematics the acutest of Wangled angles in the most intrioa chimney,'pots yoúld,'be* no obstacle to his tu'rni corner. Of course;tho .gallant '.veteran was to tue on this occasion j 'arid ' was ' worth quadruple any ( four present, one friend only . excepted, and a yer. rharkable friend' that vii, oonsjcUringJiislocale ;-i waa a Quaker, wedgolTin between Woodlin brie, side, '' Mr. ' Smith 'bf.' Oandriírow,": ns ' the- late membe Nineveh calls yellow-gloved Vernon, on the .other Quaker on the Treasury bench I-impossible, yoi claim. It is a foot for alli thatr Who was it? Gi .Cowper's John ? - No, he can't' abide- the Cowpers ; why he went to. sit alongside :of, the- right' honout William now, it is difficult to imagine, unless be b cracked as his namesake of tho immortal, harum-scai wjgleKS ride through'Brentford. However, there sa! .member for Northampton as-sure'as a gun, if one c,<V'P.'y 80 belligerent av-flgure of speech to a p sooiety. M.P.. .filling all who' saw him with amazon .and especially fascinating the person who bears the < 'tolerably well-known ríame of Daniel O'Connell. ' ...?What this young gentleman does with himself not knows, though a'great 'many people' want to knot pieca of curiosity whioh springs of being, the irim'g cant son bf o ' mighty sire. ; JTo'judge frdm' "exterr his industry seems to bo expended,-in bédevellin'g* I self into a fao-simile bf Victor Emanuel;''King' of So nia, and he has considerably,succeeded ip^Jhe matte ?moustache, principal "feature*in th*i,~Piedraontesu po tate's phisîog'no'my. ?'The gallant'militiaman's can 'coloured moustache, now'descends, in roost bierogly cal festoons', to the second button-hole 'of his goldi! waistcoat, and the king's'only goes'to' the third, not the monarch, but the Militian, always looks ag i had ju«t left the hands" of Truefit, hairdresser, Burl ton-aroadc, and was on his way td''Moses and'Soris / the Minorios, to be placed in that emporium of the i arts, like any other wax figure, and labelled " This i gant gent's suit entire, including gloves, XS'10s. I Shade of - ' Mullaghraast, is y our final refle'otii Harp 'of Tura, is this' your last string'? W if his' , late' 'Majesty, Malachi, were to' ' cc to life again, and recover his historió collar gold,'the "first use' fae would make'of it would bé garotte-this residuary legatee of the emerald gem'i of -tho verdant traditions thereunto pertaining, wonder immortality should be going ont of fashion wi such are its inheritors. Daniel O'Connell, and en the dapper; little member for Tralee I' In the narrie the prophet, figs indeed.' What Pari i arri en tory merool does not tho faintest reminiscence of the Titanest tribune evoke? He was the only man in London ? Londoners ever'turned to look at, save Wellington ;' s it was hard to say whether tho following of the'F.M. of the agitator wera the longer in tho street. In; House the whole tribe of Tadpoles and Tapers, minist in eue kadpoite, dwarfed into pigmies rjesido the Ir giant; and he strode through tho lobby liko Colos's member for Rhodos, only the latter brass-visagpd dividual didn't usually carry a cotton umbrella, a never wore a broad-brimmed bat. And that this shot be tbe final tip of the tail whose whisks so oft upset t British lion, that this tihould be the ültimús Romanoru that the last of .the boiling potatoes, instead of .flguri in tbe native jacket, should be served up in coolen trimmings,' is a spectacle' that might tura a milesto into a" lachrymatory, arid 'put thoughts of a pock, handkerchief into the head of Babbage's calculati: machine, or into that of Babbage himself, who is a go deal! harder headed bf the' two.' However,. yow Dan's oyo is just osgood as the old one's to tho brotht in-law nod successor of bim for whom the Liobfiel houso compact was concocted; and' hal tho merit being not in tho least inconvenient, as the smulle .crumb from tbe Ministerial'table will satisfy tho so whereas the father would help himself to the whole lbi and his entertainers might deem themselves happy if 1 ¡allowed them an occasional nibble at the crust. When'the Commons .returned from the Lords, Pi raerston was accompanied along the passage in clo: confab by Ross Donnelly Mangles, of the Jud ia-bous out,of 'whom' it was' impossible to. extract a laugb*, fi reasons it requires no conjuror to conjecture. His pr sence was so contagious of gravity that even the Ministi looked serious, but speedily' recovered his customs! beooming jooundity when his valet" de place, Speaki Denison, began tho speeoh according to the Hamil prescription, " trippingly on tho tongue," albeit'I " mouthed it as many of our players do," ;so that tl author must as lief tho town crier Ind spoken the lines, The faot is, Denison has made a most,wretched Speak' in every respeat. ' Such mumbling and'muttering, stu teri n g and stammering, ineertitude, 'precipitation, pri crastination, forcible feebleness and feeble force, hov not boen witnessed since tbs invention of such functior aries. Seemingly conscious bf the truth himself, he'ha looked correspondingly uncomfortable, much. t the enjoyment of , his competitor for. .the obaii philanthropist Baines, who is . blooming lik the Friar of Rubygill in consequence. Yestei day apparently offered an opportunity, for amendin j Denison's position. . Cranworthi hod, read , tho spee'e j with emphasis' and. good discretion. It. was in larg j type, short sentences, and ,'oh white .paper. There'wa plenty of daylight, a respectful audience, and. no noisi Here was.a chance for an ovation in the orerotundo lint in tho manner of Manoora Sutton, or at least of Lofavrt And how did%he avail of it? Why'like a' big school bo . reciting,".'My voice is still for war :-Gods, can a Romai Senate long debate, which of the two to choose, slaver, or death?"-or "So stood Eliza on, the wood-crowne height," br any other elocutionary exercitation in Enfiel -ominous name just now. Blank was the discharge c the right honourable rifle, and -blank the visages of al round. Rigid as a .ramrod, when the perçus sionary performance ceased, stood he up in hi place. Palmerston advanced like a sentry relieving guard; and'with a look as much as to say " what a sub limated noodlejyou have made^of yourself,- to be sure! shook bands. The rank and file were drawn up in thi usual array, either side tbe table, ready to present aims according to the' immemorial, routine in such, cases Warren simpered out his sickliest smile of blandes imbecility, in . anticipation o' doing the valedictory honours on behalf of the Opposition ; while, OB tbe Yel low Flush of rodtape, Wilson brushed bis hat with at enthusiasm that should bave .furnished- a text foi a sermon. against extravagance in to-day's Econ- omist. ? But to no purpose all -thoso polite preliminaries'... Denison, dismayed, like the me taphysicnl young lady - ia Collins' hysterical com- position, " even at the sound herself hod made," cast a furtive and fugacious look on the floor, another at the ceiling, a third at his Tiverton master, and forthwith "absconded," as Mr. John Reynolds, late member foi Donnybrook, observed on a somewhat similar oocasion in a recent Parliament. If senatorial physiognomies were blank before, at tho previous Denison demonstration, what do you supposa they must have been now, at this annihilating fiasoo ? Why, had tho.maco flew out of the roof, or the ghost of Cromwell sprung from the floor, and ordered tho re- moval of "that bauble," together with the'Lord Harry Vane, [whom we oould quite as well spare for a pear as Robert, Grosvonor, now Baron Ebury,] astonishment oould not bo greater.- The Sergeant-at-Arms nearly in balod the bottom out of his snuff-box ere he reaovared himself. Minutes elapsed before the subordinate assistants coutd believe business was out short in this unconstitutional style, in f iee of all traditions of the geniut loci sinco tho first stone of St. Stephen's Chapel was laid, or at all ' events since the timo of tho first Speaker, Peter de Montfort,, killed at Evesham, whore ho gave several decisions of great impressiveness, knock- ing tho brains out of members who objeotod to his ruling;-a much more compendious process than tho present boring. But then AI.P.'s qarried - their own heads on their own shoulders; whereas .now the premier rolieves them . from- that inaonvenionae; And vary grateful they aro, - as tho Denison hand. «hoking episode ..shows, and as' is shown hy every Parliamentary inoident of thia first year of this ministerial millennium 1867:-tho'y ear that Britannia wishes she may get her Roform Bill settled by tho War Secretary of Poteriooi and that that other importunate female, Mrs. Soaaole;' wishes that she may get hor long promised Iittlo account 'discharged by the gentleman.- who was to have tho Government eleoloral draft discounted on-, favourable torras by the Treasury constituencies, Cóppoolt, to wit. - . Wit indeod; for. whore is suoh waggery as thoso strokes of humour, of bis, wboreby, in a modo, the Wizard of tho North, must envy as unapproachable chef d'mivrtt of legerdemain, ho- makes out that tho Surroy Gardens hayo.},been oonvertod into a field of supor Californian nuggets by his ruination directorship? Surely the Georgium SiduB rulos our planet, and Hud- son must have a statuo at last. What fruits is not lils Waddlngtonian .tuition of''17, in' the reohcrohi art,of cooking aooounts, boaring in 'Ö7I The test of tho morit of an inven tión was ten years in tho time of the Romane, tboso remarkably slow ooapbos whoso ' ohoriots oolildn't w> ii.'.s' -,.'.,. ; .. r :. do-tarea milt« an booroo tbtireboieMt tarapikf, the Appia Via; vbtrea* flow a railroad will roo a abare* boldtf from afflaenee to «math without bil conscious ne»», of notion. To whom ia, the aga; to indebted a» ¡to j the member, foru Sunderland ,for. thia duplex .axillary to celerity, thia anti- friction axle patent, ueirly equal to the discovery of the greased cartridges r By all mean« then be the list reopened for the Hudson Testi. monia!. Too long haB that deservod offering - been delayed, ^but now the season is apropos, and the experiment would be quite o la mode. Look ot the Clive statue agitation!" A hundred years rolls .by since, according to Mr. Macaulay, now Baron Macau- lay [barron, indeed !],! Plassey gave India to England ; and the victor is allowed to sleep in a village church- yard, forgotten as any,subterranean gentleman at Stone- henge. India begin's to tumble to pieces in our hands ; and lo ! ' one Hogg rushes dp' from Leadenhall.street ' to Willis's Booms, and' begs-that- a few sheepskin squires there assembled, will¿beLgopd enough, to aooopt £600 from;.tho. H.E.I.C., put as much more tb, it as they can, .and gbt'ùp a Clive statue as' quick as possible. Let us hope the likeness will be a: faithful one'bf Dalhousie, who undid the'bundred years' work in'-half as many months'; and i then justice .will bo; fully vindicated-in Ibo"matter, of, blindness,, at, any.rate.,- Charles Napier has been dead four years this doy, ' 'During "three and threc-qtiartors ho has been'gabbi ed about by'the wise-, aoros of-tho newspapers as though he: were the', com- pletest' ninny. . Now tbeiScions., discover, he iwas a Minervaio owl of omniscience;, and as .it is,.too late, to profit by his wisdom, whioh would have been inestimable itt'the time, a souvenir of 'his sagabity'will 'also' be a' ?memorial'-ofbur own idiotoy. Therefore','as the most praotical nation of the world, wo;shou!d get up a monu- ment forthwith, for the double.purpose described.. This will save a second subscription, and thus kill two'birds with the same stone-one being thé British goose.' ' ' 