1 AG III C U r.T URAL SOC1KTIF.S. *Tnr.nE is no more honourable occupation than that of those engaged in nGficnlturi;. It litis been viewed in this light botli by tlu: ancients and moderns. The farmer leads a manly, indepen dent, nnd useful life. On him are dependant all ?the other classes of society, while he, in a mea sure, is indented to himsell alone lor most ol the necessaries, and many of the luxuries, of life. We can dispense with almost any one but the farmer. In whatever light wc look -upon his labours, they command our admiration. Health, that 'snuffs the morning air,'. and rosy cheerful ness and contented ease, go to make up the sum of his enviable life. If ho has his cares, they are not of that cankering kind' which usually fall to -the lot of other men. The glorious privilege of a constant companionship with nature, is more than equivalent for aught of labour or inconveni ence that he has to endure. The birds carrollin' in the dewy morning surely make for him bettor vnusic than the artificial strains ol a crowded and heated- concert-room, aiid the new-mown hay has for'him a fresher and healthier fragrance than all the Arabian odours which perfume the theatre or the ball-room. If the dignity and importance of liis calling be considered, he has a right to walk the most erect of any of God's creatures. If iigrieulture is in ? flourishing state, trade and commerce prosper ; if it is not, they decline. This is so obvious a truth that it does not need any demonstration. The development of its ag ricultural resources, therefore, should be the first consideration and duty of a state. Among all the countries of Europe, 'England stands pre-eminent for the advances which it has made in agricultural science. 'To agriculture, England is indebted for her unexampled and continued prosperity. The Anglo-Saxon people are the best cultivators of the soil in the world. Agriculture seems to be peculiarly the occupation most in accordance with their tastes. Among no other race can wc find the type of the thorough English farmer — with his sturdy manliness, hearty good nature, .and unconquerable love of freedom. Even the very rural sports of England are those v. hiah are peculiar to the country, mid have earned . her the title of ' Merry 'England' — at the happy ass relations connected with which name, the heart of every Englishman thrills, from the tropics to the poles. From the plough have come many of the noblest names that dcck the proud annals ot our country's history. Hampden and Pym were English farmers. The two most illustrious ex amples of disinterested patriotism that ancient or modern times have produced, have been what in our days would be called ' country gentlemen*' — we .mean Cincinnatus and Washington. ' Fr.-.m the |.lo»gli ?Rose lior dictators — f'otiiiht, o'crcome, returned — Yes, to tlio plough returned.' The delights of an agricultural life must he very great which can thus induce -men- to scorn the promptings of ambition, and to forsake the ex citement of the forum for the quietness of the j '-furrowed field.' A nation in which there is a large and flourishing .agricultural population will he more stable, and less liable to revolution and anarchy than others. Men do not like to leave dear old country nooks and' their paternal hearths for the fields of ' faction, fame, and blood.' There are no ties so dear as those which' hind one to the spot which his forefathers have ciiltivatecMor ages. Ti:c seven eluiR, tlie poplars four, That Ktaml beside liis father's door — call upon him to remain in the old ancestral hall — the roses climbing round the rustic porch speak to him of boyish joys and hopes — the very breeze that- sighs through' the old yew' tree, in melancholy ?whispers entreats him to stay. From such feel ings as these, encouraged as they have been by the rural occupations of her peasantry, has it happened that England has been proof to - the political storms which have shaken almost every! other state in Europe. Agricultural pursuits are i the best correctives of nn unhealthy and culpable ! ambition. Thus much being premised, it will readily be i . acknowledged that one of the first duties of the r State is the promotion of agriculture — that, in | |, i fact, it is neither safe nor -politic to neglect, for -:ver so short a period, the earnest consideration of the riibject. Not that the prosperity of agri culture can be ensured by the efforts ofthe State i alone, the people themselves must also put (heir Khoulden to the wheel. The Government may do much in the -way of encouragement, but the ? practical benefits to be derived from agriculture j must mainly depend on the exertions of those -engaged in it. How then cim the .agricultural interests he best promoted-? We answer, by the ' ; 'formation of Agricultural Societies. The Go vernment can effectually aid thesfc societies by I, contributing annually a certain number of pri^je I .medals, in addition to those awarded by the sj eieties themselves. There eouhl bu no objection to this moile of spending a comparatively insig nificant portion of the revenue. The amount required would be small, and the benefits derived from its expenditure incalculable. We want a healthy stimulus to develone our agricul tural resources. Emulation would tell favourably on the interests of agriculture as on everything else. If the efforts which have b-en so p(rse veringly made to promote wine-growing and other pursuits had been applied to agriculture, the re sults would have been more beneficial and ap parent. We have no desire to disparage or dis coitrge those efforts, but we do think that wc should have made use of that which was to our hands, before we had attempted the introduction of what was new-fangled and difficult of accom plishment. It is doubtless a highly poetical state of society, wherein every man is able to sit under his own vine and under liis own fig tree — but give us the cheerful country hearth, the ghost stories, and the romping games of Christmas and All-Hallow Eve. Grappa and peaches are all very well in their way, but they fade into insig nificance before the blushing glories of ' eggs and bacon.' The vintage feast of the 'Fatherland' is an interesting and beautiful custom, but we should be sorry, nevertheless, to dispense with | tlu; pleasures and the dearly-loved associations of an English 'Harvest Home.' We still .pre fer cider and "home-brewed'' to champagne, and sherry, and would not give up roast beef and plum-pudding for all the peach- pies and grape tarts in the world. On such our English ances tors became the wonder and admiration of the world—on suuli wu nliwuld winli to raise the stal wart limbs, strong nerves, and vigorous minds of thoir descendants in this virgin land. That an improvement in the farming system of this country is much nerded, no one will deny. Our mode of farming is the most slovenly and unproductive. We obtain the smallest possible crops at the greatest possible expense to the soil. The process of exhaustion without any thing to compensate for it, is continually going on. Of the science of agriculture, we arc profoundly ignorant. Everything is left to Nature, — nothing is provided for by skill or forethought. This may do very well while land is superabun dant, and our virgin soils are yet in their prime, but the process must be ultimately ruinous to our cultivation lands. We must, sooner or later, come to adopt the English system of farming, in alternating the crops and manuring the land. ' In an economical point of view even, it would ? he better to adopt this system at once, as with a comparatively less increase in the cost -of labour, the production of our farms wotild be increased tenfold. Notwithstanding the high prices of agricultural produce, ('drilling with us does not generally pay, and ihis is plainly owing to the poorness of our crops. If by an improvement in our mode of farming the crops were- increased I threefold at even double the present cost of pro ducing them, there would' still be a clear gain to the farmer and a clear benefit to the country. It is preposterous, that with a soil and climate so well adapted to the growth of wheat, we should still have to import the greater portion of tho flour which wo use. The improvements so much needed would, as wc have said, be best obtained by the establish ment throughout the colony, of agricultural soci eties, having a connection, and keeping up a regular correspondence with a central socicty in Sydney — the present Horticultural and Agricul tural Society for instance. The objects '-which such societies ought to have in view are manifest, their detail lisre is therefore unnecessary. The introduction of improved farming machinery] stich as that used in America and England, should be a principal object with each society. In this respect, we believe that, if it were encouraged, there is sufficient native and imported talent in the country to be turned to good account. The application of an effective system of drain age, rendered so palpably necessary by the late disastrous floods, would also demand speedy and serious consideration. Our agriculturists sustain more losses from floods alone, than from blights and all other disasters to which' their Crops are liable. A system of irrigation and drainage might he adapted at the same time, both being equally necessary from the peculiar climate of this country—one while long droughts, and at another, frequent floods. It will also become imperative on us, as the population of the country becomes dense and concentrated, to provide for its sanitary condition by having an abundant supply of pure water. From the insignificance of our streams and rivulets, and the almost impossibility; of obtaining wholesome water from wells, this will hare to be provided for by artificial means — such dams and works of a like nature. 'In works of this kind, the Government will very properly take a large share—as societies, although they may forward them effectually, will for-.the most part be '-mcqual. to the task of constructing them. It is undeniable that, in the mother country, Agricultural Societies have contributed, in no slight degree, to the advancement of agriculture. There the. peer and the peasant meet for the dis cussion and. the elucidation of the same beneficial objects. Assemblies of this kind are useful, not only in a physical, but a social point of view. When we hear of such men as Prince Albert, Lord Stanley, SirBulwer Lytton, and others attending agricultural meetings anddinners, we may be sure that they are fully aware of the benefits which such meetings and dinners confer on the com munity at large. It is only by a union of action, and a common feeling of mutual aid and depen dence, that wc can arrive at any great good — no one is of himself sufficient to advance materially our moral and material welfare. These social I re-unions,- therefore, for the promotion of science and good-fellowship are worthy of all the aid and encouragement within our power. It. is only by such intercourse, for noble .and unselfish purposes, that-wc can see our fellowmen in a true light, and learn how blight in reality are the differences which separate us from our neighbours. We should have fewer enemies, if we knew cacli other better. We rejoice to see that in the southern- siile of the country Agricultural Societies are springing' up rapidly, and flourishing as they ought to do., Illawarra has two already, which are even now producing- a perceptible effect on the agricultural prosperity Of that district. Their meetings and shows appear to excits universal interest, and pass off with great eclat. .Penrith and Windsor have also, we believe, one each, as well as one or two other towns in the Western and Southern dis tricts. Surely, then, we on the Hunter ought riot to be' behind our fullow-iColouisLs in a matter which concerns , us so much. It would be a dis grace to us if this district, which claims to be the garden of New South Wales, and which is in -truth the richest and most productive portion of it, were not to Ijave one or more Agricultural So eieties-. Some years ago there- was an institution of this kind, but partly in consequence of the de pression of the times, and partly through the unruly and quarrelsome conduct of some of its members, it tell to. the ground. In the event of one being established now, however, wc antici pate no such rijsult. Our district is in a most nourishing state, and we have an abundance of materiel wherewith to form a thoroughly useful aud practical association, Our country gentlemen require something to dispel the monotony of their existence. II ere there is no fox-hunting nor other good old English sports wherein their leisure lime can be pleasantly spent. Books too are not easily procurable, anil the .danger is. that those living in the country may merely vni/nWe instead of existing with profit to themselves aud advan tage to others. Horticultural and agricultural shown and prizes would, therefore, afford them a stimulus to healthful and useful occupation and amusement, and supply a social want that is now severely felt. We believe that the hint has hut to be thrown out in order to be adopted, and that we shall speedily have the satisfaction of set ing established a new, more lasting, aud more prosperous Hunter River Agricultural Society. 