MK. THACKERAY ON .' THE FOUR GEORGES.' {From thc Leed» Mercury, February 21.) ': j On Tuesday evening last, Mri Thackeray doliven before the members,of tho Leeds Mechanics' Institut! and Literary Society, one of his course of four lecture entitled " The Four Georges, and Court and Town Ma ners during their Reigns." The lecture was given the Music-hall, Albion-street, whioh was' dense crowded in overy part by a highly respectable auditoi This lecture, as wo novo already .stated, was to'have bei Ielivei'od on Thursday last, but was postponed in cons pionco of the sudden illness of Mr. Thackeray, tfalifax., , The committee of the Leeds ; Mechanic institution had engaged him for two lectures; but, mnsoquenoe of the disarrangement consequent upc tis indisposition, the sooond lecture is postpone indefinitely. At the. present moment, we believe, M L'hnokeray is fully engaged for four months ; so that tl ' Fourth George" is not likely to appear,on the Loei Mechanics' Institution stage for, soma months to oom Che subject of Tuesday evening's leoture ' was tl .'Third George," who was limned with a .mastei hand. Tho chair was taken by the Prosident of the Institi tion (James Kitson, Esq.); and among the gentlemc upon the platform we ? observed-W. B. Denison, Esc Rev. G. W. Conder, E, Baines, Esq., C. G. Made», Esr] J. D. Luccook, Esq., H. Oxley, Esq., P. O'Callaghai Esq., H. Richardson, Esq., the honorary secretaries au committee of the institution, ecol «... ? :?; . .?<: >.. James Kitson, Esq., briefly introduced the leoture who was very loudly oheered on rising.'? . . Mr. THACKERAY said he had to glance over sixty yeal in as many minutes; ond if ho wero to reoount tl events and namo the' men whd figured in tbat-perioc they would'have all text and no sermoD. During thi long period, England lind to- undergo the revolt of th American'colonies; to submit to defeat; to shakeunde the volcano of, the French revolution ; to grapple an light for, tho..lifo with ,her gigantic, enemy, Napoleon to gasp , nnd rally after thnt tremendous struggle ; th old ; society,,, with its courtly splendours,, had topas away ; generations bf statesmen to arise and disappear Pitt to follow Chatham io tho'tomb ; tho memory o llodnoy nnd Wotto, to bo superseded by Nelson nm Wellington's glory; tho old pools .who unite us t Queen. Anne's time to sink into their graves ; Johns'ot to d i iv and Scott and Byron to arise; Garriok to deligh the word with his dazzling dramatic genius ; Kenn ti loop on.the stage, nod take.possession pf tho astonishei theatre ; steam had to bo invonted ; kings to be beheaded banished,.deposed, restored; Napoleon, to bo but at episode ; and George TH., was to be alive through ni those varied changes, to acoompany his people throng! all thoso. revolutions, of thought, government, sooioty and survivo, out of, the old world into ours. When thi lecturer.first saw England, she.was in mourning for thi young Princess Charlotte-tho.hopo of the empire. Hi came from -India os a child, and the ship, touohoi a nn island on the way home, .whore his black servan took him a walk.over: rocks aud hills till the; passed a gardon where a man was walking. " That'i he," . said the block man, " that ia Bonaparte ; he eati three shoep overy day nnd nil the little children upoi whom ho can lay his hands." (Laughter.) ;Bu there were people in tho British dominions beside! that poor Calcutta serving-man who, had an equa terror and horror of tho Corsican ogre. . Ho .romem bored pooping through the palisades of Cárlton-kouse, and Rooing tho residenco of the Prince Regent. Bu that palace now existed no more than the palace.o Nebuchadnezzar; tho sentries had! disappeared,, tin tall Guards bad marchad into darkness, and tho edit of their tread must bo listened for in Hades. Glanoin{ rapidly at the ohanges whioh bnd taken placo in tlx vicinity of tho late Palace, he said that in the house 71), Pall-mall, now occupied.by tho Society for the Propagation, of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, formerly resided Mistress Eleanor Gwynne, comedian. In thc published lettors to George Selwyn was a mass ol correspondence from which was to bo derived the fullest nnd most intimate acquaintance with the mannen of tho time of George III. Tho lettors. had not the affectation of AValpole's ; they woro not so terrible in their revelations ns Hervey's Memoirs ; they were more natural than "Horaao's dandified treble, or Sporus's malignant whisper;" they wero by many hands, and described tho inner lifo of tho time, with more truth, sometimes, than dolicaoy. 'Wo could not now fancy to ourselves the " flue gentleman" represented in them, because tho raco was almost removed from tho faoo pf the earth, like the beaver or tho rod Indian ; and wo could not havo the " fino gentlemen" pictured in them, Kooauso wo could not have tho society in whioh thoy lived. Peoplo would not now oboy ns they onao obeyed, and parásitos would not bo so obsequious as they wove formorly. Thero were not now ohildron who stood in reverential awo of their paronts, who went down on their laicos to bog their blessing; servants who said "Your honour," and " Your worship," at overy moment ; tradesmon who stood hat in hand to salute the gentlemen wlion passing ; authors who waited in the lobby, with n fulsomo dedication in tboir pookots, in the hope of roooiving fivo guineas from his lordship ; or chaplains who said grace and retired with tba pudding;-os in the dtvys when thero' woro ",flno gontlomen.". Wo could not now funoy Mr. Seoretary Pit I'd under-Bcaratary not daring to stand in tho presence of his superior: or tho samo Mr. Pitt, as Earl of Chatham, on bis gouty knees before tho King, while .transacting business with him, and bursting with rdverontial nwo and gratitudo because his Mujosty deigned to bo kind. Yet snob was tho oaso in Goorgo III.'s time, so awful was the idea of tho monarchy. Fancy Lord Jahn Bussell or Lord Palmerston on their knees whilst their sovereign waa roadlng n dispatch, or beginning to cry booattso Priueo Albert unid something oivil. In these lettors to Selwyn wo saw Charles Fox cursing ovor tho cards ; Lord Marah oalling out tho latost odds at Newmarket; wo could imagine Burgoyne gaily tripping off from St. Jamos's to oonquor America, nod afterwards snoalcing into tha'olub some- what nbnshcd and orast-fallon aftbrhls boating; and tho young king thrusting himself into the drawing-room and nskington thousand quoationa about othor pooplo's busi- ness. Mr, Thookoray, skotohod the portrait of Dr. Wnrnor, a worthy olorpymnn who told us he did not boliovo in his religion, but thnuked Heaven ho wan not so big a roguo ns a lawyor-(a protegí of tho old Duke af Quoensborryl-who tnlkutl of having hod a hnrd-day's christening, and than went homo to whist and supper-a boisterous, uproarious parásito, who roveiled in tho thoughts of ox.ohoek and Burgundy-who llokod his master's shoes, and protostod ho liked tho 'blacking almost na woll ns tho olnrot in old Queoiisborry's cellar ; who had Rabelais and Hornoo at his finger's onds ; but who wa« good-honrlod withal, nnd obtained oonstdornblo popularity by his ploasing Bannons nnd oaBy stylo of delivery. Tue oommonoomont of this reign was tho most diSBoluto our country ovor know-tho orlmo, and lovlty, nnd extravagance woro such na wero never exceeded, oven in Charles I L's time. Goorgo I L's bad morals boro their fruit in Georgo III.'s early yonrs ; and a kuowlodgoof George ILTVs good oxamnlo, his moderation, his frugal simplicity, his purity, and his God-fearing life, tended infinitely to iroprovo the morals of tho country , and purify tho whole nation, (Applause.) After War. ¡nor, the most interesting character in Selwyn'» corre», pondonoo was Lord Carlisle (grandfather of tho amiable nobloman who is tho present Viooroy of Ireland), and who was himself formerly viceroy of that Kingdom. Ho was commissioned to taite stopB for pacifying tho lnhabi tanta of our North American colonies, and win their offootions over to Great Britain. His despntohos were inserted in the Boyal Ncm York Gazette; hut the mission, proving unsuccessful, bis Lordship returned, and vory soon afterwards the Royal New Yorl: Gazette was discontinued. This good, clover, highly-bred Lord Carlisle was nearly ruined by tho awful debauobory and thoughtless extravagance that prevailed among tho society of those days. The dissoluteness of sooiety was terrible. It had swarmed over Europe after . the peaoo. It brought singing-women and danoing-women from all the opera-houses in Europe, on whom my lords lavished thousands, whilst they loft their honest wives and lovely children languishing in lonely splendour m tho castle and park at homo. Lord Carlisle was one, however, who, after passing through a scene of riotous pleasure, in whioh ho never forgot that he had a good wife and ohil dren ( whom he always loved with tho best part of his heart), finally settled down into a sober country .gentle -man, and left behind him a noble rooo who whorited.his name and his titles-a Carlisle, accomplished, kind, gentle, and pure, beloved as widely as he is known ; and female descendants oooupying high stations, and .embel- lishing their great names-some of them renowned for beauty, and all for spotless lives and pure matronly virtues. (Applause.) It waB different with Earl March, afterwards Duke of Queensborry. Tho legends about " old Q", were most awful ; but almost in our own time this drinking, gambling, wrinkled, palsied, toothless old Don Juan had diod os wicked and unrepentant as in ms hottest hours of youth and passion. After alluding to, tho idleness and profligacy that prevailed about this timo the Lecturer said it was to tho middle classes we must look for the safety of England ; working, educated mon, far away from Lord North's bribery in tho Senate ; tho active clergy, not corruptod into parásitos by hopes of preferment; tradesmen rising into opulence; painters pursuing their gentle calling ; mon of letters in their quiet studies-those wore tho men wo love and like to read of in those days. How small the grandees and mon or pleasure look beside them ! How contemptible; the story or George III.'s Court squabbles appears beside tho reoorded talk of dear old Sara. Johnson I In their nigbtB ot tho club, their modest oups nover ended in riot. " There, at tli3 Turk's Head, waa Goldsmith, so odd and natural; Burke, the finest talker in the world; Gar riok, flashing in from his theatre; with Peroy, and Lington. and poor Bozzy at the tablo. Ho regarded Sir Joshua Reynolds as tho finest gentleman of .tho period. Ho liked to think of that society. Not morely how ploasont, and how wise, but how good, tho men wore I In going home ono night from tho club, Edmund Burke, his whole soul full of great thoughts-thoughts that never left him-and his hoart.overtlowing wwh kindness, met with a poor woman, to whom he spoke in his kind ..wiso way, and her tears so moved him that he took home tho poor Magdalene to his wife and children, and ho .ney« suffered her to leave until ho found moans of restoring her to a lifo of honest labour. "Oh ! you fine gentlemen,V oxolaimod Mr. Thackeray, " You Marches, Selwyns, and Chesterfields, how small you look by the Bide of this great man!" (Applause.) Should we not pardon James Boswell some small peccadilloes for sketching tho lifo or Dr. Johnson so faithfully ?-Johnson-more than a whole benoh of BishopB, more than Pitt, North, and the great Fox himself-had the ear of the nation, and his great voice reconciled it to authority. When Georgo III. talked to him, and when the nation hoard the great philosopher's opinion of,tho sovereign, a whole genera- tion rallied round their king.' What a humanity : the good old man had I Ho was kindly indulgent-a fierce foo to all sin and a gentle enemy to all sinners. " What, boys, aro you for a frolic?" he cried, as Beauolero and his rollioking companions awoke him at midnight. "I'll be with you in a minute," ho added, and tumbled on bis clothes and went off with them to Covent G.trdon. _Ho had tho "liberty of the scenes," as he called it, at Gar-, rick's theatre, and occasionally made uso of his privilege. All the adresses know me,',' he said, "and dropped a curtsey as they passed." What a pretty pioture this would make, " Youth, Folly, and Gaiety, tenderly sur: veyod-by Merciful Wisdom, pure-eyed and good. (Applause.) Mr. Thaokeray then presented an elaborate sketoh of the monarch. His mother's bigotry and hatred were inherited by Georgo III., along with tho courageous obstinacy ol'Iiis own raoo; but ho was a firm believor, whilst his fathers had been free thinkers, and he was a true defence to the Church or whioh ho.was the titular head. Like air other'dull men, the king _was suspicious or superior people. Ho did not uko Fox, Reynolds, Nelson, Chatham, nor Burke. H'i was fright- ened at tho idea'of innovation, and suspicious of innova tors.. He loved mediocrity-Benjamin West was_his favourite painter, nnd Beattie his favourite poet. The king lamented in after lire, with all tho pnthos he was oopnblo or assuming, that his eduootion had boon nog leote'd-that ho had boon a dull lad brought up by narrrow-mlndod poople. The cleverest tutors in tho world could havo dono little, possibly, to have expanded that Bmall intellect; though they might, perhaps,,hove improved his taste, and taught his perceptions more generosity. He admired as well ns ho could, and loamed as well ns ho was able. To Hannah Lightfoot, tho quakeress, ho was said to have boon married, although no ono was known who had seen tho registèr. Then thorai .was laughing, black-eyod Lady Sarah Lonuox, who tried her best to win him, who used to watch him at tho castle window, to mako hay at him on the lawn at Holland Houso. and who died in our own timo tho mother of tho heroic Napiers. Ho married the Princess Charlotte of Meoklenburg.Strolitzi,-a very plain, oommon-lookiiig nrinoess. and for years they led ono of tho happiest and simplest of lives over led by a married couple. It was said, however, that tho king winced a little when ho first saw his intended bride. Tiley had tho mildest pleasures, and their time was spent in tho most regular manner. In. the evening thpy would have country danoos, and the king would dnnoo for three boura to ouetuno; after whioh piooo of delicious exoitemont they would go .to bod without any supper, the court people grumbling sadly thereat; and get up oarly noxt morning. On < other evenings the queen would play on tho spinnet, or Gooroo would read to hor a favourite sermon, oro chapter from tho Spectator. Oh I Arcadia, what a pleasant lifo this must havo been I He was fond of . ohuroh music, but it was of a peoulinr kind. Onoo when blind, ho ohose tho music for th« Ancient Concorts, and seleoted, as having especial roforenoo to his own afilio tlon, " Samson Agonistes," because roforonco was often made in it to blindness, holplossnoBS, and captivity. Fond as ho was of churoh music, howevor, and pious as was tho bout of hismind.be was not at all a froquont visitor at St. Paul's. Ono day in tho year he did attend -when 6000 charity school ohildren lifted up their swoot frosh voices in angel-strains to heaven, in notes so dulcot and enchanting that the listener might almost ranoy ho hoard tho chorubs singing boforo tho Almighty throne. (Applause.; Ho once proposed to ostablisb an Order of Minerva for literary mon, to tako rank next to tho Bath; but the literati of the doy quarrelled among thomsolvos, and Minorva and lier stars nover camellown. Tho thonlro was always his delight; but ho had no taalo for ShakBpoaro, and did not like trage dios-pantomimes wen his groatost joy. Tho sraallost jokes would set him off laughing, and when tho clown swallowed a carrot or n strlngof sausages, ho would roar and hullabaloo so outrageously that the lovoly prinoess at his side had to sny, " My glorious monarch, do oom poso yourself;" but ho oontinod to laugh os long as his little wits woro loft bim. Thore was somotliing touch, lng in tho private oarly lifo of tho king; and long oftor his marriage ho was under lils shrowd, hard, dpminoor. lng, oruol mother-. " Georgo bo n king," woro tho words that sho was constantly croaking into IIÍB oar ; and tho simple, affeotionato, stubborn, bigoted man, triad to bo so. Ho did his boBt, ho workod according to his light; ho earnestly tried to loam, nnd did suooood in acquiring tho routino parts of tho roj al business. Who could won- der that with suoh a man to load tho peoplo,-to declaro war, and to decido who his millions of Biibjoots woro to slay, nnd who thoy wore to ho Monds with,-punishment and humiliation should rall both upon people and king. Thoro was n constant bnttlo botweon the king and tho aristocracy ; it wns ho and tho pooplo who baokod _him that carried on tho war with Amorloa ; it was ho and tho peoplo who rofusbd justloo to tho Romijn Catholics, and on both thoso questions bent tho patricians. Ho bribod and bullied; and darkly dissembled upon oooasipu; oxorolaod a stupid persovoranoo ; boat North and h ox, ondovon bowed tho stately nook of tho youngor Pitt. His indomitable Bpirit was nover conquered. In all this ho was thoroughly honest; for it was by persona who fanolod thomsolvos in tho right that nino-tonths or tho tyranny abroad in tho world had boon perpolrotod. George III. wished for nothing but tho good of his veo. pie, and ho regarded thoso who did not ngroo with bim ns traitors and rebels. Aftor speaking of tho quiet, mo. notonous, prosaic Hfo'of tho king's household at Kow and Windsor, tho looturor rolated somo or tho stories tola by tho admirers or tho homely ways of Georgo III.-riding about and talking with ovory ono ho mot:/bout their crops, or their fomllios, or tho ront of their housos. Somotimos bo would glvo thom nguinoa and ride on-at other timos ho would fcol in his pooltots and perceive that he had no monoy. On ono occasion ho ployed tho part of King Alfred ; lie turned a piece, of moat by i string before tho fire in a cottager's house, and when thi old woman came home sho found some money and i note-" Fivo guineas to buy a jack." This conduct wai not dignillcd for a king-it was that of farmor Georga It was thus that our fathers liked their old king and magnified him us tho great representativa of the regal character. Mr, Thackeray next presentad a beautiful and touching opisode,-tho lifo of the Princess Amelia, tho darling of tho old king, her father, who loved her passionately, and was heart-brokou at her death. With her death reason desortod him, and from Novembar, 1810, Goorgo III. ceased to reign. History presents no sadder spectacle than that old man, blind ? and deprived of reason, wandering through tho rooms of, hiB palaoe, addressing imaginary, parliaments, and reviewing fancied troops. Ho was not only sightless, but' he became ut- terly deaf. All his senses1 alike-all reason, all sight, all sound of human' voioes, all the pleasures of this world of God wore fakon from him. Some slight luoid moments ho had, ,, in one of whioh tho quean, desiring, to see bim,, entered tho room and found him singing' a ' hymn and accompanying himself on the harpsichord. When he had finished he kneeled down and prayed aloud for lier, then for their family, and then for the nation, concluding.with a prayer fox, himself .that. God, wouldt be pleased to avert this heavy 'c'álamity"froto^hlm'rbút"if not,"that-Ho would give bim resignation to'- submit t» it. He then burst into tears and his reason again fled. What preacher need moralisa an this story ? -What words, save tho simplest,.are requisite to,tell it?. It is too terrfblo for tears. The thought of süoh misery, smote one down in submission beforo, tho Euler of kinfes and men-the Monarch supreme'over empires and' republics-tho in scrutable- Dispenser'Of-life>-*-deatbr-happino8S,-victory. " Oh ! brothers," I said to those who heard me first in America-"Ohl 'brothers speaking' tho samo 'dear mother tongue4-Oh 1 comrades, enemies no moro, let us take a mournful hand together as we .stand by 'tin's royal corpse, and oall a"truoe~to-battle.- Low-hVliesto-whom the proudest UBodconco to kneel," and who was oast lower than tba poorest who did-him. homage ; whom millions prayed oyer.in' vain;, Driven off:his throne, buffeted by rude bands, with his children in : revolt, ¡ the darling of his old age killed beforo him, old Lear hangs over her breathless lips, and calls-' Cordelia, Cordelia I stay n little I' '.. ; .. . . i . c. '?' Vex not his ghost. :' 01 let bim pass. . Ha bates him ' . Tbut would upon tho rock or this rough world ' / ' \- Stretch him out longor.' -.; ! Hush, strifo and quarrel, over the solemn gravo I Sound, trumpets, a mournful mdfoh t Fall/dark curtain, upon bis pageant, his pride, his grief, -his awful '¡tragedy I" (Loud and reiterated cheers.; ' ¡ ?: j The PIÍESIDPNT, at tba dose of the leoture, explained that the illnoss of Mr. Thackeray at Halifax, last week, had sb disarranged his plans that it would be impossible for him tb deliver;, his next leoture'for somo timo to come; but as soon as his present engagements would permit bf his'returning,t'o Leeds, tho fact would be'duly announced. ; ? The large assembly then dispersed. ' ' 