THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. (From tie .Empire.) .' The following circular has been ad- dressed to the clergymen of this Diocese by the Lord Bishop of Sydney : Sydney, June 23rd, 1857. REVEREND AND DEAR SIE-Having recently been in communication with several of the clergy upon the subject of a Church Assembly for this Diocese, I find that important differences of opinion exist, especially amongst the senior members of the olerioal body, with regard to this question. Before I proceed further in a matter of so much moment to the Church of which we are ministers, and I may add to the country in which we live, I think it desirable to ascertain from the clergy the views they entertain on the ques- tions I now submit to them. In addressing you upon this im- portant subjeot, and seeking to be guided to a right judgment concerning it, I desire on my own behalf and yours, that the Holy Spirit of wisdom and of love may so direct and sanctify our thoughts and aots, that the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ may have free course and be glorified in this land. From the period of my appointment to the see of Sydney, I have regarded the establishment of a Church Assembly as a question requiring the most careful consideration of the members of tho Churoh of England and Ireland in this colony. I have no wish to avoid the labour aad responsibility with which this subject is invested, but I cannot think it wise to' involve myself in its acknowledged difficulties without thoäo advantages which time, observation, and experience alone can give. It may possibly appear to some, that since the year 1852 a sufficient period has elapsed, and that we Bhould imme-1 diately take up the question as it was then left. This has been done in the dioceses of Melbourne and Adelaide j in New Zea- land measures are now in progress, which will, in time, result in the forma-1 tion of a Church constitution j in Tas- mania deliberations have recently com- menced j in the diocese of Newcastle nothing hasbeen done-the same must be said of Sydney. In our case, how- ever, it should be borne in mind that for nearly threeyears subsequentto 1852 the diocese was without a Bishop, and that the practical evils arising out of this state of things had in the first instance to be remedied. It was obvious, that if 'the Church of England was to maintain its ground in this country, the first thing to be done was to supply the cry- ing want of clergymen and schoolmasters. With this view, the Church Society was formed, by means of which, and by funds obtained in England, and from other sources, I have, under the Divine blessing, succeeded in obtaining the services of twenty-five additional clergy- men, tea schoolmasters, and two catechists. The Church Society being cordially and almost universally supported by the clergy, and very generally by the laity, has thus far, as will be seen by the re- port, accomplished the design for which it was established ; under any circum- stances an organization of this kind was indispensable, but it would be a misap- prehension of my own views, and of the views of the friends of the Church Society, to suppose it was ever intended as a substitute for a Church Assembly. , I certainly think that under the cir- cumstances in which I entered upon my episcopate, the former was the more needful j and in this opinion, I believe, the great majority of the clergy and of the laity concur ; and I also regard the consolidation and extension of the Church Society's operations, and the adjustment of ourcducational difficulties, as having more pressing claims upon my time and attention than the formation of a Church Constitution. The course which upon mature con- sideration appears to me to be the wisest and most prudent to adopt, is the following :-? I propose, if God permit, to visit Mel- bourne in the spring, and to toke counsel with the bishop of that diocese, and also communicate with the bishop of Adelaide on this subject. The Church Assembly of Melbourne and the Diocesan Synod of Adelaide are framed upon essentially different principles. One appeals to the Legisla- ture to give the sanction and authority of law to its enactments ; the other is satisfied with a mutual compact between the bishop and the clergy, confirmed by the execution of a trust deed. In New Zealand, also, the latter principle is adopted ; but a fundamental regulation is introduced which does not appear in the other constitutions. This is " the veto," to be exercised by the bishop at his discretion ; a power claimed by my right reverend predecessor, as one of the inherent rights of the Episcopate. Upon these and other points of great importance, I désire to confer with my right reverend brethren, and to reap the benefit of their experience. If this should seem to some of the clergy to cause unnecessary delay, I be- lieve there are others who will agree with me in thinking that the time so oc- cupied is not really lost, and that we shall be more likely to reach the end in safety, as wo wisely and circumspectly mark the way by which we are to attain to it. My own impression is, that in the for- mation of the proposed Church Assembly, we shall gain much advantage by the opportunity for deliberation, and by the experience which a longer delay will afford. But as you are equally interested with myself in this subject, it appears to me desirable that I should frankly communicate to you my opinions upon it, and incite the expression of your own in return. I beg, therefore, to propose to you the following questions : 1\. Do you think it desirable that im- mediate steps should be taken to summon the clergy and laity of the Church of England to a conference upon the sub- ject of a Church Constitution ? Or, ' 2\. Do you consider it desirable to allow further time to elapse, in order that enquiries may be made and infor- mation obtained as to the best mode of proceeding ? I am aware that in 1852, when similar enquiries were made, the laity of the Church of England were consulted ; and valuing as I do tboir co-operation, I shall be glad if you will communicate to me the opinions of any members of your congregation upon this subject, together with their names. In conclusion, I earnestly invite you to unite with me in prayer, that we may seek and obtain tho wisdom which cometh from above; that the gift which the risen and ascended Saviour has pur- chased by his atonement may bo poured out upon us, even that Holy Ghost the Comforter, by whom alone we can be ' guided into all truth and purity and peace, to the glory of our Heavenly Father, and the union and edification of tho Church. i I remain, reverend and dear Sir, your faithful servant in Christ, j F. SYDNEY. I 