MY PIPE. Bx A LOUNGER IN SYDNEY. I DISCOVERED the other day not without pleasure that in one respect, I strikingly resemble the Poet Laureate. Alfred Tennyson is a tremendous smoker ; so am I. But what man is there fit for anything who is not a smoker? Ex fume dare face is the rule for genius-always excepting the fascinating but must migrant Frank Fowler, who radiates the brilliancy without having previously blown the cloud. Most moral, most intellectual, of agencies is tobacco soothing the ruffled spirit into Halcyon calm, stimulating the sluggish brain into Titanic vigour. How much of our literature-especially of the maul and the metaphysical - do we owe to the pipe Many a noble page breathes forth its flag France delicious as the hawthorn's breath. Wrapt in its vapour, as in Delphic exhalations, the philosopher uttered oracles. 1 stumbled the other day on an historian of His panels, a Vox ex Masula, who. like our own Vox e Deserto, was wicked enough to abuse tobacco asserting that the West India caiques smoked themselves stupid, and had then to be carried by their wives to bed. The calumny, like a branded liar, bears its refutation on its face. Smoke one's self stupid, indeed. Why, the very reason that " the maligned of the Holy Here are so stupid, is because they don't smoke. 4 Farewell to Tobacco to-day, nay, dear Eliza I Anaoreon-like, thou hadst to sing its praise, even whilst striving to stammer out an unavailing Vale to its fascinations, Man was born to > smoke (recent phrenologists have proved there is a radiological development that cravath'Cavendish): then, where- fore, struggle against so sweet a destiny ? Tis, of all, the duty easiest to convert into a delight and before I write another word, I'll light my pipe. Black, but comely swarthy and glossy as an JEtbkip belle 1 Permit me, ma ever, to become year Leseur, and recurl those locks of Negro-head. Law, how they fruits; Why, bless me, love, they've turned to auburn I Puff, puff, puff, and now they're gray I In various convolutions ascend the aromatic fumes I do repent me of my barbarous metaphor), vanishing like dreams. Their odour lingers still like memories of joy. How exquisite a thrill ecstatic as the shiver that followeth the kiss of the beloved Polly- trembles along the nerves in waves of bliss ! To Baccy, Celestial Pipe, all balls Blow your cigars - or rather don't blow them, 1 says Pretender to the art, more boyish amateurs, smoke weeds -dallying with their Manilas, even as puppy- like, they flirt with maidens. In neither case do they intend to link their faces to slime the chances and changes of this mortal life with those with whom they trade The true smoker, for better for waroo, wended his pipe and never wears 5th of her company, loving her all the better, indeed, when Time Frith streaked her cheeks once white as snow, spotless as Spi dog's first lines What departed wife loveth a more disconsolate widower? No bride is oftener pressed to lips of faithful soul. That type most genuine of the genuine smoker, her Teufolsdrnckh, in his hills room in the Wahngasse, or in the Green Cause coffee house, of Weimniohtwo, would sit ' whole days to think-and smoke tobacco.' >S»me-inen, I know, are polytheism, and keep harems of meerschaum, hookahs, chibouques, uar guiles, Mile's gullies no end of beauties foreign and domestic. I am a strict monogamous. My wife is Dutch, a portly dame, and hails from Goudn, where, as perchance I need not tell my reader, the cows obese wear bed-time petticoats, I fell in with her five years ago in Wapping, A Cape merchant, a kind friend of mine, gave her away'-fioni a huge lot that he was about to ship for Cape Town. Since then, line Ulysses, I have seen the cities, and known the mind, of many men ; but my Penelope was ever with me. Over many a sea, in three out of the five quarters of the globe (as the Irish geography books have it have we travelled together. a N.B. This pompous announcement simply means that he has been in France, and has touched at. the Cape -the other great travellers out hero, he's sadly given to brag. He smokes me, and I return the compliment.' \- Pipe loquitur Let me summon up a few recollections of the places in which I have smoked the pipe that now I own. Supitius in herbs, in one of the many rose-filled, strawberry bearing gardens, dear old Colchester, town of the good oysters, bad pavements, and ugly women (but in that last clause the proverb lies for lovely are thy daughters) ; girt round with their old wall of Roman brick, like veteran with tattered wash ; sprinkled with venerable ruin of castle, of priory, of abbey ; studded with churches, nuw-spiredor steeple less, still telling of the siege long, long ago ! And on thy stream, floating in solitary punt from mill to mill, shaded by pollard that look like monster broomsticks smitten with melancholy memories of spring, suggested by the deep, green, ring cupped grass surging up like a flood around their holes or bound for a picnic in the little Dart, freighted with pretty girls (all matrons now, I fear), dropping down beneath the whispering wood of Wivenhoe, where first the Collie begins to put on swaggering, sea-going airs past the big black collier brigs that eye the tiny sprat-boats with such supreme disdain; between the States and AbydoS of that Hellespont, Fragrance, and the village from which the wood takes its name, with its grave old slim cb, multiplicity of bow-windowed public-houses, oyster pits, and amphibious population ; along the monotonous ' sea-wall on which stand bullocks of morose aspect, that look as if they would like to toss us for enjoying ourselves whilst they are fattening there for beef; past the anchored guard-boat; past the rolling buoy naughty buoy 1 it feels as if it were drunk, with many a musical scream from lips so rosy in the wind's fresh kiss that one gets jealous of the windows into the German ocean, heaving in emerald set in seething foam. In railway carriages, on the sly, to the indignation of the guns a, who puts his breczc-blouzcd face-his whiskers powdered with small particles of coal- dust in through the window at every station, fruitlessly re enunciating his very correct impression that some gentleman has been a smoker go-between dripping cuttings, stern with out-cropping rock, along ram park-like embankments, over heron-logged viaducts ; through mile-long tunnels, in which even the light that steals down the dismal shafts branches through fear of the surrounding gloom, and shrinks from spreading ; wherein the whistle shrieks, like a lost spirit, in reverberated anguish ; a million mammoth dray horses seem trotting, shod with brass, upon the iron road : and, ever and anon, the train appears to be rushing backwards, terror-stricken by its own infernal clamour; out into the sunny air again, beneath the arch over which pour specimens of ' young Rusticity,' half stifled by the cloud of damp and Hilphuiy vapour the engine puffs into their throats and nostrils crash, bang through the bridges, whose blurred lines of mortar and dancing masonry make the head dizzy and the stomach sick racing the telegraph wires that gallop along like greyhounds, and take the white posts with a flying leap, past haymakers, or harvesters, or hop-pickers, in fields and meadows that seem running round; staring boors, perched, with drawn-up knees, on mossy gates; and startled cattle, contorting their tails most absurdly in their clumsy flight. An hour ago far away in the quiet country, disturbing for a moment the solitary silence of orchard-buried villagers, their whitewashed, honeysuckles cottages, clustering around the grey and tried church like children nestling in (her grandson's skirts, security in all their happy faces now hurrying over suburban gai done, whose dreary, smoke-dried shrubs, and melancholy cabbages the clanking machinery appears to taunt with a monotonous ' Vegetate, vegetate, if you can, if you can I next catching glimpses of little toilettes and bathroom breakfasts, as the train streets along the parapets arches, through a chaos of Rooty roofs and tottering chimney-stack, pigeon traps, scar let-runners, brewers' boards respondent in blue and gold, factory chimneys belching forth their costs religious, and warehouses built like Babel, up to Heaven. Wh-e-e-e-e-o-e-owl Wh-o-o-o-e-e-o-ew ! Tickets have been taken by bumptious, moustached gentlemen in uniform, who fancy themselves, in some vague manner, in the 'Guards bells ring, telegraphs extend their wooden arms like tragedians at our approach, dropping them languidly when we have passed- green-coated officials wave flags insanely, or gravely shoulder the staves like muskets, and raise their right hands to their foreheads in military salute. Green-jacketed ditto potter at those mysterious ' switches,' the function of which appears to be the infliction of bumps and jolts on passengers. Breaks' are screwed down, causing unpleasant tingling in an unmentionable portion of the frame of second-class traveller the light dims suddenly as the train rolls slowly beneath the terminus iron-girdled roof-a wave of porters, policemen, pick-pockets, and waiting friends swells, mounts, and dashes itself with a i uniting ripple along the carri/igos-yonder room through the raw, yellow fog the omnibuses and cabs -we are in London ! In Borehole' or Cyder Cellars," puffing away in self-defence, Chief Baron Nicholson presides-Sam Hall is sung. The air is redolent of brandy, rum, gin, porter, and the Cambrian coney. Waters, with fitful gleams of glass and pewter, flit spectral through the mint like-if there could be such a thing - that of a dry washing-day. Old men with noses like masses of bruised mulberries and aspen hands the hoary sinners I the middle-aged round the fast young man-women in gaudy garments, who buy their blushes by the cake bore and there a wondering neophyte with country air and mother's kiss still fresh upon his check-there are the company, enjoying 'Life,' as they are pleased to call it. Foul atmosphere and fouled entertainment-with what satisfaction must a ' Cave of Harmony' habitué say VJXI in a London square, blending in the soft summer air the bi Leather Goods with the fragrance of the lilacs, the moonlight silvers even grimy London house- fronts'into beauty, and makes even, grim knocker lion-heads look mild. On what myriads of tombstones, standing dim beside the graves like risen ghosts, that light pours down The quarters peal out in the silence like the audible pulse of time 1 But Carlyle, has written Might Thoughts in a Great; City, and who shall attempt what he has touched; Read Sartor Resartus, book 1, chap, bigamy friend In the Champs Elysees, blending the breath of Gonda with anything but, that of lilacs the odious odour of French cigars - believed,' not without reason, to be made of ditch water congealed. But the lights twinkle, through the trees upon a hundred merry show, watched by many a hundred pair of merry eyes. Even the limonadière, toiling along with that remarkable machine of her, looks pleased perhaps, because her toil will soon be' over. Even the sulky little sun-burnt soldier in those baggy pantaloons of his, evidently blushing at the badness of their cut, relaxes into a smile clearly ring frost the white and- gold orchestras the voices of the singers wish, me mignonne in muslin excuse my pipe I could hear more frequently a silvery ankle in that box of yours, wherein you collect the offerings of your not very liberal al fresco auditory ! But see, that worthy bourgeois is regaling his wife, her sister, and himself, with what we should call a nobbler of brandy. Two biles nt n chin by ! Three nips from a nobbler ! How strong their thing must be 1 What can you expect from a people who indulge in potations of such potency ? At sea in the maintop with a bottle of Bass, looking down upon the motley morning scene on deck. Fui tations and enid playing on the poop; here and there a pair of quiet chess players, or a languid student hardly keeping up the sham of reading boys lar king, idiots lounging, on the booms a fair haired, fair-checked child sitting beside a sailor with a face of tan, watching the process of Kill maling, and curiously examining the ' palm,' with a manifest impression that it is a portion of his companion's skin, a little blacker than the rest. At morn, vi hen the seams sweat tar, and the flying- fish flash like silver shafts as they shoot through the air, saturated with sunlight, as it seems; and one envies the broad winged albatross, able as it is to fold those spreading vans, and cool its downy bosom in the sapphire waters. At night, when the galleries blazes out in the choir give mi, and the white crEsted waves astern, untiring, follow the flying ship, like wolves hounding Mazeppa or the moon rises in beauty, and turns barque and sea and sky into a lovely dream. Among the red lichen rocks of Table Mountain, on the oak-shaded Wynberg road, under the vines at Constantia, in dusty Cape Town, dustier Melbourne, dustiest Sydney. in 11 to lonely bush, where the air is almost as fragrant as my Goudi's breath at dawn, where, during the day, the solitary flow es- smile so patiently iii the sultry heat ; a hero, at eve a far-off cloud above the tree-tops tells of the Returning flock, and, at night, the camped out traveller's fire works sullenly as eye of drowsy lion. In these places, and in many a place beside, have I smoked my skin ling-alas ! alas I alas! I shall never smoke her more! she bath fallen from my lips, and lies in fragments on the floor. Peace to her ashes ! Fondly shall I embalm her memory, and place it in the choicest chamber of my heart ; but it is not good for men to be alone I must take unto myself another wife I R. R. 