MISCELLANEOUS. HEB MAJESTY'S D HAWING-BOOH. - The Queen lield a Drawing-room in St. James's Palace on Saturday, the 6th June. This recep tion, the first public Court held by Her Majesty this season, was very numerously attended. The Queen wore a train of black silk, trimmed with black crape and bou quets of black flowers; the petticoat black crape over black silk, trimmed with bouquets of black flowers. Her Majesty wore a diadem of black jet with black feathers. The Princess Royal wore a train of rich white glac6, tastefully trimmed with whit® crape and bugles; the petticoat white glace, trimmed to correspond with the train. Her Royal Highness had round her head a wreath of white roses ; the ornaments were pearls and diamonds. The scene appears to have been of quite as exciting a character as the memorable struggles of the last campaign. The confusion, the pressure, the heat, and distress, are thought to be describable only by the pen of Crimean correspondents. Besides the pressure, the heat, and the distress, an amusement of a very national character was provided. To protect the approach of the celebrated Pen the Lord Cham berlain had cunningly constructed of old benches a sort of outwork; this at first was regarded with some a we and respect, but " as the pres sure in. the rear became greater some lady, more adventurous than the rest, actually cleared the outside fence; her example was soon fol lowed, the Irishwomen taking the lead, and clearing the fence with that peculiar tact for -whicn their country horses are so celebrated. The Marchioness of D., the Countess of D., my Lady E., were seen going over in first rate style, but an unfortunate English girl, Miss P. C. I/., not so well educated, having scrambled ou to the top of the biuk, was drawing breath previous to the final spring, when suddenly her progress was arrested by one of the helmeted veterans crying out at the top of his voice, ' Hallo, madarnc; the Lord Chamberlain desires the ladies will not leap over the fenca3!' The poor girl fell back into her father's arms, an old Boldier, who briefly, but not very courteously replied, in. a de^p guttural voice, 'The Lord Chamberlain be ,' to which doom I fancied I heard several sweet and gentle voices whisper ' Amen!' " European, Times. AN ENGLISH Bai& MEED TTPOS BY A FBENCH ScHOomBB.-Some little sensation has been caused by a French war-schooner firing upon an English brig from Bordeaux to Liver pool, -which had anchored in the roadstead of Belle Isle from stress of weather. The eause ot offence was that the brig did not hoist her colours to show her nationality; but the cap tain of the Teasel, one of whose crew was killed by a ball, assigns a satisfactory reason for this -he could not, as his signal halyards had been carried away in the lempeBt. The affair is under investigation. Causes quite as trivial have led, ere now, to a war betwean the coun tries which the vessels respectively represent; but the alliance at present is so intimate and sound, that no fear need be entertained of such a calamity.-European Times. DESTRUCTION OF PICEFOBD'S WABEHOUSBS BY FIBE.-A most destructive fire, sueh as happily is not often seen in the metropolis, oc curred oil the 9th of June, and totally destroyed Messrs. Piekford's vast warehouses [ at Camden Town, a series of buildings cover ing upwards of five acres of ground, and storing an enormous amount of goods for railway, transit. The fire broke out about 20 minutes past 10 o'clock. The gas was burning bril liantly in every part of the immense area, while the numerous clerks and other officials were busily engaged in their respective offices pre paring the invoices and mother necessary occu pations for the transit of the merchandise. On a sudden a more than ordinary blaze of light was discovered in the northern portion of the building in that part known as the hayloft and corn stores, where the fodder for the horses was kept; a dense and suffocating smoke imme diately succeeded, and a cry ran through the building that the premises were on fire. In a few minutes the flames shot up through the roof, and the whole neighbourhood became en veloped in a dense cloud of smoke. There was no time to save property; books, ledgers, papers, cash-boxes were snatched up as they lay, or left to their fate. The first thought of the carmen was for their horses; 360 were stabled below the sheds. The flames "were now surging madly Tound the building, and, bursting through the roof, shot up into the air to an enormous height. There was not a moment to lose. The carmen : rushed into the stables below, let loose the terrified horses, and out they rushed at their utmost speed, to the imminent peril of those who were not fortunate enough to get out of their way, while the shouts of the people, the furious raging of the fire, the crackling of the ignited timber, and the continuous explosion of combustibles within the building maddened them in their fright. The brigade and other I engines were now quickly on the spot, but the fire had gained such an ascendancy that little could be done beyond confining it to its own limits. The entire body of the building was one mass of flames, the great gates\were gone, and in the centre could be seen waggon after waggon, and truekload upon truckload, of goods dropping down with a loud crash as the fire gained the mastery over them. In the interior of the burning -warehouses beam upon beam and roof after roof cams crashing down, and explosion after explosion added to the scene of devastation, which was not a liltls heightened vrhep^ at about half-past 11 o'clock, the roofs of the stabling, upon which the solid paving of the sheds was laid, and which were all supported upon arches to the extent of about two acres, gave way, carrying with them the whole of the burning mass beneath. Shortly after, the great northern wall fell with a tremendous crash upon two large barges laden with eorn, which were lying in the cut of the Resent'* Canal immediately beneath. With the fell of the buildings the fury of the fire became to some extent subdued, and in a few hours it sunk info a vast smouldering heap. Thousands of people from all parts of London were present, and many remained till daylight. The magnificent sight the fire presented about 11 o'clock has never been surpassed; and so tremendous was the conflagration that the reflection of the flames on the sky was distinctly visible from the remotest parts of London. The destruction of properly is enormous, but with characteristic energy Messrs. Pickford have set up temporary sheds and conduct their business as usual. They were insured to the extent of £55,000. Loss op LIVE AT MOKECAMBE Bat.-A. lamentable loss of life has occurred at the Morecambe Bay sands. Twelve or fourteen farni-labourerj intended to prjceed from the Ulverston cud of the sands to Lancaster, to attend the Whitsuntide birings in the latter place. They stayed drinking instead of setting olF in good time; and late at night on the 29th May they entered upon the sands, travelling in two carts. Whether they were overtaken by the tide, were swept away by a stream, or wan dered out of the proper course, is unknown, for all perished; the first intimation of what had happened was the finding of a number of the bodies. GEEAT CIBCLE SAILING.-Last week, a meeting of merchants and shipowners, chiefly engaged in the Australian trade, was held iu the Underwriters' rooms at Liverpool, for the purpose of presenting the handsome sum of £1,009, tj Mr. J. T. Towson, the scientific examiner and secretary to the Local Marine Board of that port, in consideration of the ; various services he liad rendered to commerce and navigation, particularly by the application of composite or great circle-sailing to Australian voyagers. Mr. Aikin, in very suitable terms, presented the testimonial, remarking that he had no doubt Mr. Towson would bs much more gratified by feeling that his services were appreciated than by the mere amouut of the gift. Mr. Towsonj in reply, after referring to ? many important subjects, stated that he could [ assure the gentlemen present that the testi j monial would always be retained by Mm as a I sacred trust, and would not be used for any common purposes. After a few remarks from gentlemen present, the meeting separated. Home Hfeios. THE Sttsken RUSSIAN- Fleet.-Twenty four ships of the sunken fleet have already been raised ia the harbour of Sebastopol. The American Company is straining every nerve to fulfil its engagements, and hopes to raise the ships still remaining under water. The steamer Kherson, one of those already raised, is plying ns she used to do in the Black Sea before the j war. | IHPEOVEHEOTS AT ST. PETEBSBUBG.-In St. Petersburg they are going at length to exert themselves to improve the state of the town, and it may safely be averred tliat this does not take place until it was amply wanted; as the town is built upon piles rammed into a marshy soil, the buildings that have been based on this artificial foundation suffer very much from damp rising up the walls. The Corpo ration has resolved on laying down pipes to drain this ground, and relieve the inhabitants of any superfluous moisture, vcliich can hardly fail of being as beneficial to the health of the population as to the durability of the build ings. Count Sehuwaloff also has set about getting the lower, or at any rate 'the better parts of it, to begin with, repaved in a decent manner ; he has issued instructions to the owners of houses how they are to have their portions of the pavements laid down, so that they may not in future have to be taken up again after a short time, in consequence of their being impassable, to the great gain of the pavers, the loss of the proprietaires, and the detriment of the public. The jirikas he has issued on the occasion is abun dant in warnings to the careless and slothful, and holds out to them that he shall soon inspect the progress made, and see if the public, the hadzjatischi, and police have done their duty- Regulations hive also been made for protecting the public from a number of abuses they were hitherto subjected to on board the steamboats plying in the Bay of Finland. For instance, these boats are to be allowed to take no more passengers than can be accommodated with six feet square of deck; further, the appointed times of starting are in future to be rigidly adhered to, while formerly the vessels were liable to be detained an in definite time waiting for some person of rank j who might have announced his intention of availing himself of that conveyance. The same desire to provide for the wellbeing of the travelling publie is shown in some new regula tion with regard to the luggage on the Moscow Railway. It i3 made possible now to insure the packages for a half per cent, ad valorem, and the minimum amount of indemnification is settled when the goods have not been in sured and subsequently lost. ExTEAORDUTABr MECHANICAL IxGEifUTTr. -A youth, aged 18, belonging to S respectable family of Paris, had about a year ago been condemned for theft to five years' im prisonment. His conduct ia prison bein^ quite exemplary he gained .the good opinion of the Director, who soon re marked in him 3 peculiar aptness for me chanical contrivances. A few days a»o he begged the Director to tell him what o'clock it was, that he might set his watch. " You liave a watch, then?" asked the Director. "Only since yesterday, Sir," said the prisoner; and, to the astonishment of the Director, produced one made of straw! This little masterpiece is 2i inches in diameter, about half an inch thick, and will go for three hours without winding up. The dial plate is of paper, and a pretty straw-chain is attached to the whole. The instruments and materials the prisoner had at his command were two needles, a pin, a little straw, and thread. Several persons of distinction, moved by this surprising genius for mechanics, are now endeavouring to obtain his liberation.-Home News. The Silkwobm: ar PBUSSLL.-The disease amongst silkworms in France and Italy has given an unusual impulse to the cultivation of the worms and export traffic in their eggs from this country. The value of the latter exported to France by four breeders in this vicinity is estimated at $10,000. The Committee of silk worm breeders of the Marshes and Lower Lausatia have, however, recommended that small cultivators should abstain from exporting the eggs, and devote themselves more especially to the produce and sale of good cocoons, whence they would derive greater profit. They also strongly recommend greater attention to and cultivation of mulberry trees, and further that the high and cross roads should be planted with the latter in lieu of being lined with poplars, which serve for little other purpose than to harbour and multiply destructive caterpillars. The tree is found to thrive remarkably well in this vicinity, or rathet in that of Potsdam, where there are three or four nursery gardens filled with sturdy plants. I may mention that the first attempt to cultivate mulberry trees for breeding silkworms was made by King Frede rick William I. about the year 1740, on the spot now covered by the "blooming and pic turesque gardens of Prince Charles, at G-linicke, which at that period was a mere sandy knoll. Count Hertzberg, a M. G-log-rert, of this place, and M. Turk, of G-linicke, Imi tated the King's example, but the experiment failed. The trees languished and died after ruining 6-loggert, and completely disheartening the other two. A descendant of the last men" tioned is, however, more successful. He lias established large plantations, and carries on a lucrative sale of young plants and leaves to breeders. As a proof that the original trees planted at G-linicke might have thrived, one of their number still exists in Prince Charles's pleasure grounds, where it is shown as a sturdy record of King Frederick William's just ap preciation, of the capabilities of the sod and of the importance of the essay. I may mention that the property where stands this verdant relic passed eventually into the hands of the celebrated Chancellor Hardenberg, whose heir disposed of it in 1824 to its present royal pro prietor. The grounds were originally laid out by the English professor, Repton, who was em ployed at a great expense by the chancellor. Berlin Letter. A New Majtuhe.-A new kind of manure has been invented by M. Bichgs, a French gentleman of some note in the agricultural world. It is a chemical composition, the nature of which is still kept secret by the inventor; but its mode of application is rather curious, the grain intended to be sown being mechani cally coated with the compound previously to its being consigned to the earth. The rich principle being thus in immediate contact with the seed to be developed, the soil needs no other kind of manure. Four pounds of the compound are sufficient for an acre of land. According to M. Biehes's experiments, the application of his manure would raise the present yield of ' France from 82,000,000 of hectolitres of wheat 1 to 410,000,000. Dr. Stockhard, Professor at 1 the Academy of Tharand, in Saxony, has lately i pronounced in favour pf Obit system, THE QUEEN'S FAMILY.-It would be in teresting to speculate a little-if one had nothing more immediately pressing to write fu'w-^ to.^e probable influence on the the European future of the fiimily with which Wje Queen has 1>een providentially blessed. What is to become of them all ? It is coarse and vulgar beyond eonceptiou, to deal with the question as it has been dealt with at the receut elections-merely talk about "cutting down" the sums proposed for dowries, &a.; What matters a thousand or two in such a c ise ? People say they are very glad to see Her Majesty blessed with BO fine a family, and I all that kind of thing, but at the eame time they 6hrug their shoulders, and ask you to loot at the burthen they will bring oa the country. The fact is, that this family, if spared, will hare the most momsntous influence on the destinies of Europe. Our approaching alliance with Prussia, by the marriage of the "Princess Royal with the Prince of Prussia, will give as aa increasing and very powerful infln<wA at that Court, and when the other youn° ladies grow up, ifc may perhaps turn out that they may be made happy themselves, and at the same time useful m extending and consolidating the in fluence of their country. Fancy, five young ladies, if rightly disposed o£ Look at Russian diplomacy m this respect. They might be made of the highest importance in uniting the powers of Europe together, and, as the preponderance of iingland is in the interests of the cause of liberty and progress, let us be forgiven for saving that they may tend to promote that preponderance. From this line of argument, some of your readers may suppose me a hairy, grey- headad, shiny-pated paterfamilias. Quite the contrary, I assure you. I would allow the young ladies parfest freedom of inclination in the selection of suitors; but it would not be diffleub to prevent them coming into contact with parties with whom alliance? would be ob jectionable. Then there are the princes. The Princeof Wales, I often see, and I fancy that there is a delicacy about his constitution which will account for his frequent sea-trips and ! changes of air. There is plenty of time, howeVer,^ to talk of his marrying, and I presume that the matter will be left entirely to the young gentleman himself, by and with (of course)^he consent of his respected parents, and the faithful Lords and Commons of England. I shall not pursue the speculation any further at present; but ia the alliances which these nine children may form there is umplo room for the play of a powerful imagination. There is one question which arises, and that is, will these alliances be in the interest of freedom, or will they go to the support of despotism abroad, aQd the repression of liberty at home? I should ba inclined to answer this question hopefullv, if only oa account of the tone of the late elections; for a very large number of the members of the new Parliament are pledged to the ballot, a still large/* wimber to an extension of the suffrage,^nd almost every one, including most of the Tones, to some measure of Parlia rusntary reform.-Correspondent of tlte Cape Town Mail. THE LAST EXPEDIENT.-The New York Tribune gives, from New Orleans, the follow ing curious account of a man who is termed a pardon-forger;-Thccaso ofScatehard, charged with having made overtures to various parties J® a pardon and effect the release of Charles B. Huntington, the Wall-street forger, from Sing Sing, grows quite interesting as the examination proceeds. His project, as revealed, to Mr, Charles f. Kane, of Wall-street, and others to whom he applied for pecuniaiy assistance to carry it out, was bold, original, and by no means impracticable. He said his skill as a penman enabled him to forge the name of any man so accurately as to defy de tection ; added to which he was an adept in the telegraphic art, and while he resided in ?w . l"Ieal13 exercised his ingenuity upon, the wires in a remarkable manner. Iiiving in the outskirts of the city, near ? the telegraphic hues, he made a counterfeit telegraphic pole with a hollow space through the centre, in which he inserted an insulated wire, and brought it in secret contact.through a hole in the glass insulator with the main wire of the lines. Then continuing the branch wire to his own house, he was able to read any of the messages that were sent to or from New Orleans, and make such use of the-information as he pleased. To effect Huntington's release \ he would forge the mime of the G-overnor to a pardon, and before it wap presented take pos session of the telegraph pbove and baiow Sing Sing, and, by his peevdiar machinery intercept the enquiries of the Warden to the Governor at Albauy, or the District Attorney at New York, as ^to the authenticity of the pardon and send, in either case, tlie following replv " The pardon has been granted, but you"will give him in charge of the offlcer, who has** ! Ujnch warrant for his detention." The war rant was to be presented at the"prison by "a confederate at the proper moment, and Hun- j tingfon was to fly with him to this city, where i a swift-sailing schooner was to await them, and instantly put to sea, and make for Havana or the Isle of Pines. A GHOST STORY nr OXFORDSHIRE.-Con siderable excitement has prevailed for several days at Beckley, in this county, and the < adjoining villages, occasioned by a report, whir-h j has been pretty extensively circulated, that a " ghost had taken up his quarters at a farm house known as Beckley Lower Farm, in the occupation of Mr. Chapman. Such was the rapidity with which the rumour flew, and such was the eagerness manifested to obtain a sight of the " liauntod house" (a lone farmhouse lying in a hollow, about a mile to the east of Beckley, and about six miles from Oxford), that on Friday and Saturday several hundred-and on Sunday it is computed that no les3 than a thousand-persons of all classes of society I made a journey to the farm in order to gratify their curiosity. Of course the reports in cireu lation have been many and varibd, each visitor giving a version differing somewhat from , the others, but the* following facts may be relied on as coming from an "authentic J source." About the middle of last week Mr. Chapman had occasion to go from homs, leaving at the house his wife, a female visitor, ! si servant girl, and four young children. Soon I . after he had gone scenes of an extraordinaiy character commenced. Pieces of the ceilings in every room in the house fell down, making a noise like thunder; brick after brick came rattling down; the chimney; tile3 fell off the roof; and all this without an apparent human agency. Above half the windows in the house are broken; stones, pieces of tile and plaster were thrown through them from without with audi force as to break in the leaden frames. And all this went oa in the open day-ono peculiar characteristic of his ghostship distinguishing him from the gene rality of his fraternity being his invariable quietness during the "witching hours of night," when, according to popular belief ghosts de light in indulging their wanton'sports. During the whole of these terrible scenes the females displayed a courage and presence of mind truly praiseworthy, which may serve as an example to all who may have the misfortune to bs placed in similar circumstances. At each succeeding smash of the windows a most rigid search was instituted by them throughout the grounds ad joining the house to discover the perpetrator of the mischief, but always without success. One extraordinary circumstance was, we are told, thaf whenever the bricks or plaster fell on the property of the occupier, the articles of furni ture sustained no damage, nor did any of the inmates of the house receive any injury, with the exception of the servant, who had a trifling bruise on the forehead, occasioned by the falling of a piece of the ceiling in one of the rooms. Matters continued in this state until Monday last, during the whole of which time not even a momentary glimpse of the "ghost" could be obtained. On the morning of that day how ever, the servant, who had been engaged in her domestic duties in the upper part of the house came rushing down stairs pale with terror, and' fell faulting with fright. As soon as she had sufficiently recovered to give an explanation, she said sbe had encountered a "tall dark man" on the lauding of thestaiu, and although elosely questioned, and told that she must have been deceived, she adhered to her state ment. All the rooms iu the house were immediately examined by the men employed ou the farm, but the supernatural intruder was nowhere to be found, it having, we have no doubt, used the privilege enjoyed by "ghosts of vanishing into "thin air" The effect of the sight of the "tall dark man" on the servant girl was such that she could not be induced to remain any longer in the house and she accordingly left the same day. Whe-' ther his ghostship found that his lodgings were getting too warm to be comfortable Ave cannot say, but it is certain that he has not since been heard of; and the destruction or property, of which, of course, he was the author, has ceased from that day These are simply the facts of the case as we heard them from an inmate ofthe farm; who kindly volun teered the statement for our information aud we lay them before our readers, leaving them to form their own opinion as to the amount of faith to be placed in them. The Lower Farm, which is a very old one, has, for ' nearly a century, been associated with many tales of a supernatural character, one of which credulously believed by many of the labouring classes at the present day, is to the-effect that s former tenant of the farm made an agreement with his Satanic Majesty, ^iolwlag tfee elder, by which he sold himself for a certain sum of money. A little wood, to the east of the farm, is pointed oat to the enquiring visitor as the place in' -which the agreement was drawn up, and to whioh the- tenant was wont to repair to reseire payment of his wages. It ia added, however, that the " laying" of " the evil spirit" was effectually performed, and that the old man, by always carrying a Bjble in his pocket, eluded fulfilling hie share of the bargain. Cer tainly this speaks volumes for the enlighten ment of the nineteenth century!- Oxford Chronicle. CHESHIRE A HEW AtrsTRAiii!-There have been several ounces of gold-dust discovered, also a large nugget, value £63, in Great Bud worth, by the workmen employed in erecting a new schoolhouse, on the property of It. Q-. G-. Warburton, Esq., and from all appearance this new field bids fair to beat the Australian and Cahfornian gold-fields, and G-reat Budworth will be indeed great should this discoveiy prove to be as great as is expected. Provisions are already on the rise, and the inhabitants are preparing to receive lodgers. There is no deception in the quality of the gold, as Mr. Wallace,' the curate, forwarded a nugget to | London to be tested, and it is returned as pure gold. K. G. Gk Warburton, Esq., has in | specked the lar^e nugget, also Mr Joseph . Donald, his agent, and numerous other parties. | The gold is lying at Mrs. Beecroffc's forinspec- j tion, and that esteemed lady will be happy to give every facility and information to persons wishing to inspect the same.-Warrington Guardian. APBOFLIGATE PfiraST.-The Grand Vicaire of Meaux, in France, has fled with one of his fair penitents, Mdlle. Vacqaerin by name, and one of the most beautiful girls in the place. What makes the affair so terrible just at this moment is, that this intrigue of the Grand Vicaire, which forms one of the accusations upon which Verger based his proofs of the cor ruption of the clergy, breaks out just as Verger and his damning proofs were beginning to be fcigot. Tha young lady, who has refused the tnost brilliant offers of marriage, and who is possessed of a large fortune in her own right, ha?, by the advice of her paramour, who is supposed to have been her lover, ever since she first-attended his confes sional five years ago, only waited until her coming of age, and the transfer of her money from the hands of her relations into her cwn, to take this extraordinary and decided step. The Grand Vicaire is a tall, handsome man, of good family. The fugitives have landed in England, and rumour declares that the reve rend father has written to hi3 Bishop, announ cing his intention of throwing his froc aux orlies, and threatening, on the first sign of -persecution and annoyance on the part of the ecclesiastical authorities, to issne a public con firmation of all the " horrible calumnies" which were suppressed in ~Vetger's trial. Thus is the prophecv of our x>olitical seers abont to be fulfilled-"Eveiy class will be shaken at once by the lava of corruption, which is boiling beneath the surface of society, and Beeking an issue by every pore."-Atlas. EXTBAOEDINABY " SPIEIT" AFFAIR IN PAEIS.-Mr. Hume, the all-hearing, all-seing spirit-rapper, has left Paris suddenly, without warning. A few nights ago a grand seance had been prepared for him at the house of one of the principal officials about the Court who had witnessed the divers experiments made at the Tuileries, and which, although failing to convince him entirely, had yet not left him wholly incredulous. The company was limited, and of the first water. The names had all been submitted to the practitioner-those of Eugene Guinot, Gancral Baraguay d'Hilliers, and Nadaud, the composer; all of them atrocious unbelievers, and wholly devoid of all sensibility or imagination. Numerous were the experiments tried, and all, as usual, emi nently successful. The accordion glided, as usual, from knee to knee, all round the circle, and played the tunes most loved by the en quirers ; the bell wandered round the ceiling, and rang its merry peal or tolled its doleful note, according to the will of any member of the company who chose to command it. But the wizard had promised that night to evoke the spirits, and render them visible to the sight, and every preliminary experiment was attended to with impatience, so great 'was the hurry to witness the crowning masterpiece of the performance. At length the lights were all extinguished but one, fl solitary wax-taper on the mantelpiece, behind the figure of the prac titioner, which cast its long gigantic shadow on the walls and ceiling of the room. The silence was complete; some of the ladies crouched behind their neighbours, and resisted the temptation to faint only by reason of their curiosity; others stared around, hoping, yet ? dreading, to see something awful and terrific, that they would b3 driven to hysterics. The voice of the wizard was heard, amid the silence, demanding whose spirit should be summon d to appear. A faint whisper, from a distant corner, thrilled through the room-" Let it be Soerafcs, the greatest of philosophers?" A pause ensued-no objection or opposition being manifested, the wizard raised his arm, and waving it towards the door, solemnly bade the spirit of Socrates appear and stand before him. Again the silence was resumed, and the wizard remained, with extended arm and muttering lips, gazing towards the door. It slowly opened; and, amid the utmost terror, the company beheld the entrance of a figure, enveloped in a kind of floating drapery, something like a winding-sheet, which advanced with noiseless tread over the carpet, and stood before the conjuror. The white and fiowiag beard, the bald head, and crushed nose were unmistakable-So crates stood, as in life, in the very midst of that gay and frivolous circle, evoked from his slumber of centuries to furnish sport for a Parisian salon! The awe and terror of the company was at its highest, and the figure glided back in silence while yet the effect produced was at its culminating point. When it had disap peared, compliments, of course, poured in upon the operator, who, shaken to the very fingers' ends, could not help expressing his surprise at the unusual promptitude with which the sum mons "had been answered; and, full of the excitement of unlooked-for success, yielded to the entreaties of the same voice which had spoken before, and winch now implored the evocation of Frederick the Great. The wizard again stretched forth his hand towards the door, although doubtful if bis electric cur rent would be strong enough to accomplish two evocations so rapidly one after the other. He was observed, however, even in the dim light of the apartment, to turn deadly pale, as the door again opened at his summons, when he called aloud for Frederick the Great, King of Prussia, to appear before him. The moment's pause was truly awful. By degrees, amid the shadows of the room could be seen gliding through the doorway a short figure, wrapped, like the one which had preceded it, in a kind of winding-sheet clinging to its limbs, and held around the waist by the grasp of the hands. The face, however, was undeni ably that of the great hero, and the head sur mounted by the little traditional cocked hat which makes every Prussian heart beat with I gratitude and loyalty even to this day. The figure advanced, as that of Socrates bad I done before, close up to the magician, and there stood still and motionless within a fesv paces of the chimney. Presently the nexcitemenfc-of-the magician became intense, the perspiration rolled in huge drops from his forehead, and his teeth chattered. " Enough, enough - begone, depart!" said he, iu a hoarse whisper, as the eyes of flie figure glared upon him with a fierce and menacing expres sion. "Begone, I say!" repeated he, in a hollow tone, as the figure still stood motionless, in spite of the command. In another moment, however, the spell was broken. Bousing him self by an effort which, considering the circum stances in which he was placed, may be regarded as sublime, be suddenly exclaimed, " I have been made the dupe of some mystifi cation," and stepped close to the figure, which had still retained its menacing expression until that moment, when a loud and uncontrollable laugh burst from its lips, and it exclaimed, "What, don't you know me? I am Nadaud, and here is my friend Socrates, otherwise Mar shal Baraguay d'Hilliers, ready to appear again whenever you choose; and close at hand is my comrade Eugene Guinot in life, and Alcibiades in death, waiting to be summoned after me, as he would most assuredly have been had I been able to follow up the joke." You can just ima gine the effect produced by the discovery of the mystification. Mr. Hume was struck powerless and dumb; when he recovered he begged it to be remembered that he had been the first to find out the deception, and asserted that the spirit summoned would have appeared, for that he does in reality possess the faculty of raising them. In a few moments, however, he disappsared, and the next day,we heard, without astonishment, of his sudden departure from Paris. It seems that the three mauvais plaisans who had been excluded from the company had been determined to revenge themselves ; and, with the assistance of a con frere, aided likewise by the false white beard of Socrates and the cocked bat of Frederick the Great, had almost suceeeded in duping the operator, had it not been for the uncontrollable laughter of Nadaud, which betrayed the whole conspiracy. This ia the stoiy told of the sudden desertion of the camp by Mr. Home. TiA« will us if ibis be truth, he ha? Eromised to Teturn; and should we not behold im according to this promise in the space of three months, we shall know what to believe and what to doubt of his mysterious power. i Court Journal. EXFBAOBDBUST SEIZTTBE.-One of the most extraordinary and ludicrous scenos which has for some time been publicly exhibited occurred on Monday last at Thames Bank, Pimlico, arising out of the seizure of a travelling caravan, formerly belonging to Wombwell's Menagerie, by the officers of the "Westminster County Court, under a warrant of execution by the High Bailiff, for £10, in a suit, Clements v. Parkinson, the owner of the said van, wherein, with his -wife and four children, he dwelt. On the officers knocking at the door of the vehicle and attempting to push it open, they found it fastened, but the proprietor looking out of one of the windows and ascertaining their busi ness, refused them admission, at the same time showing them several loaves of bread and a large joint of pork, which he said, amid much laughter of those who had. congregated around, would, for some days do for "home consumption." The officers upon that commenced moving the machine to the County Court auctioneer's pre mises in Vincent-square, where it was refused to be received without the dislodgsment of its living freight. Under the circumstances a forcible entry of premises being illegal till after the lapse of live days, it was allowed to remain where it was, and did so till the Inspector of Nuisances took possession of it, but after, by his orders, it had been conveyed ten or twenty yards towards the green yard, its further pro gress could not be effected in consequence of tke wheels refusing to perform- their work. It being then in the custody of the Board of Works, through their servant, and out of the hands of the High Bailiff, the officers of that gentleman left it to its fate, and the matter will, no doubt, be the cause of litigation in ascertaining which party was right and which wrong. THE TEISH LABOUE MABKET.-Letters from the country continue to speak of the enormous advance of the rate of wages paid to the agri cultural labourer as compared with the stan dard which prevailed in the olden times of potato cheapness, and consequent inertness on the part of the working population. A gentle man who left Dublin last week, with a view of investing a small capital in land in the county of Gral way,returned hastily to to wnwithouteffectmg his object, the failure being attributable less to the heavy rent demanded for land of secondary quality than to the prospect of even a higher scale of wages being ere long general through out the west, unless some check is given in the meantime to the present rapid progress of emigration. The farmers, he says, large and small, are enjoying a state of prosperity with out parallel since the last great European war. Produce of every kind-beef, pork, mutton, eggs, and fowl-is realizing almost fabulous prices, anil, upon the whole, a person of restricted means could livj as cheaply in Dablin as iu some of the country towns" 100 miles distaut from the metropolis. Many farmers of the smaller class, holders of from 20 to 30 acres, although sharers in the general prosperity, show no outward symptoms of im proved circumstances. There is the same modest diet, the same humble dwelling, and no change for the better can be noticed in the dress of the men or women. To account for this, it is believed that farmers of this class are hoarding their money for the ulterior purpose of emigration either to the States, Canada, or Australia, whither so many of their friends and relatives have already pioneered the way for them.-Times. THE NEW PABK AT BiEirm&HAir.-The; new Park 'on the south side of Birmingham was inaugurated on the 1st of June by the Duke of Cambridge. The ground has been munificently presented by Lord Calthorpe,from whom the Park will be named. Monday was observed as a general holiday, and the town was decorated with streamers and various de vices expressive of the good feeling" of the people towards His Royal Highness. The Duke arrived about noon, and was received by the Mayor, the Sari of Shaftesbury, Lord Cal thorpe, Sir Harry Smith, the Bishop of "Wor cester, &c.; He was escorted to the Town Hall, and was cordially greeted by the crowds which lined the way. On arriving at the building the party lunched, and an address was presented to the Duke, to which he replied in the usual terms. Some other addresses-including one from the Council of the Midland Institute and another from the military arms trade of Birmingham-were tbea presented ; the Na tional Anthem was sung; and the Duke, together with the other noblemen and gentle men, started for the Park. The route was two miles in length; and the greatest enthusiasm was manifested all the way. Between 60,000 and 70,000 persons had gathered in the grounds, where a Balute was iired by a com pany of artillery as the Duke entered. The difficulty of finding a tangible ceremony by which to mark the inau guration was got over by TTia Broyal Highness, Lord Calthorpe, and the Mayor, each planting a small tree. The Duke then announced that the park was opened for the use of the popu lace. His Royal Highness proceeded direct to "Wydrington, the residence of the Mayor. In the evening tha Duke was entertained by the Mayor at a magnifiesnt banquet at Dee's Hotel, where 220 guests sat down to dinner. The Mayor also gave a free concert in the evening at the Town Hall, and a free Ball took place at the Music Hall. The entire expenses of all these entertainments were defrayed by the Mayor himself. PBESENT TO HEE MAJESTY.-The King of Portugal has just sent over to England a J present of cattle of a peculiar breed to Queen ! Victoria, consisting of a bull, two heifers, and a bull calf. The animals, which are of perfect | symmetry and reiy diminutive, standing scarcely forty inches high, are of a dun colour, and in fine condition. The cows are very -docile; but the bull, on being driven from the station to Prince Albert's Model Farm, at Frogmore, where they are now installed, ex hibited a disposition rather the reverse, and tossed an unfortunate donkey about his own siz3 which happened to come in his way. These lilliputian animals resemble the Aldemey or Jersey brsad, but are scarcely more than half the size. THE ATLANTIC TELEGBAPH.-The com pletion of 1,250 miles (one-half) of the cable for the Submarine Atlantic Telegraph by Messrs. Newall & Co. was celebrated at their works, Birkenhead, last week, by a dinner given to about 600 of their workmen, with their wives and families. Messrs. Newall commenced spinning the cable Feb. 18, and proceeded until June 8, when the 1,250 miles were com pleted. The cable consists of a strand of cop per wire, covered three times with gutta percha. The gutta percha is sewed from end to end with spunyarn, and covered with IS strands of seven wires each. There are thus 25,000 miles of strand, composed of seven times that quantity of wire, being a total of 175,000 miles of wire. The process of spinning occupied 80 days, 2,500 miles of wire being -used per day, and 350 hands being employed. The weight of the cable averages one ton per mile.-Some News. Many a pound is lost in the attempt to eco nomize" by excessive abbreviation in sending telegraphic messages. " Don't come.-Too late," was the message lately consigned to the electric telegraph in London for a famous accoucheur in Edinburgh. "Don't come too late," was the message delivered. Off posted the doctor to the English metropolis-only to learn that th« " little stranger" had received its " welcome " some days before his arrival. By experiments made during the last year by Professor Paizzi Smyth, at Edinburgh, with a series of earth thermometers imbedded in the earth at various depths, it was proved that there was a gradually increasing heat of one deeree Fahrenheit for every 40 feet of depth. so that at less than 2J miles water would boil, and at less than 100 miles deep all tilings must be in a state of fusion, A novel and amusing scheme has been pro pounded for exploring the vast unknown inte rior of Australia. Mr. Charles Green, son of the veteran asronaut of that name, proposes, in conjunction with J. J. O. Taylor, who has invented a screw- propeller, to explore the interior of Australia by means of the famous Nassau balloon. Ia the Court of Bankruptcy recently, Com missioner Fane said his attention had been called to a sum of £20 which had been returned to the estate of Leopold Rsdpatli. It appeared j that the Rev. J. G-. Howe, curate of Greenhow, : had written to Bsdpath shortly before his failure, soliciting a subscription for a church. The bankrupt immediately sent him £20. Mr. Howe now felt that he could not in his con science retain the money, as it must have been the fruit of fraud. A feiv days ago there died at Morne-park a horse that carried the late Sir Charles Colviile at the battle of Waterloo. The horse must haYe been at least 47 years of age, and was, perhaps, the last of the equine race present at that memorable battle. The Queen having been informed that Mr. Scott Archer, the discoverer of the collodion photographic process, had died, leaving ayoung family unprovided for, has been pleased to head a subscription for them by a gift of 20 guineas. The Photographic Society of London hare fol lowed with » grant pf #59. 