THE LORD'S DAY. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. SIR-I beg permission to reply to a letter on this subject which appears in your issue of to-day, signed "A Lover of Truth." And I do so the more gladly, because I heartily respond to the conclusion of the report of the Lord's Day Society, to which, as it has already appeared in your issue of the 13th, I for brevity sake would only refer. Your correspondent wishes for a proper answer to the question, " Is the Sabbath Day of the F urth Commandment andtheLjrd's D my one and the same ?" I would plainly answer that-as to the spirit of the command-the Lord's Day is, at present, the Sabbath Day of the Fourth Commandment. Your correspondent further asks the exact date where the person, by whom, and the authority on which the Sabbath Day of Scripture (w' e , of the Old Tes ament dispensation) was given up and postponed to Sunday ?" To this I may simply answer, that the change wasmade-at the setting in order of the Christian Church by the inspired apostles of our Lord after the descent upon them of the Holy Ghost upon the Day of Pentecost. I gather this from the fact that distinct mention is made of " the first day of the week as the day on which the disciples were accu ¿ tomed to assemble for holy purposes (Acts xx., 7 ; 1 Cor. xvi., 2), as well as from observing that, before the death of the last of the Apostles, a peculiar and appropriate name had been applied, the Lord's Day" (Rev. i. 10), while, in the fact that the Apostles were inspired men, I find sufficient authority for their conduct in the matter. I readily acknowledge that no public decree on the subject can be found in the New Testament. But I conclude from this, that the practice of the Apostles was so well known and their example so universally followed by the Christian converts, that no public decree was required. Besides, that such a decree would have raised an unnecessary ferment in minds still in some degree under Jewish prejudices. A question seems to have arisen, whether the last and the first days of the week were to be both observed ; but there is no trace of a question arising among the Christian Churches as to the due observance of the first day. I am here stating my own conclusions rather than the arguments on which those conclusions are founded. | These arguments have been so often repeated in different shapes and forms, that I can hardly con | ceive a , repetition of them here to be necessary. But, if any " Lover of Truth " desires to see them in an unanswerable form, he may with profit consult Bishop Wilson's admirable " Sermons on the Lord's Day. I regret that, in your generally correct report of the meeting of Tuesday last, the excellent remarks on the subject by the mover of the third resolution are but cursorily referred to. It has often struck me that the peculiar blessing which evidently rests on those nations, churches and individuals by whom the Lord's Day is religiously observed, is no obscure proof that their conduct in this respect is not otherwise than in accordance with the will of him who is the Lord of the Sabbath especially when we consider the judgments which overtook the Jewish nation for their disregard of the Seventh Day. Your correspondent does not appear to question the perpetual nature of the institution itself, though he does remark upon the inconsistency of some z alous advocates of Sabbath observance. He cannot regret such inconsistency more than I do, although I think that a careful study of such passages as Luke xiv., 6, might assist him in his enquiries. I will not, however, occupy your space further than by observing that, if it appears to a " Lover of Truth " that there is not sufficient authority for keeping the Sunday according to the terms of the Fourth Opm [ mandment, he must, as do the Jews, observe the Saturday I am clear on this point, that what God I I has commanded in an audible voice from Heaven, as a memorial of his own resting after the creation of the world and what he a second time wrote with his own finger upon a table of stone, cannot be neglected by us but at the peril of our immortal souls. I remain your obedient servant, T. E. G. Parramatta, August 14th. 