THE y SEA SERPENT" IN HOT WATER. (From the Cape Monitor 15th April.) No less than three Eastern Editors have been in hot pursuit after that slimy and evidently "slippery" marine monster 'yelept the Sea Serpent. Since that snake leviathan of the deep left Table Bay some time ago, and off which Bay it was said to have been seen from a " Green" Point it has, on dit, been agitating the waters of Algoa Bay, in which it sought a " harbour of refuge," and the Port Elizabeth editors have experienced much trouble and vexation of spirit concerning the fabulous monstrosity. First, we t are favoured with an account of the capture of the, Sea Serpent, which the Port Elizabeth Mercury sets before its readers as a dainty dish in the following terms :- , , THE SEA SERPENT.-" "We have the honour of being the first to chronicle the landing of that wonderful, creature, which has for so many years occupied the speculations of philosophers and men in general. Hitherto this extraordinary creature has baffled the attempts of every person to secure it, and the transitory glimpses of it which have been obtained from time to time have cast a shadow of doubt and suspicion upon its existence, so that even our most scientific philosopher of the day, Professor Owen, has gone the length to declare that no such creature could possibly exist. This should teach even the most profound to hesitate before they attempt to dogmatise upon any subject. We do not wish to be personal in our remarks, but our contemporary of the telegraph may, perhaps, recollect some parties on whom the cap may fit. Having premised this much, we hasten to lay such undoubted particulars before the public as have been furnish °d tons. During the week, Mr. Capper, the proprietor of the Sunday River Ferry, was informed by some coloured people residing on his farm, near Caps Padrone, that an immense fish had been cast ashore in the neighbourhood of that cape. Mr. O. at once proceeded to the spot, calling at Mr. Newcome's on his way, who accompanied him thither. On arriving at the locality indicated they discovered that this report was perfectly correct, But that instead of its proving to be a fish they were astonished to find a creature with a long serpent-like body, about from 80 to 90 feet in length; the head, possessing the properties of the reptile species, was enormous ; the mouth was furnished with a formidable row of serrated teeth on both jaws, which when closed detailed the one into the other. Finding that decomposition was already taking place, and that it would be impossible to secure the whole in a perfect state, Mr. Capper and Mr. Now come proceeded at once to sever the head from the body to preserve it. The head was then placed upon a wagon and taken to a neighbouring house, where it now remains. To give our readers an idea of the size of this monster we may mention that it was as much as ever the wagon could do to contain the head. Of course it was impossible to arrive at the true cause of the animal's death, but if one might judge from sundry marks discovered on the head, the creature must have met its death from some blow or blows. As to the truth of these statements, the public will shortly have an opportunity of judging for themselves, as Mr. Capper , intends to bring in the head and the skeleton of the body at an early opportunity. Mean- while we would caution our Cape friends from taking as gospel the many reports that will be spread about. They may rely, however, upon, our faithfully furnishing them with the fullest and most correct particulars in our next issue. We trust, also, to be able to accompany such account with a drawing of the remains. The name of Port Elizabeth will henceforth he famous in history as the spot where this wonderful a animal was first captured. _ ' Well, the above looks very well on paper, but it fails to convince the world that the Sea Serpent is a " great fact," how much soever., the Eastern editors may (squabble over its remains.'. The Port Elizabeth Herald makes the Mercury for having spoken without seeing, at the same time taking credit, of course, for its own powers of vision, and thus swears by its editorial pen that it has had ocular demonstration : " Our contemporary the Mercury exultingly boasts that he is the first to chronicle the fact of the capture of the great sea-serpent. Will he allow us to whisper in his ear that what he wrote was on hearsay from Mr. Kift who spoke on hearsay from Mr. Gibb, who spoke on hearsay from Mr, Capper. "YVc write of what we have seen With our own eyes we have beheld the monster now snugly moored in our Bay. The size exceeds the description of the Mercury, and something of the capacity of the animal may be conceived when we inform our readers that we have seen huge casks, and other like articles taken without breakage from the stomach of this monster. Like the Yankee's Boa Constrictor, the sea-serpent from what we have seen seems to swallow its writers whole.' Sight lovers should visit Port Elizabeth at the present time." This is not a bad joke on the part of the Herald ; it is a good bit of sly humour, alluding, as it doubtless does, to the vessel named the Sea Serpent in Algoa Bay at the time. But why the Herald should wish to decoy visitors to Port Elizabeth to see nothing more than ordinary we are at a loss to imagine, save and except that it is for the purpose of driving a trade à la Borniim. Perhaps this might suit the Herald better than politics just now. Although the dispute as above recorded is a very pretty quarrel as it stands," yet, the Port Elizabeth Telegraph must needs step in and interfere. It falls foul of its contemporary the Mercury with true serpent- | like venom, as though it were arguing the tender point of " Separation." and it disbelieves the story altogether of the separation of the monster's head from its tail, and the filling of a waggon with its head, which, by the way, is more than the Mercury could do with its own brains. Be this as it may, however, the sensitive Telegraph alludes as follows to the whole affair : ( " We have heard of men, with a view to promote the interests of science, leaving their bodies for the dissecting knife, but who ever heard of such a disinterested thing as has taken place on our own shores with- in the past few days ? While the world of scientific men were getting themselves to death to know whether there was such a creature as a sea serpent at all, and if there were, what class of animated nature it belonged to-do, and behold, out of pure regard to science, the docile creature comes during the past week and quietly lay down on our shores and gives up the ghost." For to suppose that Dr. Beard s shots would kill a creature such as this is absurd. Such an instance of intelligence and of devotion to the interests of science in one of lower animals, we believe to be unparalleled in the history of the world. Who does not recognize here, in a remarkable manner, the wisdom of a serpent ? What will Professor Owen say to this We trust that our contemporary of the Mercury has sent to that distinguished naturalist a copy of last week's paper. We have no doubt that the description of the serpent therein contained will find a place in the future archives of all the celebrated anatomical and other museums in the world. Only to think of the creature being " not a fish after all, but a " creature with a long serpent body !" Then what a cheek ! and what a length of jaw ! We feel that the editor must have had pretty considerable " cheek " to put in the report, to say nothing of the length of " law " of the friend who gave him the information. But what are these to the chest and jaw of the monster ? To give our readers, says our contemporary, an idea of the size of this monster, we may mention that it was, as much as ever the wagon could do to contain the head 11 Only think of Mr. Capper and his friend lifting such a cheek and jaw as this into the wagon and taking it home to place in spirits of wine ! Nothing, by-the-by, is said of the animal's " swallow. " We are told that the mouth was furnished with a formidable row of serrated teeth on both jaws which, when closed, dovetailed the ' one into the other, and that the head possessed the properties of the reptile species. Now, we believe that some animals have a large swallow, as well as great power of jaw, while others have considerable jaw and but a small power of swallow-as for instance the whale. It becomes, therefore, important that the editor of the Mercury, as he has undertaken to give to the world from time to time an accurate description of the creature, should ascertain this point. In the, meantime we must beg to refuse to " swallow " all our contemporary has written if he will forgive us the vulgar use of the word-and shall wait to derive from ocular demonstration the knowledge which this sagacious creature evidently intended by dying to afford to all. " Thus has the Sea Serpent been disposed of for the present. The modern Mark Antony in the form of the personal Port Elizabeth Mercury has delivered a flaming oration over the dead body of a slimy marine Caesar; therefore we. will say of this mutilated sea monster- requiescat in pace- until it, shall turn up again,-head or tail in some other quarter to astonish the natives. _ ' 