?; \\\'H'i: 13 TilE XEGltp B[i:VOIC;. Oir nncient supdratilio is wo.nderments are quitting ui one by o.oe, and. sO')n there will he no mys eries of ighorauce. left us. We caught oie lately gliding o/it of the doir of a laburitory ; but we held it fast, that we ?n ght examine it carefully, and I earn of science; tlie spell by whtcli it had laid at leant one of tlie ghosts which used to go aHout the world and. trouble men's minds with falsehood* and cruelties. P.o insfance, the n,-*Kro, and his, organic dif ference lo the white man — which was the ghost we caught at the laboratory do -r — li nv often have wa n it heard it gravely nr^ied, that his black hlo/jd is tha mat k set oi Ilia descendan's of O^in, or — on another fiiW— -the. sign of servitude by which the child ? en of iinrinhUoua Hun are to be known fwr ever. \Ve remember h'-w, in u'li- youthful hjvne, where aulho doxy and respectable superslit on were strong, any atte.npr. to explain the phi. siologx.-a) came of that bincknej'), would hnve been scouted ' as impiety, ani a presumptuous prying into the inscrutable ways of Providmice. Njw, however, times arc changed. Nothing is held lo be an uurendable riddle, from the formation ol' world* to the lnws of human life; ,auJ. in particular, the problem standing as our text, his assumed lo itself an Euclid in the person of a Dr. Draper, of New York, who, in a recent and most elaborate « oik on human physiology, undertakes to ex plain why the negro is black, and how lie becomes so.' And these are Irs steps: — Human blood is made up of certain corpuscules, called cells, which, am-ingst many other things, conuin g'obuliri — a a substance chemically between casein and.- a bumen, and hmmatiii. N»v hcu-naltn is red, and cmtains an inti nile amount of iron. One of the most important wheels in our in'ernal ma chinery is the lirer; and n healthy action of the liver is necessary for the healthy action of every other orjan and function. - And one of the duties of the liver is to help in removing Mm old and woru out blood- cells, while aiding at the same time, in the c instruction' of new ones; which duly includes the carrying out from the uystuin of all; excess of limmntin or irnn, A hot climate disturbs lhi- normal action of the blood ; also of the liver. The iinptrfect oxygen accom panying grunt heat nut only adds to the dirknesj of the arterial blood, but also, by the want of energet'c regpiratiti i which il involves, tends lo tha over falnuss and torpidity of the liver. By this inaction of the great clemsint; 'atgpiit, the hits nalin of the blood cells accumulates in the ays tern ; nnd, wandering restlessly about, having ni- place to g - to, and njjmsiuess there at all, it gradually takes refuge uud makes its settlement in the iuiver an I spherical cells of the cuticle: which it thus bronzes from orange tawny down to negro black, according lo the beat of the climate, ihe consequent' inactivity of the liver, and the nmount of haamatin left as refuse in the system. Whether this ex planation be true or no we leit-e lo sib l«r physiologists lo decide. B i I il strikes, us as noteworthy from its simplicity, and the nir of confidence with which it demolishes one of thd ancient mysteries nf ignorance. The base form of the skull — tHchiiic-illy the prognathous, or jaiv-^ protruding— of the negto, is also ascribed to the same cause. Tlie liver aids im mensely in the working and development of the brain ; and the brain moulds tlie skull — not the skull the brain. A man with n deceased or torpid liver never works healthfully, or with the full power of his mental organisation. And what is true of individuals is true alsu of races. Thus, the inactive liver of hot climates creates a smaller, less energetic, less finely orgau is'fid, and more basely developed brain than is found in the temperate latitudes ; passing gradually from the elliptical skull the Caucasian — the ideal man — lo the pyramidal head of the red or enpper coloied man, down to the lowest type of all, the prognathous, or jaw-protruding, skull of the ncirro; as the lined fall nearer or more distant from the equator. So, by this showing, poor Qu.ishie uvves, not only his skin, but his skull, to that un suspected liver of bis ; not only the brand of Ciiiit nnd the sign of sluveiy on his hide, but the cerebral . development and npe-likene93 which ignorance seizes hold of, as tht! cause and excuse of cruelty. The same reason lies at the other side of the extreme. In very high latitudes, where human life is nothing but a struggle with nature, the same copper colored skin and degeneration of Bku'l are found ns under the palm- trees and in the date groves, .where man may lie down beneath their shade,' and where- nature will feed him enforced. Again due to the same cause. Cold checks the aciionof the liver, equally with heat ; and the shivering Esquimaux owes to liis 'tyre.tche.il. (are and'slug-ish^ circula tion his social misery and natural de Dolateness, the 'excess of hro.matin which dies the skin, and the pyramid skull which marks his mental degeneracy ; just as ihe fiery sun nno\ the languid airs of tlie tropics brand, nnd disgrace the Mongolian and the negro. We npy be allowed, per hnps, to feel \ little, sceptical as to tlie fact that, upon the slate ot a man's liver shall depend in any marked degree the shape of his skull; but in our co union experience there is enough to dispose us to a little faith in the theory which con nects the liver of the negro, or the Indian with his skin. Ths black hair nnd dark skin which belong to what is called the bilious' or ihe melancholic temperament naturally occur to our minds. Only it is lo be unders'ood ilia', to attribute to the natives of tropical or arctic climates akins colored through anjr'dUorder of the liver, would he as great a tiiisiake as any man eould .nJake in reasoning in nature. It would b-i to suppose that niau was .crea'eti only,, for life in ihe temperate 70 le, ami that in the distribu ict'i of races there wns no divine deiign, no divine wisdom.— -House- hold TFwds. ?.;?? . ' ' 