BOWRING'S SIAM. BY PETER 'POSSUM. A REVIEW of the review of a worthless book might be compared to "A dream of the shadow of smoke;" but when the work is manifestly valuable, and the original notice well-executed, to compress into still smaller compass the salient facts contained in the latter, is ra- ther the re-distillation of an essence. I intend to perform this process on the Times' very interesting critique on what would seem to be Sir John Bowring's very interesting book on Siam; gilding my essence-bottle with reflections derived from other sources. When the would-be ornaments consist of Dutch metal, they may be safely set down as mine. Zeus in raising the horn of Amaltheia to the skies, seems to have spilt its contents on Siam, so prodigal is its profusion of luscious fruits and gorgeous flowers. Ferrier scornfully compares Dr. Reid, when philoso- phising, to "A whale in a field of clover," and "A fish out of water" has long been a proverbial expres- sion for discomfort. In Siam, however, fish travel for miles on land with ease and without discomposure; leaving the Nile-like river Meinam, and striking through the jungle to their country residences, its ponds and pools. Bangkok, the capital, is described as an "Oriental Venice": I fancy, though, that it must be what Hood called Rotterdam--a somewhat vulgar one. The Chinese are its most enterprising inhabitants. Sir John's remarks on these brown ill-favoured bees of the human race--ill-favoured in more senses than one-- that swarm out upon the world in search of the honey that their own "Flowery Land" is too bee-covered to furnish--are, in the present state of the Chinese question, English and Australian, extremely interest- ing. He states that in Siam, as elsewhere, they, Jew-like, preserve their nationality; mingling mechanically, not chemically, with the Siamese. In cases of inter- marriage, the offspring is of the Chinese type; and the children are brought up after the tails and traditions of their fathers. I observed an advertise- ment in one of our country papers recently for a husband. The advertiser "aged l8, but appearing 30," added as a postscript "N.B.--No objection to a Chinaman." The Siamese women are equally free from prejudice, and find their Mongol lords most loving. The trade and manufactures of Siam are in their hands--conducted according to the Chinese model. Sir John mentions the following, as an in- scription frequently to be met with over their doors, ''May the five felicities dwell in this abode!" He does not say whether the Cantonese on parle Francais ici, "We don't cheat here," can be dispensed with in Bangkok; but this he does say:-- "Let it not, however, be supposed that I look with any feelings but those of complacency upon the exodus of the Chinese from their native land, and their outpourings on all adjacent regions. I believe there is no class of settlers who, under proper control, are so likely to be useful; that the very quality, the passion for ac- quiring wealth, which leads them to dare all danger and difficulty, is a most valuable recommendation. Their own habits of subor- dination; their inborn and inbred respect for authority ; their gregarious spirit, which drives them into associations of every sort, private and public, praiseworthy and pernicious, only re- quire a thorough knowledge of their churacter to be turned to the best account." I commend the utterance to the notice of the "men of Buckland." The Chinese emigration is followed by a re-migration, something after the fashion of a galvanic current; a stream of population leaving China with the north-east, and returning with the south-west monsoon. Chinese and Siamese are both Buddhists, but with a difference. I think I can best indicate the distinc- tion by giving a summary of Maurice's third lecture on the Religions of the World. Beside the Priest in Hindostan grew up the Sage or Devotee. At first indifferent to each other, at length the two orders clashed. The Sage denounced the Priest; affirmed that Buddha, pure Intelligence, should be worshipped without the intervention of a haughty hierarchy, an hereditary caste. Driven from sacerdotal Hindostan, Buddhism went forth conquer- ing and to conquer the neighbouring lands. The fol- lowing is Mr. Maurice's theory of its doctrinal de- velopment:-- Starting from absolute Theism, it passed into abso- lute Atheism--not the Atheism of the fool, but the despairing Atheism of earnest and yet baffled quest; for man by searching cannot find out God. The visible Universe, like a loving mother leading her blind child to his distant father, rescued the Buddhist from this dreary creed of negation. She became a divinity, Dharma. Another power, Sanga, was de- vised as the mediator in her union with Buddha. Hence the Buddhist Trinity. Pantheism was the next step; the informing Intelligence and that which was informed were one. Man might be one manifestation of this Intelligence; saints or hero-worship followed. A longing for fixed symbols of this all pervading Pre- sence brought in idolatry. The belief, however, that God chiefly spake by man continued. In one man in a transcendent degree, it was imagined; Lamas de- cided on the Lama. The individual dies; but the office, like the king's, never dies. The mysterious unction is poured into another earthen vessel; passing, perchance, from an old man to a babe. In Warren Hastings' time a child of eighteen months received the English embassy his aged predecessor's letter had in- vited. The other Lamas presented the infant with undoubting faith as the representative of Buddha--the omnipresent God's vicegerent, or rather instrument. The national characteristic of the Chinese is love of order. He starts with a belief in society as man's normal state. He is trained to believe that he lives but to maintain it--he has no individual existence. At a time when this faith was under partial eclipse, Con- fucius arose as a reformer--a preacher of the "wisdom of our ancestors." Laoutsee, an old mystic, taught that the Divine reason dwelt in every man--that it might be cultivated until the whole man was brought into subjection to it. The doctrine was too visionary for the practical Confucius to embrace, but he made a practical use of it by subordinating it to his own. Confucius's doctrine was too material to quench the thirst of the God-craving hearts of men. He was deified, but that did not suffice. The Buddhist faith was imported into the empire, and, unlike most exotics, took deep root and flourished amongst the people. The mandarins, the Confucians, despised, and do despise it; but, modified by Confucianism and the Taou doctrines (those of Laoutsee), with the latter of which it was by no means difficult to harmonise it, it remains to this day the popular faith in China. I have done Mr. Maurice an injustice in substituting my own style for his, graceful and strong as a young Greek gymnast; but I think I have preserved his meaning.* A "Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals" would be a sinecure establishment in Siam. Poor men there throw up good engagements with Europeans as gardeners, through an unwillingness to destroy slugs and snails. Rich men buy fish that they may have the gratification of restoring them, as the penny-a-liners say of ships, to their "native ele- ment." Long nails are considered a proof of dissipation. A native Siamese writer asserts that the number of such long-nailed "fast men" is small, and gives us the proportion forty out of every hundred! The East is the very hotbed of superstition. The author of "Eothen " gives some curious instances of the way in which even "practical men" from Eng- land, when resident in Asia, succumb to the influence of a universal circum- ambient belief in magic, and adds these excellent remarks:-- "I think that in England we scarcely acknowledge to ourselves how much we owe to the wise and watchful Press which presides over the formation of our opinions, and which brings about this splendid result, namely that, in matters of belief, the humblest of us are lifted up to the level of the most sagacious, so that really a simple Cornet in the Blues is no more likely to entertain a foolish belief about ghosts, or witchcraft, or any other supernatural topic than the Lord High Chancellor, or the Leader of the House of Commons. How different is the intellectual regime of eastern countries! In Syria, and Palestine, and Egypt, you might as well dispute the efficacy of grass, or grain, as of magic." Some of the Siamese superstitions are very amusing. A nonsuit is the penalty for either party, in a case, who wears an amulet in a Siamese Court of Justice. Siamese magicians can reduce buffaloes to peas, get people to swallow them, and then, making the pellets resume their original dimensions, give their victims a regular blow-out with beef. Not an inapt type, I think, of the history of the late session. Certain mem- bers entered the house very small men indeed, but most magically expanded into roaring bulls of Bashan. "No cure, no pay," is the rule of the Siamese medi- cal profession. The following prescription would puzzle Mr. Norrie:-- "One portion of rhinoceros's horn, one of elephant's tusk, ona of tiger's, and the same of crocodile's teeth, one of bear's tooth; one portion composed of three part bones of vulture, raven, and goose; one portion of bison's and another of stag's horn; one portion of sandal. These ingredients to be mixed together on a stone with pure water. One half of the mixture to be swallowed, the rest to be rubbed into the body." The Siamese are chess-players and patrons of the ring, and--rather inconsistent this, it seems to me, with their previously vaunted humanity--are very fond of witnessing cock, fish, cricket, and ant-fights. The King is quite a literary man and savant, reads Euclid, Newton, Walter Scott; and is about to write a history of his reign in English--without assist- ance. I think, however, it would be well for him to get his friend, "Sir John Bowring, Night," to look over the MS.; for, although the royal caligraphy is pronounced equal to that of an engrossing clerk, the royal orthography (of which I have given a specimen) and syntax, also, are slightly eccentric. Finally, his Majesty is a Protectionist; and--like most other Protectionists, however sensible--when hard pressed in argument, he gets into a passion. * The Buddhist moral laws seem to be of a somewhat "from pitch-and-toss to manslaughter" description. Commencing with "Thou shalt not kill," they descend to "to walk in the street without having buttoned the proper button, and to enter a boat without unbuttoning the same button, are sins." The former clause of this last rule is, as Carlyle would say, of a very Anglo- dandiacal character. 