VICTORIAN ' INSTITUTE OF ARGIU i '. TECTS. 2 The ordinary monthly meeting of this body | JwaB held on Thursday evening at the Public F Works Office, Mr. J. P. Knight, the president h Spf the Institute, in the chair. left Before the business of the evening was on- I fired on 55 j The! PRESIDENT said that it had been suggested at the last meeting of their body that the utility of the Institute might be very much increased if they united with and fought the co-operation of the civil engineers of Melbourne, and a sub-committee was appointed to devise means of carrying out such an arrangement. The state of uncertainty existing as to the formation of the railway board rendered the time very unsuit- able for carrying out such arrangements, but he believed that at present the object of the committee might be more easily attained. He had been informed that several civil engineers in Melbourne had expressed a willingness and desire to join with the Society of Architects. Before any such union could be effected the rules of the Institute would require reconsideration and alteration; and he would suggest that, if the sub-committee sure to present their report, this alteration could be effected as their next meeting. After a short conversation it was determined to consult some of the most in flames tral members of both professions, and then to call a^specialmeeting of the Institute to con Elder the subject. NEW MEMBER. On the motion of Mr. Purchas, Mr. Ellerker was ballotted for and elected an associate of the institute. THE M,ABTEmEB.s' TRADE. M. TAYLOR moved The reception of a petition from the plasterers of Uolboumo, pointing out an injustice In the seasons mode of carrying out plasterers' contract. Ordered to be received. THE BUILDING ACT, Mr. CROUCH, the Hon. Secretary to the lu statute, then read the following paper in reference to the Building Act. The importance of the document is sufficient excuse for urging ing it in extenso. ft" Although, Mr. President and Gentlemen, I deprecate the practice so common of commencing to read a paper with a host of apologies that it is not better, I must in the present case, in justice to myself, observe, that although in the course of my readings and practice I have often observed discrepancies and absurdities in the act which is to form the basis of my theme this evening, I had never studied it with a view to offering any suggestions for corrections or alterations and since the meeting when it was so kindly announced for me by our esteemed President that I would make an onslaught upon the act which is so often looked upon as a hero, and which is often a great hindrance to improvement, I have not had that leisure to devote to its consideration which a subject so large a and important is justly entitled to. My paper this evening will therefore be received but as cursory In its observations, whilst, if it I provoke discussion and reduce some useful remarks, (my object will be attained, and I shall feel more than satisfied. , " before proceeding to criticise the present act, I purpose noticing briefly the supposed aim of building acts generally, and their history as far as I have been able to gather information from such works as I have at command. < * " The object contemplated by the passing of a building act should be, by proper regulations of the buildings of any town or city, to secure to the inhabitants all that may be necessary for the preservation of their health and comfort for with regret, we must confess that human nature as generally exhibited by men of the present day is grasping and selfish to the utmost, and unless some re- straint is imposed by legal enactment, many of the buildings raised for domestic or industrial purposes would be a pest to the locality. The mechanic and those of humble means, compelled to reside in the lanes and right of-way or back streets throughout the city, would be the principal sufferers from the careless indifference of their landlords, and on account of these, if on no other grounds, it is necessary that some law be observed for the regulation of buildings both as regards their cleanliness and security against conflagra- tion. " With reference to the history of building acts, I have been able to glean but little ; however, there seems to have been local improvement acts in existence, partaking more or less of the nature of' building acts, during the early part of the eighteenth century, but none worthy of note until the one passed in the year 1774, being 14th George III, chapter 78, and entitled An Act for the further and better, regulation of buildings and party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing mischief by fire within the cities of London i and Westminster,' &c.; This act was amended inthdyear 1810, in order to permit John's Patent Tenders to be used in covering of houses and buildings within the places therein mentioned. In the 3rd and 4th Victoria (1840), an act was passed For the Regulation, of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys.' All these were partially or wholly repealed by an act bearing the royal assent dated 9th August, 1844, and entitled ' An Act for Regu- lating the Construction and Use of buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood,' which last act, after considerable mangling and mutilation by the hands of two Councils, is handed to us as the 'Act for Re- gulating Buildings and Party-walls, and for preventing mischiefs by fire in the City of Melbourne, bearing the royal as- sent dated the 12th October, 1849. By the date it will he seen that we are indebted to the wise men New South Wales for this admirable production, Victoria having no separate Council at that time. I may observe, en passant, that the London, or Metropolitan Building Act has undergone more than one emendation since the year 1844, but I have been unable to obtain copies, or ascertain wherein the alterations consist. "The law which furnished the original basis of our present act seems to me to be open to fewer objections than the one which is supposed to guide the erection of the buildings in this city. Let us notice the objections in somewhat the order that they arise. In the Metropolitan Act the carrying out of its provisions was placed in the hands of distinct officers, and not huddled up with the Corporation, as in our act; a course to my mind highly objectionable. The Corporation has other and more legitimate duties to perform, and there is little fear of the officers appointed under a new act coming into collision with the employees of the civic authorities. There is another reason why the Building Act should be without; the control of the Town Council, which will manifest itself in our next objection. With reference to the maintenance of a registrar and other officers required under the provisions of a building act, contributions should be levied on the town fund, or raised in equitable proportions wherever the operations of the act extended.] and also by the fees of the office. I know there are some who would object to a building act almost in toto, and advocate a building commission to direct the raising of all buildings. They would have whole streets lined with houses having the same facade, forgetting that how I over beautiful any one thing may appear, its [continual repetition would be wearying to the eye, and become almost as great an evil as the scarculy-two^alike system at present in vogue. To a court or building commons bion appointed under a building act, with a certain amount of control over all buildings ! I can see no objection ; under the present act we have something of the kind in the official referees one being appointed by the Gover 1 nor, the other by the City Council whether the appointments should be so vested, I have [ not, however, determined on. " Our second objection is, that in the act I exceptions are made in favour of buildings, 'the property of her Majesty or of the Corporation. why exception should be made in their favour, I am at a loss to conceive. Why the Melbourne Corporation should be allowed to disgrace respectable portions of the city with low shanties, as at the market reserves a short time since, until compelled to remove them by the force of public opinion is or why her Majesty's Government should be allowed to erect buildings contrary to the provisions of the act, does not appear reasonable or just Under this exceptional clause the Council erected, or allowed to be erected, in one of the market reserves a mass of combustible materials, which were a nuisance to the locality a great injustice to the opposite neighbours who occupied at high rents, and had One day threatened to be the nucleus of a great city fire. This grievance is now happily removed still the exception clause remains under wlnohsuohaotscanbe shielded, and it may again be made use of. I have no notion of partiality without justice-of one law for rich, and another for poor-one for Kiaora the contrary for people. If the provisions of the act should be complied with by the nn place, they are also bound to be respected by the authorities, whether they be Govern mental or Municipal. In the 7th cause of the Metropolitan Act of MM, all building including loyal palaces, gaols, bridges etc are placed under the jurisdiction of the act which but a few exceptions are made in favour of works directed to be excused by "a act (of Parliament, and are named is one of life schedules to the net. >*>-' I object to the power delegated to the the City Council of extending the opera actions of the Act at their pleasure. I think this a step too important to be entrusted in the hands of a Council composed fis a Town Council often is. It should be alone delegated to the Governor in Council, and he should not only on petition from the Municipal or other local governing body. The whole of the Act seems framed in the most mystified manner, so that, would one understand his position, it requires sometimes no small amount of application to unravel the meaning of the many clauses, and it has long been said that the only real interpretation will be found In the Building Surveyor. The rules laid down in the schedule for determining the rate of the several classes appear to be framed in a very arbitrary and absurd manner, A building may be erected in strict accordance with the Act, all the partition walls being constructed of the most in- flammable timber. Another having brick partition walls, well built and banded together, cannot be erected any larger without increasing the thickness of its external walls so that there is every encouragement and inducement to erect buildings of the most fragile and destructible description. Again, we consider the Act is inoperative, and defeats its own purpose, when it allows an indiscriminate use of bricks or stone. One half of the eighteen inch stone walls in Melbourne are little better than heaps of rubbish, and in point of durability and constructive strength, are worth, less than a good nine inch brick wall. Where ground is of such wine as it is in Melbourne, this becomes a a subject of no small importance, if it is really necessary to the strength and security of a building that a portion of the walls should be eighteen inches thick, the work should be performed in a manner that would render it worth eighteen inches of ground, and not in such a manner that a less wall of brick would be more secure, There has fallen to my lot more than one case where, had I not been hampered by the late clauses, I should have been glad to have substituted a fourteen brick wall for an eighteen stone rubble wall, and where I am convinced the brickwork would have been preferable. The Building Act, however, will admit of no other construction than a literal interpretation. I may here remark that the rates in the Metropolitan Act of 1844, are more liberal than those contained in our net, especially in better class buildings, and seem to be framed with proper regard to constructive excellence." "Another of the inconsistencies of the present act is, that although with the approba- tion of the building Surveyor, you are allowed to form recesses in party walls, you can- not do so in external walls unless, indeed, you keep the backs of your recesses the full thickness prescribed in the amended schedule. With equal propriety it might restrict a building to a certain number of door and window words." i In the matter of party walls and divisions between properties occupied by different owners, the act is as good as helpless. About twenty clauses are devoted to one subject which in the end amount to nothing. Although the object is evidently to give the " building owner, after due notice, power to erect a party wall between the two properties, one clause so contradicts the other as to leave the matter in the greatest confusion, and I do not believe, were it desired, that the adjoining owner could be compelled to join in a party wall; even were that wall the re-erection of a lath and plaster partition, standing on the boundary line. And yet the clauses are worded with evident care, compelling you to give at least three months' notice, whereas, if your neighbour would join in a wall, there would be no necessity for such a formal notice, and if he would not, you cannot compel him, and consequently it is so much lost time. Do you want proof that one clause stultifies others, read the latter portion of the 53rd clause. In fact, the whole Act wants remodelling. I having already expressed are open and that the officers appointed to superintend the carrying out of the Act should be without the control of the Corporation, I shall, of course, disapprove of the present mode of appointing the official referees, and would have the Board enlarged and somewhat differently constituted. I certainly think that, considering the manner of their appointment, their powers, as laid down in the 75th clause, are by' far too large, being equal in authority to the Supreme Court in all matters brought before them. Against their decision there appears no appeal, for It must be enforced by the Court as though it were a matter submitted by the Court for their arbitration, with no J points reserved. Of course I give this as a non-professional opinion, and I may be wrong. I have now noticed some of the leading faults of the Act ; let us turn to it's shortcomings. In the first place the Act contemplates the safety of the inhabitants, yet it allows to be piled together, in one ponderous heap, huge masses of inflammable timber, covered only by as; dry and almost as inflammable a shingle roof, in the very centre of our population, in the midst of our most important houses of business, and surrounded by stores containing some of the most inflammable of compounds spirits, Where would be a ghost of a chance for a large section of Melbourne were a fire to originate some breezy evening in the yards of Edmund Westby and Co. ? I think warehouses for spirits and other inflammable stores should be placed under special supervision, and erected with care second only to powder magazine. It is true we have fortunately escaped any extensive conflagration arising from such an accident- and long may it he averted-but we cannot shut our eyes so the fact that there is danger. What, may we ask, added to the fierceness and fury of the burning mass which the west end of the city witnessed some eighteen months or two years since ? The highly inflammable character of the goods stored there. Again, while he wooden shed is allowed to be erected within the limits of the Act, there is no one who has authority to cause the removal of the tiers of empty packing-cases and other rubbish we are compelled to see in some of the yards back streets, and right-of-ways liable to fall an easy prey to the first fire which happens in the neighbourhood, and adding fury to the flames. "The manner in which the act has been ridden through by building wooden houses and then closing them round with stone, is so patent to all as scarcely to need mentioning and still the act is quite consistent with the letter, although in direct opposition to the spirit of the bye-laws for while you cannot build a wee den house within twenty feet of I your neighbour's, you are allowed, after receiving it in the centre of your land to add wing of stone or brick, making use of the wooden side walls instead of enclosing the whole with incombustible materials. At times it is exceedingly annoying that while weightier matters such as these are entirely overlooked o disregarded, the act and bye-laws are fastidiously nice about matters of but small importance, which are, to that gentleman's praise but said, attended to by the Building Surveyor with the most scrupulous exactness. i " There are many other points on which might dilate the arbitrary power given at the Building Surveyor, which, although he made very irksome in the hands of the present official, might be made very tyrannies in those of a person of a less conciliatory dil position-the inflammable character of shop fronts as a whole, and the desirability of in troducing a better system. I know that the architect has to contend against the prejudices of his employer, perhaps a draper, who would have all his shop front of glass, an would have him to suspend the upper stories in mid-air without any apparent substructure; and as the Building Act now stands, he must either adopt the wishes of his employer, or he will find some one who will. You cannot convince all ma of their folly. If you talk to them of the greater security against fire, their reply is, " shall insure ; so it little matters if the place I burnt down, I shall be safe." I fear suffered distinction is scarcely made by insurance cor panics between the rates chargeable upon bull logs erected with so great a proportion of woe and those with little or none in the extent finishings. Where the risk is lessened, surat the rate should be lowered. While, however a uniformity of rates is maintained, it will be a vain attempt to try and induce mat proprietors to see their real interest. " I cannot close this paper without adverted to the great desirability of a thorough system of sewerage, although that is scarcely with any subject : yet if we wish our city to ! healthy, we must have it and I consider b very legitimate subject for the Institute [discuss, and urge upon the attention of the Government, At present, every archie who builds in the city, especially in the low S arts of the town, experiences the g reate (faculty in carrying off the drainage of the premises; and considering the conversion and great sanitary improvement by the cn lying off other filth, which would be gained their general adoption would be a great boon to the city. "In conclusion I would suggest, that a committee be appointed to draw up the leading features of a new act which might: be su mitted to Parliament this session. It is i old adage, that " no one will assist us unie i X two endeavour to assist ourselves." This work is worthy of the Institute's attention, and would tend to raise the profession. Let then a committee be appointed to report at our next meeting upon the requirements of a new act; and let it be such an one as will meet with general approbation, be suitable to the wants of the city and capable of being carried out in every particular." The PRESIDENT said that Mr. Crouch deserved the thanks of the Society for the attention he had bestowed on the subject. It was he felt quite sure, easy to frame a building act possessing none of the defects of the present one, and yet easily comprehensible to the lowest capacity. With the view s>t better administering the provisions of such an act, he would suggest the appointment of a commission or board of referees, whose duty should be to decide on the merits of work. 3 contemplated. This board should not only decide on the propriety of alterations and improvements in buildings, but should in deciding on them consider the plan, of buildings and premises adjacent, so as not to allow of glaring inconsistencies. He would not recommend needless strictness in detail, but general features should be rigidly enforced. He would suggest also that the board in deciding on the plan of buildings, should be empowered to enforce sanitary arrangements. Mr. PURCHAS did not think that any single act could be so comprehensive as to meet every case. The appointment of such commission BE was suggested would, in his op Union be of far greater utility than any act that could be devised, as they could examine the plans and specifications of every building'. Under the existing act, the labours of the architect were a good deal directed to " dodging" the building surveyor. (A laugh.) The provision of the Building act that one 1 roof should not cover more than 20,000 feet was a mere absurdity, and this provision had in the case of Mr. Westby's premises neces stated the leaving of a large space in the centre, to the great danger of the whole s place. Mr TAYLOR thought that if the plans of all buildings had to be submitted to such a board as the one suggested, the public would i suffer from the delay. The commission should have peculiar or difficult cases only referred to it. The PRESIDENT would have provision made, not only for the security , but for the proper construction of a building. He would suggest that a committee be appointed to take the provisions of the present building into const I deration. After a short discussion, a committee, consisting of Mr. Knight, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Swyer, and Mr. Scanlan, was appointed. a - The President announced that at the next meeting he would read a paper on the want of proper public accommodation in Melbourne. The thanks of the members were voted to Mr. Crouch for his valuable paper, and the meeting terminated. 