RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT ON TRIAL. No one who has watched the working of the new political constitutions in the adjacent colonies, will he bold enough to say that he is satisfied with the result. In Tasmania party-feeling has already become so bitter that the Governor is believed to have assisted an incapable Ministry into power for the mere sake of spiting the Op position. In Victoria, Ministry has succeeded Ministry with a frequency only equalled by the increasing inability of new statesmen to obtain a shadow of confidence from the people at large ; whilst in New South Wales it "is declared, tnat> amidst the struggle of factions, the public busi- j uess—even to the passing of the estimates—has been delayed and neglected beyond all prece dent. The Herald says :— Now that the Estimates are finished, it would puzzle a Solon to find out what all the delay and irritation has been about. A comparison of the original Estimates with the Appropriation Uill will show changes cer tainly, in some instances considerable changes, but the alterations are small compared with the whole. There has been nothing done which might not have been done in half the time. For the volumes of talk that have been poured out there is little or nothing to show. On the face of them, the Estimates show no signs of such re-modelling its would account for their having occupied four months of the time of the Legislative Assembly. Had there been a buna file desire on the part of the Opposition to forward the public business, the session might have closed many weeks ago, much to the convenience of every body concerned. The end less string of motions ihat have caused delay has left no solid results behind. These vexatious interferences have pulled down 110 Ministry, and set up none. They have initiated 110 new policy, and discarded 110 old one. They have simply served as pegs on which to display the self-admired oratory of patriots too eager to serve their country. It is this Opposition—an opposition expending its lury upon details—that at prcscut is the bane of colonial Parliaments. I11 the case now referred to every item of the Estimates, from the expen diture of the lload Commissioners to the salary of a door-keeper, appears to have been seized as another last straw upon which the struggling Opposition hoped to swim into power, and thereby " save their country." The writer we have quoted from continues :— If any one should have the curiosity to look over the debates, he might be surprised to find that some of the longest and most acrimonious disscussions have related to some of the smallest item on the Estimates. But he would be very much at a loss to find out any prin ciple in accordance with which reductions have been consistently made. The only motive that is clearly discernible is that the Opposition determined on a general onslaught on the Estimates, resoved to cut down ruthlessly anywhere and everywhere wherever it was at all possible, without regard of proportion or propriety. This process of indiscriminate hacking and hewing has been performed preity much in the dark. The House had made no preliminary inquiry into the working of the separate departments. There was nothing to shew the duties and the strength of each, or to indicate where retrenchment might be safely made. But, in utter ignorance of what might be the effect of the reduction, lump sums l ave been knocked olf the totals. The Opposition, unable to point out where and how economy could be safely introduced, have cut a large slice off the provision made for sepa rate services, and left the Government to shift as best they could with the smiller sum allowed. If this course cmbarassed the Ministry, all the better. They might resign in disgust, perhaps, and then the patriots would come in. "With how much rashness many of the votes were considered, may he illustrated by a reference to the debate on immigration, when, in the rage for economy, the whole vote for that object was within an inch of being knocked over altogether, though increase of population is felt by every body to be essential to the progress of the colony. Such an " Opposition" as is here referred to— and the same evil is complained of in all the colonics—cannot, it is evident, be actuated by any other motive than a lust of power. It is composed probably to a great extent of men who have had a momentary taste of the sweets of | office, and whose ambition, having grown with what it fed upon, never fails to yearn for a rc enjoyment of the luxury. And, to bring the mutter home to ourselves, what chance is there that we shall escape this evil any more than our neighbours ? Let any reasonable man look through the list of names which the late elections have given us, and he will see how circumscribed is the field from which there will be any pos sibility of selecting a new ministry. But ad mitting that there are materials for one ministry besides that at present in power, what would such a state of things lead to, but the very evil we are now pointing out. I11 fact, it is this ex istence of two parties, where there are no mate rials from which other combinations may be made, that is likely to be so injurious. They will he divisions continually pitted against each other, always struggling for place, and each having as many hungry followers as King Priam had cousins. The reason why this evil is so likely to occur in our colonial Parliaments is that, in the very circumstances of such a country as this it is impossible, no matter how large our legislature may be, that there should be found any great number of men sufficiently intelligent and un trammelled from business to give their time to Ministerial duties. This, to our mind, is proven I to be the case in the two larger colonies; an | we foretell the existence of the evil here,^ it 13 ; not for the purpose of bringing forward untime y j objections, but of drawing attention to examp es i which we may, at least, endeavour to avoid. j Appointment.—We learn that Mr W. H. J Maturin is now made Ohiei Commissioner o Waterworks. Mr W. Hanson, Mr John Brown, and Mr B. B. Colley are also appointed Commis sioners of the Amalgamated Railway Board. Rumoured Discovery of a Coal Tield. On account of information sent to the Govern ment Offices by a man named Parr, to the effect that he had discovered indications of a coal nela , in the neighbourhood of the Burra, Captain Freeling yesterday left town to inspect the locality. Specimens of coal found are said to be of such a character as to leave no doubt concern ing the importance of the discovery. e man, as we understand, was cutting wood for he Burra Burra Company when lie stumbled on the prize. } Our Quartz Reefs.—A large supply of quartz j has been provided by the Gold Commission, j and about one hundred weight of it was crushed j vesterdav, but not sufficiently to show whether , there was gold in it; to all appearance there was j not. The machine, however, was net fully in j working order, as it will be to-day, and, on . account of that, ihe quartz was not so thorough ij j broken as it would otherwise have been. Domestic Depravity.—One of the very worst illustrations of our moral condition, yesterday occupied the attention of the Destitute Board. A letter was read trom the District Council of Noarlunga, recommending for relief a girl six teen years of age, who had an illegitimate child five months old. Thus far, the case is a deplor able one j but the letter goes on The mother of the girl is deserted by her husband, and the seducer is a married man with eight children. What a combination of iniquities ; Three ge nerations of depravity in this one case, ihe Board, as a matter of course, refused assistance; but what opinion, we should like to know, dees the District Council of Noarlunga hold concern in- the use of the public funds, that they should send the girl to the Asylum? A fitter place would be the Reformatory Institution. Thei.ate " Indignation Meeting." Welearn that memorials, embodying the extraordinary resolutions adopted by a meeting held some time since at White's Room, are actually being hawked about for signatures. One of them was even I thrust into Green's Exchange, and had been al lowed to lie there four or five weeks, though " was not signed by a single individual. Ibis was to be expected ; but in order to give a still more distinct expression to their feelings on the sub , iect, the subscribers to the Exchange forwarded i a requisition to Mr Green, to the effect that he insulting document should be removed from the ; building. The precious memorial has been ac- . cordingly kicked out. A Revival.—The ghost of protection is still wandering about the earth. It will be seen by the subjohied paragraph taken from lie Sydney Empire, that the Swan River political economists are outdone by their brethren ot New South Wales ; " A meeting of a few gentlemen favour able to this movement, was convened by circular, for conversational intercourse, at the hniu inn, George and Bathurst streets, on Thursday even in-, the 5th instant. Afn-r talking over the subject for an hour or two, during which much interesting matter was elicited, it was resolved that the meeting should form itself into a^Com mittee for the furtherance of the objects of the Protective League, and twenty-two gentlemen, mostly employers of labour, s -ned their Dames. The meeting was adjourned till 1 hursday even in- the 12th instant, when, uotwitnstanding the'wetness of the evening, it was well attended, and several other gentlemen added their names to the Committee, among whom were some country gentlemen then in Sydney. During the conversation the fact was spoken of, that several trades formerly carried on in Sydney, giving con siderable emp'oyment, had been all but abandoned, amon- which the rope-making may be mentioned ; and that the general dulness of all branches o. trade, and the great number ef people out of em Dlovment, were attributable solely to the free importation of foreign manufactured articles that could be made at home.^ Meeting adjourned till next Thuisday evening." 