roucK coinrr. KiiJnv, s'I' '^ iy. A.re Mallh. w I'-M DIU1NK A VI» lllMinnmil.Y. John Hall .iu<l ('.itln'i'iii'' ta-oy.a p-m of'I'M ..(HmkI.t--, ivcrt; lined -10? mm. three divs iinpris >nni lit. M. I l;irrit;mi. ICd.vard Punlield. ami llrnrv Gr.itt.iii, were charged t«v <:"" .itahle < :rillv with having ti. cn dnui > iind disorderly o,< Thursday iH-cni.-.g .it the *1 It appeared IVfini tin' evidencn of Mr Mill that tiii! prison rs h'd tenrrd tiiur way-into the Hritnnnia hotel about h.d.'-pnst ten o'clock at night, alt'-r the imn.reii were in bcJ, and h«iu created much alarm. Ilia Worship instructed the constable for the future to lay hi* in urinations in such crtscs tiilder the Vagriuit Act, to enable him to mvaril imprisonment for being found on the promises during die hours of night without any I.nvfiil excuse. The two first-named were fined each, nnd Gratton got off clear "is it was H it pi'oved tiiot lie iVas cither drunk or disorderly. ASSAUI.T. IVm, Elliot v. Luke Prettyman. ; Oil remand from Thursday. 31 r Iteefer appeared lor the de fence. ' ' ! The evidence in this case went to show that Elliot and liis wife were not living cm the most amiable terms, nnd lliat she had selected n protector in the person of Luke PreUyinaii, n diffgfer on tlie One-Mile. Oil the night of tile 5th instant Mr Elliot wiis not drunk but lie Irul got n "siiiell." aiid he hndiilsoa few words with his wife, who of course, ran away for her protector. Air. Pretlyman returned with Mrs. Elliott,to her limss', and insisted upon staving, against Elliott's wish, for. four .or five hours in the lied ruom, where Elliott anil his wile were lying in iheir cloth??. On the same nrirning (fitb) ICIIiott nnd Prettyman had a few words over it. Elliott said that liis wife would not look after Prettyman so much if he had not some good was-h dirt to wash up. Whereupon Prettym in makes a rush at him. Elliott holts around the house, nnd b quickly pursued by I'.-ettymnn, who picks up ii shin bone ..iiul hurls it with fearful effect at Elliott's devoted head. A ' witness swore to having seen die bone covered with blood, and with hair sticking to it. Dr. Crawford bore te.-timony to the .severity of the lilon', mid Elliott looked more like a ghost than a. human being -his hentl- buini; covered .witii white bandages, and his countenance ghastly pale.' _ . .Mr. Kcefer made strenuous efforts on behalf of his client, but the assault of tht; villanons scoundrel was too plninly proved lo leave uuy doubt in his favor. His VVorsln'p leinnrked that he saw no extenuating circumstances in the case, and sentenced the prisoner to one month's imprisonment, and ordered him to be bound over to keep the peace at the expiration of the sentence. ASSAULT. " ' John Reilly v John Stevens. Summons not properly served. A IVe.sh summons to issue for to-iriorrow (this day.) >' / . . ? rEiuuity. . .lohn C. O'Neil was brought up on reman^l,cha'r»ed wiih having committed peijury by falsely swearing to niv in-: formation. charging .-one. David'Brown, ol' Kilmnre, with having1 stolen a bul lock.. , The pttrt'culara of the case appeared in our issue of yesterday. Mr' 'Mtiyne, who appeared fur the prosecution, called flcnry Astling, bullock driver, of riebastnpol, ft young man" of res pectable appearance, whi de posed that ho knew the prisoner O'Neil, nn.t David B.own of Kilmore. itenu'inbered about 10th A-larch, lfljG, seeing Hrown yoke tip his bullocks,-at the back of the Kureku hotel, Sebas topol, where he was camped wi ll two other teams. . Saw him leave thu dig gings. Accompanied him as far lis the Bl Dorado, and was only a dityN st.ig< behind hitn all the way to Kilmore. Knew the bullocks possessed by O'Neil about that time. One wns n roan color, and the other was a red -'stumpy bullock: Bought the , roan bullock himself idiom the lOdi March, 185li, before hai>lart-.d for town, and O'Neil then told him tli.it IJrown had taken the red bullock,'which he would : also srll V> witness if he could get him. Was quite sure thfttJirown did not take ilie bullock. 'Brown could not have done it without witness seeing him do it. Thi3 closed the case for the prosecu tion. The prisoner made no defence. Committed to lake his trial at the Circuit Court 011 the 4th November nt xt. His Worship said that he would take bail in CI00, iini- <ir two -stir, tie . T e I risoncr r<t|ncitcd that tlif bail should be rnbtfv.'d to ilis Woishiji would do nothing < ft!>o sort. wa, very modeiate in Mtelt a c iS" 