OPINIONS OF THE COUNTRY. THE MORAL OF THE ELECTIONS. The Bendigo Advertiser comments upon tho result of the Ministerial defeats with its customary clearness and oominon sense : — The public have taken into their hands tho work of pruning the New Ministry ! We must, however, beg to dissent from the opinion that the defeat of Mr Wood at Brighton, or of Mr Chapman at St. Kilda, is a popular verdict of censure unon the O'Shanassv Ministry. Tho Jrgus not only concludes that tins ia tiie case with regard to the Brighton contest, but manages to associate Mr Mur phy'and his defeat for Melbourne with tho Ministry also. The only ghost of a reason which that agile reasouor furnishes, is found in tho cognomen of the 'Hibernian brewer,' and the statement that it was whispered at the polling booths, that Murphy was in favor of the O'Shanassy Ministry. We will not con descend to argue with reference to the latter case, and can only say, if our contemporary, with his knowledge of all the circumstances, really does believe that a va» uo impression of the Hibernian brewer's partizau ship with the new Ministry led to Ins rejection by the electers of Melbourne, that his logic is of a very pecu liar description. , For our part, we look upon it as an absolute fiction that the defeat in the case either of Mr Wood or Mr Chapman arose from a condemnation of the O'Sha nassy Ministry, though we may regret that there has not been sufficient public interest in the formation of a responsible Ministry on the part of the electors to induce a better support of those men identified with it. Mr Wood had clearly made himself personally obnox ious to the electors of Brighton, and their inclination in favor of the new Cabinet, was not sufficiently strong to induce them to forego their prejudice^. _ In a small scattered constituency like Brighton, it is not at all surprising that the 'local men should have man aged to secure a majority over a young barrister, whose only claim to notica was the fact that he had been nominated to a seat in the CabiDet. In the St. Kilda election the contest has boen of a more decided character, and the adherents of the Haines administration have more the show of reason in their favor in claiming the result as a verdict against the present Cabinet. But let the matter be well looked into, aud this interpretation will be extremely doubtful. In the former contest at St. Kilda, Mr Fellows was elected by a considerable majority over Mr Chapman. In the present contest the result is similar, but the prestige of victory has not given Mr Fellows tho advantage it should, bo that we may fairly infer that Mr Chapman's position was bettered by his connection with the present cabinet. But Mr Chapman himself was the deadweight, which not even the eclat of his position could rescue from following the law of gravitation. There is no denying the fact that Mr Chapman has declined very much in public estimation. But we cannot help considering that great want of judgment was displayed in his withdrawing from the contest for Melbourne, when he stood on a footing of superiority to both the candidates iu the field, for the purpose of contesting St. Kilda with an opponent by whom ho had formerly been defeated. Neither Mr Service nor Mr Murphy had given any indication of political usefulness or ability ; whilst Mr Fellows was rather a popular man, and although associated with the Haines Administration, he had no connection with the tyranny and mismanagement of former times, Although the result of these two elections ha3 been somewhat damaging to tho Ministry, we hava perfect confidence in the expression of public opinion. In the instances under consideration, Mr O'Shanassy had to some extent disregarded tho popular voice, and he has seen the folly of doing so. He acted injudiciously too in running such imminent risks in too great a confi dence in tho strength of his Administration. He will now see that the objections which have been taken to tho members composing his Ministry aro not altogether unfounded. He may stand excused on the score of necessity, but he must lose no time in placing himself right with the public. The Ios3 of these two law officers may, after all, prove to be no serious detri ment. They were weak parts of the Administration, and the Premier has now an opportunity of replacing them by men who will possess more of the public con fidence. The result of these elections may be the legitimate expression of public opinion. But it is as well to re member that it may not. In some remarks upon the new Ministry which follow this, a correspondent, who is in a position to know, has the following significant passage: — 'The hangers-on of the lato Ministry swarm the country in shoals, moving heaven .and earth to get up a cry iu its favor.' Possibly they may have been very successful at Brighton and St. Kilda ; and what we are disposed to regard as the free expres sion of public opinion, is the cry got up by the hangers-on. _^__^________^_ 