OPENING OF A JOSS-HOUSE AT BUCKLAND. The correspondent of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser furnishes the following interesting details connected with this event:-"The temple itself was about twenty feet in length by twelve or fourteen in width, neatly framed, the cornicing of both walls and roof being of canvas or calico; the inside has a flooring of boards, which was matted and carpetted in front of the altar or table in a small space of about eight feet square. The two side walls were each decorated by a scroll of Chinese hieroglyphics, at least ten feet long and about twelve inches broad. Immediately above the door was placed an ordinary-sized mirror, which was nearly gazed out of coun- tenance, as each one of the congregated crowd endeavored to get a peep of his ugly mug, the sight of which invariably brought a grin upon his face, not unlike that of a large baboon when presented with an apple. At the farther end, and fronting the door, stood a small table, shaded over by a canopy of scarlet-colored cloth, not unlike the size and appearance of a full draped modern window. Upon the table stood three ordinary ale-glasses, filled with some sort of liquid which looked too pale either for ale or wine. Each of these glasses was flanked upon both sides bywhat appeared to be a couple of silver-plated candlesticks. In the contre, surrounding a pyramid of fancy cakes, was the likeness of a hand,cut off at the wrist, three of the fingers standing erect, the other two were turned down, apparently for the purpose of pressing against the palm a piece of fruit, which appeared to be exuding a reddish juice-although what appealed to us as juice might have been a Chinese hieroglyphic sign indicating the meaning of the device. Whether it was by design, or the clumsiness of its manufacturer, the hand was neither a right nor a left, the five digits rising from an even base without the semblance of a thumb upon either side. About a distance of two feet from this table stood another of much larger size, which, at the commencement of the ceremonies was covered with n number of wax-looking ta- pers, which, after all, were but tallow, painted. The lighting of these was the signal for be- ginning the rites of the day. Small packages of wire looking reeds, about a foot long, were laid in abundance upon the table, each devo- tee selecting a portion, from three to a dozen, of these reeds. They approached the lighted tapers, at the same time igniting the reeds at the flame; then, retiring a step or two backwards, they bowed themselves three times before the toble and its contents, at the same time waving the reeds up and down with every bend of the body. This act finished, one of the reeds was invariably stuck in a bowl full of uncooked rice. Two small side tables stood flanking the doorway, at which the same ceremony was gone through, although with fewer worshippers. These reeds, when only a few of them were lighted, gave a rather agreeable aromatic perfume, but when they were ignited in hundreds the smoke was almost suffocating. This part of the ceremony was finished by firing, off a whole magazine of crackers, discharging of firearms, beating of drums, ringing of gongs, and clashing of cymbals. These, with the commingled voices of the crowd, who seemed to make a point of talking all at once, made altogether a chorus which defies descript- tion. Among the musicians was a fiddler, whose instrument and music was enough to raise the ghost of Paganini from the dead, in order to chase such a vile imitator of his noble art out of existence. The second act of the drama commenced by lighting up a much larger number of tapers, the ignition of a double quantity of reeds, accompanied by re- doubled bendings in front of the table. " About this stage of the business matters came to what might be termed a 'dead look :' there seemed to be a difference of opinion about the routine of the ceremonial; so loud and angry was the dispute that I felt pretty certain it would be decided by blows, and probably would have been, but for the intervention of what appeared to be their high-priest, at least the singularity of his costume indicated him to be so : his shaven scalp and long tail was covered by a hood, exactly resembling a monk's cowl ; a dark-colored jumper, of somewhat ample pro- portions, trimmed with fur about the neck, envelopod his upper man ; another garment of the same color and texture, was worn under the first, its want of fur being compensated by about four inches in extra length ; under- neath the second envelope, and about six inches longer, hung down a common rough striped shirt, a pair of coarse rough pants, a world too wide, encased his lower limbs, his feet being stuck in a pair of old shoes, whose ' envious rents ' gave ocular proof that the article of socks were not included in his ward- robe, or that they were dispensed with upon this interesting occasion. " His personal appearance was by no means prepossessing : withered and wrinkled, his grey and scanty beard stuck out from each side of his upper lip, having a pretty close resem- blance to the whiskers of an elderly tabby. At all events he in some degree succeeded in smoothing down the noisy tumult to some- thing like order, when an opening was made right and left from the door, a roast pig pre- sented itself, borne on high overhead by a bare- armed fellow, who seemed to officiate as cook; this was followed in quick succession by roast fowls, joints of pork, with a variety of other dishes, with whose contents and appearance your reporter has to acknowledge his utter ignorance. Fruits made their appearance in great variety, with cakes and pastry in various forms. Tea, with two or three dishes of cooked rice, seemed to complete the spread. Everything now being in readiness, the leading men and better dressed portion came forward, and knelt in front of the tempting viands. A sort of chant was commenced by one of the party, after which he pronounced two words, the meaning of which seemed to be ' Rise, kneel ; rise, kneel' &c.;, allowing sufficient time between the words for the action, which was generally re- peated nine times. I may state that these kneelings, or rather prostrations, were accom- panied in a great many cases by the devotees touching the carpet with their fore- heads. The nine evolutions being gone through, the worshippers rose, making three more inclinations with the head towards the now well-filled table. A few more words were chaunted at intervals, during which the lighter dishes were slightly raised from the table, the heavier ones being merely touched. I ought to have stated that upon the entrance of the viands two large candles, about twelve or fourteen inches long and nearly two inches thick, standing at the two extremes of the table, were lighted up, and, being decorated with gaudy-colored paper, covered with numerous Chinese de- vices, had rather a pretty appearance, the only drawbacks being the candlesticks upon which they stood, which were rough cuts of gum saplings, about twelve inches long and six thick, tapered a little towards the upper end an auger hole sufficing for the socket. "The third act was the reading of the Chinese records, which consisted of four vo- lumes, with two or, three small supplements. They were read with all seeming reverence, with a slow and clear utterance, each word seeming to be distinctly pronounced, which certainly was in striking contrast with the gabbling in which both the standing and kneeling part of the audiene indulged. " The reading over, the prostrations again commenced, the cowled official leading the service, which was now a little varied by a distillation of some clear liquid from the tea- pot. The worshipper held a common glass in his hand, which one of the officials partly supplied from the teapot. The glass was then waved in front of the table, part of its con- tents being invariably poured upon the ground ; the glass being again waved was re- turned to the table. All the dishes being again duly handled, the worshippers stood up. The old fellow indulged in a broad grin, talking a few sentences, in apparently a con- gratulatory mood, as much as to say, 'Well done, boys ; you can now bid defiance both to the devil and the barbarians.' During all the ceremonies, although the good things upon the table were often touched with the hands, nothing was allowed to approach the lips. Everything combustible which was used upon the occasion was reduced to ashes on the spot, including a jumper and oilskin coat, the latter blazed up pretty freely. I, at one time, thought the entire fabric and its contents were to be in- cluded in the burnt offering. " I am inclined to believe, from what I saw, that the Celestials are true fire-worshippers, and I believe that all the prostrations were made in honor of that element. The good things spread upon the table seemed to be arranged for the purpose of more forcibly re- minding the worshippers that they were all ushered into life, sustained, and perfected, by the great parent of heat,-the sun. " The act of pouring out the water upon the ground was no doubt done in order to show that without irrigation the earth would not produce rice ; yet still it required the vivi- fying rays of the sun to bring it to maturity. "I learned that in the evening there was a regular jollification over the eat- ables, aided by liberal potations, which pro- duced the common result, a glorious row, in which a good deal of Chinese claret was tapped, and ran pretty freely. Not having been present I cannot vouch for the accuracy of the wind up, but I am as- sured that such was the cousummation ERRATUM.-In a note appended to the re- port of the meeting of the Geelong and Mel- bourne Railway Company, in our issue of yes- terday, the word "is" was inserted by a printer's mistake. The sentence should have run thus :-" The only effect of his (Mr. Chas. N. Thorne's) words is to show that he can be equally ignorant or for- getful of the manners that befit a gentleman, as he has proved himself to be on one occasion of the duties of a host and a chairman of a public company." 