BRITISH AND FOREIGN GLEANINGS. THE MONSTER IRON GUN.—We look for- ward to the trials at Shoeburyness with guns of various calibre, ending with the large wrought- iron gun, against the floating battery Trusty, with considerable interest. It is reported that several officers and men have volunteered to remain on board to signal the effect of the shot. This may be true as regards the guns of less calibre, but we venture to assert that when the time arrives for trying an arm of so formidable a nature as the monster gun, no one having a care for his safety will dare to remain in so critical a position. Had the Mersey Forge gun been an untried weapon, there might have been found men sufficiently incredulous of its power to brave the danger ; but when it has been ascertained that at point blank, and with a charge of 50 lbs., it can project a 280-lb, solid shot 6,080 yards, and that is shivers a wrought- iron plate of the same strength as those pro- tecting the floating batteries as if it were a square of glass, there is reason sufficient to make them pause before incurring any risk. To test the power of the monster gun against the floating batteries is a judicious step ; it will show scientific men how far such batteries may be trusted in the day of danger, and it will teach the nation the value of this splendid weapon, for which it is indebted to the skill and enterprise of Liverpool, and the facilities on the banks of the Mersey for working large masses of wrought-iron. If the result is what we expect it will be, and the worth of the monster gun is made apparent by the destruc- tion of the Trusty it will be a question for the immediate consideration of Government whe- ther the effective strength of our naval and military establishments shall not be set on a permanent peace footing by the addition of more wrought-iron guns, making our offensive and defensive power so formidable that no nation shall dare wag its saucy tongue at Old England.—Times. BRITISH SHIPPING.—The shipping owned by Great Britain and her colonies in 1854, exclusive of India, numbered 36,348 ships, registering 5,115,846 tons, and employing 269,093 men. Estimating this tonnage at only £12 per ton, it would give a capital of over £60,000,000 as the aggregate value of the ship- ping ; but considering that there are now a large number of first-class steamers in our mercantile fleet, this value would be largely augmented. In 1842, the shipping registered for the United Kingdom and her colonies numbered 30,815 ships, measuring 3,619,850 tons, and employing 214,609 seamen ; so that in 12 years we have increased our shipping by a million and a half tons, which has given additional employment to nearly 50,000 seamen. Great Britain owns one-third of the entire ton- nage of the world, and year by year she is in- creasing her superiority, and adding first-class ships to her merchant navy, so that she will compare proudly with any other power, even with that of our Transatlantic brethren, who have a marvellous aptitude for increasing their nominal aggregate tonnage, and twisting sta- tistical figures to subserve the boasting pro- pensity for which they are a little proverbial. We have, however, no jealousy of any increase in their mercantile tonnage. Let them cover the face of the waters, inland and oceanic, with shipping—competition is the very soul of trade. Time has now become such an important element in business, that a ship must not only be of good capacity for stowage and seaworthi- ness, but must also have a reputation for fast sailing. It is after this combination of qualities that shipbuilders now strive, and there is no reason why the two essentials may not be com- bined with judgment and due adaptation to circumstances and voyage.—Mitchell's Mari- time Register. AUSTRALIAN TRADE OF LIVERPOOL.—The Liverpool Chronicle of January 3 states that during the past year 125 vessels left the Mer- sey, of an aggregate tonnage of 140,652 tons, while from the Thames during the same period 276 vessels sailed, of a tonnage of 209,012 tons. The average tonnage of the vessels leaving the Mersey was 1,125 tons, while those from the Thames averaged 750 tons each. Seventeen vessels carrying Government emigrants have been dispatched during the year from the Mersey, chiefly by the "Black Ball" and " White Star" line of packets. Nearly 7,000 per- sons were sent from Liverpool by the Emigration Commissioners. In the early portion of the year the emigration to Australia was very slack, but on the receipt of favourable news the tide again turned, and the third and fourth quarters of last year bear a striking contrast to those of the preceding one. Above 16,000 persons were conveyed in private ships from Liverpool. THE INCOME-TAX.—A single illustration places in the clearest light the injustice of the income-tax, as now levied. No professional income is worth more than three years' pur- chase. Few incomes arising from permanent property are worth less than 15 years' pur- chase—the product being as one to give ; yet the percentage levied is the same on both. Even supposing, however, that a professional income of £150 a year, capitalized, were worth as much as £500, while a permanent income of £150, capitalized, were worth only £2,000, what would be the difference, supposing the tax were commuted, by one year's payment of 16d. in the pound, upon the whole ? The pro- fessional man would pay £35. The owner of property would pay £140. Yet, under the existing law, they pay £140 each, that which is worth £500 being taxed to the same extent as that which is worth £2,000. This consti- tutes the glaring injustice of the income-tax. — Leader. THE LATE GALES.—Up to the closing of Lloyd's on Saturday afternoon, losses and casualties during the late appalling gales and snow storms were continued to be posted in the books. Indeed, it is some years since that so many disastrous wrecks have occurred on the coast. By the returns we find that up- wards of 400 vessels met with serious damage off the coast of the United Kingdom since our last publication, and of that number, at least 150 were driven ashore, and about 80 totally wrecked. The sacrifice of life was also in pro- portion, but of the exact number no return has been made. Amongst the additional losses reported is the foundering of the brig John French, of Rochester, off the Humber, with all on board. Oh Friday, the broadside of a ship of upwards of 400 tons was washed ashore in the vicinity of Reculvers, and the coast from the Margate beach to Herne Bay is strewed with pieces of wreck.. The accounts from the northern ports, and from those on the Welsh coast, are equally disastrous ; and on Satur- day the Empress, royal mail steamer, which arrived at Dover from Calais, brought in all the crew but one of the brig Helvellyn, of London, which was lost on the previous night. — Morning Chronicle, January 12. THE COMING SESSION.—Gossip is busy about the mover and seconder of the address in both Houses of Parliament. It is believed the Marquis of Townshend will either move or second in the Lords ; but Lord Palmerston naturally looks to peers like the Duke of Norfolk or the Duke of Somerset, the two highest members of the House in point of pre- cedence (save princes of the blood and arch- bishops), and possibly one of these noblemen may be the mover. The report which names the Marquis of Stafford and Sir William Fen- wick Williams, in connection with the address in the Lower House, is not correct ; but we should not be surprised to hear of Sir John Ramsden and Mr. Ridley, M. P. for Newcastle- on-Tyne, being the mover and seconder. As yet, however, nothing is settled. SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH FOR THE PERSIAN GULF.—It is with much satisfaction we are enabled to state that the Court of Directors have given their sanction to the construction of the submarine telegraph along the Persian Gulf. The portion of the line between Eng- land and the East Indies will be constructed by the East India Company, under the super- intendence of Sir William O'Shaughnessy, while that passing through the Euphrates Valley will be laid down by the Company bearing that name, and the remainder—viz., between Corfu and Antioch—is to be com- pleted by the Mediterranean Company, with the assistance of Mr. Brett.—Home News for India. ODESSA.—The defences of Odessa, and the strand batteries in particular, are entirely dis- mantled, and most of the latter are being de- stroyed by the waves which wash them away ; only a few remain whole, which were supported by basket-work during the latter part of the war. General Luders still continues in the town, but lives in close retirement. Several officers of the navy have received permission to proceed into France to inspect the marine es- tablishments of that country, and officers of the army have obtained leave to proceed into Africa to travel, and to witness the next campaign of the French army against the Kabyle tribes ; among these may be mentioned the chief of the general staff of the fifth army corps. EDINBURGH AND ITS LADY AUTHORS.—Of the books published in this city during the last week or two, it is a remarkable circum- stance that at least seven or eight are by ladies. The Scottish ladies have a more practical way, it would appear, of asserting their rights than their sisters in America. They do not engage in stump oratory, but spare their lungs and quietly assert their position by taking it. Among our authoresses who have just come forward in the field of Christmas literature are Miss Margaret Brewster, a daughter of Sir David Brewster ; Miss Catherine Bell, Mrs. Patterson, the author of " Dunellen Manse;" Miss Bailie, a daughter of the Sheriff of Stir- lingshire ; and " Aura," the daughter of a re- tired officer in this city. The last named is the greatest of the sisterhood, and has pro- duced a metaphysical novel which is sure to attract attention among thinking minds, al- though it may fill with unutterable disgust the ordinary novel reader. In itself, but more especially as the production of a young lady, it is perhaps the most remarkable book of the season.—Newcastle Daily Express. AMELYNE, A NEW ANÆSTHETIC AGENT.— At a meeting of the Medical Society of London, on Saturday evening, Dr. Snow read an ac- count of some very interesting researches which he has recently made into the anæsthetic, or sensation-destroying power of a substance which he has ascertained to possess properties similar to those of chloroform, and for which, he said, that it might be substituted with advantage in surgical operations. The substance in question is amelyne, a highly volatile fluid prepared chemically from fusil oil. Dr. Snow stated that he performed a number of experiments with it upon animals, and that he had also administered its vapour in above twenty operations in London hospi- tals with the most satisfactory results. The insensibility to pain was perfect, and in none of the cases was its use followed by sickness, sometimes - a very, disagreeable , consequence of the administration of chlorofrom. The anæs- thetic effects of amelyne are more transient than those of chloroform, which may, under certain circumstances, be an objection to it. It is not likely that amelyne will supersede chlo- roform ; but there is reason to expect that in a considerable number of cases it will be found to be a preferable anæsthetic.—Morning Chro- nicle. ALUMINIUM AS A BELL-METAL.—The new metal aluminium, of which so much was expected, provided it could be obtained with sufficient ease, does not quite maintain its old pretentions. It is now procured readily from the mineral " cryolite," which can be obtained in Greenland to any amount, and bulk for bulk aluminium may now be considered as one-third the value of silver. It cannot become a substi- tute for silver as an ornamental metal for vari- ous reasons. Its natural colour is blue and unattractive, and it tarnishes by exposure to the air ; moreover, it does not admit of being so readily wrought as silver. A new and curious application of aluminium is, however, beginning to take place. It is the most musi- cally sonorous metal known, the tone elicited from it by percussion being far more agreeable than the tone of the finest bell-metal. This fact suggests the employment of aluminium for the costing of bells, an application of it which is said to be now taking place. It is also pro- posed to employ wire of aluminium for the stringing of pianofortes instead of the steel wire now employed for that purp0se, and the tone from which, in addition to its natural deficiency at first, is further deteriorated by rusting.—Morning Chronicle. SIR ROBERT PEEL AND THE FOREIGN PRESS.—The French papers are much amused with Sir Robert Peel's speech, and give copious extracts from it, together with translations from the comments of the London journals. The Assemblée of Saturday devotes an article of four columns to the matter, but it is only remarkable for the floundering attempts made to translate, the Yankee expression " soft sawder." The rédacteurs of the Assemblée, who probably put their heads together and consulted all their dictionaries, give the result of their learned researches in the following note :—" 'It is all soft sawder,' an expression more American than English, and one which it is impossible to translate literally. ' Soft sawder' means a sawyer who handles his saw lazily, and does but little work. A ' soft sawder' is what, in the language of working people, is called un lambin, un grand lache, une poule mouillée." Having by this lexicogra- phical process obtained a choice of epithets, the Assemblée selects lambin as the most ap- propriate, and accordingly in the text of the article it is represented that Sir Robert Peel, instead of saying that the Grand Duke's frankness and cordiality was all " soft sawder," called him a " great drone" (lambin). The Independance Belge of Saturday says :—" Sir Robert Peel, who apparently desires to surpass the most complete specimens of eccentricity that England has yet furnished, has just made a speech at Birmingham which will produce legitimate indignation in Russia, stupefaction in Europe, and, to say the least of it, astonish- ment in England, notwithstanding such ephe- meral success as may be inferred from the frantic laughter of the audience before whom it was delivered. This speech, or rather lec- ture, is a grotesque narrative of his journey to Russia last year, to be present at the corona- tion of the Emperor Alexander, by the son of the statesman of whom Great Britain is so justly proud. He turns everybody into ridi- cule—Admiral Napier, the Grand Duke Con- stantine, the Russian functionaries, the moujiks, and the entire Corps Diplomatique then assem- bled at Moscow. Sir Robert Peel made his audience laugh ; but we do not perceive what advantage he expects from his conduct, either for his country, himself, or the Government of which he is a member. POLITICAL REAPPEARANCE.—It is pleasant to see again in political life, and on such an occasion—that of the right to distribute ad- dresses of candidates amongst the electors— the name of Odillon Barrot. His name is as- sociated with the cause of peaceful reform in France, as distinguished from that of violent revolution. His Reform dinner overthrew the Bourbon dynasty. He has often been com- pared with O'Connell, and has much of his talent for party organization and of his popular eloquence. Many qualifications fit him for the leader of an internal movement adapted to the present state of France. Let but such a move- ment make progress, and it is scarcely probable that Louis Napoleon will put it down by a re- petition of the coup d'etat.—Weekly Dispatch. LAW MAKING EXTRAORDINARY.—The legal profession in Scotland have been this year pre- sented with an Act of Parliament ordering pro- ceedings to be adopted in forms, set forth in a schedule. But the schedule contains no such forms. In the new County Courts Act certain Judges are provided with the salaries set op- posite their names, and two of these find that they are awarded the large sum of £0 0s. 0d. A WORD IN TIME.—In occurs to us, by the way, to ask on this occasion, how long Prince Alfred of England is to remain in Germany ? There can be no objection to his making him- self acquainted with the masters of the petty courts, and the folks that obey them, as well as any other specimens of human zoology. But we utterly object to the Prince, next in succes- sion to the Prince of Wales being in anywise Germanized. There is no process this nation would more thoroughly loathe. Whoever is likely to occupy an influential post here, to say nothing of any distant chance of inheriting the crown, must be in all respects an Englishman. Nowhere could such a personage be imbued with ideas more unfit for administering our constitution, or taking part in our affairs, than in the German Courts, great or little. More- over, every encroachment of absolutism abroad makes it more incumbent on us to watch the citadel of liberty at home.—Weekly Dispatch. SUNKEN WAR VESSELS AT SEBASTOPOL TO BE RAISED BY AN AMERICAN.—A Boston paper says :—" John E. Cowen, Esq., of this city, who is now in Russia, has just entered into a contract with the Russian Government to raise the ships-of-war and other vessels, 52 in num- ber, sunk in the harbour of Sebastopol at the time of the siege. It will be remembered that Mr. Cowen, under contract with our Govern- ment, succeeded, after repeated efforts of British engineers had failed in raising the wreck of the United States steamer Missouri, sunk in the har- bour of Gibraltar. Mr. Cowen will commence operations in the harbour of Sebastopol next spring." DISCOVERY OF SAXON GRAVES.—A discovery of considerable interest, throwing much light upon the funeral rites of our Saxon ancestors previous to their conversion to Christianity, was accidentally made during the past week in the garden attached to the residence of Mr. Charles Carill Worsley, at Winster, Derbyshire. While lowering a bank of earth for the pur- pose of making some improvements in the pleasure-ground the labourers uncovered two graves at the depth of upwards of four feet from the present surface, each containing a human skeleton, lying on its right side with the knees drawn up and the head pointing towards the north-east. A careful examination of the place and the object there discovered affords evidence of the interments having been made in the following manner :—A wood fire was in tbe first place lighted upon the ground, in or around which some large stones were put so as to become calcined ; this being burnt out, the place it occupied was cleared for the reception of the body, which was then deposited in the position before mentioned, along with the implements and weapons of the deceased. The calcined stones were next piled carefully over the corpse, and finally earth was heaped up above the whole, probably while the ground was still warm. The first skeleton was accompanied by a small spear-head or knife of iron, much cor- roded, and the lower stone of a handmill, anciently used in every household for grinding corn ; the latter had passed the fire. With the second interment was found the upper stone of the same mill, very neatly wrought in sand- stone, but split to pieces by the great heat to which it had been exposed. Some pieces of a very coarse vessel of plain earthenware were found near the head of this skeleton, and behind it lay a large spear-head of iron, 2 feet 10 inches long, a curved instrument of the same metal, five inches, originally fixed in a wooden handle, the bone ferule of which still remains, and a ring-like bead or decoration of a light- coloured porcelain, about one inch and a half in diameter. The whole of the articles ex- humed from these graves (which may be assigned to the Teutonic or iron period, inclu- ding the time from the end of the fifth to the eighth century, A.D.), by the kind permission of Mr. C. Carill Worsley, have been deposited in Mr. Bateman's museum of antiquities, at Lomberdale-house.—Times. CASTINGS FOR AUSTRALIAN STEAMERS.— We find the following in the Glasgow Herald :—" At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 30th of December 60 tons—40 cart-loads—of pig iron were put into the cupolas of Finnieston Iron- works, and by 4 o'clock of the same day this enormous mass of metal was in a condition to be poured into the mould. This mould con- tained in one mass the engine-bottom, including two condensers, two chambers to receive the air-pumps, as well as feed and bilge pumps, and pillow-block for main shafts. The length of the mass which had to be cast was 24 feet 6 inches ; the breadth 10 feet 6 inches, and the height 9 feet. The casting, when taken from the mould in the course of six or seven days, will be 47 tons 10 cwt.—the largest casting, as far as is known, ever made in the world. Let our readers imagine, if they can, two huge cupolas, employed from 7 in the morning until 3 in the afternoon, melting pig iron in small portion of from four to six tons at a time, which had to be occasionally removed in mon- strous crane-carried ladles to a hot air recep- tacle, to be ready for running into the huge and cavernous mould. Let them imagine the great shed of Finnieston Works filled with anxious Titans, with long iron rods in hand. Let them suppose Mr. John Neilson, calm and immovable as another Colossus, standing beside a canal of two feet wide, and as many deep, through which the fluid iron must run, and all is ready for the grand work—the casting. Mr. Neilson speaks in low but decisive tones—the cauldron of fluid iron is tapped, and forth pours the dazzling stream of melted iron, while at the same time a crowd of workmen at either end of the foundry stand beside huge ladles, each containing about six tons of melted metal, ready to fill up any crevice which may not have received a supply from the receptacle we have already named. The word is given, and on pours the stream ; and no sooner has it begun to fill the mould then forth rush volumes of inflammable gas from a thick forest of iron tubes which are studded over the surface of the earth which covers the mould. The workmen to whom we have referred apply their white hot rods of iron to these ventages, and instantly there blazes forth a mass of light blue flame— the combustible gas which is thrown off from the mould by the immence mass of molten iron which bubbles and heaves below. This done, a crowd of men commence poking their iron rods among the mass of iron in the mould by openings left for that purpose. By this process they allow air to escape, and ascer- tain whether the melted iron has filled all the crevices of the would. Let our readers ima- gine this mass of iron thrown into the mould, 60 tons in all, pouring in a torrent which is ex- hausted in one minute 45 seconds, and they will have some idea of the work, accomplished under the superintendence of Mr. John Neil- son, on the day in question. We have only further to add, that this is the second casting of the same kind in the same work, and the engines for which, it was cast are to be fitted up for the new Australian line of steam- vessels." " A TERRIBLE TALE TOLD ROUND A CHRIST- MAS FIRE."—A sickly-looking young man, who gave the name of Walter Booth, aged 19, at present an inmate of the Islington Workhouse, but who was formerly a butcher, was placed at the bar of the Clerkenwell Police Court, before Mr. Tyrwhitt, charged by James Arnault, a pauper in the same establishment, with com- mitting a murder under the following extraor- dinary circumstances :—It appeared from the evidence that at Christmas several of the men in the Islington Workhouse were sitting round the fire, and for the purpose of amusement agreed to tell tales or relate wonderful events. Some told ghost stories and others murders, and it was observed that while the first murder was being related the prisoner be- came very uneasy, groaned loudly, seemed very much troubled in his mind, and ultimately left the room. On his return one of the men was telling a laughable story, and although it caused a great deal of laughter, the prisoner seemed duller than usual. The prisoner, when asked what was the matter with him, said he had committed a " most horrible and atrocious crime ;" that it very much troubled him ; that he could get no rest night nor day ; and that wherever he went or whatever he was about, the thoughts of the deed he had committed were always uppermost in his mind. Every- body now became anxious to hear the parti- culars, and the prisoner was advised to "repent" and make a " full confession" of his misdeeds. The prisoner, after some hesitation, then said that two years ago he was walking along the banks of the Regent's Canal, the afternoon being very dark and a slight fog prevailing at the time, when, being short of money and hav- ing promised to go out with some friends, he was determined to rob the first person he met. He had not proceeded far before he met an elderly man, very respectably attired, and of him he demanded his money or his life. A struggle ensued between them, they fell to the ground together, but he being young was quickly on his feet, and oh ! monster that he had been, he took out a butcher's knife (he produced the knife from his pocket, and drew their attention to marks of blood that were still upon it), and plunged the desperate steel deep into his victim's body ; he drew it out recking only to replunge it deeper ; he saw the blood flow beneath his oft- repeated strokes, and when his victim was quite dead he coolly rifled the pockets, taking from them a quantity of loose gold, a purse contain- ing several notes, and a gold watch and chain. He then threw the body into the canal, and having watched it disappear, he proceeded to meet his friends. He had not proceeded far, however, before he began to reflect, being still on the banks of the canal, and could almost, with the same knife, have stabbed himself, and died consoled with the idea that no one would ever find him out, as he intended to jump into the water after using the knife. But he thought afterwards that he had better not take his own life, but would go and have his spree with his friends, intending afterwards to repent. He went out that evening, got drunk, and was robbed of the whole of the money which he had become possessed of so foully, and the image of the slaughtered man always haunting him, caused his illness, in consequence of which he was then an inmate of the workhouse. He also further stated that he had since visited the spot, and saw upon the brickwork marks of the old man's blood. Ar- nault gave information to the police of what he had heard, and they upon an examination of their books found that about the time the pri- soner stated he had committed the crime, and near the spot indicated by the prisoner, a body of an old man was taken out of the canal, but he was supposed never to have been possessed of much money, and there were no marks of vio- lence or stabs found on the body. The body then found was that of the father of a police- man who happened to be in Court on other business. In answer to a question from Mr. Tyrwhitt, the witness Arnault stated that he had had a quarrel with the prisoner. The prisoner, who is very ill, and in a consumption, said in defence that it was only a " terrible tale" which he had told round the Christmas fire for the amusement of his companions, and he never thought he should have been given in custody and locked up for it. He was entirely innocent of the charge of murder. Mr. Tyrwhitt said, after a long and patient examination, that there was no ground whatever for the charge. It was evidently a Christmas story, and he should discharge the prisoner. A CLEVER TRICK.—The Courrier des Etats Unis gives the following account of an arrest which took place on board the steamer Arago, the day before she left New York for Europe. On the 28th of October a person named Louis Albrecht presented himself for the third time at the office of M. Fauche, an importer of watches, to complete the purchase of a number of those articles which he had looked at on some previous visits. Having selected what would suit him, he requested the invoice, which would amount to $2,105, to be made out. Albrecht was accompanied by a young man about 17 or 18, who, like himself, spoke French, and whom he introduced to M. Fauche as his nephew. When the bargain was con- cluded, M. Fauche was about to put the watches into their cases, when Albrecht stopped him by saying that he had brought a small box with compartments ready to place them in. When the watches had been so arranged, and the case afterwards tied round with a string, Albrecht requested to be allowed to put a seal on it, saying that he would leave it, and send his nephew to pay the money and fetch it. At this mo- ment the nephew requested a shopman to go out and buy some cigars. M. Fauche was thus left alone, and when he turned round to get a light and wax to seal the case Albrecht substi- tuted for it another exactly similar which he had kept concealed under his cloak. When the seal had been affixed and the purchaser had left, M. Fauche took up the case to put it in a place of safety, when a suspicion entered his mind, and, gently lifting up the corner of the cover, he saw the case contained nothing but small stones. M. Fauche immediately gave information to the police ; but all their searches were in vain until the day before the departure of the Arago, when, on M. Fauche going on board with a friend who was proceeding to England, he perceived his customer. He im- mediately collared him, and gave him into custody. The man's luggage was landed, and on its being searched 13 gold watches were found, and a sum of $200. It appeared that, on leaving the office of M. Fauche, Albrecht went to New Orleans, where he sold part of the spoil, and then returned to New York to get off by the Arago. He keeps a millinery and embroidery shop at Havre. " ANOTHER FASHIONABLE ABOMINATION." —The use of belladonna is now unblushingly advertised to " give brilliancy, vivacity, and the power of fascination to the eye." The announcement is heralded by a puff about its use by the " ladies of Asia," in harems and else- where, which argument would be as appro- priate, with a slight geographical alteration, should any enterprising jeweller seek to intro- duce the wearing of rings through the nose. The " brilliant eye" being due to the influence of belladonna in contracting the iris, and the enlarged pupil forming a greater contrast to the white of the sclerotic, while it allowed a larger field for the reflection of light from the lens, would necessarily require a strong light for the development of its brilliancy and powers of fascination. And a strong light, with a paralyzed iris and an enlarged pupil, is the best conceivable way to weaken and de- stroy the delicately beautiful action of the organ of sight. The brilliant eye would as surely be followed by dimness of sight and blindness as the sunlight gives place to the nightshade.—Lancet. 