METROPOLITAN GOSSIP OF THE WEEK ENDING 12TH JANUARY (From the Liverpool Albion.) Six months ago the torpor of the times filled ; the member for Sheffield with holding of an explosion, for the same reason that Laurie Todd'B Canadian boatman suspected the propinquity of a cataract whenever the stream was peculiarly place. What does John Arthur and his square knights of the round table, in King William-street, City, think now? Nothing is doing, nothing is to be done. Set are our do-nothing as self-satisfied as though each had performed the twelve labours of Hercules. And have they not rivalled at least that particular one of the dozen relating to the squelching of the triple - headed barker below stairs? That Snarley Yow of a dog fiend was probably the guardian of some subterranean administrative reformatory association. Nevertheless' was he mesmerised by the mythological Mr. Hayter of the day, our Treasury Secretary, by the way, being a fac-simile of Orpheus, that is to say, of Sinclair, when the vocalist used to personate that remarkable stock-yard black mover some score years ago. Roebuck is no longer a stag at bay, with the beagles of Downing-street boring him flank and rear. Rather is he a stag of another breed, intent upon game of his own, in the Deep Sea Fisheries line, or like ventures, wherein the legend pro bono publico resolves itself in to an assiduous concernment respecting Number One. Who indeed cares for anything else just now, or is likely to care hereafter? Day by day the indifference to general matters grows greater. The only interest awakened is coaching the principle of pillaging the public in the manner for which the bullion burglars, Redpath, and the rest, are to begin on Monday next, to be qualified as tlchotof-leave men at the earliest convenience of the prison authorities. Never was there, so total an insensibility to party politics, if such things be extant., Any combination of any section with any other is accordingly quite possible at any moment and it is only the hope of something singular in that fashion that invests the coming session with the smallest prospective anima- tion. Accordingly the talk of a dissolution has well-nigh died out. Why should there be a dissolution ? There is nothing to dis- solve upon; or, if there be, there are plenty of private elections coming off to test the effect of a general one. But enough of these has? already taken place to show that the issue would be useless; and that St. Stephen's to-morrow would be the St. Stephen's of to-day, so far as the position of parties goes. There's that patentee of all foreign mares' nests, Baillie Cochrane, just returned by those short-sighted Highland seniors, the electors of Mr. Millenium Owen's paradisaical county of Lanark, and he hadn't a word to say against 1 things as they are. The reason why, we may be quite sure, is, that there isn't a word to be said, that is to say, in a sense advantageous to his guide, philosopher,, and friend,, the member for Bucks, whose own journal to-day describes the peace at Paris and the chloroforming of the SWISs squab- blows as having brought about nearly as halcyon a condition of mundane matters as if the Asian mystery itself had been solved. Not a syllable has Benjamin's henchman or print said of the Canton cannonading with a view to blow up the Juvenile for his old de- tonating tricks upon the miserable celestials. Several good patriot lawyers in search of place, as all patriot lawyers always did, have I been taking soundings as to this Boca Tigris business, so as to see it they can make Government uncomfortable enough to give them something snug, in the mode of which Mr. Anstey, as already observed, is so exemplary I a specimen, though that very forlorn hope of the diddled Poles, Mr. Phinn, of the Admiralty, with his £2,000 a year and a house for life, is a still better one for Chisholm, though ten times the abler of the two, is regarded as a poor adventurer who merely sold himself- fan-like, for a foolish figure; where- as Phinn. is quite respectable, a member of Brooks', and altogether a most discreet purchase on the part of the judicious. Thesiger, it is thought, may take up the affair, if only to show his independence, which has lately been impugned by his acceptance of an honorary post at the hands of the Minister, and more particularly as he is reported to be sick of the Maynooth mummery, which will be all Spooner's own this session, if Beresford doesn't dispossess him of the championship, as it is thought he will. But there is a way of turning even so fierce a lion as the first major. All great men have a weak point and the Major's, it seems, is to be considered a courtier, for the very Irish, and therefore in him very natural, reason, that he is about the most uncourtly piece of humanity that ever perambulated on two legs, or rather in two sticks, as it should be said when he has got the gout, as he generally has of late, and a veritable Diable Boiteux is he in that condition. Beresford, it appears, despite his tremendous toryism, holds a place under the present Administration. It is a matter of no great moment, as you may imagine, except to himself, and principally to him because of the 12s. 7d, per week attached to it. What do you suppose It is? Why the mastership of the tennis-court. Well, but there is no tennis at court now? Albert, though ever ready to take every ball upon the hop, except a cannon-ball, wouldn't dream of knock- ing his lily palm against a lump of rolled worsted, covered with soiled leather ? Very true there is nothing to be done. Wherein consists the Major's particular pleasure in being paid for doing it and, to his credit be it said, he doesn't employ a deputy for which forbearance your nnanial refers tier's should tender him a vote of thanks, especially as they must be in such a philanthropic frame of mind now, after getting that legacy of a thousand pounds out of poor Collett's eighty thousand. But the office enables the Major to go to the Palace, and storm as he can storms at the out-of-door underlings, and thus astonish the country cousins and the country voters from Essex whom she takes within those privileged precincts with the air of a man to whom the whole establishment belonged, his bumpkin guests believing him to be the highest personage in the realm but one or two. Now it is understood to have been whispered by that very knowing Colodonian, the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain, to his Vice, Lord Ernest Bruce who, being deaf as a post must have been addressed in a whisper as loud as a pocket pistol report, and therefore most probably within earshot of the post holder-that if the Major doesn't adopt a very minor key about this annual theological nuisance, he will find himself in the condition of Mr. Falvey, of Southampton, some fine morning, for reasons that will be readily understood in every well regulated " House- hold." Beresford, blustered Uko, is just the man to be amenable to coercion especially coming in this shape, which at once assails his purse and his amour propre. Palmerston, who knows his man-what man of woman born doesn't he know? has doubtless hit upon this ingenious device for getting rid of the Maynooth born at once and for ever for if it is not reanimated now, during the lifetime of Spooner, who is extremely old, and looks infinitely older than he is, it will die a natural death at the end of his natural life. Then will Dens and Liguori become as complete strangers in Palace-yard as Guy Fawkes' ghost, the November hunt after whom, with the Serjeant-at-Arms' dark lantern, and the fire-brigade out of the lobbies of both houses, has at last come to an end. But the consummation thus calculated upon will depend a good deal on the corresponding abatement of zealotry on the other side and in that direction some- wholesome signs are visible. Not only is Mr. Bowyer moderating his quondam ultramontane tone in talking of things secular, but his Eminence also Is stopping from out the Flame nian Gate" with much less Leonine strides than formerly. One very remarkable evidence of a desire to propitiate Protestants Is, that, for the first time, there is this year no list of perverts in the official publications issued under his sanction and what is more, it is announced that there will be no such list again, so as to avoid public irritation or private annoyance. The proximate cause, or excuse, for this is probably the error, or the alleged error, about the reported conversion of the Duchess of Atholl. But perhaps the suppression of ' ' these catalogues will be productive of more of the very mischief deprecated than if the ordinary course were followed; for these lists were some check upon rumour, as names not to be found in them might at least be safely assumed not to belong to them ; whereas now, there being no record of any sort, anybody maybe reported as having " gone over," and nobody can trace the report to a responsible source for the purpose of specific contradic- tion. Be this as it may, however, the mur- men among the black sheep of the Establish- ment still spreads. To-day there is announced the appearance of the plague spot in an alarming direction, a member of Euclid headed Cambridge having followed the example of so many of soft-hearted Oxford, and owned the witchery of the Babylonian sorceress. The backslider is named Oakey, most probable brother of the Cardinal's Oxford piece of ordnance, the Canon of the same name for this predilection runs in families, as witness the Wilberforce, though Samuel, Chancellor of the Order of the Garter, is still able O Bay home soil, c, to all who call Ulai a, Roman in Greek disguise, . otherwise a | Puseyite playing, Tanist. In reference to this distinction 'twixt tweedledum and tweedledee, or what is said to be such, 1 ' Belgravia continues to be convulsed, j and the theological lobbies of the district keep up an enormous oaterwauliuî I under their particular parties. The relative of your late electoral friend, Liddel, is still | the butt of the orthodox Bull, who, led by Mr. Churchwarden Westerton the librarian (a gentleman equally skilled in turning a penny in this world and keeping a large credit account with the next), assail the suspected ! rector and his seven contaminated curates ! incessantly. This is partly because of their own time, but chiefly, It would seem, because of their late reception of the aforesaid Samuel, Bishop of Oxford, withflorlcultural and other organised devices at St. Paul's, Knightsbridge, . Pamphlets are poured forth almost everyday, but mostly on the anti Liddell side, for the friends of the innovators eschew all direct defence of their practices, and leave their spells to work on the sensibilities, if not on the sense of the parishioners, and seemingly < with satisfactory results to such tactics, to judge from the crowded congregations who I flock to the fold of the tattooed pastors. I In reference to ecclesiastical curiosities, a good deal of eagerness has been expressed in Sacred circles, and some very profane wagers made therein, touching the status of the dowager bishops, London and Durham, ( now laid on the shelf. What it was asked, if would be their titles? now should they be addressed? What is their precedence? In short, what are they Plain, private gentlemen, dignitaries of the Establishment, anything, 01 nothing ? It was thought that God would throw light on this obscure point'; but that luminary for the new year, leaves pain as dark as of old. He gives us plenty about Tait, but nothing about Blomfield. He tells us, among other things, that the former is related, at least on the side of his better half, to Smith O'Brien a matter of some consideration, per baps, seeing that the descendant of the Bom is getting impatient to settle clerical affairs in the sister kingdom by kicking (step) mother church from the Fairhead of the Island of Saints, to the Devil's Punchbowl, at the tail thereof. Tait it appears, to | only just turned four-and-forty, being thus half-a-dozen years younger than Oxford, whose juvenility was hitherto among the distinctions of that distinguished Re- claimed. It further appears that Tait has 100 livings in his diocese, whereas Blomfield find but 90; but while Blomfield's nominal income was £1/,700, (it was really double that, and much more, nobody could over tell how much,) Tait's is about £10,000, and there are no such pickings as his predecessor had. As regards the see of Durham, the number of livings, 71, and the nominal amount of income, £8,000, are the same under the new dispensation as the old. But whereas Maltby was a millionaire, Longley will never be a very rich man. The real riches of the Ophir riferous see of Durham were in the mines, that is the Area for the renewal of leases. , Maltby fined and refined these fines to the last possible straining, leaving nothing whatever that he could possibly extract to his successor, not even a chair to sit down upon ; -a literal fact, or rather very near being one for so intent was he upon realising everything capable of being made to yield a penny, that he had ordered the old episcopal chair, at Auckland, to go to the hammer. The night bours, however, wouldn't stand this knocking down, and declared they wouldn't attend the motion if it were attempted. This piece of intelligence proved a heavy blow to the prudential prelate, who, as Mr. Fonblanque would have said in his old analytic days, was probably desirous of trying in his own person the scriptural experiment, as to a rich man's difficulty in getting into heaven being equal to that of a camel's passage through a needle's eye. However, having a lynx- eyed immediate profit, he vacated his claim to the chair and that, and that alone, of all the goods and chattels in the Palace, after an occupancy of twenty years, did this thrifty patriarch often 87, and with several thousands per annum pension, resign to his successor! Surely after the times are coming back again fast. j But what has all this to do with the three larity of the old bishops? Why, nothing and it is a matter of some importance that it has not. For instance, supposing you wanted address this primative personage, who, recollect. is Lord John's very own recipient of the H letter, and were to call him "My Lord Bishop of Durham, it is clear you would be open to the penalties of premiers, and the Attorney General only knows what beside, under the Aggression Act; seeing that there is only one bishop of Durham known to the British constitution, and that his name is Longley, not Maltby. But then how are you to address the latter? You wouldn't call May Mr. Maltby." and it would be just as disrespectful to call him Doctor Maltby. What, then, are you to call him? Dad doesn't Bay; and when that branch is dumb, let no one open his mouth. But if this be a dilemma in the newspapers, only fancy what it would be at a dinner table! Imagine the predicament of a master of the ceremonies, even Sir E- Cast, with all his knowledge of the complexion of cravats and the cut of waistcoats, in marshal- ling the way to a festive or five Tai scene. A lord bishop who is a bishop no longer, but may be a lord, though he doesn't wear an apron ! Think of it, and tremble at the sacrilegious ideas that will come into one's head at the thought. Does the lordship The in the apron strings ? Most knotty entanglement ! What does Mrs. Bishop say to it not Lady Bishop, mind î you. There is no such thing. A bishop's lady and a Lady Bishop are as dissimilar as a horse chesnut and a chesnut horse. Mrs. Maltby and Mrs. Blomfield were never Ladies, that is ladies with a capital L, when their husbands were lords. What must they he now when their husbands are the Lord knows what, and consequently their halves can only be the half of that? Not only Dod but the Red Book, and all the green, yellow, roan, and rainbow coloured times that treat of subjects of this sort are silent on this ticklish topic. It is one for which there is apparently no precedent; and without price dent what can be hoped from such Solomons as our routine administrators Frederick Peel perhaps might root up semi cases in point. Something of the kind must have occurred in the days of the Heptarchy, when Oanniwolf, Wolphelmus, Ethelwulf, Cuthwolf, and other similar endearingly named lupins shepherds, sheared each other- and their flocks with surprising celerity. But Frederick is henceforth hors de combat as a man of war or of peace either. That dreadful speech of that crackaífc-ained head of the house, Sir Robert, the off day, has driven him out of his wits not long journey, perhaps, but still sufficiently so to be most distressing. He will never get over it. Old Sir Robert's son, old old Sir Robert's grand- son, to make a jackpuddingof himself in this fashion, it is too awful I A thousand to one he'll take the Chiltern Hundreds, and go to China, or risk the catching of a Tartar at home in matrimony, or do something that will amaze mankind and make the women 1 state, though, as he is a first-rate match, the denis can hardly open their eyes wider than at present to his proceedings. He thinks there must be something supernatural in it. His pious brother-in-law, Lord Villiers, is reported to have predicted that something shocking would come to pass when Miss Peel I became Mrs. Camoys; and Frederick must deem this appalling speech to be shot shock- ing something. Perhaps it was about that the Cabinet Council was held yesterday. Creptowitz, or Oroptowliiskey, as Osborne calls the new Russian picnic, must have been foaming like a wounded walrus since Wednesday morning, at the Billingsgate of the Junior Lord of the British Admiralty towards the High-Admiral Of the Muscovites and his threats must have been as agreeable I to Clarendon as Mr. Birch's importunity for money, or else -. No doubt it was that vary valorous K.G, that real conservator of peace at any price, (in cash or character,) who called his colleagues together to know what was to be, what atonement could be made to the outraged Constantine? . And not to him only, but to Persigny, for the scandalous scurrility upon Morny, which at all events for ever closes the door of Albert Gate, the French Embassy, on the Tamworth 'Thersytes. So, too, with poor little Vander i Weyer, who must have collapsed into the size | of Tom Thumb, (he is nearly that already,) when, he read the brutish ridicule of his countrymen and his master's representative at Moscow, the Prince de Line. But the in generous Robert here reckoned without his cost. He might, perhaps, have lampooned the Czar and all his serfs with impunity; and a cut at the Napoleonic dealer in pictures and a diplomacy would have been tolerated, and S oven relished in high quarters. But a sneer at Uncle Leopold's ambassador, and at his Iforty-Albertine swelling insignificance," is another matter altogether. So the robustness [baronet will discover before he is much older, and he is five and thirty now an age at which Lola Montes herself will be disgusted to hear that he hasn't ceased to be as great a goose as she found him in Switzerland a dozen years ago. Had she caught him chattering about "the engaging' Circassians," and being nearly engaged by two of them, she would have treated him to a percussion ary singing sensation in that portion of the anatomy where the brain, in those who have not any, is generally supposed to be deposited; but, as it was his ears received only the grateful bye-laws of sympathising yokels, among whom must be in cluded that very curious chip of a remarkably singular block, to wit, young Lord Leigh, of. Stoneleigh Abbey. What if Sir Robert's well-studied speech, which would do in place of Sydney Smith's " Noodle's Oration" if one wanted to illustrate Bentham's " Book of Fallacies" anew, were to break up the Cabinet? Results as serious have sprung from caused nearly as ridiculous before now. How the Cabinet was got together, nobody knows ; but everybody would know how it was knocked to pieces, if P's were the hand, or rather the jaw, to do it. " He who fired the Ephesian dome outlives the pious fool who built it, The baronet's official position does not allow him now to make himself ridiculous on his private account, as he did when George Frederick Young foretold what would become of him with an accuracy that would have made the prophet's fortune if it referred to domestic wheat instead of wild oats. All sorts of apologies will be demanded from the First Lord of the Treasury for the last Lord of the Admiralty. Will the First Lord dismiss the lost lord? If not why not, and what will be the consequences ? if he do not, there is no redress so far as the public are concerned for who will tackle the protege of the Premier, who presided at his wedding breakfast, and threw an old shoe for luck after him and whose luck it has brought we behold. Then, too, is he not the personal friend of the leader of the Opposition, at whose first levee the baronet, with that rare delicacy which has distinguished him through life, presented himself obsequiously, charming the eyes of mankind with the fact next morning that the Son and heir of Sir Robert Peel had been dancing attendance over night on the Right Hon. Benjamin Disraeli? Oh, that Bright were back again, to cut up that speech, and scarify those who didn't cut down the speaker ! None but John could do justice to the work or do the work of justice. May the "spicy shores of Araby the blest," or the curse, whichever it be that he is in, and each is the same drug in Apothecaries' Hall sense, here meant, impregnate him with Herculeanly hygienic essences, till he is as strong as the Nemean lion or, as he hates heathen animals as he does a Turk or a Tory, let us say as strong as the strongest Nuiuidiau lion in whose neighbourhood he probably is at present. Then, when thus strengthened, let him his home, and attest his experience of the desert. In times of old, and perhaps now too, and he may have witnessed the fact with his own eyes, the sick lion healed himself with the blood of an ape. Let Bright enter the Westminster menagerie, and if he be not quite convalescent prepare to apply the sinuous sanguiniferous remedy. Then, as he begins the sacrificial preliminaries, will there be chattering and mowing as though that " wilderness of monkeys " alluded to by Shylock when he spoke of Leah's lost ring is heard on all sides and then, not for all the turquoise that the junior Lord of the Admiralty said he was " done " out of in Russia, would any sentient being he in the predica- ment of Sir R. Peel, Bart., M.P. A FAILURE or JtrsriCE.-A case tried lately before Mr. Baron Bramwell, at Maidstone, calls for some observation. A. young man, described as a gentleman, is soon with a knife in his hand, probably very much the worse for liquor, and utters what is termed much nonsensical bravado. He meets with one of the women who go by the name of unfortunates, and, without any previous knowledge of her, thrusts the knife into her body, inflicting a wound of a very painful, if not dangerous character. Of the fact there could be no doubt and the question raised by counsel for the prisoner was that the jury might, if they pleased, convict of the offence of unlawfully wounding which is a misdemeanour, instead of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, which is a felony, The learned judge intimated an opinion, that the evidence did not support the graver charge and the jury taking the milder course adopted that view, and the conviction for unlawful wounding being recorded, the sentence was one year's imprisonment. And it should be added, that a handsome pecuniary compensation was tendered to the injured woman. Now we are not altogether satisfied with the sequel of this affair, nor with the law of the judge. Con- ceive the act itself. A person goes forth with a dangerous weapon drawn ready for mischief, not using it to prevent apprehension, not in self-defence a very inappropriate term under the circumstances-not inflicting a stroke carelessly, but wantonly plunging it into the first person he meets. The youth of the accused might be urged in mitigation only 18 years. But a youth of 18, an Italian, was hung at Winchester last week for his share in a murderous transaction. Supposing that death had ensued in this case, what would have been the character of the deed ? Drunkenness is held to be no excuse ; utter want of provocation affords matter of aggravation, and a man must be taken to be cognizant of his own acts. Insanity must, therefore, have been resorted to. to save the criminal. We look on this light sentence to be in accordance with the system now prevailing of making too much allowance for the vices and outrages of the time. We must advocate a return to a more rigid principle, to a better ap- portionment of punishment to the offence por ) petrated. We do not believe that the lenient sentence passed on this young assailant, will have the effect of warning and deterring others from the like violence. It is not a striking penalty for so flagrant an outrage. Then, as to the judge's ruling, weueed not remind our readers that this punishment of three years' imprisonment or less for unlawfully wounding, is no older than 1851. If be here that year a person had sallied forth with a drawn weapon, and had inflicted aftespo rate Injury, would not the case have assumed the character of felony by grievous bodily harm ? Would the offence have come under the mere category of an assault because the intent to commit the particular wrong was a absent? Every man before 1851, was hold to be cognizant of his own actions. When the i lad set fire to the mill, he was considered in a law to have meant to burn it. So, if a man rushed into the streets, and thrusts his fellow through the groin, he must be held to have I intended the grievous bodily harm set forth in the statute, especially if he should say, " How would you like this?" If it was accident, he would be entitled to an acquittal ; but, if not, we hold that it would be a felonious net. We are desirous to keep men awake in these violent days to the duty and necessity of repressing crimes in the most summary manner possible, and that is by speedy, certain, and efficient retribution. Globe. A NEWCASTLE DIALOGUE -The Darlington Times gives the following cure conversation between two acquaintances, quickly passing in the gateway of the Central Railway Sta- tion :-" Hoo is to' ?" " Fwcsh." " Bairns ?" Oliwaw." "Weyfe?" " Stunnin'." " Stun I in'," we protest against, as a Cockney corrup- tion of our native Doric. " P'yert" (pert) is a juror word. See two put men in the Bottle bank, with shining Saturday faces, " Hoo is to?" exclaims Will, steadying himself on the downward road. Tom, gladly pulling up the hill of difficulty, replies, with a grasp of the hand. Oh, pert" a lively epithet, and expressive withal. SCENE IN A RUSSIAN VILLAGE. Silent groups of serfs propped up the walls of the house a l'Irlandaise, waiting till the chapels were open, or till they were tired of resting them selves, all clad alike in sheepskin coats and long boots, the women being only distinguish- able from the men by their caps, the absence of beards, and greater bulk-I had almost said stature. The townspeople splattered along the narrow and irregular save in those wonderful long skirted frock coats, the notion of which they seem to have borrowed from the Jewish gaberdine, and in those flat and ugly caps with huge peaks, the fondness for which is characteristic of the Russian race. Stands ing by the kerbstones, over the ankles in mud were several of the most miserable " objects of charity one could find in all the ragged return of mendicancy, was Kept up a low in notorious whining for alms, thoroughly professional, and so irritating as to drive the bar dest hearted of men to throw his last copeck away, to escape its infliction. Beggars of the- game, they were indeed ; old men and women in rags of undistinguishable fabric, their heads covered with the folds of the coarse sackcloth which descended over their shoulders as a substitute for a coat, and their feet as we could see whenever they moved, thrust into rude Bandais made of birch bark, plaited together. Two prisoners in chains were, with their escort, crossing the mud of the square almost as miserable in aspect-God knows how far they differed-as the unclean animals whom they displaced on their way Their guards differed in no respect that we could see from the common soldiers of the line As they passed the door, one of the poor beggars who was standing by the wall fumbled amid her old rage, and, drawing forth some small copper coin, gave it to the younger of the men who seemed to take it without either surprise or emtijMdc.-Journeyfrom Moscow to Odissct by Dr. Russell, of the Times, ', 