RHYMED APHORISMS AND BITS OF PHILOSOPHY BY CHARLES HARPUR. I. WISDOM NEVER WOOED IN VAIN. Though we cannot make Wisdom our mistress for aye, We can surely attain To woo her so well that, when meeting, we may Always know her again: And that knowledge alone will so certainly tend To some needful reflection, or peace-giving end, As to show us that none ever woo'd her in vain. II. THE EGOTISM OF POETS. Though Bards be egotists, 'twere wrong to din them About it, as a failing,--since their "I" Is representative of that within them Which should be published, and not mutely die. III. FAST AND SLOW. The man who is steady and slow, though he sin, Will seldom o'ertake a foregoing disaster; While the fast man for ever is breaking his shin Against ills in advance through his rage to go faster. IV. HOW TO LESSEN A FLUX OF VISITORS. Are you troubled by men with a visiting itch, And would you be rid of so constant a bore? Lend to him that is poor, and from him that is rich Seek to borrow--and neither will trouble you more. V. TAKING TOO MUCH THOUGHT OF TO-MORROW. Could we, as mortals, but our end foresee, How little in our minds the world would be! Could we, as spirits, but this like renew, And be again incarnate as we were, How little might be done like what we do! How little cared for that which now is most our care! VI. SIMPLICITY versus CRAFT. Simplicity enjoys while Craft contrives, Till life with both hath lost its pristine zest, And the more memory of the past survives-- Of pleasure or of care,--say, which is best? VII. VAGUE BEAUTY IN POETRY. How oft has Song some beauty most divine, Which well we feel, yet cannot well define? Some yearning excellence, intense and far, Coming and going like a clouded star? Some awful glory we but half descry, Llke a strong sunset in a stormy sky? VIII. LUCK OUT OF SEASON. A pilgrim of old who was hungering madly, Found a wallet quite full on his desert path lonely: Thank God! 'tis a store of parched wheat! he cried gladly-- To weep, when he found it a bag of pearls only! Is more needed, to patent this truth to our reason, That the best things are only good things in their season? IX. THE SHOW OF PHYSICAL STRENGTH. A Dwarf will ever be defiant Tow'rds those of larger being, From weening that he were a giant But for their mis-seeing. X. MISANTHROPICAL GOODNESS. A good man may be sometimes misanthropical: Weighing himself with others, he hath made The shameful difference reflection's topic all, Till he hath turned him from the world dismayed, And hating the rank vegetation tropical Of vice and folly through all climes displayed: And hence, that all are bad's his general rule, Himself the exception--a poor scrupulous fool! His natural goodness is but singularity, Not virtue proper to the human race; And so he scorns himself for his disparity In social selfishness and worldly grace, And others for that simulated charity Which only burnishes some brazen face! His error lies in this: he will not see That one true man redeems humanity. XI. DOING AND BEING. The common man's of value to the race, For what he does--his worth is like his gold: / But he that's worthy of heroic place, / For what he is--his value's in his mould. XII. THE MERIT OF SOBRIETY. To him whose nature craves not drink No merit can accrue, I think, From the disuse of rum: But he who hath a thirsty soul, Yet keeps his drouth in good control, Hath, beyond question, some. XIII. THE TRUTH OF NATURE. The frame of the world to its Maker is true, And the foul but a means for ensuring the fair; The storms that submerge a whole navy renew, As by torment, the health of the ocean and air. A shower too abundant may give me to me, Yet whole lands are enriched by what's hurtful to me. Nay even the serpent has something to do In nature that's needful--whatever it be. And the fly?--let it go! for could'st thou divine The whole scheme of life, its right place is by thine. XIV. THE MORAL GREAT AND SMALL. As heathens (pious though they seem), The more they how to gods of stone Are thence the less disposed to own A spiritual God supreme; So we (though in a better state) The more we set our eyes to see The moral Small, the blinder we Become unto the moral Great. And when dwarf merits much we gild, Not only are they pandered to, But merits of a loftier build Are shrunken to their standard, too. XV. POETRY AND PROSE. What is the true difference 'Twixt Prose and Rhyme, Since both may be beautiful, Both be sublime? Nor in subject, nor treatment, Nor passion it 'bides-- But breathes through a certain Rich something besides. XVI. THE PANG OF DEATH. How great or small may be the pang of Death, No mortal knows, nor can know, while the breath Of life he breathes: of all beneath the sky, Only the dead know what it is to die. Nay, so minute may be the point whereat Our mortal pilgrimage determines, that Even the parted Ghost can not decide, As to the moment when its body died. 