ILLAWARRA. {From the Mercury. November 30.) Mogo Diggings.:-On a recent visit to the vicinity of these diggings, we gathered a little information regard- ing them which may be of interest. There are about 50 or 60 persons working at Mogo ; the average earnings are from £3 to £6 per week regularly. A rush took place the other day from the main diggings to the creek where gold was first discovered. It appears that the first diggers went but 5 or 6 feet deep in their search for gold and, having attained a little at that depth, gave it up without going deeper, to go to the place where they were at work till recently. After they had gone, one party of half-a-dozen determined upon trying deeper sinking; they went down to the depth of about 15 feet, and were so successful that they have continued silently at work ever since. A day or two previous to our visit, the owner of the land came across them whilst at work, and observing a quantity of gold in a dish after they had been "panning out," asked them whether they were not doing very well, which they acknowledged, and begged of him to keep the mat- ter secret. This he did not do, their success became known, and the rush recorded above is the consequence. From what we have heard these diggings are likely to turn out as remunerative and extensive as any other in the colony. Another, advantage they possess is, that they are easy of access, being only about five miles from Bateman's Bay, to which a steamer in all probability will be running in a very short time. KIAMA STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY. - A special general meeting of this company was held at Hether- ington Hotel, Wollongong, on Tuesday last, for the purpose of considering the propriety of increasing the capital of the company to £57,000, the amount allowed by the Deed of Settlement, and for the transaction of such other business as might be submitted. D. L. Waugh, Esq;, J.P., having taken the chair. Mr. R. Owen moved that the resolution passed at the special general meeting held on the 27th October last, proposing to in- crease the capital to £57,000 be confirmed. He said the object of the Directors was to place themselves in a situation of readiness to take all necessary steps to meet the wants of the company in connecting the different ports on the south coast, and to meet the circumstances connected with the newly-arisen coal trade. The resolution having been seconded,-and after some expla- nations having been given in answer to enquiries made by W. W. Jenkins. Esq., T. Hale, Esq., and Dr. Cox, - was carried unanimously. After the transaction of some unimportant business, a vote of thanks .was given to. the chairman, acknowledged, and the meeting broken up. PORT OF - WOLLONGONG.-On Monday afternoon the Nora Creina came in and coaled on her way up to Sydney, The Illawarra performed the advertised trips on Monday and Tuesday, when her place waa taken by the Kiama to allow the Illawarra to go to Twofold Bay and other ports to the southward. The Revenge, ketch, departed for the Clyde on Tuesday. On Thursday the schooners Sisters, Terrara, and Nowra came in from Sydney, for coals, and the Nowra loaded, and went out again on the following day. On Wednesday morning it was after 11 o'clock in the forenoon before the Nora Creina got in, owing to the strong southerly wind which, had been blowing during the night, and on Saturday morning, from the same reason, it was about half-past 6 before she came in. PROGRESS OF PUBLIC WORKS.-Mr. Dawson, the Colonial Architect, visited this district on Saturday last, and inspected the progress of the public works in course of construction. The inspection has been of a very minute character and extremely satisfactory in result. Some timely repairs have been done, under the direc- tion of Mr. Dawson, to the pier walls, without which it is extremely probable a considerable portion of the pier would have ultimately given way. The Courthouse, a building so much and long desired, the public will be gratified to learn, will be finished in three weeks. Some alterations have been made in the original plan of this building, but not of such a character as to lessen its use- fulness or detract from its appearance. The energy with which the work has.been pushed on lately, reflects credit on Mr. Stoddart, the contractor. When completed, this building will be an architectural ornament to the town, and that in a most sightly and convenient position. The Colonial Architect proceeds this morning to the Macquarie River to commence the bridge so long wanted over that important thoroughfare. Mr. Chowne, an old colonist, and experienced in the erection of such struc- tures as, are required over the Macquarie, is the con- tractor. It is confidently believed by those immediately concerned that the bridge will, be completed in four months. The plans for the Kiama Court House are already drawn, and immediately the money is voted tenders will be invited. Whilst he is down here, Mr. Dawson could not do a better thing than inspect the ford at Mullett Creek, with the view ot ascertaining the facilities that exist for throwing a bridge over, that stream, without which, notwithstanding the erection of a bridge over the Macquarie, the traffic between this and the southward must be frequently interrupted. THE WEATHER-During the past week the weather has been exceedingly changeable. On Monday last a thunder storm swept over the town ; but with the excep- tion of two very loud claps of thunder, and two short, but very heavy showers of rain, presented no remark- able feature, as in other part of the district. On Fri- day, it was most, oppressively hot during the whole day. EXPORTS FROM KIAMA.-Exports per steamers from Kiama from 16th to 27th November, 1857 :-482 kegs butter, 1 cask tallow, 3 casks pork, 103 pigs, 40 calves, 11 coops poultry, 30 cases eggs, 34 hides, 3 bales sheep- skins, 4 bales calfskins, 59 bags corn, 7 bags grass seed, 24 bags bran, 31 bags potatoes, 17 bags onions, 2 bales wallabies, 1 case cheese. RESULT OF SALE.-On last Monday, Mr. W. Irving sold by auction, Mr. Peter J. Wood's herd of dairy cat- tle; the prices ranged from £3 10 to £13, and averaged £8 3s.8d. A GHOST AT ULLADULLA -For the last three weeks, the most terrifying and strange sounds have been heard to issue from a swamp near here, known as the Big Hole Farm, occupied by Mr. Berry. The voice resem- bles that of a human being in great agony and pain, and can be heard at the distance of three miles. It never cries more than three or four times at once, then in quiok succession, and at, about midnight or an hour or two before sunrise. It very often is heard to only cry out once at a time. Be this as it may, those parties residing within three or four mites of the swamp are unable to rest at night time for its strange unearthly howlings, and assert it is an apparition raising its voice as a warning to us to avoid some impending evil. Others assure us, it is the cry of a large bird, and that it was heard proceeding from the same spot about twelve years ago. However, there it is, and its cries are annoying and amazing to those in the neighbour- hood. Some stout men with stout hearts intend, in a few evenings to come, to visit the swamp for the pur- pose of ascertaining the nature of the being or bird which emits these strange and awful sounds. November 24th, 1857. THE PWIENEES SEEN MOM THE PLACK BOYALK AT PAU,-Tho heavens are rolled up Uko a soroll, and out of tho midst comos mountnin after, mountain, , each looking higher and more ninjoKtio than the Jast,: till the sky is filled with forms of dazzling gran'dour as far any tho eye can rcaah. Abrupt peaks shoot Up sharply into tho ethereal bluo'; massive ramparts of wavy, rolling snow. ' Molda lill in an outline of unearthly whito ; ono point would «oem tho highest'in the range, 'if in the far distance there did not.'appear another as. highi'eveu thero. Oroat spreading frontlets of snow descend 'far' down upon tho dark hill-sidea made black as jut' by the oontraat : one majestio summit opposite, cloven as if by a Îiroat thunderbolt, Btarts up from an abrupt doprossfon J n tho ohain that seems croated to display his'solitary grandour, and stands BB a giant's statue,'with tbo.olouds wlilrllna aniline! hin hnad like a fronted cvnresa wreath. I I -A Winter's Sketchei in th* South of France and th« I PyrtiMtf. Dy F. ti. Johnton, UM. O.a., OM. 