THE CRITERION THEATRE. A somewhat extraordinary exhibition took place on Saturday night at tile Criterion Theatre. The play of " Richard the Third" is- always a very difficult • one > to represent, even in a theatre which, in addition to having a good company, possesses all appliances and means to boot, but willi a small company and a small stage, deficient scenery, and actors who don't understand the characters they undertake to plaj-, the thing becomes a perfect burlesque. This plaj' was attempted on Saturday, and we must confess that a more wretched exhibition was never made. The text was departed from in a most nd libitum manner, and a few of the. neces sary scenic concomitants most coolly dispensed with. For instance, when the funeral 'of King Henry the Sixth is passing, or rather^supppsecL to be passing, and when the officer exclaims, " Stand back, my lord, and let the coffin pass,'' we looked in vain for the coffin and the procession, but it was only supposed to be there, and the effect of the whole scene was spoiled. In the tent scene before the battle of Bosworth, the ghosts of Richard's murdered victims did not shew, but murmured their warnings behind the scenes—in fact, the omissions, mistakes, and absurdities were so many and so various tliat we are much inclined to believe the management intended to give us a 'taste of "Shakspere travestied." King Henry was played by Mr. Douglas, and ire were very glad when he was killed. Mr. Fauceti was both BucUivghmn and Richmond. Richmond's army was represented by a man with a loud voice and bandy legs, who rairied a formidable, looking battlo-axe, well black-leaded. The crook-backed tyrant was enacted by Mr. M'Kean Buchftnan, and certainly not with success. This gen tleman is in reality not a bad actor, but he cannot play Richard the Third, or he could not on this occasion. Notwithstanding, however, the unquestionable failure which had been made, the good-humored audience paid Mr. M'Kcan Buclmmin the compli ment of calling him before the curtain, and the (literally) great tragedian, having responded to the sail, delivered himself in the followed words :— " Ladies and gentlemen,—I come before you at the wish of a majority of the audience, and beg to say that 1 am obliged to them for the compliment. I am aware that three or four dissi pated persons come here for the purpose of annoy ing me and hissing me, as they did last night, when I did my best to amuse tlie audience, and I am smre never played better >n my life. 1 would willingly give £5 if 1 could discover the man that did hiss me, and I would take the £5 out of him ! I am a plain and blunt .American. 1 never played belter than I played last night, and I say again I would give £5 to find the man that hissed me." The audience appeared to be rather " taken aback" at the foregoing harangue, and most of them adjourned to that part of the building where ex hausted nature can be relieved by claret punch. The evening's amusement concluded with " Sylvester Daggerwood," in which Mr. Ramsay proved himself to be an actor of no ordinary calibre. We may add that the house was very well attended, but how long it may continue to be so, while an actor is allowed to insult an oudisnce in the manner in which Mr. Buchanan did on Saturday night, remains to be proved. 