VINE GROWING IN AUSTRALIA. (From the Times ) There is nothing more interesting to watch than the changes which have come, or are coming over the English race in the various regions where it has settled and taken root. Canadians, citizens of the United Status, tropical planters, and settlers at the Antipodes have all assumed, or are in process of assuming, their several characters. Climate, institutions, occupation, and mode of life have their share in producing these differences: but the first is the most potent agent. Americans and Australians are Englishmen with a sunny sky. That they should fail to receive more warmth of temperament, more quickness of feeling, and perhaps more delicacy of taste, from the bright light and pure air in which they live, would be surprising indeed. But, wide as may be diversities, there are still Borne general characteristics which never alter. The Anglo-Saxon is always enterpris- ing, self-reliant, domineering over men of any other Stock, an indefatigable planter, builder, and trader. Those are his great or good qualities. On the other hand, he carries with him one fault to every region of the globe. intemperance in drink is practised as much under thescorohingsuns of the Southern States, or amid the hot winds of the Australian wilderness, as in our own moist and foggy atmosphere. ' Temperance societies, teetotal societies, and Maine liquor laws are unable to eradicate the evil, which Lessons only inasmuch as society becomes every day more humane and civilised. It would be a strange thing to find in any part of the world mon of our race de- son ing the ardent alcohol of their fathers for the milder drinks of the European continent. Yet we cannot but think that such a result will be brought about by the lapse of time. Our people may never become as abstemious and as un desirous of stimulating beverage as the Italian or the Oriental, but it is quite probable that, under the influence of a warm climate, their tastes may be contented with drinks less exciting than those to which they are now accustomed. For instance, the Australians, our youngest offshoot, are now seriously turning their attention to the culture of the vine, not with the wish to imitate any particular European growth, but as a natural and permanent production of the country. In America the thing has long been talked of, and in certain districts practised ; but the same obstacle to success has intervened as will probably impede the Australian experiment. Wine- growing is the pursuit of a poor and laborious peasantry, content with little, and able to give up their whole time to the culture of a small area. The husband- man and his wife, in a good vineyard, are always watching the shoots, carrying earth up the hillside to replace that which has been " washed away by the rain or parched into dust by the sun, clipping, pruning, and digging, and must often be content in the end with a narrow and precarious return. This will not do for a pushing people in an empty country, and wine is not generally grown in the States, simply because the average production is not remunerative at the average price of labour. However, the Australians appear, from the tone of some of the newspapers, to be sanguine of success. Samples of their wine were sent to the Paris Exhibition, was pronounced excellent, and honoured with a medal. Why, then, should not the production be attempted on a large scale? Why should Australia be dependent for its beverages on London firms, who send out bottled ale and brandy, more or less, genuine, at enormous prices? Australia produces good wine, which the Australians like so much that it is all bought up, and there is none to be had. In a few years, with enter prise and industry, the country may not only supply itself with wholesome drink, but make large profits by exporting the surplus to Europe. We are glad to learn that there are farms in New South Wales which actually produce from 15,000 to 2000 gallons a year each, and that there is sufficient inducement for new farmers to invest capital in vine cultivation. It is not impossible,' therefore, that the present generation may see our greatest dependency the seat of a great production of the most generous of beverages, and perhaps rivalling France and the Rhineland in the quality and celebrity of its growths. We can well anticipate that a supply of cheap and good wine may change the tastes of the Australians, who will find it more pleasant in their almost tropical- climate to quaff some Antipodean rival of champagne or claret than to heat their blood with exotic ale, porter, and gin. Perhaps, 'in' accordance with the custom of Anglo-Saxon colonists, they will transfer the names of celebrated personages or places to their new vineyards, and this newest of worlds will have its Cliquot and its Johannis berg. We wish them full and speedy success, not merely for their own sakes but for our own. : There can be no doubt that the production of wine, or at least of good wine, in Europe has positively diminished of late years. The grape disease, in conjunction with the unsettled state of the Continent, and the deficiency in crops vitally necessary to subsistence, has limited the supply, and there is no immediate prospect of abundance. Even if the cultivation extended, it would probably be unable to keep pace with the increased demand. ? France and Germany produced nearly as much wine fifty years ago as they do now, and within that time whole races have come into the circle of wine consumption. In those days Russia and the United States could hardly be said to exist as wine-drinking countries; now they are disposed to carry their taste for this luxury beyond even the old-established countries. Of late years the increase of wealth, the spread of civilisation, and perhaps of vanity and the desire of display, have immensely increased the demand for the more delicate wines of all kinds, and particularly those of France, We are, in fact, threatened with a dearth of good wine at any reasonable price. Why I then should we not-hall the prospect of a I supply from the Antipodes? There is no reason why the hill-sides of Victoria and New South Wales should not produce a grape of as exquisite a, flavour as any that ripens from the Rhine to the Atlantic. Geelong and Parramatta may one day be household words among us. Under the influence of high prices and more temperate habits, the importation of foreign wines has greatly decreased within the present generation, and the reduction of duty would confer but little benefit ยก but with an increased production of less fiery wines than are at present consumed the question of a more free admission would become worthy of the attention of politicians. THE MEMBER FOR AN HOUGH-On the day Parliament was dissolved a new member took his seat, and the incident is thus chronicled by the London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion :-" The doings of the day being in one sense merely pro forma, and having reference rather to what was to come off in the Lords than what was going on in the Commons, matters flagged till the enlivening announcement that a member was about to take the oaths and his seat! Mr. Speaker himself who, for nearly a dozen and a-half years, has looked as solemn as a sphinx, never relaxing into a smile all that while only an occasional semi Darker-like simper laughed out- right, as he repeated the summons; for he might cough now without loss of dignity, see rug that with his wig to-night he casts off re reponsibility. and henceforth has only to trouble himself with writing his new territorial J title instead of his old patronymic, and taking { ยฃ4000 a year, for so doing. And who was the illustrious stranger thus called to senatorial ' life and to the giving up of the ghost in the same breath ? None other than the trenton donE O'Donoghue! At that dread name a solemn pause ensued, and all, eyes were turned intently to the bar, in expectancy of some six feet six of Hibernian anatomy, with a green shamrock harp hung over his shoulder, an elk skin on the other, a man slaughtering, luncheon by his side, a wolf dog at his heels, and a visage of Saxon Playing ferocity Astonishing to behold, however, there walked demurely up the floor and to the table " the mildest mannered man that ever scuttled ship or cut a throat:" neat booted, dainty gloved, spruce coated, Macassar haired, and quiet faced altogether as inoffensive and present- able a personage as though he were native and to the manner born in Pall Mall instead of Tipperary. However, for that shillelagh famed shire will he sworn, taking the oath of allegiance to the British lion as innocently as though Brian Bone wore a ratepayer of Mary le bone, and Ireland were the county of Rut- land ! Having kissed the book and signed the books, he went up to the (Speaker ; both shook hands, respectively and respectfully, turning away their heads as they did so, afraid of laughing in each other's faces. But, as Solomon, or somebody else, has wisely remarked, you can't wash a Blackamoor white human nature will be human nature, even in parlia- ment. The O'Donoghue ''caught the Speaker's eye e" with a twinkle in it. The Speaker at tend the O'Donoghue grinned and a general guffaw ensued, without a word of " Order, order, for all was disorder, the most disorderly being the ex-decorum giver in the chair. The antique Comic chuckled till he chucked with enjoyment. Vernon Smith Meat into what he himself once called " hills lions enthusiasm ;" and even the cadaverous Sir George Grey looked like a ghost at a home paper, so highly entertained was he. A SIGN OF THE FARMER-The value of "every thing oral has declined. The drama has declined ; so has the pulpit ; so has oratory, whether forensic or senatorial. With regard to the two latter, men find so much better to be sure that they are not misled by rhetoric, than to be temporarily excited by eloquence, that a written argument is now worth four-fold a spoken one. Pulpit oratory has declined because there is no longer any one to convince. Open infidelity is not tolerated in the upper classes and the Church has never set about the task of converting the lower ones by the force of eloquence. The doctor sion of the drama remains to be accounted for. It proceeds, we think, from much the same causes as the decline of all objective poetry. Life, If not less romantic really, is certainly less full of mystery and adventure than of yore. The publicity now given to al crimes, even in their minutest detail, renders fictitious tragedy flat and familiar. The best novels are now not traffic novels. They rather partake of the character of the Attii now comedy. And in this particular depart front we doubt if the otago has materially declined. Her Majesty is a patroness of the theatre and we fully believe that If its hour were accommodated to modern habits, are ; the houses reduced in number, so that three or four of our present race of good actor could be got together, a play might be put upon the stage in a style that would not disgrace the performances of " sixty years since. -The Press. SEPARATION OF IMAGINATION most REAL LIFE The whole character of our life and literature seems to us to show in our cultivated classes a disposition of imagination to separate itself from real life, and to go over into works of art. It may appear to some a matter of little consequence of; and perhaps they will think that it is then beginning to confine itself to its right province. We think there are many who will not be so easily satisfied and to whom it will appear that such a separation, if it- be indeed taking place, can- not be effected without grievous injury to the character of our minds. We think it possible that the great overflow of poetry in this age may be in part from this cause. And there seems to us already a great disappearance of Imagination from the character of all our passions. But life is still strong. And wher- ever men are assembled in societies, and are not swallowed up in sloth or most debasing passion, there the great elements of our nature are in action and much as in this day, to look upon the face of life, it appears to be removed from all poetry, we cannot but believe that, in the very heart of our most civilised life-in our cities-in each great metropolis of commerce in the midst of the most active concentration of all those relations of being which seem most at war with imagination there the materials which imagination seeks in human life are yet to be found. It were much to be wished, therefore, for the sake both of our literature and our life, that imagina- tion would again be content to dwell with life-that we had less of poetry, and that of mere strength; and that imagination were again to be found as it used to be, one of the elements of life itself a strong principle of our nature living in the midst of our affections and passions, blending with, kindling, Invigorating, and exalting them all. Then might the spirit of dramatic literature be revived Professor Wilson. THE RECENT Cowain EXPLOSION. The process of emptying the Lundhil coal-mine at the water with which the fire was drowned is now going on rapidly, yet several weeks must elapse before the pit can be entered. a 