NIGHT THE SIXTH. MORE CONSEQUENCES. THE landlord did not make his appear ance on the next morning until nearly ten o'clock ; and then he looked like a man who had been on a debauch. It was eleven before Harvey Green came down. Nothing about him indicated the smallest deviation from the most orderly habit. Clean shaved, with fresh linen, and face every line of which was smoothed into calmness, he looked as if he had slept soundly on a quiet conscience, and now hailed the new day with a tranquil spirit. The first act of Slade was to go be hind the bar and take a stiff glass of brandy and water; the first act of Green, to order beefsteak and coffee for his breakfast. I noticed the meeting between the two men, on the appearance of Green. There was a slight reserve on the part of Green, and an uneasy embarrassment on the part of Slade. Not even the ghost of a smile was visible in either counte nance. They spoke a few words together, and then separated as if from a sphere of mutual repulsion. I did not observe them again in company during the day. " There's trouble over at the mill," was remarked by a gentleman with whom I had some business transactions in the afternoon. He spoke to a person who sat in his office. "Ah! what's the matter?" said the other. " Rather a bad practice, I should say." " It involves some bad practices, no doubt." . " On Willy's part?" " Yes. He is reported .to have squandered the means placed in hi# hands after a shameless fashion." " Is the loss heavy ?" " So it is said." " How much ?" " Reaching to thirty or forty thousand dollars. But this is rumour, and, of course, an exaggeration." " Of course. No such loss as that <sould have been made. But what has been done with the money ? How could Willy have spent it ? He dashes about a great deal; buys fast horses, drinks rather freely, and all that: but thirty or forty thousand dollars couldn't escape in that way." At this ,moment a swift trotting horse, bearing a light sulky and a man, went by. " There goes young Hammond's three hundred dollar animal," said the last speaker. " It was Willy Hammond's yester day But there has been a change of ownership since then; I happen to know. " Indeed !'^ " Yes. The man Green, who has been loafing about Cedarville for the last few years-after no good, I can well believe-came into possession to day." "Ah! Willy was very fickle-minded. Does the possession of a coveted ob ject so soon bring satiety ?" " There is something not clearly understood about the transaction. I saw Mr. Hammond during the fore noon, and he looked terribly distressed.' " The embarrassed condition of things at the mill readily accounts for this," " True; but I think there are causes of trouble beyond the mere embarrass ments." " The dissolute, spendthrift habits of his son," was suggested. " These are sufficient to weigh down the father's spirits,-to bow him to the very dust." " To speak out plainly," said the other, " I am afraid that the young man adds another vice to that of drinking and idleness,,J "What?" u Gaming." " iNo V " There is little doubt of it in my mind. And it is further my opinion, that his fine horse, for which he paid three hundred dollars only a few days ago, has passed into the hands of this man Green, in payment of a debt con tracted at the gaming table." ts You shock me. Surely there can be no grounds for such a belief!" "I have, I am sorry to say, the gravest reasons for what I allege. That Green is a professional gambler, who was attracted here by the excellent company that assembled at the ' Sickle and Sheaf in the begin ning of the lazy miller's pauper making experiment, I do not in the least question. Grant this, and take into account the fact that young Hammond has been much in his com pany, and you have sufficient cause for the most disastrous effects." " If this be really so," observed the gentleman, over whose face a shadow of concern darkened, " then Willy Hammond may not be his only victim." " And is not, you may rest assured. If rumour be true, other of our promising young men are being drawn into the whirling circles that narrow towards a vortex of ruin." In corroboration of this, I mentioned the conversation I had held with one of the frequenters of Slade's bar-room, on this very subject; and also what I had myself observed on the previous evening. The man who had until now been sitting quietly in a chair, started up, exclaiming as he did so " Merciful heaven ! I never dreamed of this ! Whose sons are safe ? " " No man's," was the answer of the gentleman in whose office we were sitting-11 No man's-while there are such open doors to ruin as you may find at the ' Sickle and Sheaf/ Did you not vote the anti-temperance ticket at the last election ?' " I did," was the answer; u and from principle." '. On what were your principles based ? " was inquired. " On the broad foundations of civil liberty." " The liberty to do good or evil, just as the individual may choose ?" " I would not like to say that. There are certain evils against which there can be no legislation that would not do harm. No civil power in this country has the right to say what a citizen shall eat or drink." " But may not the people, in any community, pass laws, through their delegated law makers, restraining evil minded persons from injuring the common good?' " Oh, certainly-certainly." " And are you prepared to affirm that a drinking shop, where young men are corrupted-ay, destroyed, body and soul-does not work an injury to the common good?" " Ah ! but there must be houses of public entertainment." " No one denies this. But can that be a really Christian community which provides for the moral debase ment of strangers, at the same time that it entertains them ? Is it necessary that, in giving rest and entertainment to the traveller, we lead him also into temptation ?" u Yes-But-but it is going too far to legislate what we are to eat and drink. It is opening too wide a door for fanatical oppression. We must inculcate temperance as a right principle. We must teach our children the evils of intemperance, and .end them out into the world as practi cal teachers of order, virtue, and sobriety. If we do this, the reform becomes radical, and in a few years fhere will be no bar-rooms, for none will crave the fiery poison." u Of little value, my friend, will be, m fer too many cases, your precepts, if temptation invites our sons at ! almost every step of their way through life. Thousands have fallen, and thousands are now tottering, soon to fall. Your sons are not safe ; nor are mine. We cannot tell the day nor the hour when they may weakly yield to the solicitations of some companions, and enter the wide open door of ruin. And are we good citizens to commission men to do the evil work of enticement ? To encourage them to get gain in corrupting and destroy ing our children ? To hesitate over j some vague ideal of human liberty, when the sword is among us, slaying our best and dearest ? Sir 1 while you hold back from the work of staving the flood that is desolating our fairest homes, the black waters are approaching your own doors." There was a startling emphasis in in the tones with which this last sentence was uttered; and I did not wonder at the look of anxious alarm that it called to the face of him whose fears it, was meant to excite. "What do you mean, six?" was inquired. " Simply, that your sons are in equal danger with others." " And is that all ?" " They have been seen, of late, in the bar-room of the c Sickle and Shpflf'" " Who says so?" " Twice within a week I have seen them going in there," was answered. " Good heavens! No !" " It is true my friend. But who is safe ? If we dig pits, and conceal them from view, what liiarvel if our own children fall therein ?" "My sons going to a tavern!" The man seemed utterly comfounded. " How can I believe it ? You must be in error, sir." "No. What I tell you is the simple truth. And if they go there " The man paused not to hear the coa elusion of the sentence, but went hastily from the office. "We are beginning to reap as we have sown," remarked the gentleman, turning to me as his agitated friend left the office. " As I told him in the commencement it would be, so it is i happening. The waiit of a good | tavern in Cedarville was over and over | again alleged as one of the chief causes j of our want of thrift, and when Slade opened the 1 Sickle and Sheaf,' the man : was almost glorified. The gentleman J who has just left us failed not in lau- j dation of the enterprising landlord: ; the more particularly, as the building of the new tavern advanced the price of ground on the street, and made him a few hundred dollars richer. Really, for a time, one might have thought, from the way people went on, that Simon Slade was going to make every man's fortune in Cedarville. But all that has been gained by a small advance in property, is as a grain of sand to a mountain, compared with the fearful demoralisation that has followed." I readily assented to this, for I had myself seen enough to justify the con clusion. 