CAMPBELL'S CREEK. (prom our own correspondent.) 37ie Weather, , \\-c — The high winds of last week did considerable damage to many of the stores, tents, &c.;, along Campbell's Creek. Awn ings were split, flies took aerial excursions, and substantial weatherboarded buildings received a severe shaking. Since the storm subsided calico and canvas have been " looking up," to use the commercial idiom. The heavy rains, though be neficial to the agriculturist, threw a damp over business, and the marked impetus which the set ting in of summer had communicated to every department of trade received a temporary check. However, the return of settled weather has once more increased the demand for almost every seasonable article of consumption. The Reefs. — In my report of this week I should have corrected the error referred to by Messrs. Fisher and Holinan in Wednesday's Mail, if they had not saved me the necessity of doing so. The misstatement as to the locality of their claim was, I believe, a mere typographical one. If they have not struck a payable leader, "the more's the pity," hut my account was not based on idle rumour, as they rtaher unwarrantably assume, hut on the authority of parties working the next shaft to Fisher and llolman's. It is always my habit, when practicable, to obtain intelligence about the quartz reefs at head-quarters, but it is not every miner who is willing to impart the information desired. The Chinese. — There was another disturbance among these poople on Campbell's Flat, last Tuesday, a Bimilar one having taken place a few days previously, between themselves and the European diggers. Both difficulties arose from disputed claims. In the latter embroglio several hundred Chinese were concerned, and although no personal damage was inflicted, the noise and confusion were of such a description that they could only be equalled by a flock of rooks during a pitched battle in the air. The frequency ol these scenes confirms the apprehensions felt by some, that there will be trouble on this creek be tween the Celestials and the other population be fore the summer shall have ended. There is a general conviction among experienced miners, that the Chinese waste an unnecessary quantity of water by their method of washing, as well as de stroy a consideraole area of payable ground. It is said tliey so mix up the top and bottom strata of auriferous soils, without extracting more than a portion of the gold that ground is left wholly unremunerative for the future. The superior skill of the Chinese as diggers is denied, for it is stated that Europeans as far surpass them in sagacity as in manual strength. It is certainly the case that John Chinaman in the art of gold- seeking sometimes plays the part of jackall to the British lion. There is also a strong feeling among the European miners on the creek, whether right or wrong, that the Celestials are favoured by the police authorities and magistrates, at the ex pense of the digging community. Such an im pression cannot exist without bringing the ad ministration of justice into contempt, and exas perating the sufferers against the authors of their misfortunes. It is urged that the oath of a Chi naman, whom it is almost impossible to convict of perjury, and whose notions of future respon sibility must be as vague and shadowy as the ghosts of his ancestors, to -whom he annually sacrifices pigs and poultry', should be of less weight than that of an Englishman, though practically more importance is attached to it; and that in cases of trifling assault, the former when he has received no injury, will frequently scratch his own face and stain it with blood, to arouse the sympathy of the magistrate, and revenge himself by the punishment of his antagonist. These, in combination with other things, have engendered a slumbering spirit of animosity, which an excit ing cause might at any moment awaken into acts of violent demonstration. The mortality amoDg the Chinese still continues to be disproportionably great, and a person living near the cemetery, in formed me that he thinks the interments of this class would nearly average one every day. 