AN EXPERIENCE OF AUSTRIA. From Household Words.) On the tenth of December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, I entered the Austrian capital, and took up my above at a certain hotel. I had no particular business in Vienna. My object was to amuse myself; and, at my leisure, see the many works of art of which the imperial city can boast. My name, reader, is Jenkins Alfred Jenkins. My passport, according to the regulation, was deposit d with the police, and I was presented in lieu thereof with a pass or permission to remain one month ; this pass was renewable, provided the authorities had no objection. On the third day after my arrival I called to the kellner to bring me the Lloyd (the Times of Vienna) The kellner approached me, rubbed his hands, shook his head, and smiled : " The Lloyd," I repeated. " It is suspended, sir," said the kellner. "How?" " Not allowed to come out, sir." " Why ?" " For abusing the Emperor of Russia." " For how long is it suspended ?" " Cannot say, sir. It may be for one month, or for ever-the minister of police will settle that !" Here I was guilty of a slight indiscretion. I remarked to an English officer, with whom I had established an acquaintance, and who was seated at the same table with me, " Only fancy, if the Times, the Daily News, or the Post was suddenly cut off from us! Imagine Sir Richard Mayne riding down to Printing House Square, and putting a padlock on the premises " " Be careful," said my companion, in a whisper. "Do you see that little man at yonder table?" "Yes. Who is he?" " He is a spy. No one knows whether he is a German, an Italian, an Englishman, a French- man, or a Spaniard, for he speaks all languages with equal facility and elegance. Not that he ever opens his mouth in this room except to eat. He gives himself up to listening and by long practice, his ears are peculiarly acute." I took the hint and discoursed on the weather and other equally harmless topics. At five o'clock I seated myself at one of the small tables, and ordered dinner. My companion had left Vienna for Trieste, and I was now alone ; but, not far from me, I espied the little man to whom my attention had been called in the morning. Now, if there be one thing in the world that I detest more than another, it is having no one to talk to after dinner. To sip wine in silence is to me insupportable, so I called out in a very great voice : ev, 2 2 2 Kellner '" The kellner, an intelligent, well-mannered, indeed, a gentlemanlike person- came and I made several inquiries touching the public amusements for the evening, and concluded by saying: ' ' '( "Bring me the Times, please." r h ,, " The Times has not come to-day, sir-it has been stopped." ,',, "The Times stopped! How?" " At the frontier, sir." i "Why ?" " It has got something bad in it, I suppose, sir." , > " O ! Well, bring me the Daily News." " That paper is forbidden in Vienna." Why?" " It abuses the Austrian government." , " Indeed ! Then serve it right to exclude it from the Austrian dominions." Here I glanced at the little man, who was now smoking a cigar. The kellner then volunteered the following piece of information : " When an English paper says anything bad, there comes a telegraphic message from London, and when that paper comes to the frontier it is seized and burnt." " Does this often happen ? " " Sometimes, sir," was the reply. That evening I received a letter from a friend in Brussels, who required me to answer several questions by electric telegraph. I proceeded to the office, and was furnished with a paper, which I filled up thus : Number One : Frazer's Magazine, October, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two Number Two One thousand eight hundred and forty eight Number Three : Let it stand as written. Number Four Send no money till you hear from me. Having paid some two pounds ten shillings across a counter, for these messages, and having been furnished with a receipt, I returned to my hotel, and subsequently went to the opera. 9 At about nine o'clock on the following morning, whilst dressing, I heard a knock at my door, and called out : " Come in " A person in a semi-military uniform entered my apartment, and, looking at a paper in his hand, pronounced something like my name. I bowed ; I was immediately presented with an invitation to attend a certain office-an office connected with the police department at the hour of two a.m. "What on earth have I done ?" I began to ask myself; and forthwith summoned my commissioner, who pulled his moustache, and quietly I suggested : " Perhaps it is nothing ;" adding, by way of consoling me, " English gentlemen who come to stay here are mostly sent for and asked their business." ' At the hour of two precisely, was at the place appointed, conducted thither by the commissioner; who, having other business to attend to, left me in a long and gloomy passage, which I placed for about three-quarters of an hour. The weather was bitterly cold, and I was half-frozen when the individual who had served me with the summons came out at a door, and beckoned me to approach him. I obeyed the movement of his finger, and was shown into a room where sat an official at a desk, writing. I made a bow on entering the room ; but, of this no sort of notice was taken. As I was not asked to take a chair, and as I never could stand still for any great length of time, after a few minutes I began to walk up and down the room slowly, and almost noiselessly. This appeared to annoy the official, who still kept on writing ; he frowned awfully, and once or twice uttered something like Donnerwetter ! I know exactly how long I was kept waiting in the official's room, because I consulted my watch several times. I was there eighteen minutes before my attention was called to the business on hand. " Your name is Jenkins ? " at length greeted my ears. " Yes," I replied. " Well What do you come here for To Vienna, I mean." " To see the city, and what it contains." "Bah!" This rather startled me. A long pause ensued. " This is your passport ?" resumed the official, holding up the document before me. " Yes." " Where is your servant mentioned in this passport ? He is not at the hotel." " No, he is not. I was informed at the frontier at Badenbagh that as his name was not written in the passport, he could not enter Austria. I had, therefore, to send him back to his own country, Belgium, at great inconvenience, and some pecuniary loss." "Why do you correspond in cipher ?" " I do not, that I am aware of " What ! Then you tell me what is false " (Eugenia I felt indignant on hearing this but I contrived to stifle my wrath, and remarked calmly, " What I have asserted is the truth. I do not correspond in cipher. ' " But I have the proof." " Then produce it." ' My telegraphic despatch of the previous evening was exhibited. , " There !" exclaimed the official triumphantly. "There! Yes! Forty-eight! Forty-eight! I see. So will you see ! What business has an Englishman with Forty-eight ? " I began to inform the official that they were replies to certain questions forwarded to me by a literary friend in Brussels. I told him that the first question concerned the date in which a certain article had appeared in an English periodical an article to which my friend desired to make immediate reference that the second question referred to the year in which a new edition of a certain work had been published; that the third question was about a sentence that my friend wished to alter in a work of mine, the proof sheets of which he was then correcting and the fourth question was simply this-Should he, my friend, remit me from Brussels or from London (to which last mentioned place he was about to proceed a sum of money I had left in his hands. I felt that I might have spared myself the trouble of making this explanation for the official did not listen to one word of it. He had made up his mind that I had come to Vienna as the agent of all the exiles in England, and that I was, therefore, a dangerous character in the Austrian capital. " You are then a literary man ?" " Yes." N "I thought so. Well, I must see your papers," I trust I may be spared the indignity of having my papers searched." " Indignity ! What indignity ? Many correspondents of English journals have had their papers searched in Vienna. Where do you prefer the search to take place - At the hotel or here ? " In my own apartments," I replied. "Very well. I will send a person with you. You will meet there another person who will examine your papers and make the report to me." I was then given to understand that I was not in custody, though an agent of the police would " wait upon" me pending further inquiries. The agent of the police who accompanied me to the hotel was more civil than his superior ; though he, too, must have been satisfied that my intentions towards the Austrian Government were far from honourable for he gave me distinctly to understand that, if it had not been for the alliance between Austria and England by virtue of the treaty of the second of December, the courtesy (2) which had been shown to me, would have been withheld. On arriving at the door of my apartment, I found it open, and two soldiers seated on my 1 sofa. They were in possession of my baggage. I I produced my keys, and handed them to the officer who accompanied me. He first opened my desk. The inspection of the papers it contained would have afforded me considerable amusement under any other circumstances ; but as it was, I felt not a little angry. The first letter that he looked at and examined, was a letter from a late Indian Brigadier-General, the last epistle he ever penned. It was dated Ramnugger, and was posted just before the fatal charge in which he fell. Over the superscription of this letter were several words in Persian character, signifying that " the postage had not been paid in camp, and was payable on delivery." There were also on the superscription a few words in Bengallee, written by the Baboo in the Meerut Post-office. These words signified my name and address, and were intended as a guide to the native postman, who could not read English. This letter was put aside. The next document into which the officer peered was a letter from my mother, and related entirely to family affairs. I now became acquainted with the fact, that the officer was able to read our language for after he had got through the first page, he remarked, " this is nothing," and handed me the letter. A Grand Lodge manuscript certificate now caught his eye, and he opened it out. He was not a Freemason, and had never seen a piece of parchment of the like character. He asked me what it was I told him. Nevertheless, he put it aside with the Brigadier's letter. The fourth document that came to his hand was a letter from a German gentleman, holding an office in the Prussian Embassy in London. In that letter he had facetiously alluded to my intended visit to Vienna, and recommended me to take care that they did not lock me up. No sooner did I see the officer take that epistle in his hand, than I felt it was all over with me, and I dare say I turned pale. Albert, I laughed heartily, for the whole affair struck me as something comical. My laughter, however, was soon changed to gravity, when I beheld the officer put back the papers into my desk-lock it-and hand it to one of the soldiers, and request me to " come along." It was now nearly five o'clock, and I suggested that I should like to dine. This favour, however, was not accorded. My levity had disgusted the authority charged with the inspection of my papers. He was now convinced that I was not only an intrigue, but a reckless in- trigger. I had not called on the English Ambassador, because his Lordship was seriously ill when I a rived in Vienna and his son was absent in England. To no other members of the Corps Diplomatique was I personally known. I made up my mind not to trouble any of these gentlemen and resolved to undergo imprisonment patiently, until the return (which was daily expected of the ambassador's ton, or his lord- ship's restoration to health. I had read of course, in the English papers of the treatment experienced in eighteen hun- dred and fifty-two by the correspondent of a morning journal ; I was quite prepared to suffer an infinity of hardships, such as herding with felons sleeping on bare stones feeding on black bread and water and having my rest disturbed by the shrieks of prisoners undergoing the punishment of Spiessruthen-laufen. Perhaps a description of this punishment may interest, as well as disgust, the general reader. An avenue of soldiers is formed. Each soldier holds in his hand a sort of knout peculiar to Austria, I believe. The knout is formed of three leather straps, attached to a wooden handle. At the end of each scraping a bullet pierced with two spikes, crossways. The prisoner passes through the avenue, and each soldier gives him a blow. The length of the avenue, and the number of times the prisoner has to pass through it, is determined by the character of the offence which has been committed. Sometimes, death speedily followed the infliction of the Speissrathen-'aufen. Some few years ago, several Austrian soldiers in the garrison at Mayence gave up the ghost during this diabolical operation. In justice to the Austrian authorities I am bound to admit, that I had, in prison, an' apartment to myself; an apartment in which there was a bed-a hard bed to be sure, but a comparatively clean bed. I was also permitted to have, at my own cost, whatever food I" thought proper to order, and a bottle of hock heimer from the hotel. Nor was I subjected to the slightest inconvenience in respect to my toilet. This kindness that was shown to me must have been the consequence of the recent " alliance ; " for ever my attendant or keeper,' more than once alluded to the treaty of the second of December. I had left my card with the commissioner of the hotel, and had requested him to present it to the son of the English ambassador on his return from England and inform him of the place where I should always be found " at home," whenever he might call upon me Meanwhile I reconciled myself to my temporary loss of liberty, thanking my stars that I had withstood the importunity of my sister, who wished to accompany me to Vienna. What would have been her feelings, on seeing me taken away from the hotel, it would, indeed, be difficult to describe. Conscious that I had been guilty of no offence, and that I had nothing to fear and perfectly satisfied that I should soon be set free, I passed my second day in prison, in excellent spirits. To tell the real truth, I regarded ' my wrongs as a mere adventure ; of which the reminiscence, in after life, would be at all events, amusing. On the third morning of my incarceration, I asked my attendant, in a light- hearted tone", how long he was likely to have the care of' me ? This man, who (I have the vanity to believe) had grown to like me, replied, confidentially, that it would be difficult to say ; but,", that he knew my passport had been forwarded to the Austrian minister at Brussels (it was at Brussels that I had obtained my passport), with a request that inquiry should be made respecting me and the person to whom my telegraphic message was addressed. He further informed me that several of my letters and papers had been sent to Brussels, for the pur- ' pose of aiding the Austrian officials in finding J out who I might be, and what my object in * coming to Vienna. It was eleven o'clock. I had finished my breakfast, had lighted a cigar, and thrown myself upon my bed, to smoke and think, when suddenly the door of my room (it would be in- correct to describe it as a cell was opened, and l in walked the official whom I had seen at the bureau, and who had behaved so rudely to me. As soon as I recognized him, and observed his countenance, I was satisfied The had discovered his mistake ; rising from my bed, I made him a very low bow, and requested him, in the politest manner imaginable, to be seated. (By the way, there was only one chair in my room. He was a good deal embarrassed. I could see that he felt the contrast between my conduct towards him, and his towards me, in point of receiving one another. It would have gratified him-at least my experience of human nature teaches me to think so had I been guilty of any vehement demonstration. Rude- " ness, at that moment, would have delighted him, while civility galled him to the quick, and made him ashamed of himself and before he had time to pour forth the excuses and apologies with which he was, literally pregnant, I began to expatiate on the excellence of the prison arrangements in Austria, and thanked him for the consideration I had received during my stay in my apartment. " Herr Jenkins," my visitor said, "I have made a grand mistake. I have been bringing." Here I conceived I might indulge in a little silent satire-and simply bowed assent, smiling blandly the while. There was my snuff-box on the table. My visitor took it up, and requested my permission to take a pinch. My animosity, whatever amount thereof lurked within my breast, was speedily dissipated. Ah ! It is not in words that these foreign diplomatists even each us. It is by the delicacy, the tact, and the prettiness of their manners, when they think proper to display them, that they achieve with English- men such immense ends. " You will forgive my stupidity ? It is proverbial that the English are as generous as they are brave." "Yes, I will forgive you," I replied. " But on one condition." " Which is ?" " That you never visit England." "Why that condition ?" J S , " I will cause you to be received by the English draymen, and you may have heard how reckless a race they are." I said this jocularly. He lifted his hands aloft and laughed loudly General Haynau was evidently no favourite of his or else (which was most probable he indulged in merriment to conceal his real sentiments. It is needless to enter into the particulars which led to my restoration to freedom. 6 Since my " hard case, there has been a case even harder still. The clergyman attached to the British Embassy was apprehended and imprisoned. The " suspicious circumstances that led to his incarceration were, that he had upon his person "an extraordinary coin" (British sovereign) ; could not make himself understood and had wandered some miles from Vienna without a passport ! Let us hope that the clergy- man's case will be the last and that the House of Hapsburg will cease to fear that a solitary Englishman may upset the throne. 