-RECREATION. - Ssdmebody lio .has not thought fit to as sume a nom .de plume, has occupied abouit twb columns of last eeks issue min the expression of his serpise iindignationI and disappoint mettj at anL article) oun 'Recreatioa; I which appea.red in the Chronicle afortnight..agoi As it it inconvemient to-refer to the -author of a production. nider discussion witihoit knowing his naime wvewvill tiikc the liberty of giving our c6dresonenitodenone; hichl weare sire will suit him admirably: MSuppose then we call hi~i'B;ti and proceecdforthwith to es amine as succinctly ais: may be the epistolary effert-whihStiggins has ipu-t forth4=>, - r The first thing we notice after the "surprise axidd idignation"'is, that accordingto Stiggi we have.for..ourobject the .undermining:of Evangecal Christianity-- will leave this hiowever 'to "thio`last, anitd first .as stainoon possession oftan?. educated mind." He begins the second pargraiph of his letter with the following ''rell-witten seiitence, which will servevery well.as a-sample of the rest,: Y;" ou will surely-admit a few words .ii .eply,'al -though-the- difficulties in-o doing, because- of-the plausibilltj o the writer's arguments, and the short speaoxciy aforded. by-a newspapeir. and con sequently.the:few passages. possible to refer to out of the present obnoxious article, must be many."- , 7 Althougq the ificulties in so docig;'as Stiggins-has written the sentence, would refei not to the "reply," but to the " adiil'sion of a few words'." Oh ! Stiggins, this is -very- bad indeed, but it is not the worst; let us see whliat omes next; "And- cjoisiruenitly'ithe few df?As dilossible to refer out of the present o? noxious article muist Lbe many ' "; '-I. one part-of-hisletter Stggins appeals tothe shades of David,Asaph, Hayden, and Handel;to-thun der i;our:enir. Now, iwe are not nm?itiius, we .ill not soar so high,ibut il sats , pr selves with : the= cry,. Oh ! Lindley, rray, show up the -ignorance of this person: -:Oh ! Stig?m?sn hoiv Csan yo :write about "'ioss-le to refer oil- of 7'. How. can: you: ay itha ir owmiarticle is. f obnoxiousi,'and thlt"the few passages possible .to::refer, to out of it (in it, .you should have said, Stggins)are -many7 Ai- abbove 'ill,- Stiggins, believing! as you do in ghosts, what could you do, wihat'siould you say, if poor Haydn should get up out of his grave at your summons, and ask you what you meant by spelling his name with an . ea 1 We might ask you. very, properly, Stiggins, what you have done with the rest of the sen tence :.beginning'with ".transparent,'.and. ab rputlry stopped in the middle by the some what appropriate words "in short." We might too : go on through your letter, and show sen tence. by sentence how you have proved your self'if~capable of constructing a common place paragraph: but we know what you mean, Stiggisi :i e don't wish to quibble with you,, and would not have pointed out your iistakes if you had not claimed as a: matter of course that whlich you obviously don't possess, " an educated min"d. ":So much for your grammar ; now for. your Jogic. After 'iforini g us that Asaph played what- David composed-a- fact bjr. the -way rather beside the question· you quote the fol lowirig paissage from the article you are so ably reviewing:--. Ignoring the fact which unaided common sense teaches, that our endowment with musical taste and power of expression is in itself an authority for their exercise. And then youi go on to say, "Miiniisters don't ignore the fact in the least,-all their sermons being-'noof to the contraryrthat the5y know men think o." Surely, Stiggins, ypur mind must have undergone education in Geelong ; the first sentence quoted is decidedly Geelongese. You say, " llinisters don't ignore the fact (ad vanced'by us, mind), their sernwns being proof to the contrary." Exactly, Stiggins; then they do.ignoie the fact, and their sermons prove it; or else. they don't ignore the fact ;.and their sermons are false. The sentence bears either cohstruction. equally 'well, and exhibits that beautiful.arranigeiment which you-as a logician, Stiggi s, will appreciate so fully,-a flat con tradiction. nBut;we are allowing the peculi-. arities of your style to conceal the logic with which" you have' favoured -us, and which we desire to examine... Somebody has told you, Stiggiis, something about the construction of a syllogism, and so you venture, on-.a little dissertation, which-dwill doubtless tend to. the increase among the little ,boys '.who read the Chronicle-- of "educatedmninds.!" You.say,Stig giiis; that "no conclusion can be drawn with out its premise." Now; althouigh you call us youi adversary, Stiggins, we will have great pleasure in leaving at the office of this paper for'your further enlightenment a little book on. logic, by one Whately, which will show you,. Stiggins, that every conclusion is deduced from two premises, one of which maybe suppressed, bit iiust .hbe always .admitted-; - to: quote you again, Stiggins, "if-it were not for the young and thoughtless~ this literary production of yours " might be' treated: with ridicule;" but people, particularly the young ones, who 'are in the habit of enjoying a conversazion6 about. the rails of isolated- situations, when the wea the r illnot pn'ermit the adjo6uriiinhtof their meetings, to, the tliie of railway,". niight be hl?,h?bitheuecu.euliar views you hold of the first laws in logai:, .: - _ .zý-,? ? It is a pity that: Stiggis does not write better; it swould take so much lesstime and Spacetodansiverhim for-wwhile we hiavie de voted some sheets to the exhibitioni of hisig no rance, a few lines will suffice t5answer-all that.requires a ? inswer. in the heapl of. ve: bosity whiich his cacoethes scrbendi has pro duced. Stiggins can't see the difference between ?'use mid abuse We aeright in assertir that our eiidowmnient withfimuical taste and ,power of exppresion is in itself an authority for their exercisei and: so of every oth~ r endownient arid all endowments- we-not only nidy but shouild use... If ,Stiggins.has got a dictionary aiid will taketiihe troubl t look up the wor d i'fEndowment," he will find tliat itis . "a quality or faculty bestowed by the Creator, and we sugest, to hiii that to de siignate covetousness, robbery, lust andimurder as" endowments' is blasphemy;: these ?are the fruits of sn, of whic tlie :devil is tli? aiuthor, aiod it is false ani l -iicked to term them even abuses of endowmenits....?hen. Stiggins can show that all that, wliich is called by miaw worms like hliimiself- secular music is an abuse of the-talent with:' which -ie are endowed, -we will :?dmit :tlia? eho his pllroved soiiimething. "Shades of David aidAsalih;'shades of Hayden iniud Haindel, -icy. comes inext. 'Noiv, will Stigins have tie h'irdiliood to say that in the churches and cliapel of the present day we have. the privilege: of- hearing the music of the men he apostrphikes13 Byron says `Loud rings.in air the chapel bell;, 'Tis ihihed what sounds are these I hea!, : The organ'si soft celestial swelL . Rolls deeply on the listning ear. Thornyiji aoiostsels' is d letrairib , Though he who hears the-music long , Wilinever wish to bear again. " Our choir would sckreelyletexcused, :Even as a band of raw beginnes ;: . All mercy now must be refused . \--- To such a set of croaking sinners. If David, when his toils were endled; SHad heard these blockheads sing before hiau,: -To is his Psalms had" ie'e, des'ended, .In furioussinodi:he would liave tore 'em'. The luckless Israelites; when taken \----Bysome inhuman tyrant's ordeal, - Wereasked to sing, by joy forsaken, :,On Baisylonlan river's borider. Oh I had they sung in notes lik these,b ..,i/ispired byt; yratagem i?rfe, . rs' , They might luhse set their hearts'at case - e S-The devila soulhad stay d to hear . It is well for- 'ywhios name ithis igno ramus canmiot spl thiit he j~d Handel, Beetho? v&~i a;ahrzairtare intheirgaveav forhbowwould it grieve them to.hearth'e nasal discord which as a rule, has usurped the place of the soul1 stirring music they bequeathed to :us It.is not such music as their's we condemn itis not such of the :clergy s `are -astronomers; electricians, andgeologists that we exclaim against,. but it is.against.those.who .fromigno rance or prejtidice, or both, do more to hinder the spcrad of divine trutlr than all the avowed enemies of 'religion put together. We are accused by. the writer whose crude and point less production we have been criticising, of "ostensibly vindicating men's, rights to recre ation,?,while. we: are really endcavouring to undermine Evangelical Christianity." This calumny: we despise as much as we do its author, whose scriptural texts stand cheek by jowl ivjthl passages charged .with, intolerant malig ity. As- a, Christian .we' make no war on Christians, but rather on those asses (they have not the wit of wolves) who in. sheep's clothing get. in amongst the flock and taint it. While we live weo will exclaim against the hollow cant. of hypocrites,'aid, the: ignorant prejudices of fanatics; for we know that it is to these that Christiahity owes many of her troubles; it is to these we can attribiite the spiritual, destruction of many a" child -whose infancy has been one long abhorrent- penance; it is to these;? e attribute the inaking of many. is hopeless infidel, the marring: of many a Christian character. Prejudiced and ignorant ministers 'have emptied many a church have hardened many a heart-and we fear lessly -and solemnly tell - all such that as their. stewardship is noble and great.,so is their responsibility vast, and we warn-them that it behoves them to look narrowly to their conduct when. th-ey: find that conduct-ques tioned, for :assuredly there. will ibe, rightous judgment between a minister and his people, and ia time will-come when we shall, know whetlier'in our relationship between minister and people we have done ill or well.-Con mnunicated. 