COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. IN no Australian colony ought there to be a summer session of Parliament. Temper is greviously affected by temperature. The hotbed of a close Assembly Chamber produces anything but senatorial cucumbers. Legislation in this sultry weather degenerates into mere oratorical pyrotechny; and a very pretty display of such fireworks has Victoria recently witnessed. Mr. Duffy played the part of Roman candle, blurting out short angry speeches, one after the other, in swift succession, like a series of blue fire-balls; Mr. Fellows fizzed and banged right and left like an obstreperous cracker; Mr. Michie hissed like a serpent; and the venerable Evans bounced up ever and anon with a boom and a blaze, like jack- in-the-box or a flower-pot. Mr. Duffy "initiated" the row by insinuating that the Government was corrupt. Mr. Fellows rejoined with a hint that Mr. Duffy was a blackguard and a liar. The incarnate "May," the model member, who has sat in a real St. Stephen's Parliament, and who, therefore, considers himself entitled to assume the "Sir Oracle" on all points of Parliamentary practice, bidding colonial puppies cease to bark when he condescends to open his learned lips for their instruction, then so far forgot himself as to call his opponent naughty names directly, instead of talking at him through the Chairman of Committees. The imputation of corrup- tion having been thrown back, like a dead rat, "with disgust and scorn," at the head of the hurler, Mr. Duffy appealed for protection to the chair. Mr. Fellows indignantly asserted that he was "in posses- sion of the chair"; and thereupon ensued a ferocious squabble for it. The fight could hardly have been fiercer if the combatants had been struggling phy- sically,--each tugging away at an arm, like dogs for a contested bone. Poor Mr. Aspinall, the occupant, appears to have feared that it would end in this, and leave him squatting in a very undignified position on the floor; shuddering when he thought of the Parlia- mentary precedent of the ejection of the Rump. Three times did Mr. Duffy "rise to order": bobbing up and down as if his pantaloons were made of indiarubber, or rather springing from his seat as though the bench were a prickly-pear bush or a pincushion; so savagely did he command Mr. Fellows to "sit down." That gentleman--very unnecessarily-- affirmed that he was "sick of Parliamentary usages," and a glorious Donnybrook scrimmage succeeded; everybody want- ing everybody else's words to be taken down--nobody knowing what the words were, and the hapless clerk, rendered fatuous by the tumult, feebly shrug- ging his shoulders, and muttering Non mi ricordo. Mr. Fellows having volunteered a repetition of his offensive expressions, Dr. Evans asserted that the worst had been left out in the repro- duction. This brought up Captain Perry, who had "a distinct recollection of the words used." "The hon. member," said this gallant son of Mars and Mnemo- syne, "commenced with thc word 'if,' and I can also remember the words 'electioneering purposes.' " A very "distinct recollection" of half a dozen sentences! When the storm had somewhat lulled, Mr. Duffy, to prove that he didn't mean to charge Ministers with corruption, particularised one instance in which he said they had been guilty of it. Mr. Michie "rose to order," but was told by Mr. Duffy to "sit down to order, please." To his order, I suppose. Verily. Mr. Duffy stands sadly in need of a little of that bitter "spice" which Mr. Dalley says is good for senators suffering from moral flatulence, puffed-up stomachs. With an ingenious burst of what he would say, if it were not unparliamentary, from Mr. Michie; and a growl, "which, if not pardonable, he found it diffi- cult to repress," from Mr, Ebden--this very creditable shindy concluded. Our Melbourne neighbours are so unbearably "bouncible"--they do give themselves such ridicu- lous airs of superiority over the universe in general, and ourselves in particular (notwithstanding our having licked them thoroughly in every inter- colonial contest in which they have as yet ventured to engage)--that I must confess I like to see them mortified, It is pleasant, when the pavements are muddy, to watch the tumble of a white-ducked swell who has been turning up his nose at the miry gar- ments of the bespattered populace. As our Southern friends plume themselves especially upon their "manners," I know it will particularly gall them to have the specimen of the politeness of their Parlia- ment, which the 18th of this month furnished, held up to thc admiring gaze of the "bunyip New-South- Walers"--(thus elegantly have those "stuck-up people," our Victorian cousins, christened us). I have therefore done all in my small power to give publicity "on this side" to the late senatorial "scene" on the other. The Melbourne Press played the Phari- see with very broad phylacteries, when it had to speak of the publican-like behaviour (excuse me, worthy licensed victuallers, I am only quoting Mr, Parkes' insult, to remind you, of it) of the Tasmanian Senate. Perhaps these very righteous scribes will be a little humbler and more charitable in their stric- tures for the future, now that they have found that their own heaven-born-- synonymous, of course, with Victoria-bred--statesmen are, after all, when tested, only as other men. In Melbourne, alas! as in other places the wide world over, legislators can get into very contemptible "scots," and make laughing-stocks of themselves for those who witness their tantrums. Wherein consists the impropriety of kid as a cover- ing for clerical fingers? I ask, because "J. D. L.," who has been advertising in the Empire during the last month or two (how scarce berths must be!) for a clerk's situation for a young man--sandwiching him, as a nominative case, between two verbs in a house- maid-out-of-place style of composition that one would hardly have expected from the learned and literary owner of those celebrated initials-- announces that his protegé "does not wear kid gloves,"--evidently con- sidering this a very great merit. Suppose the young man wears wash-leather, lisle, or even berlin, gloves: what the better or worse in an arithmetical point of view (or any point of view) does this make him. Suppose he wears none at all; what logical inference can we draw from the fact but that the dust must often stick to his fingers, and that consequently he cannot have clean hands? (To persons of metaphorical turn of mind this might not, perhaps, appear a very great recommendation, in the case of an applicant for a position of trust.) Why on earth a man should be a better accountant because he doesn't dress like a gentleman, is a mystery to me. There is an affectation of "rough"-ism that is quite as absurb as the most effeminate foppishness--quite as vain, too. The conceit of the wilful sloven is every bit as great as that of the over-natty coxcomb. The sloven, indeed, is often prouder of disgusting everybody than the poor little swell is of pleasing everybody (as he thinks). When that dirty beast, Diogenes, befouled Plato's carpets with his filthy feet, exclaiming: "Thus I trample on the pride of Plato;" "With greater pride, O Diogenes," was Plato's apt reply. Mr. Dyer, no doubt, has screened himself from a good many ill-natured remarks by his frank confession that his recent railway invention labours under the dis- advantage of having been found out some years before he hit upon it. When the first Napoleon trod upon anybody's toe, he used to cry out him- self, and thus prevent the startled sufferer from scream- ing. Mr. Dyer has adopted a somewhat similar plan. After the very handsome peccavi which Mr. Dyer has published in both the Sydney papers the engineer on whose patent he had unwittingly infringed would find it lost labour to call him a plagiarist. A plagiarist indeed, Mr. Dyer is not; but will he excuse me if I hint that editors of scientific journals are generally ex- pected to he rather better up in the history of science than he appears to be? Is the Cyclopædia to which his friend directed his attention a very rare work? To save himself thc trouble of digging out with diffioulty what elsewhere he might find ready to his hand, hadn't he better read a little more before he sets up for a mechanician? To avoid the annoyance of publicly withdrawing pretensions to originality rather pom- pously proclaimed, wouldn't it be well to see that they are securely founded before he prints them? For a man to pull off to-day the laurel wreath he proudly twined around his brow the day before may be an honest task, but it can scarcely be a pleasant one. The affair reminds me of the rustic who brought his straw watch--the fruit of toilsome years--into the town, and found, to his discomfited astonishment, that chronometers--far superior to his--had been in use there for many a year. I cannot resist the temptation of subjoining another parallel, although it is not quite complete:-- "Goldsmith had long a visionary project, that some time or other, when his circumstances should be easier, he would go to Aleppo, in order to acquire a know- ledge, as far as might be, of any arts peculiar to the East, and introduce them into Britain. When this was talked of in Dr. Johnson's company, he said, 'Of all men, Goldsmith is the most unfit to go out upon such an Inquiry; for he is utterly ignorant of such arts at we already possess, and consequently could not know what would be accessions to our present stock of mechanical knowledge. Sir, he would bring home a grinding barrow, which you see in every street in London, and think he had furnished a wonderful im- provement."--Boswell's Life of Johnson. I was much amused by the string of ''Jerrold's Witticisms," that appeared in Saturday's Herald. Here are two more that I have met with somewhere or other-- in "Poet Bunn's" Word with Punch, I think; that plucky piece of impertinence which made the saucy satirist of Fleet- street, for the first and last time, show the white feather. A friend met Jerrold wandering in the neighbour- hood of the West-end "hells," and thus addressed him: "Well, Mr. Jerrold, what are you doing here? picking up character, eh?" "There's a good deal lost here," said Jerrold. Some one told him that Bentley (on whom "he had a down") had originally intended to christen his magazine The Wit's Miscellany, but feared that the public would consider such a title too conceited. "Well, his modesty need n't have made him adopt the very opposite," was the caustic rejoinder. Mr. Fowler, I see, will lecture on Jerrold next week. May he have as good a house as both subject and orator deserve; and that will be a bumper. I hope "Prometheus" will be present, and listen attentively to Jerrold's definition of dogmatism--"puppyism come to maturity," with any comments of a personal nature that the sight of such an auditor may excite friend Frank to give. It might do the young man good-- check him in his canine career of yelping like a cur at the heels of everybody. As I have constituted myself Poet Laureate and Historiographer to his Invisible Slyness, the Ulladulla ghost, I must state that a bulletin was published this morning, proclaiming that the "mysterious being" had, at length, been proved to be a "bird." The Ulladullians have great reason to be grateful to the Ulladullian scribe who has made their ebullient valour and Bœotian brains the laughing-stock of the colony. Monday evening. 