THE CHINESE POLLTAX IN VICTORIA. (From the Morning Chronicle, December 8.) i O ern colonies ate becoming decidedly exclusive. But a short time has clasped since they unanimously opposed the further admission of convicts, by whose labour they had gown to greatness, and whose' presence, if duly regulated, would still have been of inestimable advantage in new countries where so much work of tho roughest kind, was to be done, and so few hands for the task. In that case however plausible, though, in our opinion, fallacious arguments could be advanced in justification. But what can bc said in favour of the Act recently passed by the Legislative Council at Victorin, by which a capitation tax bf £10 has been laid on every Chinese landed in the colony,- and by which ships engaged in bringing them to Port Phillip aro only nllowed one passenger of that race in every ten tons register ? These rules have beon partly evaded by landing immi- grants from the Celestial Empire nt Adelaide, whence they have a tedious land, journey to the gold-fields. But the'principle has been established that the con- fessed object of legislation. Bhould be to prevent nn influx of Chinamen into Victoria. "Yet the circum- stances of both <:nintrics-tho old empire as well ns the young '-olony - point.outthe mutual advantage of .emigration from one lo tho other. In China a redundant population produces a fearful rivalry for the means of subsistence, 'which lowers wages of every kind to a scale barely sufficient to prevent the artisan from dying of want. Evils such ns might fairly be foreseen have resulted from this state of things. Improvement in arts and manufactures has been for ages stationary. Thc frightful destitution of the lower orders, has made uv 'fanticide almost a necessity to bring the food annually ? produced .and the numbers to consume, it, income pro. portion. If, on the other hand, the, entire' globe weri s'earchéd for tho best outlet' for this' overgrown popula tion- the' outlet whèrë their'présence would be mos serviceable, and -wera: at the: same time, the bestifieh nifs in Western Australia would peyona ail aouot oe , selected." There the conditions we have 'pointed out ' as indispensable would be best fulfilled. Imme- diate employment would be at once obtained by any number of immigrants ;. while , the.en terprise of the British settlers, aided by ^ch I powerful auxiliaries, would be enabled to accelerate still further ti e rising greatness of our prosperous ' de- pendencies. The Chinaman is the best raw material for a colonist. He is superior to A Matias of any other raoe in industry, and generally too in physical advan- tages. The habits of life acquired in his native coun- try, where land is cultivated with the. greatest carei fit him for agricultural pursuits. Yet, will it be credited that regulations siich as we have mentioned are ia force to exclude Victoria from tho 'benefits', it would derive from the immigration of these men } The welfare of Viotoria, as of every other new .coun- try, depends on the increase of ' its population from other than' internal sources. : Complaints; are already: heard that emigration, from the British isles has. fallen off- largely, and threatens soon, to cease altogether. Irish famine or Highland desti- tution are now happily so improbable, that the large supplies of men which the new world received, from these calamities cannot now be expected. ' Germany will no doubt furnish many an industrious household to the uncultivated wilds of Western Australia. But still more fruitful sources must be calculated oh, and we know of none comparable to China. < The reason assigned by the colonial pres« for refusing emigrants from that quarter is certainly amusing. - pur good kinsmen of victoria are forsooth apprehensive lest "the purity of their blood should bo corrupted ' by a " Chinese, invasion." Amongst the colonists them- selves, however, there have not been: wanting 'men better acquainted with the true, interests of the yqunjj country, who have exposed the abs irdity. of this argument. ' A certain. Captain Dawson, bf thè^sjhip Cornwall, has enterei, ' the lists in defence pf common sente. He instances the example of California, where similar restrictive legislation'had been'attempted with reference to the Chinese, and points to the languishing trade- and declining revenue it there occasioned; while, on the other baud, the prosperity of our settle- ments at Penang and Singapore prove"the advantages which may accrue from a contrary.pDlioy. In Singa- pore there are 50,000 Chinese, and about 500 Euro- peans, besides Malays or Klings, who aro all.in perfect amity, controlled, or rather protected, by one pr,twp Sepoy regiments. Captain Dawson's filial argument is an appeal to the abstract justice of the case, in com- pliance with which he exhorts the inhabitants of Vic- toria not tb show that they alone of the entire Btit.isk race are unfaithful to the mission of that people -"a I mission which has for its object tho elevation, and bn lightenrhent of the whole human family." Many pf the Chinese return to their native country ; yet this only affords a new argument for their hoing, encouraged to take up a residence in Victoria. -, They bring with them into tho remote interior of lhe Celestial Empire, where our arm's' have never , pene- trated, a respect for English institutions and the, English character. It cannot but bc . of the highest" importance that a great Asiatic State should be rendered acquainted with tho universal dominion of the rulers of India; Again and though stated as the last, it cannot be held os the least important consideration by a nation which annually spends such Bums on propagating the Christian religion-these returning Chiness must bring some notion of divine truth to a country where a revo- lution in religious opinions is in process of being ac- complished. : Whether, therefore, these colonists finally settle in Victoria, or return, to their own country, _ their emigration, is beneficial. We. aro far from desiring to interfere in the internal affairs of a ' colony ; but wc hope our observations may aid iii ef- fecting the repeal of the late impolitic regulations of the Legislature at Victoria. FUEL IN CINCINNATI.-The Cincinnati newspapers are. discussing the causes and probable results of a scarcity of fuel beginning to be felt in that city. ' It is stated that if the low water in the river shall continue another month, all classes of citizens must suff;r se- verely, nnd particularly the poor and those engaged as operatives in fuel.using manufactories, during the approaching cold weather. On the doors bf most of the coal offices on Wednesday there was written " No orders received to-day/' and tho woodyards communi- cated equally unwelcome intelligence to stich tts sought to purchase. Though the. prico of coal on that day waa twenty to twenty-five cents per . bushel, the Qazztte states it would have brought as readily fifty cents, had deniers demanded it. A close estimate of the stock in the city for sala placed it ata week's supply, or one hundred thousand bushels. It is pro- bable this state of things will attract rib special attenT tum in distant parts of the country, but it'is in. fact another of those peculiarly American events which startle by their total difference from anything presented elsewhere. Cincinnati, but a few short years ago.'« city in' the wilderness, suffering for want of wood. Orleans Delta. . NIOUT.-Night levels all artificial distinction. The I beggar on his pallet of straw, snores as soundly as the I king on his bed of down.-Night-tho earthlyparadise ! of the Blave, the sweet oblivion of the care-worn soul, the nurso of poetry, of devotion-how the groat pant, I lng heart pf society yearns for the return of night and rest ! Sleep is God's special gift to the poor ; but for the great there is no fixed time for repose. Quiet they have none. ; and instead of calmly awaiting the ap- proach of events, they fret and repine and stare sleep, and chide the tardy hours ; as if every" to- morrow were big with the fate of some groat hereafter. Tho torrent of ovents goes roaring past, "keeps eager expectation constantly on tiptoe, and drives timid slumber away. There is something strangely beautiful in the contemplation of night-when the smiling Stars seem to do' homage to their palefaced queen, and the clouds float silently through tho tranquil sky, and the wind speaks in soft'whispers, as if fearful bf waking tho sleepers. Such is the sweet repose of blameless conscience. But when the hues of evening slant dimly away, when the cheerless curtains of darkness ure drawu, when the orial shadows loom up and flit along the vaulted arch " like grim ghosts trailing blackness through the heavens,"--su ch is the fearful shadow that hangs over the broken slumbers in which there is rio ' peace. ', ?,: 