THE CHURCH SOCIETY AND THE SOLICITOK- I . GENERAL. I To the Editor of the Empire. I Sm-It is very arousing and instructivo to note the uniform tendenoy of "birds of a feather to flock together"-to.soo how mon nf all sorts and dispositions have a lcnnolc of finding out those who sympathise with them-to soe that men of " progress" somehow associate with men of progress," and hy the samo rule, men of the other kind havo , an equal power of discerning spirit«, and seem toknow by intuition whero to lay their bands on tho man ju-t flt for thom, ono who perfectly woll understands '.'how not to do it." It does not matter whether it be tho flold of religion, or politics, wnrfare, seioneo, or elsewhere, if it be seriously intended to do any thing, there are tho mea who oan do it, and if tho intontion bo to let it alono, there also is another olass of men admirably adapted for the great purpose of industriously lotting it alene, and in spite of all that moy bo said to tho contrary, "tba right man " gonorally gets into tho "right place." I have been lcd into these remarks by. some articles that havo latterly appeared in tho papors, upon two apparently very different subjeots, tho Sblloitor-General, and tho Ohurah Society. I saw, the othor day, soma rude fellows writing about tho Bishop of Sydney, accusing bim of selecting ÜÍB committee from a set of " namby-pamby " gentlemen, whom they irreverently termed " safo" mon. A few ' days aftor, I saw ono of . theso very' gentlemen rush indignantly into "type," to "provo that' ho was'nt a " safe" man stall, and to do him justice I think ho was right. . No man, . not oven the ghost of a roan, should . . j " Toll tho saaraU of tho prison house." i Ho . certainly cannot bo considered a " safe" man who thus lets tho cat out of, the bag, and oonflrms tho very j thing he .intended to. deny. ' It, uowover, appoars from his own testimony,'that ho was. " elected" as ba calls it, for tho very quality that ought to havo onsurcd his re- jection-beoauso, on i fact, ho had' novcr expressed any opinion on tha'subj?ot under consideration. No wonder, thought I, that tho Synod tarries so tong -no' wonder ' tho Bishop contrives to " choke" tho Church, when ho gats hold of such accommodating com- mitteemen ns. this to " èlt on it." No wonder tho groot Hcicnoo of ". how not to do it" has arrived nt suoh per- fection in tho Church Sooioty, when suoh fitting tools aro to, bo found so readily.' Surely. I thought, who on earth oan this man bc this dommitteo man who considers himself tho repre- sentativo of À publia mooting of churchmen-who ii «ot ashamod to _mako_ so humiliating a oonfosBion. Surely ho must ,bo tim . original taciturn Dutchman of whom lt was said, " Monsieur nun grand talent pour le silence.' Is it possible, I thought, that tho old King had a pro- phetic meaning whon ho wroto . . ".Ho that rorratnath his Upo i« wiso ?" As in tho Ohuroh, so In tho Stato, whonovor it i? ne- cessary " not to do it," thoro ÍB always tho " right mon walting to bo put in " tho right plaoo,'" for, Baith ola Eliphaz, " Ho that is wise moy bo protltablo to-him- self." t,t It is vory odd-vory-that yon should havo Btumbloa (pardon tho word) upon tho very expression that raised; our hilo lost weok. You object to tho now Solicitor General beoauso . ho, is a " safo man"-" booauso no koopa bis politics under a bushol." Sn do I; I dont ,llko mau .who. aro _BO. disgustingly oloso, who. nowt " directly or indirectly show or othorwlso express »ny opinion,whatovor" upon tho vory subject at Issuo, and 1 venture to prodlot that tho doy is not far distant whoo, , both In Ohuroh and Stato, tho sorvloos of mob cautious, 'trimming "fogloa" will bo dispensed with. 