î LATER FfiOM EUROPE. i'u ' -7- >% 'THE Phoenician, which vessel arrived yesterday, left the Downs on tho 20th of January, and has brought nows to tho 18th. Tho only political, topic that seemed rising to anything like nacional interese was the op- position to the income tax, which was being agitated more generally every day. The trial,of Pierce, Burgess, and Tester for the great bullion robbery on the south-Eastern Railway terminated on the 1G th of January. Pierce was sentenced to two years' hard labour, with three months' solitary confinement ; Bur- gess and Tester were sentenced to transporta- tion for fourteen years. . ' The trial of Leopold Redpath and Kent, which came off on the 10th of January, re- sulted on the acquittal of Kent and a sentence' on Redpath of transportation for the term of his natural life. We give a report of Uhe trial in full on another page. On the 15th of January, Sir " E. Bulwer Lytton, was installed as Lord Rector , of Glasgow University, with great demonstrations of enthusiasm. , The assassin Verger, for the murder of the Archbishop of Paris, was to be tried on the 17th of January. He put in an appeal against the form of his committal, which was con- sidered by the Court of Cassation on the 15th, and rejected. . In connection with tho impending doom of Verger, we find the following in the Times, January 17 :-" Tho case of Verger naturally calls to mind tho ceremony bf degradation with which a priest was formally visited before capital punishment could be inflicted on him. A French ordonnance in 1571 was the last which prescribed this terrible formality. In the 18th century, on tho refusal of the Arch- bishop of Aix to degrade a priest who had been condemned to death, tho Parliament of Aix declared that for the future secular justice could dispense with tho degradation. The fol- lowing are tho principal incidents of tho ceremony, which according to ancient authors, never failed to produce an immense effect on the spectators:-On the scaffold a bishop took/ his seat on a throne surmounted by * a canopy, with his assistants seated near him, and opposite to them was a lay officer of justice. Near the prelate was a table, on which were " placed several of tho sacred vessels used in the church service, together with vases of wine and water, the Gospels, the Epistles, a candelabra with an extinguished taper, tho book of exorcisms, the book of lessons, keys, a pair of scissors, a piece of glass, and the vestments and ornaments which a priest wears at the altar. The priest to be degraded was brought forward dressed ns a layman and with his hands bound. His bonds were first of all removed, and on a sign from tho bishop he was decked with the ecclesiastical costume by the attendant priests. The bishop then rose, and, holding his crozier in his loft hand, explained to the pooplo tho cause of the degradation. The culprit after- wards knelt at the bishop's feet, and all tho persons present bent in prayer. Tho bishop then pronounced the sentence of degradation in theso terms :-' In tho name of the Father, the Son. and tho Holy Ghost. Arnon. We, -, having ascertained that the crimo im- puted to the -:-, a priest, has been really committed, '? and is to bo justly punished, ' and finding that this crime is great, damnable, and enormons, and has not only offended Divine Majesty, but agitated tho whole country-wo declare that in consequence thou hast rendered thyself un- worthy of ecclesiastical functions and ecclesi- astical benefices. Therefore, wo, by the au- thority of the Omnipotent God, and by our own power, deprive thee now and for ever of thy functions and benefices, and we pronounce thy degradation according to the tradition of tho canons.' This sentence being pro- nounced, the bishop, receiving the criminal from the hands of the lay officer, scraped the palms of the criminal's hands with the piece of j glass, but without any effusion of blood, in [ order to remove from him the unction re- ceived at ordination. . The tonsure was also scraped away in a similar manner. The priests present then placed in the hands of the culprit wator, wine, the consecrated wafer, &c;, but the bishop snatched them from him say- ing :-' Wo take from thee, or rather we show to the people that wo have already token from thee, tho power of offering tho holy sacrifico to God, and of celebrating mass either for tho living or the dead.' Noxt, tho bishop scraped with a knifo or piece of glass the thumb and forefingers of each hand of tho culprit, and said, 'By this scraping wo take from theo tho power of sacrificing and of bless- ing which thou hadst received by the unction of thy hands and thumbs.' Next tho bishop dragged off the chasuble from behind and said, 'We justly deprive theo of this sacred vest- ment, which signifies charity, because thou hast deprived thyself of innocence.' Then tho bishop removed the stole, and said, ' Thou hast disgracefully rejected tho sign of God,' which is this stole; and that is why wa take it from thoo, and render it unfit for any sacor dotal purpose.' The ceremony here concluded, and the bishop and his attendants withdraw with great pomp and in procession, the spec- tators bonding to tho ground before him as he passed." 