81 UMON I'UIUCHKD PT THE I/Mill niJtlOP OF MEL B'JUuM: ON SUNDAY. h St. I.ufcw, H'tli v.-v/ c ~ i " I.ik' wi (» I sav n»tf» ymi, thcr i- joy in 1 th«; J tv-hic; of I ho .\n.rci* of lioil over o; o ' Mjiiat lTjie*:.'vcth. " The h-pj-iness of the those , hoiv spirits that excel in Mrtn^h, that do tip* commandments of find a d hearken to his WO.A, is always p;i!' c'p . IJ < I not li.il 1" 'o » i'.nimitinn . V i n* r itipliim; vet we i:.;;; iitoi^mc iVeliiifr on peculiar occasions to hi* experienced hy them in a higher (U'j'lee th.'i) at «Jtlit-r times, ;nid we need not therefore u-omlrr at its heiii;* said by the Lord " Time is joy in ike presence of the ange ls of God over one sinner that repeiteth " Ntither need we wonder at the jov \ em^ occasioned !>) Mi'iie event which had fappmed on e;<nh. K'»r 11»-. fcrijiturei r pres nr t!.em a- \ a to M.tiH ami earneM interest in tin* ;dlMr^ of inaii'iviud. Al the ITt'.itioll of tii<* World, W J i i.'/i (iO(i saw everv thin .. tint lit* had made, and prnveti ii to N* M'i y Y o<i, i !u* inon:in;* Mars ;irr declined .i*> siiTin . to^etiwr, . i.<i a ! ift sort- of ( od - the RV.GT N, as si-ou'i'ijjj foi j y. .V jiiii, whui .(lmi> was ht/i n, and le.»k »>p !.is abode on* i ar'.h, u luullit 'JiU e>i the htavinlv ; os' | iiiseiobleih pruibmg God, and sinking '\ .R. IKV.-K ^ " Glory to God in the highest, and on cnrth peice goodwill toward men." It may, however, seem to yon that the creation and redenii tixn of the world weic liotli such a-toni-hing works iT the Divine power and wisdom lis niiyht well call forth the admiration of all God's intelligent creation. that the repentance of a single sinner is too small a matter to attract the attenti;>n of the angels. Hut our I,ord tells lis th.it it is not so. He tells us that it not only attracts their attention, but pio dnces in tiiem the liveliest joy. We are not told that the angels tVf 1 inte rested in any one of those matters which we are n^ed to regard as of the utmost importance. The discoveries of science, the inventions of art, the progress of ffecdom and civilisation; and the great advancem?nt of mankind in whatever tends to add to social happiness and individual comfort. The angels may reasonably be supposed to notice these things, but the scriptures say nothing about it. That which causes joy among thetn is the repentance of a sinner even of a single , sinner. For our Saviour does not say, .' There is joy over n nation that repenteth," but over o;^e sinner that repenteth. Now, my brethren, why should the angels rejoice at a sinner's repentance-a circum stance in which they would appear to have so little concern ? Two reasons may be assigned for this joy, viz:-The consequences of repentam e to the sinner himself, and the glorious manifestation of the attributes of Jehovah in him. The consequence's of repentance to the sinner himself are a reason why the angels should rejoice. Consider what s e|)vr,tnnce is, and wlmt its consequences I are t-> the sinner. Kepentance is n conversion from sin to holiness, wrought bv the influence of the Holy Ghost, who working upon the inind of the sinner, im;>els him to exclaim with the jailer at i'liilli|>pt, " What shall I do be saved?" These lead him to the cross of < hri't, reveal Jesus to him as an all sufficient Saviour, and enable him to sicze the promise of a full and free for giveness j renews hiin after the divine image in righteousness and true holi sets him free from the dominion of sin. and admits liirn into the li use of God. to whom he henceforth renders a truthful, although 'imperfect service. Su.-h is the rcpei tance of a sinner, /is spoken of in niy text; a change of heart and life proceeding from I'aiili in the Son of God..; the agent therein being the Spirit of God ; the consequences to the sinner being no less than transition irom ti state of con demnation to a sia'.e of acceptance with God ; to a delivi ranee from the fear of hell and the conviction that he may look upcti the kingdom of heaven in hii. inheritance. The consequences ofreppn tance to the sinner surpass all the the imagination of mnn can conceive. For who can reali-e either the torments of that everlnsting fire from which he has eseaped, or the blessedness of gloi y to which he can now look forward? No eurthly d; liverance canbe compared with that which he h>is experienced, for all the sufferings of this present li:o are a9 nothing to the resurrection of darn el ition. No earthly gain can be pu't in C >ni| e:ition with that which he haf> cquiretl. Such are the consequences of repentance to a sinner. It is then siii'|»ising that all whu. arc really inte rested-and. the holy angels are: really int.rested in the >vclfare of fallen man, and who can duly appreciate, as-the u 'gels can, the blessed effects of the change wrought in liiiu by repentance \- should rejoice nn every occasion when Mich n change is produced. Hut there is another reason why there should lie joy in the presence of the angels of ..heaven over one sinner t!>ut repenieth ; it is, that the attributes of. Jehovah are peculiarly m/uii:fttetl"in every such repenting tinner. In the fi.it chapter of St. I'eter'n first ]S|>ii-tle, verse 12, tho.npnstle describes the itn gvl-. as desirous of looking into the mysteries of the gospel, doubtless that they might discern therein more ceuly, H e manifestation of the divine attributes of Jehovah, and that they might delight in the contemplation of t .e mercy and truth which tlicre meet together, of the righteousness mid peacc which there prevail. Now, my brethren, in eveiy case of the repent, ante and consequent salvation of a feitincr. there is .1 distinct exhibition of these ntiributes, and of this manifold wisdom. Every saved sinner is u living witness of the love of the Father in giving his only heunlicn son to be a propitiation for the «inn of the uvild ; anil to the love tif tin: Son in inak'iig atonement for our sins, and n coneil'iig til to God. F.very such sinner is : mominietit of the o erev of God in Christ,and the wisdom nl (iod t noiijIi out the >.gi s of el.inirv. Kverv sueh 1 sinner is one <>!' the t? nit- ol tie- t* avail i.f the S'ivi ill's .-onl, ;it the sigln ol which he i- s ti:-litd. li is not, there I'ne, <iiiri>»'i-.ii 1 «r that th.' angels vejoice over liini, fur they see displayed in him lie glory of the tiiiinc (iod. They [ .! in h<m an instance of the electing love of the F.ilher, ol tin* redeeming power of the Son, ami of the : 111 t i I "y i!.!; poivir i.f the Sj>ir.t The angels rejoice uilh th. the Lord upon the recovery of a sheep -tr.iyed from the I.»I< 1 - upon the return ?.>: a prodigal .--oil. Ji ii m.t tile va ue . 'I tne In.1.1/ul, iin.-- tim :hli' as th-t i-., so much as the glory of Ulirist and li s int(ie-l in ilit: sa'v.tion of the soul wl.icli it fleet s them. i hus, n.y breth ren, 11s (.'hri.si is concerned lor each miiliIi: individual given him by the J'Vilu r, so do the angels rejoii e with I iin over every 01 e successfully adiinl to the numb, r of the saved. Kael, upon hi.H ri pent nee e 'ii-es, so to ^jjf.iU, .1 liesh burnt of sympathetic j iy Irom 1!'e heavenly emiijianv of speetatoi s, cconlu.g to the savim' of cur l.oril in my text. I'nt what are the piaeteai 'es>ons vihieh our J,old won).! teach ii> l.y thin f.'C. r 1-. it for nothing i e Ii ,s lol.i u.- 11.i- r SureSv not. I,m n-. pro. 1\. 1 il tin n in i!i" 1 ml;.nee > n tie Il.lv ?' I ii it .0 i:r. u li.,111 it .-i.me h,feii-m e lor our i.Mii ii-.-. Ki.st- If \v(. lie ehritti.ui:> indeed, li ue diseijiles of the Lird Jcais Christ, we si,all feel the i same joy which the angels of God feel n* the rcpcntnncc of n sinner. For the snmc reasons which exci'e this joy 111 them will excite it in lis nl=o. F >r the g o: v of our blessed S;ivimtr, mid the "i.-mifi-station of the power ;md love of Cji'(1 in the gospel, will lie according to Itie pr.-.ce cfivt'tt to n1;, n snnree of de light tn n* ;i< well ;is to ill in. Wlnil i"t'e ground o!' tin's j"V ? It 1 s the re pent'inre .ind i nnsi ipient snlvjiti'-n of .1 single <imier We innv well rejoice when we see 1hrcx:ensmn of the visiblt ehureh of Chiist - h:iiidiiif»s lor pub ie worship ereclcd, cleraymen multiplied, «nd congregations inrreii.-mfj. i. 111 t1 <>se lire ground- lor rrjoiving only as they nre me;ii>s to one end only--I hey are conducive to the conversion of sin tiers. Wc should always therefore henr in mind thnt the Lord is glorified and the power nnti Inve of God in the gospel is manifested in the erection not of ii mnterinl hntof n spiritual dwelling -n:.» in the number of ministers, but in the effects of their ministry-not in the many who hoar, but in the few who are begotten by the word. Hence the repentance of a single sinner ought to cxcite in ui more joy than nil the mere outward signs of progress in the church. The latter nre deceitful, but the former is a sure evidence of the grace of God having been put forth amonsr us. It is on such tin occasion that the joy of angels is manifested, that our Saviour rejoicttl). and' calls upon us to .share his joy. Again, the consequences of re pentance 11 a sinner ought to affect us even more strongly than they nfTcct the angel?, seeing that we are nil sinners and children of wrath brought to repen-, tnnce nnd delivered from condemnation by the grace of God. We can then -yr»patiiise, as angels cannot, Vith n repenliint sinner, for we have been, or wo now are. repentant sinners oursalves. We can enter into his feelings of shame nnd sorrow for his past transgressions, 'ail*) for his rebellion against and ingra^ titude townrds God. We can under stand his fears, his doubts, his growing c onfidence, and his final joy and pe .ee in believing. Moreover, with some *uch repentant sinners tve may be united by ties of kindred, affection, or friendship, and then have we not rea son for rejoicing that they have been snatched as brands from the burning that they -are now united with tin in faith anil hope-and that we need fear no eternal separation from thcin. If they be n<;t relatives or friends, they re at/east of our blood, the descen dants of our first parents. Hut here a thought will naturally suggest itself', viz , that if we really rejoice over every sinncj. that repenteth, we must use every exertion in our power to bring sinners to repentance. For it is nut possible for us really to rejoice in an event, and yet not use any eflorts for bringing that event to pass. We do not know what part the holy angels arc permitted to take in human affair.-, but we may be sure if they may in any manner promote the conversion of inners to God it is their delight to d" s .. They nre ready, yea. eager, to do all in their power for < fleeting an\ man's salvation. If we arc to partici pate with them in their joy over one sinner tlmt repenteth, we must be ready to use all the means which God has put into our hands for the came object. We >hall regard the .conver sion and' consequent salvation of any one of our fellow men, and especially of any one with whom we are connecter as that which ue should n> t only most anxiously desire, but ..'leo most earnestly nnd persi'Veringly en denvour to accomplish. Ami iny brethren we may with Gotl'a help,«<lo much foi the salvation of others. It is true thai repentance in the woik of the IIolv Spirit, nnd thnt none but he nlone enn rffict it. Hilt it is equally true thnt thi Holy Spirit woiks in connection with, if | not by the ngcticy of men. No one ol' us cmi actually produce in the heart of n li llow sinner that conviction of his guilt which shrill make him to tremble at the apprehension of the righteous judgment of God, still le?8 that fnitb in the Saviour, «hereby being justified lie will obtain peace with God nnd ba ennh|cd to re j ici! iii hope of the glory'to come. Although we may not. he ithle to effect this internal olmn^e, we can often bring to bear upon a sinner those external in fluences which the Spit it is accustomed to employ in .effecting; his work of grace on tie soul. If ive ennnot ourselves directly woik upon or influence a sinner we m;ty bring to hear upon him the agency of other*. This we may do by I'fsis'iijir >11 the erection of liuildin?>.* foi ;iu'ilie wiii -liiji. in the loain'nineni e o. .inlii't'r.*. nail ill the I'sUablirhirtiiit 0! s. r plural sc'uols. In tlir«e unit oiliet ways rt'r t-lii, 11, if be tine i!e-ii; li t r.l (/..I* st he able iii'eonJio'.: to the oj.po: iniit'es i.If,riiofl it, by t'n' J,ord In brim; .inni'is to lepeiitmi'c. I say niv cicai Ine i.r. i, if Wclic true ile-eijil'.'-i ut Christ. Aie u ;? reiiliv "-in h ? Let i,s- t.ke inn c ill inet in litis |i uticiiitii'i.v a t--i. An u' U-ii^:iuy uirntst and M lf-dem iie. ill leavonrs to promote the eonveision mill .salvation ot those around n- ? I low iniiiU' i f villi lire doing to? Very li M indeed! Fur it' you une, it the [ lo !ck-ed meiiiheis of the Church i>! KimUuul ill tlij- place Were d ,ing this, would tlieie tin n be Mieh a hick of tiicnm- as now < .\i-ta ft,r .suin lying the oiiliiiancc "I t'.e VVhila eveiytbing iiKli ? i. t. v'.,c present* ui wealth ill iicven ivorih. il the many uiembeis of the church had experienced repentance and its Messed consequence, we thould not nuw lie assembled for divine service ill a borrowed st ire But DO ! the tree is known by its fruit, tac character of n people is the.'.il by totir conduct, ainl it i~ ii. t lot us to cull ourselves children ofClnint, if we il l not obey the com mandments of Christ, it is v.iin to po- sess belief in Christ ; if we do Hot s'iew it by <iur actons. I,et ine therefore in conclusion draw from iny text a pi'ac tlcal lesson fur ti ose who are t ot yet iu seiples oi t Ittist, for those who are Mill in a state of impenitence and dis I t-lief. What n s Knni warning and at the same lime what it gracious cn , ciHirafiCiiieiit does our horn's wijing j address to j ou ? If the repentance of I a single sinner he the cause of so much .oy to the impels of God, liow great nn»( be your present peril ? The peril 0f ttif impenitent sinner is great indeed, Ho is on tin- KTfc of eternity. At any moment Ids soul nv.iy lie required «f him, .'Hid lis the tree falls so it lies, ^ iiii'U (lies mi 'Iocs Ills doom remain fixed for ever, for heaven or for lull. |;" von believe this r If win do haw can von eontinm' dead In tin- duties of vq. positions and harden your lions jii;ain>t the judgments ol Gm|« ^ sickm'" or a fall may eairy any one yo'i < in ii nininei t. mkI the.i "will yo'-'r gol.i p; ofii. yoii ? \V!I,hM(, wealth and r:f!u"-* yon i I , Vf must all lv lelt lielund. 1 hey will rot m'ail to raise yon to the killed m 0f heaven. Yon oanii't t-ke 'lietn to 1,11. Oh inv dear friends let me entnat you to coiis'uUr the word of tlia Uil. How great im em'onragnwm » contnined in His faying " There is joy in the presence of the Angels ot ? God over OTIC sinner that repentetli"-. I For if the Angels rejoice ovrr y« f repentancc it shows that tliey',,, S concerned on jour behalf - jt V shews th'at the Ir.avenlv bein»« nrr - terestcd in you, nnd thai their intfrt! ? is identical with that of God and 0fouJ si Lord Jesus Christ. Repentance is 1 possible. There is no one lu re pn -. to whom we may not i-ddress the won!) 'k of tlie prophtt lizeldi ), "liipcntsrd turn yourselves from nil your (r.ins; n sions, so iniquity shall nut be \o r * ruin; cast away from you nil jm, Br transgressions where))}- yi; have irjnj. I gressed, anil make you a new lienrtnl I n now spirit, for why will ye die,0 f House of Israel ? Fur I have ni if pleasure in the death of him tlwtiliet!), | snith the Lord God, wherefore im yourselves and live ye!" OhN^. some one of you, yea, that all i.f \ j, I m;<y bi induced m.t to neglect the pc ( «ent moment. Hearken to the uo:lo' f4 God; seek the Lord while he ni.v> ; be found ; open your hearts ntirl i j the Holy Spirit incline vuir uidit j standings towards a kiimvledje if I j tru'h-towards faith in the mercy of Si God nnd love of our Saviour. P The collection made after the sm:! | - amounted to £19 l.'is Id. His Lr.nWf s| preached a second time in tiie tvipii; jj when a second collection win mi .imountinu to £!) l/L (id, innkingatttfiS of £'-0 10* 7d- | 