THE NEWTOWN EJECTMENT CASE. SUPREME COURT. doi-d:.m nrv.-Nt. v. w.lson asd otiikrs. (Abridfietl frem thi Herald I Tlio trlul of this cause, before Mr Jiutice I)'.ckiii-oti ?nil a upcclnl jury of :\Tl-1vc, concluded 011 Sa ur.luy, baring occupicd thirty day,. The litigation in tliii m'.t In* already IaU-d nearly nlno years Tlicro havo now been two tiial* of the itsuo by special juries, an I, iutcrmtdhtc'y, ft new t l i! mjliou and an appeal to the Privy Council, be-ddci ▼cry many iuUrlocutory applic.ttijns and proceeding*. another appeal to London, ere the cisa is finally ^ettloJ. At present tho dcf.nJjnt* aro the a-.tccefliful parties. , During tbi- intr-rval tna'ir of Iho properties held by j tho -Iejcudifst- on tho roord hwo pai-o:l into other j bands; one of tu l.idy del'.-n Jauts (\tri. I.cd.iU) had ' changed her name, an.i ;.u thcr .lef.udant (Mr. Dent) I has compromised. Tho r enr1, ho»cvirp r tmins th« | «ame. The dv*cIar.n:o:T was f»'e I i \ th » 3rd of October, j 1 ilS, an I wa- in the nu;-re nely aL-cirJ old form usr.l in j tlrflo days. c./nvo)ing no real informatiou as to thn I md« | actually claimed. Although Jo1 n Doa anil Ilirhur t| j I^oc have long since bi-a- got r.d of. with somt of ihe j equally ob-cute ami u^-lc'S teclodc.-diti s of llritish law, | the ghost -jf die aforesaid John \i vfill »i.en as the plum- i tiff iu this action. Tho la id Ajught t » he tvcov.jre-l was described !:i th? filed {.nrticnlars as ?? 2h) acr?* of land, more or less, ' lying and htuto in Xe»v Torn, in the pariah of Peter- ; s!-aui, in tl»'.» ronntr of C.itn'-erlaud, in the colour of j Now South NV.d.M,,; fic . Arc Thi* lan t rraj held by Nl.-hulas OUinp, un tfr t -ro grants from { Coveriior Groic. one dated 179 !? and the other 17UU. j It may be remarked here th*t althuujh of the same family the { ancestor spilkd his uame Divine, and the prttcnt claimant I. r vine. The distinction is not rery material, but It his been of course preserved here. The defendants all claimi-d under Nicholas Divine ^ mIso. Their caie was that he had during his lifetime, on the Wnd of October 1827/conreyed the whole of the lanJi comp-Ucd within these two grants to one Bernard Itochford, by Indentures of lcato and release. The consideration stated in thtie instruments was faithful serriccs by Itochford to Divine, divers iumi of money expended by the former on accuunt of the litter, and a &u;:n of L..35U paid by Roehfordon theexeeution of the conveyance. Thi*sc deeds bure or purporteJ to beir the signa'ure of Divisu* himself, r.« well as of Rochfurd, and of Patk. Franci* Kgan, llu^h Murray, an t Thomas Maher alias Dunn# as attesting witnesses. The property had come luto the possession of the present defi n !? Anti InTarious ways, and for valuiUle consideration, but the only question in this cue was whether or not th: title t f !lochfur«i, 'through whom they claimed, was sustainable. In Its present highly Improved state the properly was worth an cnormout sum. Its value . tud been estimated on the part of the plalntUT at L.4 )'Y and on that of the defendants at L HP,')00. In all probability its value is between the two : perhaps about a quarter of a m lllon. Uut at *the date of this dUputed conveyance to Itochford, when the colony wms young and the land unimproved* its value was very small. There was oodiiputeasto the sufficiency of consideration in floch 1 ford's deed, provided tlut the deed itself was genuine. Uut tho plaintiffs case was that ihis deed was forged. Thus, in fact, forgery or bo forgery was the real point at issue in litis suit. Divine was of very great age, being It wasstatcd.no less than . 104 when he died, in 183J. About eight yrars before this he had been robbed and ill used by buthrangert. According to the plaintff, he never recovered from the effects of this mage, and fur many years before his death was completely Imbecile— prostrate in mind and helpless In body— Incapable, therefore, both mental and manu ally, of making a transfer of his property b- deed. According to the defendants hesjfar recovered from the effects of the bush* rangers' cruelty as to possess his full mental faculties, weakeiud somewhat perhaps by extreme age, but still sufficiently vigorous to render him perfectly capable of disposing of his property in any way that he thought fit Bodily, they admitted, ho was vory Infirm, but not more so than was oatural to a man of his years, and by no means so utterly helpless as was asserted on the other side. The status and means of Itochford was strongly contested and discussed during the trial, but there was eviJi-nce: I. That he was really the assigned servant of Divine at the time in question although his outward appearance and position at thp farm were not Indicative of such a status. 2. That in those days the statutory disabilities which prevent persons of this classfrom acquiring pro perty were not rigidly enforced. The probability or improbability that Devlne would, under these cireumstaoccs, denude himself of all but a life tenure of his property, real nnd personal, fir the pur* p »«e of securing care and attention in his v«ry advanced age, were cutters for argument and consideration. A will made by Divine, in favor of itochford, was also saU to be a forgery. The first trial came off on S6th March, 2837. and lasted eight days. The jury found a vcrdict fjr the defendants, and after an unsuccessful motion to upset this finding, there was an appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, The latter tribunal granted a new trial generally; reversing* io eertaio respects, the luting of the fcupreme Court here. The couosel at the second trial were For the plaintiff, Mr Plunkett, Q C, Mr Dlake, Mr Isaacs, Mr Butler, and Mr Dalley. For the defeudants, Mr Darvall, Q C, Mr Wise, Mr Meymott, itr Holroyd, and Mr Martin. The attorney for the plaintiff was Mr. James Greer, the attorneys for the defendant were.Uessrs. Johnson aud Johnson Taking into consideration all Its circumstances, the magnitude nf the InUrests Involved, the great length of the trial itself and the nature of the question at fssne, this was probably the most extra, ordinary ease ever committed to the ehargeof a llritish judge and jury, and it is admitted on all hands that both judge and Jury have done their duty most ably and faithfully* In allthe courts at NVcst* minster no Judge could have been found more competent to deal with such a case than Mr. Justice Dickinson, and well has he, on this occasion, sustained his high reputation* Every piece of evU dence waa most patiently and carefully received and recorded! every luterlocutory question was deajt with, promptly and ably, as It Arose, and to the firmness and decision of the Judge alone is to bo attributed the perfect order (hat waa maintained throughout. The Court was crowded to excess every day,, and chiefly, it would seem, by friends or partisans of the claimant, for there were on several occasions attempted expressions of applause or other emo. tion as any peculiar remark waa made, or aoy piece of evidence given, which seemed to be of a ^telling* or startling character. Out every such attempt was cheeked on the Instant by his Honor, with a threat not only that the Court should be cleared if Its order was thus outraged, but that the ofiVniers, or some of tbecn at. all events, should be sent to gaol. As to the Jury, they gave to this case throughout the wholo of the protracted trial a degree of alien* tion which was altogether without parallel in the annals of our Courts. They veil deserve, sa was said towards the close of the rase, that their names should b« ever remembered. That this ease was, from first to last, conducted and watched with tho greatest seal and attention by all the professional gentlemen engaged In it need scarcely bs added. . When tho trial waa first commenced. Mr. Darrall was Attorney Genera!, and Mr. Wise, Solictor Gcaesal. By tie time it was half over, there had been a change of Uinistry.and Mr. Martin had taken the Attorney Generalship, white the post of Solicitor Gene, ral had been confetre-i upon agratiem&o; But retained In the causa |Mr.Lutwyche). Out although Mr. Martin thus acquired a leading : poakloo during' the yregresa of the tria],.the actualleadetshlp waa left, by professional etiquette; with Mr. Darvall. and the new At* torney General, with eregt good taste,; raojt completely recognised this leadership As was remarked during the progress of the trial, there have been three Attprueys General and two Solicitors Gcucral j of the colony engaged (q this coi* during its various stage?. i On tho thirtieth day his Honor concluded his able summing : up« i The jury retired at twenty minutes put lOam.s fit twenty Ave : calnutes to four the jury rctcroed to tho' Court prepared to deliver r their vcrdict The foremen thte pronounced a vcrdict for the defend ints. v... ^Ils Hoaoi.a&afo; thsnkfej -$4 complimented th4 jury, and ck~ \- c-rrc*?J his rcjTct that he fell bound to limit Ids award of cooapcusa. ; 4- (ion for their service* to (-vae guinea per day. frocathe 4th to the i S;Jt& &y;, 'find 1.1 &faf;!tper dices f-jr theiemsjindcr.ef the time. ? 