BOWRING'S SIAM. (From the" Times") These volumes will be scanned at the present conjuncture with a very natural curiosity, but with a curiosity which we may fairly pay will not be satisfied if they are looked to for proofs of the vanity and pretentiousness which are so freely, laid to the charge of Sir John Bowring. Whatever natural foibles may be imputed to him, at least they are not apparent here, for his personal views and exploits make a very small portion of the bulky octaves which were one result of his mission. His account of Siam is not, indeed, particularly graphic or picturesque, but it is curiously interesting. Siam resembles Egypt in its dependence on the river Menam, which flows directly southward, and the resemblance must strike any one who observes the straight news of its course, the parallel ridge of mountains, and the sinuosities of the months by which it empties itself into the Gulf of Siam. The lower portion of the valley of the "VTeinam constitutes nearly the vi hole of Siam Proper, and abounds with tropical productions of extraordinary luxuriance, the fertility of its teeming soil being annually renewed by the periodical rains and the inundations of the river, Nowhere except in the island of Java has Sir John tasted fruits of rich flavour and size in such variety Such a profusion of flowers either grow upon the river's banks or were presented to him by the inhabitants that his path seems to have been strewn with garlands and coronets, while he was further amused by the novelty of wandering fish, which glide over the wet banks and travel for miles to lose themselves in the "ponds and pools of the jungle. The population of this happy valley, together with its dependencies, is estimated at about 6,000,000 by Pallegoix, but Sir John Bowring assumes it to be less than 5,000,000. Of these the Siamese proper make about 2,000,000 ; the rest are Laos, Malays, Chinese, and, the latter in the largest proportion and it is remarkable how large a portion of the latter, and, indeed, of the whole population of the kingdom, is congregated at the capital, Bangkok, which extends along the banks of the Menam for several miles, and is estimated to contain 400,000 souls. Bangkok from the description of it, must be a kind of Oriental Venice, though it is only within the last century that it has become of such importance, having superseded the earlier capital, Ayuthia, which was destroyed by the Burmese, and which was not so conveniently near to the Gulf of Siam. A large number of the population here live on the water as at Canton, and the manufactures and commerce of the kingdom are here centered chiefly in the hands of the Chinese, who retain their national characteristics, and are not confounded with the" Siamese among whom they mingle. The prospects of this migratory and unsociable race, irrespective of the difficulties they occasion to ourselves, are growing in interest, and we readily avail- ourselves of this account of their present position in Siam. "It is estimated that in the kingdom of Siam there are more than 1,500.000 Chinese settlers in the city of Bangkok alone there are supposed to be 200, 000 In fact, all the active business appears to be in their hands. Nine out of 10 of the floating bazaars which cover for miles the two banks of the Menam are occupied by Chinamen ; very many of them are married to Siamese women, for a China. woman scarcely ever leaves her country, but the children are invariably educated to the Chinese type ; the Hail is cultivated if it be a boy, and the father alone seems to model the child's nature and education. Yet, that strong parental affection which has been remarked as one of the characteristic virtues of the Chinese is almost invariably exhibited. Fathers are constantly playing with and carrying about their children, encouraging their gambols, teaching them to observe pleased when they are noticed by strangers, and generally deeming their children objects of pride and pleasure. With rare exceptions the Siamese women are well treated by their Chinese husbands, they seem to be inspired with a greater love of labour, occupy them selves more busily with domestic concerns, and generally appeal to improve under the influence of the foreign element. The ( Chinese not only occupy the busiest and the largest bazaars, but their trading habits descend to the very lowest articles of barter; and hundreds of Chinese boats are vibrating up and down the river, calling at every house, pene-, rating every creek, supplying particles of food, raiment, and, whatever ministers to the d4ilT¥£ntaQf life. They penetrated and traffic with the interior wherever profits are to be realized. As a community they are nearly isolated from the Siamese, though pro- fessing, for the most part, the same religion. usages of the priests of Siam,'lïut'following line customs'Wd'jtraditionB of China; and their Buddhism, as in China itself, is held in subservience to their reverence for the tench insane writings of the Chinese sages Con 'facing. Pencils, S?o,jnat,ze, and the ancient teachers of their native lands The signs, over I their warehouses, shops, and houses, are all written in Chinese-in the Chinese language they carry on all their correspondence ; nor I do I remember an example of a Chinaman being able to write, though they almost all speak, the Siamese language. Over their doors are the same inscriptions one is accustomed to see in China, such as May the five felicities dwell in this abode. The moral aphorisms, the fragments of poetry which are suspended on the walls in China, written on scrolls or tablets, always in pairs, decorate the houses of the Chinese established in Siam But the Siamese keep the Chinese in absolute subjection, and while I was in Bangkok I saw no instance of resistance to the native authority. In 1847, however, a serious insurrec- tion of the Chinese population menaced the Government, but the insurrection was soon suppressed. A Chinese merchant of enormous wealth who held the opium monopoly, with, I was informed, more than 90 other' monopolies, has been raised to the rank of nobility, and was present among the multitude of prostrate nobles, dressed in the distinction of mandarin costume, when that article of the treaty was read to them which abolished the whole system of monopoly, and) established free trade from the month of April, 1856. Certainly, he bowed his head in silence, but looked as if a hundred thunder-storms were concentrated in that proud, scornful, yet resigned expression. He had been told his doom at a conference with the principal ministers ; but, as the opium monopoly, the most precious, and profitable of all, was presented to him, he had the sagacity to feign a willing resignation, and to say he would employ his capital for the future in legitimate instead of privileged commerce. Though a small number of the Chinese profited by the farms, the enormous majority expressed their great delight at the emancipation which the treaty provided." That Sir John himself was not prejudiced against this singular people is evident from the following passage in another part of the same volume " Let it not, however, he supposed that I look w ill- any feelings but those of complacency upon the exodus of the Chinese from their native land, and their outpourings on all adjacent regions. I believe there is no class of settlers who, under proper control, are so likely to be useful that the very quality, the passion for acquiring wealth, which leads them to dare all danger and difficulty, is a most valuable recommends- ' tion. Their own habits of subordination, their inborn and inbred respect for authority their gregarious spirit, which drives them into associations of every sort, private and public, praiseworthy and pernicious, only require a thorough knowledge of their character to be turned to the best account." The Siamese themselves, however, appear in a much more amiable light than the Chinese strangers within their gates, if we may trust to Sir John's accounts of their temper and habits. His work contains various chapters on these and similar topics, either come Filed from his predecessors or derived from is own observations, and the inference from the whole is favourable to the Siamese and implies their striking superiority to most other Orientals. Humanity to animals is, indeed, enjoined by their religion, and the tameness of many living creatures which in Europe fly from the presence of man, and which was observed by Dr Goering, is hardly surprising. In more than one instance Siamese gardeners have quitted the service of Europeans, because they were unwilling to destroy reptiles and vermin. Rich men buy live fish to have the " merit" of re- storing them to the sea, and on certain holy days of the month fishing and hunting are prohibited. But it is more important to learn that the condition of women is better in Siam than in most (Mental countries, that they are on a nearer equality with the men, and that, in virtue of a milder creed, they enjoy mose liberty and exhibit more elevation of character, at the same time that in respect of superior docility they compare with other Siamese specimens force nature. Another favouraBle trait is the religious tolerance which prevails, and which has been manifested in the treatment of the various missions, Catholic or Protestant. As regards the general spirit in which religious discussions are conducted, Sir John avers that he has seldom met with so much tolerance as among the Siamese. " They seem never unwilling, to listen to arguments recommending religions different from their own." But it is desirable to caution the supporters of missionary enterprise against cherishing too sanguine expectations on this account, for the more intelligent Siamese, the King even included hold a somewhat pantheistic theory that all religions are true in the sense of some special adaptation to the nations who profess them, and that Buddhism is eternally appropriate for the dwellers by the Menam. The King, who is one of the highest authorities on the subject, even endeavours to reconcile his religion and his philosophy, and " contends that there is nothing in Buddhism, properly understood, which is repugnant to the facts established by astronomical and geological science." Of the Bhuddists, however, there are two parties, and the moral or ceremonial precepts have superior attractions in either case. There is a wide latitude to choose from in the maxims of a religion which commence with the injunction to '. kill no human being" and descend to the rubric that .' to walk in the street without having buttoned the proper button, and to enter a boat without an uttering the same button are sins." It is a happy practical consequence of the whole that, besides, the comparative gentleness of the Siamese in the relations of which we have spoken, their slaves are also well treated " as well as servants in France," says Bishop Pallegoix; that capital execution, even of , criminals, is exceedingly rare, and that the ¡bódi<?a*ovbn'ti^heBe«are ''Only¡împaled khaki death.' is ' . '' ha vi,. i tUtl 1 The moral. For immoral curiosities which exist Under this 'mild 'dispensations are described by 'Dr Bowring. Long mails indicate a decided tendency to dissipation,' and their! growth'is'encouraged -with hog's fat or gar- lie. A'certain Siamese observes-that'"-the man who keeps long finger nails is a man of dissolute mind. His heart rides' on primness. He is the master Of ' harlots, 'and desires to, deck himself that he may stroll about and' talk with the women, that they may have a' heart to love him. Men of this sort'are./èwi' among a hundred men there will be about forty." Others of the Siamese have confidence in' love pictures, which are sold to them by their magicians. They credit The ghoul and vampire superstitions, and believe that a magician can reduce a buffalo to the size of a pea, which, being BW allowed by the person he is employed to bewitch, thereupon re-as- sumes its former shape, and bursts the interior of the wretch who has swallowed it. Demons" are believed to be the keepers of hidden treasures, and the dread of such de- mons and of ghosts is universal in Siam. Sir John Bowring beheld frequently little rafts of bamboo, with small images of human beings (representing families and offerings of betel nut, rice, fruits, and flowers, lighted with small tapers, the whole floating on the river for the purpose of conciliating the spirits of the waters Curious ceremonies are performed at funerals,', especially of women who have died in childbirth, with the view of disappointing the appropriate desires of the dealers in the black arts. Alchemy is no longer fashionable, but amulets, or talisman?, are still considered so potent that if it can be proved that either a plaintiff or defendant has worn one during the proceedings in an action at law he is condemned ipso facto to lose his suit. in respect of medicine the Siamese are more advanced, for though they have much confidence in their native doctors, yet they follow a custom for the protection of the patient which might, perhaps, be introduced with advantage into other countries, and of which the simple condition is " No cure, no pay" A negotiation is entered into as to the sum to be paid for cure, and the amount is settled by a written contract, the doctor always demand- ing two wax candles for an offering to the God of Medicine, and six sailings (equal to 3s 9d) for the cost of medicines. If the' patient's health improve under the doctor's care the visits continue ; if the doctor thinks the case hopeless his visits cease, and there is an end of the contract. There are two medical schools or systems in Siam the Indian and the Chinese-which contend for the mastery, and the following, which is a prescription for acrobatic fever,' is said to combine the phar- managers of both : " One portion of rhinoceros horn, one of elephant's tusk, one of tiger's, and the same of crocodile's teeth, one of bear's teeth : one portion composed of three parts bones of vul- ture, raven and close ; one portion of bison's and another of stag's horn ; one portion of sandal. These ingredients to be used together on a stone with pure water. One half of the mixture to be swallowed, the rest to be rubbed into the body ; after which the nor difc fever will depart " But whether at the same moment the patient will depart also to the Siamese Hades we are not informed, nor is it added which of the rival system will be held responsible. The laws of the Siamese are contained in about 70 volumes, and as a whole their code must be deemed superior to the Chinese. We observe that they have a simple system of pleading, that had is allowed except in criminal cases, and that an appeal lies to the king in person, Their crimi- real coffee, for an Oriental people, is not severe, for decapitation which is its mode of capital punishment, is only awarded for treason, murder aggravated robberies, piracy, and arson. The blemish in the administration of the Siamese justice is the venality of the judges, for from the chief judge to the lowest clerk all are said to have their price Witnesses also are incapacitated on so many grounds that there must be often a difficulty in procuring proofs of the most open transaction. Moral, physical and intellectual impedimenta are allowed to an extent which we should imagine included half the population. Many trades even are altogether excluded, such as go 1 smiths. braziers, blacksmiths, shoemakers and the potters are shut out in consequence of a murder committed by a virtuous man by a p Utter ages ago. It is conjectured that midwives are excluded because they may be called away suddenly in the middle of their testimony. Moreover the Siamese oath, which is something in the style of the curse of Saint Ernulphus, with the addition of oriental imagery, is adapted as we should imagine to scare away the other half of the population, and to leave the judges of Siam in the enjoyment of a perpetual holiday. This interesting people is particularly musical, and their music is pleasing. They play chess Iso, and patronize pugilistic encounters, cock and fish fights, and battles of crickets and she formica leo. They have introduced lotteries and vaccination, and have an institution of a mock king who performs on a grand scale the part of a Mayor of Garratt. 'Their government is a pure despotism, mil Hy administered by the accomplished brothers who are at present kings of Siam, and whom we look upon as to most remarkable personages in the world. These gentlemen, up to 1851, were kept out of their Royal rights by an usurper, and were so superior to the average of Europeans in the same predicament that they qualified themselves to administer the kingdom at his decease. Their learning and talents would really distinguish them anywhere, apart from the crowd, of gentlemen with dynastic pretensions, and they may be said to have laid the bi>ghmj,ng of a new era for Siam by applying the lessons they have learn in adversity. The first king might fairly claim to be made an FRS, for his varied qualifications, scientific and literary. He is able to calculate an eclipse and the degrees of latitude and longtitude. He is a profound scho- lar in Bali and Sancho has learnt Latin (from the French Catholic missionaries, and Pim. read and write English as we shall, presently see. He has introduced: into the country a printing press with English and Siamese types, try, i,L"."".M'A" 38' v S "l-.w^-a-^K^ j_jB.dilhft;fitig tcofaatruhtedb shuffles- ¿elfij-taeftit [ever, _eenín{BÍam,rm¿Í8'apylyanéhÍs geological; knowledge ín-aiSeareh for native 'cattle c The acceded kwgüs'alsotm oxeeUenb-English'sfcho-'1 lar, and (writes a hand whiehiwould>^alifv-j him J to be.AUiengijpssingîolorktto an English solicitor.., i He, has also i studied Euclid;' and' i Newton, has read Ithe'Jworks.iOfißir-Walteri Scott, said in evidence of his appreciation of them has called<a>ship after his name. The first King inquired about the discovery fishes planet Neptune and discussed (the astronomical bearing of the planet Neptune,! and dis-' cussed the astronomicaliboarings of the English calender f with Sir John Bowring. He. mentioned also his intention to write a history of his times, in English, for which he is not disposed to, i seek any assistance. The second King was solicitous about the latest news from Europe, made many inquiries about the Queen and the Royal family, her age, the number of her children, whether she had gone to Paris to meet the French Emperor, We. Both appear to receive many of the newest English works, and both will doubtless read this book of Sir John Bowring, and in case either of them should honour us by also reading this article, we take the opportunity here of conveying to them our assurances of res- pect and admiration for their characters and accomplishments. The King is determined on a reform of Buddhism ; but again we caution Exeter- hall not to be too sanguine that this a prelude to the substitution of Christian verity. Both he and his people appear to be attached to their faith, and in some particulars this attachment is strikingly manifested in the midst of their cordial reception of European views in other matters. The King, in negotiating his treaty of commerce with Sir John Bowring, appointed a day for an audience which had been pronounced auspicious by the astrologers, and the most precious present he could make to the Queen was a tuft a hair from the tail of a white elephant, which, in the opinion of himself and other orthodox Siamese, is one of the forms of the incarnation of Buddha. As in many English letters, the dominant idea comes up in the postscript, European negotiators and European notions are perfectly welcome, but leave us, if you please, to revere our white elephants." We do not propose to give any extracts from Sir John Bowring's personal narrative, which gives an account of the ceremonials with which he was received and the manner in which the treaty was negotiated. Suffice it to say that he encountered few difficulties, that he was very handsomely treated, and that he succeeded both in the substantial objects of his mission and in vindicating his dignity as an envoy from England. The more intelligent Siamese were already prepared to admit a greater freedom of commerce on grounds their clear perception of which is surprising. The Prime Minister himself had studied the question, and even, rehearsed the discussion in which he expected Sir John would engage him. Among other curious evidences of the state of his mind, I learnt that on one occasion he sent for a foreign gentleman whose opinion he greatly valued, and, in the presence of many persons, said to his adviser," " Now you must make yourself Sir John Bowring answer me, why do you come to Siam P-We are become your neighbours ; we wish to be your (i lends. Let us be friendly neighbours. We want to buy and to sell ; we have things you would like you have those we want. Don't shut the door. " The door is not shut is there no room to stop the passage of the river at PaklatP" " Will in a large house with many servants the door may safely be left open in a a small house with lew servants the doors must be shut. Dou'tyou shut the door? Yes, against thieves and robbers." " But we don't shut the door ! Anybody may come to Siam. True ! but you make us pay too much for passing." " Did we not reduce the payment when you complained? You did; But you farm the articles that we want to buy, You make the prices too high ; the ships can realize no profit so many people take the profits between the labourer who grows and the nice chain who sells, that the foreigner can get nothing " "How can we do without taxes You cannot do without taxes ; they should be moderate, not excessive, BeaLes, there are articles you will not let us buy at all-rice, for instance, and tease wood." 'Teak wood ! we have none to spare. We want it. I wish anybody would find more. There is abundance in the jungle." " No ! it is a great way off", far from the river. We have buffaloes and elephant see how little they bring P-You do not encourage those who come to buy." " Talk of rice ! Why in China they have two crops a year. They have mountains and valleys, and can irrigate as they will. As for Siam, it is level. We have too much water, no rice ! too little water, no rice ! But when we have more than we want we export. But if you allowed it to be exported more persons would cultivate. Why is Bankok, which was once in the midst of jungle, now surrounded with gardens beautiful, productive gardens P. Because there is a market. Open new market ; you won't want produce-rice and sugar. See what a son you have! " Yes ! a soil, but no people. A soil without a people is but a wilderness and the peo- ple we have are so lazy, not like your people Your people might, and would cultivate the soil. And then you have engines and capital, and do every Uni g by machinery. Did not the English once weave their cloth in their own houses? And now the engines make it so cheap, that no one in Siam can live by making thread for cloth Some suffer, but far more are benefitted by cheaper and better clothes," r "I don't know that they are better clothed. Now, tell me. if rice costs 50 trials here, and sells for (50 at Shanghae, is that a profit p But where there is trade there is a mutual benefit ; a better price for what you sell a lower price for what you buy," " What can we consume P We are a small country, in alliance with England is the in- timacy of a poor man with a great prince ; the prince gets all the benefits, the poor man H makes, all the sacrifices. What can England (Jget from Siam? .WJiy.rl have heard that there are men in England rich enough to buy Cochin China will helpers 'W#&'tf&fe;,ßMi$t~-:: "We have no wanted recharging hotistinivS) A geàtlemaniheçtfonly^rVquirefsiVaVW^atii»^-^ or do; btít'wilh"younhbvyaa*ü^'w^ you have wants.; or,wïry;,aU%, these clocks, and/l """ looking-glasses, and .ornamênts.>and: shun red-things'l»; ' : ' ' '"' lT .l-?.?"?«.;??=:-?. w/ ment, you have laws, you hàvé^-(impatiêthîy)i' . ". -Pray for the blessing you, d!ón,t>poa8«s*8j"(}?" < ; "'Pray, pray! ; "You have been: longpráy^-/ t ing ; have you obtained your prayers rf' -Trust's" i j ''In conversations like these . who;? on . fair - ' alto observe the workings of. intelligence of kts : iv very high order P" ; : s'"?'; ,'/':'??'',,'??'<'?^^¿?'???t We must fairly answer Sir John's questioner in the affirmative, while we repeat ofhi'3'o^vrij}' ; ;; performance that it is exceeding interesting and is made the most of by some choîoiftpiç*;" torial illustrations. - ??;?:? .',-_.??.?.?!,.'??;''l^-¡j 