WANDERINGS AND PONDERING OF A AlAN ABOUT TOWN. (From the Sunday Times As the week began, not long before the citizens at one end of London meditated their morning meal over the cozy fireside, and not long after the more aristo- cratic portion at the West End had finished their night's brilliant banquet, amidst the blaze of candelabra, and ere the hum of merry voices and the rustle of costly silks had wholly died away, there was a peculiar edifice then receiving the last crowning contribution to its stability in the shape of a final blow of a ponderous hammer, and the driving in of the last requisite nail, and grad Sally looming out grim and ghastly against the cold grey sky of a frosty dawn. Upon this improvised structure the hideous social fungus that had sprung up in a night-a murderer had to expiate his crime, and some four or five thousand of his fellow-beings, who had gathered round this spot through the dark shadows of night, had even then assembled, with a kind of carrion instinct, to see the great game of life and death played out to the last. The first fact that forced itself upon the mind of the contemplative philosopher, drawn within its limits, was the apparent sameness of the crowd that he saw before him the repetition of the same course forms, and the reproduction of the same repulsive faces that had ever gathered round executions from the time that bin studious inquiries into the manners and customs of the people had told him, a reluctant explorer, into those sickly, stifling masses of the mob. At the execution of the Man- nings, the tune of " Oh Susanna,' was in the ascendant at the last fate of the gibbet, ' Pop goes the weasel' was the joyous sound of the multitude at the present, the same hoarse brutal voices were heard in unison, striving to beguile the blank leisure before the event, with the last popular metropolitan melody of 'Kcmo, kimono Beyond this no difference existed, and one might have believed that the same ceremony had a potent attraction in drawing thither the same people, who never grew older, who never looked better, who never aimed at improvement in anyway or in any shape, but who always rose, as it were, bodily out of the earth, to do honour to the same awful and appalling spectacle. The circumstance and its concomitants seemed to have been stereotyped, aid, as it had been years before, as it is now, and as it will be ever, it no alteration be made in our manner of satisfying public justice: the man on the scaffold turns his last dying gaze on the same eager upturned faces of the lawless of London, and is publicly strangled within their presence, as an atonement for the better life that he has taken away. Whether it) gibbet should exist at all, whether the executive should be public or private, or whether the murderer should be dealt with after a more solemn fashion, i not the question here to be discussed, but the most cursory spectator of the proceedings on Monday morning last must have come away from that tainted atmosphere that had been gathered round the Old Bailey, with the firm conviction that something was wrong somewhere in our manner of fulfilling the last dread offices of the law, and that the end did not answer the deterring purpose proposed. In every country but our own, the place of execution is out of the city, not cooped up in a narrow thoroughfare, where the event is mari owed into a circumscribed area that makes the affair a more gratuitous and exciting exhibition, for which there is a struggle to get a good view, and which becomes A sort of focus for holiday-makers of the worst order, who are grouped hours before hand in the most convenient places for their sight-seeing. If executions are to continue, it would really seem desirable that the place of execution should be changed. The scaffold should have its area enlarged, and then, perhaps, the influence it is presumed to exercise would become more extended also. ' --? The letter in the Times bearing the signature of The London Scoundrel' commenting in terms of jubilant exultation on the occasion, and rejoicing that the gallows is holding up its honest head again,' it known to be the production face of our most clever and intelligent public entertainers, but the spirit in unionists written would hardly enable one of his audience to identify in the writer the genial good humour of the lecturer. Under the very gallows itself, there were hosts of London scoundrels, who on the slightest provocation would have risked their own life or destroyed that of their next neighbour with equal indifference, and whose only interest in the event WAS displayed in their admiration of his cool demeanour of the man who died game' before thurn. How to make the mode of exacting life a' life more impressive how to exalt the moral that it/s intended to convey is a question for our legislators decide ; but the argument must be strong indeed that can long uphold the gallows in its present position. With the recommendation contained in the last war tion of the letter, everybody must concur, for Ino sparing of the lod in judicial as in parental handsome too often been found to lead to the spoiling of the can as well as the child. Mr. Albert Smith-for it j no difficult matter to penetrate the pseudonym-saw: ' As battles are sometimes given by country gentle men to idle London friends, so I think that anyone Ane night, not by any means to have its office pro- mulgated, Mr. Inspector Bowler, and those of its standing, should bring down all the blackguardism in London, and pack them securely in boxes, by the colonies, with such care that they should be warned to keep in any climate to which they were sent And then, between those which are forwarded in uses for foreign use, and those which are hung, for home consumption, we may make a great difference in the census of the London Sceundryl.' j Letter-writing has been also employed with some amusing effect in the same morning journal for discussing the ability, or the unlimited friability, of Mr. Arrowsmith's famous story of Railway And Revolvers in Georgia.' The gentleman who has advocated the original narrator's cause, and defend, the possibility of the event having taken place, none of our most eminent analytical chemists, a/I under the initials ' T.S.," he applies his tests in the library with pen and ink as carefully as he does his Are laboratory with his graduated measures Um accident epistle has had the effect of exciting Air. Robert Howe Gould into a second state of Hteroty, olervoacenco and the reply elicited, in which that teMeman details a a bowie-knife' adventure that might figure in the pages of a magazine as a thrilling tale of terror, will remind many members of the club were it was originally told, and to which frequent allusion is made in the course of the corrcsphitencc, how graphically the writer described himself the hero of this railway romance. If the whole transaction should resolve itself into a vivid dream that Mr. 'Arrowsmith had in the car, and off the honors prove namely the frightful effect of indigestion arising from the Indus solubility of some American Wolvertoniun pork-pie, the discovery by- the Liverpool relator if this extraordinary (night) mare's nest, will place he circumstance on record as one of the most perplexing psychological problems of the period. ,...:.,:- -if he- - - The revision of the street nomenclature has been talked of simultaneously with the realization of other great innovation, to which the Postuiastel-Cueral called the attention of the public on Thursday moving, by means of circulars left by the Icttur-carrier^fter their first delivery. Our letters, to facilitate the (end arrangements, are henceforth to have initial fears, indicating the cardinal points of the compass, used to the direction, according to the- plan that has been developed from a careful study of the more politan map, and an imaginary personage HE a visionary number, in a formidable locality, fates in the circular as the model. Thus we have James Thompson, Esq. 500 Pall-mall or 500 Cheapside! pp Blackfriars Road, or SOO Albsny-street-but it is from James Thompson, who is invested with this fictitious "ubiquity. It might be a curious subject of research ascertain why this special name should almost have, sally be given to the modulate. What has theorising James Thompson-On, that he should be somorcilesKl persecuted thronglihisdescendiintiiitliismanuer? On improvement niighthavosuggestcditaelfeven upright improvement. _ According to the printed instructions the epistolary oontributirtotliè revenue will henceforth have to make his peculiar 'N.E.' or have his particular) ..' W.C.' at the bottom of the address, which, even now, from the widely- spread custom of commencing the superscription one-third down the face of the envelope, is often cramped. In the upper or left-hand corner of the envelope, there is always a blank space, and to this spot might have been assigned, with more plausible reason, the required postal mark, whilst the facilities for sorting would have been equal, if not greater. However, the gain to the public will be so great in economising time, that we are not disposed to cavil with the means by which it is achieved. As the mode that proves most desirable for letters would obviously be the same for other matter subject to postal transit, it is rather odd that, by what appears to be a strange oversight, no reference whatever to newspapers and the book post should be made in these circulars, which are so called, we may suppose, because they are sent round to everybody. Of all officials in the world, the postman ought to be expected to speak intelligibly, for the greatest pains are being constantly taken to ensure his having a good delivery. At this forthcoming season, when novelties are so much sought after by those who cater for the insatiable public appetite, it may be worth while to mention one that was in the market-that is, the Haymarket-the other evening, and which may be fairly regarded at the present day as a positive phenomenon. An exhibitor of curiosities might find it to his interest to pursue the inquiry which will unquestionably take place when it is announced that between nine and ten of the night there was beheld by numerous spectators who can corroborate the truth of this report, an ancient Jarvey and a real old hackney coach. They both looked so strange and ghost-like among the vehicles drawn up in front of her Majesty's 'a Theatre, that we saw more than one cabman instinctively turn pale as this spectre from the buried past rose before him. A second glance only proved confirmatory of the first suspicion. It was none of your bright broughams or glossy clarences, or any other variation of the genus cab; but the titiniistakoable sad-coloured four-wheel and two horse machine, on a high porch, and with the genuine semi-intoxicated settlement by the keen,' that every care over five-and-twenty must be familiar with, as characteristic of the dear old lumbering nuisances. Even the horses though they could not have been the originals had the shambling spavined s'il nek of the olden time about them, and were fit companions of the vehicle. There a waif cast back from the engulfing sea of time upon the shore of the present, stood this disconsolate, dreary-looking drag. Nobody thought of hiring it, Apparently, and nobody | dreamed of its having an owner. Tile neighbour- ing cabmen called it contemptuously a ' hutch,' and shook it on its springs with wonder and derision; but the sadness of its solitude at last stole upon them likewise, and blunted the sting of the sarcasm that was rising on their lips. One naturally looked for the driver, the man who might have carried Nelson, Wellington, or Pitt, and their fortunes, in the traditionary broad- brimmed hat, Belcher tie, and weli'reiiietnbered cape of many folds. But the ostensible inheritor of this mouldy machine was merely of the ordinary type, like many another hanger-on of great men, looking out for a post on I which to rest his weary elbow, fatigued with frequent I uplifting of the half-quartern, that he now sipped languidly whilst the fairest of the fares were disappearing under his very nose, and is wholly unappreciative of the poetry of his position, as the Coptic serf who drives the cheap Cairo 'bus, in the shadow of the glory of Cheops, or the vagabond Hellenes, who pick your pocket on the threshold of the Acropolis. The old visionary while) looked like a resurrection from the tomb of the Capulets-the ghost of a hackney coach, come, like the stoney spectre in Giovanni, to carry away some ancient libertine, oblivious of mileage, iii retribution for his early forgetfulness of back fare. The very memory of it cast a melancholy over the mind, like the lingering echo of some old melody, unexpectedly awakened in the solemn stillness of the night. Let no one be confident of a legacy till he has had it, quoth the.evQi'-cautious Sancho Panza; and, in a similar spirit, should be given the admonition, lot no master be certain of his joke till he hath seen it in drink Last week, referring to the pi ins comic song, 'which Mr. Morton, of the Canterbury Hall, had then just adjudged, we spoke of the " Port Morton" examinations of the two hundred ditties that had been sent in, by a natural typographical change in the word made the inquiry appear to be " post-mortem," in the column type. The present correction is due to the adjudi actors, as well as to the authors of the unsuccessful hundred and ninety-nine, who might otherwise have remained under the conviction that their several effusions had been respectively stifled or burned, or otherwise slaughtered out of the way, so as to give rise to the epithet. This word about the matter will probably is a sufficient explanation from THE MAN ABOUT TOWN. The Punjaub Railway-st will be well for our capitalists to ponder seriously the facts and the figures stated in the prospectus of the above railway, and weigh well the grave risks of further compromise in the fortunes of foreign speculations. Let them look at home and home projects, where the gains are not of less promise, and of incomparably better assurance than any of foreign origin. We should all feel how irreparably and the fortunes of every portion of our vast empire linked together, and how magnificently above all has India mutilated with hundreds of percentages the comparatively few millions which the parent state has hitherto devoted to the parties) development of her still incalculable and unexplored resources. The welcome announcement by Mr. W. P. Andrew, of the Punjaub Railiijy, in extension of the Scinde to Lahore and Amritsar, the two great ; ! political and commercial capitals of the Punjaub, an extension of 230 miles. Having consummated all the preliminaries for his railway, by the Euphrates Valley through Asia Minor to the head of the Persian Gulf, for which General Chesney has now secured the Imperial finnan of the Grand Seignior, with the concession of important and exclusive privileges and securities for dividends, the ' Old Post- master' has lost no time in putting the finishing I stroke to his grand enterprise, promised from the first for connecting and landing Europe, by one continuous line of steam power, rail and ship, on the north- ' western frontier of our own great India ; from thence to radiate by other lines to the Ganges and the mouths of the Ganges at will, or elsewhere by fresh lines and steam navigation, as the net-work links of the great Indian system ore forged and perfected. It cannot fail to be perceived how tenaciously Mr. Andrew adheres to his original happy combination of the rail and the river routes, and how unreservedly i now he carries all the world with him, from the Thames to the Indus and the Gauges. The now ' Punjaub line cannot fail of success in such hands, j hitherto no less favoured by fortune than by desert. | Lancashire, above all, should be most deeply interested in:, and therefore should be disposed most largely to i contribute to, the success of this, as of his other undertakings. Blackwood enumerates among the most signal merits, or as the merit above all, of Lord Dalhousie administration, the organisation and promotion of railways. But whilst his lordship's claims [ on that score need not be depreciated, it may be permitted to state that the Old Postmaster' has prior and paramount claims to the honour of the initiation of an Indian railway system. Years ago, and before I or quite as early as the advent of the Governor General, he was laying the groundwork, fighting the up-hill fight against ignorance and routine of railways for India in England, and finally triumphing in success, aided by the Times, which, with care saga- city, opened its world-read columns to the mighty work Manchester Cow per. Education in the Coal and Iron Mining Districts. Regulations have just been established by the Coal and Iron Masters' Association of Nottinghamshire,, Derbyshire and Leicestershire, for awarding prizes in elementary mining schools in those counties, whether under the inspection of Government or not, provided they are approved by a member of the association. The project has been commenced under favourable auspices, and the officers and committee, include noblemen : of influence in the three counties. The object of the association is to induce parents to keep their children at school longer and more regularly than is at present the custom, and to hold out, to them an additional motive to diligence and good conduct. The conditions of competition for boys are that they shall have attended an elementary school for two years, and that they, shall have a certificate that they have attended such school for 175 days in each year, and possess a good character for religious knowledge. Girls' are * expected to possess a good knowledge of needlework and the making of female clothing. There is to be an examination of the candidates in the month of June next In Derby, and the amount given is not to (exceed £100, which will be distributed in sums of £3, £2, and £1, according to the proficiency of the candidates. ' A handsomely printed certificate will be given to each successful candidate, ce tifying the, price, which will be a valuable testimonial to employers, and the amount of the prize will be invested in the savings bank to the credit of the successful candidate, and given up at the end of two years. Should the candidate die before the expiration of that time, then it will be handed over to his or her parents, in order to promote and extend knowledge among the boys after lea v ing School was proposed to offer in subsequent years prizes of £5 each to those candidates who shall pass through a satisfactory examination in some one or two books to be selected by the com m i Men. The two great difficulties which have impeded the education of the children of miners have been the reluctance of parents to send their Children to school, and to allow them to remain there while an ordinary elementary education is imparted to them. The practice is, When a child becomes useful at home, or can earn money at work, to remove it from school and the education which it may have received is soon forgotten. 