METROPOLITAN OOSSIP OF THE WEEK ENDINO MAROU 7. [From the Liverpool Albion.) Did you ever see the armsof the Broadlands branch of the Templo family tree ? Then look in tho peerage-Burkc's, as being Irish, and therefore native and to the manner bom ; for a mirthful manner it must be to relish the joke aright. The arms are a horse and a lion, respectively standing on their hind legs, each looking over his own left shoulder, and laughing heartily, apparently at the ridicu- lous figuro the other cuts ; while, above the two, thero is seated ona shelf (Norroy, pardon the anti-chiyalric term !) an Isle of Skye ter- rier, in morose and disdainful mood, as if dis- gusted nt the non-equine and unleonine antics of the animals below him, evidently thinking they'ought to hang down their heads and keep thoir tails between thoir legs in remorse- ful shame, instead of capering llko n couple of antediluvian goats in Merionethshire ou St. David's day. Mern ¡-the dog must hava been dagùerreotyped from a miniature of Urquhait's. Such are the heraldic bearings of tho Comic Old Gentleman. Emblematic of giave sig- nificance they are. It is indeed enough to make any horse, even an undertaker's, laugh to see the British lion in bia present attitude; though why the lion should laugh, except a la hyena, it would puzzle the canniest of the canine race to comprehend. The position of the above dog, however, is by no means typi- cal of the temper of Bull, at least in so far as the Cockney species is a sample of the na- tional genus. Throughout the bills of mor- tality Palmerston's is a name of universal acceptance, cashed at Bight or sound, irre- spective of discount, however extravagant. Indeed the higher the rate asked the prompter the honouring. Like his own ideal man in infancy, ho is assumed to have been bora without original din ; or, if the possibility of a hlt-mish bo entertained, it is only ad- mitted as heightening his general perfections ; just as there are artists who think that a freokle on the pioboscis o f the Medicoan Venus would enhance the charms of the " statue that enchants the world." Say ha is a tory, that ho always was a tory ot the I real old Eldonio sohool, Six Acts, Gagsing Acts, Pcterloo Massacres, and so forth at home, Mottornich and obscurantism abroad : -.the answer is identical with that in the ancient ballad a3 to the lady i" whose hoad was like unto a ball, her nose unto a hoir," " f No matter for that,' King Henry sayd, ' I , love her the better therefor.'" Pam is up for London, and will go down with Travers, tho Administrators, and all. What! against Lord JohD ? Et tu Bruie, Mr. Morley ! And why not. exclaims that prudential measuror of stockings and the stops of men? Wltat is there surprising Lin Polmorston's opposing Russell in 1857 on one set of principles, when he opposed Lansdowne in 1807 on another set? There is only half a century between ; and what signifies that? Not much, sa?a cious hosier ; only that what Lansdowne anrl Bussell were, Lansdowne and Russell aie ! Then more fools they, lejoins the chairman of the city liberals ; theiein affirming the wis- dom of the somnolent youth who, being ad- monished that the early bird caught the early worm, exclaimed, "Serve the worm right for being up so eaily." Palmerston diove Lans- downe from Cambridge in 3807; why shoald be not drive Bussell from London in 1857? No reason whatever, except it is moro conve- nient to let it alono; for it is rathei plea santer to crack jokes on constitutional law at the expense of Bowclifle and Julian Harvey on the hustings of Mr. Heathcote's free and inde- pendent borough of Tiverton, than before a metropolitan constituency with tho author of the letter of December '61 dismissing the viscount for playing viceroy ovor the sovereign. Then too the genus loci ia the latter case would hordly be propitious to the one, but might be a guardian angel to the other. Guildhall is sacred to certain familiar spirits which Bussolls aro accustomed to call from tho vasty deep of other days, and which do sometimes como when so summoned. Those storied walls flame with "thoughts that breathe and words that burn" into the heart even of an alderman, causing, perhaps, (if it be not too hyperbolical a supposition,) a genial glow in that much more vital poition of his calipash anatomy, the stomach. Here the monumental inarblo to buried but ever living self sacrifice recounts the deeds of Chatham in the language of Burke ; and the rebuke of Citizen Beckford to one of Palmerston's youthful acquaint- ances. George the Third, upon the throne, in full Court, with crown, lion, and unicorn, and ull the .regalia'd etceteras around. These be souvenirs rather suggestive to the rcsiduory legatee of Messrs. Pym, Hampden, Algernon Sydney, and Company. Nor barren in his own biography of stimulating remluis cencos. Hero, beforo Palmerston was oven a juvenile Whig, did Lord John Bussell receive ICO gold snuff-boxes, with city freedom tlieiein, auriferousletters'on vellum,diamond dotted toothpicks, and what not, in recog- nition of that catalogue of reformatory vir- tues which his Manchester parasites parroted ; out of Moore the first and last time his Lord i ship was in Cottonopolis, and was thon re i garded theio as the loftiest of men because [ highest of officials. No ; it would hardly do to pit a professing Liboral against him ; yet will the promoters of the pro-Palmerston move take no doaial. The genus " gont " is in a state of enthusi- astic excitemont all round Cornhill. With cigar in mouth and streaming beards and hair, thoy rush, like adolescent meteors, into Tom's, the Jerusalem, Jamaica, Baltic. North and South American, Garraway's, wherever merchants most do congregate, demandiug instantaneous signature to requisitions calling upon the Premier to allow himself to bo mado the representa- tive of the city. One of tho representa- tives, you correctively suggest. No, ide repre- sentative ; the other three count for nothing, and he may name them if be likes : no matter i who they be, it is all tho same to the active- i Minded volunteers aforesaid, spontaneouj, ¡ (much more surprising,) unsalaried pi.-otorian 1 cohorts of our new Ciusar, Tho nimblest of ! these belong to the Exchango, whero bulls and bears have coolesced to run up tho Palmer , eton stock as the best possible on the market. The truth, however, is, that pique of their own amour jnonre mixes considerably in the i neal of these premium-at-any-price patriots. ' As stated hore last week, they hadn't the smallest idea of the crisis till just its dénoue went, and then thoy didn't believe it, Moving but in one circle, with only one rotatory mo- tion, and that round its own axis, like Mr. Jel lingei Symons's lunatio moon, reading only one paper, or ignoring all that might bo read elsewhere, and finding their oracle dumb, it i.evei occurred to thom that anything out of the way was going to happen, or could possi- bly happen, except in the way thoir matutinal fiveperce-halfpenny worth of emnisciunco would be sure to in- form them. When, however, on Mon- day, and not lill then, the conviction dawned that there really was something in tho wind, their amazement and indignation know no bounds. They made it a matter of perdona! quarikl with any man (clients of course es- corted) who insinuated so atrocious a contin- gency as an upset of tho Ministry ; and, with the usual logic of their calling, made harum scarum bets of new hats with a recklessness that m ust havo fi lied Mr. Treasury Wilson wi th fiiof for having givon up the beaver business, 'our o'clock p.m. carno, and with it tho even- ing Downing-streot paper, containing a list of the Promiera supporters who had that day rallied round him at his residence. Tho sight was. not particularly inspiring, and the not remarkably nuggetty name of Humphrey Brown was looked upon benevolently hy the ingotocracy ; -the truly British minister being backed up by the truly British banker put foreboding thoughts of a tumble in the most stablo miude. Fortunately ifnwuB the.only omen of that kind. Brown was not accom- panied by his brothordone up director, M'Qre gor, who now daily dines with Humphrey tho inhospitable Duke of that name-In'Paris, no moro able to make things pleasant than Hudson himself, with whom mattera will look black Indeed on tho coaly Tyne when Doo and Boe may chase the stag undeterred by Sergeant-at-Arms and breach of privilego. Nevertheless, the omnium gatherers relied upon the luck of the exalted personage whom, with an expressiveness more familiar than deferential, they called that "gameoldoock," r to put to flight those whom they stigmatised as dunghills: and surprising it is, to bo sure, how Orientally mctaphorlc is the phraseology of the gentlemon carrying on business thus i far east? Numbers of thoso hurried off to Westmin- . ister,determined to tako the real news home, i and astonish the suburban mind with Parua- < mcntary particulars imported direct per expresa cab chartered for the 'purpose. In vain, however, thoy thronged 'tho lobby, learning nothing, except that Mr. Masterman and Sir James Duko in Palace-yard are not within ninety nine per cent, ot their value in Threadneedle-street, On tho whole, however, they came away wlfi the renewed conviction that It was quite absurd to think of a Ministerial defeat; and in that pm suasion they laid ludicrous "\igeis next liny at any odds that anybody would take, homo did take these odds, and wo know nilli what result afterwards. But JO _ üttiDt Fcernet) such result that, on TuesJ iy, tLe iressnre of strangers was not noar a j great about the House, for Haytcr's TOUM-CU had beguiled many debutantes Into the ita-,] pression that it was " all right." Not so, however, evidently thought that perceptive,! functionary himself, especially towards tha j witching hour, when ii was pretty clear hs h began to pee that *the fates wero sharpening I , scissors to cut short ihe red tape of E ' destiny. AU the particulars you see ia " some of your Lancashire contemporaries, S about the preternatural whipping hythe op- position are so much balderdash. The fact ia, j their whipping waB unusuolly mitigated ila- \ Í gt'llalion; ondit could not be otherwise, bs Í cause of the peculiarity of their position., The motion wasn't theirs; they had no con- ' trol over the division. They couldn't put I their beagles in the lobby to drive in the ra- dical flock to the tory fold. Colonel Taylor and Sir W. Jolliffe sauntered about, anxious, no doubt, but not activo, and Hayter and Mulgrave had all the watch-dog business to themselves, aided as they were by a number of lurchers from the second row of tlio Treasury, inoluding Lord Ernest Bruce, who though deaf as a post on.general occasions, eecrned sharp as a weasel now, in healing tli3 footfall of every possibly persuadable person jn the ptewises-nine acres of masonry. It 'ïs-diifioultto describe and not easy to under- stand the terror of these third-rate govern . mental underlings at any change. Thoy dread the coming in of Lord John almost a.3 much as of Lord Derby; and hence howl arjd yell and snarl at the former whenever possible, knowing what they havo to expect after that cabal of which Bouverie became the mouthpiece when hi= lordship left office, and when he publicly said (lie only thought he bestowed on them was contempt. Honce their special virulence, shown at every disparaging allusion to him, manifested with indecent effrontery on Thurs- day, when hearing T. Duncombe say " the noblo loid was the British lion at that table, but a spaniel in Vienna." Alack, "Poor Tom's » cold,1' though, even in his ashes, live his " wonted fires." Ho has all the polished iuipu donco of his earlier days ; but no longer tho early vigotar of the Corinthian time ; for, despite the glosBy raven hair, and the super symmetrical tailory, and the still jaunty car- riage, a beau at three-score may in vain sport the PalmerBtonian motto Flecti non frangí, 3f,ho bo not a Palmerston : and of urti there is but one. The Viscount, by the way, was anything but himself on Tuesday, and his debili I y enfeebled his lieutenants In the lobby conf lündedly. He had beon ill, and evidently ill at ease all the evening, coming out continuously into the tea- room and elsewhere, looking haggard aud worn, and, what is still moro unusual with him, slipBhod and unbraced, altogether daci dedly out of sorts. This begot misgivings, which the event but too fully realised. His Bpeech was the poorest he ever made on a great occasion, windy and vehement, but in- effective, notable, only as a staking specimen of the forcible feeble. The disappointment was excessive on all sides, and among the strangers especially, many of whom heart} him for the first time; and their looks ot blank dismay at the exhibition of tha wondorfui Oivis Bomanus gave the student in physiognomy some ideas not to be foun 1 Su Lavater touching tho exuression of the human face. Rupert and Creptowlta were among the enormous audiencj; and Tandou' and the Russian ambassador are about the last couple in Christendom before whom the iiottlo-holder likes to go through his gladla torism. What memories came back on one in witnessing this display, and thinking of that on the immortal Pacifico night. It was not tito Virgulan sentiment, Ah quantum muía- t ins ab tilo Hectore, that was uppermost ; j for our hero was much more "Hectoring" now than then. But, impar congressut, Achtili-hi 1 wasn't up to the mark ; and as for tho niyrmi- ! dons, they were but the noiseless ghosts of { their former blatant selves. When, in '51,' ho lot fall the talisman« words " foreign con- spirators," the rejoioing roar nearly rent the icof, and might be heard comfortably, or ralhor very uncomfortably, by the then Arch bisl'op of Canterbury, in Lambeth Palace, half a mile up the river, for " forty shouted like ono," and every one senator like a forty (stentors, How Roebuck shrieked exultant; how all cosmopolitan fiiends of the "solida rito of nations" caught up the strain, thinking of Kossuth in far off Kutahia, of Mazzini noav nt hand, of the martyrs of liberty everywhere, and of thoir professing champion there! But when he talked of " conspiracy." on Tuesday, they who shouted in '50 tittered in'57. Oldham Fox, and that still j rider fox, Graham ; nonconformist Miall and high-church Henley; papistical Swift and , pnpfet rooting Spooner; imaginative Bulwer and matter- oMaot Baring ; Caucasian Bioardo mid Jew-hating Mannors ; the Duke of 0a [ vonshire. Paxton and the East India Oom paoy's Hogg; Cardinal Wiseman's Bowyer and. Exeter Hall's Ball; Egyptian Layard ani^Talrnndicnl Disraeli; chameleon Cald- well! and Steadfast Lovaine : precipitato Phll Jirnoro and slow-going Packe ; hair-splitting Glr>dstono and hoir of the loid who shook his head, Burghley; apple pip Kelly and raisiu Jc.ving Child ; locomotive Locke and curfew Bell : Lord March and Bust ; teetotal Hey woilh and stout-famed Guinness; double r,!0U¿cd Meux and the milder Perty ; toonil these' conspirators was rather too good a joko for general appreciation, and was rendered all the more insipid by the piquant relish attached to it on the Treasury Bench, espe- cially by Sir George Groy, himself one nf tho Lichfield House compact, and there- in! o nil the moro inexcusable in affecting to believo that there could be one heart where lhere are difforent kidneys. I By tho time Palmerston sat down it was felt his speech had made no converts ; and Mulgrave was in a state of collapse near the door, occasionally Bhowing signs ofspasniodic vitality, undor Colonel Taylor's sotirlc con- gratulations touching the constitutional ad- vantages of a strong Government. Hayter, bowover, kept up a bold front throughout, to iîiC, very last, till the clerk at thetubloput Jho* fatal division-paper in the hands of Cobden. Then " Lumhro's visage ;fell." Tho rinbjt honourable Goodenough turnod froP1. his usual rubicund tint to a lively malachite! green, as though ho had just drained that porcelain prc-sontation goblet of his, full cf essence of lizard; and he crept off lo ill's customary corner seat without making the usual obeisance to Mr, Speaker. That functionary, by the way, seemed the most surprised individual in the wholo asFcmbly at the announcement. Instinc- tively he clapped his band to his wig, as if he felt the prescriptive coronet slipping off, or very inconveniently pressing his temple, as it will press nonry John's; for tho speakor Fhip will bo the pinch of partios, radicals and tories promiscuously having to vote for or cgainst tory or radical candidate, as Speaker never was voted for or against beforo since Pttpr do Montfort first said " Tho ayes havo it," and for so saying had his head cut off. not by au Act of Parliament, but by a " bill," on iii« field of Evesham, shortly after. The con btunatlon among all grades of Tapers and Tadpoles was ovorpowerirjg ; butthe astonish- ment among the strangers was the real feature of the night. Thoy couldn't believe what thoy had heard, and a good many of ll.cm wouldn't believe it for some time; 'and when at last, having doue io, they didn't know what to make of the fact, much wondering whether the Onadorncd would be "sent for," and, if so, lirilv lin wmiM ownt"-. «-:*i- o- -r- . - - now no would arrange with Sir Edward Ou3t 3 c specting court sword, knee buckles, and the rest of the costumeal observances without which Britannia will suffer no one to rule waves or land. Next day, Wednesday though it was, crowds of curioBity-hunters were about the House ; but no Ministers of first class wow <hcie, all being at a Cabinet Council, except Talbot Biines for a little while at tho begin- ning. That worthy Lancastilan was as gravely unconcerned as ever, deeming the rose of the Zitate without a thorn, whether ho were privi- leged to srnoll at it or not. On Thursday the «ispect'of affairs had changed indeed for tha better in Ministerial eyes ; and the so lately ' bang-dog look of all tho poodles of placo ha I pivenwayto the eourtly ah of the privilege 1 ¿Ting Challes breed again. The Premier would ijtand by his post, and the bundle of stickí wordd adhere to him, every ono of thom hav- ing a "who's afraid" air, suggestive of shillelaghs. To tho " sticking " point havo the com ago of the sticks been screwed, and out they won't " turn, save by I main forco, which can be applied by no ' one now, at least for the present. Woll they know thut agreeable truth, and emphatically aro tht-y 'evincing that knowledge. Last night, for instance, thoy repeatedly Interrupted j Glad3tono and Disraeli with cries of | " divide," as though the speakers woro boras I of the George Thompson or Newdegate school. The Member for Bucks spoko with extraordi- nary animation, for him-with the rapidity of Shiel, and the gesticulation of Brougham, and altogether very unlike his usual self seeming thoroughly in earnest. And what was, it all about? About the grocers :-" Ia the name of the Prophet, figs 1"-not out of date In the mouth of a Bedouin, though rather exotio In that of tho Biltlsh farmen' friend. What this new elocutionary empres- sement in tho Coming Man moy portend tlie'to is at present no divining, but, it certainly means something.-perhaps '. ti bear down tho rising impertlnenco oftha small official fry just noted, who are ovidoatly ?c"efermlned'to go all lengths now, and will ¡canyon a Donnybrook fair saturnalia till th» "bleak up. They aie likely to find their match at any sort of game in Benjamin linst night, when they kept crying out "Dil vide, divide," most offensively, he exclaimed with an unparliamentary familiarity that threw Lefevre into a cold Bhiver, " No, I won't divide 1" and rattled on as fast as before, the reports this morning not giving half what ha enid ; for the fourth estate seemingly mean to cstraciso him in his own verbosity line and "'mark" him in theirs. And BO with all who aro not for the powers that bo, or letting them be as they be. The gentlemen of Downing-street appear to fancjr that thoy have'converted that cul de sac Into a Gihraltar, which can't be taken, and they coolly pour tho hot shot ol contempt on all impotent assailants. Palmerston waB in the House to tha finale last night, quitB rojuveai ?zed ngaiu, only moro restless than was his ?wont till lately; for instead of sitting almost motionless for half-a-dozen hours at a stretch as he used to de, ovon last .session, he is now' in and now - out, every twenty minutes often leaving in the midst of an im- portant speech against him; but no offence is taken, as It is known no dis- courtesy is meant, and that ho will be baok again presently, and pay respectful attention io eveiy woid. His subordinates, however »re no copyists in this respect,-and their change from obsequiousness to anoganoe is not a little remarkable. Up to Tuesday night thoy were as deferential as Chinese professors of deportment (ought to be :) but now thoy bear themselves as unbeaiably as Yeh. It ig lather odd.however, that Hayter hasn't had more applications about seats than appears to have yet been the case. It is also very re- markable that Coppock is by no means so over-pressed on the some score,this wook M be was last. He was in the lobby last night, and a very small gathering of prospective, or prospecting, M.P.^3 was about him. In fact these sort of cattle don't know what to renke, of bim nor does ho know what to make of himself. What is he? Parliamentary jtgent for the liberals, But who are the li- berals? Supporters of the 'Government. And who are they? Tyrrell, Drummond, "VaneTempost, Horsfall, Masterman, Bentinck, Blandford, Butt, &c.; <> Here bo a dilemma, the like of which Coppock, who is nover oat of one, was never in before. But who'll profit by all this? Why the Tories, of course; and they mean to do so, too, and ore Betting about it in a business-like manner already. All is fish that comes, to their net, and H won't be for want of the enmeshing process they don't have a most Batisfaotory haul. 1 he scale of the Carlton subsciiption is some- thing astonishing, if only a unction of what is reported bo true. Christopher, the Croesus of tho county side, heads all coronets with his largesse, and distancing dukes, earls, and nil the descendants of all the barons of Bunnymede. So ho ought, for ho is the Cer- berus of the party, being three gentlemen, oc ladies, rolled into one. Thrice has he changed his name, and each time obtaining an i cnoimous fortuno ; and now a fourth > »waits 'him > on like conditions. What wondor, then, that withj such a stake in tho country, he should prepare to honour the approaching May poll in the manner desido rnted by " good and safe men" of the sterling Frail school. And in reference to that cele- brity, busy as a beo about the honeyed hive yesterday, what has become of W.B.? Mo- mentous interrogation, thero is no saying what may not turn on to the answer. As \- $? nynootk seems dispatched to Purgatory, and ; perhaps still further off, many of its oldest opponents having gone over to tho enemy, I the Major will probably desiie to be no longer ; unattached, but>to join forthwith, of course) ( biinglng over Morgan and those other auri t liaries of whom one so skilled ia tha working of constitutional usages has a corps not less numerous and a good deal bet- ter disciplined, but somewhat moro squeamish, it is to be hoped, for tlio sake of Christopher, and company, than Beat eon's hashi - bazouks. When Beres j ford is announced as having been seen in tht> j viclnBge of. any electra! theatre, Iwe'mayho pretty sure the curtain is going io draw and \ the play really to begin ; but what sortof play j it is to be, tragical comical-historical-pas toral, or what not, the ghost of Polonlu3, if it wero to revisit the glimpses of the moon, nor, TI hat is moro to the purpose, the spirit of Billy Holmes, wero it to turn into Pall Mall, could tell. Such as never been seen, heard, oc dreamt of as that which we shall be in tha thick of next month-It ought to be the 1st. A s far as the metropolis is concerned, all is ia o state of indifferenttem except the city, where operations are to be opened on TUM dny, at the London Tavern, when the Beform ^Registration Society are to " pronounce?. " rahncrston won't stand ; everybody know« that; but, nevertheless, certain busybodies 61 e determined to nominate him, partly ia a ppirit of toadyism, partly to annoy the-idol Lord John. But, tho chances are, that, after nil, in the city, now seething excitement, there will bo contest whatever, his lordehip and Bothschild coming in quietly as before, and some two others lu place of the now sitting pair, assuming that they want to sit no longer. It is needless to say that all other public matters are ignored. The fashionable auctioneers especially are in despair at the Ireakup, which will prevent them knocking down according to announcement, the bbou l teric, vertu, and so forth, of the interesting Red j pulu, for instance, that were to be sold by f Christie and Manson, being sure to suffer I prodigious depreciation in consequence of S many who had a fancy for the memorabilia of that picturesque scoundrel having to he off to the provinces. It may bo worth a note that to-day concluded Poster's three days' sale of i he effects of poor Collett, who loft yow financial reformers £1,000, the proceeds being al ont £3,000, of which the wine realised one tbird, the plate £600, the pictures only £199, and the boohs tho remainder, The attend- ance was large, and nono of the things were eiolen-the best tribute to the memory of tho poachers' friend. _ ' AN AUSTRALIAN EDITOR PERSONATED.-Last week a man of exceedingly good address called at the residence of tho Kev, Brooks Herford, Unitarian minister, of Sheffield, aud represented himself aB Mr. Ebenezer Syme, formerly employed as a village missionary by that religious body in tho north of England. He stated that two years ago he left his wife ' and three children in London, and emigrated to Australia, to join a friend in partnership there ; that on his arrival he found his friend dead, that he himself was seized with a long and severe illness, which absorbed what funds he had, and on his recovering, being In a state of abject poverty, he, in order to obtain a passage back to England, served on board a ship as cook, and landed in Liverpool on Sunday week. Being anxious to join his fa- mily in London, he had walked from Liverpool to Sheffield, and was then de- vrons of some little assistance to enable ( him to purchaso clothes and travel f to London to meet MB friends, .Rifo, and children. Mr. Herford knew by repute that a Mr. Syme had been connected with his religious body in tho north some years ago, but had afterwards adopted tho views of the Joseph Barkerites, or Secularists. The knowledge which tho applicant showed of the leading men of the Unitarian body, and the reference he made to his having been writer in tho Reasoner, and other publica- tions of the Secularists, induced Mr, Herford to believe that he was the Mr. Syme referred to, and ultimately he gave him £1. Two days afterwards the man again called upon Mr. Herford, and as an explanation of his being füll in Sheffield, said that he had received information that his children were dead, and his wife had gone to reside with some rela- tives at Newcastle and ho was waiting for » letter from her. Mr. Herford suggested that he might at once proceed to Nowcastle, ana any letter which might reach Sheffield would be forwarded. Some difficulty was raised by the party, in reply to which, so completely had ho won the «mudenco of tho rev. gentle- man, that ho gave him one of his address cards, saying he might leave that at the Post ornoo, to ensure a compliance with his desire that the letter should be forwarded to Nowcashe. Later the same day the person called at Moors brook Hall, and presented the Bev. Mr. Her- ford 's card to the Misses Shore, with somo IfncB written at tho bock, purporting to bo Blgncd by tho rev. gentlemen, recommending the bearer as a worthy object for sympathy and aid. The Misses Shore, from their past experience, declined to afford any asslstanco .ri til they had had the opportunity of making seme inquiry, but told him that if ho would call next day, and they In the meantime as- certained that his representation were cor icrt, they wonld assist him. Tho person never called again, and the result of Miss Shows inquiry WBB tho discovery that he had forged the endorsement at tho back of the Bev. Mr. Hertford, card. We may add that the real Mr.Ebenezer Syme, instead of having re- turned to England under the circumstances described by tlio impostor, is the editor and proprietor of an influential Australian jour- nal.-TAC Times. , " , " Wo aro glad to perceive that the Queen lias tccorded a pension of £100 a-ycar to Lieut. KiiHEc-y, of the Bedan, and that |ho has b«a milde u Knight of the Legion of Honour. iy ihe Ewpeioi OÍ tt-C FlU-th. 