I .. ====== EHaUSB CLIPPINGS EY "OUR I'TJNTTy SCISSORS.' A MODEB.V JACK SHKI'PABD.-A daring escape was ronde by a thief from a warehouse in Newcastle, in which he was. locked while a policeman wes sent for. Ii«, first threw tho bugs containing his booty down upon the pavement,' and then sprang out in the air at a hook, connected with a crane inside, which he fortunately suc- ceeded in reaching, and his weight was just sufficient to set tho crane in motion nnd let bim gently to thc ground, when ho picked up his bags and walked off. 1/ad ho missed thc huok be must inevitably have fallen to the ground and been smashed. It appears that ho bad inti- mated to his gaoler bis intention to escapo, who told him lie wns very likely to do it " with it hook." This remark suggested to tho thiof the only available mode of escape. A Goon BERTH.-Tho British navy has been aug- mented hy the addition of the " Royal Sovereign," a steamer of 131 guns, which was lately launchod at Portsmouth. Tho addition of tho Royal Sovereign 11 scroamer," which was late)/ launched at Osborne, is likely, however, to create a greater sensation, and to moko quito as much noise in the world. ROMANCE ON TUH¡HOAI>B.-The reward of.£100, which had for sotno time beeu offered by advertisement in the. Landon papers for the discovery of two young ladies missing from their homes, has been claimed by thc mail- man at Canterbury, who discovered the fair fugitives by the pale light of tho moon, standing , by tho roadsldo in company.with n donkey, a loaf, a carpetbag, a skye terrier, and two hnts, tho owners of which wera no- where to bo seen. Tho young ladies acknowledged to tho bolleo their identity with tho persons advertised, and stated I hat their ad ventares were the fruits of family jars, nnd that they wera then on their rel urn from Franco. " Tms-FiN OP PiiiBNDSiiir.-Tlie Kussinn Government liavo ncccded to tho distribution of £8000, collected for tho Finland Famine Asanciutiun au behalf of tho starv- ing Fins', This act nf charity proves them to have less affinity with savages tim ii they hnvo of late received credit for. A KxiottT op HORIIORS,-A circumstance which might almost lead ono to imagine that mildness may tia com- municated from one person to another happened here laBt Friday. ' A man named Knight lust his senses, and to provont him from doing mischief, ho was sent lo the asylum, and his wife nnd child wei o taken to tho house of his uncle. The next morning the latter went into tho yard to draw somo wntor from tho butt, and was very much frightened nt feeing the body of his niece rise to thu surface Ile called for assistance to take out tho body, and directly afterwards on coing to annthor butt, ho discovered tho body of her child," It is hardly a matter of surprise that tho droadfni apparitions of his murdorcd victims, rising, like Bnnquo's ghost boforo tho guilty wretch, should liavo deprived him of his senses, nnd left him powerless to re-but such overwhelming evi- dence. IMPORTANT TO IHR COOK-A-DOODLB-UO CLUB.-"Tho camion necessary lu the use of strychnine has boon for- cibly shown in the death of n number of fowls from eat- ing rats poisoned by that substance. Tho doud bodies of ibo rats were thrown upon a heap of inniiure, where they rotted, and were then eaten by tho fowls; tho strength of tho poison having, apparently, been in no degree lessened by remaining so long in thc bodies of tho rats." For tho benefit of chicken fanciers who may not bc acquainted with tho pathology of the fowl disease, wo may as well mention that n great number of birds in this country have fallen a victim to tho destroyer. A gond many liavo been washed away by thc Unod, numbers have died game, and others have "hi pped tho twig" to thu tuno of " Pop goes tho Weasel". KAOOKU RASCALS.-Of all tho charitable works in which Lord Shaftesbury has bean engaged tho most use- ful, probably, is that of the Hagged School Union. Tho number nf scholars in tho 3.111 ragged schools is 22,000. Thc shoeblack brigade earned hint year X230O, of which j640 stund» to their credit in the Savings' Banks, Several of tho boys have saved money nnd emigrated to Canada, and 641 boys and 619 girls belonging to different schools have been placed out at service, lt is intended to try the experiment of establishing a brigade nf crossing sweepers. Brigadier-General Lord Shaftesbury unques- tionably deserves great credit for his philanthropic exer- tions, and it ia to bo hoped that the shoe black brigade will vio with the crossing-sweepers in reflecting tho polish of their distinguished patron. Tho idea will probably mon bo carried out in the colonies, and regiments of ragged infantry be formed in Sydney. A brigade of bul- lock drivers for insuinco, or a column of cruwlers, would be very cfl'ectivo, and although probably their attcntiou to tho discipline of the Savings Bank would not equal that of Lord Shaftesbury's prntcgos, this deficiency would bo moro than compensated by tho very forcible language they aro nt all times able to command, mid which alone would bo sufficient to strike terror into the enemy. THOMAB FULLHK BACON.-The Knglish papers give accounts of several horrid murders, and justice seems to have been cheated of its vietim by tho acquittal of Bacon for the murder of bis two children and tho dis- charge of his wife on the ground of insanity. Bacon is stitt detained in custody on another charge, which is no less than tho " murder of his mother." Wo confess that we should like to see both sides as well as tho rib of this bacon hung. 