THE GEELONG TRYST Tuesday --A better muster of members of members of the hunt, than might have been expected to attend so distant a locality, arrived at Geelong in the course of Monday afternoon and evening. The hounds and Mr. Watson's stud went down by rail, but there being only two horse boxes on the Strength of the M. and G. Co. 's plant, the private nags had to be conveyed by steamer. Unfortu- nately the sea was so rough that it was hard work for the quadrupeds to keep on their legs for the first two hours, but the finish of the voyage allowed a maintenance of equine equilibrium, and no harm resulted. Hooper's comfortable Terminus Hotel was the head quarters of the club, and a snug dinner was ready for the expected visitors at seven o'clock, the comforts of the horses having been first attended to, as is the hounden ?, duty of good sports men. Howell's stables and loose boxes had been engaged for the accommodation of the Melbournites and the im- mediate attention paid by the worthy proprietor and his brother, who were in attendance on the arrival of the steamer, was a guarantee that the wants of the gallant steeds would be carefully looked after. A pleasant evening was passed, though we were left quite to our- selves, the Geelong folks being most probably engaged half the night in policing up their hunting appoint- ments, and wisely deeming it best to avoid over-night expectations, and ' think of their heads in the morning. The eventful day broke most promisingly, and by seven o'clock a long string of red-coated hunters were seen wounding their way to Howell's, much to the astonish- ment of the milk girls and market gardeners, who were the only inhabitants of the deadly lively' Pivot, so early in the streets. However, very shortly after ourtor our appearance in such ' dazzling array,' the town seemed to become suddenly alive, and hundreds of gaping sight seers congregated round the stable yard to witness the start of the cavalcade. Much to the gratification of the visitors, several of the natives (for Geelong is considered a district sui generis, with a language of its own) turned out in the correct 'pink,' and their prads, if not so well groomed as our clipped favourites, looked well able to go to pace. By the time we had got a mile out ' of town, there were nearly eighty horsemen in company, and a brilliant sight it was. The morning was most lovely, everybody was in tip-top spirits, and the threats of daring deeds to be performed during the day were enough to frighten the beasts we bestrode, had they been conveyed in the Hounnyhm language. About eight miles on the Queenscliff road, at host Pike's, a halt was called, and there was a general indulgence in a bite ' and sup,' as a final fortifier against coming fatigues. Thence a further march was made for three or four miles, a few of the over-eager ones varying the route by trying their luck at a few petty fences ; and at last we turned off on to the Kangaroo round. When first thrown into cover, the excited cavaliers, who were unused to field sports, pressed too close on the hounds, every one wanting to get away at the break, However, by dint of a little per- suasion from the Melbourne 'regulars,' and some lusty shouting on the part of the worthy Major Lascelles , they were kept in tolerable check, though a little more quietness would have given a better chance to find the game soon. Several parties successively acted as pioneer to the master, but in spite of their asservations that the country was swarming with kangaroo, divil a tail did we see during a wearying knocking-about for more than four hours — the only fun being the petting over a few fences, and the laughs at the style in which some did it. Countenances now began to look as blank as the prospects of the day, and we from Melbourne could scarce help comparing our certain Chelten- ham hunting - ground to the great disadvan- tage of that we were drawing over. Ah horses and hounds had become somewhat leg-weary, Mr. Watson ' called a halt, and a smoke and pull at the flask were in- dulgcd in. Just as we mounted again, a cockatoo settler came cantering up, and said he had seen some flyers near his place that morning. Under his guidance 'we again commenced drawing, and in about an hour had the good fortune to view away a middling sized ' old man' from the Grass Tree hill. What a crash of music and -dash of horsemen was then made ! Why, the bugles and charge of the Balaklava six hundred were nothing to it So determined was each man to be first, that it was regular racing, and only that the hounds were too fast for the horses, they would have stood a poor chance of escaping being ridden over. A fifteen minutes' spin, however, brought most to their level, though it was astonishing how well the majority kept up, on such unlikely looking horse-? though the going was over capital ground at the com- mencement of the run. A change, however, 'came over the spirit of their dream,' as a succession of log fences came into the line. All the Melbourne men, and several of the Geelongees, took them in style; but the ruck got over and through in most marvellous manners. At every jump, there were at least two horses to be seen running loose ; the one having tumbled over rider and all, the other having deposited his burthen on the land ing side, and stopped himself on the take-off. Spill after spill caused roars of laughter, the joke boing quite ' as much appreciated, apparently, by the unlucky as ' the lucky, and there was fortunately no more damage done than ditty noses and split unmen- ' tionables. On and on wo galloped, the melody of the pack, the cheering voice of the master, ' and the rattling of the unfortunate fences, causing a wild excitement that all enjoyed. alike Three trifling check allowed the field to join the first- flighters, though how in the world they managed it is a mystery at this mo- ment to Nimrod's Ghost. They certainly must have either lifted their nags over the timber, or else have crawled under the bottom bars, for some of the funny looking cocktails never could have had a bona fide in their anatomy. For a long hour the steam was kept up, and the field was stretched in such a lengthy line, that the last man must have been at least a mile in rear of the pack; but as long as he could only see somebody before him, each seemed satisfied that he was enjoying a capital hunt. Just as it was 'bellows to mend with even the best mounted men, for we had done a good ten miles, the hounds throw up in the middle of a largo paddock, and we got a few seconds breathing time; though only a few, for the quarry was viewed out of a neighbouring water hole, and the darlings opened on him in a trice. A very pretty spirt now ensued, the country being a good grassy sward, interspearsed with some pretty fencing-. ' The horses boing rather fagged, the timber got heavily knocked about, and whip,- spur, and voice were liberally used to assist their failing powers. ' Borak !' shouted Mr. F., as he charged a dog-leg, and the word was hardly out of his mouth, when he found himself kissing mother earth. 'Take that for your clumsiness,' said, he, giving him a welt in the mouth as both got up together— and 'Borak !' was again heard as he faced each impediment in a voice of stentorian power, indeed, it was credibly reported next day by an unhappy gentleman who had been compelled to pass the night in the bush, that he heard the echoes repeating ' Borak!' until day -break. 'Come up, old horse!' sang out Major., as he put him at a rasper; but the old horse came down instead ; and the impression left by the fill of 17 stone on the landing side caused a hollow which will be a decent sized water-hole after the next rain. ' Ha ! ha!' laughed the Minor L ; but a similar mishap damaged his own four-and-nine, and took the laugh out of him. Fast and furious grew the pace, and uncountable the purlers, till we readied the open bush again, when some nasty grass-tree cover made the going both slow and dangerous. The difficulty in our getting through it gave the long-tailed 'un an advantage, though he had been viewed two or three times, and at the next check it was decided to leave him for another day, as we were a long way from home and very tired, having run a good sixteen links, and no doubt, changed our kangaroo once, if not twice. How many dismounted sportsmen were left in the bush all night has not yet been discovered, but accounts are almost hourly coming in of saddled prads being seen careering amongst the gum trees, and the Ghost expects to see two or three columns of rewards for ' strayed horses,' in this week's issue of Bell's Life Taku it altogether, the fun was very good, the main faults of the day the anxiety of outsiders to rush at the particular part of a fence which bettor nuAintod? men were going at, and thus causing confusion and risk of accidents The hounds were sent from where we left off, to Mr. Laugdon's so as to be near Saturday's tryst, and we got back to Geelong about six o'clock, both bipeds and quadrupeds having had enough of it. In the evening, an excellent spread was given at the British Hotel by the Geelong sportsmen to their Mel- bourne visitor, and there was a full gathering of the right sort. The fare was elegant and sumptuous, and every attention and compliment was paid to the com- pany by the Chairman and Vice, Messrs. Fraser and Philips. Healths and champagne were liberally mingled together, nor was any lack of the spice addi- tion of ' friendly chaff.' Every man seemed to have a lively recollection of his neighbour's misfortunes, and a lively forgetfulness of his own : but all vehemently affirmed that they would take the shine out of one an- other on the next field day. In the utmost cordiality the party seperated at midnight, we of Melbourne being fully convinced that, though the Geelongeese dialect be difficult of comprehension, the hearts of the natives are in the right place. FOR FRIENDS WITH SHORT MEMORIES.— A now um- brella has been manufactured in Connecticut, called the leading umbrella. It is made of brown paper and wil- low twigs, intended exclusively to accommodate a friend. 