" METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. I ... (From the Liverpool' Albion, April 0.)' Surprising to sary, the millennium hasn't arrived yet, Palmerston in an overpowering majority ¡ Yoh squelched ¡ Ferukh Khan warbling bulbul notes in praise ' ol Bull ; Petter and Turner twin standard-bearers to Bri- tannia, with ghouh rampant on a dilapidated cotton bog for a device; Cobden.and Bright members for nowhere ; 'Mr. Wilson's beaver synonymous with the British lion ; red-tape the oritlarae of popularity ; universal unanimity about our particular felicity in having a Hayter who has .everything his own way; boards of trade tables groaning with national prosperity ; and yet -- up tumbles the bank rate a half per cent., and down tumbles the funds a half rand a quarter!. How very odd. Dogberry, of Manches ter won't believe it; or, it he can't deny it, will prove it is all owing'to the murrain among the Holstein cattle, caused by the conspiracy between, Sir James Graham and W. J. Fox to destroy the British constitution by -saying that Bowring isn't a Cerberus of sagacity, a Solo this pe'ouhíary phenomenon-is Very portentous.^ It.shows. that our Cromwell has a good deal to learn yet from his! -Gallic friend, the Caesar of the coup d'état. When Louis Napoleon became master of,the Situation, ho put,n.pup. pet nt the head of the Bank of France"", that ' tho' rate' ?.shouldn't dare to alter, on'the prinoipleof the gentleman . in New Orleans who fastened down the quicksilver in the thermometer, by wey of keeping' the weather' 'fçpmT.b'e', coming inconveniently warm. Now tho first lord of the treasury in Threadneedle-street 'is A-'l "with' the'flra't lord of tho treasury in DowningrStroet Weguelitf ïs ZPalmorston's particular oat'.s-paw.,h For h|m. the, prornjer, sent rotund that ciroular which put so disastrous a spoke in tba, ,wheel 'of 'coach-mVkibg Andrews,'charioteer to »Kossuth, und to whoin the Hungarian at diaper disclosed -something pbout'Mho truly British minister" that must' baye suggested'to the Mayor 'of 'Southampton- the pro priety.'of committing the. owner of Broadlands to ^'n: chester gaol, on no oharge in particular, but Nowgate -oalendarism ingeneral.' .For, Weguelin.'moreover, was editorial'Fulvpy's'salaried thread'of stamp- distributing -.ecistenoe cut'short by .those three weird,.sisters-very old wbmén,'indeed-the commissioners of excise, who . considered that liberty'af tho press strictly meant liberty ' to puff tho.powers that bo.. If, .then, oblivious 'flt" these governmental obligations, tho Governor of tho Bank not only didn't reduce discount, as he ought, say to three' ..and a half, or throe, which would Lave made toing pleasant, bvttaomnlly rai«ed it to .six ¿rid a half, witl ' tho adflitiopol embarrassing addendum about " ftrst-olaa paper,".what rvmy wo.not expect'in the shape of awfu «ingratitude when tho session sets in ,It moy. bo sair -that Vfeguelin had to consider tho M rest '' of tho 'Bank i : ?England. 'Sordid-arid debasing'iden!', What is¡the rèsi 'Of the'Bank of England to the peace of .mind,'pf tb« .minister.of England; and how can he have peace ol mind when there is curtailment' even of the" customary accommodation, -/rightness in Lombard-street, is sym- bolical, pf garotting in Whitehall; Easy money was loose principled Peel's test bf political popularity, andi doubt- less so it is too .vith his looso-prtnoipled sucoesàor.. ïn tho presqnt'P.'a oas.i it is woran tlinn.in the other P.'s. .Peel rrteant nleasuros as well as. tba mao; Palmerston means, the man,-»nd measures are considered superflu- ous, mere " appendages;" like hie colloaguos. Have not the Bahlt and all belonging to.it, and every other bank, including the British, Humphery; Brown and Apsley Pell au especially, boen .howling 'for Palmerston, the .whole Palmerston,.and nothing but Palmerston, ns Bul- wer told .Hortfordsliiro the other dayf Well they.havo .got tlïeir Palmerston, and 'their philosopher's stone, instead of turning baie metal to gold, .turns .gold into pinchbeck, and further alloys the pinchbeck with a half {»er cent. ;-dreadful verdigris, typical of green and yel ow melancholy that overspreads the aspect of needy Christian nnd .usurious'Jew throughout the unaceeptibg bills of mortality. « . . ,'? Within, thosè bills Ibero,is a deoidod cooling of the torrid,ministoriulism which glowed so furiously a couple .of weeks ago. Tho ployfnl lightning of to- day^s. Thun- derer ;nbout the majority being like aman of snówwhioh timo Uiaws has.rather oloüded those halcyon visions of perpetual sunshine wherein Corn- bill basked',so,,corh placontly only.iho other day.. .Henry. Drummond,, who becomes more oracular the older he grows, and is more credited perhaps'because ho is richer, says* that tho minister is likely to be.oried down just as wildly as he was cried up':-an ominous dictum coming from one who didn't belong to tho SOI Y*hite "atoms." Then «gain there is Lay uni, still a wiso man Of the East,-sup ported by thai Chaldea shepherd, Caird of Baldoon, now M.P. for Dartmouth on his own account. Tho' ite is reported this morning, in ibo very boat' speech .delivered during tho whole of the' electioneering hubbub, to bara said nt Wigtown that Palmerston would be ont in two/inontbs; ¿nd ns Lord John's Under-Sooretary for .. Foreign Affairs is supposed to luivo peouliar opportuni- ties for seeing into tho enoray's camp at homo as hu had from the " maintop of the Agamemnon," and as,- more *o.v.er, tie is skilled in the delineation of tho hieroglyphics 'Ot the.sphinx of Tiverton as well as the sphinx or Tnd mor, nl.ligatnri. on tho Exe os well as allegories on tho Nile, why Ibero aro people who put faith in his sooth- sayings, and shako their heads admonltively accordingly, implying that we shall soe what wo shall seo, which wo .very probably, shall if wo only live long enough, and that need not bo very lone. Urion wiiiit poiut tho first teat is tobe taken is now tl . talle. Tito Speakership is expected to present no did «?cully. Whether Heines or Fiizroy is set up hy the pn plier, his return is cqu.illy sure, as no other ministerio ist would stand, mid none but such would have a chano Either of tho pair would bo .vofy indifferent.'. Exo'ellei as is tho worthy tn'cmber'Tor Leeds, ho nlwnys looks i if tho fuct of being called Talbot imposed tho ncaessil of deporting himself as though he were defending Mogo ?Charta from n charge of Cossacks-ns if ho were tl forlorn hopo of the ghosts of thu Birons of Eunnoymod «nd couldn't coudescond to anything loss than a hehent ing business. Fitzroy is the oppositi». He would cot duet tho gravost affairs of tho House just as though h ware ohnfforin^ with his former foes, the cabmen, as t tho maximum eightpence per mile, for a Hansom, and th minimum sixponco per ditto, far a four-wheeler. Di either it is to he, for there is no choice on that sid< Palmerston would doubtless 'ba delighted to give hi ' voto and intorest for one on the other side,- VVulpoli Thosiger, or otherwise, nnd you needn't he particulnrl . astonished,if oartnin subterranean npirit-rappiug shoul . summon n medium from tho opposition legs of tho tnblt But thnt is not-what will bring out tho reform ciernen . at Ute houso that I'ani's built. Kilobuck is snid tb hov ? a certain something ready in raferenoe to the numorou ' disputed elections, tho returns poiitionod against, thr will bring tho professed theories of tho treasury to \- praotionl issue; ami tho working, or the way to ensur tho working, of tho now bill against impropor praotiooi ' will bo n prodigious lover in his bnnds. This wa always John Arthur's Rtrongoft ground; ho has alway been groatosl ia dealing with uioation law and electora lawlessness ; nnd it is not ut nil improbable that such motion an ile is now said to meditate may bring th new House about tho old premier's oars era ho ann sa \- Jack Robinson j-mom.-commonly oallod Visooun . Oodorhb, winne experiences among the "amalgamate engineorri " hnvu nnublod him to fuse nil parties into auf porters for tho West Biding. There will probably b not IOSB thnii.'firty petitions, thus disqualifying naman ? members from voting, axoept for Speaker, till thai ? cases aro disposed of. Now to disposo of theso thor must bo nt lonst twice, if not tinea times, as ninny mom ''bera, sitting in committee; mid when you boorin mini that thoso sittings won't begin till towards June, [prc crastinatiou in nil things being tho ministerial card, you may guoss what chanco there is for private or pub lio business oithor during this yum*. But this inanitior will notMvcaton senatorial tompcr; nnd tho most obse Suious Hnytnr.'nns may turn restive;-tho Tontl ogion itself may refuse to follow Julius, howove: .dovoted to Civis ltoinanun just now. Though no petition in tho casu ls yet lodged, it ma; 'bo talton fur grunted that tho very floroost to bo fought will bo that pitrtnlning to tho promior's own pooke borough, fur which his bosom friond is once moro tom . ?pornry member-tho perennial Pat Somors, in honou 'of whoso forthcoming presence in l'nlaae-yard the stool of whisky nt Uollnioy'8 is probably by this timo undor going a prudential uuR,mentntion. There oro many mar .vols in thiH wondrous ngo; but whore Somera gets thc money tn get into Pnrliumont, mid tho additional mono; *to resist being turnad nut, is the crowning mystory Why lie tihould wont to bo in, why nny ono olso sh ou h want him in, why hu Bhould bo no orton in, nnd so oftet ?out, nnd why, nbovo nil tilings, ho should now bo ii «gain, whoti it in Impossible ho cnn bo tho smnlleBt uni ' exaept fur tho infliction of Connaught lottor-oarriors 01 Howland Hill, whom tho whole Circumlocution OIUoi Tognrd with cannibal forooily, is indeed inoomprehonslbh Howovor, his . good Hmo moy como nt Inst. Mionov ? among tho Irl ton« Torso many years, ho may now hopi to bo n triton nniatig tho minnows, a vary whnlo in thc ?pouting linn ns compared with tho small fry of stook fish from over tho wntor, novor BO muto since St. l'ntriol ? erasBod tho herring pond. Indeed tho Irlshr; «oem to bo lock-jiwod with ntnnv.omcnt nt thi . flupov-Coltlo, mid therefore supernatural verbosity -of Gladstone, who ought to bo nn Hibernian nnd if so his nnmo should havo hoon " Flood." Apropo .of that, ho lint just boen doing n Utile, nr rnthor n gran -deal, ho couldn't do a iittlo of anything, in tho onto -diluvian line. In a votumo of Oxford Essays .publishotl thin wook, ho han a poper of fill pnrtos " Ol tho plnoo of Homer in Clnssiani Fducnlion and His composition; and of course aa learned, ai the Uti« of tb) theme implies. He opens in a »train rather startlini considering all we bear about reform- namely-" In at ancient city, be who had a new law to propose made bit appearance, when about to discharge that duty, with i baiter round bis neck." Why this is 'Urquhart over again. David says the new law-makers are the old law- breakers; and that until the law-breakers are hanged legislation can only be a machine for strangling justice, and producing that obliquity of moral vision which causes flagitious shams to be taken for inesti mable realities. But, alack, feebler 's the " Spirit of the East " against the grossness of the West ; humbug has more heads than the hydra slain at tho " Pillars of Heracles;" and Calcraft is as likely to be one of the functionaries in the now Speaker's train as be was in the old. . Dropping that string, and taking up the Oxford yarn, it is ourious to note what a striking though unconscious appreciation of - self. .Gladstone .exhibits at tho dose of bis essay, saying-"It ip betfer, to write"one7word upon , tho rook than a thousand on the water 'or tho sand ; . bettor to remove a single stray stone out of tba path 'tho't mounts thp^hill of ' true oui turo than to hew out ; miles of devious "tracks " which : mislead -and bewilder when we.travel thom, and make us móre'tbori content if ,jwe aro fortunate enough to , find; when ' we emerge out ',of their , windings,,' that we have simplyj returned > to s the .point .ip our age, from which,? in 'sanguine '.youth, we set, out.';; ; Really if this ; were written by'a censor of the right; honourable's own idiosyncraoy and career, a good natured reader would bo inclined' to) 1 regard it as rather tod personal. But, beams and motes, motes and beams 1. .It was so in tho time, of -the blind. ¡bid, man of Solo's rocky isle," B.C. 015, and is sd "in"the itirqe of his lynx-eyed critic of.A.D. 185.7. Like a genuine Peelite, however, Gladstone keeps n shrewd look ont for tho merits of members of his own clique; and accordingly contrives to bring in a most dextorous and decided puff of a long-forgotten and never-much remembered work of Aberdeen's- an "Inquiry into tho Principles of Beauty in Grecian Architecture,' published nearly forty years ago, being one of those performances which caused " the travelled tbane, Athenian Aberdeen," to share the Byronic Curse of Minerva with him of tho " Marbles," the father of our new Pekin plenipotentiary, who, by'the way, seems in ho hurry te make the acquaintance'¿if that philanthropic arsenic sprinkler, Yeh. _ For an incessantly-working'member of Parliament like Gladstone tb flu'd time and.inclination to- write- this laborious disquisition on such a subject as Homer-is.a singularity that speaks for itself. A still-more tuneful, though much loss poetic sample of a legislator's industry; is a new edition of General Thompson's work' pn "the. " Enharmonic of tho Ancients." This, it may bo re- ' membered by old readers of tho Wcttminttsr, ? WA9 the' title of ono of the most-singular nf. tho. m DOV stranm> .' effusions the gallant writer contributed to tbe Bentham- ite periodical, and", which used to furnishsucbrnaterials for quizzing to tho other two quart erlifee. -'- He bas now reproduced it,, with elaborate additions, for the purpose of, exemplifying how all his. theories have been worked out by 'Miss. Northcote, on a new- organ of Robson's,, "with-'38 ratñuals in the octavo, , thereby settling the. question of 'tho " practicability of just intonation on keyed instruments,: -and realising'the'visions of Guido and Mer*ohh~e, and" the ha'rmonistB of classical antiquity." Crotobetly te-' the last; crotchetty as when, to the never-ending merri- ment of tho wags of the blue and yellow, he contended that; the main'instrument' of Portuguese prosperity, some.centuries ago, was- the guitar! nnd that' the empire never recovered the loss of 00,000 guitars [and men] in the defeat of Don Sebastian by tho Moors : at least Moore harped on tlmt string for an interminable* .timo. But, though crotchetty, ho is correct. Every- body rejoicos at thc General's return, and Bradford is at ? onoo the Mecca nnd Medina of the League ; for was not the author of the " Catechism of the Corn Laws " the .original pamphlet, and.is he- not tho sole parliamentary, survivor of tho true faith ?' Would that the Goneral would leave off this boudoir tinkling-,, however, and blow n war, blast, or rather such a blast about the war as he knows how! to,blow, if ho like- Ho-»ns thc first Englishman thnt. over told the. truth about Waterloo.' His nnnlysis of' Siborne's Model was , tho first, real reveiilment,"to popular comprehension, of the'stnto- of the. case,on the 18th of Jiine,'ï$lô>, Bitterly ho pnid for thnt plain speaking, which was moro obnoxious-than all his ninety nine tales about tho " cat." He was the first nlso to point out what would' be,.and what1 must he, nnd .what lins been the. issue of tho CHmonu campaign /because pf the manner of its commencement. He sow below.tho surface, and- saw that all was .not mischance, but that something- else ' had a good desi to do with it. 'Will he toll us what that something olse.-wns,. and bis reasons for suspecting its existence ?', No.. Bull has no ears now for that sort of thing.. Bygones must bo bygones till I hoy turn up agnin ; and thou-what's tho nso of talking, is the question that obokes oír all-answers. Oilier people, however, are more curious tnan wo are, if not about causea at least about effiiots, in this dirootion. Who amongst us really knows- anything of the true military merits of tho affairs at/ Sinope,. Petropaulouski, Hillburn, and that extraordinary no-uftliir at Odessa, on which Mr. Sydney Herbert basabrown a lurid light that casts a strange shade on the darkness of diplomacy? But to what account has not tho United States turned ell these inoulents ? An offlcei' named Dahlgren, com. mnnderin chargo of the experimental ordnance depart- ment navy yard nt Washington, lins produoed a most elaborate work on " Shells and Shell Guns,7 published in this country, by Trübners, tho -well-known Anglo. American booksellers in London. In tho course'of this volume, one of tho greatest possible valúo to all pro. fessions, ns well as to all amateurs who take an interest in Horsfalls, Wliitworth's^Dundonnld's, or. other guns, moro or loss monstrous,, oil tho experiences of tho late war are availed of, and not) only turned to account by the American Government, but thrown open to tho use of all Governments and people, in tho completest man. nor, plans of the harbours,, drawings of tho battorios, drawings of tba guns/Ace, all being sot forth'with a cir. aums'antiality nnd explicitness, tho very idea of which must affliot Mr. F. Peel, Admiral Berkley, and Viscount Monok worse than tho loss of their seats. So com- plete and. practical,a crushing of the "socresy" im- posture of our fnystery-mongering systems at the Horse Guards, Admiralty, Foreign Office, and everywhere else, was never known, and orders to Trübnor .should bo giron immediately, as the advertisements soy, by all who would really know what was what, and why it wasn't something oise,, during thu late Bahia and Black Sea business. The author, no doubt, has his own notions, as every Yonkco has, and these notions are not all agreeable to the amour propre of John Bull. But what of that f It is .the .facts, for tho formation of our own opinions wo require ; "ami theso' data are given with a copiousness to be looked for in vain from rulers who aro too intent taking .care of Dowb to look ofter any- thing olso, and'too stupid to see if thoy tried to look as they ought. Tho first of tho incidents seleoted ls Sinope, the no: count of which is drawn from Russian sourceB, willoh' may servo to explain ils pro-Musaovito tondenoios. Nothing is said of the transports and other Turkish ora ft destroyed in the bay, and tho whole affair is made to appear n regular engagement between the Russian and Ottoman lleots, tko latter being surprised nt anchor, hut ti i J od by batteries, on shore. Tho burning of tho town is attributed to the explodions of tho Turkish vos sols'. Tho completeness and celerity of tho destruotion on record. Tho section devoted to Sebastopol 1B limited to tho naval attack, in the account of which duo orodlt is given to the " Nolsoninn vigour" and seaman- ship evinced by Sir ii. Lyons nud his brother officors. Tho bombardment of Sweaborg is related from the ofHciul accounts af tho threo nations engaged, nnd its '. chief interest IÍOB in tho view taken of the explanations afforded hy Sir 0. Napier. The writer, echoing Sir H. Douglas, is sceptical ns to the power of vortical Aro and distant cannonndo from seo, ovon with tho heaviest ordnnnce, to materially injure works so strongly oonstruotod ;? and ho cites tho solidity of tho defonoes of Sovnstopol, nfier snoli a 'long-oontinuod attaok, in proof of his position. Tho Itcdan nover sent forth more murderous discharges thou on tho day of its capturo, and tho óvnounllon of tho south sido wns ordered, not liconuso tho Russian works ware too muoli injured far defence, but on ncoount of tho frightful loss of men which tho defenders wera every day sustaining, and was determined on by Gortsohnkofr previous to tho final assault. Sweaborg might havo boon subjrotad to a tiru quito ns sovero; but tho Itussinns oould havo buen shuttered until tho approach of tho largo ships ronderod it necessary to man tho batteries, ns an instant would linve su (Hood to throw a whola army norosn tho narrow spneo between tho lines of attaok and dofenae. Tho ships would have RU fibred totribly in engaging tho bat- teries, and, if n singlu vossol lind beou disabled in tho nnrrow channel, nil tho others would have boen obstructed, und tho confusion thus produced would havo been disnntrous. No value, is attnolicd to tho views of General Niel, nnd thoso of Gonornl Jones aro passed over without comment. Tho fact of tho Russians having loft (ha olmnnel open, whon tho sinking of a singlo shin would havo effectually obstructed it, is hold to establish the impregnability of tho plnoo against any attaok mad» after tho pinn of Admiral Napier, or that of General Niol. Tho oonlompt which tho former linn ox pressed for tho floating batteries is shared hy Commniidor Dnblgrcn, who points lo tho nttaolc on Kinburn ns warranting n moro fnvournblo esllnmlo of tholr power. Ho thinks ' thom liltoly to havo compelled OH muoli attention from tho onomy as tho distant Aro of large fillips, whuthor vet deal or horizontal, end that they might be-mada wry useful in damaging forta and batteries previous to their attack by ibipe. ' " ? ? , : i Another book is looked for at Triiboera by a oonsider ably moré extensive circle than ,in interested in '.' Shells and Shell Oona," and that is, the long-promised and very unaccountably kent-baok biography of WikoiT. The Chevalier was to have been over' here long ago, and then the volume was to bo nut, with particulars specially suited to this market ; but the Hermann to-day brings news that he is making things pleasant for Number One at Washington, in a fashion that must render lum indif- ferent to a division of any possible bibliopolio profits on the sale of memoirs even so piquant as his own. ' Tho reading world here, however, has to complain of no want of tho wherewithal to make up for the lack of every- thing but electioneering talk in the newspapers. Of Mrs. Gaskell's Memoirs of Charlotta Bronte, 2500 copios were subscribed last week, and the notices this week will probably produce ' a ' oall for another thousand next. The subject hus begotten far more interest than the treatmont'will satisfy. There ÍB really very little; of novelty in Mre. Gaskoll'a two volumes, one of which would bavé left'a very redundant margin for all'that might nave been sufficiently, well said. Though a purely' literary; biography,1 'there' is little; of literary detail; in it.' ' We "are not 'told :a word1 of tho extent to which tho Bells' works sold ;, of the, ratio^ of their sucooss; the nature of' their progress in (he several editions; nor 'the scale of pay :-a very non-'pootio ele- ment, na doubt,'but ono that migh t not unreasonably bo looked for in a production of this nature,'espeoially con aidering; that tho works of tho ? Sisters 'Boll could not And a publisher at'any price ia tho first instance.' 1 Liver- pool gossips will'find a good deal to koep their' chari- table curiosity on the rack" and their benevolent tongues upon the .rattle in respect to a certain Mrs. Fotiphar .who didn't find a'Joseph in young Bradwoll [lt ought to have'been Barnwell]. Bronte. It is a very Btrange tale; and tho tail-pieco irupplied by Mrs. Gaskoll bears out tho proverb as to what ladies' postscripts usually are ." The man becomes the victim ; the woman goes flaunt- ing ab'out to this day in rospeotable socioty ; showy for ber age;'kept afloat by her reputed wealth. I soe her name in country papers, as ono of those who patronize the Christmas balls, and' I hear of her in London draw- ing- rooms.','. What drawing-rooms ? The Queen's? Sh Edward Cust should look to it. Nor can there be any harm in looking now,' seeing that the husband is dead, and that his. eyes were open' to tho wickedness of bis worser.half before .death, though that didn't prevent, him leaving ber plenty of money/ on tho slight condition that abo should never behold "ber paramour moro." Silo kept bor word and his money;' and, tho rejected adorer' made love " to thee Cognab, sweet niaad of tbe'Pble'ge thontio rill," with the usual results f-~bead-aobe, heart-, tarn, -inflammation of the chest,.' dppressión ' in ? the' pocket, blue pills, blue" devils and: sheriff's officers, a ootnn, and a'hie jaoet forfinit. > ' .' ..: 