MBTRQPQLIÍAñ GOSSIP, "jj . Somebody;, bas .omawbei'e 'sometimes'said \ thi British publie are only capable of ona idea at a timi that generally a wrong one. Tb« present moment illustration in point. People have a notion that as is nothing doing in Parliament nobody ia doing il, least looking at it boing done. On the contrar loss there is to bo done tho moro members there a do it, and tho' greater the eagerness to watoh the pn Everybody knows there aro no divisions now; tl thero arc, they aro useless; and that were the- Pr- to move that tho house jump out of windows, lt \ be. .carried by acclamation. The' new member Manchester perhápB would m nico tho first sprin wny of showing that the scene of Potorloo is st Palmcrstoniau preservo, tho only différence' boil the tame game taken in tho fowler's net in 1857; pnred with the wild jenny-spinners of tho batt, 1810.. But, because thore aro no divisions, and bei no one wants ta divide, and because there is no u dividing, and consequently ho . more good in men making geese of themselves in Palace-yard than if were skylarking, or roudlarking, on Chat-moss,' tl fore.they Hook to tho Parliamentary pon in unparal ¡ numbers ; and there they remain, the live-long nigl though tho very existence of the British lion dependí the intensity, and continuity of their vigilance., night the bouse was crowded from tho moment it op , till tho finale: The absorbingly interesting occupi was to listen to' Mr. Williams, of Lambeth, telling B. Hall that a considerable saving per yord. wouli effected . in carpeting for tho Government offices Whitohall, if bought wholesale'at particular warohoi and discount for ready money insisted upon; Wilson,, whose knowledge of felt renders him authority on the Patent Victoria drugget, prompting -verdant Commissioner of Woods and Forests.to r that it was. sounder political economy, and a smarter' . bf doing business, tirst, to take thc longest' post credit, and so save the interest, nnd then get ; discount, as of course Government always cnn from t tradesmen, or'else Hayter and Coppock know i follows. To thi« sor^t pf chatter, and having no n control over what it related ts than so roany cheBsti did some four hundred senators, hearken'intently nearly nine mortal hours last night, neither Di Bri Lord John, Graham, . Sydney Herbert, nor any the great guns popping o/T till all'was over, and tbet reluctantly as if they should.'like to keep up the I oonsidorably longer. Thus bas it been in the Io house all the week, a week of industrious busim busy idleness, inactive nimbleness, and make belie -nothing accomplished worth attempting, nothing s worth remembering. Bather different has it been el where, at least on one occasion, and on account of lc one man; and. to it and to him let us now advert. The occasion was that-of the extraordinary debatí for a most extraordinary one it was-in tho .upper cha ber, on Monday, relative to a case that had been in li gation for generations; decided and redecided in all 1 courts, the House of Lords included-touching Shedd and Patrick, involving ' disputed wills, dispul marriages, and disputed 'jurisdictions of divi tribunals here, in Scotland, and the United States. > body expeoted the debate would last more than an he orso, and everybody went ia dinnerless, and did como out till supper-timo ; much to the derangement digestion, and by no means to the improvement of te per, of those taking part in tue discussion. The or one of these, however, whose gastric juice jaundiced 1 judgment, was he who had alone taken preoautio against suoh consequences of stomacbio. exhaustic . namely, the Chancellor. His lordship came to the wei Back with a llnma-load of sally-luns, maids of bonoi ladies' fingers, and Gunter only knows what other euri sitios of confectionary ; and these he nibbled with t deliberation of a middle-aged Merino ram-and very li one-for about half an hour, and ruminated for anoth half. ? After that, instead of being in a lnmb-liko frat of mind, he became, vicious as a dyspeptic he-goat Wynnstay on St. David's Doy after, a surfeit of youi onions, butting at all before him, and occasionally certain two-legged objects in his rear. But this is rath premature. Grey opened the case, tliatiB, ho demand, it . should bo re-opened, although itt had bcon olosi years ago, and the person whom its re- opening won principally affeot was now getting on for ninety. Tl Orbtchetly One talked loop, and well, and ably, asl always does;-with that earnestness of weird visage ar acutely angular bearing wbiou lend a painful intensii to everything be does; He compels an audience to kee their'.', eyes upon' him as. long .' as; he 'ia . o his' logs, or ra'hor ' on his leg; ' for'.' li nevor uses moro than one nt a time, and always looks « if going to bop off of that; like a rooster about to de Been into the farm-yard, there being a singular volucrino ai about his whole mien and aspeot. He was up for abeu nil hour, pouring out names, dates, and distances, obre nologioal, geographical, and consanguinenl, in a style tba would astonish Calculating Boy Bidder as an etibrt c mncmonical legerdemain. When he sat down, u jumped-botb'Brougham and Cranworth, both off of tb woolfaok, and both began at once. The latter, howevei out-genorallod the former, and turned his flank corn pletely ; for; knowing his man, and watching bis oppot tunity, and bearing a whole whcelbarrow-full of folioi quartos, octavos, and duodecimos, in his arms, bo flun the volumes resoundingly down upon the table, with look benning tbe tenor in"tho "Come, if ye dare" seen' in Purcel's Bonduca. Tho Lord Harry, affrighted fled or rather dropped upon bis cushion like a oannbnizei billiard-ball .into a pocket, and Cranworth exultant!; started off, giving a thundering thump to the tome before bim, os if to assure himself and the house tba there was no possible mistake about his being master o the situation. These tomes were tho evidence ani other data in the ease ; and of tho significance of ever; word in that mountainous, pilo of print the Chancelloi proclaimed that he was possessed, and would prove' it Appalling'tidings! At it he went, tooth nnd nail, anti tore the' peacock plumage off" Grey, till the latter np. peared tho vcriost scare-orow and most 'ridiculous jack, daw. But not for.long. His foatbers were presentí) restored with brighter gloss-than before, by thal cunningest of hands in taxidermy, or the scionoe ol furbishing up winged mummies. Brougham deolared his noble friend, '.'who spoko first," lo ba an eagle ol erudition, and'his M learned 'friend who had just sal down" to bo a goose, knowing nothing of low, less ol morality and justino, nod not having tho faintest imaginable conception of tho Parliamentary. ? machinery, applicable to this particular case.. Cranworth - " grinning horribly a ghastly smile" of contempt munched ratifias like a squirrel cracking prizo-nut?, or nuts for a prizo, though tho privilego of cracking is prize enough. Then ho, not tho squirrel' bul tho' Chancellor, blew his.nose in a manner so like a wild elephant that the Tame one, Ellenborough, was startled from- sloop, wherein he doubtless dreamt, aa. he always is dreaming, whether asleep or awake, of bestriding tho Himalayas with the 'gatos of Somnnuth on his back, and a garotted' East India dlreotor between the finger and thumb of each .hand. ? . ¡ ' '"'; ,' ' Brougham, who was a .prodigy in his. babyhood,, a phenomenon in his youth, nnd'a 'mirado iii middle age, grows;, moro and moro wonderful tho older'he'gets; Hitherto ho has been unlike everybody else in the world, and ,now he is unlike himself, that ip, tho self of this time la'at yoarï, ' Thoso last few months in Frnnoe) have effected such n mutation that bis own Grafton- sireet looking-glass must have been electrified with the reflec- tion of tho : change.. In what does tho change consist? In. every thing;-from hoad to foot, from boots to board, from skin to olqthes;-tho voice alone being immutable, tbe old multipotont-pipod organ, tho amazing voico of Vaux. In the first place, ho is as brown as Mr. Borrow'a hero of Bomnney Bey, 'thc gipsy gontlomnn; and ho oultivatos that colour in his general attire, which is altogether finished with an elegance of Parisian art that must fill tho soul of that senatorial snip, Donald Nicholl, M.P., with despairing envy. Bather lot us say, in speaking of a person of montures, tho ninth part of a soul ; for if it tnko tho bodies of nine tailors to mnko a man, tho same ratio should hold good in a spiritual sonso j consequently tho ghost of a tailor ought to find no great difficulty in performing tho font said to bo so inconvenient to: n enmol in referonco to a promenade through tito.oyo of n noedlo. A chocolate, velvet waist- coat, trnvorsod by n gold filagroo ohnin, at1 onco massive and' fiintnstionl, covers tho Lord Harry's chest. His trousers-(hov aro troupers now, «nd not Uko tho sleeves of a night shirt with logs In thom-nro braided down tho sidos with tho same matoriul ;-not gold filagree, but ve'vet stripes ; whilo tho front io niuo sloshed, in tho neighbourhood of tho pooket bolos, with similar stripes, in a demi-military and very striking; fashion ; frogged, ns ono mny say, but not in tho sonso to gall tho semi.Gnni, ' Pntont pollshod boots and a wax-fitting frock complete tho ensemble of Beau Broughnm, for Bean he is, and would mnko Moses and Son's fortuno if ho stood' for nn hour or two of a Sunday in tho Mliiorios when and whore Caucasians most do con gregato. Moreover, ho ha* grown positively hand- some. Tho mobilo,naso in at rest, and no longer pug nitotous. Ho seoroB to havo got Jiold of tho secret of Baron Dupuytren*« hirsute pommnilo ; for his hair hes [ taken a fresh start, in groat luxuriance, all round tho i hoad, leaving tho crown bald, Ilka that of a Capuchino frinr ; Jn fact ho would do for a hew copy of Plus VII., in Wilkie's picture of tho, Popo and Napoleon at Fontainebleau, only! bo isn't fat; and tho idea of n loan pin tiff, one whose poll should bo worthy of throe bats, ls intolerable. ? Altogo th« Brougham !* an .lUreTtSiöV aaTiDnOltely ft 1 better. If fa*aMáV«D.át>i|M staklM* .tor a few yea« íórígiír/*» howern*^ m bil mi eimile of a seraph-a Sootoh Mnipb, s^owr«»-. before tho tfmevhe> han. roache*'the . age i of. M B»1era.' Next'Wsé Sf.' Xeonard'»-ier-ohanobllor « and said, that of all' the nonsense ,'ha: had. heard; read, or dreamt of, tuob . consens Brougham's heat it to fiddlesticks; and for an hot blazed away in that, strain, encouraged by . si approving grunts and ventriloquist ejaculations Cranworth. Then up get Lord Lyndhurst-Hkewin chancellor-and said that bo ' had had conRidérabl perienoe ? in human ninnylmmmerism certainly; until'he bad heard ,St. Leonard'»' he didn't knot lengths a tomnoddy contd go to.. Having said thin proved it to his own satisfaction, ont of a whole bx of book1) which Grey, Albemarle, and others bro him at his bidding, and having taken a draught' fr mysterious white fluid in a pocket-bottle, down . Bat antediluvian Copley, eo'at 80, after on impromptu sp . aB Vigorous; resonant, and pointed aa any ho ever livered in his life. Plain Jook, Lord Chief Justice, Rot up, and said thal really a joko wns a joke, ho d denjrlhat; brit snob, ridiculous rubbish as his loni venerable, and,highly-esteemed friend had bren fol : was beyond' a'-joke;for' it'was quite clear that the .na laid down by the .Lord Chancellor and Lord lenard's wita the law, but the lnw as laid down by ] ' Brougham- and, Lord Lyndhurst was no law. Th upon 'Oranworth made all sorts of foBtivious rumbl lin his stotrmoli ; and.when Albemarle got up to dis what Campbell had said, the keeper, of her .Mujei conscience flew at him in a Billingsgate sty lu, i which oven ;. Derby hnstened to bb free by'get the business into .division, lhere being n rn nj uri | nine in support pf tho'aonsoling doctrine to this law ridden country that Lyndhurst and Brougham di know wh'rit the lnw fs :-a pleasing item tb figuro i note to future editions of Campbell's ";Liyes 'of¡ Chancellors," ' thé ', present .new edition of whicl pelling 'like mad,:-a .proof perhaps of ' the', nati< lunaoy.'.'iiProbably other-purchases, of which :we s now speak, corroborate the latter hypothesis. .«?'-.;? . > Another sale 'Of very interesting character, 'took p yesterday, ,at, Put licit and .Simpson's, the well-km ánqtione.ers -of literary própfrty,' Piccadilly, .chi autograph ' letters and MSS., including ten letters' Napoleón, twenty'.of Nelson,' end several addressed Monk Lewis, by .Byron, Moore,'.Bogers, F^r.-'Colrr! and others of his contemporaries ; together with a.v extensive collection.of autographs, engravings, drawir handbills, newspaper cuttings,, Atc, relating to hallo iog,. or the soiencs and practice of aerostation England nnd on tho Continent from 1788 to the. p sent- time. Among politick celebrities our own doy, there was a letter from Li Palmerston, relating to some - impro roents at Broadlands and one from the late Jose Hume to Mr. Peter Thompson, developing, the.'write plana for xrodel Cottages, to be ereoted at a cost of t each, and to be let to labourers for about la. Od., a wei The Napoleon letters, with one exception, did not co reand quite súoh high prices'aa those lately spoken here. One, signed N., and connteraigned by the Du of Feltre, was sold for'Ss. Od.; another with the' seal the Republic attached, and countersigned by Berth 108\. Moat of the others were signed Bonaparte, and i dressed to the Minister of War; they averaged lös. eat with the exception just referred to, a long and imports letter, filled with minute instructions for the arrest the Duke of Enghien, which realized five guineas. T letters of Nelson inoluded seven addressed to La Hamilton, and exhibiting in mora nausoousand lament hie colours even than the public are aware of the fatuo slavishness of the hero to this sorceress. Ono oft letters, not printed in the Pettigrew Memoirs, relates his.'"adopted;" daughter Horatia,' and seems to ha been intended to havo blinded that poor noodle Sir 1 Hamilton ns to tho "child's parentage. This produo £112s., and another relating to political and naval nu ter.«, £114s. : The, latter .waa printed by Pettigrew, bi without the endearing expressions which ocour in He'U'mérifs ^ people's' curiosity;" but'defies them "find anything but my sinoerest ,and dovotod lovo fi you, of which I ara proud, and care not,' my :denx Emro who knows it.n:..;Several oharaotbrislio letters, referrii to naval'matters, bod to'the progress of tho' waty Bold i prices Varying from 11s. to £4. .The most importai item in the Lewis correspondence was - one from: Byrd tb'e interest of.which, says tho catalogue,' may'be; ¿di jfcfured'from tho opening paragraph, namely, " It.hu been'intimated to me that the persons understood to I tho.legal, nd visers of Lady Byron have declared their lif to be sealed un on the causes of separation between hf and myself: If their lips are sealed - up, they oro-nt sealed up by me. and the greatest favour they can oonfo upon.mo will bo to open them." Ho goes on , to. siij that'he signed the deed of séparation with reluotanci after repeatedly and in vain calling for a ? statement : c the charges against bim ; and that he would, bo happy t cancel,' and submit the whole case, whatever it might bt to any tribunal, a proposition which he had made' prc vious to tho separation, and which had been declined. , The legal adviser of her ladyship, who is still alive was, as all the world knows. Dr. Lushington,': who is still alive also, as is likewise that friend of the poet who took the principal share in tho discussion, or the hushing up, of tho very piquant affair of the period, namely, Cam Hobhouse, Lord- Broughton.' Each race of this 'trio should assuredly deal with this extraordinary letter, more especially as it has been bought by Mr. Murra) the publisher, for £i 12s.; and of course for incorpora tinn in future editions of the Moore biography, from whioh posterity will ever judge the bard. Moore him self does not seem to have been aware of this letter, or of any letter of the sort. In fact he rather shuffles out of the whole question of the separation, and appears* to let the Lushington judgment go by default against his hero. ' It will be recollected by those, old enough, to remember the scandals of that scandalous time, (they were all-reviewed by Campbell, on tho part of Lady By- ron, when Moore published the memoirs in 1800;) that the Doctor said there were reasons which rendered it wholly impossible Byron and his wife should ever again cohabit. What those reasons were have never been disclosed ; but fancy the most foul ran riot for years in imagining them, nothing being too horrible or monstrous for public cre dulity in connection with the head of the Satanic school, as Southey called him of the Giaour and Cain—"him- self the great orginal he drew." But the principle personage in Cain, and a very gentlemanly fellow he is there, more of a Pall-mall club kind of individual than in Milton, namely, the Devil, is not so black as he is painted ; for there we have him telling the Monk; whom he knew would tell everybody,'that all he was anxious for was tho truth, as he could not suffer from that, Will Hobhouse, ere he die, insist on that being dis- closed.'' In reference to Lewis-" author of tho libidinous and impious novel of The Monk"—as the moral Mr. Croker, legatee of the late sainted Marquis of Hertford, has it—a strange instance of tho mutability of popularity was fur. nished at yesterday's sale. Time was when his Tales of Terror made every fashionable ' fell of hair" ' stand on end in ecstatic horror ; when his drama of tho " Castle Spectre, or;One O'Clock," kept noble knights and ladies fair from yawning long post the witching hour, and his ',' Bravo of Venice " was the beau ideal of pic turesque assassins ; while, in a social point of view, he was a very lion who set tho table in a roar, though often a bore. Yet a miserable 12s. was all that could be obtained yesterday, not for his autograph, but for nn unpublished metrical romance of many pages, one of hil usual Germanized pieces of diablerè and supernatur- alism, called " Oberon's Henchman,' or tho Legend of tho Three Sisters." Tho manuscript, in the band'of n copyist, was evidently intended for an album, enoh pago being surrounded by an ornamental embossed border, inclosing French mottoes. It is embellished with eight drawings in colours, by Lewis himself. Blake, tho painter, Lady Montagu, tho Hon. Miss Wingfield, and tho Hon. Caroline Douglas.' Tho flrst.namod lady contributed a view of tho ruins of Blantyre Priory,'in Scotland. Memoranda in tho hand of Mr. G. Lewis indioato ' the name» - of' tho artists, with tho exoeptinn' of 1 the largest drawing ' in 'which tho hand of Blake is too olearly seen for any other authentication to be nooessary." Tho goniuB of Rlako was woU adapted to the illustration bf Lewis. Ho has representad a group of wator spirits holding the corners of n sheet, in. which they oro, raising a ' oprpso from tho middle, of a-river, whllo Boveral -, others ¡aro hovering above, or crouching in nttitudos of grief on tho wooded banks and bnlf-submorged trunks of troos, This drawing seems ta havo been intended fora frontis- piece, nil tho others being small vlgnottos. And all for 12s, 1 If thc ghost of Lewis could but rosist the glimpses of tho moon, aa ho was ,fo /fond of making, othor tliscmbodiod individuals do, it would turn, with mortified vanity, as bluo as the candle in his own brimstone ballad of " Alonzo tho Bravo and tho Fair Imogene." Whon in tho flesh, Lowie, who, by tho woy, led the road to nil atago pageant in his "Timour tho Tartar," greatly resembled your Manngor Lewis, of thenlrio fain», bini of tho white horso and lomon.coloured kids, who set the Brilirmel Movie, nnd gavo tho Regent fon in Liverpool oro D'Orsay and tho modern dnndlctt worn heard of in these latitudes. Tho Monk also lind n further olnira on Liverpool sympathy from hoing a large West,Indian proprietor, but vary tinllka certain othors of tho - whlp-niggoroornoy who suddenly bcoamo furious philanthropists when Ibero wai nothing more to bo got by threshing Snmho, particularly as Sambo wouldn't bo tumhsdr-Ttas - Moak* «a- M* ~ rutara voysfs . frog Jajsaios.itold bin attendant ebonie», that, M soon sa bi «al dead bil ilsVes sbooM4>sWbeMuporTiu, said.ebonies,, thinking-that a Rood thing eouldn'tbi done; to* soon,'onthe hil dat qui cito dat principle Have . him' s ( dós»; of what , the husbandpida wive» ..of j Manchester call ," quietness ;" ant then',.the. sable, loafers throw bim to,; tili fishes. These antecedents are preliminary to youi local propitiations for the insertion of ono more mora from thc Monkana already drawn from. -It is one'thai will particularly, recommend. itsolf to the admirers ol Thackeray's portraiture of Oeorgo IV., being'highly,com plimcntary, from one' who' knew bim well; to the firsl gentleman in Europe. The letter, addressed to Lewis, is frorp Mr. Henry-Galley Knight, late M.P. .for Notts, as famous a man in bis day as his architectural contem- porary, Anastatius Hope, and for much the name reason, being equally, skilled in the twin scienoes ' of making books and bricks. Hero's what ho says of "tho. heit wigged prince in Christendom," as the profane Tem Lit tlo called.his sacred'mojesty:, ; What you toll rae of H.ll.H. is griovons. Such a mixturo of woaknoss and monnnnlritcdness as, in thoso days, almost will on dftiiKorpnbllo tranquillity.. Tho,Regent may detost Whigs,-[willi an-H] as much as ho ploaBos ; but, if ho purnnns his present lino of conduct, ho himself will bo tho'greatest Whig-maker in tho Kingdom; I don't wonder at his detestation, of Whitbread, bpt ho should nt lonst keep it to himself. Ivsuspoct Whitbroadto bo BO muoh tho stavo of vuulty that bia desire of pomonal distinction would mnko tho monns of ohtninlng that distinction to him. very Indifferent, and so fnr I considor Mra n dangerous man ; but'tho Trinco should rooolloot that ho has'made that wretch Moira, govornor-gonerat over sixty millions of pooplo. ' ni's mode of evincing his hatred of the Princess ls holli odious and impolitic. Can anything be morn absurd than.tho conduct of these dlstin gnlslioi fftsliiooiiblos? I quito agrcn with you tbnt- the Prinoo should hnvo blonsod lilmsolf when ho loarrit Moore was likely to be transplanted into another hemisphere. : ' ' r '. This is posthumous justice with a vengeance, and must ho specially gratifying to tho present - thin Jyoting M.P. hoad of the groat old stout house- Whitbrçad's wherein Hobhouse is still a : sleeping, .but ; remarkably wakeful pfirtner. Imagine also (he émotion now' of -the thon'(181!J) intensely toryfled Palmerston; who abhorred 'tho.Bawdons, and the disgust ofthe then and still liberal Landsdown,'through whom, this Hawdon .was. rcotfth .'mended. to tbq Regent, on,' .rending /.'.That wretch ?Moira]".-What nt comment on the-mon ¡wno, was.' b'o piiffed in his day as much ns Dalhousie in ours; arid'was also.raade a marquis-Hastings. - But,- utiliko our dear ?DowbV cousin, that Governor-General.wap o . soldié*r of tho Nnpiereah stamp, and overcame .the,Nopqnleso, and Pindareos with bis own right hnnd, which he afterwards cut off, or ot' loast had cut off and^-piokled I - - Yes : being an Irishman, and therefore romantic, though it is the reverse of roainntio to bo in love with one's'wife, he, when dying at Naples, on his return from india, directed that his right hand should bo amputated, and preserved/till the death of the marchioness, and then put into her coffin, and BO buried, whioh was done accord- ingly, years afterwards. Well if it had been many years beforo ; for then he could not have, written- tho. promise to provide for Moore. It was this promise, that changed tbe whole current of the poet's life, and led to the mur. der of its reputation, in the gravo by the decapitating biographer of Lord William tho Headless,- and for. 'which blockheadism posterity;will bring his own. bead to the . Hook.". '..'?' '. ''' . '_ ,'; '. '.' .' 