MODERN OSTRACISM. TUB inconstancy of popular support has passed into a proverb. , In the hour of triumph all men aro loud in their admiration of the virtues of tho people. Nothing but wisdom and purity can havo been manifested in one's own cause. But there aro ever monitors starting up in the glow and tumult of such moments to remind us that tho Heaven which is so bright and genial to-day may bo filled with clouds and storms to-morrow. The ghosts of ungrateful nations' stand but from ovory pago of anoient and modern history. They are ghosts indeed that cannot rest till justice is dono to tho glorious mon whom they deserted and betrayed. It is a melancholy result of the general election in England which is recorded in the occlusion of so many men of high and pure publia life from tho Houso of Oom m om. We remember the general oleotion of 18C9 furnished several striking instances of tho rejection of distinguished nnd veteran Horvants of the public for untrlod mon. PennoNBT THOMPSON was one. And probably something of tho kind might bo found in every ".appeal to tho country, whon so many interests and cross interests are sud- denly brought into play, frequently producing | results which were never contemplated by those who most contributed to them. But wo question whether so many mon of high mark and undoubted patriotism were over before rejected by the popular constituencies which they had so faithfully served. BRIGHT, MILNER GIBSON, COBDEN, FOX, MIALL, WALMSLEY, LAYARD are no common names. Who but these have raised the middle and working classes of England to weight and influence in the affairs of the nation, and fought their battles successfully against the hereditary claimants for honour and distinction? We are not going to speculate on the causes of offence which some of the rejected had given to their constituents. We look at their broad and open lives so rich in noble efforts and memorable services, and we see in them a strength of intellect, a depth of devotion, and a singleness of purpose -which we know not where to look for among the new men. The names we have enumerated ore names which the people of England ought to have held in lasting honour as inseparable from their own, and as the truest vindication of their capacity for- self-govern- ment. But there are many other men of splendid ability and no mean services whose exclusion from Parliament cannot be for the national good. Mr. CARDWELL, Sir WILLIAM CLAY, the Marquis of CHANDOO, Mr. DEEDES, Mr. FBEDERIOK PEEL, Mr. BICARDO, and Sir JAMES -HOGG stand in the front of an honour- able group whose talents and services the country can ill spare. To compensate for the exclusion of the old members of lead- ing power; the House of Commons does not seem to have gained in its accession of fresh personages, a single political reputation of national weight. Well may JOHN BRIOHT, in that noble farewell address, desire to leave a field of labour which in his case had nearly worn out his lion spirit, and repose from the championship of those who can so soon forget old triumphs nnd so easily adopt a new faith. We fear these singular manifestations of popular feeling; are an unhealthy " sign of the times"-of no value as evidence of the state of parties, but showing a degenerate national sentiment, and an insta- bility of purpose in, the national mind. 