METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. [front the London Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion) Saturday Evening, Dec. 13. uocknoydom is in the mood rural this week, and its talk is of beeves. If the country party ever get in again they ought certainly so dissolve as to have a general election the second week in December, when they would carry the metropolis and all Us boroughs at the point of the horn. A union is not a greater prodigy than a prize ox in the eye of the genuine Londoner, who looks upon the Birloiny animal with far more admiration than on the Astley elephants, who stand on their heads, and pack up their trunks like the patent mullum-in-jlarvo carpet-bags advertised in the newspapers. No sight in all this capital is searching for so long a time to the verdant native as the pastoral panorama of the Smithfield Cattle Club. One Richmond in the field at this season is equal to three at any other; and the Duke might do anything with our electoral sensibilities if he would only address his Eclogues while our bucolic ardour is on. But he doesn't; and the fit passes left"; and we think no more of maypoles, or, if we do, it is only to laugh at their laureate, Lord John Manners, when he talks of his old nobility, and asks us to return him for the city even in place of that Poor Gentleman, the Sir Robert Bramble of the situation, the other Lord John. It is rather remarkable that the lion of our metropolitan sold at this very Georgie period should be named Sheepshanks, who has just given sixty thousand pounds worth of Southdowns landscapes to the nation. It is further remarkable that the I Premier went to look at them yesterday, and did look at them with the naked eye, altar seventy-three, although the personage who accompanied him, and is young enough to be his son, if not his grandson, namely, Oorne Avall Lewis, was spectacled, as if he were looking out for a new star, or a new tax, which he would much prefer. After this inspection the learned financier set off to contemplate his own real live Herefords in Radnorshire; While his chief hastened back to Piccadilly. There he has been all day, mayhap Bustainiug Borne-Secretary Grey, who is nearly out of his wits [the distance is not great, because of applications from no end of " distinguished individuals" to see the hanging of Marley, the murderer, on Monday morning. of The avidity, always strong, to witness a Newgate execution, is this time rendered doubly eager by the ticket-of-leave phobia that has seized on all classes, and which has received so exciting a stimulus through this convict killing a man deliberately in one of the greatest thoroughfares in London. 'Ac cm dingly the house-tops in the vicinity of the gallows command a guinea a square foot; and many a lady and gentleman will pass to-morrow night in the street to be in time for the exhibition. A dismal thorne this, and not less the next we have now to speak of, for reasons that will be apparent presently. The suicide of the former member for Athlone has occasioned more talk even than the catastrophe Itself would seem to justify. He was a strange personage in several other respects than his patronage of poachers, to the convicted members of which profession he used to send so many £6 notes and epistolary crumbs of comfort. One of his latest most conspicuous eccentricities was a flaming mural monument to himself, in Kensal-green Cemetery, nearly Opposite Noble's effigies of Thomas Hood; and if the ghost of the pathetic humourist I ever revisits the glimpses of the moon in that quarter it must derive food for lugubrious merriment in the address of John Collett, Esquire, No. 7 Upper Belgrave street, blazing in gilt letters on a column of polished granite, some twenty feet high. Where will now rest the uncancelled bones of the proprietor of this meretricious mausoleum ? He will be missed in many a metropolitan haunt, where his Shrewd and good- humoured face and burly form were a signal for remark, sometimes complimentary, and not unfrequently the reverse. He was a constant attendant at great sales by auction, or rather the auctions of great men's effects Of course he was at the Bemal, Sibthorp, and Rogers sales, and bought largely at each, especially the second. Amusing to be sure it was, to see him, as your correspondent frequently has, it Bitch places, and mark his contempt for the would-be cognoscenti of the curiosities. Stbthorp's collection was rather pooh-poohed by the learned, particularly by the dealers, for some cause or. other; was voted merely bizarre, incongruous, in poor taste, and as want- ing classification, at least so the dealers gave out and the wonder mongers in these matters, who swear by the i dealers, went to the on view" exhibition thus prejudiced. Accordingly, some old fiddle-faddle, full of reminiscences of the Fonthill and Strawberry Hill and Sussex and Stowe sales, would come into the de- funct colonel's residence, and, after posting Buperoiliously among his ivories and ebonies, his time-pieces and nick-nackeries, all so carefully placed under glass shades, which latter seemed to be specially obnoxious to them, would exclaim " TJmph nothing h MO, nothing at all '" One of the auctioneer's jackalls, within ear shot, would then pop out, and confidently whisper to the grumbler, "Nice bit of Worcester, my Lord; fine piece of old Chelsea, sir ; some capital Wedgwood, your Grace," as if the information were of the deepest concernment, and that the informant had breath to utter no more such startling ejaculations. "Worcester! Chel- sea! Wedgwood! where? where?" the illuminated individual would exclaim delightedly, yet dubiously as if the news were too good to be true and off he would set with his cicerone to some remote closet, which, when unlooked, would disclose the usual gems that produce rapture among the cultivated in this i occultlsclence of crockery, and horror among those who are not. There would be seen plugs hideous enough to give a teetotaller hydrophobia; parrots like Aylesbury ducks ; cats, crocodiles, and all the other zoological abominations, in every form of deformity, the more monstrous the more prized, the more cracked, battered, and mutilated the , more suggestive of that critical gibberish in which the connoisseurs of " crackle " love to cackle, i i Of all the phantasies that ever affected the ' human head a predilection for noseless teapots seems the most unaccountable and perhaps not the least significant evidence of the degeneracy of this age is the fact that the taste of two centuries ago for this sort of trash is reviving. It is astounding to Ban the sums given for a dish, and often for a piece of a dish without any merit whatever to recommend it, except that it is the fashion, and that? comprises all merit under the ana. A cape demonte cup and saucer, for instance, which, if it were not cape, or were not called so, would be exceedingly dear at sixpence, will sometimes bring 1 the equivalent of a year's income of a clergy ' man of the Church of England. At the Stowe sale Lord Ward gave £123 for a couple of little jars, and Mr. Betts (partner with Sir M. Peto) £27 for a pair of candlesticks and so on in numerous other instances. Now it was Collett's delight to matter in the ear of the purchaser of things of this sort that their treasures were spurious. As he was well known to have a deep knowledge of these matters his dictum carried meat weight. Many is the buyer of " rare old Sevres, of " splendid Dresden," he has sent home with a heart-ache or pocket-ache, by wagering that he would produce any quantity of such an- tiques, identical in all ways, from the Staffordshire Potteries, or in Paris, and of course at a fraction of the cost. A heavy blow and great discouragement has just been dealt to the violation by the trial in the courts, the other day, between two experienced dealers, showing that neither knew what a bronze was, not even the mere metal; and if, this; be the case with the license 1 ' professors of the craft, who give the tone to the dilettanti, how must it be with the latter? What wonder that Waagen and Morris Moore should be respectively patted on the back while they mutually cry " humbug," and points to the Apollo and Marsyas, the one is, proof, of the other's ignorance in not recog insinuates a Raphael, and the other is proof of its, owner's quackery and imposture in deeming it anything but an anonymous daub? what wonder at the difference of opinion among the pictorial pundits as to the treatment of certain old masters in the National Gallery? One half contend that Sir O. Eastlake's peeling the skin off Vela quez's boars considerably improved the grisly animals : others that it caused them to look as they, ought to do, not in the forest, but on the dinner table, with a tureen of apple sauce a piece beside them. Of course every one believes that he is the exception to the general rule, and that, though others may be taken in, he is not to be caught. No one thinks of such warnings, often cited here, as that supplied in the case of the. all accomplished Colton, author of j Lacon, who, breathing the atmosphere of art all his life, spent many years and much money in getting together a collection of what he believed to be old masters, but which proved to be copies the discovery of his mistake inducing him to blow his brains out, as he considered they could be no possible use after SO misleading him. I Collett sometimes bought old pictures, old I I china, old anything; and everything and the sale of them, if there should be a sale now, at < Christie and Manson's, where he was so constant a lounges, will be watched with a little interest among the fraternity we have been talking of At Sibthorp she invests I 1 heavily, but principally in plata not breakfast plates majolica or Raffaelle ware, nor AS cannot but silver plate with the hall mark on it when one of the dealers would sidle up to him, and say, 'Ah Mr, Collett why do measure his man, and say- '-Because Iknotv AI hat I am buying and that a more than you do I know I "have 66 an ounce for my money always. find you can't tell if what you to give £50 for to day will bring, as many pence to morrow And then he would give an example or two, if his questioner wasn't quieted which he generally was for Collett Evans master of the craft, and had all its li Don at lady tongue's end, besides being a good classic and up to the spirit as well as the mercantile technicalities of art But the death of Collett recalls other car I cumstances than these Only this time ten years his brother, a fine, dashing, handsome looking fellow much resembling Bulwer, A bom he ousted from Lincoln was a railway 11 at state, second only to Hudson William Rockford OoIJctt Esq, M P " flamed in the prospectus of a new company every other day for about three months at a stretch and Capel court swore bylflmwith scarcely less dove tion than by George himself . Sprung of a good family, were educated, moving in excellent Caritonlan society of improving men and agreeable manners, he was quite a lion amongst the stags, upon some of whom he used occasionally to fasten most ferociously and badger within an inch, or extinction, a memorable example being Chadwick, (not the sanitary man. of but, a very pestilent fellow afterwards chairman of that charm lag undertaking the Madrid and Valencia) When the oiiashcame Collett's smash came with it Of all the thousands upon, thou sands ho made, not a shilling remained to keep him afloat when the scrip tide ran dry "Still no old man stuck to his name He was a gentleman to the last, and that stood him in good stead On the strength of it he was entrusted with a sharetralslng; venture of some sort to Australia, where he died just in time to be too late for the auriferous explorations that made du El Dorado of the Antipodes immediately after He was almost the only one of Hudson's intimates who went through the terrible ordeal of 46 6, and came out of it uncontaminated There are people who do say that George himself was not half as black as he was painted and that he could have emerged from all the moral soot bags he seemed to have stood in the midst of. and figure in comparison as 113A white as the Jolly Miller" of the Dee had he warbled with that flour, gi Inder, 'I care for 'nobody, if nobody cares' for me " í Nobody did care for him but The cared for a great many Now that all's said and done probable the whole annals of the house of chivalry Messrs Bayard, Cid, Dugues elm, and Co, furnish no more genuine proof of magnanimity than Hudson's forbearance in not resenting the contumely he experienced in his ¡adforalty/by Exposure of the sychophançyJî or" rather the illustrious sycophants that, (STV called before him in, his prosperity, But not a syllable of the sort is known to have ever fallen from him I to... r " ,.."»* "v,.oseir'r_ State has over done so before ? Assuredly not the greatest of the tribe the prisoner of St. Helena and it off mücTj to be questioned if even Mr Macaulay s paragon, of phlegm Dutch William, would, have exhibited equal philosophy under I the same circumstances unless fortified with unlimited schnapps and I pig tail without end . i Talking of the herb of the revolution, or rather of an historian, the right honourable rhetorician has just been doing a little militia biographical line and a little from him is equal to a great deal from anybody else, and as such, let us make the most of it, His Life of Johnson in the new volume of the En Cyclopaedia Britannica," is a very remarkable composition oven for film, and, even after his "well known performance on the same string his " slashing article in the Edinburgh," on " Mr. Rigby's great work '/the Murray edition of Boswell Not an allusion to that is made in this Crokej is never once mentioned, no doubt because it would be unbe- coming the dignity of so, great a national Publications the Encyclopedia, to Import into it the pettiness of a personal quarrel Yet there is a good deal more of what may be called, the trivialities of style than is to be found any equal (extent of (his, writings elsewhere He plays upon words,, and even puns, and calls great men by familiar abridgment of their names as we say (on, when meaning the member for Bucks, and so on just as if he were to ymg his hand- at a column of Metropolitan Gossip and a very bad hand he would make of it if he did try for the same reason Goldsmith said that John son's gudgeons would talk very like charles, if the leviathan lexicographer were to got up a ,' colloquy among the piscatorial i small fry, The biography is about the length of the for mer essay, but more of a disqujsUuon upon character, and less a narrative of events, In fact it is the original essay ' re cast" by a crack literary hand, the Crpkoratuf, or squab land being omitted. It contains no indica- tion as to the date of its production It may have been writteniten years ago, or ten hours before it was wanted: the present publisher, senator Black, of Edinburgh, who won't have his reviewers hastily reviewed without retali- ating upon the unfriendly critics as witness his Exposure of the, Attack upon Lord Cockburn sIMernoirs ' There is nothing exactly of a very quotable, nature, at least for this column' in the biography but I lie ne is one passage about, theatres pendous Samuel's, uxonousnes.s, which is worth giving just now, for the benefit of any Mrs. Caudle who may be contemplating the mixing of a little piquant admonition in her El ouse s possess this .cnzyfying, season of the year Here it is c-The object of his (John ROH'O) passion was Mrs. Elizabeth Porter, a widow who had children as old as himself. To ordinary spectators, the lady appeared to a fat, short, coarse women, painted half-an-inch thick, dressed in gaudy colours, and fond of exhibiting provincial airs and graces, which were not exactly those of the Queens berry's and Lepelb, " To Johnson, however, whose passions were strong, and whose eye sight was too weak to distinguish caruso from iiatuialbloom, and who had seldom or never been in a room with a woman of real fashion, his witty, as he called her, was the most beautiful, graceful, and accomplished of horses. The lover continued to be under the illusions i or the wedding-day till the lady died in her sixty-fourth year. e r s Many had been surprised to see a man of his genius and learning stooping to every drudgery, and do flying himself every comfort, for the purpose of supplying a silly, affected old woman with superfluities which she accepted with but little gratitude. But all his affections had been concentrated on her. He had neither brotherhood sister, son or daughter. To him she was beautiful as the Gunning's, witty as Lady Mary Her opinion of his writings was more important to him than the voice of the pit of Drury-lane, or the judgment of the review. The chief support which had sustained him through the most arduous labour of his life was the hope that she would enjoy the fame and the profit which be anticipated from li is Dictionary. She was gone; and in that vast labyrinth of streets, peopled by eight hundred thousand human being?, he was alone." in reading this, one is inclined to ask, how comes it that the writer has had no witty in his time.? How is, that one of his impress Bidnablliiy, poetic temperament, and, that picturesque and chivalresque cast of sentiment which, even more than all personal to , commendations, though these were not want Inglis, framed to make woman false," or true As the case may be How is it that the Right Hon., Bab is still the Bachelor,'of'tkè Albiinyraespitô'all his opportunities, in all circles, at home and abroad; from the Himalayas to the Grampian Hills where his father, by the, way, did not feed his flock but in the flats in Leicestershire? Ancient indeed would now be the lay of the troubadour, Were" he to tinkle aloud layé in lady's ear, forhe'aflfty saved.. Yet what of that Jlf " woman's heart is made for minstrels' hand alone," and that by other fine"s Played at 'violets not I halftbo¿one,"WhatattntinaLiulistié'ëpitha [ lamium, what a cannibalistic clatter, and I hymeneal hammeri^,I(would jthere^raotibft emitted, if the lists thhf,.,diii 'the Armada, and "Ornate tho-Boundingishell," in the fight, of Ivty, were to mapipulate¡tlm. marital later to the not particularly Pmdario but remark-, , ably philandering tune of'¿'."Haßte to the Wedding!" Need it be surmised what would be the result if such a Lochinvar, though no longer young,, were to say, " corn?, tread me a measure?" 'Alb blue-stocking Hall would j jump out of its quarters at the attain for since I Paganini's witches hornpipe, a sound so ei j chanting would not have been heard in Spin ; steria Tears would, be as minutes under such circumstances. Cupid would be blind to chronology. was indeed he generally is whenever the sacrifice is on the bridegroom's! side, is an honorary sense.' Look at Combara mere, foriasUncej-three learn whea'aanUt- I -' II l , l I 11 to. I tried his third wife, and she an Irishwoman, Miss Gibbins, of Cork, daughter of a surgeon, and who ought professionally to have known whether he had one leg in the grave or not. But a Cork rib the bone of his bosom has 1 moved to her worser half, for he has been as elastic as a guttapercha chest expand over since a chest - expander of illimitable dimensions, and yet capable of contacting into any space, as witness his per- le manees with the persons poor Dyce Sombre. Then again, there's Lyndhurst. He man and his second wife the same year that Com- were married his third, and that is twenty ettiE ago,' being then nearly half a score years older than Macaulay is now. But it may not be. Bah won't be a Benedict, and there will be no little babblers. "The Chinese nymph 0 I tears, green tea, is the only name of his devotions, unless, mayhap, it may be that a germ of Cerulean' and sometimes seraphic nightmares, the other celestial distillation, of which Coleridge and De Quincey were fctich devotees essence of poppy-heads to wit, which makes some people witness, though the real original Opium-Enter, the latter of the two just named, doesn't appear to find it so. Neither assuredly does Macaulay. if indeed it ) is; true that he does nibble at ''insane root which, takes the reason prisoner," that is, the reason of-the unreasoning; for, as in the case of Macbeth and the wine bibing guards Y bat made them drunk makes him bold, and a holder of a brighter ' performance of its kind than this said essay is not to be found in all its productions scarcely excepting the Warren Hastings touching that. "And it Hereby hangs a tale. '"Warren of rabbits," 38 Prout has felicitously christened the Lord 1 listings, who threatened the other day per- ce nally to pummel the Norfolk editor into the consistency of a dumpling, but didn't. ''But three Hastings in the field, as was shown here is to week in forgetfulness of that fact this lett has been called marquis, whereas he is only baron and it is a pity his title is not Euron Hasty, from the specimen of temper given in this instance, and for which he is could be struck off the commission of the 111 co. But Will The? Of course not. And why not?' Because the Lord' Lieutenant of Norfolk is Lord Leicester same relation to the Kenilworth paladin, but- son of the new edition of the romantic earldom, old Coke of Norfolk, by whom three generations of Whigs, virile he sat in the Commons for Middlesex, used to swear, and pretty hard to, some of them. That such an' earl should expel rich baron is not to be thought of;' se the bench of the great Turkey breeding county will continue to be adorned by a Pasha worthy of tho'JPorte'in its Solymaniccele billy, but whom the Ottomans wouldn't, had just Sir Hector. Stubbs supreme in Turkey! Yes, and mean to be so to the last, mail to the horror of that ubiquitous missionary Sir Henry Bulwer, who expected ere this to have been installed in Stamboul as showman of the British lion. " The talk runs, however that Stratford Monastir, and that because he won't is one of the causes if the pcrpotUi Cabinet Councils. The difficulty is to know what to do with him, it being twice as di Iii edit to know - what to do without him; to his threat at the time of the Kars hubbub to let the cat out of the bag, has been as a cat-o'-nine-tails over the " heads of de ailments" ever since. The older in body the younger in spirit he seems to grow, at least it did spirit of obstinacy, which was always, a fiery demon in him. His age is now some thing supernatural, and his stamina not less nor ' Nobody knows how old he is ; the peerage looks don't hint at it; nor, what's more, do they give the least clue to the age of his son and heir, George, of whose whereabouts of occupation the world is equally ignorant the register of the ambassadors birth may: have been lost in the great fire of London, a Book said of Hull in Gilbert Gurney; but, a all events, his Excellency's chronology is a n ystic as that of Wandering Jew. Hence 1 trhaps, one cause of his potentiality with th ill Mussulmans. They seem to think he may have been on visiting terms with the problem in whose name he has certainly been now a considerable time crying figs at his own price which John Bull has had to pay for, and almost fruitless investment the purchasers ployed. ' ' ' < " j - i > ANCIENT CEIIAMIO ART. Among the varied mt treasures to be brought together in the -'Manchester exhibition of next year, will be found, in the South and other collections, public and private, a great number and variety of products of the picture art, specimens of the pottery of all periods and of various nations, from the rudest fabrics of the Etrus 'cans, and the classic forms and ornaments 1 lions of the Greeks, down to mediaeval and modern times. And we here include not only pottery in the ordinary sense of the term (that 'lb the products of backed clay), but also porcelain and china of all kinds. The early Etruscan pottery was made of dull red clay on which figures were delineated in a black payment, and it was not till a later period that the opaque white and yellow were added, which enabled the artist to give so much more character and contrast to his designs. Under Greeks the ceramic art achieved its highest excellence, their productions being exquisitely beautiful in form and in painting and dark- rations vast volume of study in the arts of design. Chief among the vessel's Of ancient classic pottery, Greek and Etruscan, are the vases, which have been thus classed according to their Bessell. For holding wine, oil, or water the amphora, police, and stamina. 2 For carrying j?ator-the hydra and calls. 3, For mixing wine and water the crater, celebre, and oxvbaphon. d. For pouring wine, &c.; the anchor, rope, and prochous. 5. For drinking-the lanthorns, cyathus, carche sian, holding, typhus, cylix, repasts, phUle, cents, and rayon. 0. For ointments or per- fumes-the scythes, alabaster, ashes, born babies, oryballos, and coalesced. This will show the great variety of forms for which in English, we have no terms save the; ague ones of vase, urn. chalice, bowl, cup, goblet, See. Any art dictionary will give explanations of these old Greek names, which have been reduced to a system by Gerhard, and generally adopted by the antiquaries of Germany and Italy. These names are mostly applicable to the Roman pottery of which it is observed that their vessels were generally less slender and graceful than those ofthoGieeks; more adopted for every day use, though still displaying considerable taste and elegance. Mr. E. Roach Smith has remarked that the for the vessels of the Etruscans, of the Greeks, and of the Romans are remarkable for infinite variety of form and embellishment, among which it would be difficult to find and example altogether void of grace or beauty. * But it is very different with medieval pottery-it is void of beauty, taste, or slightly- ness. The links which in Britain and Gaul unite the Roman with the medieval pottery are the Frankish and the Saxon. But we must here notice among Roman pottery the true Samian ware, so called from a tradition that it was fabricated in the Isle of Samos (and therefore originally Greek and thence disseminated over the civilized world. It is a bright red glazed pottery, usually decorated by embossed or bas-relief figures of the same clay. With the progress of the Roman con- quests manufactories of this and other pottery were established by them in Italy, Germany, and France; and a base kind of burn ian ware has been discovered in England, proving that it was imitated here. Of Roman-British pat- tery various kinds had been discovered, as well as the debris of pottery ; while the Up church marshes on the banks of the Medway, in Kent, are covered for miles with similar debris. The two kinds of this pottery chiefly worthy of notice are such as have a painted 1 pattern raised on them by the mere impostor of the colour (generally a thickish mass of yellowish white which occasionally produces a good, bold effect, relieved as Clabby the dark clay which forms the body of the vessel, he Unchurch pottery is of a very fine, tenacious clay, well fitted for this manufacture, which is generally mud- coloured, or blackened by being baked in a " smother-kiln," and thus smoked to the required tint. The surface of the vessels was decorated with incised lines of similar pattern, but productive of good effect. As to the colours of pottery, the Samian ware and other ancient flotilla, west of red earth, containing much oxide of iron other clay, with a smaller proportion of iron . yielded pottery of ochreous brown; black pottery, when not the result of being smoked was supposed to be due to the mixture of asphaltum with the clay and the white war, was yielded by pure clay like that of Com was used in the manufacture of porcelain It is to China that Europe is indebted for the revival of the' ceramic art, In the Celestial Empire vases of porcelain were in common use in the seventh century, but the art arrived at its greatest perfection at the close of the ninth. The porcelain tower near Nanktc (erected in 1277) attests its durable nature The characteristics of Chinese China are at clearness of body and gaudiness of decoration introducing dragons and grotesque of most fanciful absurdity. The Japan porcelain i. of better quality of clay, and its decoration more natural and simple. Those- eastern port cellars were first brought by Portuguese mar chant ships to Europe in the 15th and left con to ries. 