THEATRE ROYAL. Jin. MoKxak Beasant made his first appearance on Monday evening, in the character of Hamlet. Prepared as we were for great things, we little anticipated such an intellectual treat as Mr. Buchanan provided for us. There were points made-and readings given to the text-which many never before witnessed or beard-and ourselves amongst the number. The performance altogether was a "study every look, every gesture, every action was clearly the result of much thought. It was a most elaborately finished, chaste, and classical embodiment of the character, and clearly evidenced that at " Wurtemburg," the " form and meaning' and the " action" of man had had a considerable portion of Hamlet s time devoted to their study. To dwell upon the "new readings given by Mr. Buchanan to many passages in the play, would far exceed our limits, besides which, we do not feel ourselves competent, at a moment's notice, to do so. "We should get in our judgment were we to differ with one, who has for years made the character his study. Besides which, in several passages we were taken by surprise suddenly made sensible of a difference we never expected, in the interview with the ghost, for instance, where Hamlet is made to exclaim "Oh my prophetic coull my uncle!" ; ' Mr. Buchanan gave us a new version of the line, changing the words " My tmctoT! Som an exclamation as we have always been accustomed to hear it renders? to a quick and passionate interrogatory "My under" But we must see Mr. Buchanan again. At present we are not qualified to give a critical review of a og! formance so deeply studied, and so elaborately finished as was that of Hamlet on Monday. "- -as. Mr. Warner as the ghost, as?, it is needles to say admirable. Is it possible for him to be otherwise I We sincerely regret to hear that during the performance he was acutely suffering from an injury he has recently by a sting in his foot, Nothing but his strong de-. "sire to avoid disappointing the audience on such an, occasion, could have carried him through the part. i Last night, we regret to state, that Mr Warner was so much indisposed, as to render it dangerous for you to leave his bed ; a certificate to this effect, from Dr. Smart, was read by the Lessee, who apologized for the, unavoidable absence of Mr. Warner, and for the gift. stitution of the Merchant of Venice for the play it Richelieu, as previously announced. The apology was received in good part, and although the Lessee offers to return the money to any lady or gentleman, who wished to receive it, not one availed themselves of the offer. Nor had they much cause, perhaps, to regret the change : Mr. Buchanan, as Shylock, fully sustained high reputation, and actually electrified the audience by his masterly representation of that fine and difficult - character ; the other performers, with so short a acts tice, acted their respective parts with much ability, This evening, Richelieu will be positively performer Mr. Russell taking the character of Mauorat, 'mi viously assigned to Mr. Warner, and Mr. Dunn that it Do Berringon, which had been allotted to Mr. Based. The public will, therefore, not be disappointed in that early witnessing Mr. Buchanan in a character, which the critics have pronounced to be his chef d'oeuvre. We regret, extremely that Mr. Warner's illness according to his medical advisers, is likely to be of some 1 duration ยก but Doctors are not, always, infallible, and, we sincerely hope, that in this instance, they may be mistaken. 