IRELAND. Election of Archbishop.— The High Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated in the Cathedral of Thurles, preparatory to the selection by the Parish Prioats of three names to bo forwarded to tho Holy Soo, ono of whom is to be nominated Archbishop of Cashel and Emly. Tho Cathedral was densely crowded. The High Mass being con cluded, tho Clergy, tho Bishops being present, proceeded to tho scrutiny. The Right Rev. Dr. Ryan, senior Prelate of the province, prosidod, Tho following is the result of the scrutiny : — .Very Rev. , Or. Leahy, Primus. Very Rev. Dr. Reniiian, Secundus. Very Rov. Dr. Howley, Tertlus. These names, with the suggestions of tho 'Bishop, are to be forwarded at onoo to Rome. — Tipperary Vindicator. We oall attention to the letter of tho Rev. Mr. Sherlock and the list of forty-four English Priests, whose address to the Seoretary of tho Tenant League, asking to bo enrolled among its members, will also be found in our leading columna. We have long hoped for some demonstration of this kind, and now, when so much is succeeding better than we hoped, this 'piice de rejouhsance' is added into the bargain. If the Tablet has any right to be in Ireland, it is because ireiand is the seat of tho Catholic strength : because tho cause of Ireland is the cause of religion and of tho Church ; bccaiiso without Ireland the English Catholics are politically nothing. Tlie very existence of tho Tablet is the assertion of tho fact that identifica tion with Ireland is the duty and interest of the English CatholioB, who owe everything to Ireland and have scarcely any means of making a return. But that Buch return as can bo made should not be wantiDg is of the highest oonsequonce. Thero is no reproach more ignominious, no satire morogall ing, no scoff- bo ridiculous as tho English Catholic utters against himsolf, when he attempts to dis tinguish his cause, his feelings and his interests from thono of Catholic Ireland. It is with interne satisfaction that we reoerve this proof that the Clergy of England are resolvod to sot an example to their ftooks in this respeot and we trust that it may bo extensively followed.— Tablet, March 28. Cathoho XJNiVBBSiTy Chtjjich. — The Lord Lieutenant, accompanied by the Marquis and Mar-i chioness of Kildnre, have visited tho Catholic University Churoh, and inspected the interior with muoh interest. The party wero conducted through it by the Rev. Mr. Andordon, assisted by Mr, Beard wood, tho builder ofthe very beautiful edifice. Daniel Welply, Esq., J.P., has given a lease for one hundred years to each of his tenants on his estates near Callnn, lately purchased in the Inoum bored Estates Court. Mr. Wolply is a member of the Tenant League, a munificent contributor to its funds, and in every sense of the word a truly Oa thollo gentloman : the first not of hiB as a landlord was to carry out tho principles of whioh he was always the consiBtontadvocate. — Kilkenny Journal. Assistant Barristcrship ofthe County Dublin has beon conferred on Thomas O'Hagan, Esq., Q.O. In tho wholo rango of the Irish bar, a better and more populur selection could not have beon mado. Tho appointmont is highly creditable to the Go vernment j and whon we consider tho consummate ability, the zeal, and impartiality whioh have charac terised the conduot of Mr. O'Hagan in the leas important office of Assistant Bnrrister for Longford, wo have no doubt the selection will prove as bene ficial to tho interests of justice as it is creditablo to the government. — Drogheda Argus. During the late storm two schooners (the Glenduart and Lion) have beon wrecked, and the Govornor-General steamer was forced to roturn to Sydney, disabled. The Glenduart, 60 tons, Cap tain Walker, bound from Newcastle to Sydnoy, with coals, having parted her anchors, was drifted aBhore at the Tarragl Head. The crow having lost their bo»t wero three hours in tho rigging, and a line wast got from shore, by which they woro saved. The vessel and cargo are lost. Tho Lion for Now castle, wont on shore at the Rooky Point, near Nobby'B, The crow aro safe. The GovernorGeno rnl loft Sydnoy for Molbourno on Tuesday, mot tho galo whon 13 hours out, and bravod the storm until Thursday morning, when it was found neoes sary to roturn to port, owing to the state of the ship — the steam pipo having given way, and her hull and machinery being much damagod. ADVEHTisrNO for Candidatks. — The fol lowing curious ndvortisomont appeared in tho Ber wick Advertiser : — 'Wanted, a candidato for tho representation of tho county of 'Borwick in tho Commons Houso of Parliament, the present lion, member not having as yet sicnified his intention of again coming forward. Parties of moderately liberal principles, and having the other, requisite qualifications, are entreated to m^ko immediate application.1* 