SECOND DAT. THE ViOTOBii JooKKv CMJB CIT of two hun- dred sovs in apecio. Km rauco £10. Two miles. For all horses. To bo riddon by members of elie Victoria Jockey Club, or of the Victoria Tnrf Club. Weights-3 yrs old, 9 st .. Albs; i yrs, lOst ll lbs ; S yrs, ll at 4 lbs; C yrs and aged, 12 st Air A. Churns! Jo's gr m Alice Hawthorn, aged. .(Mr Hogg) 1 Milrick'sblg Magie, 4 yrs.. 2 Jno. Savior's oh g Hotspur, aged. 0 Ferguson's b g Camel, aged. 0 Betting at starting: 6 to 4 ogst Alico Hawthorn, 2 to 1 sgst Hotspur, 2 to 1 ogst Camel, 6 to 1 ogst Mngic. * Magic jumped off with tho lead, closely fol- lowed by Alice Hawthorn, Camol, and Hotspur, which order was maintained to the stand where Alice forged a-head, the others well together at her quarter. Hotspur now began to creep up, and at tho gate the maro was leading, the chest- nut half-a-lcngth behind, and Magic half-a lougth in the rear. Camel now began to slww symptoms of Uacging, and nf tor passing Mr Grey's paddock was quite out of the race. Lang, who had previously been holding Mngic bard now let go, nnd passing Hotspur at the bill, a most interesting rnco ensued between him. and tito maro.^ About halfway in tho distance tho ¡ horse shied twice, and Alice carno in an easy : winner. Magic second, and Hotspura bad third, i Time, 3 min 59 sec. TUB FBBC HANDICAP PLATE of one hundred and Üfty BOT«, for thrce-yenr-olds and upwards. Une milo and a-half. Nominations made on the 1st of January. The weights declared on tho 15th January; acceptances declared, and £10 entranco paid on tho 2od February. Tho winner of any race of tho value of £ 150, inclusive of his own stake, after the declaration of the weights, to carry Bibs extra. Mr U. I). Clark's hr g Ilaphxzird, 6 yri (Ncep) 1 R. Savior's br m Ducky Sharp. 2 G. Watson's b g Buckley.... 3 II. N. Simson'* bl g Dermot Asthore... 0 E. Kowe,8 ch m Rose of May.' 0 Betting nt starting: £ to 4 agst Haphazard, 6 to 4 agst Becky Shu rp. All horses got off well together, Haphazard slightly in advance to the gate, where he had II decided lead Dermot Astiiore at his quarters, Becky and Buckley well up, the Bose of May nowhere, At tho back of the course Dermot ABthoro passed Haphazard, but soon gave up and retired into the rear. Becky now took up the running, and at tho turn into the distance was about a length behind. Haphazard, how over, gradually improved his advantage, and in the distance was two lengths ahead. Mitchell now mndo n desperate burst, and, by a splendid piece of jocleysh p, brought the maro so well up at tho finish, that to thoso who wcro not in tho immediate neighbourhood of tho stand the result was for some moments doubtful. Haphazard was declared tho winner by about a neck Bucky a good second. Time, 2 min. 51 sec. TAB MAIDBM PLATE of ono hundred and fifty BOYS, l'.ntrnnco £10. For all horses that never won an advertised prize. One milo and a half Two-ycir-olds, 5stj 3 yrs, 7 st 101bs¡ 4yrs, 9st; S yrs, 9st lOIbs ; 6 yrs and aged, lOst 2lbs. Mr Purcell's b c Artaxerxes, 3 yrs (Dobson) 2 E. Jenkins' ch g Voltaire, 4 yrs. 3 Milrick'sb g Nobby, aged. O Martin's ch m Mary Martin, 4 yrs... 0 G. Grass's b g Joe Banks, 6 yrs. 0 Yeend's br li Patient, aged. 1 Wright's b g Touchstone, 4 yrs . 0 Powell's ch m Kangaroo Jenny, nged.. 0 Betting at starting: 2 tn 1 agst Artaxerxes 3 to 1 agst flying Dutchman. Artaxerxes jumped off with tho lend, and kept it through thc race, Vnltairo being tho only animal which ever had the ghost of a chance, and abo boinc; beaten by about two.length» \ Nobby a'bad third, tim rest nowhere. Time. 2 min. 59 soc. THB PUBLICAN'S PURSU of ono hundred nnd fifty sovs. Entrance £5. For all horses. Weight for a.(e, as in tho City of Melbourne Plate. Two miles. Heats. Mr G. Watson's b g Buckley, aged. (Hayes). 2 I 1 Smith's b g Cossack. 1 2 2 Tobin's gr g Woodpecker, agoil. 0 3 dr Ling's gr g Freeholder, »ged .. 3 0 dr Milrick's eli g GoldKmlcr ngod .. O 0 dr Betting at starting: 2 to 1 agst Freeholder. 3 to 1 ugst Woodpecker, 3 to 1 ugst Cossack. First Heat : Cossack lead at starting, but soon resigned in favour of Freeholder, Wood- pecker and Buckley close up. At the gate Cos- sack again took up the running, and Goidfinder tailed off. At thu hill Woodpecker passed Free- holder, challenging the buy, mid looked very liko winning tho heat. Unfortunately, however, inside the distance a trooper was in tho way, and Woodpecker came in contact with him, and threw ber jockey. Cossack was au easy winner, Buckley a bad second. Second Heat: Buokley jumped off with tho lead. Cossack closo at his quarter, Woodpecker well up, Freeholder nowhere. At the gate Cossack challenged the old-'un, and succeeded in passing him. but he Boon lost his adv»ntago, mid notwithstanding a gallant spurt on the straight running, Buckley won tho. nico easily, Woodpecker a bail third. ' Third Heat: Woodpecker and Freeholder being both drawn, Buckley and Cossack started, and tho former jumping off with the lead, kept it throughout tho race, and won easily by two lengths. 