To the Editor of the Hobart Town Courier. SIR-It seems that a knot of dissenters at Launceston, seconded by that friend to his Church, Mr. T. D. Chapman, of Hobart Town, have raised a cry about the voluntary principle and would, they could do it, take away all State Aid to- morrow. Not that I think they have the ghost of a chance of achieving this pious and beneficial object inasmuch as, even if the present Council and Assembly allowed such a proposal, which is not probable, the Queen would decline to ratify the Act. Her Majesty gave the Land Fund management to the colony upon the stipulation that certain schedules appended to the Constitutional Act should be maintained. These schedules were made in order to carry out here a wise rythm of Imperial policy namely, to protect for a generation in young colonies certain executive ministrations. If, then, the Queen should be asked to ignore these schedules, or one of them, Her Majesty would probably remind the applicants that they have no right to eat their cake and have it. If they violate her deliberate reservations, shots not bound to fulfil her compacts. The blame be upon those who break agreements, and who would lose a great fish in order to catch a small one. I should like, Sir, to ask these Tooley-street agitators, these foxes, who have lost their tails, and who want to drag i every one down to the same level as themselves,-afow questions. Where is the majority which they represent ? How many towns and villages have said that they want the Clergyman's income from Government taken away I Is there any apparent probability of seven-tenths of the average residents in town or country voluntarily aiding to support religion ? What is the moral, and therefore the give able, condition of the bulk of the people here P Has the Sustentation Fund succeeded or failed ? If the Clergy are starved out, who will administer the Sacraments, baptize the children, visit the sick, and bury the dead ? Into whose hands, if the Clergy are starved out, will what some people coll religion Fall ? Into whose hands do these kind friends to the Church wish it to fall ? a Did the leaders of the Free Church movement in Scot- land approve of the voluntary system ? For my part, Sister, as old Gravina's pet phrase hath it a mean feet opinions these coming haters of the Anglican Church were to be seriously listened to, and their crude and invidious notions adopted, there would ensue for some thirty years or more in this colony,' in all out-of-the-way places, such a fearful state of reprobation and licentious abandonment, as would astonish and shook the feelings of every Christian man within a thousand miles of us. I remain, Sir, Your obedient Servant Spectator. 