CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY \- IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Under the present aspect of church mat- . tera in Tasmania, the subjoined circular letter from -the Bishop . of Sydney to his clergy will he read by many of our readers with interest : — Rev. and Dear Sir, — Having recently been in communication with several of the deigy upon the subject of a Chnrch As sembly for this Diocese, I find that impor tant differences of opinion exist, especially amongst, the senior members of the clerical body, with regard to this question. Before 1 proceed further ip a matter of go much moment to the Church of which we are' ministers, and I may add to the country in which we live, I think it desira ble to ascertain from the clergy the views they entertain on the questions I now sub mit to them. In addressing you upon this important subject, and seeking to be guided to a right judgment concerning it, I desire on my own behalf and yours, that the Holy Spirit of wisdom and of love may so direct and sanctify our thoughts and sets that the Gospel of our. Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ may have free course and be glori fied in this land. From the period of my appointment to the See of Sydney, I have regarded the establishment of a Church Assembly as a question requiring the most careful consi deration of the members of the Church of England and Ireland in this colony. I have no wish to avoid the labour and responsi bility with which this subject is invested, but I cannot think it wise to involve my self in its acknowledged difficulties without those advantages which time, observation, and experience alone can give. It may possibly appear to some, that since the year 1852, a sufficient period has. elapsed, and -that we should immediately take 'up the question as it was then left. . This has been done in the dioceses of Mel bourne and Adelaide ; in New Zealand measures are now in progress, which will, in time, result in the formation of a Church Constitution ; Jn Tasmania, deliberations have recently commenced : in the diocese of Newcastle, nothing has been done ; the same most be said of Sydney. In our case, however, it should be borne in mind, that for nearly three years subsequent to 1852, the. diocese was withont a Bishop, and that the practical evils arising out of this state of things had in the first instance to he re medied. It was obviouB, that if the Chnrch of England was to maintain its ground in this country, the Bret thing to.be done was tojsupply the crying want of clergymen and schoolmasters. With this view, the Church Society was formed, by means of which, and by funds obtained in England, and from other sources, I have, under the Diyme blessing, succeeded in obtaining the services of twenty five additional clergy men ten schoolmasters, and two cate- q&jtlts.; - The Chnrch Society being cordially: and almost universally supported by the! clergy,' and very generally by the laity,' has thus far, as will be seen by the report, accomplished the design for which it was established ; under any circumstances an organization of this kind was indispen sable, but it would be a' misapprehension of my own views and of the views of the friends of the Church Society to suppose that it was ever intended as a substitute for a Church Assembly. I certainly think that under the circumstances in which I entered upon my episcopate, the former was the more needful ; aud in this opinion, I believe, the great majority of the clergy and of the laity concur; and I also regard the consolidation and extension of the Chnrch Society's operations and the ad justment of our educational difficulties, as: having more pressing claims upon my time and attention than the formation of a Chnrch constitution. The coarse which upon mature conside ration appears to me to be the wisest and most prndent to adopt, is the following. I propose, if God permit, to visit Mel bourne in the spring, and to take counsel with the Bishop of that diocese, and also to communicate with the Bishop of Adelaide on this subject. The Church Assembly of Melbourne and the Diocesan Synod of Adelaide are framed upon essentially'different principles. One appeals to the Legislature to give the sanc tion and authority of law to its enactment ; the other is satisfied with a mutual com pact between the Bishop and the Clergy, confirmed by the execution of a trust deed. In New Zealand, also, the latter principle is adopted; but a fundamental regulation is introduced, which does not appear in the other constitutions. This iB "the veto," to be exercised by the Bishop at his dis cretion ; a power claimed by my Right Rev erend predecessor, as one of the inherent rightB of the Episcopate. Upon these and other points of great importance, I desire to confer with my Right Reverend Bretheren, and to reap the benefit of their experience. If this should seem to some of the clergy to cause unnecessary delay, I believe there are others who will agree with me in thinking that the time so occupied is not really lost, and that we shall be more likely to reach the end in; safety, as we wisely and circumspectly mark the way by which we are to attain to it. My own' impression is, that in the for mation of the proposed Church Assembly, we shall gain much advantage by the op portunity for deliberation, and by the ex perience which a longer delay will afford. But, as you are equally interested with myself in this subject, it appears to me desirable that I should frankly communi cate to you my opinions upon it, and in vite the expression of your own in return. I beg. therefore, to propose to you the following questions: — 1\. Do you think it desirable that imme diate steps should be taken to summon the Clergy and Laity of the Chnrch of Eng land to a. Conference upon the subiect of a Chnrch Constitution ? Or, 2\. Do you consider it desirable to . allow ( farther time to elapse, in order that enqui ries may be made and information obtained as to the best mode of proceeding ? I am aware that in 1852, when similar enquiries were made, the laity of the. Church of England were consulted ; and valuing as I do their co-operation, I shall be glad if you communicate to me the opinions of any members of your congre gation upon this subject, together with their names. In conclusion, I earnestly invite you to unite with me in prayer, that we may seek and obtain the wisdom which cometh from above ; that the gift which the risen and ascended Saviour has purchased by his atonement may be poured out upon us, even that Holy Ghost the Comforter, by whom alone we can he guided into all truth and purity and peace, to the glory of our Heavenly Father, aud the union, and edifi cation of the Chnrch. I remain, Reverend and dear Sir, Your faithful servant in Christ, F. Sydney. Sydney, June 23. 