(Continued from page 121.) TOWARDS evening the storm ceased, the stars shone out brightly, and Henry felt in much better spirits. He had resolved to go to a place of worship that evening, so after taking tea he walked out, undecided where to go to. He.feared to go to St. James' Church, lest he should see his employer there ; he had some time previously told him as an excuse for his absence from his pew, that he had taken a sitting in a dissenting chapel. He wandered down George-street, and seeing a chapel in as he thought a secluded spot, (at the rear of the new Cathedral,) where he would be unlikely to meet with any person who was acquainted with him, he walked in. The Rev. John Saunders, who will long be remembered in this colony as a zealous, faithful servant of Christ, and a most unflinching advocate of Temperance, preached a very appro priate sermon to young men. In most ear nest and touching language he warned his hearers of the many dangers to which they were constantly and peculiarly ex posed in the various phases of life, and pointed out in the clearest manner those sins which they should most par ticularly guard against ; amongst others he dwelt much upon the dangers of the horrid sin of intemperance, which he said was the active forerunner of nearly all other sins, producing in its train a long retinue of crimes, miseries, and diseases too fearful for my pen to enumerate. The proofs of it were, alas ! throughout this city and colony frightfully abundant. Society, he said, and especially the members of Christ's church could not, dare not much longer shut their eyes to the facts and tolerate, if not encourage, this cursed sin, which was annually sending more souls to eternal perdition than all Christ's ministers were saving from ii. In most emphatic terms he called upon his hearers to lend their united efforts to crush this vile monster Intemperance, but to look to Almighty God for the power to enable them to do so. Then in most tender and affectionate words he addressed himself to the poor drunkard, pointing to the only means of cure for him. Go, he said, in deep contrition and humble confidence to your blessed Saviour ; implore His pardon for your long course of rebel lion against him, and crave his grace to enable you to renounce the intoxica ting cup for ever, and then " Touch not, taste not, handle not " the vile poison again. Henry listened attentively, and while the tears flowed freely from his eyes he felt a glow of hope in his heart. He had long felt himself en slaved by his besetting evil habit. He had often ardently longed for a cure, but he knew not where to look for it. He fancied he saw it now, and lie resolved that he would go to his home and follow the advice which the good preacher had so energetically urged upon him. Full of his good resolutions he went straight home, without calling upon any of his acquaintances, which was usual for him to do. He found Mr. Tucker and family at supper. They expressed surprise at his early return, and kindly invited him to partake of their repast., Henry drew his chair to the table and commenced his meal more cheerfully than he had done for a long time. The table was well filled with edibles, for Mr. Tucker spared no expense in these matters, and the wines and spirits sparkled in the | crystal decanters in tempting abun dance. Henry felt a fearful longing for some of their contents, but, turning his eyes from them, he hastily filled a tumbler with water, and raised it to his lips. Mr. Tucker observed it and with looks of surprise and derision asked him if he had joined the tee total society. Henry, rather abashed, briefly related some of the events of the day, and particularly the sermon which he had just heard, and the resolutions he had formed, under the impressions which it had made upon his mind. Mr. Tucker laughed immoderately, and after many ridicu lous remarks upon the folly and fanati cism of teetotallers and predicting that Henry would die of cholera before he had been a cold water drinker for a week, he added, with a very virtuous air, " I certainly don't approve of a man getting drunk, but I can see nc reason why he should not enjoy the comforts which G-od has given him, ii moderation. Depend upon it, God dk not put man into this beautiful worlc to make himself miserable; but H< gave him all things to enjoy, and gav* him reason to guide him in the use o them. No, no, I don't approve o total abstinence ; moderation is m; motto, and as long as I can afford rn, glass of grog, I'll not go without it, fo all the teetotallers in the univers< Take your glass of grog, Henry, an enjoy it ; but mind when you have ha enough : that's my advice to you. am twenty years older than you ai ami you see grog has not kille me, but I get fat upon it poisonous as the teetotallers say it is. Come, help yourself," added he, pushing over a decanter of brandy towards Henry, " 'tis dreadfully un social of you to sit there, sipping cold water: you positively make me shiver !" Henry involuntarily extended his hand to the decanter. He felt a peculiar fluttering sensation at his heart. His craving for the proffered tempting fluid was intense, but the events of the past day-the storm, his prayer to God, his vow of reformation, his poor mother's Bible - hurriedly flashed across his mind ; then the thrilling sermon, and the preacher's earnest, emphatic words of warning-seemed to sound in his ears, and he withdrew his hand and replied, " What you say, Mr. Tucker, is to my mind sound common sense, and I know not how to gainsay it, and my inclina tion strongly urges me to follow your kindly-meant advice. I feel that a social glass of grog is both exhilarating and harmless (its actual benefit I have always questioned), but had you heard the sermon which has so deeply impressed me this evening, and the imminent danger of moderation so forcibly urged, and the many fearful instances cited of moderate drinkers soon ending their course in confirmed intem perance, misery, and often in death in its most appalling form-oh ! had you," continued Henry, with much warmth, "but listened to the heartrending descriptions of the miseries which have been endured and which are still blight ing the lives of hundreds of wretched beings, even around our immediate neighbourhood, caused by this dreadfully fatal liquid which sparkles so deceitfully in the decanter before me, and which seems to possess an infatuating influence over me-I think, I say, had you heard all this, that you would not now invite me to join you in the tempting glass for the mere sake of its very question able social influence-aye, I believe that you would, for the sake of the good -. effect your example would produce upon others, show a Christian-like self- denial, and forego the use of all intoxicating beverages for ever ; even although you may not feel in danger of ever over stepping the bounds of moderation." " Ha! ha! ha!" laughed Mr. Tucker, as he replenished his glass for the fourth time, " you talk like a thorough teetotaller of ten years' standing, Harry ; and you want to make a proselyte of me to begin with, do you ? You have been in the habit of getting drunk every Sunday for some months past, and often on two or three evenings in the week besides, and this parson you speak of has frightened you into the belief, that his long dismal catalogue of horrors enough to scare a ghost-will all catch you if you don't become a teetotaller. You want me to join you because you are afraid to take the water by yourself. Capital ! " laughed Mr. Tucker again, " but you wont succeed, Harry. Here's to you !" added he, raising his glass to his lips, " I hope your newly-chosen beverage wont get into your head. Water on the brain is more dangerous than brandy and water in the stomach. Wine is sent to * make glad the heart of man.' I like that text." " * Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging, and whosoever is deceived there by is not wise.' I read this in my Bible tins afternoon/'saidHenry with emotion, and I can acknowledge from bitter ex perience that it is true indeed. 