THE EAST INDIES. We havo advices from the East Indies to the 2Sth of April. Subjoined are the only items of interest : — suicide of a forger. The prisoner Farley, win was apprehended at Singa pore and sent to Calcutta in the barque Diana, in chargr of a police canstable, in order to be forwarded to Mel bourne for trial on a charge of embezzlement of the pub lic monies, committed suicide on the passage up the Bay of Bengal on the 27th February. DESCENT OF TWO AEROLITES, Wo find the following in the Madras Crescent of April 1 8th : — On Saturday the ISth of February last, there fell n stone of huge dimensions, with inconceivable velocity, attended with loud claps of thunder, whilo the vasl horizon was spotless and without ciouds. This pheno inonon occurred at about full meridian. The rapidity of the flights, so to speak, added to the gravity of tlu mass, tended to its sinking into tho mire about two feci deep. The same wonderful occurrence was repeated by the fall of another, after the interval of throe minutes into a field some three miles apart from the scene of the first descent, with a far less amount of the parade o! nature's warfare, , in announcement of its terrestrial visit. The shock, mainly owing to tho din of the rcrial uproar that attended the sinking of the first stony mass, operated greatly as to result in the tremor aud panic oi the laborers that were at work in the adjacent fields nay, two of their number were almost paralysed, and little hope was entertained ot their recovery. Tns RAJA OF UMVAR. The Calcutta Englishman of April 8th,. denounces the policy of annexation : — ? The Rajah of Ulwar is supposed to be ou the point of death from the effects of a paralytic stroke, and Lieuf. ILirdcastlc is the political agent expectant, ready to pounce upon the principality as soon as the breath is out of the sick old lion. In other words, the opportunity will be seized of fixing a political agent upon the coun try to nurse it even to that stage of decrepitude and decay which shall give the Company what it wants, an excuse for annexing it. This is the usual stereotyped policy. To the Government annexation seouis to bring no in crease of revenue, for the yearly revenue of British India is singularly incapable of change. There it is, al ways the same figure, 2/i,000,000. The people be come simply demoralised and impoverished. When politicians decry double governments in India, they seem not to be sensible that the very worst double government is the government of the Company's pro vinces. It is the government of ignorant, immoral, corrupt native officials, who freely abuse their powers, protected as they are in their persons and properties by the strong arm of tho British Government. Tho con sequence is that tho country grows daily less productive and the native inhabitants of the Company's territories grow more corrupt with increase of opportunity. CRIME AND IT3 CONSEQUENCES. The following is from a correspondent at Ferozeporo, dated 20th March, 1857 : — There is a strange rumor current hero to the effect that an individual of rank who was supposed to have died from cholera, really met with his death in an affair of honor. The circumstances which gave rise to the rumor aro, I believe the following : — Mr ? was fre quently seen in company with the wife of an individual who had recently arrived from the Continent (Europe) at this station ; and even on the very morning of the day when it was stated Mr ? had been attacked with cholera, he was seen riding out with the lady in ? i: ? fl.n tn l.„„„ „ IJUOOH1UH, 'J IL great part of her time abroad. About three p.m. that day, Mr ? complained of being unwell, and went out to see his friends. He returned a couple of hours after, but ajain went in search of his friends. Nothing was further heard of him until late at niglit, when medical aid was called in, which, however, availed no thing, as Mr ? gave up the ghost at 2 a.m. the fol lowing morning. It is, moreover, stated that there was unnecessary haste observed in shrouding and coffin ing the corpse, and no one, except those in confidence, were allowed to see it. The inferences which have been drawn from these data are, 1st. That the lady in question must have been insulted by Mr ? and that she appealed for redress to her husband, who saw no fitter way of affording her this than by calling out her iusultor, to either receive or administer pill plumbi. 2nd. That when Mr ? went out to see his friends, he did so for the purpose of arranging matters for his combat. 3rd. That his leaving home a second time was to repair to tho place where the combat was undertaken ; and, finally, that the haste displayed in putting the corpse into the coffin, and not permitting it to be seen, were to avoid the disclosure of the real cause of Mr ? 'a death. SAVAGES ' UPON TOEIR nONOR.' The Friend of India, relates the following touching incident : — Of all the prisoners in our jails, the Sonthals perish tho most rapidly. They pino like other savages for freedom, become dispirited, and fall victims to the first epidemic that attacks the jail. The mortality in Bhau gulpore, a prison filled chiefly with this tribe, amounted last year to nearly fifty per cent. Moved by this ex treme distress of men who, though justly confined, are after all political prisoners, the Lieut.-Governor granted to Borne of them a conditional pardon. Two hundred confined in the Alipore jail were sent to work for wages on the Mutlah. There they were employed in cutting down tho jungle for tho site of the new city. Before theii liberation they were requested to give their parole that they woidd not attempt to fly. Unlike Bengalees, who will promise as readily as forswear themselves, they demanded two days for consideration. At the end of that period each man gave his word, and the wholo party were conveyed to the Mullah. A few days since information was received by the magistrate of the 21 Pergunnahs of the flight of the Sonthals. They had disappeared no ono could tell whither. The magistrate, half incredulous, was about to despatch officers in pursuit, when the savagc'3 made their appearance at the gaol. There they gravely handed over their earnings to the guard, placed tho little articles they had obtained in tho jungle insecu rity, squatted down and wailed for the magistrate. On Mr Fergnsson's arrival their story was soon told. Tho cholera had broken out among them. They had arrived at the conclusion that the water was the cause, that it was therefore irremediable, and that they must of necessity retreat. They had however, given a parole, and had come back to gaol rather than violate their word. They were willing to go to any other work, but on the Mutlah it was impossible to live. The tale was true enough. The number of men was all corrcct, nnd two hundred savages with money in their girdles had really walked thirty miles to gaol to keep a promise. The Surface System.— A great curse of English society is tbe folly — or, in many instances, rathe' the crime — of appearonce-malcing. How many a ruined family might bo well-doing and happily cir cumstanced but for this folly P— how many a c iine would never have been committed if it bad not been for this social curse P Among the great num ber of defaulters, forgers, &3., Redpath, Robsou, and others give a sad illustration. Spiiht-rapping. — Spirit-rappinghas lately been quito in vogue at the Tuileries. The Paris correspondent of the Brussels Independance writes : — 'IcanBtate upon authority that the sudden departure of Mr. Hume, tho spirit-rapper, was in obedience to an order from tho Em peror. The Empress wassomuch affected thather august consort dreaded the continuance of tho diabolical scenes. Tho ladies of honor wero not less excited than their sovereign. Thoy could speak of nothing but the redoubtable conjuror. Tho Emperor mado a wise revolution in the household, and the poor d ;vil, who, though playing the part of a personage with .£40,000 a-year, was really penniless, has left for tha country of the rapperd. A few days ago the Emperor met tho learned physician, M. Becquerel, and ij marked, ' I want to consult you upon what I saw that trickster do and his majesty thin told how Mr. Hume had mado a table turn round without touching it, and caused it to be struck by an unseen hand as many times a3 he liked. Tho Emperor re ceived from the physician tho very natural reply, 'Sire, I can say nothing upon facts which I have not witnessed.' J 