jtiEX.no diwi iiu.vt noixai. By NiimoD's Ghost. Last Saturday's tryst was mado noar town, bo as t» afford tho public tbo opportunity of a, gallop, which a- long succossiou of unfavourable- weather had prevented thoir enjoying. A pleasant aftoruoou proved a tompta tion to many who havo lntely beon ' ' ntop-at'hoino:!,' and wo found a sporting muster assembled at the ' Wattle Troo,' about a milo from tho koniiol. A low throo- rail fouco (tho 0110 formerly spo'tou of in tho ' Schooling by & Novico') proved a great attraction to many of tho concrocatod horsomen. and tho various ntvli-3 in whii-h it was jumped, or smashed through, afforded n fund of ninusomont to tho 'educated one3,' during tho quartor of an hour's waiting for oxpected arrivnla. A littlo gray pony climbed over it in a most marvollous mannor, nnd it waa capital fun to watoh tho actions of n cronm coloured Timor, which was flogjed over by tho elder brothor of tho lad mounted on it. This first part of the performance boing over, tho . master gavo tho word of command, aud tho cavnlcado trotted on td the onon acrub at tho aido of tho Dandenoug road. Hoi« tho hounds wore quickly laid on tho lino of n rattling-paced dingo, and they went mvay at a tremendous burst. For n milo or so, the country waa upon, but fencon soon croajeil the trail, and tho work becamo oxciting. Vory early in tho chnso, Mr. Watson's uow nag Nugget broko down 011 landing ovor a jump, and ho waa obliged to tako tho whip1* horee. So apoodily, however, waa tho ohan ;u pffectod, that ho lost littlo ground, nnd was with tho'pnpk again iu a trice. Without any remarkable incident, tho var mint wns run intocloao to Oakleigh, tho huntora getting homo again by six o'clock. One of tho now mombera, of whom tho Ghost spoko last wook, at acting in the Damon and 'Pythias arrangement, wont exceedingly woll, succeeding in getting n crcou horso ovor aovoral nwlrward placca. He is not likoly to bo ' douo brown ' on future occasioiu. Tho writor fool3 bound to tako thia occasion of mon tiouing tho recant improvemonts mado in tlio kounel. Tho yarJs have beou frjsli brinkod aud boardoij iu, nor havo the hounds aught to growl about 011 tho ecore ol comfort. . 