H01VCE & FOREIGN EXTRACTS. The Transatlantic Telegraph. --At a late meeting of the Geographical Society, Mr. Cyrus Field, an Ame rican gentleman connected with the project, gave a gra phic aud interesting sketch of the Transatlantic Tele graph. He described tho survey of the occan from Newfoundland to Ireland, a distance of KHO miles, of which tho utmost depth was about 2070 fathoms, near two and ono-tlurd miles, or 1000 feet short of tho height of tho Jungfrau, The bottom, without a single rock, consists apparently of mere sand, but, examined hy the microscope, is found to bo composed of tropical shells carried on the back of the tl Gulf Weed,'' by the u Gulf Stream,' and deposited in the course of countless ages. Mr. Field held in his hand some fathoms of the cable by which that Broad Atlantic is to bo spanned,— that ocean which, 3(i t years ago; had frightened the super titious companions of Columbus into a mutiny before they had got half across it. Tho cable was but a tiny rope of about five-eights of nn inch in diameter, marie of the copper of Cornwall, of the iron of South Wales, of the zinc of Germany, of the gutta pcrcha of Borneo, and spun iu Newcastle. By means of it a question put from l-ondon will bo answered from Washington ( may tho reply always ho a friendly ono!) within a quarter of an hour. In twenty-four hours the telegraph will communi cate 30,000 words, equal to twenty-two columns of the largest type of the Times newspaper Thus a President's Message, however lengthy, or a Queou's Speech with debate on it, however tedious, will be mado known from one shore of the Atlantic to the other, within a day after the delivery! Mr. Cyrus Field concluded his spiiited address by tilling the Geographical Society, that wherein, on tho 1th of July, 1776, the United States separated themselves from England, the projectors of the Atlantic Telegraph pledged themselves, that on tho 4th of July, 18.'i7, America should be onco more annexed to the mother country,! Ghosts in tuk 5ti:r*ocsope. — For the purpose of amusement tho photographer may give a ghostly aspect to one or more of its figures, and exhibit them as ?' thin air' among tho solid realiti s of stereoscopic group. While a party is occupied with what is serious or yay, a figure, male female, or animal, may be mado to appear iu the midst of theni with tbe attributes of the superna tural. The figure in:ght occupy more than ono placo in the picture, and dilferent individuals might be made to gaze upon one or other of tho visions before them. For this purpos ? the individuals in the groups must have their portraits nearly finished in tho binocular canura, iu the attitude and with the expression appropriate to the oc casion. The figure or fi^uris suitably attired, must then ' walk quickly into the places assigned them, stand a few seconds in the proper attitudes, and retire as quickly as they entered. If the experiment has been well performed the intruding figures will be shadowy and transparent, and will have the appearance of supernatural person npes. If ono of tho lenses of the camera be shut up du ring tbe latter part, of tho opoiatio*, the shadow figures will be formed only on one of tho pi-*tun i, and they will he flat and without relief, if required. The beautiful ef fect of dissolving views may bo obtained by executing binocular dissolving pictures, and coinbining'them in the stereoscope, so that all the figures and objects may ap pear in true relief. Thoro aio many other purposes of amusement and instruction to which the stereoscopo inov bo applied ; and we have no doubt that booths will soon be opened at our fairs and racecoursos iu which the Won ders of tho world may bo exhibited Htereoscopically to thousands, by making their binocular jfietures move bo fore a fixed circle of steron»cnpis.-—»SYr David Ilrcwsh'r, 