MKI.llOIJJIi.YK liaj- C DUIJTCg, Bt NiunniVs Ghost. Saturday --This was intoudeJ, to havo boenth« usual club day at Cheltouliam, but on account of tho rather sudden nrrnngoment of giving tho Qoelong folli» a wook's oport, it wns coiuidored that tho work would bo ? too hard on horso nnd hound, wero tho meet at Buch a distanco from town so shortly prior to tho contemplated trip. Accordingly, tho try3t was allured to the ' Jloyal Hotol,' St. Kildi, bo as to afford tho Melbournitos the only chancj of a gallop thoy could lmvo for tho ooming foitnight. At tho njipointcd hour, thoro was a some what largo gathering round tho coinforlablo qmrtors o£ boat Ottaway, .though tbo majority of tho liold ojnsisted of yisitora, nsmany of themoinborspruforrcd ' bottling ' their nags for tholaliours in Btore forthom. Prior to th* ?tart, a little fun was created by ..ono of tho ' roguhua ' getting bucked off a strango horso that bo bad taken 0116 of harncFK-wnrk rathor than not havo nnythin^ to follow on ; nnd s.'arcoly hnd tho oavulcndo roachod tho beach, when another nicnibor, who U utterly AeeiMoss of the number of «;-illa hu i;ot.i, wnashut up in tho air like a rocket from the back. of a young galloway which ho wns riding on trial. A more unlucky follow for gutting f»)U novor joined tho hunt, for jf thjrebo mi fenco to tumble over, ho in Buro to bo thrown huula ovor ho.%d by a blind htmnp ;{yot hia inishap»dp notoecui- from bad riding nor want of pluck, for ho h a good littlo crO33-conntry rider. A cnpital ' bagman ' hnd boon turned out at tht back of tholjight-hniiso, and tho momout his trail w»« hit off tho pack dn-dicd away ovor tho lovel turf at « bur.-itiug pr.co, nnd led us n morry danao round, tho out skirts of Brighton, and thon ovor Homo heavy Band towards tlio Brighton liotel. Tlio naturo of tho Rround Mado tho goiugraihorsluw juut horo, nnd many who I1.1l hvl tight work to hold thoir prods in tho ughtplaeo, found that they went smoothly enough by tho timo I'ia nia Point was renched. Aftor n inomeutary check is lioine thick tea tree, thchouiulu picked up tho scent and carried it on iu ul.-whing stylo right along tho sea coast till a long wny past tho Bluff, when » Buddon turn w«i mado inland. Up to thin point tho outsiders hnd |jono liko one o'clock, tho jilnln nailing oxnetly suitim; them ; nor is it lit all unlikely that many considered it tho crack ?lay of tho Bcasun, ns thero had boon a toii-niilo tpin without a fence. Tho flriit- llight mon, howovor,. wh* had hitherto kopt quiotly in tho ruck, woro of afar dif ferent opinion, nnd longod for a bit »f timber to conviue* tlieiu that they wero roally bunting. Shortly after mak ing tho last circuit, tlio hounds tluew up on a henthy hill, nnd -Mr. Wntaon allowed them a minute's breathing timo, a blessing equally grateful to man nnd horw. 9* commencing n cant, ho found that Rocket, whom ht w ridiug for tho firjt tiino thin soason, was vory lamo, mi did hu look plcauuut at thin conli\it-iip» U hu ii»V¥»* 