THE ABORIGINES. THE history of the now, nearly, defunct in- habitants of this beautiful Island, is a dismal one; and its traditions, as well as many of its melancholy facts, are well known to all the old settlers. Hunted like wild beasts, from one part of the Colony to the other, shot down like carrion, their wives and daughters torn from them,—the old story, so often told, of the aggressive power of the strong arm, overpowering, by oppressive cruelty and wrong, the defenceless inanity of the weak. Passing over these distressing annals, we come to the present condition of the small remnant of the former possessors of the land, the Aborigines of Oyster Cove, supposed to be under the kind and careful protection of their salaried Superintendent. Of the manner in which these poor creatures are treated, even of their very numbers and condition, of the mode in which they are em- ployed, or, of the manner in which they are not, the public are left in total ignorance, as far as any official or formal information is concerned. We have a dim idea, a vague notion, that, at Oyster Cove, under the charge of the Go- vernment, there are a few males and females, whose numbers are annually dropping off, and gradually, but inevitably, diminishing, until the race will be, at no distant period, utterly extinct. For it is a remarkable fact, that its perpetuation cannot be expected by the ordin- ary course of nature, as no addition is made to the tribe,—except, as we believe, by an accidental casualty,—from one year's end to another. It is distressing to reflect upon the utter neglect, with which these poor creatures are regarded. Some time ago, Mr. Meredith, the honorable Member for Glamorgan, actu- ated, no doubt, by that extensive philanthropy, for which he is so renowned, moved, in the House of Assembly, for certain Returns, reference to the Aborigines at Oyster Cove; the Returns were ordered, and here the mat- ter dropped, because, we presume, more weighty affairs, in these stirring political times, pressed upon the mind of the honorable Member: be this as it may, no Returns, that we have been enabled to discover, have re- cently seen the light on this subject. Again: in the Legislative Council, MR. HENTY, one of the honorable Members for Launceston, moved, that an Address be pre- sented to the Governor, praying, that His Excellency would be pleased to order the compilation of a vocabulary of the Aborigines, comprising, also, the names of animals, local- ities, &c.;, in the native language, for the pur- pose of affording information to the future historian of Tasmania, and, we find, that this task has been confided to the former Superin- tendent, DR. MILLIGAN, a quasi learned man, and supposed to be deep in the aboriginal dialect of Tasmania; but when this document will be completed, if it ever will, remains to be seen; for the Doctor, being a scientific man, cannot be thought to devote any imme- diate or particular attention to a matter so comparatively insignificant. We thought at the time, and we think so now, that the pur- pose, designed by the honorable Member, is perfectly futile, and that it must have been conceived in great ignorance of the state of affairs at the Aboriginal Settlement. Had such a proposition been made twenty years ago, or when DR. JEANNERETT had charge of the Natives, some good might have resulted; but the very idea of obtaining the required philological information from the miserable remnant of a miserable race, and by such a fop as DR. MILLIGAN is extremely absurd. That the subject will be suffered to lapse into nothingness, we do not, for a moment, doubt, and, for the simple reason, that it is utterly impracticable. This, then, is all that has been ostentatious- ly done in regard to the poor Aborigines; and to what has it amounted? To what will it amount? We need no ghost from the grave. ——not, even, the ghost of a murdered Native ——to answer the question : the whole business connected with these forlorn, neglected, des- pised, and wretched people, is bad and wicked from beginning to end; and, although in poor SIR JOHN FRANKLIN'S time, some kind con- sideration was shown towards them, since that period their history has been dismal, dark, and disgraceful. Strange and fearful tales have reached us of the fate of some of these poor creatures—the females, more especially. We will mention one. During the Government of SIR JOHN FRANKLIN, a young girl, named METHINA, attracted the notice of LADY FRANKLIN, and was taken into her service at Government House; she was a lively, merry! light-hearted girl, and, as we are informed, was not devoid of personal attractions; she became a sort of pet with her Ladyship, used to ride in her carriage with her, and was, in fact, her own personal attendant. If we mistake not, Methina was an Orphan School child, and her plain education had been considerably improved by the kind attention of her mis- tress. In the due course of events, SIR JOHN FRANKLIN left the Colony, and his lady, of course, left with him, poor METHINA being transferred to the superintendence of DR. MILLIGAN at Oyster Cove. We almost fear to record what follows, but, as it has been communicated to us, as an authenticated fact, and well known in the neighbourhood of the Native Settlement, we here give it publicity. From a laxity of superintendence, the females, METHINA with the rest, were allowed a liberty of roaming, which, in such a locality, was as unwise as it was injurious: the poor free-heart- ed girl became acquainted with some sawyers and splitters, acquired a liking for ardent spirits, and, step by step, became a confirmed drunkard, and, at last, died drunk in the river! What more fell to the lot of this un- happy, abandoned girl, in her unhallowed companionship with her vile associates, needs no description: her short and miserable his- tory is before the public,—let them reflect upon, and sudder at its contemplation. Whether this laxity of supervision, or rather no supervision at all, still exists, under the superintendence of MR. DANDRIDGE, we have no means of knowing, but the accounts we have received, of the horrible effects of the cohabitation of the Native women with the sawyers and splitters in the bush, has made our heart sicken at the recital, while we have pitied, as we are sure our readers would, the wretched and neglected victims. If, as we firmly believe, these things are true, they call for a most strict and searching enquiry: at all events, some means should be adopted to satisfy the public mind on the actual condition of the Aborigines, the few, that is, that are left, of a once numerous race. We are not to be told, that they are, by na- ture, degraded and debased; they are, we presume, so many human beings,—not with- out a soul—not without a mind, capable of discriminating between right and wrong, good and evil;—and a fearful responsibility rests upon those, to whose charge the diminishing remnant has been committed. 