SCHOBRY THE BANDIT. Of Schrobry, tho Hungarian captain ot banditti, there nro told some Robin Hoodish stories. If I repeat one, it is not for any love I bear to bandits. They aro thieves at best, and often something worse than thieves. They are not greatly to bo admired if they will now and then do that upon impulso which honest men do always upon principle. As for their generosity with other men's possessions, I do not quite see tho admira blcness of it, and I never did. It is the light going of what has lightly come, — the wrenching of hard earn ings from tho man who had an honest and wise use for them, and scattering them away, if not in vicious in dulgence, vet in idle waste. Schobry has been known to commit' a daring robbery, buy jewellery and rings with tho larger half of the proceeds, and dissipate the remainder in revelry and. indiscriminate donation. Schobry took great pleasure in laughing at his Austrian pursuers, and amused liimself with many practical okes at the expense of the armed force, when it was called out in consequence of some audacious act or' his. The last joke of this kind precluded his end. Dis guised as a common grazier, ho waited upon an imperial royal colonel to represent that Schobry had robbed him on a particular road, and that ho thought he could point out the brigand's den. At the same time ho went to the head of the police, and declared that he knew Schobry's hiding-place, but would consent to indicate it to the civil power only. This assurance was agree able to the police, inasmuch as a large Toward had been otfured for Schobry's apprehension. Of tho military ex pedition, led by a major and directed by Schobry's lieu tenant, four soldiers took occasion to desert, two were .suffocated in a most intricate swamp, and the rest of tho party, having lost their guide returned next day to quarters in but sorry plight. The police did not faro bettor. They w,cro to bo posted in a cavern, twelve miles' from tho' morass choson for tho niunccuvrcs of tho military, and in an opposite direction. Into the cave, it was said, Schobry would pass, unarmed and drowsy, at tho time of taking his siesta. Once upon n time this cavern bad served as a place of refuge for the Magyars when pressed by the Osmanli, and somo sixty years before Schobry was born, it har bored a formidable banditti, who were ultimately sur prised by a body of hussars, and the greater part of them executed by that modification of Lynch- law which tho Magyar oppressors call Standrecht. Of course the cavo is haunted by tho ghosts of these men, and by worse spirits yet. No peasant valuing his safety would pass near it at night, and, moreover, it lies out of the track of habitations. When, now and then, n neighboring magnate brought a party to tho cavn, twenty peasants were sent forward with torches to light up its galleries, and place a small portable bridge with iron raila over a chasm on the floor of it, which, although only nine feet wide, was said to be ninety feet in depth. The party of police, then (thirty-four persons in all), wm conveyed to tho village near the rocky ridge in tho rapidly -clrivon light carts of the country. As, in this case, each cart carried not two country people, but six armert policemen, and they went by night, they were four hdurs in reaching the appointed spot. Many of tho policemen wero old sergeants and corpnr°ls, and one among' them (whilo loadiug his rusty carbine) de clared that he had seen Schobry once, and, however he might bo dkguised, could not forget him. Schobry smiled encouragingly, and said ho was sure his memory would very soon bo tested. ' How deplorable it is,' ho added, ' that such a fellow should not only make fun habitually out of his pursuers, but that his tricks should so often bo the means of taking estimable mem bers of society, like the police, out of their proper homes and beds on cold and rainy nights.' But the police did not complain of this, for thoy bad agreed amongst each other that thero must needs bo gold and other spoils of thd banditti in the cave that Schobry watched so carefully himself of nights. There, however, was among tho party a little weaz)n faced old corporal, who eyed Schobry with sDinething of mis trust, although his senso of duo subordination had restrained him from at all hinting of suspicion to the commissary. When tho party were within a quarter of a mile of tho cave, Schobry himself proposed that ho and four men should go forward an I see that thu. coast was clear. Tho small corporal in ) tan tly volunteered for this light infantry duty. When within tho cave, Schobry turned round, and noticed that the corporal's carbine was not onlyat full-cock, but also directed' towards him from tho priming position. He affected not to notice this, and coolly went on with his ex ploration. They lighted two torches, found tho little bridge in tho upright position in which it was usually jolt wncn not wanted, nnu, as it mien into grooves on cither sido the chasm, the steady way across was soon securod. Tho five re turned, and reported all safe ; tho main body ad vanced ; tho cavo was occupied. More torches wore then lighted, and the bridge was crossed. Tho littlo corporal still kept near Schobry, scowling upon him expressii'ely. Tho s.iecial- commissary, who was leader of tho cap turing detachment, had under him two of the best spies of the Vienna police, and entertained a firm belief that ho was acting upon certain information, whilo ho sup posed that tho military detachment of whoso march he lad been secretly informed, was on a wild-goose chase. His maia. delusion, however, was, that Schobry, who had borrowed a good passport, was no victim, as he called himself, but a past member of tho band, who had somo reason for desiring to bo revenged upon its chief. Schobry gave a squaro-bottlo of spirit3 to his next neighbour, the corporal, signed him to drink from it, and pass it round. Then addressing himself to the head functionary, said, ' Gracious Lord-Commissary, it is now scarcely six o'clock, and wo will lio in wait ; for he never comes to his lair, in that corner, until past eleven. I will take you to a flanking gallery of the cavern, where the torches can neither be seen nor smelt ; your worthy suito can then rest nnd take somo refreshment, until tho sentinels you havo so wisely posted near the entranco give the sigual to us.' The commissary, evi dently disturbed at the information that the cave had so many ramifications, gave the order to explore the passage indicated. Again the littlo corporal wont as a volunteer upon the service, for ho was really brave, and restlessly suspicious. Tho others began to prepare them selves for case and repose, when tho advanced guard re turned with the announcement of a remarkablo discov ery. Schobry, and certainly not less than thirty of his followers, must have boon disturbed while feasting there upon the previous day, becauso a table had been dis covered spread with all kinds of good meat and wine. Instant was tho rush of moo. eager to verify this state ment. Subordination put quite out of the question, the commanding commissary only ordered his band to be seated^ and to make tho best uso of the knives and forks thoy found. To savo appearances, and preserve duo respect for his own dignity, he took tho head of the table nnd began to carve. After an hour's time Sehobry and his adherent the corporal were almost tho only sober people of tho party. Then said the bandit to his double, in a confidential tone, ' This really is going too far ; there is nothing but wine and spirits on tho table— no water to mix with it. I will take these two jugs — you cau carry tho two others ; wo had better fill tliem at tho tank close by.' Now it was evidently tho corporal's plan to do anything together with tho guide ho was mistrusting, but not to allow that gentle man to pass out of his sight, Schobry accordingly led tho way, filled tho four pitchers, and signed lii.i com panion to take up his share. Tho latter stooping low, obeyed, and at the instant turned a summerset across them. Before ho was well on his feet again, Schobry, who had helx-od him across the pitchers with a sudden kick, had crossed the chasm, and drawn after hiin tho bridge. Tito. shouts of tho botrarcd re-echoed through tho winding vaults, and, before Schobry reached the cavern's mouth, a ball from the corporal's carbine whizzed near his head. As to tho outside sentinels, they had been gagged, pinioned, and oarried ofl' by the banditti long before. Tho next thing to be done was to prevent tho carts from travelling back to their starting-point, and giving an alarm. Schobry, therefore, walked back to them; and was met by tho two police-officers in charge of the waggon train and several of tho drivers, who eagoi-ly inquired what the report of fire-arms signified ? The answer was: 'Tho object for which I brought the party hero has been attained ; wo are now going across country to Nagy-Solopschek with our prisoners. The special-commissary and I havo therefore resolved that you should go thore by tho road, and wait in tho town for us. You aro afterwards to give your horses plenty of corn and twenty-four hours' rest. There will also be allowed to each man ono florin a day boyond tho pay agreed for.' As Schobry had been seen by all those men to direct everything concerning the expedition, no doubt was raised as to his authority, nnd there was the. less murmur in yielding to it, becauso he confirmed it by giving to tho elder policeman a small bag of zwan zigers on account of subsistence-money. Now, the town of Nagy-Solopschek was fully nine German miles off, and it was plain that no alarm could be raised at head-quarters for tho next four days, during which timo tho special-commissary and his rotinue would have an ample opportunity of sleeping off their wine, aud laying in their rheumatism. Whether they would have any food left, or any torch-light by which to seek for tho fatal tank, were considerations that did not trouble the planner of this vagabond's revenge. It was not, how ever, his purpose that tho imperial and royal function aries* and their troop should die of hunger or despair ; so he wrote, on tho third day, by a village-post, to say that tho whole party had joined Schobry's band, and was inhabiting the famous cave. The consternation of authorities may be conceived. Threo companies of regular-infantry were sent to capturo the polico, and in that manner thoy were rescued. This jest proved serious in its results. Estafettos galloped in all directions; such vigorous measures were adopted both in villages and towns, that danger grew imminent. Under tho urgent necessity of removing as far as possible from the scene of his exploits, Schobry went to Sirmiu, in a close carriage accompanied by two of his most faithful follow ers nttired as servants. He is said to have buried, onthis occasion, n sum of six thousand four hundred ducats, and jewellery of great value, somewhere near Vouko var. His first notion was, to cross the Saava, and take refuge in Sorvia until he could escape to a seaport, for he was convinced that his old trade was broken up. Tho vigilance of quarantine establishments, and of the military police on tho frontier, were, however, greatly to be dreaded, and he had also a strong disin clination to renounce his country. While he was revolving sucn considerations in nis mind, hundreds of functionaries, were at work spinning out schemes for his destruction; and the most inveterate of these was the special-commissary whom he had ex posed to ridicule. Yet this official had not been greatly to blame. It was to tho vanity of a superior authority that Iho discomfiture was duo. That officer had re ceivod an anonymous letter (the preparatory portion of tho hoax) to say that, within a certain time, a party irritated against Schobry would offer the local au-' thorities ot a place named to deliver the redoubtable bandit into their hands ; and ho hastened to tell this beforehand, and as reliable information, lost the pro vincial subordinate should subsequently take credit for original action in the case. Schobry knew very well that the Austrians like a sneak, and would put more faith in a littlo underhand meanness of tale- bearing than in any information offered to them iii more manly form. It seemed that the small corporal really had ventured to hint his suspicions ; but tho eomnissary checked tbe expression of them by saying, ' 3 know who and what he is, quite well.' The corporal was, of courso, no way behind the commissary in zeal for revenge. Now in a small garrison town of the Austrian mili tary frontier, there was an imperial-royal lieutenant of infantry between twenty and five-and-twenty ycar3 old, with a monthly stipend of twenty-six florins (paid in bank or state-paper, which is usually at a heavy dis count), less certain deductions. There was the daughter of a small employe, endowed only with good looks, household knowledge, arid an inordinate love of dress nnd ornaments. Let her bo called Julia Petravits, daughter of the worthy post- officer at Semliu, who himself enjoyed a salary of eight hundred florins a-year for the discharge of his troublesome duties, and for the support of his mother, wife, and seven children. Two such persons are liablo to suffer disappointment in tha means of marrying, and upon this head it is needful to explain a certain Austrian military regulation. No 1 Austrian lioutenant in the regular army can receive the imperial permission to marry, unless he, his betrothed, or others on their behalf, can deposit a sum equal to about six hundred pounds sterling. The interest of this capita is paid to tho spouses, and it ultimately forms a fund for the widow's pension in case of the husband's death. Captains and field-officers must furnish proportionately larger sums, if they are not too old to wish for this manner of settlement in life. Now, unhappily, neither Lieutenant Waimerstein nor Julia Petravits had the remotest chance, in the ordinary courso of provision or inheritance, of ever being able to compass a twentieth part of the required sum. They had danced together at tho Golden Angel, and were irretrievably in love. A relative, who'had cirried on n lucrative business as an apothecary at Gnllntz, wns applied to, nnd would willingly havo responded favorably to the appeal ; but he had married a poor Greek girl, thirty-ftvo years younger than himself, nnd sho was threatening to di vorce him, nnd to have his property sequcsterod, if ho gave more than twenty-five ducats towards Julia's hap piness. Poor Julia cried for six hours after receiving with the money this qualified refusal ; after which she went out and spent moro than half the ducats upon va rious coquettish articles of dress, as if bent upon driv ing Warmorstein totally mad with admiration. The remainder would have been dissipated in tho same way noxt morning, but that a bright (and as sho fancied original) thought struck her during tho sleepless night which intervened. By putting two florins each time on threo numbers in tho Lotto, which was, providen tially, drawn at Temeswar every ton days, a terno would be formed, entitling the holder to nine thousand six hundred florins. She took the number according with her own ago, fifteen : the age of her infantry adjrer, twenty- iour ; and their united ages, thirty nine. Could thero be a prettier terno seoco than num bers fifteen, twenty-four, thirty-nine ? Fortuno must be the most unfeeling jade in existence, if she failed to favor so sweet a combiiiatioii. Nothing wns_ more simple than tho appropriation of tho gains — florins six thousand ; for the caution-money would be forwarded to Vienna, by the paternal post, without an instant's delay; and thenthoro would remain, from the produce of tho terno secco, upwards of threo thousand florins towards tho expenses of n first, establishment, after having allowed for a present to hor parents uqual to their yearly income. The first drawing was an actual scandal, if not an in dividual insult. Tho littlo strip of paper from the col lector announced one, seven, fifty-nine, sixty-eight, eighty-eight, as tho fivo numbers drawn from tho wheel, containing littlo scrolls marked from ono to ninety inclusive. 'What!' exclaimed Julia, ' these numbers nro actually abmrd ! Thoy represent nothing but infancy and old age.' In tho next drawing, her own age and tho united ages wore indeed drawn, but not the lover's age ; so nothing was got by that, except a sort of prospect pro mise of improvement. At length tho sacred fund, as well as a pair of earrings, had been devoted to the god dess Fortune of Temoswar. As a climax of evil destiny, the regiment was ordered off, aud bound to march within a week or two. Warmersteinbecanjo a slave to platoon preparations. Upon tho morning of n magnificent tropicnl day in August, tho disconsolate Julia strolled, with her younger sister, to those celebrated heights from whence Belgrade had been bombarded. Little K'atinka col lected wild flowers, and pensive Julia sat on tho soft moss, gazing unconsciously upon the Danube and the minarets of tho Turkish city, when she suddenly dis covered that tho dark oyos of a stranger were upon her tearful face. Ho wa9 handsomely dressed, and the fin gers cf his ungloved hand wore covoral with rings, according to the Hungarian fashion of all times. Ho raised his foraging-cap from his head, and respectfully addressed some inqniries as to the topography, in a German so accentuated and cadoncod that there could bo no doubt as to the Magyar origin of the speaker. In her innocenco of worldly conventionalities, and in courtesy to a stranger, Julia answered all his questions with the grace and intelligence that belonged to her. Besides, he appeared to bo qu'te an old man, and she' was not alone with him, for she had beckoned Katinka to hor side. Tho manner of the stranger seemed to be so sympathising, that she ended by recounting every portion of her simple history. The stranger's interest was manifested by a promise that if Julia would meet him in tho same place, on the following day, ho would bo able to give her good ndvice, only sho must say nothing to her parents. At tho appointed hour the parties mot with increased interest, and spoke as con fidentially as if they had known each other for years. At length the Hungarian said, ' Dear child ! your hope of happiness shall not bo lost for tho matter of a few thousand florins. I will supply them, but have not the moneyhere. By all that is solemn,' (ho signed him self with the cross), ' if you come to this spot at nine o'clock on. the morning of the twelfth of next month, I will put tho bank-notes into your hand, asking nothing of you iii return but a parting kiss, and a promise that you will not any longer think ill of Schobry, because I am Schobry.' Julia was at homo moro silent than over. She told the lieutenant that sho had n hope still ; and he con cluded it to bo something as ^promising as tho possible terno ; so ho smoked his pipe, nnd trusted that the quarters ho was moviug to might briug hina more sub stantial luck. i Having examined tho bills of the Danube and of tho Saava, in caso of flighflbecoming unavoidable, Schobry proceeded, unsuspectcM, in his handsome equi- i page to Stuhlweissenberg, whflc he had appointed to meet ono of his agents, wholhad extensive means of knowing whnt wns going on Mn tho camp of hostile polico and military cohorts. ^Tho accounts were any thing but reassuring ; the vfflolo country was raised ; minute descriptions of his person circulated everywhere ; and particular instructions had been sent to tho com mandants along the military frontier ; consequently, Voukovar, Peterwardein, Mitrovitzo, and Semlin,wore tho most dangerous places to which ho could go. It was proposod that he should remain quiet in the Tran sylvanian mountains. His recent visit to Voukovar had by somo means become known to tho authorities a few hours nfter ho quitted ; nnd if he had not, by mero nccidont, taken a cross country track, he wonld have boon intercepted'. Yet, after learning all this and more, his confidant was dismayed at hearing him say, in his firmest and most deliberate tone, ' I shall bo obliged to go to Voukovar and Essig, and I shall bo obliged to go to Semlin, or close to it.' A good dis guise and a new passport adapted to the travesty, en abled him to do as ho pleased at Voukovar, where tho police wero off their guard, little expecting a fresh visit so soon aftor a hot pursuit. But on the frontier all the public guardians wore on the alert, and they have often penetrated masqueradings that passed undiscovered : even in Vienna. It is said that Schobry went from Voukovar to some part of the Baitqhka country,. or to the Banat, on his way to Semlin, quito alone. In the , small hostelries on the road he ofton heard himself spoken of, and quite as often spoko of himself. Ono ; evening he arrived (after losing his way to a farm house, whero he had a friend), wot and weary, at a vil lage inn, and went to bed at once ; merely lighting a candle, drinking a tumbler of wine in the common room, and ordering his supper to be brought to him a couple of hours later. But that lighting of a canulo was the extinguishing of his own life. The little cor poral, his restless foe since the adventure of the cavo, was there among the smokers, and instantly set oft' to tell the commander of troops in the village who the new guest was at tho villago inn. Tho captain, a cau tious old Kaiserlich, made full inquiry beforo he de cided upon his course. It was known that Schobry always wont well nrmed ; and tho point of skill was, therefore, to take him alive, without ginng him a chance of killing one of his assailants. . The innkeeper, (Oj docile Saxon, whoso discretion ciuldbo trusted), as well as tho battalion-surgeon, were called to tho captain's quarters. There it was arranged that a bottle of a superior kind of red wine should bo drugged, and supplied, at half-past seven o'clock, to Schobry with his supper; aftorwards twonty men, under a lieutenant, wero to rush into tho room with loaded muskets and fixed bayonets ; theoo were to bind Scbobry as ho slept under tho influence of tho narcotic. The corporal volunteered to onter first, bearing a torch. As he sat down to suppor, Schobry observed to the innkeeper's wife (who waited on him, knowing nothing of his quality, and his impending fate) that he never beforo felt such gloomy forebodings, and requested her to be extremely careful that night against fire, as thero was so much wood in the building of tho house, and he had noticed that the room next his was full of flax Tho woman replied that she herself was very nervous about fire, and always walked through tho house with a lantern beforo going to rest for tho night. He drank about half tho wine, and must have 'taken with it a sufficient over-dose of opium. Beforo tho supper was removed, he reverted to tho subject of fire, observing that if such a misfortune wore to occur, he could savo, at any rate, himself, tho windows of the room being only a couple of feot from tho ground. Ho littlo knew that ho was already watched through those windows by the eight eyes of four sentinels, and tho two eyes 9 f tho small corpor.il, who helped to watch until the ban dit was in bed, and had put out the candlo. All was ready at midnight for tho capture. Tho door had been gently opened, and the victim's hard breath ing was heard. Tho corporal entered with his torch, and Sehobry either started up, or uttered a cry in his sleep. Contrary to their original orders, four soldiers fired at him from the doorway, ami three of their balls told. According to some accounts, Schobry was killed 011 the instant, and his dead body exposed noxt day to the terror of ill-doers ; whilo another version i.s that, bsing only wounded, ho was executed publicly after a brief trial. Under the pillow of tho bed in which he slept, n square packet was found, and upon the Wood stained cover there was something written. The contents were six Vienna bank-notes (at ono of those rare periods 11 en these wore at par) for ono thousand florins each, n twenty notes of one hundred florins. It is not known who received that treasure ; but it certainly did not reach Julia Petravits. So tho lovers did not marry, nnd were miserable ever after. 