REVIE W S. COALITION Or INTERESTS NOT TIlE UNITY or TIlC FAITs : A Review of the union negotiations between the Synod of Victoria and the Free Presbyterian Synod of Victoria, by Rev. Arthur Paul, Free' Presbyterian Church, St Kilda. Melbourne: Wilson, Mac kinnon, & Fairfax, 1850, pp. 26. CONTROVERSIALISTs in Victoria seem to know what they ought to do when they have anything to say of a sectional or sec tarian character. Instead of intruding on the pages of a political Journal an abridged or imperfect statement of their case, they take the necessary time, and occupy the required space, and send forth their sentiments in a pamphlet form. If the present absurd postal regulations did not impede the circulation of such produc tions by an exorbitant charge, we should have them flying about in every direction, and for the general delectation of the public. A newspaper, whatever its size, p:sses through the post-office free, and the policy is a sound one which thus promotes the diffinsion of intelligence; a letter of half an ounce weight is only subject to a charge of fourpeoce, while a tract of two ages, not weighing a quarter ounce, is le to a charge of sixpence. It is of little advantage that this I'e covers up to four ounces, as the object is to circulate single copies at a trifling charge. If printed pamphlets were charged one penny or twopence per ounce they would be spread abroad more widely. aIr. Paul's brochure is well reasoned, and clearly put It amounts to this : that a union of the Free Church and tihe Established Church would simply be like Dr. Chalmers and his compeers marching back to their manses, and stlpends, and pulpits, letting by-gones be by-gones, and allowing things to remain as they were before they retired. Mr. Paul re masrks The two bodies no longer keep house together, and the difference between them is so great that the one cannot touch the emoluments of the State at the sacrilegious price which the other pays for them. And then proceeds Taking this as a correct expression of the dissidence between the two Churches, it is a question, now, what conditions arenecessary to reconcile them. On this point it will be of some use to quote the opinion of Dr. Chalmers. If any one man more than an other may be regarded as tise father of the Free Church of Scotland, it is unquestion ably he. And as if the providence of God had been ordered so as to confound the envious insinuations of pretentious egotism, Dr. Chalners' noblest confession of the Free Church faith, was given before a committee of the British House of Commons, a few days only before hiis death. We quote ques tion and answer as given in the Parliamen tary report,--tho questions being put by tie lion. Fox Maule, now Lord Paossure, himself a steady adherent and consistent ollce-bearer of the Free Church of Scotland. "Q. If that be so, is there any prospect of a re- uanlon taking place between the Free Church and the Established Church? "A. I amt afraid not In the way of a re union. I think that a restoration is possible, but not in the way of a re-union between the two bodies,-that is, between the Free Church and the Established Church. " Q. You say that a restoration is pos sible ? " A. Yes: but if I were to state the pro cess, it would appear, I fear, so extravagant, that I have not the slightest hope of its being at present brought about. We must, of course, provide for tihe perfect integrity of our own ecclesiastical principles; and I do not see how that can be done, except by the Legislature adopting tihe Free Churchi as the Establishment, and then leave us to deal with tihe ministers of the Established Church as so many ecclesiastical delinquents who have forsaken their original principles. I dare say that we should be very mild and indulgent in dealing with them, so far as was consaistent with our principles. I state this in answer to your questionI but at the sanme time, I have not the slightest hope tlhat it is a measure which will soon be carried out ...... If there was such a resolution of the Legislature come to, I would venture to say, that there should be no such thing as an instant deprivation of tie cmoluments of office of any individuals, but they should be left to die out, and when a parish was vacant, it should be filled up by a licentiate of the Free Church; and in that way there would be a substitution of a Church with its original principles, for a Chorcs wilth its altered principles." blemoirs, vol. iv., appendix. Again, If tie prinlciples of tihe two Victorian Synods be those of the Free Church of Scotland and tihe Established Church respec. tirely, there can be no more unity predica. ted of tihe Colonial Synods thsas of their Ihome originals. Thie opinion of Dr. Chal liers as to tihe impracticabllity of a reunion between tite Ithome churches will apply here in all its force. The opinion of the writer is that it does so apply. To quash the con troversy between tile two bodies is to smother truth. To unite, leaving it an open question, is to call thie wound a part of the body-is to call the branch a part of thue wall. What is truth at home is true here also, and the controversy, too impor Itnnt to subside llto silence, Is shut up into the inqsiry whether one part Ihas becomeno a convert to the other. Coalition being excluded, conversion is clearly the alter Instive of unions If' conversion is not pre tended, then coalition of interests is the grave of truth. In which of these two sihnpes lishas tile questlonable spirit of union ?olSo. Conversru n and coarilmon, these are the two extremes of the question. Mr. Paul's prllinciples are sountd, atnd his logic iaexorahle. BRAnBUAW's Gurns Tq VICTORIA AND ADJACENT C?orownes:0No. 9; January, 1857\. Melbourne, Wilson, Mackin non, and Fairfax; Launceston, F. G. Spicer; Hobart Town, Walsh and Son. Price Od. Tares is a cheap and now an essential monthly sixponnyworth for men of busi ness in all the colonies. We have spoken so fully of the value of this little work on former occasions that we need only say that with the January number a litho graphic map of Victoria is published,. and in future a monthly diary of important events will be given, with ship and steam. pocket Information arranged in a tabular form. TI?e CiIuncs, TIIE STATB, AND TIER WoaD : their Duties and Claims. B1y Joseph Taylor. Melbourne, Wilson, lMackinnon,and Fairfax; pp. 36. Tins is the handywork of an estimable man, to whom the question of Church and State is a novelty, and who withthoappear ance of seeking tile truth simply arrives at a foregone conclusion. His definition of a church will not be disputed by any who accept the Scriptures as a standard. Wherever a body of sincere Christians may be found, conscientioasly endeavouring to act up to their belief, there Irecognize the church. We are taught to believe that "the sacrifices of God are a broken spirit," and that tile body of each one of us may be made " the temple of the IHoly Ghost." If, then, In one man it be possi ble to find a sacrifice and a temple, it is not speculative theory to assert "that when two or threa are met together" we see the church in its truest sense. The following passage, however, is open to exception The true church, however, must recog nizo Christ as Its head ; but in roe forence to its mode of worship, its forms, cero monies, discipline, and government, it matters comparatively little what they may be, or whether they harmonise the closest with the particular views and cherished notions of the followers of Cephas, Apollos, or of Paul. We have yet to learn that these are of little importance, or that Peter, Apollos, and Paul differed on the subject. "Tile legislature and the executive" he regards as the State. We dispute the assumption that in other than lax lanauage any nation is "a Christian country, and we think facts patent to all disprove the supposition. Neither the bulk of the people in England nor any of her colonies are Christian In the Scriptural sense of the term, and the mistake has made terrible work where practically recognised as a fact. The early history of some of the American provinces ought to have settled that point. A Christian government, any more than a Christian state, must be a Utopia till the millenium. But Mr. Taylor shall speak for himself on the third topic. ily " the World" then, I mean those of my fellow-colonists who are not real members of the Church. Some, andI fear there are many, may dishelieve in Christianity at all, whilst others give thl e li to their profession by re ceiving the form, buet virtually denying the power. "Confusion worse confounded" follows. The next extract is a beautiful specimen of pelitio principii. It begs or assummes the wholo question: learing lit mind that as, in our several and various relations, we profess to be essentialy Christian, we must reinember that the Now Testament being acknowledged at once as our standard and guide, our laws mout be framed in accordance with its precepts, and our actions end conduct be consistent with our faith. The claims, then, of "the World "to which 1 haove referred, arethose of a child on its parent. "Tithe State" is its guardian and father i "the Church" is its nursing mother. The claims, therefore, which a famishing man has upon the whole race in virtue of his common humanity, the spiritually destitute man has upon the Church of Christ, it virtue of the one great sacrifice offered up for the sins of tilhe whole world. Church and State should be indissolubly united- interwoven and wedded one with ano ther. The church may exist alone and even flourish, but it will be only like green onsrs scattered over the wilderness of the world. God acts by human agency and earthly means, and although miracles have been wrought to prove His supremnecy and leify His power, yet these being accomplished and their end attained, it is left to the church to carry on the work. The rule of falth and the path of duty having been clearly defined, it Isa left to the church to evangeliso and teachi-to the State and the World to receive and support. Admit this, and farther discussion is surplusage. If it is the duty of a state to support, is is also its duty to suppress. In countries where Mahomuuedanlsnt prevails as the favored faith, it is the duty of the state to support it; and the same may be said of every other form of idolatry or any imaginable phase of atheism. "Crush the wretch" was the expression of Voltaire; and his country, on the principles of Mr. Taylor, was right when iat made the attempt and deilfed Reason in tile person of a courtezan. Mr. Taylor may be horrified, but as we proceed in his pampllh let, we discover the very essence ofsocialism in his scheme. lie doubtless holds the extreme of this system in detestation, but all his plausible pleading leads it this directiot. Tie following may be taken as a sample: The advocates for Statonid, whilst admitting the individual responsibility resting on the membeors of every rongregation to administer, if possible, to the temporel necessities of their reeognised spiritual Instructor, are of opilnion that poverty, Indifference, or absolute disinali. nation will often so militate against his ilterests and rights, that f eft llentirely dependent otn his people, he may sotmetimes, so tiar as they are concerned, hb in positive need of even his daily broad. In order to guard against such n munn slrous contingency, it las beeoon thought that an annual grant romn tilhe public reveonu for goane ral religious purposes might be sa appropriated as to place ministers of the gospel above the reanch of starvation or want, but yet for them not to be altogether independent of the con gregation over whom they may have beoon ap pointed to preside. lie has before asserted it is the duty of the church to evangelise the world, but by enlisting the state in thie work, instead of conferring an advantage oni the former, lhe deprives it of a privilege. lie Slthn indulges il a tissue of absrld lnosensce, and talks as follows:-a " We are, in a general sense, children of the state"-that is, we ore our own tfaithlers and nlmotihers, and we are descendanlts of ourselves I Again ho says It is argued that a church should suplport itself ; slould he altogether independent of the secular power I and that. if truth be worthll anything, it is wortlh lleiurrlng somle expense Into obtaiil. To this I reply, show iln a a cenllgregnl. tion of troe Christiians; minc possessitg niei lhert and one mindl, and I freely admnit that they, If possible, would be n barlhun to ino ne;1 tiey wotld be anxious to give rathier than ro. calvt bill, es our churches, Ippularly so called, contaii wiithin them very much of tle secular elemont, in the shape of mere formalism, for such an assmbly.to advocate In its entireness the prnalcploo elsupprt is as muccto.do. pond on the " arm o flesh" and the "mammon of unrighteousneos," slfthoeyrecolvedaid direct from the governing power. If, however, the true members of the church, In such a congre gation, be alone called upon to support their ministor, I fear they would be too anxious "to keep back part of the price." Much of the same sort of reasoning follows, as if the Author of Christianity and his apostles had not decided the ques tion at issue." The author dOes not appear to be aware that he dethrones the Re deemer and sets up Mr. Joseph Taylor in his place as much better acquainted with what ought to be done. Christ has enforced a duty on his church which, if faithfully performed, will bring a blessing-which, if notdone, will leave a blank a and bitter. Mir. Taylor thinks it would be far prefer able if the state and the world were enlisted to relieve the church. This obliquity of view is to be traced to an over estimate of the power of money. Chris tlanity could get on very well without money at all, and whatoveris really wanted is sure to be forthcoming. Certainorgani zations, unscriptural in their character and pernicious in their influence, misnamed Christlan, may stand in great nt?ei" of pecu niary help from other sources I?.ide the church of Christ, but this ceunot be affirmed of Christ's own institutions. ;The fallacy is, that he would encumber the church with secular help, which wants not the armour of the warrior, but to be ef fective only requires the sling and the smooth stone from the brook to lay low the Philistine. Mr. Taylor has much to read and many things to think of before he can be of material use in this controversy. There Is a short cut to the truth. Let him study the Noew Testament, and if he abide hyits precepts and the practice it inculcates he will entertain opinions very different from those he now professes to hold. TIsE LETTBrs OF AMseRICAN on the projected Rallroads and the Public ands of Tasmania. Hall, Brothers, Hobart Town, 1856: pp. 41. This pamphlet professes to smash rail roads, and can scarcely be said "to show a more excellent way." Cross roads are highly important, but the construction is still an unsettled point. When the net expense of forming a macadamised road and the cost of its annual repair are taken Into account, a plank road or a wooden tramway Isworth consideration in a country where timber abounds and hardwood is available. There is much that is sound mingled with much that is unsound in what American advances on the land question. Th echief aim should be to fix families on soilof their own from which they must make a living better or worse, and the object is gained. Land for nothing or land at a fixed price, immediately available, Is what is wanted. It matters little which scheme is adopted, if twenty shillings an acre be the maximum, and the sections do not ex ceed 100 acres. There is capital, there Is laud, and the third and indispensable in gredient essential to productiveness is population. It is population that will pay taxes and yield the revenue required for the support of the state. If the acquisition of land by bona fide settlers be facUlitated, all will be well: if not, not. And that is an epitome of a sound policy respecting the unappropriated soil. 