THE " SEA SERPENT" IN HOT WATER. (From tbe Cape Monitor, 15th April.) No less than three Eastern editors have been in hot pursuit after that slimy and evidently " slippery" marine monster 'yclept the Sea Serpent. Since that snaky leviathan of the deep left Table Bay some time ago, — and off which Bay it was said to have been seen from a "Green" Point, it bas, on dit, been agitating the waters of Algoa Bay, in which it sought a " harbour of refuge, and the Port Elizabeth editors have experienced much trouble and vexa tion of spirit concerning tbe fabulous mon strosity. First, we are favoured with an account of the capture of the Sea Serpent, which the Port Elizabeth Mercu/ry sets before its readers as a " dainty dish" in the following terms : — The - Sea Serpent—" We have the honour of being the first to chronicle the landing of that wonderful creatnre, which has for so many years occupied the specu lations of philosophers and men in general. Hitherto this extraordinary creatnre has baffled tbe attempts of every person to se cure it, and tbe transitory glimpses of it which have been obtained from time to time have cast a shadow of doubt and suspicion upon its existence, so that even our most scientific philosopher of tbe day, Professor Owen, bas gone tbe length t6 declare that no such creature could possibly exist. This should teach even the most profound to hesitate before they attempt to dogmatise upon any subject. We do not wish to be personal in our remarks, but our contem porary of the Telegraph may, perhaps, re collect some parties on whom the cap may fit. Having premised this much, v- we hasten to , lay such undoubted particulars before tbe public as have been furnished to us. During tbe week Mr. Capper, the proprietor of the Sunday River Ferry, was informed by some coloured people residing on his farm, near Cape Padrone, that an immense fish had been cast ashore in the neighbourhood of that cape. Mr. C. at once proceeded to the spot, calling at Mr. New- come's on'tbe way, who accompanied him thither. On arriving at the locality indi cated they discovered that this report was perfectly, correct, but that, instead - of "its proving to be a fish they were astonished to find a creatnre with a long Berpent-like body, about from 80 to 90 feet in length ; tbe head, possessing the properties of the reptile species, was enormous ; the month was furnished with a formidable row of serrated teeth on both jaws, which when closed dovetailed the one into the. other. Finding that decomposition was already taking place, and that it would be impos sible to secure, the whole in a perfect state, Mr. Capper and Mr. Newcome proceeded at once to . sever the head from the body to preserve it. The head was then placed1 upon a wagon and taken to a neighbouring house, where it now remains. To give our readers an idea ; of the size .of this monster, we may mention that it was as much as ever the :waggon could do to contain the head. Of course it was impossible to arrive at the trne cause of tbe animal's death, but if one might judge from sundry marks dis covered on the head, the creature must have met its death from some blow or blows. As to the truth of these statements the public will shortly have an opportunity of judging for themselves, as Mr. Capper intends to bring in tbe bead and tbe skele ton of the body at an early opportunity. Meanwhile we would caution our Cape friends from taking as gospel the many re ports that will be spread about. They may rely, however, upon our faithfully fur nishing them with the fullest and "most correct particulars in our next issue. We trust, also, to be able to "accoinpany such account with a drawing of tbe remains. -The name of Port Elizabeth will hence forth be famous1 in history as the spot where this wonderful animal was first cap tured.'! . Well, the above looks very well on pa per, but it fails to convin'cie the world that the Sea Serpent' is a " great fact," bow inucb soever the Eastern editors may squb- ble over" its remains. The Port Elizabeth Herald rakes the Mercury for having spoken without seeing, at the same time taking credit, of course, for its own power of vision, and thus swears by its editorial pen that it has had ochlar demonstration : ' Our contemporary the Mercury en- ultingly boasts that he is the first to chron icle the fact of the capture of the great sea- serpent. Will he allow ns to whisper in his ear that'what Ae wrote was on hearsay from Mr. Gubb, who spoke on hearsay from Mr. Capper. We write of what we have seen.— With our own eyes we have beheld the monster now snugly moored in our Bay. The Bize exceeds the description of the Mercury, and something of the ca pacity of the animal may be conceived when we inform our readers that we have seen huge casks, and other like articles taken without breakage from tbe stomach of this monster. . Like the Yankee's Boa- Constrictor, the sea-serpent from what we hays seen seems to ' swallow its wittels whole.' Sight-lovers should visit Port Elizabeth at the present time." This is not a bad joke on tbe part of the Herald ; it is a good bit of sly humour, alluding, as it doubtless does, to the vessel named the Sea Serpent in Algoa Bay at the . time. But why tbe Herald should .wish to' decoy visitors to Port Elizabeth to see nothing more than ordinary we are at a loss to imagine, save and except that it is for. I he purpose of driving a trade a la Barnum, Perhaps this might suit the Herald better than politics just now. Although the dispute as above recorded is "a very pretty quarrel as it stands," yet, the Port Elizabeth Telegraph must needs step in and interfere. It falls foul of its contemporary the Mercury with the serpen l"-like venom, as 'though it were arguing the tender point of Separation," and it disbelieves the : story altogether of the separation of the monster's, head -from- : its (tail, end the Riling of a waggon with its head, which, by the way, is more than the Mercury could do with its own brains. Be this as it may,' however, the sensitive Telegraph alludes as follows to the whole affair : " We have heard of men, with a view to promote the interests of science, leaving their bodies for the dissecting knife, but whoever heard of such a disinterested thing as has taken place on our own shores with in the past few dayB ? While the world of scientific men were fretting themselves to death to know whether there was such a creature as a sea serpent at all, and if there were, what class of animated nature did it belong to, — lo, and behold, out of pure re gard to science, the docile creature comes during the past week and quietly lays down on our shores and gives up the ghost." Eor to suppose that Dr. Bieard's shots would kill a creature such as this is absurd. Such an instance . of intelligence and of devotion to the interests of science in one of the lower animals, we believe to be unparalleled in tbe hiBtory of tbe world. Who does not recognize here, in a remark able manner, tbe wisdom of a serpent ? What will Professor Owen say to this ? We trust that our contemporary of tbe Mercury has sent to that distinguished naturalist a copy of last week's paper. We have no doubt that tbe description of t e serpent therein contained will find a place in tbe future archives of all the cele brated anatomical and other museums in tbe world. Only to think of the creature being " not a fish" after all. but a " creature with a long serpent body !" Then what a cheek ! and what a length of jaw I We feel that tbe editor must have had pretty considerable " cheek" to put in the report, to say nothing of the length of " jaw" of the friend who gave him the in formation. Bnt what are these to the cheek and jaw of the monster ? To give our readers, says our contemporary, an idea of the size of this monster, we may mention that it was as much as ever' the waggon could da to contain the head!! Only' thinx of Mr. Capper and his friend lifting such a cheek and jaw as this into the wag gon and taking it home to place in spirits of wine ! Nothing, by-the-bye, is said of the animal's " swallow." We are told that tbe mouth was furnished with a formidable row of serrated teeth on both jaws which; when closed, dovetailed the one into the other, and that the head possessed the pro perties of the reptile species. Now, we believe that some animals have a large swallow, as well as great power of jaw, while others have considerable jaw and but a small power of swallow, as for instance tbe whale. It becomes, therefore, import ant that tbe editor of the Mercury, as he bas undertaken to give to the world from time, to time an accurate description of tbe creature; should ascertain this point. In the meantime we must beg to refuse to " swallow" all our contemporary ha3 writ ten — if he will forgive us the vulgar use of the word — and shall wait to derive from ocular demonstration the knowledge which this sagacious creature evidently intended by 'dying to afford to all." Thus lias the Sea Serpent been disposed of for tbe present. The modern Mark An tony in the form of the personal Port Eli zabeth Mercury has delivered a flaming oration over the dead body of a slimy ma rine Cae3ar ; therefore we will say of this mutilated sea monster — requiescat in pace — until it shall turn up again — head or tail — in some other quarter to astonish the natives. The Knightsbmdge and Pimxjco Church Cases. — The final judgment of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Coun cil was delivered on the appeals in these cases on th'e 21st of March by the Right Hon. Pemberton Leigh. Their lordships affirmed the judgments of the courts below requiring tbe removal of tbe stone altar, with its stone cross standing between two moveable candlesticks, upon the ground that it was not, as it ought to have been, a communion-table in tbe ordinary accepta tion of tbe term ; and forbidding tbe use of embroidered linen and lace. Their lordships, however, amid expressions of disapproval on the part of the audience, reversed the judgments of the courts below as far as they forbade the use of crosses and credence tables. Their lord ships held that the former were used as ornaments of. churches from the earliest period of Christianity, and might still he lawfully erected ; and as to the latter, the following reasons were given in the judg ment for the continuance of the credence tables : — " The rubric directs that at a certain point in the course of the commu nion service (for this is, no doubt, tbe trne mieaning of the rubric) the minister Bhall place tbe bread and wine on the commu nion table, but where they are to be placed previously is nowhere stated. In practice they are usually placed on tbe communion table before the commencement of the ser vice, but this certainly is not according to the order prescribed. Nothing seems to be less objectionable than a small side-table, from which tbey may be conveniently reached by tbe officiating minister, and at the proper time transferred to tbe commu nion table." Each party to" pay their own costs. — Home News. 