FATAL RESULT OF PERSONATING A GHOST. A long investigation took place at Greenhill- lane, near Alfreton, on Monday afternoon, January 5, before Mr Busby, one of the co- roners for Derbyshire, touching the death of Robert Mitchell, agricultural laborer, aged 15 years, the son of Joseph Mitchell, who died on Friday se'nnight, from the effects of fright. The deceased was a healthy intelligent lad, and used to work with his father in the fields. He had been in the habit for about a fortnight past, after leaving his work at 5 o'clock in the evening, to go from Mrs Flint's, where he and his parents lodged, to the farmhouse of Mr Day at Roby-fields, near Alfreton, for milk. The deceased and his father worked for Mr Day in Draining the land. Mr Day had two servant lads, one named John Per- cival, about 20 years of age. On Monday evening, the 15th instant, about a quarter to six o'clock, Robert Mitchell, the deceased, came as usual for the milk, and remained till between 7 and 8 o'clock. Mr and Mrs Day, Percival, Hudson, and the deceased were the only persons in the house, and telling tales about some knocks that they had been fright- ened with. Percival and Hudson had arran- ged together, unknown to the deceased, that they should play the ghost. It was agreed that Percival should take a white table cloth and put it ovar him, and stand in a close not from the house, and Hudson was to conduct the deceased to the place, and pretend to be frightened when he (Hudson) saw Percival with the sheet on, About half-past 7 o'clock Percival called Hudson out, and said he was ready. He had a white tablecloth under his arm, and he told Hudson to follow him with the deceased shortly after. In about ten mi- nutes or a quarter of an hour after this Hud- son took the deceased out of Mr Day's house and Hudson told the deceased that he would go with him to Mrs Flint's, where he lodged. They went together along the footpath in that direction. After they had got about 120 yards from Day's house Hudson saw Percival with the tablecloth over him. Hudson said, "Look, Robert, what's that?" Deceased said, "Nothing, come along." Percival, "the ghost," was then about 40 yards from them. Hudson and deceased then went on further, until they came within seven or eight yards of the "ghost," Hudson feigned a scream, and the "ghost" was standing by the stile which they had to pass through. The "ghost" then moved a yard and a half behind the stile. Deceased stood still and said, "Jack." There was no answer, and Hudson ran and hid him- self behind a tree in the hedge. Deceased went up to the stile and called, "Jack" a se- cond time. There was no answer, and de- ceased went through the stile, when Percival made a noise like a moan. Hudson was only 10 or 12 yards off, Hudson then heard de- ceased say "Is it Jack?" and there was ano- ther moan, but afterwards Percival through off his disguise, but the deceased was much terrified, and went home, and arrived there about 8 o'clock with the milk. He was "all of a tremble," looked white, and stared wildly, and on being interrogated by his father, re- lated what had occurred, though he did not believe that it was the servant-man Percival, and he could not account how he got home. Deceased ate nothing that night and went to bed, and to his work next day, but he was ceased with vomiting, and was obliged to be conveyed home, and complained of a pain in his throat. The deceased grew worse and ra- ved in his bed about what had happened, and he died on Friday, se'nnight. Mr Belcher, surgeon, attended the deceased, who, he said, was suffering from extreme nervous excite- ment. He believed death to have resulted from exhaustion, occasioned by a shock on the nervous system which he had received on the previous Monday evening. The coroner told the jury that they must be satisfied that the death arose from fright, and, if so, whe- ther it was a frolic in which all the boys were parties. If it arose from fright, the fright- ening was unlawful, and Percival would be responsible. After some deliberation, the jury returned a verdict of "Manslaughter" against Percival, who was committed to the assizes. 