.*.".- To Ute Editor of the Empire. Sro-Thero appeared in your paper of 7th instant a letlor signed " Eleotor." This individual seoms to havo been labouring undor a fit of delirium tremens or suffer- ing from indigostion when ho wrote that libel upon her. Majesty's English, otherwise it is diffioult to account for bis antipathy to every candidate for an Aldormsnio gown whoso vocation happons to bo that of a grog, seller. Perhaps, aftor all, 1 may wrong your correspon dent os his disliko to publicans may ariso from a different cause. He may, for instance, be ono of Darby Jones's invincibles who could not tolerate social in-, equality from tho fust of they being " all officers and no soldiers ;" hence, perhaps, " Elector's" ambition to raiso the sooial status of tho grog retailers to something of an analogous position to Darby's invincibles, by compelling all tho publicans to become wine and spirit importers or wholosale wino nnd spirit merchants. Whether all or oithor of theso laudable objects were uppermost in "Elector's" mind when he penned his illogical proscrip- tion against tho unfortunate grog retailers, it is diffi- cult to divino. But it rcquirosno power of divination to tell that "Elector's" reasoning powers aro of a very.in- ferior order, so much so indeed that it is questionable whether the meanest hebdomadal in tho colony could bo tompted to. publish a second effusion of a like kind. "Eleotor" commencos lils I daro soy maiden newspaper epistle, with ,tho profound enquiry of " Do you think that tho business of a publican peculiarly fits him to bo an olderman or - mayor of tho city ?" Thinking, doubt less, that no person was more competont to unswor a fool's question than tho fool himself, he replies-thom aro some who think it does not, but on the contrary is objectionable. Now, in tho namo of Darby Jones's invincibles in what ago or country did publicans olaim a peculiar qualification to tho offloo of Alderman or Mayor on aocount of their calling as retailers of grog? Indoed, " Eleotor " states that this very calling nols upon tho mind of many as o> disqualifying tost to publicans being admittod to oivio honours. Still, " Eleotor " wants to know whether the business of a publican peculiarly fits him to ho on Alderman or Mayor. Whatevor process of purification a publican way roquiro to qualify bim for tho office of Mayor, tho roaders of " Eleotor's" epistle in tho Empire of tho 7th instant will concur m opinion that it requires very littlo training to quality that genius to bo n jackass. This genius seoms to think that n publicnn, from tho nature of his calling, is open to all kind of corruption. Contractors by paying then men in a publlo-houRo could nt any timo 6eouro tho publican's voto in getting tho contractor's tender pnssed. After this, tho " Ghost of Banquo " appears suddenly beloro "Eleotor's" bewildered vision, in tho sbapo of " Bonifaco on tho Bench, sitting in judgment on tho bacchanals of his own tap." Was over such a oonspi. racy contemplated against tho sooial stability of a State ? Thon tho moral virtuous olass-foolings of this sooial regenerator rooeivo a severo shook from tho thought of o public Justice of tho Pèaoo passing sontonco upon those poor bacchanals, for a orlmo Boniface himsolf was a moral pnrtioipntor in. To oap tho ollmnx, tho Aldor roan publican is brought down from tho Benoit to tho wltnoss-hox to glvo ovidonno about n brawl that occurred in his own house, when ho is told,.(I suppose by tho ncouBod) " Your worship served tho drink." Suoh JS tho cntiro substanco of " Elootor's" logic. Who will soy ofter this that thoro is not latent talent of a high order in Now South Wales, that requires hut to bo touohod by suoh a wonderful logician ns " Eloctor," in order that its powors moy be practically brought to bear upon tho sooial reformation of colonial soolety? I will venturo to say, that before "Elootor" penned this celebrated document, ho bad no conooptlon of the power (that Uko a smothered volcano) slumbered within him soli: so truo is it that wo do not know our own powers until some passing nocossity colls forth tho .fatont onorglos of tho mind. Apologising for wasting BO rauoh of your timo and space upon so ridloulous n pro- duction ns that of " Eleotor's, ' I nm. Sir, your«, &o.;, &o;" _. ONE OJ? THE MtOSCRlBED. SydDoy, 0th April, 1857,_' SAMJ-OF THE BOYAI, HOTEL.-Thia spnolous and commodious building, which has boon for roany years regarded ns tho " flrBt hotel" in Sydney, was yesterday disposod of by private contract. The sum givon for the property wns ¿10,000 j tho purchasers wore Mossrs. Christopher Nowton nnd Co., who intend, wo bollovc, to uso tho largor portion of it ns a warehouso for their wbolosnlo business; tho remaining rooms will bo avail, ablo, as nt prosont, for pbulio purposes. INFANTICIDE.-Ah'inquest was hold on the (be 8th instant, nt tho Wellington Inn, Gcorgo-stroot, hoforo John S. Parker, Esq., Coroner, upon tho body of a fomalo child which bod boon dlBoovored lying dead in tho Government Paddock. From tba ovldonoe of Jamos Smith, Esq., M.D., it nppoarod that tho child was bora olivo, nnd flor doath was occasioned by. a pioco of tnpo being tlod tightly round hor nook. Tho jury rotutnod tho following vordiot-That tho said now born fomnlo in* font was born olive and healthy, anti arrived nt maturity, and that Its lifo wns talton'away-by strangulation, and we find tho mother guilty of wilful and doliborato mur- der. ^ 