LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. POLICE COURT. SATURDAY, May 30th. (Before Captain Battye, J.P.) Margaret Watley, charged with making use of obscene language in the public streets, was fined 20s. ; or, in default of payment, was sentenced to 1 month's imprisonment. MONDAY, June 1st. (Before Captain Battye, & R. Oakes, Esquires.) Joseph Davis, charged with having been found drunk in the public streets, was ad- monished and discharged. William Bastack, charged with having been found drunk in the public streets, was admo- nished and discharged. John Nesbitt, charged with having been found drunk in the public streets, was admonished and discharged. Ann Davis, charged with the same offence, was admonished and discharged. Mary Cooper, charged with using obscene language, was fined 10s., or. in default of pay- ment, was sentenced to 48 hours solitary con- finement. Edward Waltham, charged with making use of obscene language, was fined £5 ; or, in de- fault of payment, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment Thomas Riley, charged with the same offence, was dealt with in a similar manner. James Cripps Robinson, brought up on sus- picion of being concerned in the attack on Mrs Dutton, was remanded for 3 days. OBSTRUCTING THE POLICE IN THE EXECUTION OF THEIR DUTY Richard Kinna, was charged with using ob- scene language, and obstructing the police in the execution of their duty. Mr McIntosh appeared for the defendant. Trooper Charles Chapman sworn : whilst I was in Butler's public house, Durham-street, yesterday evening, I received some information from a Chinaman, who is cook to Mr Kinna, that he had been robbed the night before. In consequence of that information I went to Mr Kinna's and arrested Butters, the ostler, on suspicion ; Butters requested me to allow him to speak to Mr Kinna ; I told him that he might, and he went and tapped at his bedroom window ; Mr Kinna immediately opened the window and said to me "who the h — l are you?" I replied, "I am a constable." Mr Kinna then said the Butters, "Harry, don't you go with him ; don't let yourself be taken into custody ; Butters then went away into the kitchen ; I then said I would go for the Ser- geant-Major ; Kinna replied "that unless Captain Battye came he would not allow But- ters to be taken." Being unable to take Butters by myself I went down to Captain Battye and he and the Sergeant-Major came down with me, and Captain Battye took Butters from the loft where he was sleeping. Whilst doing so I heard Mr Kinna say across the yard "that it was a b — — y shame to take an innocent man ;" Captain Battye then called out to him "not to make use of such language to the police whilst in the execution of their duty ; I heard nothing more, being too far off ; the Sergeant-Major was in the yard at this time. By Mr. Macintosh : I have been only three weeks in Captain Battye's force, and am not known to Kinna. I had been at Butler's only ten minutes : had not had anything to drink during the evening. The Chinaman was talking to Mrs Butler about the robbery when I went in. He told me that he had been robbed the night before, that he had remained at Mr Kinna's since, and that he had told Mr. Kinna of it. It was merely upon the Chinaman's statement I went to arrest Butter's. I had no warrant ; Butters was in bed when I went up the first time, so was Mr. Kinna. I was in plain clothes. I consider that I am always on duty when called upon to act Mr. Kinna said that he did not know me. He did not ask me to what force I belonged, nor did he say that if I went for Serjeant M'Donald or Mr. Sherman, Butters should go. Butters was handcuffed when he was taken from the Bathurst lock-up to the one at Kelso, by the order of the Sergeant Major. Captain Battye took Mr. Kinna into custody. I am not certain whether Mr. Kinna came out of his house or not. I saw him standing at the door. He made no resistance that I saw. When Mr. Kinna told Butters not to go he refused to do so and walked into the kitchen. Captain Battye sworn : After retiring to bed last night, the last witness, the Serjeant Major, and a Chinaman came to my house and aroused me. From information I received from the Chinaman and trooper Chapman, I went down with them to Kinna's. I went up to the loft where Butters sleeps in company with Chapman. When Chapman knocked at the door ; Butters did not seem inclined lo open it. I then called out to him, and he immediately got up, and I took him into custody. Whilst Butters was dressing, Kinna came to the back door of his house and called out who'se there. The Sergeant Major, who was in the yard replied, the police. Kinna then said, where's your warrant. There was no reply. I heard Kinna then say, I'll b__y soon see whether an innocent man shall be taken. I then came down and took him into custody for making use of obscene language and obstructing the police in the execution of their duty He went down with me to the lock-up, and was bailed out about three quarters of an hour afterwards. By Mr. M'Intosh : It was merely on the Chinaman's statement and that of the trooper, that I arrested Butters ; there was no affidavit made, but the man's statement was so clear, that I felt justified in so doing ; I was on the steps leading to the loft when I first saw Kinna ; He was in his night-shirt when I arrested him ; the loft is about 50 or 60 yards from the house ; I do not know whether Butters heard what Kinna said ; Butters made no resistance to my taking him ; the charge against Butters is still pending ; Mr. M'Intosh contended that the case must be dismissed, the arrest of Butters on such informa- tion being illegal without a warrant The defendant was found guilty of inciting, Henry Butters to resist the trooper in the execu- tion of his duty, and was fined £2 Mr. M'Intosh applied for a copy of the deposi- tions. ROBBERY. Henry Butters was charged with having stolen certain monies and clothes, the property of John Davison, a Chinaman. Mr. Macintosh appeared for the prisoner John Davidson deposed as follows : I am in the employ of Mr. Richard Kinna as cook ; just before going to bed on Saturday evening, the prisoner came into my bedroom and asked me if I was going to bed. At that time there was a bundle of my clothes on the box near the head of my bed. When I went to bed I put the trousers I took off on the top of this bundle. In one of the pockets there were £21 5s and 24. also a silver watch and gold guard, three gold studs, part of a gold ring and a gold pin. There were a bunch of keys in tho pocket My boots, a pair of new wellingtons, were on the floor by the side of the bed I awoke about half-past 3 o'clock the next morning and got up ; as I was walking I kicked against something on the floor which I found was a bunch of keys. I at once lit a candle, and found that my trousers with the contents, the bundle of clothes and boots were gone. I searched about, but not finding them, I went to Mr Kinna's window and told him. He said he did'nt care, and asked me why I did not lock my door. I then asked him to put an announcement of the robbery in the paper, and I would give a reward of £50 for the discovery of the thief. Mr. Kinna said he would give £25 himself. I did not see Butters in the room except wnen I was going to bed. I did not see any one else in the room at all. Butters did not know I had the money. By Mr M'Intosh : No one know that I had the money ; I borrowed £4 from Mr. Kinna a few days ago, I told him that I had no money ; I sent £3 of that money I borrowed from Mr. Kinna away ; I saw trooper Chapman the next evening at Butler's, and told him of my having been robbed ; I did not tell him that Butters had robbed me, nor that I thought that he had, nor did I give Butters in charge when he was arrested ; I told Chapman of Butters having gone into my room just as I was going to bed. Trooper Chapman deposed as follows : In consequence of information which I received from the last witness, I went to Kinna's Inn with him and called Butters up ; when he got up I told him that I arrested him on suspicion of robbery ; he went with at first, but after speaking to Mr. Kinna refused to go ; I then went for Captain Battye and the Serjeant Major who went with me to Kinna's and arrested Butters ; I searched Butters' room but could find nothing belonging to the Chinaman. By Mr. M'Intosh : I took Butters up to the watch- house by Captain Battye's orders ; I heard the chinaman make a statement of his having been robbed to Captain Battye ; Butters was taken to the Kelso lock-up by Captain Battye's directions; he was put in handcuffs on his way from Bathurst to Kelso ; the statement made by the Chinaman was, that after he had been in bed some time, Butters came into his room with a lanthorn, looked round the room and asked him if he was asleep, and on his replying no, he went out again, and that upon his getting up about half-past 3, he found his things gone ; he did not accuse Butters further than I have stated. The prisoner was discharged on his own recog- nizances of £20 to appear when called upon to do so within 3 months. TUESDAY, June 2nd. Before Captain Battye, J.P. and J. T. Haw- kins, Esq., J.P. HORSE STEALING. Thomas Robinson and James Newman charged with horse-stealing, were remanded to Beechworth, Victoria. The evidence in this case was published in a recent issue. Several summons cases were postponed till to-morrow in consoquence of there not being two magistrates present. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.— By an announce- ment which appeared in the Government Gazette of Friday the 29th ultimo, we learn that the opening of Parliament is further prorogued to Tuesday, the 21st of July. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL AT MCQUARIE PLAINS. — On Monday the 1st instant the foundation stone of a New Wesleyan Chapel, at Macquarie Plains, was laid by Mr. W. M. Fulton in the presence of an assemblage of friends and supporters of the un- dertaking. The building intended to be erected will be a plain and substantial place of worship, —the size 36 ft. by 23, the height of walls, 16 feet. It willl be built of brick, and afford accommoda- tion for 180 persons. Messrs. Atkins, Kerr, and Rae of Bathurst have the contract for its erection, the total cost of which will be £750. The Rev. J. Oram commenced the proceedings by singing and prayer, after which he rend the first Chapter of St. Peter's first Epistle. A copy of the document deposited was then read, and Mr. Fulton laid the stone fn the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Another hymn was then sung, which was fol- lowed by addresses from the Rev. J. Oram, Messrs. Sweetnam, Carvossa, and Parker at the close of which about 150 persons sat down to tea which had been previously supplied by Mrs. Fulton, Mrs. Major West, Mrs. Joseph West Sen., and Miss Hall. The amount contri- buted on the occasion was about £20. SALES BY AUCTION. — We are requested by Messrs. Tress and Croaker to direct attention to their sales on Saturday next, the 6th instant, of the lease of the "Glen Alice Estate," the unex- pired term of lease of the " Woodside Inn," and 2560 acres at Dirty Swamp. ACCIDENT. — On Friday morning last, as a youth of some 12 or 13 years of age was leading two horses up George-street, the German band com- menced playing, when the animals took fright and galloped off at full speed, dragging the boy after them by the arm, which had become entan- gled in the rope by which he held them. Fortu- nately they were stopped upon the square, or in all probability they would have torn along until his brains had been dashed out. As it was, he was very much frightened and badly bruised, but the consequences are by no means dangerous. The name of the youth did not transpire SURGICAL. — A difficult case of amputation took place on Friday last, in which Dr. Machattie ope- rated upon the breast of Mrs. Wallis, of Bathurst, who had for some time been suffering from cancer. The unfortunate sufferer bore the tortures of the knife with great fortitude, and never uttered a moan until the operation was completed. We un- derstand that she is progressing as favorably as could be expected, considering the nature of her case. DEATH OF MR. MASSEY.— It is our melancholy duty to record the death of Mr. Massey, of the firm of Strachan and Massey, which took place yesterday morning about 6 o'clock. For some time past Mr. Massey has been a periodical suf- ferer from epileptic fits, and was again attacked by them on Monday last, when Dr. Machattie was called in and attended him assiduously throughout the day. From the first it was evident that the struggle would be a severe one, and it appeared ex- tremely doubtful whether nature would sustain the repeated shocks of the terrible disease. Late in the evening, however, it became quite evident that the patient was sinking, and that there were no hopes of recovery, and he finally died after fighting against the last and most violent fit. Mr. Massey has long been known as the pos- sessor of considerable mechanical skill, and he held undoubted testimonials, including a Great Exhibition medal, corroborative of the fact. These, however now avail him little, but belonging as they do to a class of reminiscences which show that the departed has not lived in vain, they are remembered by his surviving friends and relatives as claims which entitle his memory respect. PALMER'S OAKEY CREEK.— A German who keeps a store at Palmer's Oakey Creek sold a parcel of gold containing 80 ozs. at the Bank of New South Wales, including a boautiful nugget, com- pletely free from dross and much water-worn, weighing 11 ozs. 5 dwts. He stated that the diggers in that quarter were doing remarkably well, the least fortunate making good wages and some of them much more. The character of the gold is different from anything we have hitherto seen in the auriferous line. SERIOUS ACCIDENT. — A few days ago a person named Patrick Fogarty, who resides in the neigh- bourhood of Mount Pleasant, was doing something at his dray which was propped up with one of the wheels off, when the prop gave way and the dray fell upon his back, inflicting a very severe in- jury upon the spine and otherwise injuring him. We learn, however, from Dr. Machattie that he is gradually recovering from the effects and will shortly be in a position to resume his work. FALL FROM A HORSE.— A few days ago as Mr. Wm Brown was proceeding towards Mount Pleasant on horseback, the animal upon which he was riding, fell with him, and blackened one of his eyes, cut his forehead, and otherwise injured him, and as if to make the most of the opportunity, broke his own neck. Mr. Brown, we believe is still alive, and likely to remain so, unless he manifests any further partiality for stumbling or tumbling horses. MRS. TUTTON.— The unfortunate female who became the victim to a murderous assault on the night of the Queen's Birth-day is still in a very hopeless state. On Monday she rallied a little and appeared something better, still remaining however in a state of unconsciousness, but yes- terday followed a relapse which renders her re- covery a matter of considerable doubt. This affair has attracted a good deal of attention in town, and the general feeling is that there is something mysterious about the matter, and that no stone should be left unturned to bring the guilty party to justice. We perceive that a re- ward of £50 is offered for the apprehension and conviction of the scoundrel whose hand com- mitted the atrocious deed. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE. — A concert was held at this theatre on the night of Saturday and Monday last. A well selected programme was provided for both occasions, but we regret to say that owing to the inclemency of the weather the attendance on the former evening was but small. Notwithstanding this drawback, the spirits of both performers and audience seemed to undergo no feeling of dampness, for several of the pieces were loudly cheered. On Monday the house was well filled, a large number of ladies attending, whose smiling faces fully at- tested the pleasure the entertainment afforded them. To make mention of individual excellence would be invidious, where everr effort was made to gratify the public ear ; but, if the rendering of one piece more than another deserved the ap- plause it procured, it was that of the " Work- house Boy," by Mr. Somers, whose comic style of delivery caused irresistible merriment through- out the house. Mr. Walter's " Barney Avour- neen," and Mr. Somers' "Paddy Malone," were rapturously encored. The jig and the medley dance were universally admired. The public of Bathurst would do well to avail themselves of the opportunity now given them of pleasantly spend- ing a winter's evening. FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT.— A melancholy acci- dent which terminated in the death of a man named Garvey, commonly known as Scotchy, occurred about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. So far as we have been able to gather the facts, it appears that the deceased was engaged by a person named Cheshire to obtain for him a quantiiy of gravel from the pit at the rear of the lock-up. Whilst doing so, from his incautiously proceeding too far under the em- bankment, the earth above him gave way and fell on him before he had time to make his es- cape. On his being dug out, immediately after - wards, he was found to have been literally smashed by the immense weight of earth which had fallen on him, almost every bone in his body being broken in several places, and the entrails protruding. An inquest will be held on the body to-day. 