' MORMON CONFERENCE: :(From Loyd's Newspaper, Septcnber 13;) THIs sect held its sixth aninual con ference on Sunday, at the Adelaide Sgallery, Lowther- arcade; Strand. It was presided over by " two of the apostles," Brothers Orson Pratt .and Ezra Benson. About 600 persons were present in the morning, about 1000 in the afternoon, and upwards of 1000 in the evening, most of whom, judging from appearances, were latter day saints, or Mormons. The proceed 'ings consisted chiefly of addresses. Delegates were present from different parts of the country. Brother Pratt described in forcible language the scriptural claims of Mor monism. From the statement of Pastor Ro.s, the representative of London,. i~ :?p peared that £1200 had been .silbsei:ied duiring the past year for emigration eiid other purposes. The exertions.Tf..tlie priesthd1 in tlhe ~ril work iiad beei umiiiersally received.- an dI accepted. Prehchiing in the streets;.' lanes., anil . other places haia been' ..revived," and where thre 'hal beeni oppositio greiat wisdom had been evidencedC.' Tlie president of the Kent codfeire'ce sail they had laid very pleidsdiittimeds.. Hie lobked ,bpon the saifinibhe, wl)v nnumbered 550,' as" a first-clais lot of ipeople, as they suppoid" thirteen eil ders, and also paid.their :tithing?" and, app'rovbed all' tha't tl'e eldeis propiosed: They had also' to beai ittieir'hshare of opposition, butithey had felt .the'' bitter for it. The president from 'Reeieding 'was happy to be present, surrounded as lhe: was by the' saints and servantsti'f Lthe Great' God.1 "In- hisi district(a': poor' agricultural1 one), iout of 300 dor 400" saints, there were "150' who were 'good for :nothing.,- Of the remaining 250, the greater portion; lived, or-' rather vegetatedl on parish. allowance' They had subscribed £50' during the past year to' the emigration' fund, and ar largo number of them would emhigrate during the coming season. A pastor from Southampton and' Dor setshire complainedl of the want; 'off honesty "on the part of the learned editors.", Not :long since 'the papers teemed: with' accounts of the vicious character of their eldeis-bf their do ing every thing unbecoming 'a man, much less a saint, circulated 'by Jtidgeo Drummond.: It had been proved: by, the 'American papers that Judge Drum-' morid hadiinvented his stories to injire the'latter-day saints, and to bring them, into'collision with the United Statesgo vr'nment. The Sheffield delegate (ai gentleoman from Utah,)' said the saints in his ldis trict woreinot:rich, , but good lookinig," as they.enjoyed the spirit of the:'Lord,ý. which made them look aind feel, well:: He himself had been baptised -and re-' ceived the Holy Ghost by.laymin on of. hands. : He conjured his hearers to' lo come Mormons, anid forsake their-sins. They were, lie said, the most temperriat people in the 'world. Just ?go -into tlihe hounse. -.:W.here :so?ore their- pipes:.?;1 They had tthrown them :arVay, Where . ,. ' .. : . , ... .. : - , ? , :- ::;... :. .were.theirtea'pots 7. .Thrley.hnd no. use haied done ore good thaln iany: .mian since oiur Saviour, an'dthyat, Brigham Young was a great and mighty prophet ..dfiather of I:srael' : : The prorceediigs of the afternoon were pleasntly varied by refreshments, such as ginger beer and other cooling drinks; end: in- the evening, they consisted :chiefly of a rapid review of the origia and history of Mormonism down to the present time, by Mr. Orson Pratt. Collections were made after each meet. nThe conference was brought to a close on Monday night by a social meet ,in at the Teetotal-hall, Broadway, Westminster. The attendance com prised all the leading members of the confeience. At an early stage. of the proceedings the assemblage engaged in .singing, in a .loud strain, one of their favnouiite hymns, led on by Elder Ber naril, to the tune of "The low-backed car." The purport of the spng was the ;long looked-for day when they would all get to Zion (Utah). / . r. ;iotlier Silver, one 6f the elders, iext obliged the company ,with, a little hiarmony. It was something aboiut '!I never knew widt joy was . 'Till l beeame a Mormon," &c.; SIn this song the audience was favoured with anaccompaniment by an ass in an adjoining stable. The wall was so thin as to render everything audible; and ,the earnest warnings of the Mormon apostles were mixed up with thebraying .of the ass and the earnest entreaties of his keeper that he would "come over." The party who next "obliged," was a young man who occupied a prominent position upon the platform. Elder Snow and two others united in a doleful strain. TThe melody was "Ethopian," and the poetry was of about the same calibre as the songs of that class usually are. Elder Hyde; one of the Reading dis trict, in a brief speech scornfiully alluded to the attempts now being made to put the Mormon imposture down, and took the liberty of saying that all such efforts would be unavailing. He said, if people wanted to know the true character of Joseph Smith, they ought to go to the Mormonites to make the inquiry, and not to their enemies. "Brother Hyde" was frequently interrupted by the youn g etels, two or. three of whom were so lively that they had to be removed from the apartment. .Then another of the reverend gentle men, or very reverend elders, or right reverend apostles, or whatever their ecclesiastical titles may be, favored the company with a song. He was followed. by. Elder Snow, who recited a pstory. about "the gambler's wife." The bless-. ing of God was frequently asked' upon these extraordinary proceedings, aqdi e;skedl with a flippancy and irreverence very shocking to a well-regulated mind. Another of the elders sang a song,. styled "Sectarian Nonsense,'' one verse of., whioh ridiculed the absurdity of a man when he is ill going to a doctor as, the gentiles (i. e., all who are not Mor-: mons) do, instead of going to an eldeir of the church to be healed. Oiie of the. Yankee elders, fresh from the Salt Lake valley, said he "felt fust rhte.', He could fetch in firing, if they wanted it; and he calculated. he: was always "to hand" when anybody,: was wanted to move the fixins, to hunt: iup the lost sheep, or to drive the .oxen: When anything of the kind was to be: done, hlie was always to hand to do. the' best he could; but he wasn't much'ofa hand at discoursing. He drew a pitia-'. ble, picture of the heathenism ,of this' country, and gave a glowing description', of the,enliglhtenment.and happiness of' the, Saints. in Utah. He said he'ihad beeni persecuted with the saints all his.. life';.. and just as he was settling down in peace in Utalh, the servant of' the Lord sent him forth to England to warn this'wicked generation, and he obeyed, altho?l~h'it.was agreat trial to him.' A ~fr. Harrison, who was one of the very few Englishmen amongst these Mormon prophets, next addressed the meeting, but the donkey again inter rupted, and the animal's exertions were seconded by several of the youngsters. some of whom were eventually removed:: Mr. Harrison said that Mormonism anti its piofessors were not to be judged by: existing standards; for they were .far' above and hbeyond them. It had been: said tnatlMrmonm nism was unnecesasry, beauise :therdowas nothie, new init that was tirue, andlnthing true in iit that, as .new...iThi, was not 'the 'case 4I'., siupilemoiited'thei'rvel.tions of.tle;bible and. completed them,.: .They? had been accused of saying nothing yesterday of poleygamy. "-Th oli i p nythey,.advo Scated-was not the histfal" polygamy of the orientals;· for his part, he Said -' all such polygamy (groans of "Amen!"). The polygamy ,of the Mormons was a. system which controlled the lasts ant passions of mankind, and reduced the marital duties to some kind of system. Mormonism did not allow men and wo men to rush into matrimony as dictated by their passions, and witlount any fgid-" ing principle. Mormonism came to them with principles adapted to every condition of a man's life; it entered into the privacy of the chamber, and con trolled every action. It taught men to act as God would have them act. This was the difference between the Mormon its polygamy and the oriental system. The scriptures themselves were written by polygamists, and he had been taught to study the writings of those poly gamists in his youth, and to pray'ovee them; he had done so, and hlie found that set of polynamists so good that he thought lie would try the other lot' (the Mormons). (This coarse jest was re ceived with laughter.) The congregation then indulged in some doggrel verses, which they sung to the popular air of" Minnie," of the wordse of which song their "psalm" was a wretched parody. Elder George Reid then recited a piece about "The Bishops' Banquet,'" describing the good living of the right rev. prelates-a recitation which was in very bad taste, seeing that it was im mediately followed by the Mormonite "refireshments," apples and pears on damp and dirty "waiters," with little cakes and biscuits, which were stale and unsavoury. These were washed down by copious draughts of pump-water from large jugs. Another elder then in dulge'l in a"'little harmony" about "Sleepy Parsons,". the chorus to which was "Heigho! you sleepy parsons! Ito! lie! ha! ha! hal what a lark!, After all your college learning, You will find yolre is the:dariik.' : The,very reverendl elder gave;this song with much vigour, to:the air of, a-:well known nigger melodyv, ." Oh, Susannaih; don't.you cry. for ms"sanld he ndded:tcr the effect y .vigorous'slapu of his hands upon his thighs, after the fashion of thei Ethiopian .serenader.M::eTheueeffiirt'?vas very much relished by the. adiefice, whlo loudly spplulped.; j 11 Sister Pea rce and; several:other sisters subsequuentlyr.sang: .,; .-,o: An. ellr, w::ith;,n a stron ..:Yanriks brogue, anivised theo isters to:sell offall; theiri ornament,, Iwhich ;took :them: so long every day to.:d'nt,?annd to put thel money, into ;the emigration fundl, to en-" able them to "? gatlheroiit.of.Babylon ' -i. e., to lbave this country for Utahl.': The, apo,stle Orson Praitt ` then .n.av'e the "sisters'.' somo? advice! o?the subject of marinfoee ,,i. said that.marritage,:if' celebrate' bhthe Mlormon church,:which': alone, had fiull.niuthlrity,s extenrded note only tilldeath, but throughout eternity:' He urged` them not: to marryn midnot': Mlormpons, or else when they awoki e in' the day of jidgment they' would find' themselves w:ithout, husband.i and 'be obliged. to, remain singlo throunhbnt:. eternity: This he described tobe a hor-: riblo evenituality, and propounded the doctrinie: tlit., a propagation' of spiritc: w"'ould,go on in a future world, just 'as thie. propagation of our species goes on, in this., 'Eiira Benson, another apostle 'fro'i' the Salt :,Lake, Valley, addressed the. audienice; in' his shirt sleeves;. His.' speech.. was full of Yankee humour,' rather coaiso,. htit. ittold well with thei: saints. He said'; be felt, "flist rate."' H ireferred to the subject of marriage,; aiid,to his own wives ?nd children whom' he had' left in Utah, and said he believed'. ,that all his wives would not aspostatise. and that therefore he would not be likely to undergo the misery of remaining' single in heaven. He described Brig ham Yoting as the best and holiest man in the world, and said he did not wonder at the sisters falling in love.with" him. Every good man, he said,.ought.tdhavea- m?ore than:one wife.' He said hewould.' advise the editors who 'abused' them to consult their works, and they would: fin'd everything "as right as taturs.' He indulged, in a variety ofjokes of thel, saime- class. .. ,, . . Tlie proceedings terminated::shortly aftem ten,oalclockl, idited, 'printed, and pi.illishel i·, "YILLIA\t fONES,' (sole p'ropeicto).at t lu Pri?N? intg 'OfficeA.hAuburn-eatecst.. oolbrirP ew? oi.ut 