DRAMATIC DUALITY. H E highly original and eminently diverting plan of having two representatives of the same character— both of whom are on the stage at the same time, and make an equitable division of the duties incidental to the part—adopted at the Princess's Theatre, ought to, and perhaps will, be extensively adopted, and, if so, it will effect si revolution in theatrical performances. The introduction of a double into some of the more popular Shaksperian dramas, for example, would be sure to excite a sensation, and prove a great "draw." Why should there not be two Hamlets, the one sombre, suicidal, sad, solemn, and sententiously soliloquizing ; and the other as merry as the Prince's jester, with a propensity to punning, practical jokes, and such like pleasantries ;—tripping Polonius by the heels, making faces at his avuncular sovereign, offering the Ghost " a weed," instructing the players, in the sublime words of " The Ratcatcher's Daughter," and otherwise enlivening the heavy tragedy ; while the other representative of the Prince stalks about in sables and delivers himself of the lugubrious soliloquies and speeches originally set down for him ? King Lear, again. How much more briskly that dolorous tragedy would act, if a portion of the bid gentleman's dialogue were assigned to a Pantaloon, with an ivory-handled walkingstick weak legs, defective eye-sight, an obstinate bend in his back, and a general tendency to tumble over the most trifling obstructions in his path ! Imagine the rapturous plaudits of the audience at seeing Lear's humourous double converted into a human wheelbarrow and trundled off the stage by "Mad Tom"! There's Othello, again : that " very neat article in Morocco" might be represented by two actors ; the one reserving to himselt the'brocade, and the jealousy, the anger and the uxoricide ; and the other appropriating to himself the banjo, shirt collar, striped trousers and stupendous neckerchief of the Ethiopian. When the Moorish Othello had made his Venetian wife unhappy about the handkerchief, the Ethiopian might console her with " Ole Dan Tucker"; and the smothering scene in the lact Act would be immensely improved by the introduction of the "Nigger Break-down." The character of Lady Macbeth might be also advantageously acted in duplicate. As a counterpoise to the general haughtiness of her conduct, and the sanguinary tone of her advice to her husband ; the double might be represented as an amiable and benevolent lady, with a general bias towards tracts, and soup-kitchens, tea-parties and missionary meetings; and the highly improper, not to say bloody-minded, suggestions which the savage Lady Macbeth addresses to her lily-livered lord, might be immediately followed up by an improving discourse from her mild-mannered double on the whole duty of woman, as epitomised in "buttons;" with elegant extracts from Mrs. Rundell's " Domestic Cookery." How it would " come home to the bosoms and businesses" of all the spectators to find the murderous Lady Macbeth, affectionately attended in her somnambulistic perambulations by her sisterly double, with a basin of gruel and a "Dover powder"! In fact there is scarcely a play you can mention that is not susceptible of improvement by the importation into it of this felicitously-conceived system of a dramatic duality; the invention of which is due to the fertile brain of some ingenious individual concerned in .the production of " Robert the Devil" at the Pruicesss Theatre, m this city 