THE EXECUTION OF ALEXANDER CULLEN. On Tuesday morning at eight o'clock, Alexan- der Cullen, who was convicted at the last sittings of the Supreme Court, of the wilful murder of Elizabeth Ross, in a house at the back of the Red Lion, Liverpool-street, under- went the extreme penalty of the law within the walls of the New Gaol, Campbell- street, being the first executed therein. The culprit was attended in his last moments by the Rev. Dr. Lillie, who, with other gentle- men, have been most unremitting in their at- tention to him, and from the statements an- nexed, the unfortunate man appears to have profited by the instruction imparted to him. Cullen died without a struggle, and after hanging the usual time his body was in pur- suance of the terms of his sentence conveyed to St. Mary's Hospital for dissection. The following is the statement written by Cullen a few days prior to his execution. :— Condemned Cell, Hobart Town Gaol, Aug. 15, 1857. AN EXHORTATION TO SINNERS, PARTICULAR TO THOSE WHO KNOW ME. THROUGH our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ I feel it my duty to warn you against drun- kenness, fornication, and adultry—the cause of my disgraceful and ignominious death, but I confess, with deepest compunction, the crime which has brought me to it, and admit the justice of my sentence, while I am sinking under its severity, and I earnestly exhort you, my brethren, to shun bad company and evil doings, and turn to the Lord Jesus Christ and attend to his precepts before it is too late ; for, believing in him, you will receive ever- lasting peace. I do most solemnly and ear- nestly declare to you I am a true penitant and believer in my Lord Jesus Christ, and through him I shall be saved from everlasting punishment, and enter into his kingdom ; so, my brethren, let me implore of you is my dy- ing request, that you shall turn from your evil ways and turn to God. Some of you are fully aware of the evil and wicked life I have been living, and this ought to be a warning to you, as I hope it will, as you cannot be igno- rant of your own sins. I do not mean to charge you of sin like mine, but understand they are as bad in the eight of the Lord, as he positively asserts. And he is just that no sinner shall enter into his kindom without cincere and true repentance in faith in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, as he is able to forgive and cleanse you from all your sins, and receive you as his own. Now my once companions, examine yourselves and see wet- ther you are not a sinner ; if so, than turn to God while there is time. You must be aware that you may be taken off by sudden death, without the least warning; and, if not pre- pared, what an awfull event to meet your God in such a state. But, thank God, he has giving me time—he has extended his mercies —he has instructed me to pray, and eventu- ally heard my prayer. Blessed be his holy name. Now, my dear brethren, I do solemnly and earnestly confess, in the presence of my Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, that I believe in the true faith of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, and I believe in the resurrection and in the life of the world to come ; in fact, I feel quite reconciled to meet my God—no ways disturbed at meeting death in this world if you did but feell the happiness I enjoy at meeting my Saviour, as I believe he will receive me. Now, my bre- thren, let me exhort you—let me entreat you —to turn while you have time ; turn from your drunkenness and all deadly sin, and Allmighty God will protect you. This ought to be an example to all, and consider the end drink has brought me too. How can I expect mercy ? I gave no mercy. I gave no time to say, Lord have mercy on me a sinner. I can do more than hope for her poor con- demned soul, that the Lord may have had mercy on her, as she may join with me in bliss, is my earnest prayer. I die in peace with all men I forgive all, as I expect to be forgive, through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. I re- turn my cincere thanks to all my religious in- structors—Mr. B. Grey, Rev. Dr. Lillie, Rev. Mr. Downes, Mr. Smales, and others—for, without their counsells I was a lost man with- out hope—as they have used every exertion to bring me to repentance, and hope they may meet the reward which is due to them in hea- ven—I hope everlasting peace. I like- wise return thanks to all who have been inter- ested towards my welfare, likewise to the go- vernor of this gaol and all his officers under him, for their kindness towards my comfort, both in worldly and spiritual consolements. I hope God will grant you all that peace which I expect from him through the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. And the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost remain with you all for ever and ever. Amen, May the Lord have mercy on me a sinner. (Signed) A. CULLEN. 