REVIEW. (From the Leader, November 29.) AURORA LEIGH. By Elizabeth Barrett Browning. I When, some weeks ago, we anticipated the delight of a new poem from Mrs. Brown- ing, we never, in our keenest expectation, thought of receiving so fine a poem as " An wore Leigh," which surpasses in sustained strength and variety anything English poetry has had since " Childe Harold." It places Mrs. Browning beyond dispute at the head of all poetesses, ancient or modern, and although it will be judged diversely by diverse minds, no one, we fancy, will venture to claim for any other woman's poem an equal rank. Having, as justice demands, expressed our piratically our sense of the greatness of " Aurora Leigh," without stint of phrase, and it without precipitate or careless eulogy, we must also add that the poem has very many falls, some deeply seated, some quite superficial and remediable, which faults, perhaps, will give the critics occupation, but will not in any appreciable degree affect the success of the work for in Art as in Life, success dr pends on what is positive, on excel bree of some kind'; and where this casts no amount of mistake, or is ( ( quietness, can finally prevent recognition. Ki tin's acting was fuller of faults than that ofmauyaman who never rose above IUJ (alacrity: but Sean's genius was of such positive and thrilling influence, that like a meteor he burnt his pathway before the wondering gaze of life, who might on reflection object to the " irregularity," but could not, even in reflection, forget the splendour. We cannot in our scanty limits pretend to criticise" Aurora Leigh," but certain general points may here be touched, as if we chatted with the reader when the book was closed, And first as to its conception. It is a three-volume novel in verse. This of itself is something now. ? Scott and Byron told stories in verse: Tennyson in the " Princess and in " Maud" has-also filed his hand at story-telling, with very indifferent success as a story-teller ; but no poet at least we know of none has represented modern life in such forms as it assumes in modern fiction no one line sung the novel instead of writing" it. " Aurora Leigh has a story equal inclined dint, character, and scenery to almost any three volume novel of the English type. In no respect does it differ from the novel ex rot that it is sung. -It sings of our aching, life, embodying the scheme und; struggles the opinions and the social contrasts rd our day. "Alton Locke is not more immediately the product of our social on ' dillon, nor lesBldealiacd. Whether the poet is right or wrong in that Mvcrving from the almost universal practice of seeking in distant climes and distant ages for the subject of song, we will not here in (quite. Briefly we may suggest that the poor herein should please himself; let us have poems, and not trouble ourselves when the; come. vEsohyluB, in writing the For are, never paused to consider whether contempt) jury events were fitted for ideal treatment ; h treated them ideally, and was content. But when we waive that general question, it only brings us to a more direct consideration of the particular instance We grant Mrs. Browning the utmost, license in her choice only for more rigorous in our judgment of thosubjoo chosen; and, while thinking she was at sea left liberty to write a musical novel, w remained firm after the' 'writing of a novel which in itself is good.' In proportion as silo introduces the elements of ordinary notion into her poem, she must be exercised by the standards of fiction. No one thinks of objecting to " Childe Harold," or the " Excur- sion, that the story, as a story, is poor, and not very natural ; but every one feels that the story of " Orlando Furioso" is a part of its enchantment, and was meant to be so; every one will feel that the story of "Aurora Leigh is something more than a vehicle for exquisite verse, and was meant to be so - meant. to shadow forth truths of life and character. < Now, if we consider the story of " Aurora Leigh apart from its musical utterance-we must admit that, although it draws us onwards, filling the eyes with tears and the heart with sudden beating of noble emotion, it does, nevertheless, in several particulars jar and distress the judgment, and, an a novel, is but second-rate, It wants invention. The conduct of the story is such as we have followed in hundreds of novels, not being a whit the river for its com 1 morphine and were " Aurora Leigh" written in prose, or in verse less affluent, and musical and tender, we should throw it aside with no more commendation than is bestowed on second-rate novels, i We propose in this article to tell the story in a second article our criticism of the poems may be resumed. Aurora' Leigh is the child of an Englishman of family, and an Italian trial of beauty, who died when Aurora was four years old:- . She could not barth Joy of giving life The mother's rapture slow her. If her Rum Had left B longer weight upon my lips, It might have steadied the uneasy breath, And reconciled nnd/ratcrnlzod my soul With the now order. As it was, Indeed, I fill of mother want minutes world, And Bills went Looking, like a bloating lamb Left nut at night, in abutting up the fold, An restless as a nost-ilonortcd bird Gjtovvti chill through something being away, though what It knows not. I, Aurora Leigh, was born To make my father sadder, and myself Not (overjoyed, truly. Women know The way to rear up children (to be just), They know a simple, merry, tender knack Of to lug sashes, fitting hiiby-shuos, And stringing pretty words that make no sense, And kissing full sense into empty words ; Which things, sure coral to call life upon, Although such fillies : children learn by such Love's holy on most in a pretty play, And got not over early solemnized, But seeing, as in a rosebush, Love's divine, Which burns and hut is not, not a single bloom, become aware and unafraid of Love. Such good do mothers. Father's love as well -Mine did, I know but still with heavier brains, And wills more consciously responsible, And not us wisely, Since loss foolishly ; So mothers have God's license to be missed. her but her, Whom love had unmade from a common man, But not completed to use uncommon man (how subtle than'), reared and educated her in solitude, till, when she was about thirteen, he died. The child was shipped to England, which thus appeared to her Italian eyes: Then, land '-thou, England I on the frosty cliffs Loolcod cold upon me Could I find a home finding those moan rod houses through the log I and when I heard my father language first Fruit union is of which had no Ideas for mine, I need that!, thou laughed, Dun kept, then wept, And some one near me said the child was mod Through! much sea sickness the train swept iii on NY is this my father's england I The great IHIO I The ground seemed me up from the fellowship Of verdant, field from field, as man from man , Tin hares themselves looked low and positive, AS almoSt you could touch them with a hand, And dm ed to do it, they were so far off From (Hall's collecting cream in, all things, blurred And dull and value Did Shakspeare and his mates , Ahsoili the light hero (-not a hill or stout Within us to strike a radiant colour and Or octave o outline on an indifferent air ' ' I think I see my father s sister stand Upon the hill step of his country house to give me welcome She stood straight and calm, Her somewhat in view forehead branded light As if for (miling accidental thought! from possible pulses brown hair pricked with grey By frigid use of life (she was not old, Although my father s order by n j car), A me to draw is sharply, yet in delicate lines, A close, mild mouth, a little soured about The road, through spe fitting unrequited love, It peradventure niggardly half truths, I eyes of no concurrence they might have smiled, But never, never have forgot themselves in smiling chocks, in which was yet a rose Of perished summers like a rose in his book, Kept more ft i truth than pleasure If past bloom, last of siding also Mia had lived, we'll say A harmless life she called a virtuous life A quiet life, which was not life at all (He' that shell did not lived UIOIILJI to know) Between the vicar and the country squires The lord lieutenant looking down i sometimes From the empty real, to assure their souls Plains, change vulgarism, and, in the abyss, The apothecary looked on once every, To prove tlirirsoiiiiiliicns of humility The pot r club exercised her Christian gifts Of knitting stockings, stitching petticoats. Iii can cow a are of one flesh after all And need one flannel (with a proper sense Of difference in the quality), and still [ The book club, guarded from j our modern trick Of ah making slanderous questions from the crowd, Preserved her intellectual She had lived | A sort of sea-bird life born in a cage, I accounting that to hear from porch to porch Wau act and joy enough for any bird Kiar heviVHii, how silly or the things that live in thickets, and oat berries is the humorous and satirical touches of this passage give indication that the music is not I to be wholly in one key, hero is another passage from the long and satirical account of her ( education under the care of this aunt of drew costumes fine reach engravingS, Nereids neatly draped, With girl 6 of simmering worship,- I washed it I r m nature, He (Ucapei (rather say washed out) 1 d faced the polka and Collaris, if no glass, stuffed birds, and modelled flowers in wax, IScciuae site liked accomplishments in girls. 1 in 11 i sense of books on womanhood z o prove, if women do not think at all, which may teach thinking (to a maiden aunt of, cibilic *Hthor>-tooles demonstrating 3 their right of comprehending husband's talk AY'hcn not too dear on, and even of answering With pretty, " may it please you," or so it is," their rapid insight and an aptitude, Vartlculnr v. mt li and general inlssionarhicss. As long as they keep quiet by the fire And never say " no" when the world says " ay," For that I-. fnl.il,--their angelic reach or virtue, chill in UMjil to sit and darn, And fatten household sinners, their In brief; I'ntcntiul futurity In everything Of masticating power in it: he owned Mr- liked 1 remain to be womanly, And English visions, she thanked God find signed (Some people are up s sigh in thanking God), AY ore models to the union so. - In spite of this her young and eager soul offend a woman's pride. But although we finds out its proper nourishment in secret she reads all the better books, and in secret begins to write poetry to which she feels the irresistible vocation. Her cousin Romney Leigh, heir to the Leigh estates, loves her, and she loves him, but when he tells her of his love, he does it with the arrogance and infelicity of youth, which Brings her pride, and she refuses him. The fact is, he has given his soul to philanthropic schemes to ameliorate the social condition of his age has become the dream and passion of his life, and, although he loves his cousin, he lets her plainly see he wants her as a helper in his work, even more than as a wife. This is very subtly conceived. It is just the sort of pedantic error to which youth is liable. It is just the soitofetror to offend a woman's pride;.. But although we think the situation finely conceived, it is imperfectly prosecuted; and the tone of the conversation on both sides is not like truth we do not mean the literal truth of daily talk, but ideal truth of.pa>sion and poetry. The reader has a sense of the whole being, as it covers, a mere device of the writer to separate here and heroine in order that the story may take its course- ; not as the inevitable utter- ance of two human souls. She rejects her SCRIBE, and is resolved to dedicate her life to poetry. Her aunt is furious with her for such folly ; but she is resolute and the life she led in consequence is thus graphically hinted : 'ii lie next was- passed in silence, so the next, iYiid several after : Ilomuoy did not come. Ker my aunt chide me. I lived on and on, As if my heart were kept beneath a glass, And everybody stood, all eyes and cars. To see and heart, sick. I could not sit, Nor walk, nor take a book, nor lay It down. Kui to» on steadily, nor (hop a stitch And a sigh with it, but I felt her looks ' Still cleaving to mc, like the sucking as , ? To Cleopatra's breast, persistently 'J brough (ho intermittent partings. Being observed, I When observation is not sympathy, ' }s list being tortured. if she' said a word, A thank you," or me " if it please you, dear," She meant a complication, or at best, An exorcism njjainsltho devilder 1\ which plainly hold it. So with all the house, f-ii-annab'could not stand and twist my hair, Without such glancing at the looking-glass To see my face there, that she named the plant : And Johns never sent my place for soup, Or did not send it, but the foolish John Hcsolvfd the problem, 'twiM hhi.iiiipKincd thumbs, Of what was signified by taking soul Or choosing mackerel. Neighbours, who dropped in On morning visits, feeling a joint vv toner, Spirited admonition, sat uneasily,' And talked with measured, emphasised reserve, Of parish nowa, Uko doctors to the sick, When not called in as if, with leave- to speak, They might say something. Nay, the very dog Would watch me from his sun-patch on the floor, In altercation with the large black fly Not yet In roach or snapping. '. So I lived. And one morning, some weeks after: Then suddenly, a single ghastly shriek Toro upwards from the bottom of the house. ' like one who awakens in a grave and shrieks, The still house seemed to shriek itself all e, ' And shudder through its passages and stairs the slam of doors and clash of bells sprang, I stood up in tho middle of the room, And there confronted in my chamber door A white fiieo,-shlvciitig, Uioflcctual lips. " Come, Come," they tried to utter, and I went ; As if a ghost had drawn are at the point of a fiery finger through the uneven dark, I went with stealing footsteps down the stairs where she sat, my aunt bolt upright in the chair beside her bed, Whoso pillow had no doubt she had used no bed For last night's trooping . '. voteless well. My 0 The dumb decision of that grey, peaked face Concluded soimilhliiggravc against the sun, Which filled the i bomber with its July burst] When Susan drt w the curtains, Ignorant 01 who sat open-eyed behind her. there, She sale . . itMto . . we will who" yesterday . . And held a letter with unbroken seal. A wreath gave it to her hand last night : All night she had held it. If its news referred 'to (families or to dunghill, hot an inch died budge, 'I was anxious, for such worthless odd' >.< r. though the stars were suns, and overturned their spheric limitations, swallowing up Like wax measure spaces, could they Force in se open eyes to v, Ink once. What last sight had left Hiern blink and Hat so drawing out. The facility of vision from the route, As nothing more, worth seeing, remained behind Were those the eyes that watched the, worried met That dogged me up and down the hours and days, A beaten, breathless, reasonable "soul? And did I pray, a half-hour back, but so, to escape the burden of those cases . . those eyes II "Sleep Into," I said. Why now, called, the sloop, (soil answers sharp sail sudden ou some prayers, And thrusts the thing we have it prayed for in our Ike A Riumtlot with a gill isn't. every wish li. like a prayer . . with God. I had my wish, 'J'u read and meditate the thing I would, To Fashion all my life upon my thought, And marry, or not many, henceforth none Could disapproving vox mc, hampering lull gr.iuiid-rooiu, in this desert slowly made, I'oi Babylon or li.ilbcc,-when tho he came, Just choked with sand, returns, far building (owing ! The letter held unopened in the hand the corpse was a gift from Komucy Leigh i thirty thousand pounds given of course that might be inherited by Aurora, who was beggar. But; she refuses to accept the girl The scene between them is so unnatural i tone, though true enough in conception, the Should these lines meet Mrs. Brewing's of ne urgently beg her to reconsider the Been M with a view to expression only, and see if she cannot remove the Brevities, irrelevancies, an iiijiotilitic'S, which produce an impression of a precisely similar to that produced by scene in unreal novels. Aurora may refuse the gift, but not in those terms, and preserve our sympathy. Aurora then becomes of port ess, lives i 1 opinion, and is celebrated, Romney turn there resolutely to social Schemes; founds phulnnBtery, and to signalise before the war In his disapproval of all social distinction! \\- about to marry a distressed needlewoman whom be found at the hospital, and has since I'c-iriended. We pass over the episode of Marian's life-wonderfully told, but under monly like what we have often read before length arrive at the wedding : Half St. Giles, in friend. Was bidden to meet St. James, In cloth of gold, And, after contract in the chair, puss in the marriage feast on Hampstead Heath. Of course the people came liiuncompcllod, I mile, blind, and worse-sick, sorrowful, and worse, The humours of the recent social wound, All pressed out, poured out upon Pimlico, I'Mispcratlng the unaccustomed air With hideous interfusion : you'd suppose A finished generation, died of plague, Swept OHtvviud from their graves into lesson. The toll of death upon them What a sight ! Abolida) of miserable men ' is sadder than a burial day of kings. They clogged the streets, they looked into the church, in a dark, slow stream, like blood. To see that sight, the noble ladies stood up in thulrpuvvs, Some paid for fear, a fear as red for sale, Some simply curious, some just insolent, And some in wondering scorn, What next what next" 'He so crushed their delicate muscles from the smile That nilshvetuno them in a holy place, With 1) rendered boats of perfumed handkerchiefs ; Those flashed the salts with confidence of eyes ' And simultaneous shivered moire silk ; With all the aisles, olive and black with heads, Crawled slowly toward the altar from the street, As bruised snakes crawl and blue, out of a hole 15 Ith shuddering involutions, swaying slow From right to left, and then from left to right, In punts and pauses. What an ugly cross Of faces rose upon you everywhere Flour that animated mass! you did not usually race faces like that in the open day: a They hide In collars, not to make you mad, , As Romney Laugh Is. Faces 1-0 my God, to call those faces? Men's and women's . . ay; And children's babies, hanging like a rag Forgotten on their mother's neck-, poor mouths, V wiped clean of mother's milk thy mother's blow, Before they are taught her cursing. Faces I show, We'll call them vices fostering to despatch, Or sorrows petrify ing to vices; not A finger touch of God left whole on them ; All ruined, lost-the countenance worn out. As the garments, the will dissolute as the acts The passions loose and dragging in the dirt 'Jo trip the four up at the first five step 1- a Those, faces ! 'twos us if you had stirred up hell Tohoavo It's Um tstdrcg- llondbuppei most, . In fiery swirls of slime, such strangled fronts, Such obdurate jaws well thrown up constantly, To tell you with your race, corrupt your blood, And grind to devilish colours all your dreams thenceforth, though, happy, you should drop asleep Ity clink of silver waters, in a house On luaUcI'H mild Madonna or the Hard. But the bride never comes. The machina- tions of a lovely devil-Lady Waldemar have frustrated this match Marian disappears. Time passes. Aurora grows more and more famous, and is to be met in London drawing-rooms : it always makes me sad to go abroad ; And now I'm sadder that I Went to-night Among the lights and talkers at Lord Howe's, His wife is gracious, with her glossy' trade, , And even voice, and gorgeous eyeballs, colin a Asher other jewels. It she's somewhat cold, A V ho wonders, when her blond has stood at the - ? .?: ? i In the ducal reservoir site calls her line By no means arrogantly? she's not proud: Kot prouder than the swan Is of the lake He has always swum in gets her clement, And so she takes it with a natural grace. Ignoring tadpoles. She just knows, perhaps, There are men, move on without outrider a, Which isn't her fault. Ah, to watch her face, when good Lord Howe expounds his theories. of social justice and equality 'Tis curious, what a tender, tolerant bend Her neck takes for she loves him, likes his talk, "Such clover talk that dear, old Algomou !" She listens on, exactly as if he talked Some Scandinavian myth of Lomures, Too pretty to dispute, and too absurd What novelist has better sketched an English beauty, one not over wise? Again : How lovely One I loved not looked to-night 1 She's very pretty, lady AValdomar. Her maid must use both hands to twist that coil Of tresses, thou be careful lost the rich Bronze rounds should slip she missed, though, I. grey hair, A single ones saw it otherwise The woman looked Immortal. How they told Those alabaster shoulders and bare breasts, On which the pearls, drowned out of sight in milk, were lost, excepting for the ruby class They split the amaranth velvet bodice down To the waist, or nearly with the audacious press Of full-breathed beauty. It the heart within Av'crc half as white but, if it were, perhaps The breast wore clover covered, and the sight less respectable, by half, took Our limits are already exceeded; we must therefore merely add, in a sentence or so, that Aurora, hearing a rumour of Romney's into tended marriage with Lady Waldemar, quits England for Italy. In Paris she meets with Marion- and very beautiful is the story Marion tells, and the emotion she expresses but we cannot linger over them. The two women go to Italy, with Marion's child; Piomnoy coins there too, blind, dispirited, having had Leigh Hall burnt to the ground by the very wretches he was sacrificing himself to benefit, and now with full consciousness of his failure as a social reformer, hears from Aurora that she too is conscious of failure, since with all her BUCOCSB in Art, she has failed in life, he is not happy. The two lovers then finally understand each other, and "live happy all the rest of their days." 