MR. D. C. GARTER'S PRODUOE SALE. The weather having at length taken up, delivery is being «lowly mudo of the grain raeaDtJy purchased, as announced in ray last relton. Farming operations aro about to bo renewed. Grain of all descriptions may bo quoted at nearly ino tame prices us reported by mu last week, with u slight upward tendency. In conse- quence ot the continuous wet weather, the proper sea- son for the sowing of wheat has nearly passed nway, and a greater demand ia becoming apparent for Oapu and Unglish barley, by farmers cultivating low lands. Hay Is In greater demand-£10 to X12-but those prices will not rule for any time. D. 0. CARTER, Auctioneer, West Maitland. Tni QOEEN'S TAEÁTUB.-The bills lor Wednesday night, Mr. D. V. Uoley's benefit, gave promise of a varied entertainment; und tbut promise was well /di- alled, white faces and black striving with euch other to contribute most, and a couple of ghosts taking part In the proceedings. The first piece was tho Spectre Bride- groom; un Ethiopian selection followed, concluding with tho Railway Gallop; and the programme llnlshed with the Masquerade Ball. Tho house nu« not io good os the performance deterred. AnsTiiiLiAN AoRicDLToniti COMPAMT.-At a meet- ing of Uie Australian Agricultural Company in January lint, a committee of consultation wa« appointed to en- quire into the management of the company. Though Hill company hat a paid up capital of £380,000. and a freo grant from government of 1.1100,000 uerei, 300,009 of which they sold to tho Peel Uiver Company for £500,000, the last report inucd by tho directors showed a los« ol several thousand peunda. The report state« that the stock of horses which were obtained al a wry heavy outlay, hnve become comparatively worthless. The merino sheep, which hnvo cost £130,000, aro now estimated ti) be wot til £5011. Lkrgo numbers of tho cattle hnve been lost, from their nat hnving been mus- tered lince 1848. There wai also a want of attention lo their duties on tho part of some officer or officers I« Australia, lnaimuch as no loss than forty three despatches from tho directors hero remained unncknow (edged nt one time ; Iho annual accounts, also, were not received until nearly n year had elapsed ; and In opposition to orders, speculative shipments from the company's coal mines wera made. Involving a loss of £5400. The accounts In the colony have never been audited, and large sums havo boen «pent in road making. Tho commit teo agree in tho expediency of lupprctiing Iho sheep eitabllshmenla nt Port Stephens, and re qulro the dismissal of nil unnecessary hands, und approvo of the plan of lolling the Nowcastle collie- ries on lease, but object to iho expendituro of money on public work«. The commlttro also urge a reduction in the office expense« In London ; and, though tho pre- sent prospect« of tho cotnpnny aro not bright, yoi con- sidering what a vast tract of land it possessr«, tiley are of opinion that tho great expectations ouco formed of the undertaking may yet bo realised. The appointment o( Captain Brownrigg ns suporintendont was strongly condemned, and to his miamen for tho post he held they attribute the disasters the company lins recently met with ; at tho same time they express considerable satisfaction with the appointment of Mr. Hod«,on In his room. After n good deal of discussion between tho directors and tho proprietor«, It was eventually agreod that the report should bo received, it being understood that when tho board Is re-constructed, vacancies »ill be open for now members. Tlio board of directors la about to bo reduced by Act of Parliament from 12 to 0. -A'mpir«'» ¿/melon correrpondiiic«. MAITLAND SCHOOL OP AHM.-Iho fortnightly meet- ing of the members of the School of Arl« »na hcltt on Tuesday evening. The ndjournod debate on the ques- tion "Isman the creature ot circumstance« f " was ro OK'ned by Mr. Christie, who nrnutil in favour of tho nfflrinttirc answer to the question, maintaining that n right decision could not bo arrived nt without an acquaintance, with tho constitution of man and hit re- lations to external objects. Mr. Hwan followed on the same side, contending that to act contrary to circum- stances, to set the will against the reason, was to act the part of one insane. Favourable circumstances might be controlled ; but all thal could bo done when circumstances wero adverso was to make the best ot them. Tho material part ot man-his bones and muicJel-thcic, he mid were tuhject to the will alone. Tho will wat not a part of a man's perlón, of bli reninn, of hil seine» ; it was only n name for the ruling power of his nature, whether Hint ruling power waa directed by reason or paulen. Tho pantons wera under the In- fluence of outward circumstance«. Tho reston mu affected by clrcuinitnncr« ; It Wa« a storehouse of cir- cumstance«, which wera brought forward to meet ctnergrnclet. In the mnn of intellect tho reaton wa« the ruling power ; in other men iho pantons. .Mr. Hums held that if It was lo be understood that the word creature meant slave, tho supposition that man was the slave of circumstances wus overturned by Ibe fact uf his being able to tot up one circumstance to counteract another. If he had no control over causes, he could not be responsible for tbelr effects. Mr. Kvans alluded to the condition ol various cln-tes of men, and lo the customs of certain natlona ns proving that iho affirmative answer to th» question waa the correct one. Mr. Maillions on the other hand said thal this doctrine encouraged Indolence an t latallsm. Ho arguod that tho difference« amongst men showed lhat circumstances bad not the control over them Individually, and he appealed to the examples of eminent men to support this view. Nevertheless ho admitted that men collcctlrely-wero the creatures of circumstances. Tho character and position of the nation deponded much on the physical features of the country Inhabited. Other speakersjolncd In the dlscuislon. Mr. Currcydrew at- tention to the real point at Issue, viz., whether man when placed amidst any given circumstances was so controlled by them as to be unable to act otherwlso than he did act. lie contended that ho wa« not. Man lind not the power merely of executing volitions; his Iroe- ngoucy w as not confined to this ; ho had the power ot willing, tho power of choleo, and the character ol lila actions depended on the will. The system of puni,h. ments generally, was based on the supposition that offenders could have avoided the commission of offences. Mr. Ewan replied. Tho question of man's respon- sibility, he contended, did not really belong to the dis- cussion ; responsibility was based, however, on the fact that every action of a man had a relative bearing towards others. Punishment generally was Iho crea- tion of a superior circumstance to control him, and to prevent his actions from interfering with his outward relations. Punishment generally was vindictive; when it »as rando to assume tho reformatory character, It was founded on the supposition thnt man was the crea- ture of clrcumitnncet. Ho appeiled to the examples of eminent men, mid maintained thnt in tho llfo of each a ruling circumstance could be easily dis- cerned. Ylrtuo nod vice did not consist In the will, but in the disposition. Alter the conclusion of the reply, tho opinion of the meeting on the question was taken, and the negative answer waa carried by a majority of one. It was then intimated by Dr. M'Cartncy that Mr. Garrick would bo willing lo read tho next essay the subject tobo "The Land Question." Tho propriety of this subject lui one for discussion at the School of Arts wss pul to the meeting und affirmed.-Before the debate was commenced, Dr. M'Oartney called attention lo the Burns Testimonial Fund. The Treasurer had some £10 in hand ; but ninny of the members had not been spoken toon tho subject. Ho hoped that all would feel called on >o contribute. Mr. Burns'« unccnilug and laborious exertion« to promote tho Interest« of the Insti- tution nero, he hoped, appreciated; and lilli was almost the only way in which they could testily their esteem and reipect. The collectors would be present noxt Thursday; and in the meantime, Mr. Leo would receivo any subscriptions.-We have been Informed by the secretary ol the building commitine that the sum of £1US, half of which was received Irom thcgenorsl fund, und Hie other half from subscriptions, has been sent to tbo Government for a corre,ponding sum, which, when received, will nearly freo the building Irom debt. SronTiNa.-On Thursdny last tho match between the Maid of Australia and the Egg carno otf on the Singleton course-1',4 mile hean; 8tt. each, for £100 a-tlde-and terminated in lavor of tbe Maid. The gentleman furnishing us with the information says-"The Egg at the start went oil first, and kept Ibe lead to tho half- mile post, when the maro shot past him, and carno in an easy winner. For the second heal, the Maid took tba lead Irom tbo first, the Jockey holding Iho whip in his mouth nil the way round; during this heat the mare ran completely round the horse, and it was evident tho horse had no chance. NEWCASTLB-A VESSEL CAPSIZED.-We were In formed by u gentleman who came from Newcastle yes- terday, that about balf-past eight o'clock on Thursday night a barque, tho natue of which our Inlormant could not remember, was cnpsljed on the sand-baak near tho coal «boot«. Captain Wright, we bear, estirante« his loss at £700. The captain, during the bustle, either lost or mislaid a purse containing 70 sovereigns, FAIUIS AXD Town LANDS.-We are requested to call nttentlou to the salea by Dodds and Co., on Monday, at the Rose Inn, West Maitland. They comprise three farms. One 1« an l8 acre farm on the Williams, near Clarence Town, a nutsd agricultural district, with navl. gabla facilities. Another is a farm of 100 acres at E tatong, Wollombi, adjoining Cessnock, hiving good agricultural and dairy qualities, and having an Interest in 1920 acres noarly adjoining. The third Is a farm ol 47J acres of good land, exactly opposite tho centre of Mest Maitland, having extensive river frontage; and of very great value, «a a alto for West Maitland town ex- tension, being only separated from it by the river. Communlaif/d. The CASE of THOMAS WILLMOTT.-The particulars of this case have already been made public. The charges of robbery which had been laid to him were not borne out by any Information received from Melbourne, where it was slated they had been committed It appeared that a man named Wllmott had been trouble some to the police in Melbourne, in 1814, but the defendant was In no way identified as that person. Mr. Minter, who appeared on behalf of the defence, read yesterday a certificate of character from Mr. J. E. Darby, in whose service the defendant lived at Gloucester, Port Stephens, in 1844. He held several other documents In his hand certifying to the defendant's honesty. Mr. O'Meagher asked leave to examine another witness. Emily Bennett was then ex- amined, but she knew nothing whateter against the de- fendant. Upon the application of Mr. Minter he was then discharged. A copy of the depositions were then applied for and obtained, with a view to commence proceedings against the prosecutor, David Penfold. POLIOB UOSINBSS -There were three cuses for hear- ing by the bench, at West Maitland, on Thursday. The first cato was called on shortly after ten o'clock, before Mr. Green. Major Crummer afterwards took his seat. -At East Maitland, yesterday, there was only one cato for hearing by the bench. Major Crummer presided. VAQKAMCT.-Edward Toola waa brought before tho bench on Thursday. He had been found by Sergeant Kerrigan, on the prevloui night, lying on tbo tteps of the Wesleyan Chapel, lie said ho had no placo to go to, and no money. Us requested that tho bench would overlook Iho otfeuoe, and added that he had only coma to Maitland that day. IJo wai mJmon|sbcd and di«, charged. OIIICEKB LAMOUAGE.-On Thursday, Margaret OH* Ile* was charged balure tbo benth with having used obscene language toward' Mary Spence, w|t|iln hearing of passers-by in tho public thoroughfare. Mary Spent» .laied that on the 6th Instant ibu was emptjing lome water from a tub at her door, In Bull-street, when Mar- garet Cuttles and nor sister passed, and used tho Un guago in queation, repeating it afterwards on her ro» turn. She denied having used similar language to- wards Margaret Callie».-Mary Robinson to some ex- tent corroborated her statement. Margaret Castle« denied tile charge nguiu« her, and «aid that tho com- plainant used bad |aniuage. The bench inflicted a fine of 20s. and colts, Or |n default seven days' im ¡jrtioomeni. Tbo fine «as poid, MELuobiiya FLOOR MABKET.-The flour market wn» quiet up to tho timo Of tho arrival of tho Bavftafy from Adelaide, price» being nominal at £22 Ipi to £91 8lnco the delivery of tho advice« received by that steamer £ S3 per ton hal been offered and refuted, Afdtoottrii« Argus, June 8, ADBLAXDB MAUKETS.-We havo Adelaide papers to tho 2nd »"uno. liie »eaorhi from that quarter with res- pect to flour are, ai wat expected, ot an excitod and riling market. In the commercial oolqmn» of the Jleguttr of the 2nd, it I» atatedt-The conlinupd drought at this leaton I» becoming a matter of »erlou» moment, and n bad harve»t ii beginning to bo appre- hended. Flour : But few tranaaclion» wore notified to- day, prices remaining at Saturday's figures, 20( lo 21!. Shipments for Melbourne are going forward wilh groat rapidity ; a «corelly of »hipping '» roll, /rolghts for Mol bourno having reached from 35s lo 40s In sailing vessel» -all boing full. Bran ; Sales at 3» 3d nore effected, and but little offering. Wheal : A» much as 8s 3d lia» keen realised. Offers for first-class samples ((probably seed) wero, however, refuted at Hint figure. Out» and iliirley : Tho market li quite bare of thete commodltlci. Several large Melbourne indents for pearl barley, peat, oatmeal, and other articles for horse feod, remain un- executed, from the low limits and their scarcity. Large profitt aro reported al having been »ads on th» our chaies ol flour and wheat, on Thursday and Friday last. To-morrow's steamer (Havilah) Is lull of flour. A pri- vai« advice, written on the morning of the 2nd, «nye: "Groat excitement has been created In the market,and holders aro now inking £10 (or flour, and 7i Od and 8, for wheat, anil higher rntes aro looked tor ; but the advices from your side do not alvo any Justification lor this sudden advance, and without moro detail lu thl. respect it is difficult to gnesi how the ronrkot will rule Prêtent rates will Induce the growers to »end Into market, and wo «hall then see how stacks stand. Report says they are heavy, but it Is Impossible to obtain accu- rate Information on this point." Another letter state« that snlc« of bran have been effected at St 4d and Si 81 per bushel, that on the morning of tho 2nd instant, a lew lota of flour had been purchased at £20 from second hands, and that the principal miller« had refused to ?eil under £21. Wo loam from the same source that loud complaints of want of rain were being raised by the farmers, and that it was feared that large tracts of tho early «own cropa would have to bore-sown. Oats nre not held In sufficient quantities in South Australia to render it probable that shipments thence will bo likely to affect thu Melbourne market. Candles, butter, and all artilles of ready consumption wero looking up. Uolmonts are quoted at li Od and butler at Ia 3d, Freight« had beon done at 40a per ton, bul at the time of tho departure of the Havilah, 50s per ton was txing asked for flour, and 9d per bushel lor brun.-iltllxmnw I Argut, JuneO. 