EURtOPEtAN NEWS 'To the 20th January. TI. Phcenician; which vessel arrived at Sydney on the 12th instant, left the Downs on the 20th of January, and hasI brought news to the 18th. The only political topic that seemed rising to anything like national interest was the opposition to the income tax, which was being agitated more gene rally every cay. The trial of Pierce, Blurgess, and Tester, for the great bullion robberv on the South-eastern Railway, terminated on the 15th January. Pierce was sen tenced to two years' hard labour, with three months' solitary confinement; Burgess and Tester were sentenced to transportation fbr fourteen years. The trial of Leopold ]ledpathe and Kent, which came off on the 10th of .January, resulted in the acquittal of Kent, and a sentence on Redpath of transportation for the term of his natural life. On the 15th January, Sir E. Bnlwer Lytton was installed as Lord Rector of Glasgow Univertity with great demon strations of enthusiiasm. The assassin Verger, for the murder of the Archbishop. of Paris, was to be tried on the 17th January. He put in an aplpeal against the form of his com mIittal, which was considered by the Conrt of Cassation on the 15th, and rejected. In connection with the impending doom of Verger, we find the followin in the Times, January 17 :-" The case of Verger naturally calls to mind the ceremony of degrndaaion with which a piiest was formally visited before ca pital punishment could be inflicted on him. A French ordonnance, in 1571, was the last which prescribed this terri ble formality. In the 18th century, on the refisal of the Aichbishop of Aix to degrade a priest who had been con demned to death, th" Parliament of Aix declared that for the future secular jus tice could dispense with the degrada tion. The following are the principal incidents of the celemony, which, nc cording to ancient anlthors, never foiled to prodluce an imminse effect on the spectators :-On the scaffold a bishop took his seat on a thronte surllmonnted by.a canopy, with his assistants seated near him, and opposite to them was a lay officer of justice. Near the prelate was a table, on which were places seve ral of the sacred vessels used in the church service, together with vases of wine and water, the Gospels, the Epis tles, a candelabra with an extinguished taper, the book of exorcisms, the book of lessons, keysi a pair of scissors, a piece of glass, and the vestments and ornaments which a priest wears at the altar. The priest to be degraded was brought forward dressed as a layman, and with his hands bound. His bonds were first of all removed, and on a sign firom the bishop he was decked with the ecclesiastical costume by the attendant ipriests. The bishop then rose, and, holding his crozier in his left hand, ex plained to the people the cause of the degradation. The cullprit afterwards knelt at the bishop's feet, and all the persons present bent in prayer. The bishop then pronounced the sentence of degradation in these terms:-' In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Honly Ghost.-Amen. We, - , hav ing ascertained that the crime imputed to thee - , a priest, has been really committed, and is to be.justly punished, and finding that this crime is great, damnable, and enormous, and las not oily offended Divine Majesty, linbut agi tated the whole conntry-we declare that in consequence thou hast rendered thyself unworthy of ecclesiastical func tions and ecclesiastical benefices. There fbore we, by the authority of the Omni potent God, and by our own power, deprive thee now and for ever of thy functions and benefices, and we pro nounce thy degradation according to the tradition of the canons.' This sen tence being pronounced, the bishop, re ceiving the criminal fiom the hatnds of the lay officer, scraped the palms of the criminal's hands with the piece of glass, but without any effasion of blood, in ortlder to remove fiom' him the unction received at ordination. The tonsure was also scraped away in a similar man ner. The priests present then placed in the hands of the culprit water, wine, the consecrated wafer, &c.;, but the bishop snatched them firom him, saying -' \\\o take from thee, or rather we show to the people that we have already takeh fiom thee, the power of offering the holy sacrifice to God, and of cele brating mass either for the living or the dead.' Next, the bishop scraped with a knife or plice of glass the thumb and forefingers of each hand of the culprit, and said-' By this scraping we take i'om thee the power of sacrificing and of blessing wlhich thou hadat received by the unction of thy hands and tlhumbs.' Next, the bishop druigged off ihe clhasubleo tfrom iehind, and alid We justly deprive thee of this sacred vestment, vwhich sigiiifies charity, be cause thou lhast deprived thyself of in nocence.' Then the bishop removed the stole, and said-' Thlou hast disgrace ally rejected tihe sign of God, which is his stole: and tlhat is why we takuo.it from thee, and render it unfit for any eacerdotal purmpose.' The ceremony heie concluded, and tlhe bishop and his at endants withdrew with great pomp and n procession, the sliectators bending" to tho ground beforeo him as he passed' 