LATEST EUROPEAN. A SpoitTiNO Ciiaiiacteb.-At the Oxford assizes, on a trial as to the property in a horse, once belonging to the notorious Palmer, and then to a turf-defaulter, the Hon. F. Lawley, absent without leave of his creditors, the plaintiff Coglan gave this account of himself He had been a merchant's clerk, but went on the turf in 1835. In 1839 he won from a young man named Stratford, the sum of £10,000, at a game called " blind hockey," at the hotel at Strathfieldsaye ; he got bills for the; amount, and raised about 2 5,00 upon them. The money was advanced by a person named Hills, who afterwards brought an action, but did not recover a shilling, as the jury gave a verdict against him, on the ground that Hills was aware at the time that it was a gambling transaction. He had not refund any of the money to Hills, but had applied it to his own purpose, he was insolvent in 1851, and did not pass; his debts being £1,811, and his assests nil ; he was arrested at Liverpool and afterwards passed the Insolvent Court. at Lancaster, but did not recollect what was the amount of his debts then they might have been £18,000 or £20,000. He had assisted Mr. Lawley and Mr. Stanley, and had got bills discounted for Mr. Stanley, by the defendant, at the rate of 40 to 60 per cent., and had been assisted by Mr. Lawley with accommodation bills. One of the witnesses in this case (flamed, a crosss ing sweeper, who was an intimate friend and confidential agent of the Hon. Mr. Lawley) was dressed very stylishly, and wore a gold eye-glass. It may be recollected that the Hon. Mr. Lawley was, three years ago, recommended to the Queen as a proper person to fill a governorship in Australia. The selection was approved by her Majesty, but the propriety of the appointment was questioned in the House of Commons, on the ground that Mr. Lawley, as a private Secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Gladstone turned his opportunities of obtaining information to stock-jobbing account. Out then came the history of the appointment to the governor- ship, and it appeared that Mr. Lawley had been recommended by the Duke of Newcastle to Sir George Grey as a fitting person to govern a colony simply on the ground that he was a man on the turf. The Past, Present, and Future of BmisonA.-It was melancholy to meet so) much squalor, destitution, poverty and pride, us we did at every turn. Everywhere we saw mounds of buried ruins, deserted streets, crumbling houses, desolation, and filth and we thought of the " City of the Caliphs," the once proud Bussora, with its thousand streets, its thousand rivers, its thousand mosques, its thousand gardens, and thousands of playing fountains. Bussora is said to have been founded by the Arab Chief Alabah Ghuzwan, and built by the command of the Caliph Omar, in the twentieth year of the Began, (a. d. 640,) for the sake," so says an old writer, of carrying on more commodiously an extensive commerce between the Syrians, Arabians, Persians, and Indians." The Abba Reynel, in writing of Bussora, valued the merchandize annually brought to it at £525,003 ; of which the English furnished £175,000 ; the Dutch 287 000; and the Moors, Banians, Armenians, and Arabs furnished the remains der." Bussora is situated about midway between the Island of Corea (where oriental traditions place the Garden of Eden) and the Persian Gulf, that part of it anciently called the "Bay of Basrah." It stands on the west bank of that noble stream, the Shat al-Arab, which is navigable for ships of large burden, and is surrounded by a high clay- wall, said to be six miles in circumference, and mounting many cannon. The city, as its name imports, is built on a thick stony soil. It is inhabited by about 60,000 souls, a mixed population of Armenians, Jews, Turks? A rain, and Persians, The land extending between Bussora and the sea, a distance of sixty-five miles, is held by Arabs to be "one of the most delightful spots in Asia, and one of the most beautiful gardens in the world." The city, unfortunately for its inhabitants and commerce, has often changed masters, and been alternately exposed to the irruptions of the Turks, Arabs, and Persians. It was taken, posses non of by its present owners, the Turks, in 1088, "Tut, out, mum," said the purser, to whom I was bemoaning the decline of Bussora, "it will yet arise like the Phoenix from its own ashes, and become again that it was once a rich emporium " Yes," I replied, " when Bussora is the terminus of a railway, and the shipping port of a line of steam vessels." " And why should it not be P Will Argus-eyed Commerce allow, think you, the annual waste worth a dozen Kings' ransoms ever to be lost on the shores bordering the Tigris and Euphrates ? As well think of keeping back the tide as of staying the' progress commerce U fated to make in these lands and how will she do it save by sail and steam ss-From Shepherd's Bombay to Bushire and Bussora. The Chinese Medicine Man The Climax sea have many queer çu8,lpms,aniptig which the method of restoring to life those persons who have been the victims, of suffocation in a. curious and absurd, as, any, A short time since surero,! Chinese were poisoned with the fume of charcoal, and two of them, a man and woman, underwent the process of resuscitation the modus operandi of which was as follows ' " They were laid on the sidewalk in the midst of a large crowd which had been drawn to the spot through curiosity, when their great medicine' man went to work. By his directions, little bits of wood and paper were lighted and strewed over the bodies, and one, if we remember right, was placed in the man's ear. Finding this did no good, the medicine-man took from his pocket a mass of compound which formed, no doubt, a principal agent in his practice of medicine. This substance he lighted, and placed on the man's forehead, and another of the same sort on the woman's. These drugs in burning emitted a heavy smoke, and a most sickening smell, sufficiently disgusting return a living man's stomach ; it was probably expected that if any signs of life remained in the subject (his would fetch them out. The drugs having burned down, and blistered the skin without producing any effect, the medicine man, called for a bucket of water, when, having filled his mouth, he ejected it over the bodies before him, accompanying each shower with a loud exclamation, very much like a man clearing his throat. Having repeated this several times without success, he gave it up as a bad job, and depa'ited.-North Californian. Secrets or Ptnroii and Judges' few days ago, Mr. Henry Mayhew delivered a lecture, in the Brighton Athcnamm, on " The Oddities of London Street Life." In tho course of his lecture he introduced his audience to the Punch and Judy man, who, he said, was a dark pleasant-looking man, of about fifty, who disclosed to him (Mr. Mayhew) a few secrets of his profession. He was formerly a gentleman's footman, but adopted the business for " money gains. " ° When first he took it he cleared from £2 to £3 a week he and his " pardner." He felt it somewhat derogatory to come from a footman's place to such a career ; but, still, " Punch and Judy was a trade, he said, which once took to, cannot be got rid of. If you enter any other situation the boys would see you, and cry out " There's Punch behind the counter serving out the customers !"-(Laughter.) The performances had to be varied to suit the tastes of two classes of persons the comic and the sentimental. The comic people always liked him to kick up all the games he possibly could ; but, to the sentimental, he had to perform very steadily, and leave out all the comic words and business. They would have no ghost, no coffin, and no devil, and that's what he called spoiling the performance altogether. As regarded the earnings, the showman said he could obtain £5 for weeks running, and had taken as much as £2 10s. a day ; but now 5s. a day was the most that could be made, and that had to be divided between the " man in the frame and the "drum and pipes." Sometimes they had short and long "pitches." A " short pitch is where the show is set down, the drum and pipe play up, and when they get 3d. they " hook it ;" and " long pitches" consist of half an hour's performance, the proceeds of which average Is. Punch's audiences were next scrutinized. Boys were a great nuisance. They would follow the show for miles, would get into the host places, would throw their caps into the frame, pick holes in the baize to peep through, and .' custom" added the man, " they haven't got a garden to bless themselves with. (Laughter.) Nurses were no good, for even if their mothers gave the "little dears" a penny, they would take the money to buy ribbons. Soldiers again were bad, for they not only had no money, but, what was worse, they had no pockets. A street down once told him (Mr. Mayhew) that when his wife was confined he jumped " Jim Crow" for twelve hours in the mud and wet of the street, and he carried home that night to his almost starving family the sum of 15d. as the result of his days' exertions. There was a poor old blind hardy gurdy woman, he once knew. She had learnt to play on the hurdy-gurdy for a living. She called it a cymbal-the hardy surely was not the real name. " The cymbal," she said, " is not hard to play, sir, for King David played on one of those instruments. I first learned to play ' God save the King, the Queen that now is, sir." (Laughter.) When Mr. Albert Smith was preparing the Mont Blanc, he asked him (Mr. Mayhew) to recommend him a hurdy-gurdy player, and he mentioned this one, whose name was " Old Sairey." Being blind she did not know what her pupil wanted to learn for but she imagined that it was for getting a living in the streets. Accordingly, she told him " to keep the leather well! down over the cymbal, is the ha'pence were very liable to fall into the works." (Much laughter.) Cannibalism in New Caledonia French correspondent of the Echo du Paci/t/a writes from Kanala New Caledonia, on the 1st March, 1866:-" As I told you in my letter of the 26th of November last, I live at Kanala, one of the finest ports of the Island, and situated in a district which is one of the most fertile and most thickly-peopled, (with savages be it understood.) I landed here on the 16th of October, with an American who came from Tahiti, where, he said, he had been American Consul. He was named John Record. The savages made so unfavourable an impression upon him that he continued his voyage to China, where, no doubt, he is at present. In my last I informed you that I was about to a set out for Noumea. I was the first to open this route. I was accompanied by a young man from Frankforf>on- the-Maino. It would be too long to tell you all that I have seen ' among these tribes, In the interior of the island the savages had never seen white men and they came and touched and looked at one with astonishment, striking their thighs with their hands, and bursting into loud laughter j then all of a sudden they began jumping, dancing, whistling, and howling, brandishing their clubs, and throwing their spears, to a prodigious distance, at the trunks of the trees; striking them in the centre and they did all I this with astonishing vivacity and skill, They are naked-absolutely naked. The warriors in full dress, wear a white plume an the head, a scarf, made of the bark of trees, and about two feet long, tied around the left wrist and on the right arm a bracelet of shell, which is the token of command. At the same time, they blacken their faces and breasts with a very thick, black oil, which they make from a nut growing, in the country, (I believe this nut is called Mongaule.) They are oanuihi!s,and I have been present at several feasts on human flesh. When a tribe is at war, they send to an allied tribe for a banquet the first two or three prisoners which they take. The chief receives this present with great ceremony, assembles all his people, and addresses them with a breathless volubility. The address, finished, dancing commences, nucwn.pan.iod with dreadful howls and shrieks. They often sent for me to assist at their feasts, The chief of each tribe is called Alibi, and. the grand chief who commands several tribes is called Alikihai. The chief Ariki distributes the parts of the deal body, One of those savages, taking a portion of the calf of a log, told me that was the daintiest bit of the whole body, in the place of knives, of which they have done, they make use of the loaf of a reed with who h they cut off fine slices, put them between two ban ina leaves, and cook them on the live coals. They often invited me to partake of their repasts telling me it was excellent. I made them understand that the Qui Qui did not eat) their fellowmen. Out Out is the name they have given us," Cantu AND Tom Bints.'--The Eastern Prince has stated Iq writing, that under the rule, of the Tae Rings the Bible will be substituted for the Sacred Books of Confucianism, as the text-book in the public service examination. The resolve of the Tae 'Kings to make the Bible the text-book at their Public serve j Examinations, will cause a number of intelligent Chinese private gentlemen as well as officials, and all of them masters of their own language-to devote themselves to the study of Hebrew and Greek, in order to read the book in the original languages. And as, in order to do this, they will in the first place learn the English the common language of the two great peoples with whom they have most intercourse, numbers of channels will thus be opened through which will pour into China constant streams of Anglo-Saxon liners nature, and Anglo Saxon ideas, mingling at the very fountain-head, with the flow of Chinese mental life, A prospect is hereby disclosed of a rapid assimilation of fundamental beliefs and consequent peaceful and mutually beneficent extension of free intercourse and free-trade, which, I repeat, it is in vain to hope for in any other way-Mr. Meadow? Week in China. What tub Government has Song-The reduction of the estimates is the only course which remains and as we are now in the second year of peace with our arsenals super- abundantly supplied, the Government can have no pretence for saying that the expenditure of the present year ought to exceed by £8,000,000 the amount to which, on their hypothesis, they will be restricted a few years hence. If a further reduction of the estimates for the present year is not possible, neither will it be possible to effect the necessary saving in the four following years and on this supposition the Government has not a justification for the relinquishment of the great portion of the tax. If the income-tax is really to end in 1860, the reduction of the national expenditure ought to be at once. It is not for us to pronounce whether this is practicable or not. But if the debate should lead to a revision of estimates, what is to be said of a Government which first deliberately prepared military and naval estimates to the amount of £25,000,000, then cut them down by 6,000,000 or 7,000,000, in obedience to agitation out of doors, and then finds the way to make a further large reduction at the bidding of the House of Commons. It is clear that the budget cannot stand as it issues urday Review. ' EXTRAORDINARY FEAT OF HORSEMANSHIP. -On Wednesday night, one of the most venturous and successful equestrian performances ever perhaps witnessed took place at the club house, in this city. A number of gentlemen connected with the Kilkenny Hunt was assembled in the club-room, when a wager of 100 sovereigns was offered by Mr. John Courtnay, of Ballyemuod, county Cork-a veteran sports- man, who has hunted over this county for the last forty years that he would ride his grey hunter, then in stable, from the yard of the hotel, up the stairs, into the club-room, and jump a fire screen and two chairs within the latter. The bet was accepted by Messrs. Barnard and White, who wore present. Mr Courtney immediately, notwithstanding the urgent remonstrances of his servant, who even wept in his dismay, proceeded to the yard, mounted, and rode up stairs. The beautiful training of the animal was the admiration of a large number of persons who witnessed the proceeding as he ascended the two flights of stairs, without making a false step. Horse and rider then entered the club-room, in which a tolerable high fire screen was placed 1 upright between the backs of two chairs. The jump was to be taken across the breadth of the room but it was accomplished in the most gallant style, notwithstanding the difficulty arising from the glare of the lamps, and the want of sufficient vantage room. Air Courtnay then rode down the stairs in the same way-a fists even more perilous and difficult than the ascent inasmuch as that the steps are sheeted with brass. Kilkenny Journal. How Tutohs are paid A short time since there appeared an advertisement requiring a tutor for a family in Yorkshire, to attend to eight or nine boys. This was answered, says a correspondent by a friend of mine, (which- tained high degrees in his university offering to teach classics, mathematics, modern languages, and the usual course of a gentleman's education. You may judge of my surprise when I saw the" answer my friend received, which was as follows in' Dear Sir,-In answer to yours, of the 30th March, respecting your application for the tutorship advertised in The Times'. You would be treated as one of my own family in every respect, with the exception of the washing. 2. You would decidedly have the entire control over your pupils. S. I am a member of the Church of England, and the stipend which I offer is £20 per annum." To which my friend very properly answered as follows :-" Mr. e, presents his cor- pliments to Mr.--, and begs to say that he cannot help thinking the stipend offered is intended as a joke, believing it impossible that any gentleman would willingly offer so great an insult to another. Mr." would recommend Misto avail himself of the services of one of his own farm- labourer as that would in all probability (if not too expensive) answer the purpose he has in view." Duglm.vo.-This has now become an obsolete practice, The world and the Legislature have put it down, officers have seen the folly, the barbarity of the old mode of demanding satisfaction, and a duel is now a much rarer occurrence than a deliberate murder. It is now a breach of military law to fight a duel. In all cases, both principal and seconds must undergo the ordeal of a court martial, involv- ing the rick of loss of commission, and in fatal cases the risk of being indicted for manslaugh- ter or murder. Nor are insults and outrages more frequent from suppression of the chief on the contrary, I believe they are reduced in number ; nor is the vindication of ins ted honour the less, but satisfaction is obtained by other measures. When an insult is offered, the usual course to follow is to leave the spot immediately and without altercation, and either by letter or the medium of a friend, to demand explanation and apology. In most cases, this is complied with, but if it is more than the alternative is to make a public complaint to the commanding officer and leave the affair in his hands. To take no measures to obtain reparation for insulted honour, subjects the officer insulted to the ordeal of a court: martial Advice la Officers in India, by John McCosh, MM. Cqicruit liNOLisn.-" Ignore" is a word that ought never to be used, but in the languages of law and of commerce. When the jury, whose province it is to find bills of indictment before Justices of the peace and gaol delivery, cannot find a true bill against some-, body who stands charged with an offence, the bill is said to be ignored. The word may be used also with reference to commercial bills. But now, if I happen to be short-sighted, and pass young De Robinson in the street without recognition, he tells me, with a sneer, the next time he speaks to me, that I ignored his existence-can anything be more frightful as Incontinoiit."-Ten years ago this ugly word signified something unseemly, or had reference to somebody who was unchaste. It was also employed with strict propriety by waters of medical works and surgical treatises At present it means anything and everything, and nothing at all in particular. A few weeks ago the Premier himself, in his harangue at Liverpool, (if I mistake not spoke of somebody's display in the House of Commons being incontinently cut short. All must defence ledge, that Uwana most excellent order, and the noble lord, probably is a very considerable what ; but of this I am certain, that Mr. CauDBig, who said rosny funny things in Liverpool, never perpetrate b a joke in that great town at the expense of the English language -B. M. Alexander,-Athenäum. A Chief Justice " Brawling" in the Cnuncn.-The two learned Judges now presiding in the Courts at Warwick Assizes, attended St. Mary's Church of the ancient town on Sunday morning last. The Rev. Albert Reader, the assistant n Minster, read the service, and in the course thereof commenced to read the prayer usually offered during the sitting of Parliament, doubtless unaware that Parliament had been dissolved the previous evening, Lord Campbell, who was cognizant of the fact of the dissolution, created some excitement by exclaiming, " No no, there is no Parliament!" upon which the river end gentlemen desisted from putting up an useless sup- plication 