NEW SOUTH WALES. Our advices from Sydney bow extend to the 26th of September. Subjoined is a summary of the principal news : — THE MINISTERIAL ELECTIONS. Mr Cowper, the new Premier, was re-elected for the city. of Sydney, on the 22nd, without opposition. Re turning thanks to the electors, he proceeded to sketch the following outliue of his policy : — I feel that on my assuming office it was generally ex pected that I should dissolve the Parliament, and I will therefore state why it was not considered desirable to take that step. It will be in the recollection of some of dissolve the Council, his Excellency at that timo did not think it right to follow this advice, and consequently as His Excellency disagreed with his advisers, we tendered our resignations, and allowed the others, who had. car ried what amounted to a vote of censure, to succeed ns in office. Now I think it is a very remarkable fact that this vote which was passed by twenty-six to twenty three, was exactly the same number which voted for my amendment on the Electoral Bill, and which caused the late Ministry to retire before us. But we are now in offico, and I am quite willing to let bygones be bygones, and to devote ourselves exclusively to the performing of those duties which devolve upon us. (Cheers.) No doubt, our first measure to propose would have been the Electoral measure. Had circumstances been favorable there is no doubt it would have been the first, but circumstances render it impossible for us to (leal with that question this session. Even' although the technical point of introducing a measure of the same object during the same session was got rid of, there is a 'still greater objection which was discovered only during the debate on the Electoral Bill. It would be impossible to pass the act under the terms of tho Con stitution Act, unless passed by a majority of two thirds. Therefore our labors would be iu vain until we heard from England whether the Constitution Amend ment Act had received the royal assent or not. No doubt, if the late ministry had chosen to take the res ponsibility on themselves, and which the letter of the Secretary of State gave them almost power to do, they would have advised his Excellency to assent to it at Once. They did not choose to take that course, and the OA ,Lra m.of M.» result. When our affairs are favorable to tho intro duction of such a measure, myself and colleagues will not shrink from briuging forward a liberal bill. We shall not adopt the principlo of the late Electoral Bill, but we shall produce a bill which, while it will give satisfaction to the largest constituencies, will not do any injustice to others'. Population, I believe, is the only correct basis for such a bill to be framed on. (Cheers.) That opinion is not expressed by me to-day for the firtt time. You will find it printed in my speech on the debate on the Constitution Act, when that bill passed through the House. I stated the view I took of the matter when I objected to the Constitution Act and tha Electoral Act, because it set aside this great prin ciple. With regard to tho various measures alluded to to-day — the Electoral Bill, when we shall have pre sented it for Parliament, if we remain in office long enough to do' to, will gisp satisfaction to the large con stituencies, as well, as I said before, do no injustice to the others, but will carry out those views which will give satis action to the community whose interest is en trusted to our charge. (Mr M'Encroe : What pro vision for minorities?) A suggestion has been mado that provision should be made in favor of minorities. I quite admit this question is one for our serious con sideration, and the ' matter has come under the con sideration of some high authorities at home, and if it is carried out satisfactorily to the community at large, J have no doubt we shall take that step in dealing with this great question. (Mr M'Encroe : It is for that I have given him my support. Cheers and laughter.) Having received Mr M'Encroe's sup port, I have no doubt no other candidate could stand against me. (Cheers and laughter.) We coma now to deal with the land question. It has been currently stated that a measure, dealing with that question will be laid before tho House very shortly after the recess. This subject lias received our serious con sideration, and we are. far advanced with the arrange ment of a bill bearing on this question. It will be an Act not only to deal with the- sale of land, but also with the occupation of land. I may state that although con siderable opposition was made last year to the idea of the price of land being reduced, it appears that a consider able change has taken place iu public opinion sinco that period, and psrhaps no greater proof of this could be given than that the late Ministry, who were com posed of gentlemen who ? then said they would not lower the price of land— did introduce a bill which was to lower the prico of land even down to tlie figure named when I wa3 first in the Ministry — ? namely, of 53 per acre. I say there can be no greater proof of a change in public opinion than that the lato Ministry felt themselves bound to reduce the price of hnd to 53 per acre. I apprehend, therefore, that these gentlemen will not be surprised to see that we intend to carry out what they were about to undertake. I must, before I pasa on to other matters, state that I differ from what fell from Mr Piddington with reference to selling land on credit. We have considered that question, and decided in the negative. We think, with Mr Williamson, that the great question is to give greater facilities to the occupation of land, and to re-' move the difficulties of getting it surveyed, and this can only be done by great departmental reform, so that a man that is prepared to take laud and settle on it can have it at oncc, instead of wasting and squandering his money in publio-houses. The difficulties which Mr Piddington has enumerated will, by this measure, ba overcome, because the land will be surveyed in con siderable quantities, so that the people will not be pressing for sale3 on each other ; after a man has fairly fixed on land, it will be offered at auction, and he will be able to purchase it without that ruinous competition and delay which has been the cause of ruin to so many individuals for years past. . With regard to the occupation of Crown lands, perhaps under the cir cumstances of the colony a more difficult question than the sale of land, we shall be prepared to respect the pledges made to the occupants ; but a great reforai will be introduced into a system of rendering tho estates open to cultivation, and so pave the way to a total change of the present system. I must say that we have not determined to abolish the system of sale of land by auction ; we do not feel ourselves justified in abolishing this system. Our object will be to increase the facili ties for survey and occupation, and so prevent the grievances which are attributed to the sale of land by auction, therefore the whole of the country will bo open to those who are eager for the acquisition of land, and I the objections which havo been made by those indi viduals who object to go to auction will not be so great as have hitherto been felt. I think we ought not to | £ive too great a facility to persons to rent land, but I ?'the great object is to get them to buy land, and so become freeholders of tha land they occupy. (Cheers.) Mr Jones, the new Finance Minister, has alse re gained his seat for the county of Durham. H« was re elected on the 25th without opposition. A QIIOST AT WOLLOMBI. We find the following in the Maitland Mercury of yesterday : — A rather incredible tale has been narrated by several persons from Wollombi, whilst in Maitland during tho assizes. The statement has been corroborated so far that the woman who says she has been favored vith a visit from a denizen of another world is known to reside on the Quarrybolong ostato, and in tho cottage which is referred to. The story ruus thus : — A woman named Laskett, shortly after her arrival in tha country, some three years since, went and took up her abode in a hut on the Quarrybolong estate, the property, we beliove, of Mr Close. Frequently Mrs Laskett imagined that Bhe saw a something ' which she could not describe, appa rently playing at liide and seek behind the trees, and then around the liut, but having no belief in ghosts she put it down as an optical delusion. Within the last six months, however, this mysterious something assumed a more natural form. At first it appeared like a bundle of women's clothes, suspended in the air, and used to delight in hovering over a water-hole in the creek, a little distance from Mrs Laskett's hut ; but the momen tary fear and trepidation which was occasioned by this apparition haying subsided, nothing more was thought of it. At last the woman's clothes, when next seen, were on an apparently aged female ; her face was pale and wan, and miserable to look upon. Lifting up one of her hands she beckoned Mrs Laskett to follow her; but flesh and blood could not stand the fright, and tho poor woman had fainted. Night after night this ghostly visitor appeared, but fright prevented Mrs Laskett from obeying her injunction. At length she determined upon the next visit to muster up courage enouah to address the ghost, and ask her why she continued to haunt her. The next night came, and at the usual hour the ghost appeared, looking a shade more, miserable than on pre vious occasions. Mustering up courage, Mrs Laskett said 'Who are you? ' The ghost then told her that her name was , and that many years ago, she resided in that hut, that whilst there she had been foully murdered by ? ? , nnd beckoning with her hand, she said, 'Follow me, and I will, show you whore I lie buried.' Mrs Laskett followed, and was taken down to this waterhole over which she had so often seen the strange sights. The ghost was silent until arriving at the hole, when turning round she said, ' My body is .there,' and disappeared. Since then Mrs Laskett had not been troubled with her visitor. Not knowing what to think of this apparition and dis covery, Bhe decided upon asking the advice of herneigh bors. The story created some excitement, and this ex citement was increased when, upon searching the record of the Wollombi police court, it was discovered that a woman named ? had resided in that hut, and that sho had disappeared in a most mysterious manner. A private inquiry, wo are told, was held, and Mrs Laskett was questioned and oross-questioned, bnt her story was iu no way shaken. They were unable, however, to test its truth, by searching for the supposed body in the water hole, in consequence of the quantity of water at present in it, but intend, we believe, doing so when it subsides. We are also told that the person who was named as the murderor is still residing in the district. What makes this strange story. ' more wondrous strange,' is the fact of Mrs Laskett being only a new hand in the colony, and therefore unacquainted with either the names of tho former occupants of her house or with the circumstances of the mysterious disappearance of an aged woman. In response to a respectable requisition, Mr Jame3 Dickson has addressed the . electors of Maitland and Morpeth as a candidate for the seat in the Legislative Assembly left vacant by the death of Mr Nichols. Earthquake. — A letter from a clergyman in the Maneroo district, received by a gentleman in Sydney, mentions the following few particulars respecting a slight shock of an earthquake which was felt on the pre vious Sunday. He says — ' This morning, at twenty three minutes past eight, we lud another smartish shock of earthquake. If anything it was stronger than the last, .because as the children were all about talking, &c..; it must have been strong to have attracted' onr notice so much. My wife was m.uch alarmed, and forthwith wished herself back in Sydney. The people generally, I find, take no notice of such things, but I alluded to it in my sermon, with, I hope, some good effect.' . Tub Floods on the Hunter. — We are informed flin.ht.liw flnmmiqqinnflrs for RjiilwavH have hflan directed to take immediate steps for a survey of the low lands adjoining the Hunter, .from West Maitland to Hexham, iu order to ascertain the most effectual means for miti gating the evils that may be apprehended from future floods. Railway from Penrith to Batiiurst.— Mr Hen derson, C.E., having received instructions to proceed immediately with his survey of the proposed railway from Penrith to Bathurst, is now engaged in formiag a staff necessary for the completion of the undertaking. Tne Pitoairn Islanders. — We are informed that the Governor- General took with him to Norfolk Island, in H. M.S. Iris, the books, maps, globe3, &c.;, which have been bought with the funds subscribed in Sydney for the purchase of a library to be presented to tho Pit cairn Islanders, as a gift from the inhabitants of New South Wales. — Herald. 