IHB MAYOR'S FANCY BALL.-Satisfactovily aa the mayorality of lils present worship has hitherto pro grossed, we tear that he is cutting from under his feet u largo poition of the ladder of popularity upon which ho usce-nJed to the dignified position ha enjoys. Wo allude to his Worships strango persistency in his llxturo of a Friday night for his entortninment, in tho fnco of its ovident inexpediency, mid the urgent yet respectful re- monstrances which hiivo bcon addressed to lura by the Israehtish community, who by his Worship's edict will bo virtually excluded. We may also remind Mr Thorn- ton that the Bonum Catholics amongst his guests will bo unable to pay their devoirs to theTol'reshmcnts provided, until «(ter the last stroko of 12, on Friday, so that in point nf funt a most unfortunate selection has been mado lot the night of tho ball. Wo do trust that his Worship will accedo to an alteration ; and so provo that his pro- mises whan n c.andidAto for tha suffrages of tbo citi/.ons, faithfully to consult the wishes of all classes, will bo ro doomed in his cbaiactcr of Chlof Magistrate on tho forth- coming occasion. FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.-A great deal ol' excitement lias boen caused this week by an extraordi- nary addition to Mr Wilcox's menagerie, in tho shapo or ii monster ñlornk, lately imported from one of tho South Sea Islands hy Hie good bhlp "Oberon." mid purchased ata high llguro by the spirited naturalist of Hunter-strcot. Arriving in the colony at tho same lime as the " Emu." although from a totally dureront quarter of the globe, it possesses a singular resemhlnnco to that iron-eating bird, and public attention is divided betweon theso two impor- tant arrivals of the week. Tho di Heron co is in sho, in tho plmnago, (which more resembles that of the Cas- sowary), and that instead of flippers which aro used in tho place of wings to accelorato tho spcod of the larger bird, the Morttk has, on either side four black quills freo from featliors, rosambling ihoso upon the " fretful por- cupine." The habits of this bird aro very peculiar; whon in search of its natural food, ¡t inserts its beak Into the sand and warbles most melodiously. Like the "JOruu,*' tho Mont/,- comes from Great Britain, that baing tho namo of the island that has been rondcrcd famous by giving birth to such a " rnra avis in territ". Great credit is due to Mr Wilcox for his exertions to introducá into this country tho first species of an entirely now genus of the ornithological race, and wc trust that his success with his wild beasts may equal that of .' Morok," the beast tamer, in the " Wandering Jew." Wo can assuro intondlng visitors that tlio bird is not a deception, and that it has not been long enough in the colony to loso any of its primitive habits, although placod In thu next cago to a CIII;ETAII. Tljp MonuK thrives wonderfully well, and as a proof of its digestive powers boing quite equal to those of its opposito neighbour the " Emu," wo may mention the fact, that it has swallowed tho key of its den. and is not therefore, likely by escaping to disappoint tho expectations of amateurs ia natural history, who may leal inclined to pay a visit to Hunter street. PEIN AND CHAMPAGNE.-A ludicrous scene occurred at Pcin's Photographic Gallery the other day. This talented artist had just completed in succession tho portraits of a family, consisting of a gentleman, his wifo, and daughter, and was about to concludo bia efforts by handing down to posterity the only remaining ropro scntutlvo of tho race then and thero presout, when turniog round to call tho attention of tho young gen- tleman to tho vacant chair, ho was surprised to observe a figure elad in a complete suit of mail, already ensconced in the corner, gazing through his closed visor upon nu in- teresting sketch which appears upon tho blind of ona of tho windows in Mr Pain's studio, representing a romantic village in Switzerland. Tho horror-struck appaaranco of tho affrighted paronts may be better imagined than described. Their glances wandered from the farm-house to tho figuro, and tho terror occasioned by auch n closo view of tho ghost of the hamlet was fearful in the oxtremc. Their consternation was however quickly dissipated by the ghost taking off his helmet and disclosing the wolt knuwn features of their own son. It appears that the artist upon completion of the daughter's likeness, had remarked to the old gentleman that ho was afraid the sun would not come out so strong' nud tho father's reply that ho had better take another glafj, had been adopted in a literal sense by young Hopeful, who had taken ad- vantage of the few minute's delay in preparing tho ap- paratus to enliven his appo-vrauca by imbibing the con- tents of a bottle of champagne in order to come out very strong, and had quietly ensconced himself in a suit of armour which stood in tho cornor of the room. CELESTIAL COURTSHIP.-Marriages arc said to bo mado in Heaven, although thoy aro generally con- summated upon earth. This fact was exemplified on Tuesday last, in a wedding half celestial, half tcrrcstial solemnized at Petersham, by the Rev. Dr. Fullerton Tho bridegroom was a Chinaman, and tlio brido, an Irishwoman. Ho was attended by half a dozon of his Tartar lriends. and six fair damsols from Cork acted as bridesmaids for her. Tho festivities wore kept up with great spirit; rice being in honor of the bridegroom, ono of tbo principle dishes at the dejeuner a la chopsticks whilo tho fair representatives of Hibernia regaled themselves with some heavenly murphies, and au cxcellont supply of "gunpowder" mudo Hu- alfairgo off with great eclat. It is to be regretted that tho spectators should have so little respected tho hymeneal ritcsns havo oxpresscd their dissatisfaction in so unequivocal a manner. Wo under- stand that a demonstration approaching to outrago was made upon tlio doparturo of tbo gay cavalcade, from the bride's rosi- doñeo, and that, but for tho interference of the pollco, the bridegroom would have been rendered It hors de combat, is a common thing fur married people to find out when too late, that they have chosen unwisely; butin this caso the bride having voluntarily caught a Tartar, has on reason to complain of her lot. " As sho has mado her bed so she must expect to Ho on it." MESALLIANCE.-Bridget Lester of tlic Parra matta-road, has boon informing the public this week through tho daily papers, that unless her husband makes good his claim upon her, sho will bo under the necessity of scoking another helpmate vice Thomas, who will then havo to resign all protonalons to her. Short is tho shrift which Giddy allows to her absent lord, whon sho tolls him that if ho comos not in "threo months timo", sho will givo him no moro "quartor". Tho unhappiness of a singlo Ufo is strikingly exemplified by this decided-stop on the part of Biidget, and will probably bo kconly felt by "Tho widow's livo husband, and tho man that was doad", when ho finds upon his return that his wlfo has forsnkon him for a stranger. Bridgohat s no doubt well calculated the consequences of her conduct, and finding that tho absence of har natural protector placed har in a vary awk- ward position, and subjected her to many inconveniences, has determined by marrying a second time to place it out of any one's power to MIS-LEBTER. UN-NATURAL HISTORY.-Among the facts and scraps of English news which havo reached us by tho "Emu" this week, the following paragraph from a Liver- pool paper, seems lather extraordinary:-"A'Bear'who has recently much astonished his colleagues at Vienna by tho splendour of his equipage and the oleganco of his country-houso, has been airestcd for forging the signature of some of tlio Vienna bankers", 1 he fact of a bear astonishing the nativos is nothing new, a9 animals of this class generally ereato a sensation wherever they go; but that he should surpass all the "Lions" of Vienna in tho splendour of his equipages, and the eloganco of his country-houso is at once marvellous and interesting, mid we aro prepared to seo tho usual consoquaneen of a fast career in tho arrest of poor Bruin for forgory; for a fatal draft has drawn him to ruin, and the Vionna ban- kers can nolongor "boar" him. RATHER TOO MUCH TO EXPECT. - Tlie ntimbor of losses which aro daily mado known in tho Oth column of our rospoctod contemporary, tho Herald, aro only equalled by tbo variety of tho things lost. On Thursday, independently of wives and husbands, most of whom would be considered no loss at all. and tho many other absurd announcements from peoplo ' lost' to all sense of propriety, tho public were acquainted withlho following list of articles missing-' A sorvant's box'/tho .Lifo of General Holt', a ' ROBO Cockatoo parrot*, *a pocket-book', a .title-deed', a * dog-ptip', a « gold watch', a'bay more', and a'remarkable penknife'. It is to bo hoped that many of theso will ho recovered, but it would ho id lo to expect to rostoro tbo lifo of tho d'enoral, and the approprlator of the penknife has in all probability 'cut' with it alroady. A TRAIT OP HIGH BRERDINO.-A friend of ours remarked the other dny that ho possessed n fine Cuba bloodhound, standing 3-1 inches in height. A wag, who happonod to overhonr the observation, naively said, "a very little moro, and he would havo bcon a good "yard dog". Wo recommoml tho own or of the animal to profit by his fina proportions, nnd send him to reaolvo instruc- tion at Mr Barton's training school at the Prince of Wales Theatre, whoro ho will got "hiro" ovory day. SINGULAR COINCIDENCE.-At three o'clock on Monday last the Aldormon of this city met nt the Town Hall, King-street, to transaot tho business of the Corpo- ration) and at precisely the samo hour 3 fino turtlo mado thoir appearanco at the,oluco of Mossrs Haigh and Ashlin, brokers of Pitt-street. Thoy romninod in tlieso places for about three hours without any motion boing made worth mentioning, cither on tho part of the Alder- men or the turtle. ' THE DIVOHOE CASB OP OAMPDELL, v. CAMP-DEI,!. (Abridged from tho Jioine AViw, June Ifilb.) In this case a bill presented lo the House of Lards hy Mr Alexander Campbell, o I 39. Albemarle Btrcct, Picca- dilly, by which ho sought to bo divorced from Maria his wlfu. cnnie on Tor considérai ion nu tho äünd of May. Mr J. Wilde, Q.C., and Mr Blackburn, appeared for the petitioner. > Tlio agent for Mrs Campbell being unprovided with counsel, retained Mr > Macqueen, who was present, tu appear for his client. Mr Wildo having utated tlio casa, called the following witnesses :- *» Mr Falconer, of Melbourne, was acquainted with Mr Campbell, and knew Mrs Cambell boforo her marriage. Was present'at ihc marriage, IIQ then resided in Sydney. He was on intimate terms with thom afterwards, and they appeared to live most happily up to 1851. when ha loft Sydney. Ho returned in l8.13, and renewed his Inti- macy with tlicm, and they still appeared to livo happily. Captain Green, who was captain of tbo Vimicrn, the vessel in which Airs Campbell rame home, was in tho habit of Maying nt Mr Campbell's houso when ho was in Australia. They lived happily. Mm Campbell was n passenger in his ship last year. Garstln was also a pas- senger. Ile paid particular attention to Mrs Caaijiboll during the voyago. Ha was ofton in her cabin, wailing on hor. She lind six children and two maid servants with her. Hu visited Mr and Mrs Campbell in Craven street. He went thero first on the day after Mr Camp hell arrived, Mr Garstln was thero. Something occurred nhont Garstin's mixing some brandy and water for Mrs Campbell. Mr Campbell remarked on it. Mrs Campbell was very ill during the voyage; at one time it was thcught sho would have died.. A Mrs Kgannasn passenger on board. Mr Garstin's attentions bogan before Mrs Campbell was ill. Hor illness was caused by a miscarriage Harriet Nunn, cook to Mr Bell, of 19, Blomfield-road \- Mrs Camp!»eil, her children, and two sorvants, came to the housa in April last. Tho children and servants carne first, then Mr Garslin and Mrs Campbell together. Ho was not expected, as the lodgings were taken for Mrs Campbell. Mr Garstln stayed to dinner, and went away in the ovoning. Tho noxt day Mr Garstin. risked to havo a bed made up in a dressing-room leading out of Mrs Campboli's bedroom. The room was got ready for him. Witness understood ho slept thero. Thero were other rooms ho might havo had; .and the bed wai mado there becnuso Mrs Campbell wished it. Ho did not sleep In tho other room. Ho staved in the house for moro than a fortnight. He passed his time, and had his rocftla with Mrs Campbell. He caine into the kitchen to smoke. Mrs Campbell carno with ¡him. Witness bad seen him put lils arms roand her neck in tho kitchen. Mrs Camp boll stayed throe weeks. Mr Garstin left beforo she went-a wook beforo. Afterwards some one carno to ask about Mrs Campbell and Mr Garstin. Witness knew Mary Ann Agnr, the maid. Sho carno thero and said Hint if Mr Campbell carno thora we wore not to say Mr Garstln stayed in the house. Mary Wyldo, housekeeper, 9, Cravon-strcct, Strand On tho 2nd of May (a Friday) last, Mrs Campboll, six childron, and two nurses, carne to lodge there. On the following day a gentleman carno at night, who asked for Mrs Campbell. Ho saw the nurse. Mary Ann Agar asked witness to made a bed for him. Sho sent him to 41, and a servant carno from 41 to ask, if he was coming, and witness want upstairs and into the room whero,Mrs Campbell and Mr G.arstin wore. Silo was sitting in a chair, and ho was lying at her feet on tho fl ior with his hand up her petticoats. Hor hair was dishevelled. Wit- ness asked if the gentleman was ready to go over, and Mrs Campbell said no, they had something to talk of, and a bed could bo mado for him on the sofa. Witness went into tho .sitting- room next morning. Mrs Campbell was thero. Witness heard'the gentleman onco in the bedroom. Sho could seo all over the room. The cur- tains of the bed wore drawn, and tho volco carno from tho bod. Part of his clothes woro lying about. Witness did nut know Mr Campbell at that time. Mrs Campbell was in har night- dress. Thu gentleman stayod all Sunday, and did not go over to his lodgings up to tho timo witness went to bod. Sho heard him go out at S o'clock in the morning. Ile had luggago with him which was marked "Garstin". On Sunday sho heard MM Campbell call bim "Garstin". Ho was of middling height, had dark hair and oyes, and was about 30. On tUo Monday ho con- trived to pass his time with Mrs Campbell, breakfasted and dined with her. Mrs Campboll was takon poorly, and he remained nil night, and ho was ia her bedroom, lie had his coat off. Next day witness Baw Mr Uarstin, ho remained up to Tuesday evening. Mrs Campbell went over to 41 that evening to dine with bim, and she remained there. Oo tho 7th of J une Mrs Campbell carne back to No. 9. Mrs lCgan was lodging thero, and Mrs Campbell stayed ns a visitor with Kgan. Mr Garstin visited her there. Witness saw Mrs Campbell and Mr (jarbtin sit in her boil room atdiflbrcnl times. Had heard Mr Garstin lot himself in with a Intch-kcyv Witness' roora was below Mrs Campbell's, and ¡.ho had heard the footsteps of a man there. W hilo Mrs Campbolt was at Mrs Egan*s| Mr Campbell came there, nnd tried to por suado Mrs Campbell to go homo. Sho said sho would not go home, he had accused her wrongfully, and she would not go. Mrs Campbell stayed with Mrs Egan lill tho 15th of June, when she went away to Porchcsior strcot. On the first ovening Mr Campbell, carno to Craven-street, Mr G .au tin had jost left. Garstln came hack directly Mr Campboll was gone. Witness some- times knew the door to bo bolted when Mrs Cuinpbcll ami Mr Garstin wera together. Mr Campbell carno on tho 27th of June to inquire of witness about Mrs Camp ball, nnd .sho told him what she had now stated. Mr Garstin supped at Craven-street with Mr and Mrs Camp- bell on tho night of the illuminations. Richard Wylde, cook at tho Gray's Inn Larder, War- wick-court, husband of lost witness, and residing at 9, Craven-street, deposed tn iho fnct of seeing Mr Garstin coming out of Mrs Campbell's bedroom frequently when she lodged nt No. 9, Craven-street. Mary Hazell, servant to Mrs Dcnculain, 41, Craven Btrcet-Kemcmticrcd in Mny last Garstin lodging there, he had a bed at the top of tho house. Witness used to make tho bed. Mrs Campbell carno to lodgu thora. Sho occupied the first door and the parlor. While Mrs Camp- bell was there, Mr Garstin's bed was not slept in three times. Witness lind seen bim como out of Mrs Camp- bell's bedroom at 7 o'clock in the morning severn! times; ho was partially dressed, in his drawers, no trousers. Ile slept onco on tho sofa in Mrs Campbell's sitting-room. Witness saw him. Witness remembered Mr Garstin coming homo very early in tho evening on several occa- sions, boforo Mrs Campbell carno to 41. Whilo they wcro both at -li, they passed all their time together. Witness remembored Mr Campbell's coming to Jl; ho occupiod the sania room with Campbell as Mr Garstln bad. Garstin had loft then. He did not come moro than onco after Mr Campboll caroo; ho dined with liim on tho day Mr Campboli arrived. It was tho night of tho illuminations. Mr Garstin had left tho lodging bo foro Mr Campbell eamo,'lhree or four days before. Mrs Duneulain, proprietress of 9 and 41, Craven street-Recollected Mrs Campboll aiming to 9 in May last year. Witness lived herself at 41. Mr Garstin bad a bed at 41. Mrs Campbell shortly after carne to 41. Garstln passed most of his time with her. Witness wes told by Mrs Campbell that Garstin was the doctor of tho ship, and that he had saved har lifo. Mrs Campbell had the first floor and pnrlors at 41. Mr Garstin was constantly in Mrs Campbell's bedroom; ho walked in and nut of it just OB Mr Campbell or the children might. Witness had scon bim como out of tho room early in tho morning, and hoard him tbcro late at night. On the 19th of'May Mrs Campboll told witness that Mr Campbell WHB coming home. Mr Garstin lert tho house on tho 19th. Mr Campbell arrived on tho 28th of May. Garstin lodged at 10. Craven-street. Ha carno to seo Mrs Camp- boll constantly, and breakfasted with har on the day of Mr Carapball's arrival. Garstin never caine to 41 after- wards, oxcept when Mr Campbell was out. Mrs Camp- bell had represented Mr Garstin as a friend of Mr Camp- boll, but as that did not appear to bo tho caso, witness declined to allow Mr Garstin tocóme to tho InIUJO. Mrs Campbell went over to visit Mrs Kgan at No. 9. Mr Campbell tried to persuado his wife to go to the houso ho had taken. Sha refused. Witness tried to persuado hor to go. Sho still refused. Mr Campbell onllod on witness at the end of Juno, and said ho could not un- derstand why Mrs Campboll would not go home. Some days after Mr Campbell cania and asked witness if there had boen anything wrong with Mr Garstin. Witness showed bim tho room at 41 which she occupied during har visit to Mrs Egan. Witness was pressed by Mr Campboll to say what she know, and at last sha told him. Tho proceedings were then adjourned to the 25th, when they wcro resumed. The following witnesses wera than called: julia Walkor, 150, Sloano-stroot, laker, lots apart- ments. In August last Mrs Campbell carno to lodgo with hor. Mr Garstin carno with her. They both had lug- gage with thurn; Mrs Campbell occupied two rooms. Mr Garstin passed lils timo during tho day thero; ho slopt opposita. at 133. ila breakfasted thara, and had nil his meals thero. Ho used to leave- about 10 o'clock nt night. Mary Ford, servant to last wltnoss, gavo. -similor evidence. -i Caroline Swocting, servant to Mrs Hopkins, 21, Prlncoa streot, Itanovor squuro, stated that in September- last Mrs Campball took her ni ¡st ress' first floor. Tbcro were threo rooms, Mr Garstln came thora. Mis Campbell said bo was her cousin, who was lu the habit of taking bia meals with her. Hu did tako lils meals, and passed his days there. Saw him once in Mrs Campbell s bed; ha was asleep. ' Mrs Hawkins, housekeeper at 19, liury-strcot. St James'. On the s til of September Mrs Campbell wished to rent the parlors in her houso, but as they were oi-eu pied, sho bud the- first Ihm', cnusUling a( drawing, bed, and iitiiiig-r<imiis. Mr lïarsti» raino tho ncM day. Mt ('aiiiplii-ll said her cousin, un otlionr, was aev'istonied to i-iill on her. Ho brough?his luggage, and asked to let It smy till ho g.it a lodging, but it was arranged that he should occupy a bedroom in tho houso vvh'ch communi- cated willi Mrs Campbell's lieilmom. Thny stayed about a fortnight. They returned in Noi ember. They then occupied the floor where tlic rooms i-iiinmiudc-atcd in the j samo way. They sometimes brcukliistud together mid sometimes dined, not always. James Smith, merchant, formerly a partner of Mr Campbell, resided in Sydney from 1842 to 1849. Was intimately acquainted with Mr and Mrs Campbell. A sum of money was remitted to bim for Mrs Campboll when sho came lo England. Got lodgings in Blomlield road for her. Saw her in Cravcn-strcct. Kcmoinbored Mr Campt elf coming over. First hoard of the business witti Mr Garstin n fow days after Mr Campbell arrived. Kemombercd Mr'C'ampbell going to Pan's. Ile relumed in two or three days. On his return he wont to live at Porchester- terrace. After that ho wont to tho Colonnade hotel. Ho went to tho hotel because bo could not livo with Mrs Campboll. Sha went to the Colonnade hotel, and ho returned to Porcheater-tci-rnco. Witness know Mrs.Carapholl wont to Hampstead. Mr Campbell then wont to Porchcstar-terraco. - Cross-oxamincd -Mr Campbell told bim that Mrs Camp- boll was in tho habit nf going about with Mr Garstin. and that she drank-and that sha and Garstln wcro too In- timate. Witness saw Mr Campboll nt tho Colonnade hotel with his wife. She had a room fitted up as a bed- room and reception-room too. Thero was a bed in it. It was about tho middle of June. Saw them several days in that room. Witness was with Dr. Tyler Smith mid Mr Russell, a nephew of Mre Campbell. Those gentlemen wera not there on ovory occasion. Or. Tyler Smith went there because Mrs Campbell was ¡11. Mr Campbell used to jrp with witness to meet Dr. Tyler Smith. Air Camp- bell never'6aid to witness that ho had been several times to see his wlfo at the Colon nado hotel. Ho oncusaid that bo had bcon there one evening; ho had been watching for the servants, whom ho suspected of carrying letters to Garstin. Ho never »aid that ho had been there one oven ing from C to 10 o'clock. This being tho casa for tho petitioner, Mr Macqueen addressed tho Houso on the part of Mrs Campbell, and called several witnesses for the defence, after which, Mr Macqueen raised an objection that the marriage settlement of Mrs Campboll secured her certain benefits ns a widow, and if tho bill passed in its present form she would be deprived of thoso benefits. An attested copy of tbo settlement was produced, and it appeared that,as a survivor of her husband, Mrs ' Campboll would Le entitled to the interest of certain funds. Mr Wildo, on tho pnrt of hor husband, said thero waa no intoution to doprivo Mrs Campbell of thoso benefits, and he was ready to consent to the introduction of n clause in tho Divorce Bill that would secure them in tfioir intogrity. It was arranged that this should he dono in duo form ; after which, I Tho Lord Chancellor went thrungli the evidence and moved that the bill bo read a second time. The motion was agreed to. The bill has been siuce read a third time, and possod. 