ADELAIDE IN SUMMER. With the return of summer the citizens of Adelaide are again able to appreciate any attempts for the improvement of their streets and public reserves. The -work on -which the Corporation has entered must necessarily be a work of time; but already there is enough effected to reward the labour expended upon it. The contrast with their former appearance which all the city squares and terraces, and some parts of the Park Lands present now, is quite pleasing enough to induce an assiduous prose cution of the design. But to form a true idea of the amount of improvement ef fected it is necessary to bear in mind that the natural growth of the various trees and shrubs which have been planted will year by I year effect a greater change in the appearance of the city than is produced by the first opera tion of placing them in the ground. But it is pleasant to see spots which a year or two since were mere beds of dust now covered with ver dure, and enclosures which formerly were unsightly wastes now giving tokens of care and promise of beauty. There are two things yet to be done, without which the work will not be complete, and that portion of it which has been already done will become wasted labour. One of these is to preserve the plantations from the depredations of goats and other animals; the other is to provide means for retaining water in sufficient quantities to form ornamental features in the aspect of the city and to exert a perceptible cooling effect upon the atmosphere. Without the one, the money expended in digging and planting would have been as usefully laid out in removing stone from the West-terrace to the East-terrace and then taking it back again. Without the other, the full benefit of the former improvements can never be enjoyed j water being a no less essential adjunct of an almost tropical city than the shade of trees. It will probably appear to many a most superfluous observation that it is necessary to protect the plantations already made. Are there not police in the streets, and rangers for the Park Lands-m£n who would at once interfere to prevent any injury being done to the Municipal property? The only reply that can be given is, that the Municipal property is not protected. We are in formed that goats may at almost any time be seen browsing mos*> contentedly on the succulent leaves of the young trees in the enclosures between Korfcb and South Adelaide j that cows are constantly tearing up the lucerne growing in tile paddock on the Eastern Park Lands; and that children may sometimes be noticed breaking off the plants in Victoria square. It may possibly be intended to graze off the lucerne with a view to atimulating its growth and thickening the crop, but this plan cannot be intentionally adopted with regard to the trees either on the North Park Lands or in Victoria-square.' We do not recollect any authority on irborieulture who recommends the teeth of a goat in lieu of the pruning-knife. It really is disgraceful that efforts made with so maeh cost and care for the general benefit should thus be rendered nugatory by the wwarowtfttye neglect 9f ft few' individuals, As the provisions of the Impounding Act apply to tlxe city, there is no reason why they should not bs stringently enforced at once, and erery animal so trespassing be destroyed ?without mercy to his owner. If the destruc tion of the lucerne be, as we hare intimated, intentional (for it would be to ascribe the grossest carelessness to the Corporation officials to presume that it is accidental), it.may be sufficient to call the Council's attention to the subject with a view to enquiring whether at so early a period of its growth such a course is not likely to effect much more harm than good. It is scarcely likely that the roGta have yet taken hold enough of the soil to resist the tearing force employed by cattle in picking Hp their food; and it is possible that instead of being trodden into a thicker sward, the plant may be altogether eradicated. "With respect to the use which might be made of water, not only to beautify but also to increase the salubrity- of our city, we can only reiterate what we have formerly urged. It has been again and again repeated, and never yet disputed, that by dammiug up the Torreii3 at suitable points of its course lakes might be formed which would retain a considerable amount of water throughout the entire summer. These lakes would certainly tend to correct the intense aridity of the atmosphere at least within a short distance from their margins, and they would thus create a cool retreat from the severer heat of the city, of which during somo portion of the day many inhabitants of Adelaide could avail themselves. But if the water were preserved, willows ? and semi aquatic plants might be grown along the banks of the river-a feature which would materially enhance the picturesque nesB of our Park Lands, and not less increase their value for purposes of recreation. We need scarcely point out other and more " "<. j English readers will at once think of bathing and boating in connection with them-two of the luxuries of an English summer-intensified in enjoyment a thousand-fold by our warmer climate, while our facilities for enjoying them are almost a thousand-fold rarer. It may not be useless to suggest that were we to restore the groves which once covered our Park Lands, and intersperse them with exotics suited to the position; and were we also to retain a larger and more permanent supply of water than was naturally formed on the plains skirting the river during an Australian summer, we should certainly charm back again to their native haunts those feathered aborigines whose gay colours delighted our earlier colo nists, and we might reasonably hope to naturalize some of our British sons birds. \ less brilliant in plumage, but infinitely more pleasing in their vocal powers. The rapid advancement of the City Waterworks towards completion suggests another means of orna ment available, especially for the city squares- j we allude to fountains. Nothing will be easier when the water is brought into Adelaide than to arrange for jets in each of the squares in the southern portion of the city, which can be made to play at will; and by means of the power of'irrigation which will be thus ob tained, the verdure of the squares may be ren dered perennial, and plants may be cultivated which otherwise would perish there. We are not disposed to let this subject be, treated merely as a question of ornament. "A sufficient case might bs made out, even..on this j ' ground; to 'justify the expenditure of "greater | ' sums of money than have hitherto been | laid out in effecting improvements of this kind.. But the arguments which might be | used for this purpose would fail altogether to j reach minds of a certain class. They are so j pre-eminently practical that nothing which does not bring a direct money return is con sidered by them a legitimate item of business expenditure. For the especial benefit of this class, we would suggest that a calculation be made of the number of persons who would live in Adelaide, instead of residing three, four, or half a dozen miles away, were some such improvements as we have indicated brought into actual being; and of the enhanced value of city property which would result from tliis circumstance. The landlord of a row of empty houses would not then long want tenants; the owner of unoc cupied acres would then soon be able to let them on building leases; and the city rates would feel the direct influence of the aug mented population and the improved pro perty. Here is a consideration which may Berve to mollify even the most matter-of-fact men of business, and to enlist the co-opera tion even cf those who can see no beauty ex cepting in bales of merchandise or stacks of wheat, and can appreciate no poetry that is not inscribed in their ledgers. j THE Onkapabotga ELECTION.-The official declaration of the state of the poll, which was to have been made at Woodside, at noon on Thursday, was postponed by the Beturning Officer on account of a difficulty in which he felt placed by the circumstance fhat one of the ballot-boxes had been tampered with. In the absence of authentic information we are not able to give particulars precisely. But we understand that in the Hahndorf box eight voting-papers were found in excess of the num ber of voters who had. polled. The friends of the defeated candidate took advantage of the irregularity to lodge a protest against the pro ceedings, and the Beturning Officer imme diately came into town to obtain the advice of the law officers of the Crown as to the proper course to be pursued. That advice, we pre sume, was to do his own duty, and leave to the Court for the Trial of Disputed Beturns the task of dealing with the question at issue, should it be brought regularly before that tribunal by a petition to the House. We pre sume that to have been the advice received, as we are informed that the declaration of the poll will be made to-day, and that the name of the candidate who received "the largest number of votes (Mr. Townsend) is to be endorsed upon the writ. Cinritcir OF ENGLAND.-?THANKSGIVING. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in handing us the form of thanksgiving to be used by the clergy of the Chuich of Engflaiiil to-morrow, and on the following Sunday, says : -" I have endeavoured in the accompanying prayer to give expression to the very general feeling of thankful ness at this period of the history of the colony. If it were printed in your paper on Saturday, perhapB many might be led to use it in their family worship." The following is the prayer referred to; " A Form of Thanksgiving for the 28th of December, 1-57, being the 21st Anniversary of the Proclamation of the Colony :-? Almighty God, our Heavenly Fa'.her, whose 1'rovideuce is over all Thy works, and without whom not one sparrow fallcth to the ground, we come before Thee at this time to acknow ledge Thy special goodness towards the people of this province ever Bince Thou gavest them this land to pof sess. Surely Thou hast ordered ail things well con cerning them. Oar lot hgth fallen on a good ground. Our wafers have not failed, and our bread hath been sure. Thou hast not visited our offences with the rod, neither hath any pestilence come nigh OUT dwelliug. Thou bast filled our garners with all manner of store. Our sheep have brought forth ten thousands in our streets. Thou hast net suffered our cattle to decrease. Peace has reigned in all our borders. The voice of joy and health has been iu our dwellings. Our sons have grown up as the young plants, and our daughters as polished corners of Thy temple. For these so great benefits ol Thy mercy we desire to thank Thee with unfeigned hearts. We praise Thy name, and declare the wonders that "Thou doest for the children of men. Bat with shame and confusion of face we a'-knowledge that we . have not rendered rmto Thee according to the greatness and multitude of Thy mercies. We have not given Thee the honour due unto Thy name, nor worshipped Thee in the beauty of holiness. Bat Tboa art gracious ? and merciful; slow to anger, though we have rebelled against Thee, and have not walked in the laws which Thou hast set before us. Tarn Thou us, O good Lord, and so shall we be turned. Give ub the comfort of Thy Spirit. Stablish us in the faith and love of Tby dear Son. So will we not gi back from Thee nor behave our selves frowardly in Thy Covenant. Let Thy Chureh serve Thee in all godly quietness, and we Thy. people : and sheep of Tby pasture will give Thee thanks for ever and be showing forth Thy praise from generation to generation, through Jesus Christ our only Saviour and Redeemer, to whom, with Thee, O Father, and the IJoly Ghost, be yloiy in the Church, throughout all ages, werW without «»a, i/Mn,"' 