ENGLAND'S POSITION IN THE EAST. (From the Times.) A successful nation, like a successful man' does not expect universal sympathy and con- dolence in its difficulties. We know quite well how we stand in that respect. Nor do we complain at all. It is perfectly natural that our neighbours in Europe and America should be looking on now upon the great Asiatic con- flict in which we are engaged with an interest not wholly unpleasurable. We will not quote the maxim about the misfortunes of our best friends, because it does not quite suit the case. Our neighbours cannot exactly indulge in the luxury of pity, because our case is not bad enough for that. We are too vulgarly prosperous as yet. No ; but there is such an attitude as that ot standing by. and watching, with a general idea on the part of the spec- tator that we may possibly get the worst of it, and that he will not be particularly sorry if we do. Dominant nations, just like public men, are accustomed to these friendly expec- tations. They are avvure that many eyes around them are watching their course, espec- ially if a cloud is overhead, with a somewhat unsympathetic curiosity. We know that we are now forming a pleasing subject of con- jecture to a wide circle. " Now, then, what will Great Britain do ? How will she get out of this mess ? How will her Indian pres- tige stand ?" &c.; Prophecy is proverbially interesting. Religious prophecy is the most fascinating part of theology. Hundreds of divines become quite indifferent to the exist- ing condition of the world or the church, so absorbed are they in imagining and guessing what it will be. Social prophecy also is very interesting. Half our gossip is prophecy. We discuss the destinies of our friends with great hilarity-their aims in life, abilities, tempers, connexions, their pecuniary resources, and what will be the probable result of the whole. Nor is prophecy the less light- hearted for making outftthat tho prospect i's a gloomy one. This kind of talk is pleasant enough ; it ranks by the side of ghost stories, dreams, marvel- lous coincidences, and the gossip of the super- natural world. And where a great nation is concerned the dignity of the moralist corae3 in. It is quite safe to say that we are a wicked nation, because upon the old proverb, that the "majority are wicked," a nation can- not easily avoid being so. Well, then, our great national faults have to be punished, and a solemn judicial vista opens before the censor's eye. A great many people never feel so com- fortable as when they are talking about "judgments." It is the cheapest form of virtue there is. It coats absolutely nothing, at the vary time that the virtuous enthusiasm of the judge is at its greatest height. Now, we have no wish to rob our friends and neighbours of so many interestingsubjects. It would be cruel to do so. Let them pro- phecy as much as they please. Let them gossip about us ; let them judge us with all solemnity. We like virtuous enthusiasm, and would not suppress it on any account. But we must remind then' of one feature in our case which they ought to know. It appears very certain that wo have no quarrel with any nation in the East-i. e. witli tho mass of people either in India or China. Why, our fleet steamed up the Canton River amid an attendant and friendly navy of " sampans and ¡links.'' The invasion-if we are to call it so-seemed quite a poiularstep. " The boats came about us with bananas, lemon syrup, and sweet potatoes." "A Chinaman con- tracted for supplying us with fresh meat and vegetables charging us hardly more than the market price." .' The husbandmen upon the banks pursued their labours in their paddy fields under the protection of our guns, which for the time shielded thpm from the violence of the Mandarin sailors." This does not look like popular hatred or distrust. It is true that a fanatical party keeps us out of Canton, but everybody knows the power of even a small fanatical minority to overawe the mass, especially if, as in the present case, the interests of the Government go along with tile claims of superstition. It remains to be seen what it is which has shut us out of Canton ; whether it renlly is the popular feeling against the stranger, as the Chinese Government pretend, or whether that it is only a pretext of the Government to disguise its own reluctance to fulfil the treaty. If we are to interpret naturally the behaviour of the Chinese, thronging round our fleet as it went up the river, the people appear to have no feeling against us. We are at war with a Court, and not, with a nation. It will be said that the Chinese will do anything for money, and that they know the English have money. Well, we do not inquire into the motive-we simply state the fact. For some reason or other they seem to have no objection to us. If money is their object, that only shows that the objection to the society of the foreigner yields to that motive, and that what brings them into contact with us is stronger than what keeps them aloof from us. A Chi- naman is a selfish animal, but that does not interfere with the fact that he trusts us, be- lieves in our fair dealing, know» we will not hurt him wan (only,rind courts our custom and company even when we are invading him. It is the same in India. The enemy ia our own soldier and not the Hindoo. Par from joining the military mutiny, the people, so far as our accounts go,'actually persecute and maître it the mutineers when they are caught straggling. A private letter states that 500 olf them who had escaped into the Mahomedan valley of Swat were first circumcised and then sold as slaves, an old native officer realising only sixpence-halfpenny. This, it will be said, is Mahomedan feeling, not British. It may be, but still the fact shows that there is no feeling for the mutiny. The Mahomedans U»ve risen against us as much as the Hindoos, and the one sect would not persecute the other if there were the slightest national bias for the muti- neers, or if the mutiny were regarded in the least as a patriotic movement. Indeed, the Indian authorities have calculated so com- pletely on th« apathy of the mas3 in the North- west that they have offered a reward of £5 for every mutineer brought in, dead or alive, with his arms. Facts, indeed, appear to show that we may expect in this contest a seasonable return for that justice and consideration which have marked our Indian administration. It would seem that this has made some impression at last upon the native. He knows he is safe under us ; he is not molested, he is not in- jured. He has had nearly a century's ex- perience now of a fair government, under which life and property are protected. He feels he has nointerest inchangé,and he stands aloof from this mutiny just as he would from any foreign invasion, which would be evi- dently and transparently for the benefit of the iovader mnd not for his. At the same time we must not forget that the Frankenstein of our own creation is a formidable opponent, nordisguise from ourselves the difficulties of a contest with a well-armed and well-disci- plined mutiny,'which may tax our resources to the utmost, -, . " '...Vi , 1 ' ' '-'..! 