These volumes will bo scanned at tno present conjuncture with a very natural curiosity, but with a¡curiosity which we may fairly soy,will not be satisfied if they aro looked to for proofs of tbo'vanity and pretentiousness which are so freely laid to the charge of Sir John Bowing. Whatever natural foibles may bo. imputed to him,'at least they aro not apparent hero, for his . personal views and exploits make a very small portion'of the bulky octavosr which wore'one result of his mission!. His account pf. the Siamese may be open,tb objections on account | of repetitions and mal- arrangement, but it does i to^a'very remarkable extentjgivo prominence to the labours and'researches' of his predecessors, and itmodoatly accounts, for his own success in comparison willi their1 efforts and disappoint-; ?meats; Not only does' Sir John Bow ring do , ample ^justice to the earlier writers on Siam, from Camoens down to Bishop | Pttllbgoixji. by ; copious extracts from their j descriptions1 and dis'^uisitioiis, ' but he ex- plains ;tho failure ' bf former , missions of his countrymen "without taking any. undüe'J credit to himself. The- frustration of Mr.' Crawford's'mission in 1822, and /of Sir James Brooke's negotiations in I051Í with, tho'short- comings in. .Captain, Burney's treaty of 1820, are fairly referred to causes which Sir John admits were no -longer operative when he followed these ' negotiators. Tho influence of the two Somdetches;'who had been interested in former monopolies of Siamese trade, was then in its wane. . The more intelligent of the Siamese, - as is shown by some remarkable anecdotes, were becoming convinced. of tho advantages of free commerce, and the first and second' Kings of Siam were imbued with liberal doctrines derived from their extraordinary acquaintance -with Western civilization. ' To these singularly able personages" Sir John Bowring very properly ascribes the facilities which enabled' him to succeed in his object, and their capacities and accomplishments to ' which wó 'shall presently. refer, aro the most j interesting and prominent topic of his volumes. At all events, as we intimated; wo cannot dis- cover, from the first page to the last, tha\self imp.ortance or vainglory whicli he, is said, truly or not, to'have manifested elsewhere. . His account of Siam is not, indeed, particu- larly graphic or picturesque, but it is curiously interesting! " Siam 'resembles Egypt in its dependence on1 the river - Meinam, which flows directly south wordy ¿nd tho resemblance must i strike any ono who observes the straightness of its course, the parallel ridge of mountains, and the sinuosities of tho mouths by'which it empties itself into tho Gulf , of Siam.: The lower portion of the valley of tho Meinam con- stitutes nearly tho wholo of: Siam Proper, and abounds with'-' tropical productions' or extra-, ordinary luxuriance) the' fertility'of its', teeming' soil being ' annually renewed by, the periodical, rains and the inundations of the river. No- where except in tho 'island of' Java has' Sir John tasted fruits of such flavour and size in such/variety. Such1 a profusion of flowers either , grow upon tho river's banks or wore prosentcd to him by the inhabitants that his path seems'to havo been strewn'with garlands and coronals, while he was further amused by tito novelty of wandering fish, which glide, over the ' wot banks and travel for ' miles to loso themselves in tho ponds and pools of the jungle.The population of this ' happy valley, togethor with its depend- encies, is estimated at about 0,000,000 by Pallogoix, but Sir John Bowring assumes it to ;." be loss than 6,000,000. Of these the Siamese proper make about 2,000,000 ; tho rest aro Laos, Malays, Chinese, Ac, the latter in the largest proportion ; and it is remarkable how largo a portion' of tho latter, and, indeed, of the wholo population of tho, kingdom, is congre- gated at the capital, Bangkok, which extends along the banks of the Meinam for several! miles, and is estimated to 'contain 400,000 souls. Bangkok, from tho description of it, must bo a kind of Oriental Venice, though it ts only within tho Inst century that it has become of such importance, having superseded the earlier capital, Ayuthia, which was destroyed , .by tho Burmese, and which was not so con- veniently near to tho Gulf of Siam. A largo number of tho population hero live on tho water as at Canton, and tho manufactures and commerce of the kingdom' aro hore contorod . chiefly in tho hands of tho Chinóse, who retain thoir national characteristics, and aro not cön ; founded with tho Siamese among whom they minglo. The prospects of this migratory and unsociable race, irrespectivo of tho difficulties j they occasion to oursolvos, are growing in interest, and wo readily avail ourselves of( this account of thoir prosont position in Siam. "' Chinase,-Tho extraordinary diffusion of tho Chinoso : emigrants over all tho roglons from tho most western of ] tho islands of tho Indian Archipelago, in tho Straits, settlements, in Siam and Cochin China, and now oxtend. lng over a oonsidorable portion of Western America; particularly in California, and roaching oven Australia and Polynesia, is ono of the most remnrkablo of tho ovents of modern history, nnd is likely -to oxoroiso a, great influence on the futura aondition of man ; for tho Chinoso do not migrato to minglo with and be absorbed among other tribes and pooplos ; they preserve their own language, tbeir own nationality, their own costume and religious uanges, tbeir own traditions, habits, and sooial organization. Though thoy intermarry with the races among whom they dwell, tho Chinese typo bo. comes predominant, and the ohildren are almost invari- ably eduoated on the father's modol, tho influenoo of tho mother seeming almost annihilated. And though tho j Chinoso frequently aaquiro .largo fortunes; great influ- | once, and sometimes high rank as a consequence of thoir prosperity, tho ties that bind them to their country seem never to bo broken ; and tho tides of population flow Chinaward with evory south-western mon- soon, to bo - replaced, by . a stronger stroom when tho monsoon of. the north-east sends the junks on their wonted way towards the south, It is ostimatod that in tho kingdom of Siam thoro aro moro than i 1,000,000 Chinoso Bottlers; in tho City of Bangkok alono j there aro supposed to be 200,000. In faut, all tho notive business appears to bo in their bands. , Nino out of ton ol tho floating bazaars whloh cover ,for miles, tho two banks of the Meinam aro ocotipied by Chinamen ; very ui°iaworaan scnro°ly over leaves her country, but tho | otmdron aro invariably eduoated to tho Chlneso typo ; wo tall is cultivated if it bo a boy.'and the fatlior alono spoma to model tho child's noturo and education. Yet, «tat strong parental affootlón whloh has boon roraarkod as ono of the charaotorlstio virtuos of the Chinese is | a most [invariably exhibited. Fathers aro oonstantlv Playing with and oorrying about their obildroñ, «noouraglng their gambols, tonohlng thom to observe, pleased when they aro notioad by strangors, and ßonerally dooming their ohildren objoots of prldo nnd pleasure With raro exooptions tho Sfameso womon aro won traatod by thoir Chinoso husbands. Thoy soom to oo inspired with a grontor lovo of labour, oooupy thom seivos moro busily with domostio oonoorns, and gonorally I appear to improvo undor tho influenoo of tho foreign oiomont. Tho Chinóse not only oooupy tho busiost and iuo largost bazaars, but thoir trading habits dosoond I nf n?i V0ly lowost artlolos of bartor j and hundrods ri» i?,8B bottls ftro vibrating up nnd down tho nvor, oalling at ovory houBO, penetrating ovory oroek, j "applying nil arlloloa of food, raiment, and whatovor nt,%Th,e.P'W¡om and People of Slam ¡ with a Narrativa ««...S m'£°?J0 lhal Country in 18Ö0. By Si» John FiB S-. HorMajosty'a Plenipotentiary ia ahina. » vols. Parkor, London, 1807, ministers to tbe daily wants of life. They penotrato .nd tr»fflo with the intorior wherever profits aro to realized. As a community they aro nearly isolated from the Siamose, though professing, for tho most part, same religion. They have their own templos, and carry on their worship of - Buddha, not according to the usage of the priests of Siam, but following tho customs an traditions of China ; and thoir Buddhism, as in Chi itself, is held in subservience to thoir reverence for teachings and writings of tho Chinese sages-Confucius Moneius, Sze mat ze, and tho ancient teaohers of their native land. The signs over their warehouses, shops, and houses are< all written in Chinese-in the Chinese language they carry on all their oorrespondonoo ; nor I remember an ezamplo of a Chinaman being ablo write, though they nlmost all speak,-the Siamese lan gulgo. Over thoir doors aro the same inscriptions one is accustomed to soe in Chine, suoh as " May the Ave felicities dwell in thiB abode." : The nioral aphorisms 'the fragments of 'poetry which ara suspended on the walls in China, Written' on scrolls" or tablets,'-always pairs, decorate tbe houses of tho Chinóse established. Siam. But tho Siamese keep tho Chinese in absolute subjection, and 'while'T1 was 'in Bangkok T 'saw instance of resistance to tho native authority. 18-17. however, d serious insurrection of the Chinese population menacod the Go vorn mont," but tho insurroo tion was Boon' suppressed.* A Chinoso merchant onqrmous wealth who held'thc opiam.'monopoly, with, 'was informed, more than 00 other monopolios,'has been raised to'the rank of nobility, and-was présent among tho multitude' of 'prbstrate'rioblesj;dressed in the d tihetion of' mandarin costume, whon that article of th troaty'wa's road to'.tbem' whioh abolished' tba wholo system of monopoly;-and established free trade'from tho month of April,1 1850, Cerfnîniy/h'e'b'owéd Iiis head. ; silence, bùt- lookod as if a' hundred thunderstorms wero ' oonooritratort in that proud, scornful,'yet resigned ex pression. ' He had -boon told his'doom at a conference with tho principal' ministers ; but, as the opium mono 'poly,/ the'most precious and profitable of all, was pre served1 io him, . lie . had tho'sagabity'td feign a willing resignation, and to say^ ho would employ his capital for tho' future in 'legitimate' instead' of privileged comm ree Though a 'small numbèr of '.tho Chinoso profited by the farms, tho enormous majority expressed their grünt de lighf nt tho omancipatidn wbich'tho treaty provided." . 1 , That' Sir John, himself was not prejudiced against; this, singular' peoplei Isévident..from tho following passage in another part of the 'same volume; '?? '? . f* ,',"Let;it 'not, however,'bo supposed that I look with 'any feelings' but those of complacency upon the oxodus of tho Chinóse* from their native land, and thoir out pourings'ori all adjacent regions, ; I believe there is no class of settlers who, undo'r proper control, are BO likely 'to bo''useful 'that tho very quality, the passion'^pr ao quiring wealth, which leads them; to'dare all1 danger and difficulty; 'is a; most valuable recommendation.' Their 'own habits' of'subordination.'r-^their inborn and inbred respeot for authority- their gregarious spirit, which 'drives' them into associations of every; sort, private and publio, praiseworthy and pernioioHS,-^only require ,, thorough'.knowledge of their character to bo turned to the best acoount." ? , ? [' ' ' The Siamese themselves, however, appear ,in a much more amiable light than the, Chinese strangers within their gates, if we may trust to Sir John's accounts'of their temper and habits His iwork contains, various chapters'on. these and similar! topics, either compiled from his predecessors or derived from Iiis own observa tions, ' and the inference from the whole is favourable to the Siamese , and implies their striking superiority tb most other Orientals Humanity to animals is, indeed, enjoined by their religion, and tho tameness of many living creatures which in Europe fly , from tho pre- sence of man, and wliich was observed by.>Dr. Bowring, is hardly surprising. In more than one, instance, Siamese gardeners havo quitted the servicé bf Europeans, because, they, were unwilling to destroy< reptiles and vermin. Rich mon buy live fish to have tho " merit" of restoring them to the sea, and on certain holydays bf the month fishing and hunting are prohibited. . But it is more important to learn that the condition of women is bettor in Siam, than in most Oriental countries, that they ore on a nearer equality with the men, and .that, in virtue of a milder creed, they enjoy more liberty and exhibit more elevation of character, at tho same tiriio that in respect of superior docility they compare with othor Siamese spe- cimens fem natura. ^Another favourable trait is the religious tolerance which prevails, and wb.ich.has boen manifested'in the treatment of tlio various missions, Catholic or Protestant. I As regards the general spirit in which religious j discussions are conducted, Sir John avers that ho has seldom met with so much tolerance as , among tho Siamese. " Thoy seem never un- willing tb liston to arguments recommending roligions different from thoir own." But it is . desirable to caution the supporters of mis- sionary enterprise against cherishing too sanguine expectations on this account, for tho moro intelligent Siamese, tho King even in- ' eluded, hold a somewhat pantheistic theory that all religions are truo in the sense of some special adaptation tb the nations who profess them, and that Buddhism is eternally, appro- priate for tho dwellers by tho Meinam. Tho King, who is ono of the highest authorities on tho subject, oven endeavours to reconcile his' religion and his philosophy, and " contonds that thero is nothing in Buddhism, properly understood, which is repugnant to the facts established by astronomical and geo- logical science." Of tho Bhuddists, however, there are two parties, and the moral or the ceremonial precepts have superior attractions in either caso. Thero is a wide latitude to choose from in the maxims of. a religion which com- mence with the injunction to " kill no human being," and descend to tho rubric that "to walk in tho street without having buttoned tho proper button,, and . to enter a boat without unbuttoning tho same button, aro sins." It is a happy practical consequence of the wholo that,. besides the comparativo .gentleness of the Siam eso in- the relations of which we have spoken, their slaves also are well treated, " as well ; as servants in France," says Bishop Püllogoix ; ' that capital exécution, oven of criminals, is exceedingly raro, and . that the bodies ovpn of these are only impaled after death; Tho moral or immoral curiosities which exist undor this mild dispensation aro described by Dr. Bowring. Long nails indicate a decided tendency to dissi- pation, and their growth is encouraged with hog's fat or garlic. A certain Siameso observes that " the man who keeps long finger nails is a man of dissoluto ' mind. His heart rides on primeness. Ho is the master of harlots, andi desires to dook himself that ho may stroll about and talk with tho women, that they may have a heart to lovo him. Mon of this sort aro - few ; * Tho Siamose havo managed to koop tho Chinoso in tolorablo subjection, though not without serious contro- versies nnd tumults. Tho insurrection whioh took plaoo in tho yoar 1847 had its origin in tho imposition of a now or an augmentad tax, to ho loviad on the sugar boilers. Tho governor visitad the malcontents at Potriu, was soizod and dcoapitntad by tho Chinóse labourers ; aftor which tho Chinoso dlsporsod thomsolvoB in tho neighbouring districts ; but at Loukonahasi they not only killod tho governor, but took poBsossion of tho fort. Tho Siamesa troops sont to subjugate tho insur- gents oxlilbitod groat poltroonery against tho bosiogod, who had only beans to Aro from tho guns of the fort, and who woro wholly ignorant of tho art of war ; but, notwithstanding, tho gatos of tho olly woro finally de- stroyed. Elephants wero sont out, and a genornl massaoro of unresisting mon, woman, and ohlldren took Slnoo. It was supposed that a general rising of tho hineso WBB Intended ; and it is vory doubtful whether the Siamese Government oould lmvo maintained itself against any extensivo combination. among A hundred mon thora will be abo forty." Others of tho Siamese have confiden in love-philtres, which aro sold to them by thc magicians. They credit tho ghoul and vampi superstitions, and believe that a magician ci reduce a buffalo to the size of a pea, whic being swallowed by the person he is employi to bewitch, thereupon re-assumes. its form shape, and ' bursts .the., interior of tho wreti who has swallowed it., Demons arc believe to be the keepers of hidden treasures, and tl dread of such ' demons and of ghosts is ur versal in Siam. ¡Sir John,' Bowring! beho frequently, little rafts of bamboo, with sim images -of human beings ' (representing farr hes^and^ offering fruit and flowers, ! lighted , with small ' tapers, tl whole floating .. on . the river .'for tl purpose of conciliating the;spirits of the water Curious, ceremonies.are performed ' at 'funeral especially pf, women who ; have dipd in, phil birth, with the view of. disappointing tl appropriative desires of< the dealers in the bla< arts. ' Alchemy is, no longer1 fashionable, bi amulets,' or talismans)' are, stillj ' considered £ potent that if it can bo proved that either plaintiff or defendant has worn one during tl: proceeeings in ah action at, law he' is .co: âemnedtfMo/actô to lose his suit. '} . /,.' ': , Introspect of medicine,tho-Siamese are moi advanced,--for though they have 'much con dence in their native doctors; yét they1 follow custom for the protection"~of "the patient whic might; perhaps, bei introduced 'with ad vantag into other countries, and of which tho simp] condition is "Np cure) np pay;" A négoti tion.is entered into as to'the sum to be phi for, the cure, and tho amount is settled by written contract, the-doctor always demandin two wax candles for ari offering to the God ( Medicine, and, six'salungs, (equal to 3s. Od for tlio' cost of. medicines, if tho patient' health improve under the' doctor's caro th visits continue; if ' the doctor think tile 'casie: hopeless' his visits ceasi and, there is. an end, of, tho , cor tract, .. There, aro two1 medical 'Schools c systems in Siam-the Indian and the Chines -which contend for the mastery,, and the fd lowing,!which' is a,prescription, for ''.' morbifi fever," is said to combine tho pharmacopoeia c both:- ' . ? ? - - , , ',? ?', . ; Ono portion, of rhinoceros's born, 'one of elephant tusk/ one of tiger's, and the samo of crocodile's tooti one.'of bear's tooth ; ono portion composed of three pai bones of vulture, ¡ raven, .and, goose; ono portion c bison's, and and another, of stag's- horn ; ono., portion ( sandal.'/These ingredients to bo raided ?. together .on stone : witto..pú'ro. rçàjër.'... .One 'half pf tho mixture to b swallowed, the rest'' to ' bb rubbed into the body j afte which tho morbifio fever will depart, ' , , But whether at the same moment the patten will depart also to the Siamese Hades we ar not informed, nor is it added which of tho riva systems, will be. held responsible.'? . Tho laws of the Siamese'are contained ii about 70 volumes, and, as a whole, their codi must be deemed superior to tho Chinese. Wi observo!-,that ). they have a simple system o pleading, that bail is allowed except in crimina casos, and that an appeal lies to'tho' King ir person. Their criminal code,, for an Orienta I people, is.not severe, for decapitation,, which if its mode of capital punishment, is only awarded for treason, murder, aggravated robberies, piracy, and arson. The blemish in ,tho ad- ministration of Siamese justice is the venality of the judges, for from the chief judge to the lowest clerk all aro said to have their price, Witnesses also are incapacitated on so xnanv grounds that there must be.often a difficulty in procuring proofs of the most open transaction. Moral, physical, and intellectual impediments aro allowed to an extent which' we should imagine included half the population. Man j trades, even, are altogether excluded, such as goldsmiths, braziers, blacksmiths, shoemakers ; and tho potters aro shut out in consequence ol a murder committed on a virtuous man by n potter ages ago. It is conjectured that mid- wives aro excluded because they may bo called away suddenly in tho middle of their testimony. Moreover, the Siamese oath, which is some . thing in tho style of the curse of St. Ernulphus, with the addition of Oriental imagery, is adapted, as we should imagino, to scare away the rest of the population, and to leave the judges of Siam in the enjoyment of a perpetual holyday. This interesting people is particularly musical, and their music is ploasing. They play chess also, and patronise pugilistic en- counters, cock and fish fights, and battles of crickets and tho formica leo. Thoy have introduced lotteries and vaccination, and have an institution of a mock king who per- forms on a grand scale tho part of a Mayor of Garratt. Thoir government is a puro despot- ism,.mildly administered by the accomplished brothers who are at present Kings of Siam, and whom we look upon as tho most remark- able personages in the world. Those gentle- men, up to 1851, were kopt out of thoir Boyal rights by a usurper, and were so superior to the average of Europeans in the same predica- ment that they qualified themselves to admin- ister the kingdom at his decease. Thoir loam- ing and talents would really distinguish thom auywhorö, apart from the crowd of gontlomon with dynastic pretensions, and thoy may bo said to havo laid tho beginning of a now era for Siam by applying tho lessons thoy learnt j in adversity.. The first King might fairly claim to bo made an F.B.S. for his varied qualifica- tions, scientific and literary. He is able to calculate an eclipse and tho degrees of latitudo and longitude. He is a pro- found scholar in Pali and Sanscrit, has learnt Eat^n from tho French Catholic Mis- sionaries, and can read and writo English, as we shall presently soe. Ho has introduced into his country a printing press, with English and Siamese types, and, having constructed tho first chimneys ovor seen in Siam, ho is applying his geological knowledge in a search for nativo coal. The second Kinç is also an excellent English scholar, and writes a hand which would qualify him to be an engrossing clerk to an English solicitor. Ho lias also studiod Euolid and Nowton, has road tho works of Sir Walter Scott, and in evldonco of his appreciation of thom has callod a ship after his name. Tho first King inquired about tho dis- covery of tho planet Noptuno, and discussod tho astronomical bearings of tho English calendar with Sir John Bowring. Ho men- tioned also his intention to writo ahistory of his times in English, for which ho is not dis- posed to Book any assistance Tho socond King was solicitous about tho latest nows from Europe, mado many inquirios about tho Quoon and tho Royal family, hor ago, tho num- ber of hor ohlldron, whothor sho had gono to Paris to moot tho Eronoh Emporor, &o.; Both appear to recolvo many of tho nowest English works, and both will doubtloss read this book of Sir John Bowring, and, in case either of thom should honour us by also reading this artiolo, we toko tho oppor tunity bore of conveying tb .them our assur- ances of respect and admiration for their (cha- racters and accomplishments. . í So far from these accomplishments being those of mere pedants, wo find the first King capable of displaying a.practical wisdom which strikingly reminds us of Benjamin Franklin ... A missionary mentioned to mo that the King, when a bonze, and carrying' on his studios in the temple to whioh he retreated, bad gathered around bim many young men,' whom he was fond of instructing -in Euro peon,soiences, and encouraging-them to study the pro- gress of knowledge. Ho illustrated his .views by the following allegory :-Two men ' start from the jungle loaded with tho,coarse articles it produoes-the fibres of the'hemp, for example; they move onwards, and'come to a. placo where. there is : more' valuable- material, as cotton. The foolish and .unimprovable man persists in carrying, bis coarsp^and.unprofitable burden of .hemp; bis'wiser companion exchanges his henip for the finer and ' moro ' valuable '-material.'11 " Tlioy ' still-' moro on, ond eóme to a silk district.-v Tho fool sticks tb his hemp, the wise barters bis cotton for'silk; and-thus ihey reach the end pf thqir journey, one exhausted with carry ing on'almost worthless and heavy load, the other 'having brougbt'witb ease a profitable and valuable in ves'ment.ri --r'f ? - ; -1 * - * ^ . . . . ;. . Buddhism; but again we caution .Exeter-hall not to be too sanguine that this is a prélude to tbe súbstitution'of-Christian verity. Both lie arid his- people appear to be attached to their faith, and in somo ' particulars this - attachment is strikingly manifested- in - the midst of their :cordial>reception ¡of ! ¡European views in other: .matters.The King, in negotiating his treaty: of commerce with Sir John Bowring, appointed a day'for an'* audience which had been pro-; hounded auspicious* by the astrologers, and the' most precious present he could make¡ to: the Queen- was à' tuft of hair from the tail of u white elephant, which, in the opinion rof him- self and other orthodbx Siamese, is one of-thei forms of Iho incarnation of'Buddha'. Tho white elephant is an-; important consideration '? in the following letter, which he wrote With' his! own hand to welcome Sir John's arrival: Baj-Mondien, Grand-Palacej '. ? . ,| . - Baugkok, 27;th March, 185Ö. My gracious Friend-It give mo,to-day most rejoyful. pleasure to learn your Excellency's nrrivul hero, 03 cer toinedly as your Excellency remained now on'boord tho' steamer¡"B^ltler^wbich'.accompanied with a brig of wah; I can not hesitate, to Bond my gludful cordil moro; than! an hour.' I beg lb. Bend my privato minister, Mr. Nai Khnin Noi S.uong 'arid MK Nai Bhob'with .somo'SiomoBe' fruitsifor showing, of'ray first respect and expressing of my greatest joy,- that I will have now personal'.enter-' tai nra en t with your Excellency; in both jpubliokly and privily os well os'very intimate friend '. during, y our, Ex-, oellehoy's staying' here, when'our oilioers of State have ' communicated . with' your - Excellency,- according to Siamese ou s tom. i; .-, ...?nu > ?? : <<.: .' Please. enter, ; to Parknaro , as soon as I have .ordered thé high supremo officer of, tho apartment ¡.of foreign nflairs to get down to-dny to "Parknum" where your Ex- cellency will möet'at tho hall newly built for your Ex- cellency's riecoptnhce. ; , . ? ¡ . ih- :: ; After consultation ¡with :the .high officer thereon youl Excellency will bo leaded or. called to ¡this city with aa - much rospeot os your Excellency is my friend. '? Pienso allow bur respects according to Siamoso.men ners. .¡Yoiirt Excellency's .residence here was alrcadily prepared;, >Vo aro longly already for acceptance of your Excellency.. " .-. ... -, ; . >. , . .., . I remain your,Excellency's faithful friend, - rS. P. P.'M.¡'MONGKÜT, Kingof Siam. ? P.S.-I have just returned i from old city Ayudia of Siam 10 days ago,with the beautiful, she elephant whioh your Excellency will witness here on your Excellency's arrival. ' . r ' . S. P. P. M. MONGKUT, tho King. ! To bis Excellency Sir John Bowring, . '?'? ? Night Dr.' of Laws, &o;" Seo., Seo. , . As in many English: letters tho dominant idea comes up in the postcript-"European' negotiators and: European notions are per- fectly welcome, but leave us, if you please, to ' revere our white elephants." Wo io not pro pose to give any extracts from Sir John Bow Ting's personal narrative, which gives an-'ac- count . of the ceremonials with which he . was received and .the ' manner in which ? the treaty: was negotiated. Suffice it to say that ho encountered few difficulties, that he was very handsomely treated, and that ho succeeded both in tho substantial objects of his mission and in vindicating his dignity .as an envoy from, England. Tho moro intelligent Siamese wero already prepared to, admit a greater freedom of commerce on grounds their clear perception of which is sur- prising. Tho Primo Minister himself had studied the question, and even rehearsed the discussion in which ho expected Sir John would engage him. , , , Among otbor carious evidences of the,state of his mind, I learnt that on ono occasion ho sent for a foreign gentleman whoso opinión bo groatly .valued,'and, in the prosenco of many persons, said to his adviser,- - " Now you must make yourself Sir John Bowring j answer me, Why did you oomo to Siam ?-We are become your neighbours; wo wish to be your friends. Lot us be friendly neighbours. We want to buy and to sell; we have things you would like, you have thoso wo want. Don't shut the door. ' " Tho door is not shut I Is thoro no boom to stop tho passage of tho river at Paklat ? ....... " Well, in o large houso with many servants tho door moy safely be loft open ; in n small houso with few ser- vants tho doors must bo shut. Don't you shut your door ?--Yes, against thieves and robbers. .'But wo don't shut the door i Anybody may ooma to Siam.-Trna I but you mako us pay too muoh for passing. ' " Did we not reducá tho payment when you com- plained?-You did; but you farm tho artioles that wo want to buy. You make the prices too high; tho ships oon realizo no profit so many people.tako the profils between tho labourer who grows and tho raorohant who solis, that the foreigner can gat nothing, , "How can we do without taxes?-You cannot do without taxes; thoy should bo moderato, not exoossivo. Besldos, there are artioles you will not lot us buy nt all -rico, for instnnoo, and teak wood. 1 " Teak wood I we havo none to spare. We want it. I wish anybody would find more. Thora is abundance in tho jungle. "Not it is a great way off, far from the river. Wo havo buffaloos and elephants-seo ' how little thoy bring?-You .do not anoourogo those who como to buy. . . i . " Talk of rioo I Why, in China they have two crops a ypnr. They havo mountains and valleys, and can irri- gate as they will. As for Siam, it is levol. Wo have too much water, no rice J too littlo water, no rica! But when we havo moro than we want we export,-But if you allowod it to bo exported moro persons would cult], vate. Why is Bangkok, whioh was onao,in tho midst of junglo, now surrounded with gardens-beautiful, pro. duotivo gardons ? Because there is a raorkot. Opon new markets ; you won't want produoo-rioo and sugar. See what a soil you havo I ? " " Yes I a soil, but no pooplo. A soil without a people is but a wildornesB ; and tho pooplo wo hovo aro so lazy, not Uko your pooplo. Your pooplo might and would' cultívalo the soil. And then' you havo angines and capi- tal, and do . everything by machinery. Did not tho English onqo woavo thoir doth. in their own housos ? And now tho onginos moko it. so ohoap, that no ono in Siam can live by making thread for doth.-Some suffer, but far mora nra benefited by ohenpor and better olothes. . , " I don't know that they aro bettor olothod. Now, toll me, if rioo' oost 00 .Heals hero, and soils for 00 at Shanghao, is that n profit ?-But whoro thoro is trndo thoro in a mutual benaflt ; a bettor price for what you sell, a lower price for what you buy. " What can we ooo sumo ? Wo aro a small oountry. An allianao with England is tho intimaoy of a poor man with a groat prlnooj tho prinoe gots nil tho honoflts, tho poor man mnkos all tho sacrifices. What oan England Í;ot from Siam ?. Why, I havo hoard that thoro aro men n England Hub onough to buy all the oountry.-Tho riobes of England grow from tho trado of England ; that trada is made up from many regions, ovory ono of which will holp. Siam will help, Japan will help, Cochin China will help. " We havo no wants; wo havo n hot sun, A gonfle, mon hore only requires a waistcoat or so s but with you. how many wants?-But you havo wants; or why all i thoso cloaks, and looking-glasses, and ornaments, and a |huodrod things f J' Well, if ve hara wants, we bavo no money,-Wo don't want money-you have what money is to us,' " No,' nb I but we cannot help irv ' we have got what wo have got',: i You bave a parliament, you have lawB, yon have-(impatiently).-Pray for the blessing you don't pOBBOBS. ' "Pray," pray I You have beon long praying ; have you obtained your prayers ? " ? '-????'' In conversations like theso -who can fail to observe tho workings pf intelligence of a very high,order ? . We must fairly answer Sir ¡John's question in the affirmative, while wo i'epeat of, his own Performance that it is, exceedingly interesting, and ,is made ? tho most of by some , choice,, pic- torial illustrations. ,, ; - , 