THE " BENEVOLENT PLATFORM FEVER." AND ITS FIRST VICTIM. (Irom the Ballaarat Star.) We hopo that the Citizens Committee-that impartial body who borrowed their philan- thropy from Lord George Gordon, and stole their rhetoric from Edmund Burke-are per- fectly satisfied with the deadly issue of the convict mutiny, at William3tiwn, on Thurs- day last. Blood has been shed, and human life sacrificed. That blood was the blood of Mr. Inspector Price; that life, the life of the man upon whose devoted head has boen poured the howling invectives and rancorous, abuse of the whole tribe of felon-hero-wor- shippers. ' He whose stern discipline awed and subdued the most ferocious ruffians,-and yet who was known to deal in the most humane nnd considerate spirit, with reclaim able and penitent criminals, -has fallen beneath tho savage attacks of his cowardly assailants, stimulated to the commission of the outrago-as there "is every leason to believe-$y the conviction (inspired by the dissemination among them of nume- rous copies of the roport of the Citizens' Com- mittee) that the sympathie? of the public were arrayed upon the side of the convicts, and , that Mr. Inspector Price was as much anob | .iect of hatred to the community at large as to I the hardened ruffians by whom he was assas [ Binated. " He has paid a terrible penalty," says the Agc. "His untimely and unfortunate end is the melancholy result of that vindictive feel- ing whioh his own conduct and policy have I fostered in the minds of the convicts under his ' chargo." A terrible penolty, indeed ; and we do not envy the feelings of those who can gloat over such a calamity. But to the unscrupulous sjmpathiserswith the villains implicated in the murder,' the tragedy, no doubt, presents something of a heroic aspect. It was not a sanguinary murder, but a solemn act of retri- butive'punishment-''a terrible penalty," justified by necessity, and sanctioned by the l(x lalionis. We presume that a public meet- ing will be called for the purpose of declaring * that, in this instance^ " killing " was " no murder-." that the assassins have deserved well of their country in general, and of tho Citizens Committee in particular; and that an act of crace or plenary amnesty should be at onco accorded to them. All this will come to pasB if these wretched popularity- hunters oro sincere in their belief, and consistent ia their conduct ; and Evil dreds havo their permissive pass, And not their punishment. If, however, in spite of the Citizens' Com- mittee, the law should be permitted to take its course, and its extremo penalty should bo visited upon the murderers, or either of them, llieir names will no doubt be inscribed by their sympathisers, upon the pages of the Vic- torian Martyrology. In dealing with such desperate villains as the convicts of this Colony, was Mr. Pricj'd discipline too severe ? In the case of such miscreants, no, emphatically no! We would not speak with unnecessary harshness of anj of our fellow creatures. While we could per- ceive the ghost of a chance of reclaiming the most hardened and profligate of our crimi- nals, we would make tbe effort for his vi reclamation, hopefully and heartily. WliiU any latent spark of goodness could be de tected as existing in the natura of a malefac tor, we would not altogether despair of hil moral amendment ; but wo must bear ir mind that we have, in this colony, a oonsi derable sprinkling of the worst desperados: that can afflict society;-men hardened it iniquity,-men whose whole career has beei one succession of criminal atrocities,-met almost sublime in infamy,- men of bruta instincts, brutal habits, brutal feelings, bruta physiognomies, and brutal passionp,-mer who super-add the cunning of the human in tellect to the physical force and ferocit; of the wild beast. Such men may h cowed and awed, but never reclaimed. Sof words and gentle usage will not conjure th devil out of them ; it must be subdued by i stronger will and a more determined natur than their own. For the subjugation ani control of wild animals, a Van Amburgh i preferable to a Howard. Let us hear what Thomas Carlyle has t say upon this verysubject :-" Howard abate the .iail-fover; but it seems to me he has bee the innocont cause of a far more disfcressîn fever, which ruges high just now ; what w may call the Benevolent Platform Feve Howard is to be regarded as the unluck fountain of that tumultuous frothy oceat tide of benevolent sentimentality, ' abolitio of punishment,' all absorbing ' prison disc pline,' ani general morbid sympathy inßtea of hearty hatred for scoundrels, which threatening to drown human society i deluges, and leave, instead of an edifice i society, fit for the habitation of men, a conl nent of foetid ooze, inhabitable only by mu gods and creatures that walk upon their bell o f » * j» In brotherhood with the base and foolish, for one, do not mean to live, not in brothc hood with them, was life hitherto worth mut to me ; in pity, in hope not yet quite swa lowed of disgust,-otherwise in enmity th must last through eternity, in unappeaBab aversion, Bhall I have to live with thes Biotherhood? No, be the thought far fro me. They aro Adam's children,--alas yes, well remember that, and never shall forget i hence this rage and sorrow. But they ha gone over to the dragons : they have qultt the Father's house, and set up with the O Serpent; till they return, how can they brothers ? They are enemies, deadly to thei selves and to me and to you, till then ; t then, while hope yet lasts, I will treat them brothers fallen insane ¡-when hope has endt with tears grown sacred and wrath gro^ sacred, I will cut them off in the name GOD! It is at my peril, if I do not. Wi the servant of Satan 1 dare not continue partnership. Him, I must put away, rei lately and forever; 'lest,' as It ÍB written, become partaker of bis plagues."' Wo are unwilling to weaken the force this pregnant passage by any Supplemente remarks. If Oarlyle's observation of t criminal classes in England has led him the irresistible conclusion that it includes considerable proportion of hopeless rep hnteB, "supreme scoundiels," and "dev messengers," as he elsowhero colls them what would he say to our Vandemoni ruffians, steeped to the very lips in all inani of iniquities, and case-hardened by the f quent commission of the most revolt! crimes? And yet it is on behalf of such vc that all this morbid sympathy " has be evoked. It is the presence of such men large among UR that partly necessitates i maintenance of a costly police establishme and it is, in part, to keep such men in s custody, when captured, that we are co pelled to keep up prisons, hulks, stockac and such like penal establishments. Fina it is by the hands of such men, stimula and encouraged by popularity-hunting fc zons, that the fatal blow has been Btri whicli lias deprived a fellow-creature of life, and the colony of the services of an a functionary, zealous in the performance his duties, and a martyr to their faith fulfilment. DISTRICT INQUEST. - An inquest was held Before Dr. Youl, the District Coroner, on the 24th inst., on the body of Henry Sugden, a young man, twenty four years of age, who was killed by falling out of a cart on the 23rd. The occurrence was purely accidental, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. BUITONED UP MBN.-Mr. Tite Barnacle waa a buttoned-up man, and consequently a weighty one. All buttoned-up men are weighty. All buttoned-up men are believed in. Whether or no the reserved and never exercised power of unbuttoning, fascinates mankind; whether or no wisdom is supposed to condense and augment when buttoned-up, and to evaporate when unbuttoned ; it is cer- tain that the man to whom importance is ac- corded is the buttoned-up man.-Little Dorrit. A COOL WAITEESS IN TUB CBIHEA.-I called for the landlord, and expected to see a mous tached, hard-featured vieux Francais. vfhafc waB my astonishment when a curtain at one j Bide of the stable waa drawn, and a pretty, ! livelyFrench girl of two or three and twenty appeared. "Avez-vous du cafe?" I said. " Non, monsiouv, maiB j'en ferai tout de suite ; asseyez- vous, je vous prie," handing us the chairs or stools. We sat down, and she com- menced making coffee. Presently a round shot came whizzing along, and fell near the court-yard. Away went Mahomet outside, nnd I couldjiot induce him to enter again. He did not appear inclined to fling away a Bingle chanco, and when his share of the coffee was prepared, he took It alfresco. "Is it not rather uncomfortable living hero?" said the ¡English officer who was with mo to our fair hostess " No," she replied, " I am pretty well accustomed to it." "Well, but don't you think there'ra good deal of danger?" he con- tinued. "Not much; and if there was I shouldn't mind it; one must live, and it paya mc keeping this eafi." " Do you never havrf shots through the roof?" I said. " I think we had three altogether last week, but none the last three days." ' " What do you do in sack cases, or when they fall in the yard ?" " Why, if they aro round shot, I take no notice of them ; if shells, I run into the yard or the cafe", and shut the door after me."-Money's i Twelve Months with (he Bathi- Bamukt. . J i , "i 