JgisttilEras. The Eeigw- op TEEEOE IS FbasosJ-^ M;azziui w rote the following letter to the Daily Jftvse: **Sir-The work of persecution in France is gQjaff on silently birt unceasingly.- Doomed prisouers art eon* tinning to ccach Marsei3es every night from all the de partment*. They are conveyed, like the repria dejuaObr, - in celifciar TanB. The airestfc were all predetermined. Thej-look place simultaneously fa' all localities n few daja before the promulgation of the I/aar of Public Safety, from old and recent lists- of names, merdy - marked with the word **«pnblican.*r They arc vary' cumeroos. The Governor of Algeria writes. argirig fer > other places of confinement lidflg -cboeea, Algiers alone = has already 7»s0 prisoners. £-~ ib in the nndst of, at least apparent, tranquillity, a second and enlarged edition o2 the ccttp&ttoi.; The ferocity^in the execution of the orders is rivalling the Syllan icspotiamof the measure Allow me to quote a few instances,'-M. Rcbrun, a notary, at Charot, arrondisseroent of li&zrges; department of the Cher, iras arrested at the end of bis <Ji2ner, Strack by the suddenness of the measure,-he waa taken ill. He was refused all help, aHd was brutally dragged into the ran. On the way, at St. Florent, >he implored for a medical man, and was equally refused. Ofc reachiner the Maison d* Arret, at Bourgts, his state was such that the gaoler declined to receive him. He'-was* taken to the Hospital, where, soon after, he died.-^-Jbaa Bartfceix, innkeeper at Slazannet, department of tie Torn, 7tf years old, had been transported to Cayenne in* 18S2, from whenc°, three yoara after, he was r2mo7edt to Algsexs. He remained there until February, 1859. Being then seized with a severe complaint (swelling of the liver), he obtained a ticket of leave for six months, and hastened home* Eight days after be was arrested, manacled, dragged from prison prison* to Marseilles, where he is now in a a ring- stats, and without "any medical fcelffc-Frederico Castaldi, on Italian exile, residing at Marseilles, and there earning his bread by trading, was ordered on the | 16t.a of November last to Poitiers. Ke^ubm&ted;, but all his-prospects and his liopes resting- on his- sojourn- , ing at SEarscilleB, he urged some friends act for him at Paris* His conduct having been alway? peaceful and absolutely inoffensive, he was listened to.and the Chtf de Surete Publique promised to M. Sattec,-rfhief Ebrarian at the Ministry of the Interior, that his request would be granted,should some respectable person come for ward as security for him. M. Taxile Delort volun teered, and was accepted. On M. Salles communicating the information to M. Besson, Prefect at Marseilles, Castaldi went back and took up his abode at l'Estagne, a villa near the town. On thie 29th of January he was, however, arrested, thrown in prison, then, without a single interrogatory, sent, on the 2nd of April, to Lam bessa -I am, &c.;, JOSEPH MAZZINI. April 8." HOW LOUIS NAPOLEON ESCAPED FROM HAM.-I recorded, during the last days of December, that ofie of the first quests at a breakfast at the Elys£e was the cur£ of the fortress at Ham, who had been the Prince's spiritual director, as wcUas one of his principal social resources during his imprisonment;, and at tbe same breakfast was likewise present the faithful dog who had been his more constant companion, and, most on* wittingly, bad nearly destroyed his master's chance of escape. I premise that I never was at Ham, and hare no personal acquaintaace with the locality, but repeat the story as it.was told, at the time, to me:-"The Prince, disguised as one of the file of workmen going forth to their dinner,.had passed the drawbridge, when the director,.whose duty it was to examine them in passing, caught his eye, and turned to interrogate the foreman as to his identity, when his attention wa* diverted by some defectin the work then in progress. Whilst his en quiries in reference to this were going on, the line of workmen passed out, and the Prince amount them. He then took a separate direction,.which had been before arranged, to the. summit of a bare acclivity. Casting his eye around, he saw that his dog, which had been shut up to prevent any chance of betrayal, had made his escape,.had caught sight of him, known him in fcpite^of his disguise, and was bounding and careering after him at full speed, little aware how fatal, at such a moment, would be any habitual demonstration of bis affection. Had the Prince hurried his pace whilst yet in sight, that very act would probably have caused instant suspicion. With what intense anxiety had he, therefore, to calculate the possibility of passing, the brow of the hill before this unconscious cause of danger reached him. The inter* mediate summit of the nndnlatinjr ground was already behind him, and just concealed him from the fortress, when the delighted animal jumped upon his shoulder, .and was welcomed in safety,> and, 1 understand, has never since left him." How much of future political destiny,, perhaps, hung upon the comparative speed^at which the do? and his master had passed the intervening? distance. -A Year of Revolution in Paris. JZyltord Ifornuniby. THE HUMOURS OF Pabisiai.* AEIISH,-M a late frolic gives by Dantan, the whole of the French and foreigh aristocracy were gathered, eaeer to enjoy the opportunity of beholding at once the most complete a semblage of modem artists to be met with in Paris. Eosa Uonhenr was there, as a negro boy, all in whiter . with blackened face and neck; Mdlle. Marcus was leaning on her arm, a miller's apprentice,, with face and ' hands all whit a with flour; then came Meissonier as ; Punch, and Dubupe as a maJade imiginair** A capital | mystification took place at the door* Nadaud, who had adopted the costume of a blacksmith, fooled thfr porter to the top of his bent. "Where are you goingr' I screamed the Cerberus; "that stair was n>t meant for the like of you i" " Well, never mind;, as I saw there was dancing going forward upstairs, 1 thought I might 1 amuse myself as well as other folks. But I*tn quite willing to pay; here's half a franc--! suppose it is no ; more in such a place as this ?" The indignant porter rushed after Nadaud, who was proceeding leisurely up I the stairs, and seizing him ruddy by the shoulders, en I deavoured to eject him by force. The scuSe brought the guests to the top of the stairs. Nadaud carried the I joke as far as possible, until the guard from thi neigh 1 homing post was fetched by Gerome, disguised as a ; sucking baby, and then he declared himself, to the iufi | nite amusement of the company. . Henri Mounier, as a i monthly nurse, was the soul of the evening; and | Dantan then and there cast off a rough sketch of his pccu ! liar appearance, which will, perhaps, become amongst the most popular of his works. The best of music, and | the fine fleur of literary taste, were heard on that memo rable evening, which no one had found too long, even | when dawn shone with enquiring gaze through the sky light of the atelier.-Court Journal. THE ITSENCH Peasantby OPPOSED TO Cok iruiasH.-I understand (July, 1848) Changamier says privately that, on his way up from Marseilles, he could not find any one who liked the Republic; yet that the affair is 6till so well organised at Paris, and in somo of the lar^e towns, that any attempt to change it at present would lead to a fearful civil war. I was told by my friend Soger, yesterday, who was in all the thickest of. the fight, that everywhere, even in the " Banlicux, the feeling of all tbe lower classes was on the side of the in 6argents, eveu where they did not openly join them* The ouoriers have been thoroughly corrupted, as a body, iu Paris, by the doctrines that have been so long circu lated as to their righto. The best chance of safety lor the country is, that this feeling is not all shared by the peasants, who, from the subdivision of property, have almost all their little plots of ground, and who, therefore % are furiously opposed to the doctrines of Communism, and thence the arrival from alt parts of the country of such, a succession of Provincial National Guards. I am glad to bo able to say that the upper classes here, who were supposed to have shown great want of moral courage in resisting the progress of revolution, did, when the decisive moment arrived, and they felt aU was at stake, fight heroically through the four days, without auy distinction of party, from the " Noailles" down to Cl&nient; Thomas. -4 TTear of iRevolution t» JBy Lord iVorraanoy. IjORD LXTTELTON A2fD THE GrHOST.*-Some years ago I met an old gentleman at Ewell, in Surrey, near which is Pitt's-place, where his Lordship died. He gave me the following account, which he bad from a gentleman who was in the house at tbe tune. This person was tbe orgsnist of a neighbouring town, whose corapanv was much courted on account of his musical talent, and who was a frequeat visitor to Ins Lordship. The story ordinarily told is this:-That be dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had seduced appeared to him, and predicted his *Vath at 12 at night on the third day following. My informants story differs only thus far, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother or the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart in consequence of her daughter's dishonour. Lord Lyttel ton was at this time in a very bad state of health, In consequence of his excesses, and was subject to what my informant called "suffocating fits"-probafclv ner vous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his deatli, the foretold third day, [he had a party of friends at Pitt's-place, among whom was the organist whence my informant h&d; the -account. He says that Lyttelton was in a state- ef some agitation, and had told the story - of the dream to his friends. As the night wore on and midnight approached hU nervousness la* creased painfully; and some of bis visitors said, during his absence, *' Lyifcelton will frighten himself into another fit with bis foolish ghost story," and they deter mined to put & clock which Btood in the room forward, and when he returned to them they said, "Hurrah! Lyttelton, 12 o'clock is past; you've jockeyed the ghost. Now the beet thing is to go quietly to bed, and in the morniDg you will be all right." He accordingly went upstairs, and while some of his guests were putting on their coats to depart, his valet came down to fetch something-it was paid to get some mint water; which he was is. the habit of taking leaving his Lordship alone. At this period the clock of the parish church, which was not £ar off, and which, of course; could not have beeu touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour, The valet proceeded upstairs,,and shortly Durst forth into loud exclamations. The party rani iajyana found Ms Lordship .hai fallen dead* impression was, that the sudden from a state of fendedsecurity t<] caused such a reaction ^ boog tm iv,e JtrJ: carried him off. He, no doubt, h^hewdth^nrt st« of the dock®. -SSSSMi ££ of the l^emU/ of the T doabt tg£A& Uufcstastrophe. It le not improbable most ghoit i Btorira roigtvt be found to end m a similar natural sola tion.-ifota and Qaeria. «John, Bald a cockney solicitor to his son, " I eee yoaU never do for an attorney, you have no tenergy" "Skose me, father," Teplieil Join, .'irlurt I mat u Rome of your cfticfcenaiy." Db. LrrcNGETOt-E.-la addressing & lar ge audience, in Edinburgh, tbe distinguished traveller gsre some teiy amuiog particulars of tbe native Afriouii He said"There is a good deal of ignorance abort Africa in England, josl as there is ignorance of in Alncs. In fact, in that respect, we are veiymuch alike. The Africans Idok upon us white people as only another tribes of men, and, when 1 attempt to tell what their numbers way be. they pat to me the question, *Are they as many as a cloud of locusts ?' If I eay yes, thej ask me further whether, if ea h of the white people ware to take a locust into his hand, they would finish the whole cload. Of courec I Bay I think they would. Then they would add, *'Your Queen, must be very rich indeed when she has so many people/ * Oh, yes/ Ireply/aheis exceedingly rich;' and I am asked,* Has she many caws?* -a question I really could never answer (langhtcr); and then, when ! mention the fact that 1 have never seen the Queen, they say,. What sort of people xnnstyou be never to have seen your chief?' ... . When English people think about Africa, they imagine that all O.c Africans are like the specimens we hare in trout of the tobacconists* shops. (Laughter.) This is not the case at all* That is the real negro type that is only to ba found in the lowest part of the population. Thepeoplc generally are not altogether black. Many of them are of olive colour-or of the colour of coffes-and-milk, and usually the higher grades of society are of this lighter colour. I imagine that the type we sec ou the eminent Egyptian monuments is more near the type of the central population than the tobacco shop variety." (A laugh.) The Doctor spoke of the Africans as susceptible of culture mid willing to trades he referred to the fertility of tbe soil, and mentioned bis opinion that by the cultivation or cotton there we shall not only civilize tho natives, but shall contribute largely , towards the abolition of slavery in America. ^Dr. Living stone afterwards replied to a question which had been put to him-w Do the native tribes employ slave labour?" He said'"The tribes in the interior might beaaid to emplov slave labour in this way-when one tribe con quered auother it took the people of the conquered tribe into subjection, and eailed them tlieir children. Their condition approached to that of slavery, bat there was this difference between it and the American slavery,that there was no Fugitive Slave Law. (Applause.) They were called children, but their condition was rather of serfs. Each man had his own land to cultivate, aud iiis own family and house, but when bis master went forth to war he accompained Mm as a servant, and must fight in his defence. The children of the serf, however, became exactly like the tribe which had conquered their parents. They were initiated by circumcision, and there was n« difference Bstween them and the native members of the tribe. Evfery tribe tried to augment their power by adding to their number by means of conquest, but tbe amount of service the conquered bad to render was very small indeed. They sat doan with their masters, and were nearly on an eqhality with them, and if not kindly treated they ran away, and the tribe to which they went generally received than with great kindness, and they became 'children' there. Approaching the Portuguese settlements, however, they fonnd slavery more perfectly developed."-Trader. A Model Hohss&beakeb.-An; anecdote is related of a worthy yeoman, well known in the North of England as a successful breeder, and who has always been his own horsebreaker':~Biding a colt one day aboufr noon, the animal refhscd to turn out of the high road that led to bis own residence, Into the direction be wished him to take. After for some time trying every act of encouragement and* kindness to induce him to comply, but in vain, he quietly brought bim to a stand still on the spot, and opposed every attempt the horsa made* towards home. An hour having then passed la simply resisting the animal's bent, a second essay waa made to team him, but again without effeet. Observing a'lad pica at the mamen^herequeeted him, in true York shire dialect, to go to his wift * and teJA her to send Mm his dinner. The repast duly arrived,aod'was eaten npon the animal's back. Auother etfort was then made^ but an equally fruitless one. Ajoordingly,. the servant was desired to'return home and being his master's supper in the eveaing, if he did not himself aarive Various other useless c&deavoccswere; subsequently made at mtervate* till evening, and tfresupper waUy appeared* The meal dispatched, the nagsenger again eenfc home for other provisions adapted for the midnight watch. and also nhat, in Yorkshire, is Bccaetimes called a " neetcapi?'' but before hecoald return the animal's obstinacy was exhausted, and he be&ame; tradable, and obedient- to* his waster's hand; - Such were the means which this Judicious trainer invariably employed,, strictly prohibiting the useef either whip or spur, and opposing erery attemptrof a *oung horse ^disobedience, or vice* with patxsnt determination and kindrwe*.-Afinm £&? anesdote is told of a ^Lancashire man who had another down and was pammellingJhim,. when a stranger passing by said-"You great coward, why don't yoa let) him eat up." "If you had-ismuch trouble as I in getting him down, yoa woulo >net be for letting Mm geiuD." Aar AsH>EOG"r tob A I/e£2iik& Abctcie. TVs select the following paragraph from. a Trinidad paper recently received, in whichrtlie editor fa-roars his readers with a singular apolosy for a leader. Labouring wider a fit of lassitude, for which fcrbaps, the ctimate considered, some allowance ougit< to be made; be Wr'icE "Our- dis-posifciott for com-pcaHnon- is -restraiaed by indis-position.. This deposition is 30 im-positioo, but we expect' ia. She aert number to -ofr in a position to resume our exposition." Abmce. toBachelobs.-Souag menj.if yoa haw ariivcd at the right point of life for it, let every other consideration give way to that of getti&g; married. Donr't think of anythmg else. Keeg> poking abaut among the pabfeish of tl» world till yoa hive stiered up tt gem wartk-poasesuag, in the shape of a wife,. Sewr thinic of <fei'cyinff t&e; matter, for delay*, as well as tike wild boarsj are dangerous. A. good wife is the best, most faittaful- companjonyoa can possSily-have, by your side while performing the journey of life-a dog isn't a touch to her. She- can "smooth you^ iiaea and your cares'* for joay mend your trousers, aud-ahsnge-jour manners; sweeten youz sour moments, a& wdl -as your tea and coffee, fbr you; ruffle, perhaps, your shirtbosom, but not yaar temper; and, instead of sowing. the seeds of sorrow- in-your path, she will sew buttons on your shirt, and plant happiness instead of harrow-teeth, in your. bosom.. Yes; and if you aro tee -confoundedly lazy, or to3*-proud to do such wock- yourself, she will cany ewi31 to the bogs, chop woodr.and dig potatoes for dinner; her love for her bssbaud is- such as she will do anything to please him-swept receive corn pan; ia her everyday clothes. When a woman lores she loves with a double-distilled -belovedness; and when.etie hates, she hates on tha-high-pressare prin ciple. Her love is as deep as the ocean,. as- strong as a hempen halter, and as immutable as- the rock et ages. She wont change it, except it is in -a. very strong fit of jealousy-and even tben it lingers as-if loath to part, like evening twilight at the windows of the west. Get married by nil mean?. All tbeeicaBes-joacaa Ssh out against doing the deed ain't worth a spoonful of pigeon's milk. Mark this: if, blessed withvbealth. and employ ment^youaxe unable to support a .wife, depend upon it, you are not capable of supporticg-yonrself. Therefore, to much the more need of annexation;, for in union, as well £.5 in a uuion, there is strenglft. Get married, -I repeat, you must. Concentrate yorar affections upon one objjeet, and don't distribute them, crumb by crumb, amongst a host of Susans, Marias* Elizi3, Betseys, Peg gies, and Dorothies- allowing eaeh scarcely enough to nibble at. Get married, and tiavfl some one to cheer yoa upas you journey through this "iowly rale of-tears" somebody to scour up your dull*. melancholy momenta, ; and keep your whole life, and whatever linen you pos : sess, in some sort of Sunday- go-to-meeting order. Asn eri/ian 9tont*r Indian "Wene axd TEA.-"What fools men are," exclaimed the Baron, while the servants were unpacking, "to huddle themselves together in old . countries, when lands like there remain uncultivated-and unenjoyed! And what fools aie those travellers who go* year after year, gazing on comparatively paltry mountains and lakes, which the eyes ot the vulgar of all nations have beheld, when suoh fresh and gorgeous scenery "as. this may be looked at! Travelling in Switzerland and. Italy!-bah!" "Bat; roy daar Baron," said the French-, man," you forget that the fieainsnlar and Oriental Com-. pany demand £1 a day for- conveying you from England; to India, in consequence,,they say, of the deamess of coals." " Ah, well" laughed the Baron, opening frith, his own hand a bottle of hock, and emptying the contents. iuto a silver tankard, "if yoa regard the matter in an* economical point of view, yon at once cut short my argu ment and my sentiment* Egad 1 what grapes "could be grown on yoader hill, ia that warm valley t What wine could be grown there i' I will come out to this country, with a few German peasants. I will have vineyards.: I will make a fortune eo colossal that Rothschild when bo is iu difficulties wiH have to write to me. Yes, I will. The thing is to be done, and I will do it!-** "But you forget," e&id; Mr. West, "that you are some X2J0 or 1,300 miles from the nearest seaport, Calcutta, and that there would be some little diffi- - culty in transmitting the produce to Europe." " Europe I Europe! Why do you talk of Europe? Does not British'India contain enough of Europeans ta. make a market ? This-bottle of good wine which we ore going to drink costs 12s. in this country. I could grow It, make it, and sell it for Is. per bottk-! Ahl-yoa may laugh; but £ tell yon this is the fact. I am a proprietor of vineyards, and do not speak at random like a (school boy or an en:hcsiast The natives of the country would soon learn that art, for an art it is, of wine-makiBg; and as for the soil, it is superb. Yes! Grow wine which would do your soldiers good. Generous wins, instead of that blDoo-drying, brain - consuming, soul-destroying arradc-yoar horrible grogs, and yonr bile-making beer. "But we have no roads. Baron." "Traet But is there a scarcity of labour in India? Are pickaxes, shovels, spades, saws, and gunpowder to blast rocks, so expen sive that a Government cannot procure them ? Boads t Jly good Sir, only a few years ago there was no road over the Spliigen! The time was vJien you had no road from Calcutta to Benares. You have no roads! Well, make them. The wine and thtiea that yoa grow will more than pay for them, as well as remunerate the growers." "Ihe tea?" asked.Mr. West. "Yes, the tea, I said!" returned the Bason. " You have disco-* vered that you ean grow tea in. the lower range of these mountains, and you do grew it in small quantities now, why not, having made the experiment, grow it in large quantities? I would cay to Mr.Chinaman, "I thank you very much, but I do not want any more of your tea. You are insolent, overbearing, and insulting; own t you ir JSoutehold Words. Theoby OF Sba-Siceniss.-The seat of the sense of nauEea is the pit of the stomach, and Uxere»Uke a sorcerer in his cave, lies the solar plexus. This, ac cording to Erasmus Wilson (Spas of Germany and Belgium) is the god who is to be propitiated by those who aro afraid of sea-sickness; some of whomoffer him a good breakfast or agood dinner, a glass of grog, a pinch of cayenne-pepper, a dose of peppermint^ camphor, creosote, laudanum, naptlia, ether, or chloroform. Others cover his pit externally with a camphor-hag, and over it. a worm piaster of cinnamon or frankincense. None of the'internal preventives, Sir. AVilsan thinks, are worth anything, except a good dinner or breakfast at the usual lame when the god is hungry, and sodawater when be ia thirsty, with a litllo sherry or- branny in it; but the external remedies are better, chiefly because they hestow warmth and pressure. The cause of -the tiokaea, however, is the unaccustomed motion-the vertical motion more especially, and added to that the hori zontal and other motions ute are more familiar with ia a railway carriage; and it is to this we are to apply any remedial process we adopt; with a via* "to ax the nros« cnlar system, over which we have control, sua by thftt fixture to steady,. if not totally to fix, .ol*r PjexoR, Mr. Wilson, after making experiments opou iumsel& advises that a belt, or, to the absenpe of that, a eha-jrl, should be wound round the trunk, «uklng strong^pres sure upwards from the hips to the middleof the chest, and that toe patient-or rather he wha ia determined i«>t to become a patient-ahraM sit doro on a bench,fixliia heels against the deck, and resist with all his purer anj movement of the vesseL THE ART OF Shopping.-" Wliafa tba price of rtli" article?" enquired a deaf old lady. "Seven shillings." said -the draper. " Seventeen shillings!" sh* exclaimed; *^IH give you thirteen." "Seven shillinas.** Seven sfiUUnga,1 revueu is uie price -of the article." Oh! seven shillings," the lady retorted; "I'll give 30a five." DISADVANTAGE of NEABsiaHXEDSiss.-A yonsg clerical gentleman reflates this anecdote of one of his Dutch brethren-.-The old fellow was about com mencing one of his spiritual exercises, when, to die dis advantage of his bong a little nearsighted, was added the poor light of a country church. After clearing his throat; he gave out the hymn, prefacing it with the apology "Be light tish bad, mine eyesish dim, Icannot see to read dish hymn." The clerk, supposing it was the first stanza of the hymn, struck ap the tune of common metre. The old fellow, taken somewhat aback by this turn of affairs, corrected the mistake by saying "I didn't mean to sing dish hymn, I only meant mine eyes ish dim." £The clerk, still thinking it a continuation of the couplet, finished in the preceding strain. The old »nnn, at this, waxed wroth, and CTrlaimed, at the top of his voice " I tink ter tyvela In ytm all. Sat T«b wajtan to ting aVall," 