ORIGINAL POBTRY. AUSTRALIA'S WARNING. BY HUGH K. WALKER, WAGWAGGERY. DONALDSON. AUSTRALIA! Australia! beware of the day When suffrage of manhood and ballot have sway, For the future I scan, with the ken of a seer, And quail at the visions of woe that appear; Democracy rampant, looms dread on my sight, Exulting enfranchis'd, and fiery for fight! Behold when he triumphs, down- trampling in wrath The bulwarks of State-craft that cumber his path To the proud posts of honour, where pastoral peers, In undisturb'd quiet, have slumbered for years: And lo! Revolution's striped tricolour'd rag Now waves where the True Blue Conservative flag So long has withstood the fierce Brickfielder's shock, Nor shrunk at the breath of the scorching Siroc,-- And the vulgus profanum;--No! still let me seek, E'en in Pythian frenzy, the ghost of my Greek,-- Anarchical Helots now paramount reign, And Wisdom and Order are trod to the plain. For Bucolical Balaam, to whom I resign My mantle prophetic and vision divine, Shall prove by a process, facetious and fit, That wealth is the test, and the token of wit, And the State-vessel drifting, to swift ruin rides, When ponderous pelf neither ballasts nor guides! YOUNG AUSTRALIA. Stop! canting Hypocrisy! have you forgot How in terms the most honeyed, you flattered the sot, Bemuddled with nobblers, and grimy with dirt, Perfumed with tobacco, and guiltless of shirt, Whose hiccoughs hysteric, and bacchanal slang, Interrupted the flow of thy fluent harangue? Say have you forgotten how fondly you deemed The vagabond outcast "your friend much esteemed?" And trope and quotation to him were addressed, As if he, in the crowd, understood thee the best; What then? if the artisan's hard horny grasp The rich "magnum bonums" of office should clasp-- Oh! surely, no pilots more fitted to steer Our Austral Leviathan's stately career Than the much-honoured friends of her primal Premier! DONALDSON. Ha! laugh'st thou--fond youth in this forest land born The wiles of the thorough-bred statesman to scorn? Nor know'st, though my speech may respect the canaille, To my heart as my eye, it is hateful as hell: I tell thee, dread ruin shall follow the hour, That invests the vile mob with political power, And renders the rule of these bright sunny lands, Into penniless patriots' radical hands;-- Oh! fair young Australia, my spirit deplores, The thunder-cloud darkening thy coral-girt shores,-- But ere the wild tempest in fury shall burst, And thy soil with red civil convulsion be curst,-- Far, far, from that land, which, unburdened by rent Allots me rich pastures of boundless extent, Where my woolly Merinos, and bellowing beeves, Roam countless and sleek as the gay forest leaves,-- And which when from pupilage first disenthralled, To its loftiest honours proud Donaldson called-- Yes, far from that land, where my fortunes and name Have risen to splendour and blazed into fame,-- E're that sad era dawn, I shall exile myself, Nor leave one poor plack of my multiple pelf In a country, whose statutes impartial, reject Its paramount title to rank and respect. YOUNG AUSTRALIA. Foul Ingrate, avaunt! must Australia quail When Donaldson's herds are placarded for sale? Or deem'st thou that Sydney her tears will effuse When Kellet House tenantless, echoes the news, That a vain, egotistical, electro-plate Tory Hath quitted the scene of his gains and his glory? Yes! Hodgson might sigh, and in grief wring his hands, And tears gush from Jenkins's lachrymose glands,-- But my country despising thy fears and thy flight, And scorning the phantoms that wilder thy sight, In the haze of thy Nubés Hellenic enwrapt, Like Razorback's summit in morning mist capt,-- Still upward and onward, undaunted shall tread, By justice inspired, and by liberty led; While fair to her blue balmy firmament glance, Her hark-forward banner's "Australia advance,"-- Till her struggles shall issue in triumph complete O'er traits and traditions of empires effete, The watch-words of tyrants, and tyranny's tools, Imported by bigots as bugbears for fools, Who pale at the pictures of popular rage, That luridly beacon dark history's page, When serfs manumitted from chains for an hour, In the wild lust of vengeance have wielded their power, Till Ruin careered o'er an ocean of blood, And the torch of true Freedom was quenched in the flood; But dare dreaming dotards such fate to foreshow, To a nation of freemen who seek to o'erthrow Distinctions untrue, and restrictions unkind, That fetter the force of its vigorous mind And would cull from all classes, the Good and the Great, Whose gifts and whose graces might strengthen the State; Dark mantis kakon, I the prophet of Hope, With thee on thy tripod dare venture to cope, For cloudless and clear as my pure native skies, My vision, a future of grandeur descries, When basking in peace, and in fair plenty's smile, Like a girdle of gems, round our Continent Isle, Democracies federate, fearless, and free As the classic republics so cherished by thee, Shall win the wide world's admiring applause, For their well-ordered states and impartial laws,-- And prove, by their progress to grandeur and fame, The wisdom that disallows each lesser claim To place and to power, but the patriot's zeal That sinks thoughts of self in the general weal. 