THE QUESTION. What is the spirit of that legislation which New South Wales — now struggling on to freedom through a perfect hjstjjf difficulties — requires most urgently ? The answer to this question is worth the seeking after; .-and wo think past events and existing cir- cumstanees supply the data on which tj .arrive at an approximate answer. Past .events, as they transpired, have testified to -the fact that half measures in legislation are of no value in the cause of political ad vancement. Existing circumstances prove clearly that measuresfounded on expediency "-measures constructed .to conciliate all .parties— are not only.uselcss, but positively ruinous to every'interest, whether great or small. Having, therefore, -the bitter ex perience of the past, and the pitiable fuilurcs of the present, on the part of our statesmen, .what means are host calculated to afford us better and more cheering prospects for the future ? Mr. Donaldson, with all liis higli- sounding professions, was unable to accom plish anything worthy the page of history. 'Mr. Parker and his Ministry, like many an inflated baloon, collapsed, and produced only an abortive Land Bill, and a financial waste fulness, The Cowper Ministry deserves as little credit .as either of the others — it came in on the land question with a flourish of trumpets, and went eut with the inhar monious squeak of a broken penny whistle, "and a cipher is the amount of its progress attainments. A professed Conservative, as >wcll as a professed Liberal Ministry has been tried and found wanting. Now, what . is to "became of the country, if the states- . men of neither of these parties can mature a single comprehensive measure? It is \- time that another system of policy should ' bo attempted — a system containing a dash of more thorough-paced radicalism. Cautious 'legislation is often no legislation at all ; the country has had two or three years' expe rience of this caution, and tho result is summed up in the mere namo of Responsible Government. — Tho- undergrowth is' so tangled and rank, that the sharp, unsparing .eytho of radicalism is necessary 'to cut a space in which tho popular plant can take root, and flourish. Radicalism we do not understand, with many, as synonymous fwith wild and heedless democracy ; hut the -same cs leforni, as it was understood in England-at the time of the passing of Lord Grey's great and glorious Reform Bill. Jit was- then supposed that the radical element which would be introduced into the House of Commons would overturn the .constitu tion, and give a deadly blow to the throne. 'The radical clement did come into opera tion, and did clear out multitudes of gross, though time hallowed abuses — it made .freemen of millions — it gave the people a voice -in the Legislature through their chosen representatives. But the constitu tion and the throne remain as healthy and beloved as ever they were by the staunchest old Tory that .ever fought fur the "divine riglrt " of 'royalty. The radical, or the re forming principle purified the accumulated . .rottenness of ages; but it preserved and \- 'festered, with religious fondness, the privi leges and liberties which the bold barons won at Runy mede from the wretched tyrant, < King 'John. Since the radicalism of reform was' ike parent of so much good to all classes and interests at homo, by making tho Commons speak tho voice and will of the nation, why should not a similar radi- calisra be applied in full force to correct the abuses which corrupt the whole politi cal «ystom>of the colony"? A Radicii Par- : liamont is required in our present circum- ; . stances. The country is weary of these '.promises of reform which are never car ried out, either from want of inclination, or from fear of what', is termed revolutionary consequences, on the part ot those giving the promises. There wotlld, however, be neither revolution nor republicanism — the Government House would not be burned down — the Queen's representative would not be deprived of any of his vice-regal powers, Tho ghost of Governor Bligh points to a despotism which reform in Aus tralia would never drram of nor tolerate. Same may indulge in fears for very popular institutions — but tho fears are utterly groundless. Satisfactory legislation will continue a thing to be hoped for, until the general moss of the people are represented. As matters are now proceeding, there is but a slender chance of the extension of reform ing radicalism being reached. But this state of things will not last to an indefinite period. There is a line of endurance within which no influence can keep tho popular mind — that lino will be broken through — the question will be settled by the reform p f all our colonial abuses. 