SALT LAKE. ]-y way of California, we ( Iferald ) havo advices (through a private letter) from Salt Lake to Starch Mtli. At thai time everything was quiet in Salt Lake City. The troops stjll occupied Fort Kridger, and tho Mormons were busily engaged putting in their crops, with tho prospect of a very favourable season. The Saints had been advised by tbeir Hblers to sow no more land than tney couiu conveniently reap at short uotice, and more persons had given their attention to farming, taking up portions of the land owned by farmers than ever before. The Mormons declare themselves ready for any emer gency, aud feel satisfied of their capacity to prevent the entrance of the force under Colonel J'ohnston. They depend greatly on thn measures taken to render the various passes impregnable, and feel confident iu being I able to gather their crops and cache their resources be fore a iletonr could be made by way of the South Pass, or before Colonel Johnston could bo riinforccd by troops enough to place bis entrance into Great Salt Lake City beyond a doubt. The intelligence brought by the^pro vions mail carrier, to the ellect that a large body of dis affected .Mormons had been permitted to leave Dessi-ret, and were ou their way to California,' is contradicted! The .Mormons aie represented as being greatly in want of many of tlifc comforts utid even necessaries of life, and clothing is extremely scarce, l'owder, arms of all descriptions, aud other munitions of war are in great demand. IxtitAN IscunsioN. — By tho following intelligence, which we extract from the Clamor Publico of Los Angeles, dated April 3rd, it will bo seen that a large party of Utah Indians have entered this state, and are committing serious depredations. The tihovo paper says The rancheros in the vicinity have been thrown into a stato ol great nlnrui within the past few days, on account of a rumour which appears to bo well founded. It is stated that a party of Indians visited the mill on the ranclio of Friza, on Monday evening last, .when tlicy carried off a lot of Hour, barloy, and soven hundred bag*. They also wont to the ranclio of C'ucamonga, and killed a number of horses. Hy their tracks, and other si«ns, these IndiaiiB aro said to be of tho Utah tribe, allies of tbe Mormons, and they number a hundred warriors.' The Paris corrrcpondence of the Independence of Brussels says ' Some Russian officers who .'.ro about to accompany Jules Oirard, the lion killer, in his grand burning excursion in Africa, entertnined him and somo other gentlemen at dinner at Phippe's, two days back : when dessert was placed on the table, Mr Leon Uortrand, one of tlie quests brought in a young she-panther bo longing to him, v. hich is so tame that she allows herself to be flayed with like a cat.' A V kn KttAULC Paih. — We saw, says tho Trinity Jour nal, tbe other day, at Hates' Ranch, on old Indian and his squaw, who ^said tiny bad suen seventy snows. The ninn is tall, unbent, and patriarchal looking, and lie .seemed to loot, oil his venerable spouse with moie res pert aiul nllc'clion than is usually betrayed by Indians. They were going to a funeral ; tho man carried a fire brand, bows anil arrows, and tho woman tbo inevitable travelling basket with tlie family valuables. Both made chesspeo historical ol their nation's ancient prosperity and power; ' but now,' said tlie old man, ' the whites have coino and our people must go out.' Tho patriarch's Kpoi'ch was grave, oratorical liko, and accompanied hy impressive and forcible gestures. A gentleman, ac quainted witli tho Indian jargon, totd us it was uncom monly forcible for Digger eloquence. In places ol' rx tiaoidinnrv interest, tbe old woman would ' put in,' to assist her hushand in (lie clearer expression ot* his ideas, talking with great volubility and Bpirit, just as the old grand iliinie iu civilization Comes to tho relief of her companions when tbe paralysis of ago has caused the words to come slow ami tremblingly from the tongue. Who knows with what unrefined but sincere love and u-u-t this aboriginal John Anderson and his wife have ' climhod tbe hills together' for three-quarters of a cen tury ? And V.ho will say that, when one diet, the other x ill not feel, in all the intensity of savage grief, iho old tree is left leafless in the forest? ' Lottn I.}TTEi.TON' AN'n TiiK Ghost. — Somo year* nno I met all old gentleman nr. Uwell, ill Surruv, near which ia Pitt'n-place, whore his Lordship died, 'lie gave nio tho following account, which ho bad from a gentleman, tvlio was in tho house at, tliu time. This person was tho organist of tho neighbouring town, whose company was e .urted on account of his tinnicil talent, and who was a frequent visitor to his L irdsliip. The story ordinarily told is this, — that he dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had seduced appeared to him, and predicted his death at twelvu at nighr, ou tbo third dar following. My informant's Btory differs only thus fir, that the »iij - piued apparition was that of tho mother of the lady in question, wjio had died of a broken lioart, in conse quoiioo of her daughters dishonour! Lord Lylte.lton Was at thin time iu a very had stato of health, in oonsc queiico uf. his excesses, and was Mibjeut to what my informant called ' still. .eating fits' — probably nervous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his (loath, the foretold third day, ho bad u party of frionds at Pitt's. plao», amongst whom was the organist whence my informant had tlio account. He wiy« that Lyttelton was in a state of some agitation, anil hail told the story of.the dream. to his friends, Ai tho night wore on and midnight approached, his nurvouinos«, increased pain fully ; and some of his visitors said, during his absence, ' Lylteltou will frighten himself iuto auother Qt with hiB foolish ghost story,'- and they determined to put a clock which stood iu the room forward, and when bo returned to them thoy, 'Hurrah I Lyttelton, 12 o'clock ia passeJ; you've jockeyed tho ghost. Now tho beat thing is to ito quietly to bed, and in tbo inornini; you will . be all right.' lie accordingly went up stairs, and while some of bis gueot* wero putting on their coats to depart, his valet, ciiuo down to letch something — it was Baul to get some mint water, which he was in' the hibit of taking, leaving his Lordship ulone. At this nii-iod the clock ol the parish ohuroh which was not fa' olfand which, uf course could not have boon touched, beoau slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour. The valot proceeded upstairs, and shortly burst f„rth into/loud exclamations. The party ran up, and found his l',ord m»ip had fallen dead. My informant's impression: wa«, that the sudden revulsion of feeling from a stale ul fiucted security to finding hiinnelf at tho moment i/i the very instant of the dreadful danger had caused such a reuuiion.ua to bring on tho fits which carried Lieu off. Ue no doubt hail heard the first stroke of the clock ua well as others down stairs, and ua eiic'li mecesshe blow Struck slowly upon tlio bell, the sense of danger »nd the remembrance of the dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a (rauio aud so diseased a mind no duiibt these caused the catastrophe. It is not impro bable most ghost stories might be found to end iu a similar natural solution.— A'otct and Ourrirt A celebrated Roman.was told to beware of tlit Ides )f Search i and our own statesmen should be eiuallv ?autiotis respecting tho 22nd uf Pebruarv, which lias leen of late years singularly fatal to tho government of his country. Ou the 22ud of Febrnar v. 1851, , Lord lohn Russell Was defeated on Locku King's mothii, and resigned. Oil the 22m! of February, 1 8'.i 2, Lord John lu-3.ell s Administration was finally broken up. Gil the ?2nd ot 1'ebruary, 1S:-5, Lord Palinerstou's Admiuistr Uton was broken up by tho rctiieinent of the l'eel'.tiea ; mil oil tho 22nd of Kehruary, IS.'iS, Lard l'almeraon's rucond Administration finally resigned, iu consequence 'f tbo vote of censure conveyed by Jlilner GibSau's notion. — Glasgow Daily Mail. Austkai.ian Minerals. — Tho vast amount of mi aeral wealth iu our Australian colonies, particularly' of \ ictoria and South Australia — the former possessing nines ill golden nuggets ami bright with veins of the precious metals, the latter with copious beds of copper :overed with flic rich enamel of tbe malachite— ii now known so universally that no other incentive is needed to draw to these mineral districts tlie surplus mining population of the mother country. Tho annual aver age value of gold exported from Victoria amounts to .I* 1 2,000,00*. sterling, which is likely to he increased con siderably, from the character of tho new ground opened up iu the newly discovered gold-lields. From the :ister colony of South Australia it is affirmed that au equity valuable result ill mineral wealth might be obtained, with Iho proper appliance of capital and labour t, de velopu more fully tho numerous rich deposits of copper iu that colony. As a specimen of what those unwro iglit localities can produce, wo are advised that a considera ble quantity of copper ore, from tlio neigbhotirhoul of Angaston, is now on its way to Swansea, which yield; the extraordinary percentage of 31 per ton of metallic cop per, thus surpassing tho celebrated Bnrra Bnrra h» an oxcchs of per ceiituge equal to about 33 to 3d in 100. the usual produce of Hurra Bnrta being abuut 22 per cent per ton. It is qtiito clcar that such important mineral, localities will not he allowed to remain long dormant, as the lucrative produco will bo equally encouraging to the miner as well as to the capitalist to embark iii sucl un dei'takiugs, especially in a country where speculation is certainty, and enterprise success.— Mining Journal. Al-sth.vi.iak Youth. — Whatever luay b-) advancnl bv our cousins in New York in favour of the physical de velopment of their children, they have vet, we brieve, to find a match foi tbo youth— only 7 mouths obi— jorn ill tbo City of Oeelong, of lhe following dimensions, ? at the age of 210 days Round the head, I!)J inches; waist, 25 ; amis, S ; ihighs, 131 ; below tho kne;s, !)i ; across tbe knuckles, 2}; height of frame, 30; veight 37 pounds avordupois. Tho ntuiio of this desceid nit from John of Gaunt or Daniel Lambert, is diaries ? , grandson of Mr Samuel Port, of the Supreme Court House, and is now to be seen in his mother's srms in all his special endowments. — Advertiser. A Oiit.VKSE Detkctivk. — Some curiosity was occasion ed during tbe last sittings of tho Quarter Sessions, by the appearanco in tho vicinity of the Court-house of a ' distinguished foreigner,' whose presence appeared to be connected with one of the cases set down for trial The stranger was equipped in tip-top style, with natty Napoleons, swellish- looking Poncho, ami cap oi' military cut. He spoke English fluently, with a 'slight foreign nccem ; nnil vyoro an air of dignilied and mysterious importance. Who is he ; What is he ; wore of course the natural enquiries. The peculiar physiognomy niarkod him as a native of the flowery land ; Qiid it transpiiod that ho was a detective in tho pay of tho Melbourne Gevernment. A Cliineso policeman is a novelty ill these pill-Is, and our quidnuncs may lie excused a little curiosity ou the matter.— Qoulburn llcrald. A u Ri:cui.aii Boomku.' — Tho following interesting communication from the bush has beeu politely handed to us for publication:— 'Towyl, July 1, 1858. Sir,— As I am aware that you are fond, of sport, t have taken the trouble to write to you concerning a very curious circumstance that occurred to-day, George, the boy that lives at lowyl whilst searching lor tho thorough bred cattle in tlio forest between Towyl plain and th. watering plain, had his attention drawn to tin scrub close by, from which souiiiIb seom to issue resembling the notes of a pack of hounds when their gatno is at bay. He made tu tlio place aa 'aobii as possible, aud you may Judge what Sort of a surprise he had, on beholding u monster kangaroo at hay, surroundod hy (as near as ho could count) not less than twenty native dogs, yiiieh, by their constant ferrettlng, had almost exhausted the mon ster. When the Waragals found that something more than n mere Kangaroo was present, they took to Bight. Tho hoy then commenced to pelt the kangaios with sticks, until ho was almost tired; the monster all tho time showing fight, and warding off tbo intended blows most dexterously with bis fore paws. Having pelted hiin for more than an hour, tho boy at last struck him a chanco, but very violent, blow upon the head, which brought the haimlosa forester to the ground.' After killing him, he cut off bis tail, which he brought home, and which I measured. It is the largest that I hare ever seen since I have been in these parts— that ia eleven years. I'rutn tho butt to the tip of tlio tail, it measured four foet six inches. As tliero are no scales at Towyl, I could not weigh it, but, to speak within bounds, I don't think it weighs less than fifteen Or twenty pounds. I wish you had been lip, so that you might have had the gratification of seeing (I believe) one of tho l.-.rg, st kan gaaoos tbat has ever been seen iu ihce parts, 'l he long drought, no doubt, caused this monster to make his ap pearance so near tho river. Obcdimtlv yours, A StocK man. — Ht.il.ursl Times. Tuk Mail Snavtcr. — The following is fiom tho .lr gus : — A copy of the London Tim* n,f the lytli April, rcecivitl by the Lincolnshire, has been p'ace.l iu our hands. It is announced that — ' Despatches have been received at tho Colonial Oflico from the Governments of New South Wales ami Victoria, giving their final assent to tbo Australian mail steamers calling at Nepoan Bay, j on the South Australian coast, and instructions will go forward from tho Admiralty by the May mail to carry into effect this deviation of the presout postal route.' By this arrangement, and tho completion of the inter colonial telegraph, it i: expected that intelligence will bo received in London, via Malta, with concurrent dates [ from tho differont colonies of New Souili WaleB, Victoria South Australia, aud Tasmauin, in 35 days. Tho report of' the Royal Mail Steam Company has bcon issued, iho Tunes digests it thus : — ?' Tho report rcconimeiids the ordinary dividend of L2 per share. Tliero is a surplus of L21.710 on the insurance account boyond the sum ofL200,U00, but it is suggested to be appropriated to the repair and renewal account. Tho fulfil tho con ditions undor which au extension of two years was lately accorded on their Government contract, threo new iron ships of about 3000 tons cach have being ordered for the direct strvico to the West Indies, and a fourili of about 1000 tons is to ho built for tho River Plate. Tho acceler ation of tho Brazil route is to commence ou tho llltli of May , tho Avon, Tamar, and I'yne, being intended for tbo lino.^ Under the now arrangement the vessels will dis continue calling at Modeiru anil Tcnerill'o. The question of the amalgamation with tho European aud Australian Mail Company is left to the judgment of the proprietors The first, proposal was, that the capital of the Roval Mail Company should he reckoned as 1.1,000,000, and that or the Australian Company at 1 600,000, but owing to the losses of the latter it is considered 100,000 should ho tho Gum.' — Sad Mistake. — Tho Augusta (Georgia) Constitution alist gives lliulloll jiving account of tho eirigin of a turn up lioso. ' Major lleale, tbe chivalrous Vernioutt-r, has just returned fiein his Kuropcan tour, hut his fellow townsmen are astonished and horrified at his altered np p aranc.'. When in Paris he challenged n French cu louel, and the weapons being swords, at tlio first stroke tlio major's nose Was severed close to his face. 1 lustily picking it up and replacing tho organ, he tied his hand kerchief over it. After leaving on tile bandago eleven days, he removed it, when to his consternation ho found thut he had placed it wrong side up, and iL was now healed. Although it looks very ugly, ho fiends it very convenient for taking snuff.' Ballo-xs Invi:xti:i- nv Ciuxolixe. — Tho Trench give -i curious anecdote of a simple occurrence which led the inventor of such machines, Montgoliier, to turn his atten tion to tho subject. It is to this effect A washerwoman of tho Rue aux Juils, ill the Marais, placed a ]---itico:it on a baskeL work frame over a stovo to dry. In order to oon contrate all tlio heat, and to prevent its escaping bv tho apertiirout the top, she drew the strings closely together which aro u-iod to tie it round tho waist, liv degrees tho stuff dried, became lighter, and tho stovo continuing to rarify tho heated air concentrated under tho frameivo'k the petticoat began to moie, and at last rose iu tho air. The washerwoman was so much astonished that she ran out to cull her neighbours, to witness a miracle, ami they, seeing it suspended in tho nir, wore amazed and sLupified. Ouo individual, however, a siuiplo paper maker from Annunav, named Montgolfier, as much astonished but more sensible than the others, who considered it the work of tlio demon, returned home nnd without loss uf time studied tho work of Priestly on different kinds of atmospheres. The result was tho discovery of the first balloons called Mont golfiora, of which ho was tho inventor. As the nautilus probably gave tho idea of a sailing vessel, so also do very simple causes often produco great und unexpected results. Gukat Trotti.vo Match nm £100 at Lakauk — Mr Donald's Slaggio ngainst anything ill liritain. — This match which has been pending since last autumn, and which has created a great doal of interest in the west of Scotland and iu England, came off on Mar..h IB. The English horse was tho favourite (although tho nnino had not transpired) at 5 to 2, nnd lator in tho evening 3 to 1 might have been lnid. The odds, how ovcr, altered on March 15, and nothing could lio had previous to going to tho courso but evens, ami each horse hail a host of supportrrs. The' following is a des cription of the race :— First mile, 3 minutes and seconds ; second, 3 min. '22 sec. ; third, 3 minute. 21 secuiuls : fourth, 3 minutes 05 seconds ; and fifth, 4 minutes. Little description of the raco is requisite. Jucko. which turned out to bo the representative of Great Bri'ain, went away with a commanding lead to the bottom turn, where he broke, and, pulling up, allow ed Maggie to pass hiin, aud novcr wiis headed afterwards. J.icko was pulled up at the' fourth mile', and reported to havo broken down in the off fore-let;.— Ulas'ou- llcrald. ° A il.vr.t. iinost Scene. — Mexicans, in general are abstemious ; but on particular occasions they will look n little longer into the glass than is compatible with gravity of demeanor afterwards, which it is the more : difficult for them to preserve, 'as they are unaccustomed I to resist the influences of drink.' Such was tho case here. Amongst the gallants most conspicuous in eleg | anco of maimer was one of the officers of.the Zacatcccas band of heroes, in blazing uniform'. Ho was tlio admired of many a fair one, to whoui bis noble bearing contradict ed clearly the calumnies of doubt as to tile courage of l.im and his comrades. He scorned anxious to confirm their favorable opinion by! somo. act in accordance' with'- : it. He survej-ed tlio ball-room from one end to another, applied occasionally some stimulants to his 'budding valor, and seemed at last to have selected his man. Ho sidled up to my friend, who, nt sonic distance from incj was engaged in conversation with some acquaintance The reason that probably caiisoil this choice of a. victim : was twnfold ; my fricuel was a small man, besides being a foreignor, and seemingly alone, amongst a crowd never very enthusiastic iu favor of any European. To make the story shurt, he cast derogatory reflections on foreign ers iu general, nnd on the one before hiin in particular. Tho scene became interesting and hopeful. I came up in timo to hear him assert, with loud emphasis, that by his hands' had died many Englishmen, Germans, French; Americans, and other's. In a moment my friend sidlcel close up to him, whispered something in his ear, and gave him a peep at th^ handle of n pistol, in an inner breast pocket of his coat. The tailsman acted with wondrous siieldonuess. A slight paleness replaced for a moment bis flushed color; but immediately ho was himself 'again, lis cast a look of unntterablo fierceness on the smiling pair of us, and— retreato:!. At that moment a suddeu cry in the street, a scuffle, and then a luniult, noar the door, were heard. For a moment every boely seemed paralysed ; the next, some rushed through the doorway, some through the windows, to see what was going on in the street. A tniritite after the bleeding body of a young man was carried in, under the wail of women, and laid on a sofa. The cause anel incidents of this catastrophe were the following : —This young man had excited tho jealousy of auother, by dancing too often with his sweet heart. Tlie incensed lover engages two of his friends in his interest, and tho three go into tho street. The un consious rival is called out lo the street, undor some pretext or another. As he passes tho doorway, ho re ceives a thrust from the blade of a sword-cane,' a pistol is sunpped at him, aud a stone dashcil in his teeth bears him to the ground, lie hnj time to recognise on« of 'his assailants — the one who gave the thrust, tho instiga W of the plot ; and ho saw all the three run down tho Btroet, and disappear in elarkuess. Suffice it to say that the victim survived ; his threo assailants were sentenced to severo pnnishment, but whether it was ever executed, with nil tho rigor of the law, I know not, and much doubt ; for, in Mexico, a sentence and the exocutiun of It have not t.he same certainty of connection aB cause and elloet.— Personal Adventure in Mtxico. Loss or Three Suits in Tobrbs Straits —In telligence has been received, por Captain Punch of tho brig Shamrock, of tho loss of three ships in Torres Straits. Tho first is that of the Wanata, the property of tbo East India Company, which left this port with 181 horsua for Bombay. The only information respecting tile soconil vessel is, that shu was a largo American ship, anil that her crew, us well as that of the :.hip with horses, were picked up in Turtus Straits by Captain Caret*, wbilu on bis voyage from New Zonland lo Iiong Kong. The Magdawas from (ieelong to Java; on the 1st June, she struck on a reef off Capo Van Dicincii, unit it became necessary to abandon thn ship, which was done in two boats, tbe captain, second mate, seven of tho crew, and two passengers going in one, tho mate, nine of tho ship's company, and ono passenger in the other boat. Oil tho 7th of Juno the mate's boat was lost bight of hy tho captain; on the ]0th tbe captain tried to land at a place called Alligator's River, but was pre vented by the number of monsters, from which this river is tlameil, collected on its banks; in fact, the alligators were so numerous that effecting a landing was utterly impossible. Ou 11th June, the hands in tliu Caput's boat i;Ot ou shore and searched for water ; I hey were attacked by blacks, who drove them back to the boat throwing spears at thorn, one of which struck tho boatswain and caused his death. Subsequently to this, tbo entire boat's crew wero taken sick excepting the captain, second mate, and one man. Afterwards, the boat vvns driven from tho land, but twice endeavoured to get on shore for tho pur pose of procuring water ; on each occasion this was rendered ineffectual ; first, by the heavy sutf, anil again hy the gathering of a quantity of blacks on the coast. Tho men had llion been three days without water, and it was considered advisable again to steer, seaward, under the hope of. falling in with some vessels. In making tiie land again ou the liith, tbe boat strauded on Ash nmre's Bank at S-.'IO' p.m..; all the clothes the crew had saved, anil everything else that could with prudence he parted with, were thrown overboard to lighten tho boat, which was hauled three miles along tho recks ; they succeeded in launching hcragaiu, and on June IStli in latitude 1 1 -15 S.uith, and lotigtitudo 12I-23 Kitst, tlu-y !i-ll in with tlie hiig Shamrock. Captain Punch imme diately took theui on board, and but for this Providen tial Succour nil would 'have perished, as they could not f jc iweiity-l'iur hours longer havo endured meh trying hardships und privations. No tidings have keen ob tained respecting the mate's boat sinco she parted com pany with those who haYo been saved, — Empire. An American Hotel. — Who ovor hoard toll of Short's Hotel ! A perfect little paradise, looking out on tho Bay of Mobile, and containing a four-post bedstead, elestiiuto of paint, or whitewash, or wash-basin is Short's hotel ; and vot it is tho dearest, sweetest little abodo of boiioy-sncklcd comfort that ovor hung from tho boughs of a live ouk Short's hotol is about tho sizo of our discarded washhouso. Short's hotel floats on a velvet-lawned magnolia- studded, cloaring on tho bluff bank. Short's hotol, to irivo the cli max to its beauties, is completely invisible. The limbs of a great gnarled li ve oak, all covered with a long groy moss, overhang it liko the roliquury of a patriarch ; audsavo when tho sea breezes thrust away tho venerable screen, you would think yourself looking at u thicket uf charoke roses.— life of Dr. Kane. Lola Months. — Tho Journal du Havre says : — ' Lola Monies has once again married — her llew husband being Prince Sulkow.ski, a P.»lishnobleinan of Austrian Silesia. The marriage took place in tbo United Status, wlioro the Prince has been in e xile for nearly ten yours, owing to his having taken pars in'tho revolutionary disturbances of 181S-!). ' The priuco is now about to make his peace with tin Au-trian Government, and to return to Silesia, where, it Gays, lie possesses vast domains, nlxd where ho proposes to conduct his bride. St NfiULAtt Death. — A Swiss woman, who occupied a wretched garret in tho Hue Richer, disappeared about fivo weeks ago; and as slio hail been condemned for robbery, and was very poor, tho landlord was very glnd to got rid of her, though she hail not paid hiin tho rent due. llor door was fastened, aud lie, to prevent her returning unpercijved, placed a padlock on it. Nothing having been seen or heard ot her, yesterday he caused the commissary of police of tho district to open tho door. Tho woman was then found seated in a chair quite dead —and, singular to relate, though she must havo ceased to live ever sinco her disappcnrnnco, there was not tho slightest corruption in her frumo, but on the contrary, slio was very dry and stiff as a mummy, and her skin was like tho p.'irclinieut of a drum. A pan, con taining some charcoal, and in it a tin-pot filled with water, was on the floor; it is therefore not noubted that she was accidentally suffocated as the was heating the water ; and at to the preservation of her body, it was owing to the gar ret being densely filled with gas of tho charco.il. — Galig nani. AVm. Whiting, Esq., who resides near Boston, has found a soutco of nruust.nieut in his spare hours congenial to liis tastes, ingeniously fortifying his ho.iso by means of niagnot elcctrical contrivances, that nodoor or window in his house can bo opened at night without causing a hell in his bed room to strike, while at the same time a dial-index indicates tho particular door or window which is opened. Tho lodge or houso of his gardener is few rods distant on his grounds and by touching a knob at tho head of his bed Mr. Whiting can ring a bell in the gardiners bed-room, and thus summon him at any hour in iho night when his assistance inav bo needed. Tlie mechanism is so arranged that by no possibi lity can a burglar pre-arrnngo matters so as lo interfere with tho working of the system at any of tho windows or doors. Pulpornickel says that a woman's heart is tho ' most sweetest' thing iu the world; in fact a porfect honey comb — full of sells. Beware. '? I am a (jreat gun,' said a tipsy ty|iO, who had been on tho spre'e for a week. ' Yes,' said the foreman, you aro a great gun aud half cocked, and you can consider yourself discharged.' 