LOCAL NEWS. THE BOAR'S HEAD.-Germany is famous for its wild boars, and the head of a boar slain in tho chase and served up with proper trimmings, is considered a pretty dish to tot before a Herman liing, lt is well that the German character is fairly established in this colony, and that tho many emigrants from the countries of the Teutonic race, have proved themselves quiet, industrious, valuable colonists ; ¡br if their obstinate old compatriot Mynheer Jenn Nicholas Beit was a fair sample of tho Germans, wo should bo inclined to regard them nsgreator nnisances thnn the mongrel Chinese Tartars, who bavo immigrated hither. " Old Beit," as he is familiarly called, has again been showing his tusks in tho Sydney Chamber of Commerce, amongst our Merchant Princes, and-moro oui»-nui- appem- » utan" among them 'all suffi- ciently plucky to spear him, although they unanimously pronounce bim a bore. A very few weeks ago " Old Beit" showed his tasks so unmistakcably at tho chairman, Mr Willis, that that amiable gentloman vacated bis office in alarm. Then some of the least timorous amongst tho members of the Chamber of Commerce talked about ex polling the " old one." They might as well have talked of excommunicating him. He set up his bristlos, put his back in a corner, chowed hi« tusks, and deBed them all. So there he is still, as large BB life nnd as noisy as over ; his tongue and jaws having been built upon the principle of perpetual-motion. -'We; think we can give our friend» a hint how tlioy may moro effectually rid themselves of this testy, rusty old bore by quiet means, since violent ones are evidently of no avail. Let tho members of tho Chamber of Commerce send bim to Coventry, nnd wo will stake a new hat that ho does'nt stand that. TUE "LIBÉRAI." MINISTRY AND THE UNEM PtOTKD.-It appears ; somewhat extraordinary that a Ministry like tho present one, professing to be thoroughly imbued with liberal principles, to be such out and ont friends of the people, delay commencing to expend tho large sums of niouey voted for public works. If tbesa Ministet s are truly liberal s if they are good stewards of tho public purse, they would act both beneficially and judiciously in immediately commencing those public works for which monoy has long since been granted, now that there are groat numbers of mon unemployed , for they may never be able, at a future time to get labour of such good quality, in such abundance, and an «heap, as that which is now going about the streets begging vainly for employment, lt is a proof how many people are dis- tressed for want of work when we aro enabled sorrowfully to assort that there are as many ns 100 stonemasons out of employ in Sydney and the suburbs. Or aro tho pro- fessions of liberality, and tito claims to ability, Bet.forth hy the present Ministry, mere bubbles, chimeras, empty sounds to Fcrvo their own selfish ends and intorcsts? -On both thc scores of liberality and economy one wonld imagino them cager te commence these works, when able i nnd industrious men crave employment, and as much I work oan be obtains') now for ¿100, which a year or two i ago would haye cost Xl OOO. CASÉ OP MISTAKEN IDENTITY.-A man nnnied Nicholas JVIurpliy bas been subjected to groat incon veuiimco, expense nnd loss of time, iii coiig¿qitan«o af being mistaken for an individual >,f predatory habits, and 1 against whom a warrant has lung been out. f»r having in coucert with three or four other parties, committed a burglary on thu Victoria side, in August, IdSG. Poor. Murphy was.apprehended sometime sinco in tho Uuthur.-t. district, for being uno of tho burglars aforesaid, but, some gentlemen al Bathurst and Campbelltown, fueling assinrd that his captors were mistaken, went bili! for him, and ho cama to tho central police court Inst Monday morning, nrtil in accordance willi, tho requirements of his hail. sur. rendered to Inspector Magee. Mo was subsequently pluced in the doch before Messrs Luann and Heilen, when Mr Husband, solicitor, cutoi-ed tho court nnd sintcd that a gentleman named (luthrie, who had buen ono of Murphy's bailsmen, was now in court, and, he (Mr Husband) had a lotter just received from I). Boll. Esq., J.P., of Camp- belltown, offering to Recome one nf Murphy's securities in conjunction with Mr Guthrie. Mr Husband said'that his son-in-law was mperintomlnnt of tho Buukinbarit stinioir at Wellington, and wai uxpectod immediately in town, to prove that Murphy was employed on his station at, be- fore, and subsequent lo the date of tho alleged robbery, so that it would hu a need less and injurious act to'forward tho man to Viutorin. Undor theso circumstances tho magistrates agreed to remand the case for thruc days, and in the interim tn communicate with the authorities nt Beechworth by means of tho telegraph wires. Tho man was then re-admitted to bail, Air-. Husband nnd Mr Guthrie becoming his sureties. It was also added by Mr Husband that there ia evoi-y reason to belluve thai the police are upon tho right trail, of the Tight wring doer, and that consequently the right man will very shortly .bo in the right place. j '. ' JOHN CLARK'S BUEAKINO-UP HOP. '.- Our nimble-toed friend, prior to sending his jnvenle pupils home far tbe Xmas holidays, gave a grand display ot his bull- room in Elizabeth-street, on TueBday.afternoon. Thu youngsters of both sexes, polkaed, quadrilled-, and waltzed, in the presence of ; their delighted nm ind mas;, and a distinguished circle of visitors ; white tho clever and agile master of the ceremonies capered »lout, and cut and shu (Heil in thc centre. Tho sides of tho ball- rooms woro tastefully decorated ,witb Union Jnehs, nnd, fur want of othor Unga, Bandanna handkerchiefs, grace- fully intermingled with branches of the Australian gum tree in lieu of the genuine Christmas I randies and berries. Tho affair passed off with immense icl.it, John working away at the pumps with all the energy of an '* old snit." THE ANNOYANCES OF CELEBRITY.-Amongst the numerous annoyances'to which {emus is llnhlo from public recognition, and consequent intrusive demonstra- tion, when straying abroad aa it innocently snpposcs inevg., the practico of vociferation "and pointing ut" in- dulged in by the ignorant herd.carnot bc sufficiently re- prehended. No Inter than last Sniday evening while a gentleman was enjoying bis evvniig promenade on thc Lover's Walk, attired in tho disguia of » Scutch bonnet Hnd a cigar, be was suddenly startle! hy the exclamation of "That's him I That'd Isaac, he Paganini nf tho Prince of Wales !" The eminent nusician attempted to walk on unconcernedly, but the pullic ovation becamo ut length so overwhelming, that he had to mako a pre- cipitate bolt of it, and sought refigo in the Exhibition Hotel. NOT -ASHAMED OF THE SHOP.-It is very pleasant to soe Mr Shoobcrc, J.Ï., take a seat on tho Bench Ile displays a' shrewd totness for tho business not every «lay to be met with amingst our J.F.'s, and a mirthful wit, and brilliant eye, wlicli sparkle like his boat screened No. 1 black diamonds.. dr âhoohcrt never for gots tho shop, no not oven on. th) Bench ; and if wo did not know him to bo an excellent ¡tier/arnVtos, we should incline to thu belief that his coali'oro next to his heart. Other magistrales blush when thar previous pursuits are thrown up to them. We havo son n retired butcher on : thc beuch turn crimson when caled upon to adjudícalo in n case of " stake»," fancying t an allusion to his past connection with steaks. We kiow an ox-licensed vic* tuallcr turn pallid with anger bjcauso when he addressed a willy culprit as " prisoner at thc bar," and alluded to his frequent, visits, thc prig replèd-" Ah I yer Vusshup, you mid 1, yer Viisshup's both lien used to appear at thc bar." Not BO with Mr -Shoobet, J.P. ; he's not ashamed of the shop; and if at any tittnj we, in the performance of our editorial duties, should vcr be so unfortunate aa to bo "pulled over the coala," we'jhould think it a monster stroko of policy to. obtain alargo degree of leniency from Mr Shoobert hy a well-ticed allusion to his excel- lent A 1 black diamonds. .', MR GHOST ! OR, WHATS IN A NAME?-In one of the patent tin verandah cotoges in Castlereagh streut, in close proximity to our sanctuary, an individual has just opened business, under the uovol and astounding name of " T. GhoBt, watchmaker, <tc, &c.;" Wo have not yet encountered Mr (ihos,!but wo did seo several of tho (^hostesses fluting aboa the doors last Wednesday -morning, and more substantial or moro* attractive ones we never did seo eyes on. T-iysay " what's in à name?" ? Tom Ghost docs not appear;* apprehend that bia name will terrify people from his door, trusting doubtless, and reasonably, to thc superior atractiveness of the Ghostesses of tho establishment. Wo ljvo a penchant for heraldry, and should much delight it tracing the pedigree, or rather the genealogical treciif Mr Tom Ghost, watch- maker, &c.; Query - Did thi' first ghost come in with thc conqueror? ,| BIRTHDAY OF ROBEIT BURNS.-January 25, 1869, will be tho centenar;[birthday of Robert Burns. What wonder then that thc ¡nen of Glasgow should pro- posa to celebrate it in a nUhjj manner by a national fes- tival ? Such a festival thecjis to be on the 2Stb of Janu- ary next. Lord Eglinton las accepted the post of pre- sident, but he thinks it "Almost impossible" that he should bo able to attend, in default of the peor, Mr It. Dalglish, M.P., takes the ¿jmir. A Glasgow papor un- derstands that it is also ¡.tended " to celebrate the cen- tenary of Burns nt his birhblnce, on the banks of Doon, in a manner and on a sc.lo befitting tho occasion. Sir James Fergusson will occiny the-chair ; whilo Professor Aytoun has promised to i«t as croupier. It is expected that Charles Dickens animóme of the principal literary mon of the day will bf present to do honor to tho memory of Scotland's grót peasant poet.-Borne Ncivs, Oat. 16- ;'/?' FIGHT BETWEB A OAT AND A SNAKE.-One day Inst week, a darkie,welling at Major Lee's, Vau- cluse Bay, astonished thopmotes by rushing in with the exclamation-'. Wat yoi [Jinkee ? snake eatco kittens, and kilee ole cat 1" Il iumod out that poor Tabby bsd a litter of young kittens ii: a1 pince adjoining the house,and returning to her young foes, was just in time tosco tho tail of the Inst gliding; dorn tbo throttle of an enormous snake. Fuss attacked'.wo destroyer of "all bur pretty ones at ono fell swoop," aid as her ruthless adversary was somewhat corpulent and etbargic in consequence of hav- ing taken in five hitters at a meal, she was enabled to grapple it by the occkjand after many twisting* and turnings, writhings, and untortions, despatched it. Ano- ther snake was passing by, and was knocked on the hoad by one of the Major's min. The snake killed by passey, was ono of the brown carpet species, and mousured 6 feet 5} inches. / THE FITZ RoijL-"There's a good time coming, boys " Kverypody lias not cried ptccavi who has vontured to tho Fitr hoy, os will be seen by the import list of th« ^.iffíe_(s.)¿\m.ich.arrived Irora Port Curtis yes- terday morning." Snejoroughf "tip M4 ozs of gold oon \ signed to tho Joint'Stock Baak ; G7 ozs to Mr W. F. Lloyd ; 22 ois to Mr|IYliinsfield, and 0 ozi to Messrs, Keele and Campbell ; looking a total of 239 ozs. On/ board the Eag'e wert 9 cabin and SO steerage passent gers, several of whoaj have gold. The schooner Unclt Tom arrived during the night of Wednesday, with 30 passengers, many of whom are said to possess gold. Pef scveranlia amain vfneffl''- ¡ .-J THE RECENT IMAYORAL EJECTION.-}Ve have been given to understand that the opinion of emijiont legal Counsel has b«cn obtained respecting the recent election of Alderman Smith to the Mayi.rality, to &fi; ef- fect that tho said election is null and void, by reason of the adjournment of {the.Council liefern the election of Mayor, on tho day cf olection; such adjournment being considered contrary to tho Act of Council. Wo trist that no such legal quiljbliT will be allowed to interpnse, but that if tho election mW be put to tho decision of/the big wigs, the necessity of electing tho Right Worshipful by thu cnt'ro body of the citizens, in lieu of hy a du/en and a half of A Mermen.1 will be fully admitted, and/in future elections acted upoiL ? ?. , / THE STUD BÍOK OF NEW SOUTH WALES. This exceedingly ulel'ul compilation, edited 'Jy Mr P. B. Price,1 will bo isaneil early ia the new year. Ownors and breeders would confer much ! assistance on/the compiler hy at onco forwarding particulars of their respective studs, so as not only to obviate unnecessary delny in its public- ation, but to rentier tho work as complote as possible, as a valuable roference. and turf record. Mr Price desires to express tlironnh' our columns bis ncknowletlgmcats for the information already furnished byhia friends, and respectfully: ioritts communications at their earliest con- venience from those gentlemen whoso favors have not yot come to hand,1 ' UATIIBR AIÍDIOOOUB.-In a eritiqno on " 1 ho School for Scandal," whjch appears in tho Sptctntor of tho 27th ultimo, from the ^gifted pen bf the bewitching editress, Mrs Corn Anna Weekes, we find the following somowhat equivocal compliment : -" Mrs Poole's lindy '/'catie was admirable, anil fully warranted the willingness of her old husband to look.over all her follies." 