DEWS OF THE DA Y. The races of yesterday were not so numer ously attended as on the previous day, but there was a large attendance of ladie3. The Maiden Stakes were won by Swallow, the Queen's Plate by Black-Eyed Susan, and the Hurdle Race by Long Bog. Poor Highflyer died in. the dis charge of his duties, and there were sundry " spills," but fortunately no broken bones. We have been requested to correct several in accuracies in our report of the Police Office case, Ryley v. Pearce, which appeared in our previous issue. Mr Ryley did not state that the occur rence took place between 11 and 12 at nigbt, but between 10 and 11 o'clock ; r.or did he say that he went with Mr Chappel to the York. In reference to the advertisement, Pearcd v. Ryley, which appeared in this journal, Mr Ryley did not swear that he did not cause the advertise ment to be inserted, but when the question was asked, Mr Ryley, acting upon the advice of his legal adviser, declined to answer it. We regret that these inaccuracies should have occurred. We are happy to say that the favourable com mencement of the Bazaar in aid of the funds of the Catholic Cathedral was followed up to a most satisfactory conclusion on Wednesday cvenircr, the. sum realized being £606 2s. 6d. The raffle for an allotment of land, gratuitously presented, created much interest, and brought £45. There were no goods for salo on commission in any of the stalls. There was a good attendance of bidders at the Government Land Sale yesterday and the biddings were spirited. Thirty-two lots sold, the average price being £1 6s. lid. per acre, producing a gross amount of £4,013 10s. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr Charles Banbury has been engaged bv the Waterworks Commissioners to make a detailed classification of the houses and other buildings in the city, and also to collect such other statistical information as will enable the Commissioners to arrive at a just and reasonable mode of assessing property under theWaterworks Act and for the purpose of levying an equitable rate hereafter. The Commissioners request the public to afford Mr Banbury every facility in collecting the requisite information. The anniversary of the Sunday school at .lough:.;::. when the rnpiis were 'examined by ine Rev. JA—es K:w;e. and afterwards pro ceeded mannidten: gardens of Mr. W ate?he use. i: H'gh-srecmhe. where they were perm'.ttc-c to •• n.:.c * and ohrse what frail; '•".ey rlvAje-d. In the evening tLtre was a tea-party at Houghton, a; which about eighty persons wore present, and at the public meeting subsequently held a collection was made and tie i sum of £9 10s. realised. There are at pre sent seventy scholars and ten teachers connected with this school. During the first six months of the past year the average attendance of scholars was forty-seven, and during the half .'year forty five. Burton's Circus was again thronged last night, and hundreds who wore desirous of admission were, to use a professional phrase, " crowded out." By an admirable arrangement, novelties are produced each succeeding night, and the attractions increase as the period approaches at which the company intend to say "good bye" for a season. The afternoon and evening per formance on Saturday next will be the last prior to the company's trip to the north. The grace ful performances of Madame Yeamans were greatly admired last evening, and the inimitable acting of the Edouin Family in the laughable farce " Hob in'the Well " kept the audience in a roar. The New Zealand Examiner says:—"We are glad to welcome by the General Wool a con siderable number of immigrants from Melbourne, vrho have come to try their luck at our diggings. Arrived at a seasonable period of the year, we have little doubt of their success, for as far as wc can judge from appearances, a more promising body of men could not be found. We heartily wish them good luck." So do we, but we fear from accounts recently received there is but a poor chance of our wishes being realized. On Tuesday evening last the congregation be longing to Clayton Chapel, celebrated its anni versary by a tea meeting held in the Literary Institute Building, Kensington. Subsequently the meeting was addressed by several reverend gentlemen, and the audience were not a little gratified by the announcement that the Ilev Mr Binney, at present in Melbourne, wag expected shortly to vi-sit the colony. Some splendid samples ofraisin3, manufactured from grapes grown by Mr Goss, of Payneham, were yesterday shown us. Raisins are scarce in the market and fetching a high price, conse quently if the owners of vineyards will only de vote themselves to the manufacture of raisins, there is a good chance for them to "make a plum." On the 11th ultimo, an agricultural meeting was held at. Myponga, at which about forty farmers exhibited stock and produce, and the exhibition was highly creditable. Some excel lent dranght stock were exhibited by Messrs Ilewett and Greenshields, and there were also somo excellent horned cattle. Mr Seales obtained a prize for a Durham heifer, Mr Hewitt for wheat, Mr Maslin for barley, Mr Lamond for cabbages and water melons, Mr Davis for onions, Mr Tilly for gjapes and damsons, Mr Herbert for sweet melons, and Mr Pean for pumpkins. Some ex cellent samples of flax were also shown. In the afternoon the company partook of an excellent repast, the usual toasts were drunk, and the greatest harmony prevailed. Extract from a letter under date 25tli De cember, 1857, from a gentleman many years resident }in New South Wales, and now in Eng land, to a friend in Sydney, received by last mail:—"King Palmerston carries everything before him. It is a pity he is 73, but no one would guess he was so old if it was nut fo Burke's peerage. I am told he works from 6 o'clock till 1, and then goes out shooting ; and if messengers bring him any letters, answers them on the top of his hat, and goes on with his sport." Captain Watkins, of the Northampton Militia, was travelling from Northampton to Plymouth, by the North Devon Railway ; near Newton he leant out of the window of the carriage to speak with some friends in another compartment; his head came into contact with the masonry of a bridge, and he was struck dead. His wife and three children were at Bristol intending to follow him to Plymouth next day. The deceased gentle man has relatives in the Australian colonies. The Miner's Right gives the following descrip tion of prolific wheat. Of course, having seen the specimens our cotemporary has a right to believe what he states, but had we seen them we should have been rather disposed to question the evidence of our senses :—" We have seen some fine specimens of wheat from Esther's Paddock, at Pennyweight. No fewer than 66 heads are said to have been produced from a single grain, and each ear contains from 80 to 100 grains. A great portion of the soil where digging opera tions are carried on in this district is as fertile as it is auriferous, and at some future time, when the gold ha9 been extracted from the soil, waving corn-fields will cover the surface now busy with the hum of multitudes of miners." j A new steam plough has been invented by a young man, a native of Glasgow, named Austin, recently manager of a mill near Donaghadee. The machine sends out two ploughshares of the ordinary form on each side, moving forward as the furrows are turned up, and capable of wheeling round at the end of the field. It is calculated to 2>lough from three to six acres per day with a man and a boy, with from four to eight cwt. of coal, according to the power of the engine. The following affecting account of the last days in South Australia of an elephant which some years since'was exhibited in Melbourne appears in the Melbourne Examiner :—"I learnt the ulti mate fate of the elephant which used to be at Oremorne some three or four years ago. After visiting some of the gold-fields as a distinguished character, he was ultimately sold for a very ridicules] ridiculously small sum, and finally became the property of a farmer in South Australia. This agriculturist having an eye to the practical qualities of the animal, harnessed him to a plough, which degradation had such an effect upon the spirits of the poor brute that be gave up the ghost. Other accounts say that the agri culturist having put the elephant in place of a horse, fed him in proportion, and that really the whilom wonder of Cremorno Gardens died of starvation ; but this must be a slander, as I can not think any man save the one who tried to feed the horse upon one bean per diem, could have the heart to pine an elephant to death. How ever, the agriculturist may answer for himself, if | lie should ever read this." It is stated that the coolies on the island of Cuba have already murdered 29 mayorals (task masters or drivers). This fact does not seem to convey the idea that John Chinaman is the most patient unresisting creature he has been declared to be. Tho rent of the best wheat land in New York State (says Robert Russell, in bis work upon North America), is from six to eight bushels of wheat per acre, but rent is only paid for what is under this crop. The wheat soils that are planted with Indian corn usually let at one or two dollars an acre, but more frequently no rent at all is charged. In deed, Indian corn on the common soils of the north-western part of the State of New York is an expensive crop to raise, for it requires much bard labour ; but on the other hand, the land is cleaned and fallowed during its growth, -as our own fields at home are under turnips. On none of the wheat farms did I find it cultivated to any extent ; and on my asking the reason of this of a farmer one day at Batavia, he assured me that one man and a boy would mauage fifty acres of Indian corn a9 easily in Ohio as they would ten acres in this part of the country. He could not give me reasons for this assertion, and at first I thought it was much exaggerated, but after getting to Southern Ohio, I found that it was pretty near the truth. A circular has been issued from the Colonial Office to governors of colonies, impressing upon them the nee&sity; of not neglecting that reason able amount of warlike preparation during peace which it is desirable should be everywhere main tained, as otherwise the colonies will be a source of weakness, in so far as it is necessary for the land and sea forces of the mother country to defend them against aggression ; and a source of strength if. while they are able to repel any ordinary efforts of an enemy's squadron, they will afford shelter and support to our own forces. The circular also requires full particulars as to the state of fortifications, materiel, stores, militia, 