-DR; BRbWNSOJJ AND T1IE PRESBY '?' ''. TERTANS. ?'???- ???'*??' '!'''?;'' ?(From hrownson't Hcvicw.) '?:?'?'? ^Sf'nwnson's Exposition of himself. Tho Biblical ; ; . Repertory and Princeto.n Review. Philadelphia : Walker. Janunry, 1858. '. Our renders are awnro that the Editor of tins .Review published a book last November, entitled 'The Cnvvert, or Leaves from my Experience, in which lie gives an account of his religious and mental experience from early childhood to liis re coDtion into the Catholic Church, in October, 1844. ,,Tliis book is not an autobiography, for it gives scarcely any particulars of the- author's oxterior ' life; nor is improperly speaking, a polemical or controversial work. Tt Bimply nnrrntes the principal events of the author's intellectual careor, and gives, always in a narrative form, the reasons why lie joined this sect or school, and why he abandoned it; for another, and finally those which destroyed his confidence in the whole Frotestunt system, .or no-systom, and induced him to submit to t ho Church of Rome. It is not for us to pronounce ? any opinion upon ita merits, or the importance of its facts and opinion?, or on the value of its reasons ; but we may say, that the book is an honest book, and is written with kindly feelings . towards the author's former friendfl, as far ns we can -discover, without any wrath or bitterness on the part of its author. As the author gives with his accustomed free dom reasons for joining and renouncing different sects and schools, his work could not, of course, be very complimentary to those ho has renounced, and could hardly fail to offend somo grave preten sions, and wound eome dueply cherished prejudices. Oiir venerable contemporary, The. Princeton Re view, the able and learned organ of the Old School Presbyterians, appears to have been seriously ex ,ercised by the account the author gives of his Presbyterian experience, and its issue for .Innnnry last contains an elaborate review of The Convert, evidently designed to do all that an Old School 'Presbyterian organ can bo expected to do to neu .traliso its damaging effects on Presbyterianism. The Reviewer evidently regards the book as likely to do harm to his sect in particular, and feels him self called upon to guard the Presbyterian young !i.. .ministers and students against its Papistical influ ence. We have read this article with some ciri osty and with due attention It is clever, adroit, and probably is as good as the case admitted. It is not very courteous, very sweet tempered, or very fair, but wo suppose it harmonises with the man ners and taste of an Old School Presbyterian, who : has inherited the spirit of Calvin, Brza, and Knox, if not their learning, their theological science, and ? . philosophical and logical ability. 'It is difficult to reduce the Reviewer's article to .a sytematic form, or to bring its various loose and rambling statements to a logical test. The Re viewer writes with a singular contempt of the categories as well as tho rules for the composition .of a discourse, essay, or dissertation. It is difB oult to get what he says into a state in which it admit 8 of a formal reply. It -lacks unity, has no central or mother principle, and is for the most part made up of loose, disjointed, and contradictory sentences. But we must take what the gods give us, and do the best we can with their gifts. A great part of the article is apparently devoted . to tho very agreeable task of disparaging, as far as possible, the character, and invalidating tho testi mony of tho author of The Convert, and the rest is v' devoted to an attempt to refute tho charges he brings against Presbyterianism, and his reasoning in favour of Catholicity. Tho personal pnrt is the least important part, and will not detain us long. Neither tho author nor his friends have anything to fear for his personal character, or any call to enter upon its defence. He himself has said in The Convtrt all that is to be said in his dispnrige . mont, ,and all that needs to be said in his vindica tion. Yet we cannot pass over this part of the articlo in absolute silence, for there aro a great , .many in this world who ennnot understand tho ex pressiveness of silence. We let the Reviewer speak for himself : ' Mr. Brownson has long been noted for attempt ing bold and reckless feats as a writer upon litera ture, philosophy, politics, and theology. This audacity, combined with a considerable power of expressing himself in classic, nervous English, has given him a place among our American notabilities. On his own showing, he has, by turns, been the adherent, expositor, and defender of Universalism, Infidelity, Atheism, Materialism, the Communism of Robert Dale Owen and Fanny Wright, St. Simon and St. Hilaire, tho Eclecticism and Pantheism of Cousin, together with the social, political, and ecclesiastical theories which thence emerge. After this tortuous course, becoming ' every thing by turns, and nothing long,' he very rationally concluded that tho best use men can make of their intellects is to submit them to in- fallible and authoritative guidance. From his- torical and philosophical considerations, he reasoned himself into the belief that tho Roman Pontiff alone possesses those prerogatives of infallibility and authority, which are sufficient to keep him out of those vagaries into which and out of which his unaided reason had so long been worming its way, to find no end, In wandering mazes lost.' This is rather clever, though a little too flippant. But who is this St. Hilaire ? The author mentions no such founder of a system which he followed. Surely he confesses to having followed systems enough to render it unnecessary to invent new ones for him, and charging him with following a system he never heard of. He accepted and defended the Eclecticism of Cousin, but never his Pantheism, us all who are acquainted with his writings can bear ample testimony. That his course was ' tortuous' may or may not be true ; but if it was, tho fault must be charged to tho Protestantism in which he was born and bred. Protestantism does not fur nish a man true principles ; it gives him a false point of departure, and he must make many a turning and winding before he can East himself, and get his fuco set in the right direction. ' II* concluded that the best use mon can make of their intellects is to submit to infallible and authoritative guidance.' Not a bad conclusion we should say. Does the Reviewer think differently ? He pro fesses himself, as we shall see, to have infallible and authoritative guidance. Does he hold himself free to resist it ? ' He appears to have forgotten that the Sorip tures are the ultimate, the only infallible guide, sufficient to make ' tho man of God perfect, tho roughly furnished unto all good works.' Despair ing of any adequate light from these, he does not seem ever to. have ' smirched them, whether these things be so.' So far as we can see, although ho strenuously insists to the contrary, he had recourse to tho Roman Pontiff in a mere ' fit of intellectual despair.' His argument was simply this : I'lio consequence of trusting mere human reason is end less vacillation and scepticism. Tho consequence of relying on tho Bible, without the Pope, is the sects and divisions of Protestantism. Tho only alternative, therefore, for those who crave unity and stability, is implicit submission to tho Pope. Extremes meet. The rankest Rationalism and In- fidelity are on tho margin of abject submission to tho most stolid and domineering hierarchs — just as, in tho civil state, tho anarchy of mobs is tho imme diate precursor of absolute despotism. He judged well, that in matters divine we need a divine guide. Ho showed his wonted facility of educing great conclusions from slender promises, when he judged tho Pope of Rome to be such a guide, rather than tho sure word and very oracles of God himself.' We cannot understand how Dr. Brownson could forget, what he never knew, that ' Scriptures are tho ultimate, the only infallible guide.' He shows very clearly in his book that of themselves alone they are not such a guide, and tho Reviewer him self does not hold them to be. They are even for tho Reviewer such a guide (n. 139} only when in terpreted to him by 'tho Spirit of God.' All Protestantism that pretends to rise above bald Rationalism, or dry formalism, resorts to Enthu- siasm or Illuminism,and seeks its guide, not in tho Scriptural alone, but in thu alleged interior light and operations of tho Holy Ghost. Tho reasoning tho Reviewer ascribes in this extract to tho author may be very conclusive, but it is not tho process by which he came to tho Church. Tho author says and shows that he did not come to the Church by an act of intellectual despair, and tho abnegna tion of reason. He became a Presbyterian in that way — tho only nay, wo apprehend, in which any man ever deliberately becomes a Presbyterian ; but he came to tho Catholic Church in and by the exercise of his reason, aided by tho grace of God. Tho Reviewer forgets that he has just said, in the preceding paragraph; that 'from historical and philosophical considerations he (the author) rea soned himself into the belief that tho Roman Pon tiff alone possesses the prerogative of infallibility and authority.' 'The rankest rationalism and infidelity are on tho margin of abject submission to the most stolid and domineering hierarchs.' There is truth in that, as the author himself proved by his abject submission, in early life, to the Presbyterian Church. 'He judged well, that in matters divine we need a divine guide.' And not finding that divine guide in Presbyterianism, he renounced it, and ceased henceforth to respect it. ' He showed his wonted facility of educing great conclusions from slender premises, when ho judged tho Pope of Rome to be such a guide, rather than the sure word and the very oracles of God.' Nay, he showed this facility far more strikingly, when from tho professions of Presbyterians he concluded the Presbyterian Church to be the Church of God. We must add, with the Reviewer's leave, that the author did not judge ' the Pope of Rome to be such a guide, rather than tho sure word and the very oracles of God.' It was precisely because he judged that tho Pope or the Church gives ' tho sure word and the very oracles of God,' that he became a Catholic, and submitted to the authority and teaching of the Pope, as tho visible head of the Church and Vicar of Jesus Christ. ' It requires no slight courage in one man to set . himself up as the expounder and champion of tho multitudinous and contradictory systems which our author has successively espoused and repudiated.* But it requires still greater courage to attempt, as he has done in this volume, to vindicate his moral integrity and intellectual consistency in such a course. It was somewhat of an exploit to appear as the advocate of nearly every type of opinion, except evangelical truth— to career through the whole compas of fatuous error, from the credulity of Atheism to the credulity of Superstition. But it is a still more prodigious exploit for such a man to undertake to expound and justify himself.' — P. 118. With a single reserve we agree in this with the Reviewer, and so, we presume, does tho author of The Convert. As we understand the matter, one reason which induced him to write his book was to show, as a warning to others, the rashness and audacity of which he had been guilty. But it is a gross mistake to suppose that the author wrote to vindicute himself, or to justify his aberations, ex cept in relation to Protestants. Before Catholicity, before the Church, before God, he can only smite his breast and exclaim, Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa ! but before Protestantism, which gives us only false principles, a false starting- point, and no guidance but our own feeble understanding, or an illusory illuminism, in studying either the book of nature or the book of revelation, he has no confession to make. On Protestant principles, or in view of the position in which Protestantism places one born and bred in its bosom, he main tains that his course, tortuous as it may Iibto been, ie perfectly justifiable. Catholics may censure him, but not Protestants ; for only on tho suppo sition of the truth of Catholicity did he do wrong, or fall into any serious error. No doubt, he sinned against common sense, but so sins Protestantism itself, especially Old School Presbyterianism. The pot must not call tho tea-kettle black. No man is allowed to stand on his own wrong. Dr. Brown son lias as much right to dissent from the Presby terian Church as Luther had to dissent from the Catholio Church, and as good a right to concoct a doctrine, or erect a Church for himself, as the Re formers had for themselves. Once erect rebellion into a principle, and all rebellion is justifiable. Rebels must cease to be rebels, before they have the right to arraign any one for his want of loyally or obedience. After all, the attempt of the Reviewer to dispar age tho intellectual or moral character of the au thor, on the ground that', after leaving Presbyte riaiiism, and before becoming a Catholic, he em braced various forms of error, and was associated with various socialistic, communistic,or other un christian movements, can serve tho purpose of our Reviewer only momentarily. In his view, Old School Presbyterianism is tho best and only true form of Protestantism, and ho cannot count it a matter of much consequence, what form of Pro tostautism a man embraces after renouncing that. The only alternatives he leaves are, to be a Presby terian, a Liberal Christian, or a Catholic ; for he cannot expect a man who has known Presby terianism, especially Old School Presbyterianism, to take up afterwards with Oxford or Mercersburg, Andover, or New Haven, with Methodism, or with the Baptist sect. When, then, our author re nounced Presbyterianism, nothing remained for him but to be a Liberal Christian of some sort, thnt is an unbeliever, or to become a Catholic. Why blame him, then, for taking the only alter natives left him ? Does tho Reviewer think it strange that a man who could not be a Presbyterian should become an unbeliever, or that, becoming an unbeliever, he should run into all the errors and absurdities confessed by the author of The Convert ? Does the Reviewer think that, having become a liberal Christian, or an unbeliever, the author did wrong in not remaining one? Of course, not; ho even applauds his renunciation of all the systems and doctrines ho held between his rejection of Presbyterianism and his conversion to Catholicity. Only two things, then, aro really open to tho ani madversion of tho Reviewer, namely, the solidity and sufficiency of the reasons the author assigns on the one hand for rejecting Presbyterianism, and on tho other, for embracing Catholicity. These reasons, whether good or bad, are independent of tho personal merit or demerit, tho errors or changes of the author of The Convert, and speak for them selves. The Reviewer can do or say nothing to his purpose, except what tends to refute them. To prove that the author often acted hastily, rashly, is nothing to the purpose, for he deplores that ho did so, especially when he joined the Presbyterian Church The fact that he did do so, does not weaken the reasons he assigns either for renouncing Presbyterianism, or for accepting Catholicity. He does not assign tho fact of his conversion as a reason why others should be con verted ; ho relies on the 'reasons which availed to convince him, and which are intrinsically as strong in the caso of others as in his. It is, then, mere trifling, or at best an attempt to draw off the attontion of the public from the roal question at issue, to dwell on tho author's personul character, or to parade against him tho errors and absurdities which ho confesses, but which even tho Reviewer concedes ho renounced on becoming a Catholic, and no Iongor holds. The only pertinent question is i Do the reasons the -author assigns justify him in renouncing Prosbyterianism and embracing tho Catholic religion ? '1'ltis is the proper and only question for tho Reviewer. The Reviewer is half aware of this, and makes a feeble attempt to prove tho insufficiency of those reasons. He first tries to throw doubts on tho account tho author gives of his Presbyterian experience. He does not, indeed, venture to deny positively any statement made in The Convert, but insiuuutes that what he says can be true only on the suppo sition thut the author fell in with fanatics, New School men, or Congregationalists, whom he mis took for genuine Presbyterians. But there is no evidence that the Presbyterians with whom ho mot in Ballston, New York, were more fanatical than Presbyterians usually are; the division of the Old and New School Presbyterians had not thon taken placo; and the author, brought up in New Eng land, was not likely to confound Prosbytorians with Congregationalists. Tho pastor of the Church ho joined studied his theology at Princeton, we be lieve, tho Reviewer's own seminary, and belongcd to a presbytery in full communion with the Pres byterian General Assembly of the United States, to which, if our memory serves us aright, he was a delogato in 1821. It will not do, then, to say that thu Presbyterians The Convert describes were not genuine Presbyterians. After citing at length the author's account oi hia reception into thu Presbyterian Church, tho Reviewer adds: '' There aro things of a different sort in this ac count of his Presbyteriun experience, whioh fur nish internal ovidonco that ho was drawing more upon his imagination than his memory. Who be lieves that any Presbyteriun session would admit a person to tho communion on tho bare statement that ho had lost confidence on tho sufficiency of reason, and therefore wuuted an infallible guide f This is the. sum .of what Mr. Brownson assures us ho announced to tho pastor and aossipn of tho Ballston church. Iris hardly to bo boliev.od that any Presbyterian session opened the door of com munion to any one who did not with apparont intelligence and sincerity profess faith in and obe dience to the Lord Jesus Christ, of which Mr. Brownson soon gave deplorable evidence, whatever his professions, that ho was destitute ' Fie further tells us that his pastor agreed with him that the Article in tho Confession, on foro ordination, was harsh ; and informed him that he had moved in the General Assembly, to have it modified, by which he failed by only two or three votes. The possibility of any such vote in tho General Assembly in favour of any material modi fication of that article) in any stage of his history, seems to us extremely questionable. The New School innovators in their palmiest days never attempted this however any of them may have promulgated speculative dogmas subversive to it.' —P. 134. Tho facts are as stated in The Convert; whether the author's conversion was genuine or not, we do not presume to decide. The Presbyterian judges decided that it was, and joyously opened to him tho communion of their Ohurch. The Re viewer must, as they were Presbyterians, presume they were good Christians ; and, therefore, accor ding to his doctrine, under the infallible guidance of the Holy Ghost. It will not do for him, then, to question their decision. They decided the author had received grace, and as on Presbyterian principles grace is inamissible, the Reviewer must suppose he continued in grace during all his subsequent aberrations, and so continues even now, and conse quently is sure of salvation. With regard to ttie vote on the articlo in tho Confession, touching fore-ordination, the author merely states what his pastor, an Old School Presbyterian, we believe, told him. If the information was incorrect, the fault lies not with him, but with his informant. He never pretended to state it as a fact within his own personal knowledge. Tho Reviewer knows better than we what degree of credit is due to the state ments of a Presbyterian minister. Having disposed of those matters as well as the nature of the caso admitted, the Reviewer ap proaches closer to the real questions in issue : Mr. Brownson's main object, however, is to make out that Presbyterianism imposes a worse bondage than Romanism, not only iu relation to life and manners, but in regard to reason and faith. Ha claims that it has all tho disadvantages without any of the advantages of tho Romish system. It does not claim infallibility, or that its tenets should be believed merely upon its own authority. It asserts the infallibility of God speaking in his word, and that the evidence for all articles of faith is found in that word ; that they are to be believed upon God's authority, manifested in his word, and not on the authority of any uninspired church, prelate, or pontiff : therefore that true faith re ceives them not because they are found in the Con fession, but because, though stated in the Confes sion and proved therein from the word of God, they are first affirmed in the Scriptures. Therefore we receive them not upon the testimony of man, but of God ; not as the word of man, but as tho word of God. And without assuming to bo infal lible, we have that confidence that these are the doctrines of God, that we are ready to stake our eternity upon them ; and to take the responsibility of refusing to admit to communion, or call by the Christian name, those who deny the most essential of them. In regard to these— all which have im mediately to do with our enjoyment of tho favour of God — we have the sure word of prophecy ; bui-o not only in itself, but in our apprehension and. be lief of it. The promise is sure to all the seed. We know in whom we have believed, and that he is able to keep that which we commit unto him. We know the things that are freely given us of God. We know and are persuaded that nothing shall bo able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. We know, too, that he that believeth not this gospel shall be damned ; that if any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ he is anathema maranatha ; that without holiness no man shall see the Lord. We know that whosoever confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come iu the flesh is uot of God ; that if any man be in Clirist Jesus, ho is a new creature ; and that if any man have not tho spirit of Christ, he is none of his. We know this aud much more, even all the inte gral elements of our religion, not because the Pope says so, but because, thus saith tho Lord in His word. Yet, while we know this we are not inspired messengers of new truth not revealed in God's written word. We know it through eyes cleared of the film of sinful prejucice and blindness, and be holding it set forth in the sure testimonies of God. Nor do we assume to bo infallible expositors of every part of tho word of God, relative to minor and less essential matters. Much less do we assume tho divine perogrative of lording it over men's faith, or of being invested with authority to command or enforce belief of any doctrines, by any pains and penalties beyond disowning as Christians those who disown the essential truths, or renounce the practice which constitutes Christianity. We call no man master, and are no man's masters. But we do claim to know and set forth what God himself has declared essential to salvation, not to believe and obey which ensures perdition. As the word of God has a radiance of divinity and inevi dence of inspiration which binds all to whom it comes to believe it on pain of eternal damnation, so we hesitate not to proclaim its cardinal requirements, as requirements of God, indubitably declared in his word, and necessary to be believed in order to salvation. Yet we teach that these things are to believed not upon our authority, or because we say them, but upon the authority of God, and be cause he says them ; and therefore that tho believer must ground his faith, not upon any human creed or articles of man's composing, but upon the word of God ; consequently, that he must look to the Biblo as his ultimate creed, which gives to any human creed, or teaching, whutever authority it possesses ; in short, he must found his faith not on nny mere human word, but on God's word, and search tho Scriptures whether these things be so, that his faith may stand not in the wisdom of mon, but in tho power of God. How then is occasion given for Mr. Brown aon's great objection to the Protestant system ? Does it not offer infallible authority for the faith it propounds, even the undisputed word of God, which the Roman Church concedes is such and boasts of having kept entire and intact ? And if it calls upon men to behold in this word tho testimony of God to tho truth it propounds, instead of taking it upon any mere human testimony, is this any hard ship ? If wo grant the infallibility of the Pope, is it any easier to examine his rescripts, bulls, and man dates, than tho declarations of God as recorded by' tho holy prophets, evangelists, and apostles ? Must we employ our reason in judging of tho meaning of the Scriptures ; and must it not also be employed in judging of the meaning of a papal dogma ? Must we abide in one case what our reason discorns to be set forth and not in the other? Or does the Pope address his decrees to us as irrational beings ? What but sheer nonsense or ignorance then is it, for Mr. Brownson to talk, as he over and over again ? does, of abnegating his own reason in becoming a Presbyterian, while ho acted with the highest ra tionality in becoming a Romanist? In the former case he was called to employ his reason directly in discerning tho mind of God as declared in his word. In tho latter ho resigned that function of reason to tho Pope, but still was under the necossity of using it in discerning the import of his pronunciameiitos. In the one caso he yields his reason to what Pro testants and Romanists alike concede to be the word of God ; in the othor to a person whose in . spiration all Protestants deny, and the tokens of which are to those of the inspiration of the Bible, less than tho brightness of tho glow-worm to that of the sun.'— Pp. 134.137. -This long extract is a fair specimen of the' Reviewer's doctrine and logic. It fully sustains tho charges preferred in The Convert against Presbyterianism. The Reviewer concedes that the author judged well, that iu divine matters we need a divine guide. Tho author tells us that ho joined tho Presbyterians, because he hoped to find such a guide in their Church. He renounced that Church alter a brief trial, he tells us again, because he found that it neither did, would, uor could perform the office of such a guide. It disclaimed all autho rity to teach, remitted tho individual to the Bible | bade him take that, study it carefully, and under* . stand for himself ; and thou it excommunicated him, if he did not happeu to understand, it in accordance with its standards. He found its spirit I 'harsh, arrogant, and tyrannical, &c.; Here are suffi cient reasons, if true, for rejecting the Presbyterian Church. ' Are they true? In the extract wo have made, the . more important of them are virtually conceded, nay, confirmed and defended.. 'Tho Presbyterian Church,' says the Reviewer, 'does not claim infallibility, or that its tenets are to bo believed upon its, own authority.' If it does not claim infallibility, it, is by its own concession fallible, and, thoreforo, may toach for tho word of God what is not his word. Then, it has no teaching authority, for in matters of faith a fallable authority is no authority at all. Tho Reviewer concedes that in matters divine, and such are matters of faith, we need a divine guide. What ever is divine is infallible. No divine guide can err, or lead into error. Tho Presbyterian Church, since it is fallible, cannot be divine; and, therefore, can havo no authority, can be no guide in matters of faith. For it, then, to attempt to exerciBe au thority in such matters, is an attempt at usurpation, to substitute the human for the divino, and to bring us into bondage to men instead of ushering us into the glorious liberty of tho sons of God. But it does not ' claim that its tenets are to be believed on its own authority.' Does this mean that it has and claims no authority in the case ? Then it has nothing to do with faith, and is no divine guide, and has not a word to say iii tho matter. Or, does it mean that its authority is not the ultimate reason or ground of faith : thut is that it has no authority to make articles of faith, or to propose anything to be believed as of faith, not revealed by God himself ? If this is tho mean . ing, the reviewer only says of his church, what wo fea- and must say of ours. Catholic faith objectively considered, is Deus revelans et Ecclesia proponens. The Church has authority to propose, can propose, and does propose as of faith only what is contained in the revealed word of God, transmitted from the Apostles to ns. The Catholio claims for his Church authority not to make the faith, but to propose and define the faith originally revealed, for what is not a revelatum cannot be of Catholic faith ; and we believe what she proposes and defines, not because she proposes and defines it, but because God has rovealed it. The point is not whether you disclaim all right or pretension on tho part of the Presbyterian Church to propose tenets to be held on its own authority, but whether you claim for it authority to determine what God himself has revealed, to 'be believed not precisely on its authority, bnt on the authority of God. Do you disclaim for it this authority? If you do, then you must hold yourselves perfectly free to follow your own judgment in determining what is or is not the word of God. If you are thus free, for it to come in and excommunieato you for not deter mining according to its standards, as you know it does, would be outrageous tyranny — the very tyranny charged by our author againso you? Your liberty would bo a tne'ro mockery, nay a temptation and a snare ? If, on tho other hand, you claim for it authority in determining what it ia God has revealed, we ask whether, in so deter mining, it is fallible or infallible? If the latter, you agree with us in principle, and claim for the Old School Presbyterian Church what we cluimfor the Holy Roman Catholic Apo.stolio Church, and the question between us is simply a question of fact, not of law. But this you cannot say, for you concede, and your Churoh concedes, that as a Church it is fallible, and does not claim infallibility. You must say, then, that in determining what it is that God reveals, your Church is fallible, and may propose as revelation what is not revelation. If this bo bo, pray toll us, if it allows its members to reject what it proposes and defines to be of faith, and to do so uncensured f If so, what have you to say against Andover, New Haven, Mercersburg, Oxford, or even Cambridge ? But you know it is not so, for it tries and excommunicates for heresy those who reject the Presbyterian standards. If it is fallible in proposing and defining the faith, and yet acts and judges as if it were infallible, ? the author, it seems to us, was right in his charges, and had a sufficient reason for renouncing the Presbyterian communion ; for to bo subjected in matters of faith to a fallible, is fo be subjected to a mere human authority, which is intolerable bon dage, gross mental and religious thraldom, which no true man will willingly submit to. 'It— the Presbyterian Church— asserts the in fallibility of God speaking.' Indeed! Does any body deny that God speaking is infallible ? ' And that the evidence for all articles of faith is to bo found in that word'— that is, we suppose, in God speaking— Deus revelant. But what is the evi dence that this or that article alleged to be in the word of God, or to be God speaking, really is so ? Here is a link wanting in tho Presbyterian chain of evidence. ' That they are to be believed on God's authority.' Undoubtedly, if at all, for nothing but his authority is sufficient warranty for faith. ' And not on the authority of any uninspired church, prelate, or pontiff.' Certainly not. Every Ca tholic holds that, and it is one great reason why Catholics cannot accept Protestantism. 'There- fore, he receives them not upon the testimony of man, but of God ; not as the word of man, but as the word of God.' Very good ; only you forget to supply tho lacking link. How do you know that the articles of faith contained in your Confession of Faith are contained in tho Scriptures, or in tho re veuled word of God, whether written or unwritten ? Faith in the last analysis is belief on tho veracity of God alone, or the belief that God is true, Deus est verax. But in order to believe an article because God has revealed it, you must know that ho has revealed it. If you do not know that, in believing it you do not necessarily believe him. Here is the grand diflieulty with your Presbyterianism. It tells us truly that God speaking is infallible, and to believe on his authority, or anything because he says or reveals it, is perfectly reasonable. It adds tha truism, that when we believe what he re veals beause he reveals it, we believe on his, not on human testimony — Ilia word, not man's word. But the difficulty is, that it has no authority to tell us what- is or is not His word, what God has or has not revealed. We believe the revelatum, where we know that it is a revelatum, on the veracity of God ; but how do we come to the knowledge of the fact that this or that ib a re velatum? It is precisely here that the divine guide is needed, and it is precisely here that Pros byterianism leaves us without such a guide, to our own private judgments, or to a usurped, fallible, human authority. ' And without assuming to be infallible we have that confidence that these are the doctrines of God, that wo are ready to stake our eternity on them.' That you have such confidence we do not dispute, but that is uot the question. But if neither you nor your Church is infallible, how can you be certain that your confidence is not a blind, a foolish confidence, and that you are running a fearful risk of losing the eternity you are so ready to stake. ' We have the sure word of prophecy ? sure not only in itself, but in our apprehension and belief of it.' How do you know that ? Your Churoh is confessedly fallible, and may err in determining what are or are not the doctrines of God ; and as you confess you do not assume to bo infallible yourselves, how do you know that your assurance is not a mere subjective assurance, an illusion, nay, a strong delusion, which God permits, or, us your version says, 'sends,1' as a punishment for your pride and rejection of his Church. ' The promise is suro to all tho seed.' But how know you that you aro 'the seed.' I Holy David tells us, no man knoweth whether he deserveth love or hatred. But be all this as it may, it. does not meet tho case. Whatever assur ance you have, and whatever its value, it !b an individual affair, rests on tho internal state of the individual, and is not and cannot be given by the Presbyterian Church. It does not rest on its authority us teacher, or its capacity as n guide in matters of faith. It has nothing to do with it, yet without being able to declare that the doctrines are the doctrines of God on its own knowledge, or any knowledge) it can use, it cuts off from its com munion all who deny what it holds to be those doctrines. ' And without asaumiug to be infallible we have that confidence that these are the doctrines of God, that we are ready to stake our eternity upon them j and to take tte responsibility of refusing to admit to our communion, or to call by the Christian name, those who deny the most essential- of them.' What is this but a full con firmation of the charge brought in Tha Convert against tho Presbyterian Churoh ? ' Nor do we assume to be infallible expositors of the word of God, relative to minor and less «»- scntial matters.' Aha ! then you do claim to bo infallible expositors of the word of God, relative to larger and more essential matters ? - Just now you disclaimed infallibility. . Now it would seem that, up to a certain extent at least, you claim it. ' Much less do we assume the divine prerogative of lording it over men's faith, or of being; invested with authority to command or enforce belief-of any doctrines by any pains and penalties, beyond dis owning as Christians those who disown the essen tial tr,uthf, or renounce the practice which con stitutes Christianity.' How long is it since Pres byterians went further, and inflicted other pains and penalties than thoso here named? But let that pass. The passage proves the truth of tho charge, that the Presbyterian Church, while it refuses to asBumo tho responsibility of authoritatively teaching the. individual, excommunicates him, if in his honest researches he comes to conclusions hostile to her standard of doctrine. ?? We call no man ina3ter, and are no man'8 maBtjrs.' That, Mr. Reviower, is equivocal, and sins by that figure of logic called in the schools, ignorantia elenchi. Tho question does not turn on what you, as individuals, claim or disclaim, but on what your church claims and docs. The authority is human, since you concede it to be fallible, and yet she does claim authority over men's faith, and tho right to inflict on them the heaviest penalty known to the ecclesiastical law, that of excommunication, for not believing or for denying what she holds to be the essential truths of Chris tianity. It may be you are no man's masters ; but if you havo not as Presbyterians a human muster, you give us a very false account of your Church. ' But we do claim to know and set forth what God himself has declared to be essential to salvation, not to believe and obey which ensures perdition.' Here you' claim all' that tho Catholic Church claims, or ever has claimed, in the case. 'Yet we teach that these things are to be believed, not upon our authority, or because we say them, but upon' the authority of God, because ho says them.' All very fine, but not ad rem. Upon what authority is one to believe that God says them? 'He must look to the Bible as his ultimate creed, which gives to any human creed whatever authority it possesses ; in short, he must found his faith not on any mere human word, but on God's word.' All that we understand very well ; but on what authority is one to take the fact that God says these things ? ' He must search the Scriptures whether' these things be so, that his faith may stand not in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.' That is, the Presbyterian Church sends the inquirer to the Scriptures to learn what ore the doctrines God reveals, and excommunicates him if he comes to a conclusion contrary to her standards. ' How then,' the Reviewer naively asks, 'is occasion given for Mr. Brownson's great objection to tho Protestant sys tem !' Why, bless your soul, Mr. Reviewer, you have done nothing but confirm that very objection. ' Does it not offer infallible authority for the faith it propounds?' Nay, that is not the question. Does it offer infallible authority that what, it pro pounds is revealtd by Almighty God, or is con tained in his word ? It does not, you are forced to concede that it dues not, and yet you admit that it consigns to otornal perdition all who do not believe what it, on no authority at all, declares are the doctrines of God. The simple truth is, no form of Protestantism can consistently assert any Church authority in matters of faith ; for to do so would be to condemn Protestantism in its very principle. The Protestant Reformation originated in rebellion against Church authority, and that rebellion can in no wise be defended, unless freedom of the individual in face of the church be asserted. To deny that freedom is to deny Pro testantism itself. This has been proved over and over again by so- called liberal Christians. But to assert it, opens the door to all- manner of errors, to absolute heresies of doctrine, and places Theodore Parker on tho same Protestant platform with Dr. Alexander, or Dr. Hodge. Protestants are con- demned, if they would retain any fragments of revealed truth, to a perpetual self-contradiction, and to pull down with one hand what they build up with the other. It is a necessity of their position. They must stammer in their speech, and speak with a double tongue. They cannot afford to bo consistent, to be, logical, to be faithful to their own principles ; for, were they so, they would either run into pure rationalism, or return to tho Catholic Church. This is tho lesson of Dr. Brownson's Convert. He aimed to be logical, and following the principle which Protestantism must assert in order to justify the reformers in breaking away from the Catholic Church, ho found himself running into rationalism, pure unbelief; recoiling from unbelief, from ra tionalism, and seizing and following the principles which Protestantism must recognize and maintain in order to have some semblance of religion, he was led by an invincible logic back to the Catholic Church. His variations and manifold changes were simply tho effects of his struggles to escape either alternative. There is no use in talking. Pro testantism is not all of one piece, but is a patch work of unbelief and Catholic tradition. If it assumes to be a Church, and to speak with autho rity in matters of faith or discipline, it condemns the Reformers, and abandons its own essential principle as Protestantism ; if it accepts the princi ple of individual freedom in the face of the church, and disclaims all authority in matters of faith, then it can take cognizance of no question of faith— re- quire assent to no creed or confession, as a condi tion of salvation. It cannot, in such cases, say a single word, as a church, on doctrines, or even on religious practice, without usurping an authority not its, and exercising in principle the grossest tyranny. The Old School Presbyterian is a res pectable old gentleman with many good qualities as a man, but he is necessarily placed by the nature of his Protestantism in a most sad dilemma. He has a lively horror of infidelity and the innovating spirit of modern times. He wishes to be conserva tive, to stand by the old landmarks, and to retain the essential faith of Christendom, for which we honour him ; but he is obliged to stop short in his conservative tendencies, for his sect came fifteen hundred years too late to be the Church of Christ, and owes its existence to that very spirit of dissent and innovation he wishes now to resist. (To be continued.) — ' ? 