i H tnö . From the following letter, addressed to Mr Blayney C. Walshe, it would seem that the opinion of the Government as to the 77th clause of the new code of regulations is not very flattering to the hopes of those who have relied on the clause as giving aa exclusive right to receive fees. Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, 6th January, 1857. Sm,-With reference to the subject of your letter of the 24tb ult., I have the honor to inform you that no penalties can now be inflicted for any breach of regulation 77 of the Local Court of Ballarat, as the act under which such breaches are punishable is no longer in force. I have, &c.;, J. H. KAT, For the Under Secretary. This survey business is disgusting both the lucky and the unlucky candi- dates at the recent election, and» the need for some other arrangement is generally acknowledged on all sides. New patents and new adventures in quartz crushing seem to be the order of the day, and it is to be hoped that out of all the activity and speculation now afoot, some permanent good will come. Mr Wilkinson is expected to arrive on Ballarat to-day for the pur- pose of making arrangements if possi- ble for the organisation of a company under his patent. Messrs Coote and An- drews have also, as will be seen by our report in another column a new pro- cess under course of submission to examination, with a view to ulterior steps of a practical nature. Then there ts Mr Penrose's arrangement for the pulverisation bf a fabulous quan- tity of quartz per diem, the working value of which will most likely be speedily known. Altogether, as we have intimated, there is ground to hope that some really effective scheme of quartz-crushing will now be elabo- rated, and a great desideratum supplied te the district. Mr Davidson is about to patent a new invention in the form of an im- proved circumfer enter. The Court-house for the new Court of Mines is likely soon to be com- menced. Messrs Barker Si Wallis's tender for the erection of the court- house has been accepted, and the plans are now in the o'üce of the contractors. The site has yet to be I determined on we believe. Ths cost of theerection will probably be somewhere about £1,420. A 1.-There is some disputing over the ground held by 3 and 4 south, the finding of the recent patch giving spice to the barney. It appears that authority to sink was given to three claims south of the prospect claim, but it is reported that No. 3 made an agreement with another party (No. 4), who were to divide with No. 3 if a cer- tain quantity of ground was obtained. The breaking through to the Home- ward Bound Company, took place earlier than was anticipated, and hence the bother, still more difficult to settle amicably, owing to the new value given to the ground by the late lucky haul. S OB tr BB Alf.-This ground is not yet proved, but tbe prospectors are very coufident of speedily demonstrating the presence there of a gutter in all its proper definitions of width, depth, and so forth. A whim has been erected, and the combat with the aquatic powers below, Ls going on more hopefully. NORTHUMBERLAND.-This lead tn futuro is likely soon to be one tn esse, according to existing appearances. The prospectors have now an i aerease of men, as well as an increase of ground, aud things are looking very promising. The water has been hitherto too heavy for the party to beat, but uow they are in their third shaft, and down some 100 feet or so, while baling goes on in the second, and thus facilitates the process of sinking. It is expected that they will bottom in the course of the week. OLD GRAVEL PITS COMPANY.-The tramway and washing-up works of this company have a somewhat ostentatious display of material, work, and debris. The railway now rests ou a veritable embankment along the lower portion of its length, and the castaway tailings are fast making a bed for the continua- tion of Dana street, if ever that con- tinuation be made. The yield of the stufF averages over half an ounce to the load, we hear ; but we hear, also, 6ad grumblings about the smallness of the dividends. Everybody knows that the expenses of the company have been very heavy, and of course their liquidation has necessarily been accompanied by attenuated division lists. This, how- ever, is a complaint which should be got over, and we trust to hear better accounts as to the weekly averages. We regret to hear that there is a serious misunderstanding between the full share and half share men in this ' company, which if not healed up may I lead to some extensive losses in the ! shape of lawyers' costs. The company I numbers 72 shareholders, 39 of whom are working on full share, and 33 on j half shares under the usual half i share agreements, aud it appears that '. the half share men are disposed to try j and jump the full shares they repre i sent, unless the holders of the sleeping ! interests consent to certain terms pro I posed by the half share men in supple ' ment to the existing agreements. The j half share men had a meeting last ! week when the step in question was ! discussed and decided on, and now the full sharemen or sleeping holders are I convening another meeting t« deter- mine what should l>e done under the circumstances. The claim is on \ private property, and as far as we can ? at present understand the quarrel, it is \ a decided case of dishonest attempt to 1 repudiate contracts entered into solemnly. The want of a private property law we have harped upon until we are tired of the subject, and here we have apparently another in. stance of the need of such a law to prevent unprincipled men from engag- ing in a suicidal crusade against capi- tal and their own interests. If this be really the position of affairs in the Old. Gravel Pits Company, we need not remind the half-share men that they will not onlydisgrace themselves in the i eves of every honest man by such a step, but will most assuredly find themselves in the wrong box at the Supreme Court4 We hope the aflair will be amicably settled. GEORGE YARD COMPACT.-This company has given up the ghost some- what precipitately, and the plant will be most likely sold by auction in a few days. The computed loss in cash per full share, independent of seven months labor, is about £30. Mr Howe im- agines he can compel tue company to continue the prospect we believe, and has sent a letter demanding that the ground shall be further tested, but the requisition will not be obeyed. Tha giving up was not brought about by any decisive discouragement below, but by the discouraging decision above of one of the shifts, who did not work, and thus led the way to a barney and a ! general abandonment, j WHITE FLAT.-This old ground is now almost exclusively in the hands of companies, holding leases or large grants, and all are in active operation, the supply of water hitherto being good. The White Flat Company has now nearly opened up a fresh " face" ia a transverse direction, and better ground than any hitherto worked will be opened up almost immediately. At least so say the hopes and confident expectations of the company, including the knowing ones, who believe they know every inch of the flat. We shall be glad to hear that their very respectable dividends are still farther improving. The Clydeside Company, above the Bridge, and on the south side of the Creek, has now got its ground in capital order for working. "J For a long time the men were sadly pestered with water and sludge, but the drier weather has eased them of those dim cutties without depriving them of water enough for the conduct of the works. We are informed that the ground is paying, and that better ground is supposed to be in store. We may mention in connection with this company, that Mr Finlay's party, Miner's Right way, who had a barney with the Clydeside Company respecting the water race, is now destitute of water. We have been told, too, that if Finlay's party had constructed their racehead lower down the Flat, their supply of water would have been more permanent. But haveno opinion on the matter ourselves, as we are un- acquainted with the circumstances. The Little Race Co.'s men on the gaol side, are pegging away with spirit I ta their grant, and with moderate suc- cess- Like their neighbors they have the advantage of a fair supply of water for washing purposes. The men of the Glasgow Co ,belowthe White Flat Company, have got their machinery into gear, and things gene- rally are progressing favorably. There is yet ^another company about to open a grant between the latter company, and the crushing house, near the Milk- maid's Lead, and thus the whole of the Flat nearly in all its width is takeu up, aad in the way to be thoroughly worked. j MARY PROVOST.-The prospect com ! pany on this little lead have their pud- dling machine in gear now, and wash- ing up will commence forthwith. There are only four other claims going down, and it is doubtful if the last, even of these, will be able to trace a gutter, as it is not impossible the run may shal- low out into the ordinary old Golden Point sinking within the boundaries of the clai m No. 4. There is no rock be- yond No. 1, and that company are through. The next company have reefed shallow, and are a'iout to drive for the gutter. J REDAN.-The Red Lion and Perse- verance companies are proposing to amalgamate their 20 claims, and to commence sinking at once. They have also in contemplation a novel mode of procedure, and which it may be a little difficult to square with the requirements of the regulations. The company propose to call for tenders for putting down a shaft, instead of pursuing the time-honored practice of doing the work themselves. The spot most likely to be chosen for sinking will be contiguous to the last bore of the Perseverance Company. We be- lieve, however, that this contract business is not decided upon, any more than another new project, heretofore talked of on that lead, but never yet put in practice, namely, puddling up by cement, instead of clay. This latter plan is, however, thought of, and is, we fancy, more likely to be camed out than that of sinking a shaft by contract under the existing regulations. The Committees of these companies have passed a resolution prohibiting their surveyor, or late surveyor, Mr O'Mally, from giving up his books and papers to the newly appointed district surveyor, whom they decline to ac- knowledge. We understand the main reason for this procedure is a want of confidence in Mr Davidson, on account of his being the old surveyor for the Golden Point and Malakoff Leads, whose interests are supposed to be likely to clash with those of the Redau in the matter of the anticipated junc- tion. 