BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. ( From our Own Correspondent. ) Parliamentary Intelligenoe, Legislative Council, Melbourne, Tuesday Evening. The President took the ch if at ten minutes past four. MR. VAUG-HAN pursuant to notice aBked why the Government does not bring some of the land in the neighbourhood of Buninyong into the market ? THE POSTMASTER GENERAL replied that the land already surveyed in that locality had proved to be auriferous. The district Surveyor hod, however, been instructed to survey other lots MR. '< .'OV1BIE asked if the forms made under the new County Courts Act were ready; and if so, why they have not been forwarded to the various County Courts throughout the colony. THE POSTMASTER GENERAL replied that some delay had occuried owing to a pres. sure of printing iu the Government Printing Office. The forms &c..; were now ready and would be forwarded to the various County Courts with as little delay as possible. DR. TIERNEY asked for the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown, which was sometime since promised to tbatHoupe, rpla*- j tivc to the unclaimed balances in the Treasury and banks, supposed to beloDg to in/ testates in this colony, and whether those sums can legally be appropriated to the Orphan asylums ? THE POSTMASTER GENERAL in reply stated that the unclaimed balances' in the Treasury and Banks were very trifling. _ The Law Officers, of the Crown had the subject of their disposal, at present under consideration. Jin. HOOD atked whether the unexpended balances c.f "sums yoted by Parliament for 1857, lapsed on the close of last year. , THE GENftttAL jtyUid i that except in instances where tenders fca J 1 been accepted the votes eo unexpected would i lapse. I Mb. J. P. FAWKNER moved that the I petition from the miners of Ararat praying 1 that the Government would allow each miner to hold a quantity of ]and, be received. He said it was only by passing some such measure a8 that prayed for in the petition, that the country could ever be settled. The POST MASTER GENERAL moved the previous question ; and on a division Mr. Fawkner's motion was lost, the vojes being— Contents - 3 Non Contents 13 Majority 10 MR. HOOD moved for the production of the comparative analyses of th» Yan Yean and Yarra waters, made some time ago by Dr. Maund. The Motion was agreed to A message was received from the Assembly sending up the Duration of Parliaments Bill, which had passed its third reading in the Assembly. The bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an order of the day for Tuesday. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The speaker took the chair at half past f our. MR. WOOD presented a petition from the Catholic Clergy and laity of fieechworth, against the Educa'ion Bill- Petetion received MR. ASPINALL asked the Hon the Treasurer how it was the contra^ t for printing the Electoral Lists, &c.;, had been given to the Mount Alexander Mail instead of the Miners Ri^hfc. Mb EB1)EN explained that the tender from the proprietors of the Miners Right was was considerably higher than the one accepted After several unimportant questions had been disposed of, the H cuse weut into Committee on the Reform Bills. Mb HAlNiiS mcved the posfcponemeut of the first eighteen clauses ; in a brief but able speech he defended a:;d explained the system of representation of minorities. Mb CHAPMAN was altogether opposed, this new idea of minorities being represented. He considered that the present system of representation was a full and a fair ona. He moved as an amendment that clause 18 be read. The house having adjourned for refreshment, on its reassembling, Mr. Chapman resumed "he debate and wa3 speaking at the time our meesage left. There was a very full house, and the debate promised to be an animated and protracted one. Levy the Oriental Bank swindler underwent a further examination this morning. Thero was a heavy fall of rain during the day. Ma. Zincke and fc A Miser."— In our issue lof yesterday a lelrer appeartd, signed <f A Miner", in which Mr. Zincke's qualification for a seat in the Mining Board were enumerated ; and containing sundry strictures upon his conduct whilst clerk of the late Local Court. In the course of the day Mr. Zincke called at our oMce, stated that he considered a pon tion of the letter libellous, and left a message ( the editor and proprietors being absent) demanding the name of the author—This piece of information we most unequivocally decline to give. Our invariab'e rule is to insert no ano* nimous communication, unless the name of the writer is given to us in confidence and we should certain1}' never dream of violating that confidence to gratify either Mr. Zincke or anybody e'se. We have our own opinion of Mr Zincke's fitness for the office he aspires to fill and shall probably take an early opportunity of refering to the subject more at large, In the mean time we shall pursue the even tenour of our way, upheld by a sense of duty, and undaunted by any threat which Mr. Zincke may offer. Value of propekty.—As a proo that Beechworth is not going to the dogs quite so fast as some people are. anxious to make it appear, we may mentio n that the property formerly in the occupation of Scott and Co. at the coiner of Camp and High Streets', has been leased at a rental of £15 per week. Miking Board —A meeting of the Electors of the Three Mile will be held this evening at Monkhouse's Star Hotel for the purpose of deciding upon a fit and proper person to represent that division iu the Mining Board. Ehbatusi.—In the leading article of yesterdays issue there was a transposition of the two concluding paragraphs. That commencing with "but ia this instance," should have occupied the place of the one beginning "We leave the answer," and vice versa. The Wiather.—The intense heat, under which we have been alternately broiling and stewing for a week past, gave way yester' day to rather plea-anter weather ; pleasanter, that is to say, for those residing out of the reach of the town dust. In the township itself it was an open question, whether it was better to be baked by the sun,orehoked and blinded by the pulverised granite which rolled in dense clouds through the streets, every five minutes. We trust that yesterday did not inaugurate^ season of " brickfielders. " Magistrates.—Hi3 Excellency, the Governor with the advice of the Executive Ccun. cil has been pleased to appoint the following gentlemen, resident in Beechworth, to be Magistrates for the Colony of Victoria :— John Gemmell, George Briscoe Kerferd, Richard Mellish and Charles Williams Esquires, Hayward M. Atkins Esq., a Police Magistrate of New South Wales has also been appointed a Police Magistrate of Victoria. Contracts Accepted.—The following contracts are notified in Fridays Gazette as having been accepted ;—For the supply of forage at Buckland, and Porepunka, Police Station, Johnson Quin, Hay £30 per ton. At Mulwalie, P. R. Gordon Oats Us per bushel, Bran do 4s 6d, Hay per ton £18 Straw do £7. At Woolshed, and Eldorado, John Graham, Oats 14s per bushel, Bran 5s, Hay per ton £20 10s Od Straw do £11. And for the supply of rations during 1858 to prisoners eonfined in lock np at Eldorado, Edward Menlove, ona shilling and six pence per ration. A New South Wales Gnosx-The good folks ofWollombi, a district in New South Wales, are the heroes, it seems, of a veritable ghost story. According to what we recollect of the first revelations made concerning the mystery, the ghost of some i defunct personage ,had appeared to an inhabitant of Quarribiloiig, and indicated in right ghostly manner that his earthly remains had been deposited in the bed of a dry creek in the locality. We leave the locdl journalist to narrate the subsequen t proceedings, and whjch he does in the following manner :—*?Not a little interest has been ex> cited by the story of the ghoBi at Ciuarribilang, which appeared some time ago in our columns, and not a few inquiries have been made as to the result of the Bearch that it was understood was to be made. We can only say that the affair is still enveloped in mystery. Fifteen men were engaged for some time in digging into the bed of the dry creek pointed out by the ghost as the spot where'the retrains of its corporeal tenement lay hid. But as although in ordinary seasons, the bed of this creek is dry, there is now a current of water finding a passage below the surface—a result of the rains of last year—th? search could not be carried put as far as was'vished. Thei::teyest connected with the tale is maintained, however, by the iact that a bone was found ; but doubts were expressed as to whether it was not the bone of a bnllock, instead of a part of the remains of a human'subject. We hear that the bone was to be subjected to the examination of a medical fflan, and that the search will ife!?en#pdatiui ':y. f' 1 —Sir*Irfi . . •• *-• z-.rrf.w 