TOUB. TO SÎTBÏA THROUGH THE ARCHIPELAGO. ,(Frem1hc 'Daily Sews, December.28.) > .; . We left wyra at three o clock ? on Saturday afternoon, and the wind, which had been blow- ing freshly from the north 'all the morning, soon stiffomed into a gale, with occasional heavy rain, sorely damaging - the- effect of the multitude of islands through which our course to Smyrna loy. In about seven hours Ohio became visible, and we ran between the island and the mainland an smooth water, ' anchoring in the fine harbour of Smyrna'at daybreak- on Sunday morning. It is difficult to conceive anything more striking than the, view of Smyrna from the «ca. lt lies at the bottom of a deep bay extending .inland many miles, the town being built along the shore and on the slope of Mount Pague, the summit of which is crowned by the ruins of a vast Genoese castle, part of which stands on the site of a still moro ancient fortification, of Roman origin. In tho distance, and on both sides of the bay, are mountains of the most picturesque outline and colour, with villages on their sides and at their feet,'the harbour appearing to be entirely land- locked by the more distant hills seaward. We were soon boarded by a multitude of mo3t truculent-looking Greeks, clamorous for passengers to take on shore;, and certainly their boats were very tempting. Remarkably elegant in their outlines and resting lightly on the water, they are nevertheless admirable sea boats, carrying an astonishing amount of sail, and the Smyrnioto boatmen do not hesitate to make rather long trips in them amongst the islands of tho coast of Anatolia. Looking to- wards tito town, which lies at the south-eastern point of die bay, tho Turkish quarter is on tho right hand, easily distinguished by th« long fugado of the barracks, painted rod and white, and by tho mass, pf tall cypresses marking the field of tho dead, and by the minarets of tho mosques. It dsuBoloss forme to attempt any affectation of -enthusiasm or poetic feeling as to these latter, aïticlos. A vast deal of pictures quo association is connected with them, and {with tho cry * of tho Muezzin, who, by the by, is generally some old blind shoemaker or tailor, with a voice somewhat damaged by ago ; buttha plain fact is that aminarot resembles acandle ina tin candlestick with un extinguisher on tho top of it, comme deux gouttes tfeau. I do not of course allude to tho elaborate minarotá ono sees in Oatro'and Constantinople, but to tho ordinary run of them in Turkish towns, whero tho tower itsolf is usually white, tho extinguisher on its summit grey, tho gallery whenco tho Muozzin soroochos hie call to prayor imitating tho top of tho candlestick to perfection. Along the shore, whoro tho Turkish public buildings coaso, the Frank quarter begins ; the houses of tho Consuls, distinguished by their flugBUiffB, being all on or near tho water. Tho Armenian and Jewish quarters uro behind that of tho Franks, in which the houses aro of a superior class, and tho street*} in somowhot better condition than elsewhere. The stylé adopted in the more important Frank dwelling houses is eminently picturesque. A. large door- way opens into a sort of corridor, at the end of which- a garden is generally visible ; a portion of the side of the corridor being open towards it, with a row of pillars, not unfrequently of rich marble. The apartments are reached by doors on either side of the cor- ridor, and as ' the great door is almost always open, many glimpses of the house life of the Smyrniotes, and a vast number of pretty faces* are visible to the passengers who throng the streets. In fine weather, it is amusing enough to wander through the principal streets of the Frank quarter, which bears an inscription on one of its corners, eminently useful in a city where little else than Greek, Italian, and Turk- ish is ever, heard. The traveller, may see painted up "Lower Frank-street," and below it, " Nieder Franken Gasse," and on one of the streets leading out of it, " Chads-street, Chad Gasse." Some of the other Btreets, at least, have names/ for the Hue des Hoses is familiar to. most, visitors, but inscriptions are very rare. Of : all the disappointments imaginable, that which awaits tho traveller who may land in Smyrna, except after a batch of dry weather,is ; one of the most complete. Giaour. Ismir-Infidel Smyrna-the Pearl of -the East-^-for it is known by all these names-is certainly ono of.tho dirtiest places under tho,sun.. There is not a Bally-anything in.the.wildest parts of Galway, which does not possess a high street as well paved as those of Smyrna; I apprehend the system adopted in that city is, to collect a load pf fragments of rockj ancient pavements, ruins, : and boulders from the -sea shore, shoot them down in the street, distribute them pretty evenly, and leave the rest to Providence, taking care, however, that the centre of the street shall be the lowest, as it 'serves for a.reservony whence the surplus must.be , distributed with great impartiality among the . passengers, whose garments save all expenses of mud carts. The common walk- ing costume of the Franks in wet weather is a pair of jack boots, reaching high above the knees. It had rained on the morning of our arrival, but if the vile condition «"the pavement in the Frank quarter at first shocked my Lon- don notions, it was fully reinstated in my good opinion after I had floundered for about an hour in the abominable mud and slush of the great bazaar, among galloping Turks,' and horses and asses laden with wood and mer- chandise. And here I would caution all and sundry against visiting this bazaar without a guide, or going there at ? all in wet weather, more especially as there is nothing to repay one for the trouble and annoyance, the new bazaar, though smaller, being, more picturesque and free from horses and mud. The great bazaar is a .labyrinth of streets twisting in so many directions that when I emerged, after an hour's wandering, I had no idea in 'what direction I should proceed to reach the quay. I had several times . caught sight of the striped minaret of the mosque of the 'Bezes tein, but could never find my way to it, and at length I found myself in the narrow streets of the Turkish quarter, with blank walls on either side, and here and there one of the little projecting latticed windows, which are tho solo openings, excepting tho door, which appear on the street side of Turkish dwellings. Now and the none of those ghost-lik* objects, a Turkish", woman, appeared, enveloped from I head to foot in voluminous folds of white I maslin, the upper part of the face hidden by a j band bf dark blue of the same material, and waddling along on wooden clogs, like a corpse but for a walk. From the ,time I quitted the Frank quarter I found myself the sole wearer bf the black chinanev-pot with which we adorn our heads, and ray costume in this part of the town seemed to me particu- larly incongruous. The old Turkish dress is still worn by many of the SmyrnioteTurks, and every variety of Levantine costume is to be met with in the bazaars. I encountered a magnificent Nubian", above six "feet high, wearing the Albanian petticoat and em- broidered leggings and -jacket, with his belt crammed with that armoury of pistols, yata- ghans, daggers, and knives; in which a Greek ' mountaineer in full dress delights. I had met just before, in Frank-street, a negro in all,the elorv of a new suit of European garments, swaggering about and airing his English, of which he seemed immensely proud. Every Frankish acquaintance he mot was greeted with a shake of the hand and a "got afterno," which I presume meant good afternoon.' From the Turkish quarter I strayed into that of the Armeninns, and thence into that of the Jews, recognisable by the exaggeration of the dirt and squalor I had met with elsewhere; and finally I emerged into the outskirts of the town, among Greek cafés and lanes thinly populated. A number of men gesticulating and vociferating in a café attracted my attention ; there were Greeks, principally sailors apparently, and whilo I was looking on a sort of mêlée suddonly took place. I saw two arms thrown upwards, a cry followed, and the confusion increased. One of them was stabbed. Some ran off to the police, or whatever represents it in- Smyrna-women shrieked, idlers began to collect at a little distance round the café, and I thought it dosirable to make my way.off, and was not sorry to see the "Nieder.Franken Gasse" again. No one seemed to consider this little episode of Smyrna life as anything particular-such events occur constantly, being tho almost inva- riable termination of a fete, and unless the man is killed, the assassin gets off very oaBily, being claimed by his Oonsul. This perpetual inter- ference of tho Consuls is the curse of all Turkish, towns, and gives impunity to crime of every description, rendering any effective police regulations impossible. A Greek was pointed out to mo in the street, who with. another had v been concerned in two assassinations this year. He had boen sent to Syra for" . trial, had undergone' his .,punishment, whatever that might be, and had returned to begin his career again. Not long ago, a Greek clerk, in tho absence of his master, laid hands on every- thing accessible in tho shape of money, bosides borrowing of two morchants in his master's namo, and thon fled.. He was taken, sent to Syra to bo tried, acquitted, and had tho cool- ness to rotura to Smyrna and start in business with the money he had stolon, or at least so muoh of it as remained after bribing his Greok judges. Altogether, Smyrna must bo an abomination in tho eyes of tho genuine Turks. Thoro are several Christian churches, and recently the priosts have obtained permission to use bolls. Being Sunday I was able to ascertain the fact that this permission is abused rather than used, for there was an incessunt banging and ringing for the greater part of tho day, and a lofty building is in courso of erection as a belfry, so that the poor Turks will bo forced to stuff their éars with cotton, or remove to a greater distance from the hated sound. Stone is abundant in the vicinity oí Smyrna and is largely employed in the construction of the houses of Franks, but the Turks still adhere to their old method, and I saw houses building to replace others recently burnt, the walls being of timber, lath and plaster, covered with stucco, for the greater facility of getting up those fires which are of such frequent occurrence in all Turkish towns. The houses are all of one story only above the basement, shocks of earthquake being occasion- ally felt, and are coloured white or yellow, with here and there attempts to imitate marble. The only edifice at all picturesque in character is the large fountain in the vicinity of the Bezestein, which is of the usual type of Turkish fountains, adorned with in- scriptions and ornaments in gold and colours ; but there is a " run-tö-seed" ' air . about all, the ' Turkish buildings here, ' in per- fect keeping with, tho general dirtiness and squalor of the streets. With a population of several thousand souls, many of whom are Europeans of other nations than Greece/ it is inconceivable that Smyrna and its neighbour- hood should be suffered to remain the head- quarters of all the thieves and assassins of the Archipelago. No one can walk the streets in safety after nightfall, unless armed to tho teeth and carrying a lanthorn, and it is but a short time since the residents at Bournabat, the vil- lage where the richer Europeans have their country houses, woro regular tributaries of Yanni Katergi, a Greek, at the head of a band of about a dozen men. He issued his orders to the Smyrniotes to deposit a given sum at a particular spot and at a specified time',' under pain of hearing further from him ; and* as he was in .communication with the whole body of thieves and receivers" in Smyrna, or in othor words, with, the bulk of the "Greek population there, his orders, were seldom neg- lected. He is now in the bagnio at. Constanti- nople, having surrendered, and will probably be liberated at no'distant period, if he has saved money, and be next heard of as a pacha, or governor of some out cf the way place. Such a career as that of a brigand in Turkey seems to be no bar whatever to a man's chances of rising, and one cannot, therefore, wonder if it is so frequently adopted. Allah Kerina ! the ways of these Turks are unfathomable, and the continuation of the Turkish empire is ono of those puzzles the strangeness of which nothing but personal observation enables one to appre- ciate. 