To the J&lilor; of the BathursT Ifo'ee Press and Mininq Journal. Sib, — I pcrcsivo from '.Thursday's issno 200i. inst. of tho Ruipiie, tlmt in eompliuiieu with tho wish of, tho members of tho Opposition (sup ported as they wcro iu their desire by somo of tlio so-colled liberal mcmbersofllioAssembly)tho oommittulof the Elrotornl Dill which Blood an order of tho dav for Wednesday, tho lOlhMay, was postponed to the following evening, on tho vorv singulur grounds that they- wero not pre pared to go on with tho Bill us they expected, tho llouso would bo occupied tho whole of tho evening with Iho Districts' Courts Bill, and thai consequently they prepared their notes for Iho consideration of that .measure, nnd that thoy (Iho members) would bo taken by surprise if Iho House went into committee on tlio Electoral Bill. Now it seems rather strange that thoso members who voted for the -adjournment of the Bill should urge this as a reason for bo doing, seeing that they did not oppose the adjournment oftho Districts' Courts Bill, for which they hud prepared fheir pnpern, and which, no doubt, cost them an immense amount of ir.cntal labour. And ns tho Electoral Reform Bill has now been before the Assembly and tho country for tho last two months, and as tho present Assembly was called together for Iho express mirposo oi considering an Electoral Bill, I think tho mem bers of tho Assembly ought by this timo lo havo given Olio enid Bill their fullest considera tion. But. no : tho tactics of tho Opposition aro to gain time, and in the hope' of dividing tho liberal interest of Iho AssemWy to bring about a resignation, nnd by theso means defraud the country of its rights. And though such n contingency in tlio present state! of affliir:) is devoutly to bo deprecated, still it is by no means impossible, as it would tnko very littlo to wean some of tho more lukc-wann supporters of tho ministry entirely from them, and eo defeat tlio ends for which tlio Assembly wnscallod together. Indeed tlio conduct of ministers theinsolvcs with respi/rt to this Bill is enough to eroato suspicion in tho minds of their ; wannest snp portcrs, as thoy almost invariably a.iquiesco in every motion for adjournment brought forward by their many opponents. Nny, they have oven gone farther than tho most sanguine of their opponents ever expected, having Btill farther postponed tho committal of tho Bill till 'Wed nesday week i and this, too, in opposition to tho expressed wish of the majority of llio Assembly and tho people out of doors, and in tho face of their own speeches lo the contrary. On tho oponingoftho present Fa7linm?nt, the Assembly and tho country wcro given to understand from tlin *Vi/tn.*I?firrnl Snnmili tliftt. tlin lulsillPSS Of thu Assembly in tho presont. Session would bo ' con finod principally to tho consideration of tlio Electoral Bill, and others of a secondary character, together with tho passing of, tho Estimates. But how have theso professions been carried out ? Why, by giving the , precedence on all occasions to matters of secondary, and often to matters of no importance at nil j and thus delaying tho consideration of tho only measure of real importanco in tlio present utato ofafiuirs. Ofcourse, tho ministers aro awaro that as tlio Assembly is at present constituted, tho liberal portion oftho community cannot do without them, and as their salaries aro going on, it docs not mako much difference to them if tho Electoral Bill never, passes, so that they retain their places. But they must bo. careful that they do not carry this notion too, far, , as tho firmest friendship too often turns into tho bitterest enmity, and as the peoplo might prefer being ruled by straight- forward opponopts than bylukc-warm and insincorefiiends..Butporhnps 'Wily Charlie' may bo haunted by tho ghost of an idea that a reformed and popular Parliament will bo rather too fnBt a team for his slow coach manship, and ho is porhaps anxious to stavo off the evil day when »uch - a contingency' may happen as long as possible. But with all duo respect, I opine, that such a course will ? tend but to accelerate, and not retard the dreaded event. But to return. to tho subject, wo may depend that tlio ten days' respite given to' tho opponents of tho Electoral Bill,; will not bo employed in vain by them. If tho pcoplo do not bestir themselves, wo may expect when the nouse next comes to tho consideration .of tho Electoral Bill, that thoir petitions in favour ; of tho main principles of tho Bill will bo com pletely swamped by tho petitions of tho Con servatives against iU But it is to bo hoped that tho mnjority of tho pcoplo throughout tho colony will not bo so blind to tho sophistries of the Conservatives nnd their own interestsas to sign thoso potitions and stultify themselves as thoy did on a recent occasion, by signing two scpnrato petitions — ono tho antipodes of- tho other. Wo givo a samplo of tho insidious naturo of theso sophistries, by which too many well-minded and simple pcorjio may ,be (jullod. Such as : Aro you in favour of, honc,sf, .indus trious and rcspectablo men exercising. Iho fran chise, to tho exclusion of drunkards, idlers and vagabonds ? ? If you aro, sign this p«tition ngainst manhood suffrage. Aro you opposed to Sydney monopolising the lion's -sliaro of tlio Revenue, and tho interests oftho country dis tricts being completely sacrificed ? If you are, sign this petition against Representation 'on tho principlo of population. Aro you in favour of seeing Englishmen, with that candour so charac teristic of their countrymen cvorywlisrc, going to the poll and recording their votes for tlio candidate of their choica, fearless alik.i of friend or foe t If you arc, sign this petition against the Ballot. Now, although theso sophistries' will not stand the tost of reason or common sense ; still, there aro too many who are better pleased with the rhyme than tho reason, that such people cannot bo too much on- their 'guard against them. There is ono thing morally cer tain, and wliich every poor man in tho colony ought, to bo aware of j that is, if tho Hbuso'of ABScmhlv. an tbn introduction 'of the Land Bill. is not composed of moro popular and less eelf intcrcated individuals than'it is nt present, they may depend upon it tho bulk of the public lands will be thrown into 'the hands of tlio largo capitalists and speculators. It behoves us.lhcn, in tho present critical state of affaire, to watch the proceedings of our public men with on Argun eye, and not to sink into an apathy worthy of tho effeminato Eastern serfs on this 'momentous, occasion— tho' turning point of our history. It ecems then, after nil, from a paragraph in 'the Thunderer (God save Iho'mark), that the, feel ings of a great majority of ' tho inhabitants of BathUrst havo been misunderstood with respect to Manhood Suffrage; and is proposed to call a, public meeting by daylight, in order to ascertain their real views on that subject, as it, appears tho Conservatives think tho late public - meeting held on tho subject was too much of a holo and corner proceeding. It is to bo hoped, however, that they will carry out their idea, and if they should jib, I trust somo of our liberals will carry it out for them ; and on that occasion let the people convince the Conservatives in this dii trict,' that they mean to have tlioir rights. To concludqintho langungo oftho Empire, . tho peoplo out of doors whose interests uroso largely concerned must not bo idle. If they do not nmko thoir voices heard now, they will have no right hereafter to .complain, if thoir interests stiller. Let them meet nndpotitionfor theUill, the whole Bill, and nothing but tlio Bill— the national prayer which wrung the Reform Bill of 1832 from tho Aristocracy of Iinglaud. '' Iain Sir, : . : ???? -.' ; : .; .... Yours, ifcc, -...; .; ,\ -,;.' . ,''?.'. ,' .' ' RICHARD CQLBRAN. ,- May 21, 1858. ', ? ,, ,.; ,;.,., ;. ,..., v 