Parliament grows in vice as it grows older ; and it seems to become more incurable as it approaches its termination. That is to say, if it is to terminate ; for, last night, it appeared to have taken out a fresh talking license, and to be going in for other twelve months of the same interminable palaver that we have h-td for so xnany months back. Those who hoped to see it mend its ways beforo giving up tho ghost, must confess themselves disappointed. The two main points discussed, last night, were the Mail Contract, and the Adamsonian Martyrdom. The mail question 4was brought forward by Mr Forlonge, who proposed two resolutions condemnatory of the mode in which the contract has been carried, and suggest ing to the Home Government that, if not better observed, it shjuld be annulled. 'The new Postmaster-General ' was the mouthpiece of the Government, and made his first essay at statesmanship. Anxious to do the diplomatic, he tried a deliberate manner of speaking, and was so successful in falling into tho haw-haw style that he thought the resolutions too strong, and thought that ono resolution would be strong enough without two, being evidently under the impression that his despatch upon the subject would command the direct atten tion of Her most gracious Majesty herself, and that he must put his kid gloves on for the occasion. Mr O'Shanassy was still mdre kid glovish and haw-hawish ; did not see the use of either of the resolutions ; should be con tent with the mail service as it is ; and if we lost it, what should we do without it 1 Hero at length was evidence of a Government policy upon something — a common policy — a policy of ' how not to do it' — a strong policy upon the wrong aido of a very palpable question. The House was evidently dissatisfied. Michib, Moore, and Greeves went in for 'indignation' resolutions. Chapman, believing that it was his duty to go through the usual routine of the AttorneyGe neral's office, opposed tho resolution as too strong, and imagined ho was doing the diplo matic wisely by showing that he could recon cile himself to moderation in mail speed as easily as to free selection on the Prahran plat form. But it was of no use. The House was evidently not so kid-glovish as was anticipated. One member only of the Ministry seemed to perceive what was hidden from his wise and prudent colleagues. So, after he felt the pulse of the House, Mr Duffy rose and said that he, for ono, agreed with the resolutions ; hoped ' his hon. friend, the Postmaster-General, ' would coincide with him ; and that the reso lutions would be passed unanimously ! Mr. Duffy managed this manoeuvre with great skill; extricated his 'hon. friend' from the bog in which he was floundering ; and quietly inti mated to tho entire bench of ministers that they must without another word of opposition, remonstrance, or explanation, submit themselves j to his guidance — which they did. Mr Haines, seeing that he hadan opportunity of making tho pill a little moro bitter for them to swallow, sar castically appealed to Ministers not to oppose what was so reasonable. Mr. O'Shanassy called impatiently for the question to be put add it wa3 carried without dissent ! Onlookers, whispered that Mr. Duffy was the master spirit of the administration. The other question was the Adamsonian grievance. Mr. Michie opened mildly. Mr. Ireland replied in a long speech, which it was impossible to report, and great part of which we found it impossible to comprehend. Wo refer to his comments upon the ejaculations and interruptions that were continually going on. Some of these interruptions and scenes wero truly Gregsoniau. Mr. Fellows said that ho would apply the term ' ruffianly con duct ' to the Government, if Parliamentary -a would allow him. Mr. Michie and Mr. -'vc the lie backward and forward ♦imes. At one of Mr. Chapman — -nd called out for at least a dozen *- ' it ' Michie's statements Mr. lRr.u— ' It is falsa, and the hon. member knu.. After that, tliey all, with one 'accord, on both sides of the House, began to use 'American- ism,' and like the Pharisee in tho parable, to congratulate themselves that tjioy were not as those Yankees, Into the merits of the case we have not ? 1. ? t-_ -ur- Tnpr ? -jr- r-li nr.1P hArisftd Mr umo 10 uuLer. vli ....... — ? _ Adamson's appointment as ' a job,' and so it was ; but he did not place his dismissal on this footing. He dismissed him on one ground, aud defended tho dismissal on another. Mr Duffy mado a long speech, elucidating the elementary principles of responsible Govern ment in their application to official subordinates, which only went to prove the opposite of what he wished— namely, that- they had not been applied in Mr Adamson's case. Two officers came under the 'infamous minute' — Mr Adamson and Mr Colin Campbell. Mr Campbell, it was announced, bowed to tho ? ? ? ? ? ^^4 ^77/v-/t »tl frt KnW yoke, air auaaisuji was iw ™ to the yoke, but wa3 dismissed. As for the rest of the business, it wa3 astonishing to see how much dirt professed gentlemen could throw at each other, and deplorable to find that Grcgsonism i3 rapidly becoming fashion able, and possibly respectable in the Victorian Parliament. We suggested in a recent article the judi ciousness of a commission endowed with funds and land for the importation of useful varieties of foreign animals, with a view to their naturali sation and propagation here. The introduction of valuable species of animal and vegetablo life, suitable but not existent in it, should be one of the public duties in every country, particularly in a new one. We want on this continent alpacas for their highly prized wool; camels for thejexploration of the Interior, and after wards for communication across the deserts between the different countries of future Australia, Wc need the deer and the antelope, not only to beautify by their presence the parks and wild lands within Victoria, but that they may increase and multiply over the unknown wastes now monopo lized by the kangaroo, and a3 in America and South Africa, that they may furnish food and employment for our future hunters. i The doubtful fate of poor Coclthart, Mr Babdage:s expedition so far, as well as all former explorations, exhibit the dangers and hardships attendant on the penetration of our deserts, with the help of horses and bullocks. There seems to be a^prejudice in South Australia against the camel, based on the apprehension that the foot of that animal would prove unsuitable for the desert soil here, from its dissimilarity with the sands of Arabia and the Sahara. AVe do not share this theory. There have been many erroneous ideas about the aptitudes of the samel, all of a purely theoretical cast, some of which have been already dissipated by a more intimate acquaintance with his habits. For ex ample, it was supposed, from his capability of travelling so long without a fresh supply of water, and from the streamless character of his native countries, that a river would prove an impassable obstacle to his journeying. This notion has been completely refuted since his introduction into California, where droves of ladon camels swim broad rivers with as little reluctance a3 horses or oxen. And as to his foot not suitingour dosorts, it encounters 110 difficulty in the American ones, which are stoney and interspersed with prickly plants, and which, in pointoffact, partake lessofthe nature of his native dessrts, than d - our own ; where ' the hot wind' whirls tho sand on its wings like the Arabian and African Simoom. Moreover, all Arabia is not simple sand, for while a second section of that peninsula has a fertile soil, a third one, Arabia Petite a (which embraces the ancient land of Edom and the ruin3 of great cities) possesses an eminently stoney surface. It seems to us that this South Australian theory is a mere fallacy. At any rate, the matter should obtain a careful investigation, and if such should result, as we havo every riason to believe it would, in proving the camel suitable for Austra lia, it ought to be introduced without delay. Ilia swiftness, patience, endurance, his power of dis pensing with a fr jh supply of water and of living on a trifling quantity of the coarsest food, all constitute him ' tho ship of the desert,' and no land embracing deserts in its area should dis pense with his precious services. And while on this subject of exploration it may not be amiss to allude, as we alluded some months ago, to the neglect of geographical observation which has cha racterised the selection of the proposed routes for some of those expeditions. It ha3 been pro po3ed, for instance, to send an expedition across the continent from east to we3t under the lino of the tropic ! Such would surely be the most un promising route in all Australia. Unless mountains intervened, the entire line of travel would be an arid desert. Such is the law of nature in other parts of the globe. The regions beneath the tropic.9 are rainless, and consequently the plains deprived of all moisture have become arid deserts; but where mountains arise, the clouds they col lect create dew, which fertilises t'le neighbor ing country. All the great deserts of the globe are concentrated beneath the tropics — those of tho Sahara, of Arabia, of Belo-jchistan, of ISorth America, of Chaco in South America, the Karro in South Africa. While the regions of Chili, Quito, &c.;, rainless from the same c.iu-je. are pre served in freshness and fertility by the presence of lofty ranges of mountains. But to return to the subject of animal impor tation, how has it happened that that domestic quadruped, the ass, so very useful and so very common elsewhere, has not been popularise! here? We must not judge of the ass by the specimens we only beheld in tho British islands. Though so hardy, his original and proper climate is a warm one, and he degenerates in any other. Ia all warm countries he is a fine spirited creature, a great contrast indeed to the ditninu- I tive miserable beast I10 appears in an uncoa | genial atmosphere. The Spanish a3s i3 almost as tall a3 a 'cob' hor3e, has delicate points, a small and well- shaped head, sleek coat, and sprightly air. In Arabia and Persia there aro particular breeds of this animal which fetch enor mous prices ; and tho wild ass, from h:s courage, strength and swiftness, is a subject of the chase reserved for princes. By securing a good breed of the animal in the first instance, the dry and sunny Australian climate would enable us to perpetuate a largo and spirited variety. | animn!, ? importation of foreign animals has never received in any country the P-ibhc attention it merited, sinco the days of the Komansjand then they were only introduced I for tho «wage objects of the amphitheatre. In ''at utilitarian day it is singular that a the pre-,- national importance should be mitter of so mucn »»_. . until now forsaken everywhere pnva'e cntor' prise. The American Government hava, »l0^cv?r, made a movement in this direction, by the intro duction of camels and lamas ; and surely as those quadrupeds would beso useful to us, we also might have State-aid for so important a public purpose. 