CITY ELECTION MEETING.7 Mbssbs. Cowper, Campbell, and "Wilshibb, three of the oity candidates, held a meeting last evening at the Robin Hood Inn, Son h'Head Road, in pursuance j of advertisement, i Mr. Carlyle having been appointed! chairman, the candidates and their friends adjourned to the balcony, where they were present to a street gathering,.which at length numbered about a thousand persons. The meeting was mote noisy than enthu- siastic. Mr. Maxwell enquired, from amongst the crowd, why Mr. Dalley was absent, and whether he was willing to be again put in nomination. Mr. Flood replied that'he believed it was Mr, Dalley's intention to appear before them, when he would be best able to speak for himself. The Chaiehan said Mr. Dalley was absent on par- ticular business, and there was no doubt of his appear- ing before the electors in due course. Mr. Flood entreated the people to give.the candi- dates a fair hearing. The Chaibman said he had no doubt the statements to he offered would prove satisfactory. Many reporta had been circulated which were quite un'rue ; but the principles of the men who have sought to explain them- selves wera those of progress and liberalism, and must at length be so regarded. He begged to introduce Mr. Cowper. Mr. Cowper was received with muoh cheering. He said that, having now for fourteen years been a repre- sentative of the people of this colony, it was hardly necessary that he should Eve an expression of his principles ¡cause he was prepared to stand by the same prin- ciples as had ever guided him. There were, no doubt, occasions when explanations were necessary, and it was on this account that opportunities were afforded the constituents. He therefore appeared now to de- fend the course he had taken. He might appeal to the labours of the past, and to every vote he had given in the "Assembly, and to labours by night and äff, when interests moral and social were sacrified, and those who were seeking their suf- frages were making their fortunes ; but without fur- ther remark he would explain, and he would appeal to every act during the time he had held office, under circumstances under which it was never before held in the colony, to show that he had never been actuated by personal or private motives. One of the chief objections urged was that he had not brought forward an Electoral Law. No individual, in or out of the House, more de- sired electoral reform than he did. He would refer to his speech in which he exposed the working of the present electoral law, and declared the reasons why he wished it to be amended ; and he could show therein the reasons why he sought to get a bill passed. He bad endeavonred to obtain for them that electoral reform which they were now endeavouring; to secure, but had been overruled in the effort to bring forward his measure, and thoa« who over-ruled him were Mr. Jones and Mr. Parkes. Then, Mr. Forster having undertaken to bring forward electoral reform, it was left in his hands, When, however, a league was afterwards formed, Mr. Forster took exception to some points and would not act with it. He (Mr. Cowper) had been a member of that league, and though there had been some diffi- culty against it, he believed the time would come when it would be successful. There had, also, been a Land League formed, but he confessed his sympathies were more with the Electoral Reform League. Those who had come forward in connection with the latter would not be likely to prove inconsistent. When his Ministry came into power they considered whether it would be possible to carry any measure of electoral reform. They Anew they would have the liberal co- operation of Mr. Jones and his colleagues, but they hid to meet at a fixed date, and, considering it not worth their while to attempt the introduction of such a measure as was desirable, they decided to take up what they considered of immediate importance, that was the LandBill. The mail communicating despatches announcing the Royal assent to the two-thirds clause did not arrive until two or three dava before they met Parliament ; and he asked, would it have been judicious, or could'they have defended such a course, to have said they were waiting, and could not- bring forward any measure of importance on account of a' mail's non-arrival ? No Ministry that bad preceded them had ever had the courage to bring forward an Electoral Bill. There certainly was a bill found in type ; but which the Government never brought forward. (Interruptions.) The Cowper Ministry prepared the Land Bill which had been discussed and so mnch abused ; and. the country would now li-vo .-. opportunity of c_pies8ius their opinions. He appealed to them whether there was one provision of that bill which was inconsistent with his previous views. In 1844, he was chairman of a-committee which sup- plied to Mr." Lowe information whioh he turned to such good account, and which made him so popular. Did not Mr. Donaldson, Mr. Lowe, and Mr. Wentworth ap- prove of the reduction which he recommended ? One of the strongest reasons given by Mr. Wentworth against the land regulations was the fallacy of the high price of land. No doubt the price of land was the pernicious feature in the squatting system. He was not going to enter into a crusade against the squatting system, because he believed it tended to the advantage of the community. (Fierce disapprobation ) He thought capital must have ita free exercise. (Con- tinued disfavour.) If the Land Bill they proposed was so favourable to the squatters, why did they show it so much malignant oppositiou? Of the seven squatters who gave their votes against the bill, two or three held a quarter of a million of acres, whilst two held a million acres each. (A voice : " Fut a tax on them.") Did the person who said that suppose the squatters would tax themselvesÎ With regard to the prohibitory price, he (Mr, C.) held, as he had done for fourteen years, that to give the squatters leases for fourteen years was to confise i te the lands to the squatters, and give them a right they »ought not to have. He defended the proposed arrangement for classification of the lands, and pointed to the necessity of it, as instanced in the case of the Twofold Bay Pastoral Company's purchases in the Bega district a company consisting of Messrs. Tooth, Manning, and outers. What took place there ? The land was valued at £1 per acre, and then they ran up the poor man to £8 or £9 per acre. He believed that if the bill had been passed with the classification clause, it would have worked with satisfaction to the colony. (Cries of "No, no.") What s had been said - against it i ("Nothing ' bad enough.") By the op- posite principle the land was to be taken, surveyed or unsurveyed. Now he was prepared to give every possible facility for the occupation of the land, so that It should not be prohibitory. At the present moment the Government had demands from every part of the country for lands, but they had no means of getting the surveys executed, or of determin- ing new townships ; and they might depend upon it they would not be able to get these abuses corrected unless improved powers were given to the Parliament. With reference to the departments, a great dead had to be done for their effectual remodelling ; and he thought if a liberal Government, having experience in the affairs of government, were allowed two years for the development of useful measures, matters would assume by that time a very different condition. He was favourable to an increase of members to 70. An increase to 100 would be preposterous. He believed the really correct principle of the suffrage was that which obtained in South Australia. He referred to the resignation of his colleague Mr. Jones, compli- menting bim in the highest terms, and announced that on Monday next Mr. Robert Campbell would enter upon the duties of Secretary to the Treasury. In answer to Mr. White, Mr. Cowfbb said he was not prepared to do away with the auction system. To another enquiry as to whether he would be prepared to pass the Land Bill in its entirety, Mr. Cowper answered that either be or some one else must introduce a Land Bill, which would be subject to modification as the House should determine ; and it might be that, if left to other hands, the measure would not be so liberal as the late one.' Mr. Campbell, amidst a deal of noise and irregular applause, addressed the meeting, principally in refer- ence to the justice of the measure recommending the reduction of the price of land to 6s., and was greeted with three cheers at the conclusion. Mr. Wilshibb spoke at considerable length, and received a fair hearing. He mainly defended his past political career, and asserted himself in a higher position in the popular estimation that at any former period.. Three hearty cheers were given him at the close of his speech. Mr. Cowpee apologised for the absence of Mr. Dalley, and stated he would duly make his appearance before the day of nominati in. _ Mr. B. James then proposed the following resolu- tion:-"That this meeting recognises the valuable services of ¿he late members for this city, Messrs. Cowper, Campbell, Wilshire, and Dalley, In the cause of reform,' and pledges itself to use its utmost exertions to secure their re-election." Mr. James _aving spoken to the resolution briefly, it was seconded in a short speeoh by Mr. B. Stewart. The meeting had previously numbered abont a thou- sand persons, but many had retired, and an accession of Ïonths appeared, when Mr. C. G. Rbid presented imself on the balcony, and after meeting with a tormy and continued resistance to his efforts to make himself heards * " ' ' ^ Mr. Flood begged the meeting would hear Mr. Reid. Mr. Reto then proposed as an amendment, "That in consequence of their course in respect of the Land Bill, Messrs. Cowper and Campbell do not merit the confidence of the electors." The amendment received a considerable number of supporters, bnt the original resolution was declared, on being submitted, to be carried. Mr. J. G. White then addressed the crowd, stand- ing in their midst, and the meeting began to disperse about half-past ten. Ccntbal Pomos Doubt.-The Bemm at this Court was occupied by the Right Worshipful the Mayor and the Police Magistrate. Ten drunkards were admonished, and discharged ; three others, who to drunkenness had added obscenity, were severally sen- tenced to pay 20s., or to be imprisoned seven days. A man, named Cullen, was fined 20s. for having assaulted his wife. A thargo of assault waa postponed until Tuesday next. APPOINTMENTS. - Patrick John Murray, Esq., has been appointed police magistrate for the police district of Eden; Henry Baylis, Esq., to be police magistrate for the police district of Wagga Wagga ; Thomas Brown, Esq., to be police magistrate for the police district of Hartley ; and Mr. John Scully to be clerk of Petty Sessions at Dubbo. Dsniuquin and Shoalhaven.-By a proclamation published in a Supplement to Tuesday's fforcriiintiii Gazette, the boundaries of the Registry Districts of Deniliquin and Shoalhaven, as far as relates to tho Act of Council 10 Victoria, No. 31, inlitnled "An Act for Registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages," have been altered as follows .--Deniliquin. In the Murrumbidgee squatting district ; bounded on the east by a direct line from Werinmunah, or Woorc's Hill, near tho Murray River, to tho confluence of tho Colombo and Billabong Creeks (which may be assumed to be a north line), excluding Mr. Atkins' run on the Billabong, and in- cluding Messrs. Osborne's run on the Colombo, and Pepper's run on tho Vaneo; on the north by the back or northern boundary of all the runs fronting on the Yanco and Billabong, to the north- west corner of Hindmarsh's, now Innes', Wanganilly run ; on tho west by the western boundary of that run bearing southerly across the Billabong to tho northern bounda-y of Gwynne'« Barratta run, thence by that boundary, and the western boundary of Barratta, and the western boundary of Qwynne's Werai Run, to its south-west corner, thence by a direct line to the i confluence of the Merribul Creek and Wakool River, thence by the Merribul Creek to Thule Creek, and by Thule Creek to ita outorcak from tho Murray River ; thence on the south by a line bearing easterly from the outbreak of Thule Creek with the Mur- ray River, to the north-west corner of the Redbank Reserve (No. 74) on Gulpa Creek, thence by the north boundary of the Redbank Reserve and its easterly extension to the Edward River; by the Edward River to the Murray River ; and by the Murray River upwards to a point south of Woore's Hill, and thence by a direct line to Woore's Hill.-Moama. In the Murrumbidgee squatting district ; bounded on the north by a Uno bearing easterly, from the outbreak of Taulo Creek, from the Murray River to the north- west corner of the Redbank Reserve (No. 74) on Gulpa Creek ; thence by the north boundary of that reserve and its easterly ex- tension to the Edward River ; and by the Edward River to tho Murray River ; and on the remaining sides by tho Murray River downwards to the outbreak of Thule Creek aforesaid. Shoalhaven. Embracing the south-eastern portion of tho county of Camden, and the northern portion of tho county of St, Vincent; bounded on the north by the Crooked River and a Uno duo west from tho head of that river to the Kaugaroo River, by the Kangaroo River downward to the Shoalhaven River, and by that river upward ; on the west by the Shoalhaven Rlvsr upward to a point about .miles south of the confluence of Weirimunga Creek ; on the south by tho range forming- the northern water- shed of Endrick Blvar, and the range dividing the waters of Con Jolo Creek from those of St. Georgo's Basin, to the Red Head on the sea coast ; and on tho east by the sea to the Crooked River aforesaid. - Ulladulla. Embracing a portion of the county of St. Vincent ; bounded on the north from Red Head on the sea coast by the range dividing the waters of Conjola Creek from those of St. George's Basin, to the range dividing the waters of the Shoal- haven River from those of the sea coast ; on the west and south by tho range dividing the waters of the Shoalhaven River from those of the sea coast and the Plgeon-honso Range, to the head of Pigeon-house Creek; thenoo by a line south-easterly toTobooree on the sea coast, about 7 miles southerly from ulladulla ; and on the east by the sea to Red Head aforesaid. Rota- Victobia Theat««.-The extravaganzas of the En- chanted Isle, and Beauty and the Beast, have formed the prin- cipal attractions during the week. Jonathan Bradford, and tho Christmas Carols, have also been brought out to the evident delight of a numerous class belonging to the patrons of dramatic representations. IVrcxmu Thbatbs. - The San Francisco Minstrels. - The amusements provided by this troups of serenaders have consisted of a succession of novelties, musical, terpalohorean, and pantomimic The dancing of Messrs, Demerest and Burbank is nightly encored, and the vocal parts of the entertainments aro well supported by Messrs. Boley, Foans, Florence, Burbank, and Leslie. The new panto- mime, entitled Sam Patchlno, alfords ample opportunities for the exercise of that peculiar talent possessed in so eminent a degree by Mr. G. W. Demerest. The ballet performances of this gentle- man aro as light and graceful as those of a feminine proficient ia the " poetry of motion." Punce of Wales Theatre-Tire Pantomime.-Christmas and pantomime are so closely associated as to be deemed by some parties-particularly the juvenile population-as almost insepa- rable. Although burlesque and extravaganza have at times threatened to usurp the place of pantomime, thousands of tiny voices gladly utter a protest against the attempted innovation, and cheer most heartily clown, pantaloon, harlequin, and colum- bine. And it cannot be denied that pantomime has outUved many of the glories peculiar to this festive season, as observed by our ancestors. For example, the Yule log no longer sheds it* light over tho happy Inmates of the quaint, cosy, and thoroughly English mansion. The wassail bowl is spoken of as something belonging to the past, and even the simple story which, by the winter's hearth, old gossips told, is deemed too slow and frivolous for this our learned age. Poor Jack the Giant Killer, and dear funny Gulliver, are no lqn«r..be]teved: and tho panting fire h"-.; -r ,t.v kumaon« ana the cieotno wire o» &e; -icLrauu have frightened from those glens and gloomy places tabled as haunted all and every description, of ghost and goblin. And yet. «at only does pantomime live, nut In fa old ago u t-.iv«*, ¡~_ becomes ubiquitous, following Its eountrymen to the land of their adoption. It has emigrated to Australia, and appears to luxuriate in Its new home. To the enterprise of Mr. Joseph Wyatt, and to the energy and abiUty of Mr. R T. Osborne, the inhabitants of this city, were presented on Saturday last with an excellent pantomlue entitled Harlequin Sinbad the tailor, or the Inhabitants of the Moon. Since to criti- cise a production of this description is to divest it of half Its inte- rest, it may be absurd that the piece was completely successful, and that during the week many thousands, including, among others, his Excellenoy Sir William Denison, Lady Denison and family, have visited this theatre. The piece is replete with fun and merriment, and unflagging interest ; trick and transforma- tion followed eaoh other in rapid succession-the clown (Mr. Osborne) keeps np his spirits to the fall of the curtain, on the tableau of the "Realms of Light." Every-scene ends with a general melee,-the dog Jonathan goes through a polka with his master-some of the best feats of the Wizard Jacobs aro effectively introduced aa adjuncts to the plew, and the clever little orchestra, ably led by Mr. J. Gibbs, plays unceasingly, assisting, and that greatly, in sustain- ing the spirit of the production, and bringing it to a successful termination. The Murray Cod-Perch.-A few days ago (says the Age), we reported the attempt of a number of gen- tlemen of Ballaarat to take means for the introduction of the Gystes Peeli, or Murray River cod-perch, to Lakes Burrambeet and Learmonth. Since this, we see the Eastern Oouncil is also moving in the matter ;? there being on the business paper a notice of a motion to the effect that £25 be granted from this munici- pality's funds for the promotion of the scheme. Our contemporary, white acknowledging the vast impor- tance of the scheme, disputes the necessity of raising funds for the purpose, and shows very conclusively that wtyle time is wasted in raising money it ia in the power of any public spirited person to bring over in baskets, properly supplied with humid moss, a suffi- cient number of fish to stock the lakeB. This may be all very true, but if funds are raised for the purpose, there is greater cer- tainty of success, and it would be well that a matter of so great importance should not he left to private effort, whatever honour and glory might attach to the individual. We append the following judioious remarks of a contemporary :-" On the importance «f the operation contemplated it is not necessary that we should enlarge. Everybody knows that there is too much butcher's meat used in the colony, and every one knows also bow difficult it is to find a substitute for I it. Mutton and beef are abundant, and reasonably oheap : fish, eggs, frujLtg, vegetables, te, are scarce and dear, and every step towards the removed of the inconvenience involved ia a great benefit conferred on the public. Fish is the beBt alterative food that we can nave. It is moderately nutritious, and in a high degree agreeable to the palate, and it is only required to be cheap and abundant to enter largely into the people's food. And cheap and abundant it may easily become if we simply use the means laying ready to our hands. There are within a few miles of ub magnificent lakes at present most meagrely stocked with fish, and by introdnning into those a few families of prolific, quick-growing, and wholesome kinds, we will bs creating an incal- culable amount of food for the inhabitants of the dis- trict, two or three years hence. We may say creating, and we are almost justified in our use of the word, so slight are the means necessary to be used when com- pared with the end to be attained. To permit those sheets of water to lie waste, when we have it in our power to render them productive, is shameful remiss ness ; and we hail with the utmost pleasure the pros- pect of their becoming so at an early date. After the first trifling expense has been incurred the fish drawn from the lake will cost nothing but the trouble of taking them. They will leave and increase, grow, and fatten, upon the sub-aqueous vegetation and insects of the lakes and upon each other, and to fail to use such sources of profit would be as great wastefulness aa to permit luxuriantly grassed plains to remain without flocks." 