THE START OF A PHANTOM. (FROM TAIT'S MAGAZINE.) THE era are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamed of in our philosophy,-Shakepcare, I have hitherto been known among my friends as a man little inclined to give implicit credence to, and more inclined to dispute sceptically concerning, the doctrine of supernatural appearances, which, I confess?, too often resolve themselves into mere freaks played off on towards by imagination, to the beguiling of reason and the creation of superstition. I know that there is a bitter saying, now-a-days, that " a man should believe nothing that he hears, and only half of what he sees ; " that may be a safe rule in a few isolated cases ; it is undoubtedly foolish in more. Periculosum est credere, el non wonder, said the fabulist Phrcdrus of old. It is equally difficult to draw the line where credence should commence and disbelief should stop. I am not about to enter into any lengthy disquisition in the manner of Provost, or Mrs. Crowe (of "Night Side of Nature" celebrity); I do not wish unnecessarily to waste your patience on nice subtleties, as to how far a wise man's belief in the appearance of disembodied spirits here may justly extend. Imagination in these cases may do much towards " o'er informing this tenement of clay " of ours, as Shakspeare says ; an unhealthy condition of the brain, and so, of the optic nerve, may do more ; but I take it he will be a bold person who shall venture to deny in toto that such appearances may have taken place. The observation of Dr. Johnson, which I have quoted, should here recur to the reader. From the earliest ages there has always been a belief in such appearances ; from the days when a spirit passed before" Job in the visions of the night," to the days when the spirit of the dead Samuel appeared to the conscience- stricken Saul in the cave of the Witch of Endor; from the days when the enlightened Socrates believed in his "Daimon," or " Guardian Angel," to the eve of the battle, when the apparition appeared to Brutus with that unforgotten, "I shall meet thee again at Philippi ;" down to the date of the thousand and one weird manifestations which have taken place, according to some in our own century-a belief in their reality has existed. With the vulgar stories of clanking of chains, and other unreasonable antics of soi-disant ghosts, I have nothing to do. The narration in which I propose to prove that "there are" indeed more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy," is in nowise connected with the " Eaw-head-and-bloody-bones " stories of our childhood. I do not believe that spirits come from their spiritual abodes, wherever and whatever such may be, merely to frighten old women and children, or to throw down chairs and tables, rap upon articles of household fur- inside, and commit excesses for which any embodied being would assuredly be voted mod. and consigned to Bedlam ; but this much I do devoutly believe that when there ECCLES a good reason for an appearance, such appearances have been, and that I have reasons for that belief my tale will show. That implicit credence will be granted by all my readers to the tale I shall tell, is as unlikely as the tale seems improbable: at least, however, I hope that such charity will be extended to me, as is awarded to men making strange statements when there appears to be no selfish motive in the making of them, and no earthly profit accruing from their setting forth, And benedictine assure my readers, that as a "spiritualist" in the New York table-turning g " acceptation of the term, but a plain man of this nineteenth century, with no pre- dilection whatever for the mystical Ger manisms of the last. I am willing to believe that the eye may be mistaken, took the ear may err, and that imagination may in such cases often override fact; but when I see reason for an appearance, combined closely with that appearance, I am a sceptic no longer. It happened that in the year 1857, in the month of December, I was the sole tenant of a large rambling house in the most desolate - loosing square in London, the real name of which is not essential to my tale, Why I was sole tenant, without even the company of a single servant in the house to enliven me, may be briefly explained. That house was rented by my family, and they being unable for some time to take possession, acceded to my proposal that I should sleep there. It was 10 o'clock when I first took up my sleeping quarters at the square. My furniture only consisted of three chairs, a deal table, a truckle bed, a looking-glass, and an old clock. The room I chose for my domicile, was at the back on the ground-floor, and faced a slip of ground, called by courtesy a garden, which was partly paved with green old tesselated pavement, and partly overgrown with rank grass. The house had stood empty for some time, and the walls were damp, and slugs and snails disported in the kitchen fireplace; the long, large, lofty rooms were without a particle or furniture of anykind.and the footfalls sounded louder than was agreeable during my nightly inspection of the place. With the aid, however, of a few books, a stock of tobacco and pipes, combined with the solace of a blazing fire, which roared away merrily up a chimney wider than three of those in our de- generate days, I managed to fancy myself tolerably easy, and to feel resigned to my lonely lot. During the first hour or two of my first night's tenancy, I blush to confess, I did feel as though the company of a friend would have been a great desideratum. And thus my first night, second, third, and fourth passed away in monotony. On the fifth and sixth night friends looked in, and a joviolparty we made round the fire. The dock struck li, 12, 1 and still we sat lustily carolling " Auld Lang Syne," and other cheery duties, till the long-deserted rooms of the old house rang to the echo. It was a little lonely, perhaps, when I said Goodnight to myfriends.and candle in hand, escorted them to the door, slammed it with a heavy jar, which resounded through the house like thunder, and retired to my den for the night. On the seventh night I sat before my fire alone. Silence reigned throughout the old Square- there is no thoroughfare and so nothing, save an occasional rumbling of a distant cab, relieved the drowsiness of the place. Did none of my readers ever feel a certain degree of ennui, a craving for something to do, and yet, all the while the craving, was making them discontented, a moral conviction, that by no possibility, even could the wished for something be obtained, could they set about doing, and leave their cosy oim-chairs!to do it? Such a feeling, hard to describe to any yet common to all, was mine on the night of the 11th December, 1857. And be, in despair at having nothing better to occupy my time, I fell into a reverie. I had a friend whose memory on that same night " sat heavy at my soul." In the wild days of boyhood we two had been inseparable : we were both boys fond of reading, and many a knotty disquisition held we on metaphysics in days gone by long ere all the glorious dreams of boyhood led for the most part to disappointment and self contempt. We had been second Pythias and Damon in those dear days; and why not now? A few bitter words, a month's coldness, and then the friendships our boyhood melted away into nought but a mere formal bowing acquaintance and so we parted, and went each on his worldly way. I heard little more of my friend, save at intervals only, and then all that I did hear was by no means to his ad- i allege. He had come into some property, had lost much of it in the pursuit of dissipa- tion, and had become nothing better, after all, than a worthless man about town. I had met him occasionally, and, as we passed each other with a bow, I was grieved to see the change visible in him. All the freshness of boyhood had vanished from the brow still young; the eye seemed restless now, and told of hidden disquiet, ill veiled under a reckless exterior. And then, while I was sadly thinking of all these things, "achangecameoerthespintofmydream,"and I pictured him to myself as I saw him once in a debtor's prison. I had been there to see a man of whom I knew but very little, and that visit was out of good-nature and pity more than for any other reason and there I saw my friend again. Under the loud laugh, and the more reckless air than ever, I could see the old disquiet still. He had been meant by nature for something better than a hope- less youé; he had marred goodly prospects, and exchanged true friends for false; had learned to sneer down everything that is good and noble in manhood. And he knew it well, and cursed himself all the while. I remembered all the bitter episodes of his life. The recollections were so sad I strove to shift them; I could not, they were too vivid in all their painfulness ; I could not stifle recollection then believe me I cannot now. In striving to forget all the little thoughts of this man's memory, I bethought me of my old reBQurce, reading. I took up a book, and read for a while patiently-but it would not do. Memory was ever present. I turned over the leaves. and my eye fell upon some pencilling on the margin. That penciling was some boyiSh poetry, addressed to me years before by him in the fervor of his friend- ship, and I saw the signature " Arthur L-- " just then with more pain than you would give a man, who had seen somewhat of the world, credit for now. Then I thought of all the evenings he and I had spent together in my? study at-School, land of our long discussions there. A favorite topic with us boys then was the doctrine of supernatural appearances : he was a devout believer, and I a sceptic then. I termed all his cited instances of supernatural appearances cases of mere optical delusions. My opinion has, however, greatly changed since then. I remember well a discussion we had the night before we finally left school; it turned on the old subject. After a long argument L- said, much like the following words : "To make personal matter of it-listen to me, 3--, for we may not meet again, you know. It I can appear to you at my death, I will Do you make the same promise." I did comply with this strange fancy of his nay more, we two enthusiastic friends actually drew out a pen-and-ink contrast to that effect, which I found yesterday in my desk; we signed it, said good night, went to our borne the next morning, and only met as friends once again after this. And that strange contract remained in my desk, half forgotten till the 11th of December, 1857, when I But in this lonely old house. I could not sit up all night causing as the hours flew by, at my fireside. I retired to bed -sought sleep for a while in vain. At last I fell into that kind of sleep in which one can bear almost anything with his eyes slumber sealed. I heard the clock's monotonous tick, tick, tick, and then started as it stopped for a second with a jerking " wherever" ere it struck the hour twelve. And then I fell for a few minutes, off into my doze again. I had put my candle out, yet there was light enough for me, when awake, to have seen anything in the room, for the fire burned brightly. Have none of my readers, when they have been lying down half asleep, half awake, ext perceived that strange, unaccountable feeling of the presence of some one else in the room, even though they could hear nothing, and had their eyes closed ? I felt that sensation. With a start I roused once more rubbed my eyes, looked hastily round, but nothing could I see, The fire gleamed brightly over the white face of the book, which told me the time 25 minutes past 12. I felt satisfied that fancy alone had wrought the feeling alluded to. I lay back again, and closed. The same oppressive feeling returned. I fancied it must: be (for I was not asleep, I remember the ' nightmare. With one vigorous effort I started up in bed rubbed my eyes and was wide awake. I looked at the clock-the time was 26 minutes to 1 And then I saw a tall figure chesed exactly as a bad last Been Arthcc L-- before the fire, gazing intently at me. I I am not ashamed to confess that, for the moment, I was completely scared out of my Pen eyes, so to speak. But seeing the figure did not move-and, besides, did not look so very ghost- like, I thought it must be my fancy,, or possibly the man himself who had got into the house in some way. But a second's reflection contradicted the latter surmise. He did not even know where I had lived of late WOR still more unlikely to guess that I should have changed my abode from the street to the square and could have no object, even had he known my address, in calling so much out of time. Still the figure moved not, and gazed intently at me on I set up in bed; so I felt, what in the circumstances was legitimate, cold perspiration streaming through every pore of my body. " It must be a burglar," thought I in despera- tion, glad even to clutch at this idea as a , relief from my dread of the unearthly. So thinking, I seized, the poker, placed at my bells head, as my only weapon, and leaped out of bed. The figure simultaneously dis- appeared 1 How it had vanished I knew not. "It must be a burglar," thought my miserable self, once more. I reached the two closets, tried the lock of my door, and that of the second door leading into an inner room. They were both bolted and locked I-I tried the window and the shutter. The fastenings were inviolate. Then the fearful truth broke upon me at last. I was not dreaming-it was not fancy it was not a burglar-it was Arthur 1-26 ghost 1 I threw myself into a chair, and, covering my face with my hands, leaned my head upon the table and I must have been afraid tremblingly afraid for the old crazy deal table fairly creaked with my weight. Then as I leaned upon that table a great dread crept over me. I durst not stir for a while. At last I looked up, and my eyes fell upon the self-same phantom once more-it was L-, indeed. I could not speak could not even stir ; my tongue tried to do its duty, but my parched lips refused to utter more than an inarticulate moan, OB I sat there, still as a statue, gazing upon the last new state of my early friend. I sat so but a little while yet it seemed to me an age of concentrated horror, although but a' quarter of an hour. As I gazed the figure melted away; and then, even in all my terror, a strange idea possessed me, as the memory of car boyish contract came to my mind. Hastily seizing a pen that stood on the table, I traced with trembling hand on the leaf of the nearest book, my name and L-B, and the time and date, Saturday morning, 25 minutes to 1 o'clock, 12th December, 1857. And then I leapt into bed. I must have been very little of a man then. However, after an hour's restlessness, I fell into a perturbed sleep, and awoke to find the yellow light of a London winter's morning gleaming in through the chinks of my shutters. Hastily dressing myself, I left the house, rejoined my family at the usual breakfast hour, and sat down Silently. They evidently perceived something odd in my manner, for they rallied me about the old house, and asked whether my sleep had been broken. Still I kept my counsel, said nothing, and pondered over the events of the night in silence. It is my custom every day, for lack of better occupation, to lounge away an hour or two in Regent street. Accordingly that afternoon, to relieve my mind of the thoughts that overburdened it, I walked down Regent- street, and there, while looking into a shop-window, was startled by feeling a gloved hand press upon my shoulder. I turned round it was a woman. "Possibly," thought I, one of London's lost ones." She spoke : her manner showed that whatever she might be, she was in earnest this time. " Sir, said she, " I believe you were the friend of Mr, L - ; I saw you one night as I was coming out of SA's restaurant with him. He then pointed you out to me as an old schoolfellow of his. I saw him two days ago he desired me, if I saw you within a few days in this street, to address and desire you to go to him," she said, naming the number and the street, where he is lying on his death-bed. He said that he had much to tell you, and should not die happy till he had seen you, if that might be Will you come now?" I bowed in acquisition, for I was too shocked to say anything, t " I will lead the way, if you are not ashamed to walk with me." We two walked together to a disreputable street at the West End ; she knocked at the door of a large house ; was entered, and, after ascending to the third floor, she knocked again at a door. It opened and we were admitted by a woman, young but attenuated, though still passing beautiful. I told her who I was, and why I came. She motioned to the girl to go down stairs and wait, and handing me a chair, took another beBida me, and, as soon as the girl had retired, said " Mr. S-, you came too late. Poor Arthur Lea dead!" And her voice was choked with sobs. " He asked for you ; his mind wandered a while; many times yesterday he seemed to have something he wished to say to you alone, and which pressed upon his mind. Indeed, he was murmuring your name when he died." " What time did he die ?" asked I, with her bed earnestness. " At twenty-five minutes to one, was the reply. I sunk back in my chair. When I recovered my self-possession, she told me more. She had been abandoned by my school friend long ago. All his friends had forsaken the wretched roué, bankrupt in purse, character, and hope ; but this injured and forgotten outcast of society had remembered him in his day of trouble and bad as he was, Beducor, swindler, blackleg, if you will, he was not bad enough to wish to leave her uncared for in the world when he was taken from it. For this reason he wished to see me. This I discovered from a letter, which he had written some days before his death ; but he knew not my address, and could not forward it. Ifrcad the letter; it was written i principally on behalf of his nurse, and requested I would strive to reconcile her to her family, and recover for her some money due to Arthur. The great only concerned me per- ' sonally. i I gazed on the dead man's face, and Us stony expression recalled to my mind the morn of my nocturnal visitants. i I was a successful negotiation with the girl's family ; but the money is not received yet. I I still sleep in the old house, and don't feel a little nervous now. Nobody will believe my narrative of a ghost in a quiet respectable London Square in December last. Very well, it is as they please, a coincidence. I was interested in certain papers which I had found, Also I had spent a pleasant evening. It happened that on this particular evening my friend I died. It is a coincidence most decidedly, and was Hamlet said, 'j There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, ' Ilma are dreamed of in our philosophy. I And that applies to more coincidences. And < ED I pray the sceptical reader to remember, that he vrain'cstpastovjours levraisemble. by 