SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Dunedin, from Adelaide, brings us papeis to the 7th inst.. The Adver iser < i the 4th contains the fol lowing review of Mr Babbage's last des patch :— Mr Babbage addresses the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the 27th of July, from his Camp at Elizabeth Crerk, having, with one companion, perpetrated as far as 30 deg. 45 minutes, souih lat., and !3o dsg. 41 min. ures long. Mr Babbage's last excursio i was through thick scrub, and filling the shores of salt lakes, the winding mazes of which ren derfd advance almost impossible. A. "chain of lakes" run along eastward of the GivaS Sale Lake, which covers .-na-ea cf about 450 square miles, the greater pas t '>f which is covered with water. In some parts, the shores are covered with salt, at other rlaces they are quite red. Lake Gaircner and the Great Salt Lake are supposed by Mr Bab bage to be connect, d, although he h?s not yet absolutely verified ibe p-dnt, Mr Babbapje b=s abundant opportunity >,f complimenting his political fiiends by be stowing their names on the various sa't pools which abound in the neighbourhood. Thus, five milts west of the Great S?.lt L'ike is ano ther lake covering about 120 square miles, henceforth to be known as Lake Ha-1, T/e find that Lake Harfc has "an arm," and t! i< member joins Lake Hart to L-ke ILmsou is of ''much strailer dimensions" than Lake Hart. Ten mile; further on is -'a singu- ;-ly shaped lake ' which Mr hus desig nated Lake Younghusbaud. Nexb omts "a Like ' small and ''beautiful," which is henceforth to be known as Lake Bejnolds. The lakes are contiguous to Swinden's cou>> *571 ,Weri hsid. nearly forgotten to mention snathe Commissioner of Crown Lands his also furnished a name for another cf the' salt lakes of our <. iscoverer and also to a '-bluff." The lakes, as we have remarked, are all salt but they aie flanked by sandhills of s.mie eminence, many of which are wooded. The f mirage adds grea.ly to the beauty of the f scenery, which is more varied than "from the frequent referenc3s tj "deserts of scrub " and s so on, might at first bs imagined/ Mr Bab bygesaysi'— 'The whole of the north-wesi chaia of lakes a? far as it is surrounded by scrub, ex cepting af. the northern ends of t'hs Great S«it La.^e, Like Hart, and Lake Hanson, are bounded by the strong bluffs above men' ticned ; t-ut there is one remsrkan'e pjiat about them, namely, that in every instance the western shores are formed by lofty sard ! hills and marl cliffs covered with ecru'-> whilst the eastern shores are low, and usually consistscf a belt of a quarter to half a mile or more in width, nearly lev J and clear from Hhrub, upon which green sslcbush and grass grow in abundance. The scrub at the back of the eastern shoves is invariably mo:e o.oen and tke sandhills lower than behind the wes tern shoies." TJhe -'aady nature t.f fhe country rapidly absorbs the w notwithstanding recent rains, Mr Babbage found but. very little on the surface Very few creeks drain into the lakes, but from in dications observed by Mr Babbsge he thinks there mu x be permanent fresh water hi<>h*r up the country. The following exfrac. from the explorer's despatch is worth peru sing :— • From the Great Salt Lake to Lake Young husband there wew but few si»ns of even the casu'-' presence of blacks, alth'ou.h their favourite :ood, the scrub wallaby, was very abundant When, however, we rounded Uie northern h'ires of Lake Younghu:-ba«rl, the case was :!ff-rent; we there met with many remain? of blacks' fires, some of fheai quite recent: -.iDd although we S'iw no blacks, on one o&'.asion we heard their? warning cry to their companions of strangers being ;u hand The fires were very much larger than those I have hitherto seen, and from that circum stance I think that we must have reached the country of a different tribes of blacks rom those of Swinden's country, espeeiajly Is the chains of lakes, and the almost water ess ; crubs even in winter, which we tra verse tl, would form a natural boundary be tween the tribes Although the scrub is so dee'i ed cf surface-water, it by no meai.s {(■ '■ \vs that water may not be had by sink i: l ; and it becomes a matter well worthy of t!,« consideration of government whether.it would not be worth wh le to send a properly (quidped party of Well diggers to test this ! oint, as, should success attend thfir labours, r.;any thousands < f square miles, no ,v utterly useless, would be thrown open for pastoral ; ursuits. I should say generally, that so far ■s I have been, with the exception of the red • ndhills upon the western shores of the ikes, the scrub would afford very good ced for cattle ; as besides the grass aod salt bush, at places vnry abundant, there are a great number of shrubs (many of them new lo me) which our horse ate of as they passed along, and of which cattle would probably greedily partake." Appended tothe despatch are extract.< from Mr Babbage's jouraal, commencing with Juiy 6th, and concluding wi'h July 24tli. Some of the natives appeared disposed to be un friendly, and to resent the inirusion of the travellers, but nothing actually unpleasant occurred. On one occasion Mr Kabbage dis covered a new kind of ■ shrub, the leaves being spotted with a kind oi gum, like suow flakes. Tne course p rsued was sometimes thi ough sheoax. and mallee scrub, with occa sional good supplies of feed and fresh water, and sometimes no fresh water ab all. Uu the 20th of July tracks of horses "were disco" vered on the shores of the lied Lake, and tlie same t-acks r turning. They were identified as those of Messrs. John and Murdoch Camp- ' bell, who about a year previously had gone j i down the shove of thj lake in hope ■ f finding ■ a crops!ng, deceived- by..its tfxtention '•Eouth-' wards. - - Tile following ?s the ., ronclndina p-ragraph t'f ?.'r B ;bb'go's despatch., and also the most eacoura;.:i[i:; one:— "During vny cI13er.ce Y/arriner ha? secured the ?ervices t f ths binck native of Swinaen's £Ouniry, ho La1; now been" .at (he camp Eoiae time. He jives a-most encouraging ac count of the supply of water north.of Lake Campbell, amoegst which figure freshwater hikes, widi plenty of (jl.icks, v.iIf? fowl, and' ■ - kaii' propose Btarting n-ortb. with Watriner, Jones, and the black, and taking three packet-horses with us, thus being able to extend our trip to some distance, and-ascertain the best route by which to take the drays on towards the. interior. If, however, anything can be, done "with pack'-hwrees, now is the time ; Hit shculd nothing further- result from tha pre sent expedition, we think- that a few earners despatched at the proper time/and uud<. r pro per superviaion, would soon enable us to de termine the physicil character "and availablc ness of at least our own territory. The following were the reserved points of law in Bathursi.'s case, who it wili be re membered has been convicted of fraudulent practices: — First, whether the surrender of insolvent was a proper surrender. Secondly, whether the insolvent had made a proper- disclosure" of his estate r.t his ex inination; and Thirdly, whether lie had concealed and em bezzled part of his personal estate. i Hising os Convicts on Board Ship.— The ship Julia, cf Bombay, which left the port for Singapore, with convicts, after being at soa for sixty-six d-jys, put into Penning, fhovt of provisions and wr.tar. During her voyage the convicts- had nearly succeeded in gaining possession of the ship. They had ■ broken loose and obtained some bayonets, but the prompilude of the captain (Fetiick) in shooting and killing two of the lingleaders, and a vessel having hove in sight, prevented the design of th5 convieta from being accom plished. The Convict Molly.—Information was received at the ■ Central Criminal Court oh Saturday last that the' Government had deter mined, that .Molly,. who was sentenced to death at :he last Castiemaine sessions, should not suffer the extreme penalty of the law. Nothing has been ascertained as to the steps intended to be taken with regard to him. Molly h>s already been in gaol for soma weeks, awaiting the decision of the Govern- I ment as to his fata ; and parliaps the most j severe punishment that couLd have been in- 1 flicted upon him is the horrible uncertainty iti which he has been kept.—Argus. Base Conduct.—On the night of Thursday lsst, tit the ordinary weekly prayer meeting held in she Gaelic School-house, La Trobe Terrace, which is used for public worship, whilst one oi the membei-3 present was engaged in., prayer, a stone was cast through ■ the j window immediately behind him, which j happily did not injure any person, and the devotional exercises were continued without rurther disurbance. Had the mischief done ended here, it is not pro bable that any publicity wonld have been given to the above. But, yester day morning, when the scho.d was opened, it was found that during the night ei«ht panes had been broken in the windows, and two forma which .were outside the house had been stolen. Af. the police have been warned, the daring perpetrator of these mischievous acts need nut.calculate . upon escaping with impunity, should any repetition of such infamous conduct be again at tempted ; and witfcout doubt, the crime is one so universally detested in the community that every right-minded person would feel it a duty to give any information that might lead to the dis covery and due correction of the guilty miscreant. — ' Geelong Advertiser. ' Elopement from Paris. —A son of M. Foukl, the Minister of State, has contrived to fall in. love with Mdle. Valerie, an actress-' of the Theatre Francais, and as he couid not accom plish his object on more favourable; terms, he determined to marry her. For that purpose he has cariied tbe lady off to London, and it is not y known whether the parties are married or not. In the meantime the affair has been referred to the Due de Malakoff, who will no doubt do all in his power to prevent the heir of the Jew Minister from becoming the husband of a Christian actres?. As usual under tbe resent« regime ' of France, the papers ave been ordered, under the penalty of suppression, not to allude to ihe mis hap which desolates the hearth of . the Minister of State. A Paris letter says :—' The scandal of ,M. Fluid's youth ful son still is much t.-dked of. He has r<~>bbed;his father, of not 700,000 francs, but 1,600 000 I M. Fouid, the father, wrote to the Due de Malakofi, in London, to f use authority J ' But Mar shal Pellisskr treated the whole thing as a French ' sub-lieu enant' might. He asked young Fould and todle. Va^rie to breakfast ; said pleasantlv, 'Young people, I give you my blessing!' and wrote to the furious father that {young men were but young men, after all!' • . En-gland and Fbance.—I never felt more keenly the wish to see the peace between the two countries per petual ; never could I be more in dignant at the folly and wickedness which on both sides; of the water are trying to rekindle the flames of war. The one effect of the last war ought to be to excite in both nations the grent est mutual respect. France, with the aid of half Europe, could not conquer England : England, with the aid of all Europe, never could have over come France had France been zealous and united in Napoleon's quarrel, When Napoleon-saw kings and princes bowing be;ore him at Dresden Wel lington was advancing victoriously in Spain ; when a million of men in 1815 were invadirg France, Napoleon en gaged for three days with to armies, eich singly equal to his own, find was f r; two days victorious. Equally and utterly false are the follies utter- ■ ed by silly men of b.uh countries about the certainty of one beating the other. When Englishmen and Frenchmen meet in w?r, each may know tKai they will meet in the o*her all a soldier's quau'ities—skill, activity, and undaunted courage, with the bodies able to do the bidding of the other in ac tion ; r in endurance. It were an ac cursed wish in either to wish to desfroy * V ■„ ■-] »"!. _ the oher, ^.nd h-ippily the wish would be as utterly vain as it were wicked.— Dr. Arnold's Dairy, Aug, 6, 1S40. . Impkcpbrty in ^ilk. Macs ran.' S3 id i: polite traveller to n ia>iy lf.nc. Ja.iv, " if I see proper to htlp myself to she milk, is there any improperly in t ?" " I dont know what you mean ; but if ycu mean to insinurste that there is anything bad in the milk, I'll give you to u icicistand that you've stuck the wro :g house. There ain't a h-n"r ia the milk, for ai,scon -as Dorothy Ann. told:me the cat was drownedm it, I went end strained it over." Mad Buil.—About i day, a mad bull which hnd escapp.il pithing n' one of the slaughter houses in Parr^matta-street, entered the arena o! Hyde Park,, and commenced pi ly ing his capers to the infinite discom fiture of the numerous ladies' maids aua nursery governantes their keeping their appointments and promenading their juvenile charges. At . first an alarm ■was g'ven that it was one of the Pitt street lions broken loose, but although a brindle, the quadruped was merely a bullock after all. Ebving twisted his noble nut, he charged a nursemaid and three bantlings rejoicing in the s-m.bri quet of Jamss Ewin, and Matilda JOi.es. Miss McClusky screaked as heartily as she could scream, and left the young fry to take every passible care of themselves. The quadruped, ascertaining that he had created quiie a sensation, thought that he might at least die game, and so went off topping the fences in gallant style. The ar tillery were at once called out, and fired at the monster, but having forgotton to i put ball cartridges into the muzzles of the cannon?, and the brute being im pervious to blank he pursued his wild career, his tail elevated, and his horns depressed. He cleared the way to wards the Governor-General's gardens, where he interrupted his Excellency in the pleasing task of teaching the young idea how to shoot, being, in fact, hoe ing up cabbage plant*. On rush Bruits, amidst the squalls of the Denisons junior, wheu he was eventually surrounded by a band of the police. These gentle men, acting as riflemen, fired two or thiree hundred rounds at the animal, who stopped as if lost in conjecture as to what the row was all about. At last, an indigo, with unusual temerity, named Daniel Ryan, took a deliberate aim at the bullock at yards distance, and felled him. As soon as he was dead Sergeant Tent stepped up to him, and "kilt him intirely quite wid a pishtill cannon ball."—" Bells Life in Sydney." The Tender Passion.—-Thackeray says that'—' When a man is . in love with one woman in a family, it is astonishing how fond he becomes with, every person connected with it. He ingratiates himself with the maids ; he is bland with the butler ; he interests himself about the footman j he runs on errands for the daughter's ; he gives advice and lends money to the young son at college ; he pats little dogs, which he would kick otheiwise ; he smiles at old stories which would make bim break out into yawns were they uttered by any one but papa ; ha c'rinks sweet pot t wine for which he would curse the steward and the whole committee of a club ; he bears even with the cantankerous old maiden aunt; he beats'""time when d Fanny' performs her piece piano ; and smiles when wicked, lively little Cobby upset the coffee over his shirt.' Desecration or the House Where Burns wis Bokn.—The dustoi Alexan der might perhaps be found stopping a beer bsrrel, but the event is not likely ! if the dust wereski.own to be Alexan- I der's. He might come there by acci- I dent, bnt scarcely by intention. The; worst of us have still some reverence i for departed greatness. We do not put heroes into br.ng-holes for bungs Other bungs do as well, or in fact better, and heroes may have other and better use. Scotland, however, is a convicted criminal in this respect, and she requires an improvement in her taste. She has her national idol—a Moloch that devours her children, and to this said Moloch she devotes the memory of her wise men and prophet?, her i^ero wairiors, and her bards. If she can found no monument, she can found a ' spirit shop,' and pour liba tions of liquid fire down the thirsty throats of the living out of honour to the illustrious, dead. ' In this house/ says an inscription on a little ■ cottage not far from Ayr, » Robert Burns, the Ayrshire poet was burne ;' and on the same cottage, at the other side of the open door, is inscribed the announce ment in similar though larger letters, that the said cottage is ' licensed to sell spirits, porter and ale. What Goths or Vandals, we should like to know, licensed the birthplace of the poet for such a purpose p No wonder that strangers from other lands come to Scotland and brand her as the most drunken countiy in Europe—which unfortunately is not true—when we present to their amasement the Wal lace Tower public house, and the cot tage where Burns was borne converted into a little mean ijontemptible road side drinking shop—into which no na'an or woman of taste would set a - foot for fear of desebrating a. cherish ed association. The Magistrates who grant such licences are the barbarians of Scotland—'those who bring Scotland into disrepute/ and defame her before the world. — " Glasgow Common wealth." A . Strange Phenomenon.—A letter from Boulognesur-Mer says " An extraordinary phenomenon, con sidered volcanic, occurred here on Saturday morning, the 5th inst., at eight o'cluck. Tne tide, which-was re caeding> suddenly fell and left" the harbour, dry, but returned in five minutes with great force eight feet higher, accompanied ' with a perfect tornado of wind, and the sky densely obscured. The whole did not last more than ten, minutes, but what was mp^t strange was, thati there existed the brightest sunshine immediately before and after.—P.S. The passenger of the Polkeston boat report that a similar occurrence took place there, and at other places on the English coast, at the same time as here." A Ludicrous Scenb.—A strange and I indecorous sceiie look place at the christening of this child (daughter of the Piincpss of Prussia). In''he nov/ court rs!;n!f tiuns which hsel b?.tn mads on the r. ce ,i jiianii^e o' the King, Made me de WarUiiibrrg had obtained the right in l&k-.T; precf-denca' of all m marri^d Pih.ce^ess. and ev-.-n o( all mv-riecl mses whose husbands weie nci. reigning Prince?. The Duchess of HolsUnu Beck had actually sold her right of M^-ceiience to her for 10. 00$ thakrsi (which the King paid.) With the glow of consc:ous dignity,, there fore, and wiih stately .step that told -of right lo take pr< ced' nee even of Prin j esses of the blood, M 'dame de War j tenherg walked in her proudly- contpi. cuuus place in the procession to the chapul, when, suddenly from behind a door where she lain perdue, Madame de Linttlo, the wife of the Dutch am bassador, dared forth, and endeavoured to take the place in front of her. Madame de Wartenberg was not the woman to submit to such an infraction of her rights; Madame de Lintelo held her vantage ground ; a tremen duous fracas ensued. The two fair ones betook themselves to the weapons with which Nature had furnished them, and attacked each other in that most as sailable part, the head-dress. Lrce and feathers flew in all directions, and a cloud of powder nearly hid the com batants from view. Ia vain did the master of the ceremonies, Besser, en deavour to separate them, at untold risk of personal damage in the indis criminating fury of the affray.; but Madame de Wertenberg had the ad vantage in point of muscular strength and a few hearty cuffs finished the dis comfitwe of Madame de Lintelo. while', victor bore off as a trophy a lappet from the head-dress of her vanquished foe.—•" From Memoirs of the Queen of Prussia. By Emma Willaher Atkin son." Another French Duel.—A few days ago a duel was fought between M. Odier, the son of the banker and a brother of Madame Cavaignac, and a fashionable man about Paris, named Sicot. The quarrel arose at the Cafe Foy, where the parties were dining to gether with some friends. in the course of a discussion upon a subject of no importance, M. Odier expressed a difference of opinion with M. Sicot, in terms which the latter thought offen sive. A challenge ensued. The due] was fought with swords. M. Sicot, speedily received a wound in the arm, but it was not severe enough to pre vent him from continuing the combat, ond he subsequently wounded his ad versary ia the body in three places. M Odier is confined to his bed, but, his state is not thought to be dangerou?.— " Gabynani." A Boy Preacher.—Master Kennedy the boy preacher, gave a sermon in the lecture- room of the Oliver-street Bap tist Church, on Thursday evening last. The large audience room was crowded and many persons were unable t) ob tain seats. Kennedy came in &t; the ap pointed hour. Me was dressed quite neatly, in a dirk jacket and coloured neck-tie, railh a side pocket containing a white handkerchief, and he looked not unlike a school iad on thf stage about to " speak a piec?/' His Ser in :n was on tbe text—''.His blood be onus and on'our children." He ad monished his hearers that, though many of shem h id come fVoca " curiosity t-> see how a hoy of fflteen years could preach," yet, ifbe spake God's truth, th'-y would be as gudty to reject it as if spoken by men or angels.—" New York Times." : Interesting Ceremony. -As maiVy„ •as 234 Tyroleans fcrob&rke; l at Hanir., burgh list week for the Brazil?. Among them were 30 young couples, who had the 'marriage ceremony performed in the Pi.omin Catholic Church j ust be fore their departure. One service suffi ced for the nhole 60 pern ns, who ranged them; elve.4 round the alter. The Madrid journals stats that in the course of -a performance a few n:^hta since at the theatre of Valercia, at whtch the Queen of Spain was pre sent, several pigeons having 'been let off, one 'of them alighted on her Ma jesty's bead, and remained there t ome t'me ^flapping its wings. Tbe Queen caught the bird and gave it to one of the ladies of her suite, with orders that it should be taken particular carc of. novelties in the Turin Exhibition of the Manufactures and Agricultural Pro duce of the Sardinian States is an en. geniously cont.iived " railway writer," by an English resident in Turin, Mr. Smallwood, foimerly paymaster of the Italian Legion. It is a portfolio, in which, with a hard pointed stick, you wri e between bars, which serve to guide the hand and diminish the incon venience of the motion of the carriage. There is also a contrivance by which you know where you left off writing, so that the thing might be almost used in tbe dark. The writing is on a black surface, and to reproduced on a sheet ol paper and undern eath, in the manner of a manifold writer. Duelling in Paris.—Two private carriages (says .the Pays) drove a few days ago, at half p>*9t seven in the morning, from Paris to the extremity of the La Petite Villetie, and drew up be fore a piece of sward* near the mili tary road. Several gentlemen—the majority decorated with the ribbon of the Legion of Honour—stepped out and after a brief conversation separated into two parties. Presently two of the gentlemen advanced with foils de prived of their buttons, and proceede d to a hostile encounter. One of the combatants, though still vigorous, had grey hair ; the other was younger, of high stature, and florid complexion. After a few thrusts, tbe tatter fell to the ground wiih his shoulder pierced, bis antagonist at 0::Ce drovs off towards Boudy, and escaped the. pursuit oI some gendarmes who had baen informed ot the. duel. The wotruded man was placed in his carriage, after having re ceived the assistance of a surgeon, who hael formed one of 'the party. The names of the principals have not trans pired but it was evident that they be longed to the higher ranks of society. An Australian Ghost.—The Mel bourne Correspondent of th;- " Geelo;i Daily News" furnishes, the following j 5»host s.ory to the raiders of iliac j- ur- I nal " f It is to bo found in tlwi passc-ng- r list, the manifest, or the ,5 hip's books o> any vessel thai has entered this pan during the last.twelve-months. - It is no: mentioned in the Citsi- m.^ Bill oi ■ Entry, nor is it referred 10 in Mui ray's Prices Current. No merchant has im ported it, nor has any tradesman in dented it. Yet it must havs come over, sea, and must, therefore, have intro duced itself surreptitiously, after the most contraband fashion ; for it ie not indigenous to the -soil, ru;r ' native to tiie manner bom.' It belongs to old English country houses and con-intn tal chateaux, where there rre sliding panels, secret passages, mouldering a eas, winkicg pictures, lory resounding corridera, and all that sort of thing. How can a ghost be otherwise than we fully out of plice in our modern, diminutive, gim-crack colonial dwell ings ? Yet the household of an archi tect at Sc. Kilda has been thrown into consternation, and almost served wi'h a notice to quit, by a real old- fashioned orthodox ghost, not visible, but very audible. The most perplexing part of the stcry is, that the spectral visitor at S>". Kilda his, her, or its appearance, like the shadows of Jacob Muley, and the King of Denmark, ' in the dead waste aiid middle of the night.' Now, according to that law of contrarieties, by the operation ot which lobsters are white and do net change color when boiled, swans are black, and circumstan ces which would be abnormal in the oiher. hemisphere, are strictly selon les regies here,—according to this law, I opine that gliosis in Victoria should ' walk up and down the streets at noon day.' like the human Salamander spo ken of by Casca ; whereas the St Kilda ghost goes shuffling up and down the stairs, making a terrible rustling with its ghsstiy garments, and a horrible creaking with its impalpable leet ot midnight ; and one terror striekeir domestic has felt the icy touch of its cold hand upon hn* warm chtek, con gealing her young blood, and ending a thrill of terror through hrr frsme. Three servauls have left the hou=e in succession, expelled by this night walking ghost; and this spectre is the talk of the neighbour hood. Now, I think the appearance of the first spectre in Victoria is an event Ti'orth chronicle ing ; bt cause it opena up a wide vista oi romant c incidents, "and may inspire some future Walpole, Schiller. or M>f. Radcliffe, lo write a good ghostly romauce, for the delectation of the.ima ginative and credulous ; and-, therefore I give the incident a place .in my. letter. kt\ • •. .j^} • ■■■■■'■*> '■ \- ' I The Police in , A gen tie man, a German, wa3 in th& pit|stallaf of. the Odeon Theatre the'.oth'* night, with; his son, a handsome lad of 15, BL-Uveen the acts a sergean.t-de-ville bustled up lo them, and in a sneering tone vbiee audible throughout the pit,.said,; '.The , Commissary of Police desire's to : speak with you and the lady in bis privatt' room." The gentleman astonished, and not a little indignant, rose 'torn 1 his seat, followed by -his son^ was ushered iato the presence of the commissary-.' This functionary addressed him a'3-'fol lows :—! Sir, in France, a >woa?oh is riot allowed to appear Jin pablbi-.-i') attire without aaj&gQpgj.; fopu^HWeVycti any authorisation?' The ariBW^r.,j.vap,, ' Sir I do not^knoy/„what-you_mean by-, talking of women-; ithisjis; a boy.'' The: commissary then surveyed the' youth' from head to -foot^^tOh'tc^vipg'^t^lt I see he has'iiioipi'?^ ^^tatlVio^r-tb^; is enough ' aiiowedff^the^pariies thus strangly disturbed . to" s depart, > but he did not v:.uch3afe to'-'offer- & word of apology.—' Correspondent; of ;I>aily News.' t I . '- i The Hushed 'STOKM.~-We • heard the wind long moaping.-r then; sobbing —then sighing ;; but;fto)7 :there is not a breath, aiid the * rivW has ,'ihfc whole glen to itself, filling it with a loud but placid voice. Let .us:go;:^to £be dpor and look at the eighty-what -' a: .starry host! The golden;Moouj"That:plunged through the stcji/-rt lll0" absent from ciich a. csipa-ias-ttttf?.? Yet the stars seem glad thou art no here to dim their lustre ; and thac planet ^ is almost splendid gas^fhyself, i burning: apart, and were'th J^restr obscured, sufficient to'illurain^te|thev;ski€a., Tghfj darkening^ from, .the;-, mountains • sbow the knolls greener between.;.aad wmch is the most peaceful; 'our heaat .knows not, the lights or the sha-iicV/s.; Peace ful tooi the mountains' also take in the beauty of roidnigii^; but^tns clouds look as if they had thksn np their rest in Heaven, and in companies were asleep a living calm .not paitaken by our own heart. Perhaps these 'night thoughts- ' are gloomy overmuch J yet can we forget longer than a moment the awful lot of man on earth, even m the presence of ' that transcendent sky, A softened strain arises in our memory ; but it too> deepens into sauness, aud but for the hope that keeps alive, would darkenioto despair rind disappointment. —« Professor Wilson.' ;Fbeech Liberty 'oiJ .'the Subjegt. —-When Dr. Bernarfivwm in prison a coir.-jt'-ytnan and towo smua wrote him a friendly letter, offering him. _ pecuniary or other assistance if required. The Utter was given to IV; r. Leversoi, as solicitor - for Bernard,;. who knew the name of the writer, but not the hand writing, and in consequence sent the letter to Paris tor information. On Bernard's acquittal, las friend, the writer of the le'.ter, was ordered jo quit Pi.-r,s in 94 hours. On askin for explanation he wa? told he had no visible means of living ; but it being pi'^ed thut ne possessed a yearly income of £500, h» whs told that it was solely owing to the influence of a frlfend that he had not been sent to Cayenne. Some months a«o a cashier in the Vienna Bank named Murrnan 'bolted ' with o'o,000 fl. rins, ana w«nt to i' n glartd and America, where he was m rested nt the demand of the Austrian ffovernrnent. Murmar.u allowed him self to be persuaded to return- to Ger i many by a woman with whom he hsd an intimate connection. " ('ry Havoc ! and t.v? (-lip thb Dogs of WAR."~~It ij riattU on un questionable aut....ii*v ii. .i, one. of our m-.st jfsp.-ctr.b'e fiimi r- , bu«i!v en /.(rfd );i execut'D^ an <>/(]; v r'centiv ^ « • - t'rom ^ merca: til* house in Syd;.t v for all thy • icvclversj -pittols, r.M1 xther avail;»b e weapons- <»'' office which Gouiburu can furnish.'' The ,d« maad for arms ;n Syth\ y must- there fore be v-. ry gr»at. Ev-.ry breardless b-iV iti tho colony wiii «»>n be in -;:ms (of some tort or other), t-n i grim deso l;uic:»...Will :;U speii stalk iig throughout 'lie Krd, crying, " Havoc'Und Vpttiog slip the dogs-«t war." S, tirioy will be U'.tosi'onned into one" vast arsenal. Every hou?e will be notified.. The Morning .Herald and the Empire, will fire grt'at guns tvtry un.ining, ar.d the pvomena(l-:is in George and Pit! streets will perform their daily po air' ulatkns armed cap a pie, and re, ..y at a moment's warning to spill i.!-.? ;r best . blood in defence of their native land. As for ourseives we are f truly in a pitiable plight. The town of Goul burn is expossed to the ravages of &ny; enemy who miy choose to invtde it. Situated in the middle of a. wide plain, and surrounded by hills, from any of which it can be readily commanded, it lies an e^sy prey to any hostile force that may think it worth while to travel in this direction. To be forewarned is to be forearmed, and therefore \\\c sound this tocsin in the ear« of our citizen?. The French are coming- and will soon be here. This is an ucques t:,unable fact. A few days ago we noticed stwrdl suspicious-looking men travelling thhherward on the Sydney read. They had carpet-bags, m.Pista chio:;, and aii the other hirsute appen dages of veritable Frenchmen. Who couid they be put spies cent to inquire into the nakedness of our plaits ? Shall we allow ih'.in to triumph over us? Shall we tamely bow the ki>ee to men who never tasted anything better than toasted nogs and soup maigre ? No, perish the thought ! Men of G.tuiburn bestir yourselves ! The dust of many centuries looks down on you from-every one of the neighbouring hill-.. No longer repose in the lap of luxurious ease while the enemy is at your doors. Up and at them, and we will give you all ntcesssry assistance. Organise yourselves into a mi'nia corps. We will report all your movements. We will- fire great-guns for you twice a Wi-ek. . We will tell, thedadies of the whole world how well you look ss dashing white .serjeants and officers of higher rank.1": We will lend .you also more' valuable'.assistance.- Our office is plentifully supplied with " shooting .sticks,,-'i and::■ we h sve . .-abundance of " lands',at,ryour disposal. Our .deyii^tpo, is . a^very deviLof a valiant fell. vv«-and;->vill assurudly, lend.you on to victory. Awake, then,-arise ! and send, the.i^aginary .enemics you will to contend against to the right about.— ^&£Hdbum (N.S.W.) Herald-'; ; A Working Clergyman; —iL.t me teU ypu, iu a few word , a story ot a London parish—one of ,the .i.ttnckly, i crowded poor parishes; on; the- south side • of' th* waUr-i-D parish where •hirdly any are much above; the poor, and most tre very pooK Some yearj ago chat parish was a'neglected1 wilder ness*, The church'was deserted ; some r^jiajitJible fo'o'ds;;. the property of the hpoor'."' were misapprdpriitsd ; ifc^was the I scene of bitter quurelling, and that ^people.: made their religion a.' cause of dissension was almost -the only sign ithat-existed ot its presence even in >rh'ame. One happy? day a.clergy man of 'the'^lebcian name of Brown ciras there. He i^bWied Kiroaelf ji$' reading the miaappropiated fu'nd?,'.-..sin(i.,m seeing i hat^thev-were devot.sd -to, their proper v?rrlc? • dav by day-he penetrated the foul alleys and ihe.fe^er^ravag'e^ courts ; he attended to the , schp'ol's ; he was car,eiejss7a.bojuVV7;al^';'.;t3lb^8jjffbttt not sedulous - to,V>det'ect;a; failrygi in the strictness of evangelical belief ; out of a t-knder stipend, and notwithstanding many Q\htr .charities, he devoted a portion', and by liis influence and exam ple obtained: contributions from others. ,to the purpose ,.of ..giving.^an annual i-uminer treat (somsthio'g''lii^.s those ol your Sunday Schools) to nis scholars, and -to^the poorest of his parishioners, Occe 'yik "!yesf • he leads out a goodly band generally to Epping Forest, where the parents and children have at any rate; one day's enjoyment and recreation far from the reeking tavern and the vice-infected slums. That parish church is 'now crowded by the working classes. The establishment is there in reality what it claims to be for the nation. That humble priest, now patronised- by—bishops and patted onr the back by pious noblemen, is the real head of of his parishioners. In that parish there are no controversies about church-rates, and there men can repeat without a blush that saying, about the gospel being preached unto the poor. In the moral regeneration of that dis trict everyone admits that the annual summer holiday has played a most im portant pan. It was a genuine proof ofinteiest on the n irt of their pastor-— a practical token of his belief in his and their brotherhood which went to the he irts of niatay a wot Id worn man, whom no preaching could have reached, even had he listened to it ; and though I beur a great many J^opl^, who, by dini of heading movements and making appesls, figure more largely. both in the philanthropical and religious world, I confess to a private opinion that many of the more glaring luminaries in both these hemispheres shine with a far less pure light than that which, this faithful clergyman displays to the ' district of wh'ch he has been in truth , the guide, comfnrter. and friend.-I-r' Manchester Examiner." <- The Shrewsbury Estates.—The solicitors for Lord Edmund Howard hfive issued a notice stating that they are authorised by the Duke of Norfolk : -:nd the trustees for Lord Edmund to »tate thatthete is no h.nger any objection on their part to. consent to the appoint ment of a receiver of the Court i f Chancery, pending tbe discussion of Earl Talbot's claim to the estate. They • cauti-ni the tenants igairst making any paytn&uL;:! to Enri i'aibovs agents, as the question os the estates is not in any way affected by the success of hits claim to the earldom. 