OUR LIBRARY TABLE. PETER 'POSSUM'S PORTFOLIO.* Alas! for poor Peter 'Possum. With one frailty—one that, to use Bishop's Hall's expres- sion, too frequently "hung plummets on the nobler parts"—a finer being never existed. Genius (we use the word advisedly), a heart princely in its abounding generosity, a lofty sense of honour, and a modesty rare in these days, were all Peter's. There was no principle of adhesiveness in Peter's coin; half his last shilling would have been held "in trust" for his friend—half a shilling earned by labour, may you never know, reader, how bitter. We have accredited Peter with genius. Writing for his daily bread, commenting upon passing events—upon men and things so small and so common-place that Heaven only knows by what ingenuity poor 'Possum ever screwed a comment out of his brain upon them at all—the author of the volume before us had little oppor- tunity, and unfortunately cared less, for writing up to the higher mark of his powers. His humour, that when some donkey in position came athwart it, broke fresh and glittering in a thousand atoms, as the phosphorescent wave of these southern waters at the stroke of the mid- night oar, was of the finest quality. The speci- mens in the book before us give faint idea of it. Peter's facetiæ sparkled most about transient topics. He would enchase with jokes some ninnyhammer's absurdity of the hour, as a jeweller encircles an emerald with brilliants in the bezil of a ring. The aim in the 'Portfolio' has been to reprint his papers of a more permanent interest. His faculty for poetic translation was something wonderful. There are in the book some specimens of Northern poetry—Gam le Norge, the national song of Norway, 'Nostalgia' from the Swedish, and a charming copy of verses called 'Birds of Passage,' originally contributed to this journal—which were rendered from ver- sions of the original in French prose. Now it hath never entered into the heart of man to con- ceive anything more barren, balder, or more dreary, than a French translation in prose from foreign poems. An Irish bog is in comparison a lively suggestion of Eden. Blair's sermons, or the old English prose translation of honest Solomon Gessner's Death of Abel, are but in- complete types and feeble foreshadowings of the thing. A broomstick or the piston of a steam- engine is not more devoid of ornament, than Peter's media for Northern song, of poetry or music. And yet these translations, in common indeed with all Peter's, are almost equal to Clarence Mangan's renderings from foreign tongues, and quite the peers of Thomas Smibert's in Chambers' Journal; and this those who know anything of the writers named will con- sider no mean laudation. Peter, with his really fine imagination and his opulent fancy, was not a poet. The original verses in the volume, except Farewell to the Kore, Don Francia, Death, and the really powerful Soul Ferry, are below the writer's powers. In some of the chapters of Arthur Owen it is that a glimpse of what was in the writer, and a vindication of his claims to rank as a man of genius, are alone we think ob- tained. The 'Portfolio' contains some nineteen prose pieces, and forty or fifty poems, original and translated. We know few ways in which our readers could better invest a few shillings than in the purchase. "Arthur Owen's Autobiography," which originally appeared piece-meal in the Month,+ is, in its collected form, worth the whole sum demanded for the book. Some of the prose papers are remarkably fine—thought and feeling genial and graceful, sparkling with novel images, and always characterised by felicity—frequently by very high beauty of style. The opening, for instance, of the pleasant paper, "Johnson's Chambers" is, to our mind, delightful prose: it is a sketch of a classic locality in London:— "The Temple's peace is not a dull, dead peace. Memories are brooding in its hush. In solemn or fantastic march, a mighty army issues from Hades, and files, with noiseless step, before the musing eye. The bygone tenants of the place rise from their scattered tombs, and muster again in the familiar grounds: warriors and wits, statesmen, jurists, gamblers, rakes—the last two classes trooping with spectral merriment from the neighbouring Alsatia, where Duke Hildebrod once more reigns. Rattling Reginald heads the motley train. Will Honeycomb—day dreams despise chronology—accosts Master Lowestoffe as a congenial contemporary; and yonder, in a flowing wig, Sir Roger paces the broad walk by the river, smiling with paternal gallantry on the smirking nurse-maids airing their small charges, and talking benevolent nonsense to his silent friend. Substantial amongst the shadowy eidola of the Templars who once owned flesh and blood, stand forth those who in the Temple had never a habitation—the begotten of genius, Templars of the essay and the novel." Addison's courtly lips would have relaxed into a smile of pleasure at that delicately sketched full-length of his own Sir Roger. Honest Dick Steele—who has left on record how nobly, how chivalrously, how reverentially, a scamp can love his, wife ("Even a negro has a soul, your honour")—honest Dick would have sallied forth, had this sketch appeared in his day, and, after the Lake Tchad sort of exploration necessary to find Peter at all, carried him to Wills's, with a view to what the missives of attorneys designate "further proceedings." And this, in the same paper, is good criticism:— "That his (Thackeray's) fame should have been of so slow a growth, is a mystery to me. What other novelist possesses so keen an eye, and so delicate, and yet so bold, a hand for the portraiture of veritable human nature. What other novelist, English or foreign, has ever possessed them? He has more than Fielding's power, coupled with a purity which that 'fast' idol of his most sadly lacks. Notwithstanding all the spiteful talk about Thackeray's cynical misan- thropy, who has worshipped genuine goodness more warmly, or painted it so well? Most novelists' 'good people' are snow-images; the heart clings to Thackeray's. They are no moral monsters—ice-palaces, wherein all the cardinal virtues have taken lodgings—but breathing men and women: of the same clay, often of the same weakness, as ourselves—not too good for our imitation: and then there is in his writings a peculiar, an almost unnameable, charm. Chris- tian Horacism, I will call it, for want of a better phrase. A sense of the littleness, the transitori- ness of life, often makes him laugh at its pomps and preach the grateful enjoyment of its pleasures in a way that seems at first sight very like that of the genuine epicurean of the Sabine Farm. But though the thought of the inevitable tomb prompts Thackeray like Horace, to pluck the flowers before they fade, to press the grapes before they fall, mellowing his mirth meanwhile, tinging its brightness with a melancholy autumnal sun- light—it is not the Pluto Illachrymabilis of the Roman before whom the Englishman bows in gloomy, grudging reverence. He looks forward to a nobler, purer life than this; and though he scoffs at cant, trusts humbly in the Christian's God." This is very graceful. But we do protest against a peccadillo of Peter's in the matter of recasting "Johnson's Chambers." As it originally stood in the Sydney Morning Herald we liked it better. A paragraph in truer keeping with the general treatment of the subject occupied the place of that quoted, which by the way formed part of a capital 'Possumian review of the first number of Thack- * Peter 'Possum's Portfolio. Sydney, Clarke, 1858. \+ Apropos of the Month we are anxious to give praise where it is due, and we would call the attention of our readers to "The Students of Life," a tale now appearing in the publication named. The writer of it, whoever he is, is a man or genius. Some of the finest things that have ever been said about music, out or Balzac's Massilima Doni and Gambara—and they, we suspect, are saturated with the ideas at Lizst or Chopin—are to be found in this story. eray's "Virginians" in the columns of this jour- nal. We are firmly convinced that all literary rechauffees are failures. From Leigh Hunt's Rimini this holds good down to the new edition of Father Faber's poems—where one of the deep- est cries of anguish ever uttered over a lost Beloved, is made to apply to a sister, not only with very bad taste, but in defiance of all canons of art; for men never mourn sisters in the way the passionate strain of the poem laments the catastrophe:— A very fair specimen of the lighter character- istics of the peculiarly 'Possumesque in style is found in Peter's eulogies on and souvenirs of the pleasures of "The Pipe." "In 'Coal-hole' or 'Cider-cellars,' puffing away in self-defence. In addition to the rich tobacco-reek, the air is redolent of brandy, rum, gin, porter, and the Cambrian coney: waiters with fitful gleams of glass and pewter flit spec- tral through the mist, dense almost as a wash- ing day's. Old men, with noses like masses of bruised mulberries and aspen hands—the hoary sinners!—middle-aged rotten, fast young men, women in gaudy garments who buy their blushes by the cake, here and there a wondering neo- phyte with country air and mother's kiss still fresh upon his cheek: these are the company— enjoying 'Life,' as they are pleased to term it. Foul atmosphere and fouler entertainment —with what satisfaction must a "Cave of Harmony" habitué say vixi. "In a London square, blending in the soft summer air the breath of Gouda with the fra- grance of the lilacs, the moonlight silvers even grimy London house-fronts into beauty, and makes even grim knocker lion-heads look mild. On what myriads of tomb-stones, standing dim besides the graves like risen ghosts, that light pours down! The quarters peal out in the silence like the audible pulse of Time! But Carlyle has written Night Thoughts in a Great City—and who shall attempt what he has touched? Read Sartor Resartus, book one, chapter three, my friend. "In the Champs Elysées, blending the breath of Gouda with anything but that of lilacs—the odious odour of French cigars—believed, not without some reason, to be made of ditch-water congealed. But the lights twinkle through the trees upon a hundred merry shows, watched by many a hundred pair of merry eyes. Even the limonadiere, toiling along with that remarkable machine of hers, looks pleased, perhaps, because her toils will soon be over. Even the sulky little sun-burnt soldier, in those baggy pantaloons of his, evidently blushing at the bad- ness of their cut, relaxes into a smile. Clearly ring from the white and gold orchestras the voices of the singers—I wish, ma mignonne in muslin—excuse my pipe! I could hear more frequently the silvery tinkle from that box of yours, wherein you collect the offerings of your not very liberal alfresco auditory! But see! that bourgeois is regaling his wife, her sister, and himself with what we should call a nobbler of brandy. Two bites at a cherry! three nips from a nobbler! How strong their 'grog' must be! What can you expect from a people who indulge in potations of such potency? "At sea, in the maintop, with a bottle of Bass, looking down upon the motley morning-scene on deck: flirtations and card-playing upon the poop; here and there a quiet pair of chess-players, or a languid student hardly keeping up even the sham of reading; boys larking; idlers lounging on the booms; a fair-haired, fair- cheeked child sitting beside a sailor with a face of tan, watch- ing the process of sail-making, and curiously examining the 'palm,' with a manifest impres- sion that it is a portion of his companion's skin a little blacker than the rest; under the awning at noon, where the seams sweat tar, and the flying-fish flash like silver shafts as they shoot through the sun-light saturated air, and one envies the broad-winged albatross when it folds those spreading vans, and cools his downey bosom in the sapphire waters; beside the wheel at night, when wanderers muse mournfully of home, and the galley-fire blazes out in the sud- den darkness, and the white-crested waves astern rush after the flying-vessel like wolves hounding Mazeppa, or the moon arises in beauty and turns bark and sea and sky into a sweet sad dream-scape. "Among the red- lichened rocks of Table Mountain, on the oak-shaded Wynberg-road, under the vines at Constantia, in dusty Cape Town, dustier Melbourne, dustiest Sydney. "In the lonely bush, where the air is almost as fragrant as my Gouda's breath at dawn: where, during the day, the solitary flowers smile so patiently in the heat, where at eve a far-off cloud above the tree-tops tells of the returning flock; and at night the camped-out travellers' fire winks sullenly as eye of drowsy lion. In these places, and in many a place beside, I have smoked my darling." This quotation shows the graphic descriptive power of the author, though marred by faults which nigh always attend the hasty writing newspapers demand. The "sunlight saturated air" is of a highly rouged order of phraseology we relish as little as anybody. And the com- parison of the grave-stones to newly risen ghosts—except in a Turkish cemetery, where the tops of the tomb stones are crowned with sculptured turbans—and the resemblance of the waves at a vessel's stern to the wolves that pur- sued the wild steed of Mazeppa, belong to a very equivocal quality of imagery. But there is vigour and beauty enough in the volume to atone for hundreds of such peccancies. We must hurry past the "Confessions of an Australian Brandy Drinker," manifesting very considerable power, but which most of our read- ers have seen in the columns of the Sydney Morning Herald. It presents very sweet fancies, and charming expression, over and above its treasures of grim imagery. ''Passing events have been to me recently no more than the shadows of the dancing ivy-leaves outside the chancel-window to the marble effigy that lies within." * * * "I sit in that friend's home, veiled round with verdure like a bird's nest." * * * "Close by the open win- dow a pear-tree waves its wealth of summer snow," are samples of what we allude to. And we have only time to express a passing approval of a clever review of Lord Cockburn's Memoirs. The magnum opus of Peter Possum, however, is 'Arthur Owen.' A degree of passion and imaginative power, a pathos and altogether ex- quisite delicacy of feeling, a perception of and faculty for reproducing rural beauty in artistic forms, is shown in this remarkable story of which there is not an inkling in all the author's minor sketches—with all their versatility—their humour—their graphic talent. It is, in fact, the Autobiography of a Childhood. The story is that of a Deformed Boy, morbidly alive—as what deformed was not and is not—to his mis- fortune, and making it tinge and shape the medium through which he seas and hears all things. Out of the hewn sandal-wood and the bruised herb, however, comes sweetness; and though hideous malformation only provoked the bitterness, the woe, in "Arthur Owen," that ended in madness,—to Mrs. Marsh's exquisite story 'The Deformed,' in 'Two Old Men's Tales,' we refer our readers for the psychology of deformity 'figured' from another point of view. Not that we hint at anything wrong in the con- ception of 'Arthur Owen' by this comparison; both are right; and both are pieces of high-class fiction. But Mrs. Marsh's tale we think for many reasons a fitting pendant to that before us. Arthur Owen, the son of a clergyman, is born in Wales, and pictures of the scenery of truly imaginative kind—that is coloured with deep human feeling are given, which no sketches of the beautiful principality have ever excelled, save those in Mr. Downe's 'Mountain Decameron.' He loses his father in early childhood, and the circumstances connected with this ruling event of his life for misery—the deathbed, the funeral, the changes in the household, the men and women drifted in upon the almost broken-hearted child's field of vision by reason of the catastrophe, are described with marvellous pathos and power. The boy's sufferings at school, his escape from the thraldom, his wanderings in dens and through depths of darkness—his glimpse of one creature who had been kind, to whom he yearned—for whom he felt in his lonely shattered soul capa- cities of love—carry the autobiography down to chapter xviii., where it abruptly breaks off in some disjointed fragments altogether lyrical in their passionate eloquence, hinting the author's madness and his return to a drear sanity—to 'a sluggish calm.' Samples of inadequate extent we can alone give our readers of 'Arthur Owen.' Did space and time permit, the entire transference to our columns of the second chapter—one charming and highly finished series of landscapes would best evidence the literary excellence of the story and the genius of the writer. Here, however, is an incident told with touch- ing grace— "The Pwldhi church has no vestry; so my father always walked to and from the parsonage in his gown. I used to walk with him nestling in its folds to hide my deformity; though I cared less about it then than at other times, because the village children were afraid to make game of me in the presence of my father. That Sunday, as I stumbled along at his side, as soon as we were outside the church-yard gate, anrid I had repeated the text, I began to ask him about Our Ladye's Well. He told me that it was all a superstition, and tried to explain how he had contrasted those fabled cures with the real cures wrought at the Pool of Bethesda. For this, however, I had no ears. I wanted to know where the well was. Pointing to a grey, lonely Cromlech upon the mountain side—a landmark visible for many a mile—he told me that the well was just under that tall, white stone. I treasured up the infor- mation, and during the day matured my scheme. I was up betimes next morning, and, whilst my brother and sisters were busy with their gardens, slipt out into the Burrows. Taking care to keep high ground always between me and the house, I waded, half glad to encounter an obsta- cle which might stand for the Slough of Despond, through the heavy sand, in the direction of the mountain. Hope gave me unwonted energy; still, by the time that I had reached the bridge that spans the Pwl (a rivulet regarded with much reverence by the neighbouring country folk, be- cause, so long as it runs into Pwldhi Bay, a poetical old charter gives them the right of free pasturage for their cattle upon Cefn Bryn) I was almost overcome by the hot summer sun, and was very glad to sit down on the low parapet, envying the fish gliding about so cool and swift in the clear stream below. Having called to mind a precedent from Bunyan to quiet my conscience for resting on my pilgrimage, I started again; creeping along un- der the tree shaded park wall which commences at the bridge. The bees were busy in the chesnut blossoms, that every now and then rained down their snowy petals on my head; flies all green and gold buzzed round me; little blue butterflies, with spots of red and yellow on their wings, flitted past; a blackbird in the hazels cooled the air with his gushing song; and a runnel of crys- tal water tinkled down the hill, wetting the moss upon the road-side stones, in a niche in which I saw an empty robin's nest half hidden by a branch of primrose leaves. I thought, 'how beautiful all this will look when I come down,' and hurried on. * * * * * * "It was late in the afternoon—evening indeed —when I reached Our Ladye's Well. The gray old Cromlech was all a-glow with the red westering sunbeams. A fat little white coated, black-faced lamb, munching a mouthful of hare- bells, was gazing, with a puzzled look, at its reflection in the liquid mirror. A water wagtail, sweeping its long caudal feathers from side to side, as it dipped its beak into the well, and then held up its head to swallow the tiny draught, reminded me of the squire's lady, with her black velvet train, drinking the tenants' health at a Christmas gathering at the Hall. I remember well how I tried to divest myself of the ludicrous association, for I felt I was on holy ground. Taking off my shoes, I went on tiptoe to the fountain. It was gurgling gaily. It must, I believe, have been but newly stirred. I plunged boldly and bodily in. It was not deep. I lay and splashed there for some ten minutes. I came out. No supernatural visitant appeared to do what the well had failed to accomplish. I was still the same mis-shapen boy at whom the game- keeper's terrier had flown. I threw myself on the ground and literally roared in an agony of rage, disappointment, and despair. I felt that I must always continue what I was: and, in my childish blasphemy, added the Saviour now to my list of foes, and vowed that I would never again believe the Bible—anything, anyone, but my father; he had told me it was all a lie about the well. "Just then, my father rode up. He had been seeking me far and wide; and had heard from the gamekeeper's wife that I had passed her house. Chance, or a remembrance of my eager questionings the day before, had led him to the Cromlech. He took me up on the saddle; and I told him all my story as I rode before him down the hill. I recollect, as though it were only yesterday, I listened to him—the sad cough- broken voice in which he reproved me for the lie; the loving way in which he pressed me to his heart, as we passed under the sombre shade of the park-trees, stretching out their arms, as if they were ogres about to snatch me from him, over the dim wall; the solemn words in which he prayed to God to forgive and protect and comfort his lonely boy—to be a Father to the fatherless. "I clung to him in terror, for something whispered—'Dark as your life is, it may be darker still.' " It is scarcely necessary to recall the reader's attention to those lovely images—"the blackbird in the hazels cooling the air with his gushing song," and the niche in which "the empty robin's nest" was "half-hidden with primrose-leaves." To more delicate, albeit very circumstantial, touches of imagination would we point:—the thought how things would look when the boy came down; the gray cromlech glowing warm in the evening sun; the impertinent intrusion of a ludicrous image (that of the wagtail's resemblance to the squire's lady) on what was felt to be holy ground; the black park-trees in the twilight "stretching out their arms, as if they were ogres" about to snatch him from his father, "over the dim wall;" and the omen that came with the night, and descended with that para- clete—the unlooked-for assiduity of affection in his father's heart. Another and a different scene we shall now present, the catastrophe and close of which—particularly its workings on the thoughts of the boy, and the "environment" of circumstances and images all tinctured by his sense of what had taken place—we regard as manifesting very high faculties in the writer:— "Almost all the inhabitants of the principality are Methodists. Even those who go to their parish-church in the morning generally 'attend chapel' in the afternoon and evening. The Celtic temperament craves after excitement, and is unconquerably superstitious. Wesley—with his energetic appeals to the emotional half of our being, and his implicit faith in ghosts, and visible, audible devils—was just the man to leave his mark in Wales. This was a Methodist gathering, assembled to listen to a famed 'revivalist.' '' 'The wicked shall be turned into hell,' was the preachers brief, emphatic text; and emphat- ically enough he expounded it. He painted the place of torment as though he saw it: the hills of burning brimstone wreathed with pale, blue flames; the blasted strand of smouldering ashes; the lake whose red waves broke in crests of white, hot foam; the damned springing (like flying fish from its torture, and beaten back by myriad fiends, that overshadowed it with dusky vampire-wings; the sullen, thunderous gloom of the brooding at- mosphere; the opening in the floor of Heaven, through which its glory streamed in tantalising sheen; the murky shaft, down which the chorus of the everlasting song of praise came echoing, 'For ever and for ever!' to be reverberated, as words of doom, from shore to shore in bell! A shudder ran through the congregation when he came to this. I saw their heads moving like bulrushes shaken by a sudden sigh of wind. I felt the fear, too, passing through me electrically, as it were. The description, itself, was quite enough to horrify a child, but my terror was in- tensified by the sympathy of that great throng. Before the sermon was over, scores of women were in hysterics. Every five minutes or so a maniacal cry—making my flesh creep as it rang through the darkness—announced that another soul was rendered mad by fear. Even strong men were moved, and crowded together like sheep, with many a back-cast glance of dread at the outer circle of deepening gloom. One, close by me, fell on the ground, and, like the demoniac, 'wallowed, foaming.' "At length the preacher sank back exhausted in the car, and again a hymn was sung. "As the sweet, sad music went up to the peaceful stars, now shining brightly overhead, the awful picture the ranter had conjured up faded from my mind. True, there was something like what he had said in the Bible; but my father never tried to frighten people to Heaven that way, like a savage sheep-dog barking at tbe sheep—he al- ways talked about God's love. There was some- thing wrong in this fierce doctrine, I felt sure. I could not make it tally with the lovely scenes through which I had been roaming—the mea- dows flooded with sunset gold, the green leaves fluttering in the fragrant air, the wild flowers trailing from the hedges; nor with that calm star-studded sky above. I determined to forget it all. But then I remembered how ugly I was, and how very miserable I had often been; and I thought of the wreck and of death. It was'nt all beauty and happiness here. Perhaps, there might be a place where there was none. My thoughts got into a tangle, and I gave up think ing. "After the service, there was what I believe is called a 'Penitent Prayer Meeting.' Forms were placed in front of the car, and 'all labouring un- der convictions of sin' were invited to come up to these benches, to be prayed over by the preacher and the elders of the congregation. Numbers went at first, and I heard loud sobbings and fre- quent bursts of singing. As the throng thinned, I edged my way up to the 'penitent forms,' and, the moon having risen, had a clear view of what was going on. What I saw effectually removed the last trace of solemnity from my feelings. "The scene reminded me of a sheep-shearing. The excitement having abated, very few penitents came forward voluntarily now; so that the elders were obliged to make raids amongst the by- standers, and literally to 'compel them to come in.' The involuntary penitents when released hurried back to their companions exactly like shorn sheep. There were other ludicrous circumstances. Two grades of holiness are recognized amongst these religionists—somewhat analogous to the degrees of bachelor and master of arts—'Justification' and 'Sanctification.' Over a justified sinner the elders sang one verse of triumph, over a sanc- tified, two. By some mistake the pæan of sancti- fication was about to be raised over a young woman who had only reached the inferior status; whereupon the elder who—in the technical lan- guage of Methodism—had been 'the means of her conversion,' shouted, at the top of his voice, 'Hod ye'r noise, will yer? She be awnly josti- fied!' I heard one boy, too, say to another: 'Rachart, Rachart! I'll go if thou'lt go;' and, when he came back: 'I say, Rachart, I got con- varted quick. Folk scrowged so, I was a'mos' smathered!' Like the boy, most of those who were induced to go up, 'got converted quick,' and—child as I was—I could not help seeing the blasphemous indecency of baking christians in rows after this fashion, like a batch of buns. Amongst those who really did seem in earnest about the matter was a young woman, of whom I had a mysterious dread, having heard that she was, emphatically, a 'bad girl.' What the phrase exactly meant, of course, I did not know; but it separated her for me from the rest of her sex, as an abnormal woman, a monster of iniquity. I have since thought that she must have been very bad, for breaches of chastity in the lower order of Welsh women are anything but rare. Neverthe- less, if she had sinned like a Magdalen, she re- pented like one at this prayer-meeting. It was frightful to hear her cries. Her sobs shook her bosom, as though the seven devils were struggling within, contesting their hold with their ejecter inch by inch. When the assembly dispersed, I was thrown into the company of this girl, as our roads home lay for some distance the same way. I trembled when she first spoke to me, but there was some thing very winning in her voice, and, at length, I took her hand, and she helped me over the huge stone staircase stiles they have in Wales. She had just got over the last, and had turned round to take me in her arms, when old Syl. jumped up out of a ditch in which he had been lying, and caught her by the wrist. 'So you've been gettin convarted, have yer?' he said, with a sneer. 'Come along, you fool!' " 'Oh! not to night, Syl!' I heard her answer in a pleading tone; but he dragged her away, over the marsh, behind the Burrows in the direc tion of his cottage. 'Next day, about noon, Foster gallopped up to our house, and, without getting off his horse, cried out, 'Where's Arthur? He must come along with me.' Both Syl and the girl had been found dead in the cottage. The coroner had been sent for; and, learning that I had been seen returning with the girl from the prayer meeting, had come to take me to the inquest. "The jury, and a crowd of villagers, were standing outside the garden gate, when we rode up to the cottage; not daring to enter a second time, until the doctor arrived. I did not wonder at their white lips and faces when I saw the sight the outer room contained. "It was a small chamber, with a door just op- posite the front door, leading into a bed-room behind, and another door, belonging to a sort of lumber-room, on one side. This door was wide open. On the ground lay Maggie Williams, with a broad green bruise upon her beautiful temple. Her long black hair was clutched in the old vil- lain's hand, as though he had been dragging her towards the bed-room. With the other hand ex- tended as if to ward off an approaching foe, he stood, as he had staggered back against the bed- room door-post, staring with bursting eyeballs at the door-way of the lumber-room. The despair- ing horror of those eyes—still manifest beneath the glazing film of Death—will haunt me to my dying day. A stick was caught between him and the wall, evidently dropped when raised over his shoulder in act a second time to strike. The ground was strewed with broken glass: on a round claw- table stood a candle-stick guttered with grease, a case-bottle of rum, almost empty, a water-jug and two tumblers, one still full of spi- rits. My evidence, of course, could throw no light upon the mystery of his end:— Qualis vita, Finis ita-- a black riddle that must rest unsolved until the final Apocalypse of All Things! * * * * "Thenceforth, of course, Sylvester's house was haunted. The belated horseman galloped past it fearfully in the deepening dusk; and even by day none ventured within the wicket. The luscious bunches of white lilac, the golden chain of the laburnum, hung over the garden-wall untouched. The wall-flowers, basking in the silent blaze of the summer sun, seemed to have meaning in their rusty red—a bloody secret that the bee entreated them to tell, as it buzzed from blossom to blos- som; settling now for a moment upon one, hushed as though listening for the disclosure, and then hurrying off, with an impatient, disappointed murmur, to the next. The place had a strange fascination for me. I have stood for hours look- ing in upon the sweet-williams, the double dai- sies, the stocks, the cloves, and London-pride, that struggled to the light through the rank growth of weeds that overran the garden-beds. The same tell-tale tinge—so plain, and yet so reticent—was in them all. It affected me like a revelation in an unknown tongue. It blushed, too, in the roses clumped in chubby clusters about the weather-stained trellis-work tumbling from the cottage wall. As they swayed in the slug- gish breeze, they appeared, in succession, to be peeping, through the chinks of the shuttered win- dow, into the awful room, whispering together of the sight that they had seen, and tremblingly creeping back again to take another view. When on the spot, I could never divest myself of the idea that the murder was then committing, and saw in fancy the side-room door fly open—pro- claiming that there was a witness there, and the hoary assasin rooted to the ground and blasted before the unknown avenger. "I had been privy to one of the old man's crimes. I was the last who had seen him and the girl alive. I felt myself, in some shadowy way, connected with them, personally interested in unravelling the mystery of their doom. With a vague hope of reding the riddle, I used to linger, too, about their graves. They were buried in the neglected corner of the churchyard of which I have already spoken. The Suicide, the Castaway, the Murderer, and the Magdalen, lie side by side. A dark-boughed tree droops over them; the churchyard-wall just there is broken down—affording, over its mound of mossy mould and slug-slimed stones, a glimpse of a sullen, shaded pond, black as ink, and bristling with brown rushes. It is a dreary sepulchre. I remember plucking a blossom from one of the scores of white nettles that grew amongst the cold, glossy docks and flowerless stinging nettles, over that tomb of loneliness and sin, and inad- vertently sucking its honey: a nausea seized me when I thought of what I had done—there was a taste of corpses in my mouth, a flavour of iniquity, so to speak, upon my tongue. I knew nothing then of the sweet chemistry by which Nature distils purity from corruption, and was, of course, as ignorant of Emerson's fanciful analogy: 'The divine effort is never relaxed; the carrion in the sun will convert itself to grass and flowers; and man, though in brothels, in jails, or on gibbets, is on his way to all that is just and true.' I cannot say that I have much faith in the latter statement even now—the road appears a strange one." We shall now turn to the poetry. To this we have already, in general terms, alluded. Our estimate of the original pieces, though they are often graceful and musical in expression, is, we feel certain, much what Peter's own is--not a very high one. The translations, as we have already hinted, are of the very first order. Per- haps, no poet has ever been so often translated, alike by sage and schoolboy, as Horace. Yet, to our mind, nothing has ever equalled Possum's versions of the ode to Pyrrha and the duet, Horace and Lydia, given below. And his translations from the Greek Anthology have a warmth and colour unknown to the scholarly and correct, but frigid renderings of Bland and Merivale—are more compact, and have, therefore, more of the special character of the Greek epigram than the sprightly translations of William Hay, published in Black- wood's Magazine, some years ago. The Danae of Simonides, which we also extract, is beau- tiful. Here are, first, two of Peter's own:— THE DEAD. How do the dead arise before thy sight— Unbidden guests in the deep hush of night, With fix'd, reproachful eyes, Full of a sad surprise, That now they come again, they meet no more The glad, fond greeting that they found of yore— Thus do they rise? Or, are they ever with thee on thy way, In dreams by night, in visions of the day— Growing so clear and full at quiet eve, That, for a time, the heart forgets to grieve, Deeming that still it hath its treasure here— So present doth it seem, so freshly dear? Do they go with thee through the city's din, Like guardian-angels, saving thee from sin, When thy foot falls on paths thy soul would rue? Calming thy fever'd heart with heav'nly dew, When, proudly fighting in this world's fierce strife, It recks not of that other endless strife? Oh! cherish thou the mem'ry of thy dead! 'Tis better to behold red sunlight shed Upon the far-off hills so lavishly; And then to mark that sailless, sundering sea; But wouldst thou have the sweet, sad sunlight fade, And yield yon green, bright hills to night's dull shade? Hath it no whisper for thy weary heart? No tale of worlds where love-links never part? What thought like this the soul of grief beguiles, When others seek their homes, so rich in smiles? Thy day is longer, but its eve will come: Thou, too, hast welcomes waiting thee at home! 