tROSELYTISM A LA TYRONE HOUSE. .'.-.;. ?'. ' (From the Nation.) . . .. 'Those who linve cared to study the proceedings pi'itjof which erew the present system of National Education, will agree with our statement. that it was universally admitted that its only chance of success was to remove, sedulously and utterly., the slightest taint or suspicion of prppelytism, or ifiinger of ajrercssivp influence upon the religious principles of the pupils — Catholic, Protestant, or Presbyterian. In fact, this was the basis of the entire Mipciau uuiuic. ai- waij uuv uicicijr mui* proselytism was to he made uonform to routine, or permitted to drive a ooach and four through office rules, and be absent in n mere Pickwickian sense ; it: was' that it was to be utterly put down, and the very suspicion of it rooted out as a taint of disease certain to prove mortni to the institution. Had these principles been carried out. we should be to-day acknowledging that the National system, thouiih if had endeavoured to sap the political, had respected the religious principles of the Irish nation. ? But they have not been carried out. The: Commissioners have indeed rigidly respected the religious. scruples of Protestant pupils who ?re existent only in imagination or theory, by proscribing in schools where all the pupils are Catholic— the National schools taught by Reli gieux— the practice of making the sign of the Cross at each hourly cbime of the clock ; but they Wave no such rigour for the reading of books virulently and offensively anti-Catholic, in schools wKere the pupils' are— we believe we should be safe' in saying — entirely Catholic The Board and its officers have shown themselves such adepts at equivocation tipiin the turn of a word, and. the difficulty nf avoiding grounds for such practice on their part, in the absence of access to official documents, is so great, that we shall con fine our proofs of this charge to as narrow an area as possible. We will content ourselves by taking one case out of a large number; selecting a particular example merely because, happily, our proofs happen not to be locked in Mr. Cross's tin box,- but contained in a book obtainable at most Bible Society Tract Repositories, nnd other such depots of' proselytising ammunition. It is called 'Scriptural Instruction for the least and th'e lowest,' and purports to be published by 'Seeleys: London, 1853.' We will leave this pot of precious ointment for the Popish eyes un opened for a moment, while we state that in the wilds of Mayo stands a little bamlet called Ballin dine, blessed by the paternal sway of a gentleman of whom we know nothing beyond his connexion with this casi. The Honourable Geoffrey Brown —for such is the good evangelical landlord's name — is not the only blessing enjoyed by Ballindine. The Hon. Geoffrey has an evan gelical sister. She is a lady to come, if not in the midst of, the years of indiscretion; arrived, in fact, as that mellow period of the evangelical existence when females take wickedly to parrots nnd poodles, or soup and salvation. Now Ballindine, notwithstanding the blazing of these lights- — male and female — was deplorably ' in fested with Romanism,' for which the people of that place have been known to entertain a strong attachment, ever since the year of grace, 431. The .Hon. Geoffrey and the good Mrs. Riddley were one day ' moved' to undo the work of Patrick. A wisdom far beyond that of. Lewis, the poor old bigot of Inniskeen, had fallen to the lot of these estimable people. Instead of setting to work in that blundering way of open aud pro claimed proselytism, they had the keen wit of rolying upon their friends in Tyrone House; and resolved to work their ends out in the name of '.National Education.' Now, of all sorts of school, that which would (as will be shown) give most play to proselytising purposes, and most op portunity for the good Mrs. Riddley's presence, an ' Industrial School' was very correctly held to be best ; and, accordingly, the Hon. Geuffrey and Mrs. Riddley got up an ' Industrial,' and placed it under the National Board. Here was an admirable plan ! What Priest could object to a young girl's coming to Mrs. Riddley's school ? Was it not a National Schooli Would he prevent the girls from learning how to become 'industrious?' The bait 'took ;' the poor girls, with that love of education and honest labour which seems instinctive in our people, flocked to the school. Si-, crochet was worked by the mile during the day; nnd during the night, under the same evangelical auspices, tlie school became a jig-house, where pious polkas, reels, and country dunces were d meed with the military officers. Of course the effect was certain to be highly moral amongst ' the least and the lowest' of the po»r country girls. The good Mrs. Rid-Jley having kindly catered for the pockets of her pupils by liberal payment for cochet, and for their recreation by noutural quadrille exercises, now thought it time to try on the main idea to .which these led — pure and unadulterated salvation . Accordingly, beginning with the school mistress (a Catholic) a fitting course of reading was prescribed —Mrs. Riddley's nice little book-case full of Manna for the Mawkish supplying the doses. How long the treatment had gone on ere its untoward interruption we know not, but it then had reached ' Mornings with the Jesuits' — a strong decoction of anti- Popery draught, it will be admitted. Next in order the pupils formed the saintly Mrs. Riddley's pious care. Inasmuch as the, school was merely 'industrial,' not ' literary,' the pupils were not necessarily able to read,, even if it were part of the instruction to teach reading. The girls sat quietly and plied their needies ; and, so doing, they could not but listen to a reader. ' Faith cometh by hearing,' thought the good Mrs. Riddley, ' it is a Heaven-sent opportunity for reading to them solne judicious anti-Popish book, not too far beyond their simple intellect to understand : ' Scriptural Instruction fur the least and the lowest' vt us surely sent me by Providence on pur pose.' Accordingly she set to work, devoting her precious time every day— good, loving, kind-hearted, amiable, pious lady — ' with the best intentions,' US) her friends the Board of National Education subsequently declared — to the duty of enlighten ing the littleand lowly Popish girls by dainty bits from the precious volumes. Things went on flourishingly; the Thirty-Nine Articles by day, -th'eseven positions by night ; Scripture and cro chet ,up to 4 p.m .; then, we suppose, ' dance all night, till the broad day light,' and home as best they, could in the morning. How long this went on we cannot accurately fix, nor dare we, without opportunity of consulting official data, declare whether the District Inspector of National Schools ever ventured an adverse report of a school where Luther and Terpsichore so good-humouredly divided the twenty-four bourB between them. Ail that wa outside the official precincts can lay our bands upon, is the fact that one day tho Head Inspector upon his visitation entered the school, and took at random a book off the desk where it was lying open, back upwards. The book was ' Mornings with the Jesuits'— not yet on the list of books sanctioned by tho Board, though provided by them fur the perusal of the stuff in Marlborough-street, being to be found in the office book cuss behind the Chair of Daan Meylor or any. other Catholic Commissioner. This led to a little inquiry ; the cloven— foot, or rather the light fantastic toe, was sighted by the official, who^at once wrote to the board calling thair attention to 1 tho course of instruction, religious', moral, and physical, in the Ballindine Industrial .school. In the case of Catholic children,' in a school without a single Protestant pupil, using tho sign ., of the cross, the Board would tako about the . period of a return of post to withdraw the grunt. Here, however, it was merely a Protestant lady in a school almost if nut altogether exclusivel' Catholic, endeavouring—' with tho bust inten tions,' as the Commissioners tell us— to teach the children' that ' there was a time in England when'peoplt) were required to worship a piece of bread which the Popish Priest told them was changed into the Body of Jesus Christ.' The awkard officiousness, the impertinent impartiality of their official was most galling ; and accordingly - they resolved, instead of' discontinuing the grant 1 to the school, to leave no means untried to pick a 1 bole in the report' so as to afford a pretext for i punishing his untoward conduct. Obviously the I Best — the most prudent, safe, and certain plan,. 1 was to set the Hon. Geoffrey and evangelic sister i at him ; which was accordingly done. The Com- 1 missioners forwarded them the adverse-report ; i and then ? . How the Belfast brethren enjnyed the sport, as folio after folio came, post after' post, from the Hon. Geoffrey, full of over bearing insult an-| opprobious epithet lavished : upon 'the 'Popish' 'instructor. How they ' patted the Hon Geoffrey and 'halloed' him on, and in forwarding his abusive epistles to their Head Inspector added, their own contributions of sting by insulting menace if he failed to 'instantly' and 'forthwith' explain and rebut this, that, and other foul inuendo or false allega tion hurled-ngainst him by the dancing dervishes : of Ballandine. He was charged with being a spy — with being ' more like an officer of the Romish Inquisition than of the National Board,' and the Hon. Geoffrey pledged his honourable word that the books objected to contained nothing of a denominational or controversially doctrinal nature— nothing, in fact, to which ' any but a narrow minded bigot could object.' Here the question became one of credibility between the territorial magnate-and the Education Inspector; and, as it may help us to estimate the credibility of the Hon. Geoffrey. Brown class in Donegal, we will enable our readers to judge how fur an ' Honourable's' honour and word are beyond suspicion. We will extract a few passages from the book. We must confine ourselves to one or two, for our space has been already overstepped. At page 293, vol'll. we find that :— ' Some, in our own country, have, like Shadrach, Meshach, und Abed-nego, been cast into the fire because they would not be idolaters. There was a time in England, when people were required to worship a piece of bread, which, the popish priest told them, was changed into the body of Jesus - Christ ! There were many holy men then, who could not believe this wicked and foolish lie j and they had courage and strength given them by God to refuse to obey. And what was done to them ? They were carried away, and hound to a stake ; and then their enemies set fire to tlie wood, and the martyrs perished in the flames ! The God of Sha drach, Meshaoh, and Abed-nego could have de livered them from the fire if He pleased. He still had power to do so, but it was not His will then to save His servants by a miracle.- He knew it was best that they should die in the fire ; their work on earth was finished, and He called them away to Heaven. But God did not forsake His people in their time of suffering. Jesus was with them, as He was with Shadrach, Mechach, and Abed- nego in the fiery furnace. They could not see him with their .bodily eyes, but they felt His love in their hearts ; He gave them patience to bear their pain, . and to sing His praises in the fire ; and when their bodies were consumed He sent His angels to carry their happy souls to. Heaven, to be with Him for ever. And these blessed martyrs are before the throne of God, singing the song of joy, ' Salvation to our God which sitteth on the throne, and unto the Lamb.' — Revelation vii., 10.' Farther on. at page 280, volume, III., Mrs. Riddley, 'with the best intentions' — as the Commissioners' declare — informed the Ballandine Papists, on the authority of this book' which, on the honourable word of an honourable gentleman, contained nothing of a doctrinal or controversial nature, that: — ' There hare been many, many martyrs since Stephen died. First, the apostles; then the early Christians ; and very inauy more in after times. There have been martyrs even in our own country. Holy men, and women, and children too, who were cruelly burnt to death at the time of the Reforma tion, because they would not join in the foolish and wicked errors of Popery. And where are all these holy martyrs now t They are happy with Jesus, aud will be so for ever.' ? Holy Saint Castiin of Kilkenny be praised! Your sufferings will not be forgotten in the next edition of ' Instruction for the least and the lowest' of Catholic pupils! under Irish Board of National Education. Now it seemed a grievous thing in Popish pupils ' under the Board' to be lieve that the mother of God was a bit better than any of themselves ; that it was true that all gene rations should call her Blessed ; or that, though the Holy Ghost declared it, she was ' Full of Grace.' So thought Mrs. Riddley — 'with the best intentions' — as the Commissioners have de clared. Accordingly she instructs them : — ' Was there anythiiig in'.' Mary which made God honour her so much ? Was she different from other women ; less sinful than they, and more worthy to be the mother of Jesus ? No ; Mary was, like every one of us, a poor weak sinner.' One more precious morsel and we shall have done. At page 336, vol. II, we are again in formed : — ' Stephen, and James, and Peter, and Paul, and many more, were put to death by their cruel ene. mies, for teaching poor ignorant people the way to Heaven. And mauy years after, at tlie time of the Reformation, when wise and good men tried to put an end to the follies and errors of Popery, they too were dreadfully persecuted, and some of them burnt to death by their Roman Catholic enemies.' Enough. Such was the. reading to which poor peasant Catholic girls had to listen, while they made crochet at the Bullindine National Indus trial School. Such, the books for objecting to which the Board encouraged, if not actually in stigated, an outpouring of abuse upon their Head Inspector such as no mercantile man would suf fer to his porter. The veracious Hon. Geoffrey Browne even went so far as to declare that having convicted the Head Inspector of falsehood (!) m the aff.iir, he would hold no further communica tion with him! The Inspector, nevertheless, re solved to crush the proselytism. He bore with the veracious Honorable's supercilious insults, and set about procuring a copy of the books, which he forwarded to the Board. One. would have thought this sufficient. No. As in Turkey a Christian's oath weighed naught against a Ma- hommedan's until Nicholas crossed the Pruth, so in Ireland nineteen' years after Emancipatun, a Catholic Head Inspector's word, backed even by such evidence, was insufficient to convince the Board that the Hon. Geoffrey was not right. They despatched a special envoy from Dublin — a Protestant gentleman — to hold an oral pnlaver with Mrs. Riddley and her brother, and to put the best face on things. Meantime, nearly seven montlis were circumlocutad away, the Proselytism continuing . in active operation ;; at length the Protestant .Inspector reported thai; every particle of the Catholic Inspector's statements were sup ported by facts, nnd that be found all the evils complained of by the latter in active existence. The Hon. Geoffrey lUen wrote to the Board that, indeed, after a more minute and'eareful perusal of the hooks, be found that a few passages here and there were, perhaps, slightly of a nature to, &c;, &c;, but that, nevertheless, the Catholic Inspector was as wrong, and lie as right as ever ! The re port of the Protestant Inspector put the .Board in a fix; to punish him they dare not, and to send a third they were ashamed. So a letter was written to the' IJon. Geoffry— not. culling him to account, or demanding an .apology for .his gross i insults to thfeir,' Inspector for truthful discharge !of his duty; not withdrawing the grant from the 'school-; or reprimanding the proselytism; not pointing out tji'at Mrs;' Riddley, being neither manager, mistress, nor. monitress, had no 'right to re;id ai)y book to the pupils; but — credit rit who will— praising Mrs. Uiddley, de claring that they were sensible she acted with the best intentions, and shoio her how to carry them out without infringing the tetter of tha Board's rule! Read the book during the hours of '? re ligious instruction' — says the Hoard in effect — with a friendly wink showing ' how to do it;' and you may defy the' inspector. This meant that during. u certain period — a printed board hanging oa the wall, back outwards, was to bs reverted; so as: to:shew' the' Ballindine girls' who- ro'uld hot read the words ' religions instruction.' In theory any of them so inclined could then leave' the school if they understood what the board meant, or noticed its reversal, presuming that they did not prefer remaining and not losing an hour's knitting. And thus the Commissioners ruled the case ; and to this day, for aught we know, the ' Scriptural Instruction for the least and the lowest' is being read by the good Mrs. Riddley to the poor Catholic girls of the Ballindine Industrial National School. We must now bid a temporary farewell to this interesting subject; we have oversteppod our limits, but we promised last week to show that proselytism had been pursued in schools under the Board ; that when a Catholic inspector ven tured to remonstrate against it he exposed himself to insult and severity ; that notwithstanding he made good his grounds of protest against the school, the proselytism was allowed to continue in active operation for months. We leave our readers to pronounce if we have kept our word, and Dean Meyler, and the other Catholics on the Board, to disclose' how far such proceedings have their sanction or cognisance. 