BALM FOR ALARMISTS. We should not like an invasion any more inan we should like the nation to be visited »iih ilie cholera, or aneanliquake, or universal Mormoiiism, or any other moral or physical convulsion: However, r it-will .be time .enough g be alarmed when the evil (if it ever shows ugly face amongst _ns at all) does _come. Tne man who never £Oes to sleep because he is anticipating every minute of ihe night an mack from burglars leads a very restless fiisience. If we are always alarming ourtelres in this -way, we shall never get any test at all. Better invite the Fiench over, mike an appointment where to meet them, ud have the thing out at once. We have TKPntly met with a cheerful fact that has inoihed our alarms most considerably. It items that in 1803, shorily'afterthe trace of Amiens, when the country was threatened •idi an invasion from Mr Napoleon the Uncle, »e had 300,000 men, regulars and militia, «nier arms,and nodess than 120,000 seamen. Tins was the result of volunteer enthusiasm. Since 1803, the population of England has Partly increased, and we should say that the taiiuual spirit -is as great, if not greater, at pwtnt tUan in the demented days of George the Third. Well, if we raised <20,000 men in '803, don't you think we could do twice, and fee times, as many now ? We believe that «erj peace man would -turn out. -It would MI surprise even us to see John Sright at the *«adof an impetuous regiment that , waved ^fiintly a set of drab colore, and rejoiced in ibetitle of "The Royal Quakers." K'e may alarm ourselves so much that we be completely unnerved when the danger a llj facts us. There is too much'scieaming >«ent, like children that are left In tlie When the light of thjih brcaksin upon !'»e fancy we shall be ashamed of our Oldish fears. Let us art? if we will; liut wis "eta surely do it with less^ noise. . We cry "ouch, like a parcel of Old women, that any »»t«mld ljeiiete that we were in a state-of ®»fl mo: tal fear. We begin to believe that * "ision of invasion is only the ghprt of our 1,1 1 bunted imaginations; and- having found tie illusion, tlie best thing our dignity can to laugh at it. Should theghost assnme i oodjjy f 0rm> cannot believe that the "M nation is so deficient in anbsor «mrage be aMe most effectually to jay it >nd for ever. The " French "ghost would Jf 1 «iih its churdojerd iń England, land would me again. .,'• . ' bU łtu4buc ' Ł may lake those-4^0,000 men with him, and. comfoiting jfciniself,with . "sutanoe that there iV.no need for appter? 10 ' 1 ! Withdraw tiie loaded »£«>lvbr from T'I'is pillow. Alluding to «he canine ujo^iaph taken by.hunself, we t>eg to assure Roebuck thai the dog Teat'em is too good ^ to allow himself to be frightened with J^® 8 - He can lie down in {«ifect peace, go to sleep.— jUoyfo Hen* 