THE RING IN OLD ENGLAND. FIGHT BETWEEN TOM SAVERS AND BILL BAINGE (ALIAS BENJAMIN) FOB .£400 AND THE CHAMPION'S BELT. Never has it been our lot to chronicle «n attempt to deprive a champipn of his rightfsl honours, which has been so signally unsuccessful as the puny effort which was made by Broome's Novice on Tuesday last to wrest from the gallant Sayers the valuable Jbelt .which he still holds, and has yet to defend against 11 comers , for two $tnd a |»alf years before it .can becomeihis own;' and ffe may withfijruth add, never harewe been so Completely nonplussed in our efforts to render a battle interesting to the public as on the present occasion. It will be recollected that shortly-after-the defeat of tbe Tipton Slasher in thelasfc summer, Harry Broome, accompanied by his Novice, came to our office, and a deposit was staked, which Savers was sailed jipon to ieover forthwith, or forfeit all title to his distinction,BO recently gained, at the " knuokles point" Tom, nothing Toth, lost no time>ip complying, iwith the requestof his bold challenger, articles were quickly drawn up in an amicable manner, and, we may at once state that from first to . last, the match, as far as the jlrinciples have been concerned, have been carried out ih the same friendly spirit. Shortly after the articles were signed, the Novice started on a spariing tour, in company with Harry Broome, And we believe had (no reason to repent of his 'experiment. Tom Sayers, also paid flying visits to most of the provincial sporting towns, exhibiting his brilliant trophy, and everywhere being welcomed most warmly.' ' ' : As the time for the encounter approached each man began to turn his attention more seriously to the task before him, and Benjamin in particular, under the guidance, of Harry Broome, did everything that his best friends could desire to render himself physically fit for the encounter, and we do not think we ever saw a man more throughly up to the mark than he was on Tuesday. Sayers, owing to some unexpected law proceedings concerning his family, was notable so soon to devote himself to work, but when he did begin, some five or six weeks back; he did not do things by halves, and what with hard work, sea bathing &c.;, he contrived to appear at the scratch in excellent form the only fcult to be found with him being that if anything he was rather too fleshy. Before proceeding further with our narrative, we may, for the information of our readers,; state that Bill Benjamin's real name is William Bainge that he was born about , eight, miles from NorthJeach, his family being very res pectable, and employed in agricultural pursuits. He states himself to be twenty-nine years of age, but from his appearance we shpuld judge him to be five or six years older. He is a civil, good-tempered man, with a bright clear grey eye, and a pleasing expression. His eight was" 5ft. lOJin., his weight about 12st, and his general appearance that Af a powerful, active b fellow. He never has fought in the P. R'. previous to Tuesday, and, as far as we can h learn,' had had no experience even in those casual frays whidh sometime induce men to betake themselves to a fistic fcareer. In fact, the only possible ground for his attempting to adopt pugilism as a means of livelihood appears to be that he. had some peculiar ^notions of his own astothe theory of attack- and- de'fehoe. How far he was able to put „ this theory jinto practice will be seen in the sequel^ Tixe u&M; with Sayers was not the first in "which he had signed articles, 'though' it was the first which brouj^ht; 'him' withiii the topes 1 and ••st&kire.; oome eighteen months back he was i with Bandoff tbp Israelite, for J25 aside,' M the latter Beerns tb have shriint from t^e,«on;" teBt, as he forfeited at the second deposit. coui^^^b^gewfletMiiliiissfinE^Mim that he was too old to commence a pugilist's life w|thF4S}jr $fiSn$ at distin$iS&, and] P well vypuljdit fcfv&^h "for him and backed hiih, iiad he adhered strictly ^o Irae advice thus disinterestedly given him. Tom Sayers, as every one knows, is a native of; # imli^o, .iBrightoir; fl^s born in 1826 J; weighs,lOst 121b; and stands just over 5ft 8in in height. His fistic career will be found in Fistiana. Hislast-important fights ^erewith. Aar6n ^bp^'^pd th0 Ti^h , ;3Slafel'«> , ; i fe'oth'pf whom he defeated in a manly upng^t manner, and without resorting to that dropping system now so common in the pugilistic hemisphere. He took his exercise first ut Brighton, and finished in the neighbourhood of Tunbridge" Wells. ' For some time after the match was made all kinds of rumours got abroad with respect thereto. Many would be knowing ones represented, Benjanuuto be a-perfect wonder, and, moreover, a: man thoiougbly acquainted with the art,, both practically and theoretically. More 'than' one person told us in confidence thatitwaatlieBQld Bendigo hirnself, under a wont dkguirre; otners said it was'Inston '{alias Flesh) of Dudley; and in fact we scarcely know-whojhe was not, according fco the reports •pfall these, sages. y, Sayers has been the favorite at about 2 to 1, but, on Monday eygning,. at Swift's, the cause of Benjamin received a fillip—one gentlemen present pfTering to bet an even pony on Benjarninlftmny pne vrho would stand half ji jioien; of champagne ; his offer was at""once accepted-; and he in the course of the evening laid five additional ponies on the. same terms. This boldness and confidence of course made some of the .layers of odds on Sayers look blue, and they, refused.to bet more than 5 lo 4, but it strikes us as quite possible this sum was invested as a last effort to make"Tom the nonfavorite, or else the layer must have been so assiduous in his libations to Bacchus as entirely to forget his prudence, for if he really wished to back Benjamin there were plenty of persons willing to bet him to any amount at 6 to 4. The arrangements as to the fixture for Tuesday,, being entrusted to Mr J. Gideon on the part of Sayers, and to Fred. Broome for the Novice, these commisioners took every possible step to secure a select and quiet company, and to prevent any annoyance from.,tbe powers that " wnuld" be.; At first a special train was decided upon, but insuperable obstacles being raised , at.the last moment to the intended scene of action, .it wasfqund necessary to change the venue, and the special instead of proceeding in the direction of a well known battle-field some 80 miles from London, was diverted in another, direction, and conveyed its passengers to,a sp^ot where they atonoo embarked on board a vessel which had been provided for the purpose, and were thus conveyed in comfort and with- celerity to another tilting' ground : ncit unknown to fame—being, in fact the scene of more than one victory on the. part of Tom Sayers. So admirable were; the arrangements both in London and at the pier that ail, {were safely embarked by half past nine, and so high was the figure for conveyance there and back, that the roughs were one and all excluded, and indeed many other peirsons who generally contrive to be present, were compelled to button up their " dies" in despair, and make up their minds to stay away. The consequence of this was that the company was most select—not exceeding 200 persons, the men, their friends, and the ring constables included. It was a piercingly cold morning, and as tbe early start necessitated a toilette some two hours before daylight, this also had some effect in thining the attendance., As soon as the special passengers had em barked, the office was given to the combatants, who had posted to the rendezvous in the early morning, to repair on board; and the summons being obeyed, a start was effected before ten o'clock,. and the trysting place was reached shortly after eleven o'clock, and with unusual celerity a good ring was pitched. It was not effected, however, until the company had been considerably augmented by some persons who came down by a passenger boat, havinggot wind of the matter on tbe eventful mbrnihg. Inspector Billy Duncan and his assistants exerted.- themselves manfully in cleaning the ring, doing their duty throughout the i very short encounter in a praiseworthy manner; and we are glad to be able to state . that we did not perceive a single case of intoxication among them. . Although tbe attendance was so limited, £10 17s. 6d. was realfsed by the sale of tickets, a sum which very nearly.sufficed to remunerate all the constables engaged.. It presented, however, a lamentable falling off as compared with other champoih fights, at which the receipts have een at least four times .as great. , . About half-past twelve the Champion made is appearance at the ring sidp, and,modestly dropped his castor within the ropes, following it immediately himself, attended by Bill Hayes And Harry'Brunton. He was hailed with loud cheers from all sides. Bill Benjamin was close upon his heels, and stepped into the circle ,underj,|he ; pare of Harry Broome and. Jemmy MaSsey. There was a smile upon the face of each^man.j but we ^anojed that of "BijnMs. was a sMile of genuiiae confidence,, while that, ofhis, .opponent had.somewhat of a nervous Wist' ibout it. ' They sH<^k Ijahds ^ood humouredlyv tossed for corner^ "Severs ^proving the winner, and. thefr ati onfc® .compienced.pedipg. ta1;he.' bitter frost and Southeasterly breeze. The colours, ajieaUreiich grey for Sayers, and blue and white spots for ijrfmift, -w'ere ribw tied to the stakes, the usial preliminaries wer&C;§ai&kly; MSledf fend at IfoBrteeifc minutes ,rto twelve "iime"^»as caffledi vThe be^rod&d; the ring was very fK&lri;,?. freely-. pffepe^-Jufc titers |e scarce at anything .under 5- to 2 • j , THE FIGHT. > J; 1 . , Round 1, Wen . thfi .men appeared at.the spmtcih, :which they *did,in the midst^.'perBe'ct nleHoe, there 'jwis^a visible- boiitrnst in their physij^pflwej-s." The ^ovice stood, wsll oy^r Sayers, bis ; muscles were larger and better ! 3eyeIoped,,an$ he looked,,as,he undoubtedly ,was, the more powerful man. His attftude at first twas good, and led one to su^)pose|he baijl studied .under a goiod master. His condition; was pcrfect, there not being a superfluous ofince about him,." Tom looked rather fleshy (about tbe chest and shoulders, but in such weather it was perhaps a fault on the right side., pip,- attitude was the.^anie as ev^r—cool;, calm, 1 and collected. He eyed his adversary with steadiness,, and there -Vrae the same uiimistakeable glance of confidence always -to' be lseen on his mug. - He bad evidently made up his-mitid to let the Novice make the first rtfoVe, and tried several dodges to draw him out, iiThe Novice, although evidently nervou^, ppai^d and feinted like au accomplish^ljbQxer for- a -brief peribi jand •at length tried his left-, but Tom.stopJjed, fcim with nonchaldhci, ^nd s ieturbe4" q.uickl5; !with : the left on ithe nozzle, and then on -the mark a sharp crack; The Novice etood his grouniJ, and now succeeded in stopping .Torn twice, •and returning, but very slightly, on the cheek., *Tom next deliv^ireil his left and right at close quarters on the cheek and jaw, .and the .Ifavice dropped. He was conveyed to his corner, and the lopk of dismay upon his." coijtenance as he glanced around.,was perfectly-ludicrous It was at onoe patent to all "that he ktew nothing of the, business he had undertaken, and that the contest was virtually over; tor directly his guard was broken though he appeared to have no resources. He could not use his legs, and his arms flew about like the sails of a windmill, so that Tom was able to put in both hands perfectly at his ease. Tbe celerity with which he brought his right into play thus early in the fight was rmarkable. 2 The Novice did not smile as he was wont to smile, but seemed to be on the look out for a place of secure retreat. Tom worked quietly up, led off with left, and was stopped, but the Novice missed his return. Tom then popped in his left very heavily on tbe gob, knocking hisopponet clean off his pins, and fiilling his potato-trap with ruby. The Novice lay as if undecided for a second, and then, turning over, got gradually on his pins,and his seconds took him to his corner. He shook his nut several times, and appeared extremely undesirous of encountering another of Tom's heavy shots, but, on time being called, Harry Broome pushed him forward, and he went reluctantly to the scratch, Massey, in disgust having declined to have any more to do with him. .3. Sayers, evidently bent on ; making short work of it,.quickly went to work, right and left Benjamin tried to rally with him, but beyond an Accidental touch on the lip, did not leiach him. - Tom planted heavily on the mouth and jaw, drawing more ruby, and down went the Novice,,all abroad. He lay iu the middle pf die ring and upthing could persuade , him to come to , " time." Broome then threw up the sponge, and Tom Sayers was again proclaimed the conqueror, and still champion, in six minutes and a Juilf, the battle if battle it can be called where it was all one way—being the most bloodless we ever witnessed. The Novice, on being asked to account for his cutting up 'so badly, said he was hit very bard in the mark in the first round; and not expecting to be hit there, it had made him very sick and incapable of exertiDg himself. Further than that he knew not. His easy defeat struck . dismay into all. his friends, and the look of surprise and contempt cast upon him by Jemmy Massey was a study for an artist. Both men at once left the field of action, and repaired on board the boat, where they lost no time in resuming their warm wraps, and taking other means to infuse a little of that caloric into their systems which had been bubstracted therefrom during their brief exposure to the outward air- As soon a.? possiple after their departure, the ring was cleared, and Nat Langham:s Black Diamond and Young Sullivan peeled to have sby'for. 'a £5 note The battle which was of a bustling merry description, however, was put an end to after a few rounds by the- untoward appearance of the blues, who fortunately arrived too late to.stop hostilities, during the important contest of the day. All had now to wadp almost knee-deep in mud to the small boats destined to convey them on board the vessel, ana tbe embarkation being otherwise safely effected, the " bobbles" and*wild fowl were left to dispute the ownership of the soil between them, but. whether the raw lobsters or their feathered friends first vacated the soil we have not, yet, ascertained.. The boat's head was immediately turned homewards, and with excellent management all were able to reach the metropolis by four o'clock. REMARKS. We question whether it is not an insult to the understanding <>f our readers to offer any remarks upon this singular exhibition of incapacity upon the part of the would-be champion. Of Tom Savers, we have nothing more to say. than that -he .did What he was called upon to do with the utmost nonchalance, • and that -he-' performed Jiis'task even easier than he had all along anticipated!. ; The Novice/; did not ex r , hibit a single point Whioh would entitle him to be; oalled $yen an, " outsider." From the tirie that he"wa6'foiled' 1 in 'his vfery first'move, hejcannot be said 1 to have even «tried." All his senses seemed to have left him,; and as far me were able to judge, the only predominant thought in his mind was how to escape from- 1 the dile^upaiin 'which he had been placed,. with the least damage to himself. Doubtless he was hit very heavily, but still he had not received even half enough to justify him in crying "a go," had he meant winning at all hazards. That he must eventually have been beaten by such a man as Sayers, barring an accident, is a positive certainty, and that he exercised a sound discretion in not submitting to further punishment is equally true; that he has done more than heap ridicule upon himself and those who brought him out, by his miserable performance, is a proposition not to be hazarded for a monent. How such a judge of fighticg as Harry Broome could have made the mistake be'., did we cannot, understand, but the task of bringing out a candidate for the championship once undertaken by a man of his known "talent," it is easy to understand how the public were induced to come forward• and .take.the .long odds offered on Sayers. Among tbe, deceived was the rehowned Jemmy jlasSey, who, liking a P" peirance of the man, and being ,led on by -the report^ ofHany/Brpome as to bis man's cleverness and... gluttonous qualifies; took the odds of 2 to 1 to a considerable amount. - • We have:received several letters on the.subject of Benjamin, saying he never meant win- ,nlng, .and one correspondent informs us that he partook of a hearty meal not very long' before he went ashore to fight. Whether this is true or not we cannot say ; but of this we fell confident that, whether he meant winningor no, he could not have a ghost of a chance against Tom Sayers, or against many a much smaller opponent with only half Tom's pretentious to science. In conclusion, we have only to say that the whole affair was carried, out from first to last in a quiet and orderly way, and there was no fault to find with the partisans of either man for either unseemly language or noisy demonstrations. All that was required to render it a model fight was a little more devil.and resolution on tbe part of the loser, As a fight for the championship it was neitlier more nor less than a signal failure. 