WEST MAITLAND. (From a Correspondent.)' On Sunday last, the Rev. Dean Lynch, before proceeding with his instructions on the gospel of ;he day, said, that he thought it right to acquaint his congregation with the result of the synod, which had been recently held at Camphelltown. His Grace the Archbishop had permitted each clergy man, in his discretion, to acquaint his congregation with what had taken place. It would be gratifying, aciued me Kev. gentleman, to know that the greatest unanimity had prevailed. And it was resolved, that the interests of religion required the Archdiocese to be divided into several Bishoprics. They even went so far as to to recommend that the Holy See should appoint Bishops to each of the four principal towns in New South Wales, viz.: — Maitland, Brisbane, Goulbiirn, and Bathurst. The See of Adelaide was vacant, hut that the synod would not interfere with, as it lay in a different colony. . The Synod, whilst admitting the great and un wearied zeal of his Grace the Archbishop, respect fully submitted it was quite 'impossible for his Grace, physically, to give that attention to the wants of the Archdiocese which the interest of our holy religion required. The spirit of the Holy Ghost, continued he, seemed to have descended upon their labours, and they were also unanimous in resolving, that consequent upon the sub-division of the colony into Bishoprics, Diocesan schools shoald bo estab'- lished. For himself, he did not hesitate to express his opinion, that the College at Lyndhurst was too expemive. What they required was something be tween the present denominational schools nnd the iPne at Lyndhurst. There were also other matters troiight before the Synod, relating to ecclesiastical discipline, wlijch the laity were not concerned in, and which would be out of his province to touch upon. Such is the substance of the information given by the Rev. Dean of tlie proceeding of the Synod. But, lor anything that is contained in it, except the ' discretion' which it has been permitted each cler gyman to use, he might as well have held his peace. Wehad thought, that the interest which the Rev. Dean has evinced for the cause of religion, in his long .career, would have led him to touch upon some of those subjects which have agitated tlieCa tholic laity, .and which have been: the ^subject of their, fatnous petition. ' ;*. . The Rev. Gentleman.surely can' liave no extra ordinary-leaning towards Benedictine: rule ; and his hearers would have' been glad to learn whether this infant .'-Empire' is to rema'n a Benedictine pastu rage, or whether others than those. disciples of the Lord's vineyard are to be admitted to labour.' But the woithy Dean was silefit upon these points ; and nothing' has yet been said to relieve ns from tlie anxiety, which w» have naturally felt as to the re sult oi' the Synod. It is notorious, that it was con vened in con«equence of the remonstrance^ of the laity setting forth their melancholy position, in com parison with other religious bodies ; and yet u pon one point only, as to ihe distribution of the colony into Bishoprics, (which,: in a recent pastoral; .-ve were infjrmed, was beyond the province of the laity, and the scope of Archiepiseoparauthority,) has any in formation been vouchsafed. Nothing whatever has been said as to the introduction, upon equal terms with the Benedictines, of secular Clergymen, and of Clergymen of other orders. 'We trust we shall soon be able to congratulate the Rev. Dean Lynch as the Bishop elect of Maitlaud. But before assuming the ecclesiastical reins of power, we should certainly have wished to know his sentiments upon the pre sent state of affairs. Does he think that the inter ests of religion are served, by allowing the rising population to grow up unrestrainedly in ignorance and vice 1 Look to our large towns and metropoli tan city, and does it not wring the heart to see the disregard of religion and religious sentiments in the young, also the alienation of the old from the holy ties of their religion ? and to what is this to be at tribute'd, but the neglect of the shepherds in their pasture j and yet, with all these shortcomings, there is no religion in greater favour, among all classes, than that of our Holy and Apostolic Church. It may be proper, although we doubt the fact, that in the proceedings to establish our religion upon a sulid basis in this young country, the laity should be ignored. They have made a tender of their ser vices however, and upon them cannot rest the blame of any defections or shortcomings for want of their assistance. In tlieir simplicity they suggested that the Lord's pasturage should be thrown open to all the Lord's labourers. That Capuchin Friars, for instance, Oratorians, Jesuits, and Christian brothers, are necessary — the first to lay open the heart Of the sinner, the second to plead eloquently to the wavering. The Jesuit to compete with the tide of infidels, ami others of an undoubtedly clever stamp who have already set in upon our shores j and the Christian brothers to train the young in the way they should go. But according to the 'discre- tion' given, none of these subjects have been touched upon. Nothing, moreover, has been said as to Catholic .organization, nothing as to the administration of church funds, nothing as to altar and other societies iu which the Catholic Church in other countries is so rich. We should certainly like to have been informed whether there was any remonstrance on the part of the Clergy as to the inefficiency of the present Vicarship in matters of business. Whether unlimited sway is still to be placed in the hands of an imperious Abbot, whose iroii-nilp has destroyed the aspirations of many a ne:iphyte, and whose care for the welfare of the Church seems to bu lost, according to Benedictine doctrine and usage, in the ' sanctification of his own siul.' Let us hope, however, that, notwithstanding these discouragements, the Catholic Church will still flourish, and tliat »he will be able to bear not only assaults from without, but defections nnd shortcomings from within. The step which the laity. has taken must be followed ftp, and if we can not get relief from our immediate pastor, we must carry it to the throne of St. Peter — the watoh-tuwer : of our holy religion. Let our petition, according to usage, if ;i special messenger cannot be accredited, p.iss through the hands of our Archiupiscopul pastor, and whether the prayer of thut petitiou lie recommended, or not, we shall assuredly fiud iu more titan one stray visitor to the Papal See true exponents of out position, and ere lung, we may hope to sec the charter of our Catholic liberties granted to us under the seal of \\\\\a ling of the Fisherman. September 20th. The Qiiarteily Licensing Meeting, just terminated in this city, has granted fourteen new publican's licenses, and a very Urge number of transfers. 