IIAHEY, THE HOUSE TAMER. Mr Rarcy's feats in horse taming have attracted great attention in Paris. A commission was nominated by the Emperor to examine the mode of proceeding, and Its report, it Is said, is very favourable to Mr llarey. In order to put the system to a vigorous test, It caused to be purchased, at Caen, r four year old horse by Tipple Cider, noted for Its violence and for kicking furiously whenever an attempt was made to put a crupper on It. In the space of four days this horse was at docile with tho saddle and in harness could be desired, nnd he allowed n whip lo bo cracked al-out his head and a drum to be beaten on his back without any manifestations of fear. Another experiment was made on March ?, nt Tattcrsall's, on a stallion belonging to the Haras du (,'Juny, the property of govern* ment, and which was so nntnmcable, su vicious, so furious, in fact, Ihat n resolution had been adopted to kill It The animal was lent for the purpose by M de llaylen, ehef de l-i division des Haras, In mtnlafrv nf A-yrlrtl1titr#» and wimmrffdl find at msnV BS 5l)0 mctn* -ers of the Jockey and other clubs assembled to see what Mr Itarcy ?oul'i do with him. In company with this horse, which arrived with ^cavr-x or,, nn-i rr.uixlcd, and led by two men, Mr Itarcy fastened In a stall, and In an hour after he came out mounted on ts6 **»»»'/ Although the horse had always previously bitten the legs jf3f'';Mone who mounted htm, he was then perfectly quiet, and hoi^'Phe very sight of a whip was accustomed to set him In a fury, ic rrtttlvcd a correction as quietly as the best broken In horse would i-ave done. Mr Karey then requested to be allowed, to keep the horte for three days, promising at the conclusion of that time to give him up as quiet ns any lady's horse; and hit application was readily granted. ' The * Hostnn Journal' has somo rcmaiks on Mr Tlarey's syitem. of horse taming : ' Wc saw Mr Harry some two years since, nnd had a long and interesting conversation with him in regard to his petu'.iar mode of subduing wild and vicious horses He rcpreasntrd that his power was obtained solely through certain herbs and drags, first subduing the desire of the horse to injure him, and then by inspiring the beast with affection and confidence he h enabled to do whatever he chooses with him. These herbs and. dcugtnre perfectly harmless, und as Sir lliehard Airey aayt, « there Is nothing in the treatment but what any horseman would approve of,' ' The horse castor is a wcrt excrescence which grows on every horse's fore legs, and gehcrVlly on the hind legs. It has a peculiar rank musty smell, and l^ easily pulled off. The amrnoniacal rflluvia of the horse, It Is stated, seems peculiarly toeoncentrnte in this part, and its very strong odour has a great attraction for all animals, especially c.sr/inc, and tbe horse Itself. The oil of Uhndium pot. testes peculiar properties ; all animals arc said to cherMi a fondness for P.. ami it exercises a kind of subduing influence over them. F-»r t*ie oil of cumin the horse has an instinctive passion s t-oth are orl' ginal natives of Arabia, and when the horse scents the odour he is instinctively drawn towards It. Mr James Telfer. **the Northum berland llor*e Tamer,' says he can tamo the inostsiiiout horso without using any drug whatever. Diaoolicu. MunnF.n. — On tbo nicbt of tlw 23r«l °f February, a foreigner accosted three French girls In the llaymarket and, nflcr a short conversation, accompanied one of them, Madame . J.ouite Thaubin, to her lodgings. In Arundel court. The foreigner i left the h'»u?e In the morning about one o'c'ock. As In the course 1 of the day Madame Louise did not make her appearance, the keeper of the house ami the lodgers began to have suspicions, and oliout seven o'clock iu the evening they resolved to search the room They were horrified at finding Madame LouWe dead, and quite black In the face from strangulation. 7h're were finger marks on the throat, and Indications of « violent struggle. Medical aid was Immediately procured, but the doctor pronounced that ihe woman had l-ccii dead for some hours. There was a small quantity of blood oti the pillows On examining the room, It was discovered that neatly all the wearing apparel of the dead woman was missing; ns also some pawnbrokers' duplicates and money. 1 he black velvet cloak the deceased wore when the met the foreigner wat also gone. A* tfic earringt were torn from the ears of the deceased It seemed that robbery was the motive of the barbarous murder. The police in a few days g.-t on the track of the suspected nt%a*»in 'They found him on board of a ship bound for Monte Vi-ieo, which had dropped down the Thames, and was Just about to set sail from Gravescnd. He had amongst hit luggage the trinkets and other articles which hail belonged to the murdered girl. He is an Italian nged SI years, a tinsmith, born at Dorno d'Ostola, and his name it Giovanni Lani. He hut since been fully committed for trial. A coroner's inquest has alto iwen held on the body of the deceased, nnd the Jury have returned against Lanl the verdict of 'wilful murder.' llio Ren. — ' Rfc Ren' h.v« bom hmkon up. Up was lowered the other day from tho massive framework which supported him in the corner of the palace yard, nnd laid upon his side on the ground. In this position the great weight of the head of the bell caused It to slnHinto.the/»a^b„^ nMft.toWtoroir'tav&hing; fike an enormous cavern. On the framework above the ball of iron weighing 21 cwt was hoUted to a height of about J:) feet, nnd suf fered to fall with nil its weight upon poor Den. Down came the mass In the inside of the sound bow, and, with a bellow, poor hen yielded up the ghost— two pieces, one of about a ton, and one of some 10 cwt or 19 cwt being knocked clean out of his side. After the first blow the work of destiuction went on rapidly. The frag ments were all carted away to the foundry where the metal is to be Gtii.n is (\\\li pnitviA — Tho \ icM of cold in California is supposed to have been ns large the last as in any previous year. Quartz mining is constantly Increasing, and attracting a large amount of capital. The same may be said of tunnel mining, and with increased supplies of water the wotked out placet are explored to depths never before attempted. Shafts sunk into these old sur* face diggings reveal the fuct of gold being deposited in several strata far itclow the old levels, ivud wjth the application of hydrnullepower to these mines, many of them formerly abandoned are now worked to advantage. Water canal companies have also been formed In several sections of the mining country for the purpose of diverting the streams of riven, nnd conveying water by artificial means to supply the miners with water for 'washing,' and during this year there is reason to believe that some of the richest raining districts, hitherto left untouched for the want of water, will be made (o yield abundantly. 