THEATRE ROYAL. HAMLET. Mr. Brooke's Hamlet-that arduous and iDg character to any actor must be studied and dealt with as a whole to do it justice and W wiu repay the study' for its desert is very great. In the opening scene Mr. Brooke exhibits the profound melancholy of a morbidly reflective ; mind, deepened and confirmed by the experience of a great calamity. He would willingly films "of the burden of existence, yet fears the penalty consequent upon the "canoe which the " Everlasting has fixed against telf-sloughter." When the intelligence of the '"nation is communicated to him, the riding] after his nature to its very depths, and fill W with a hope which, for the time, at least, EupersedeB his habitual despondency. The prospectus holding commerce with his father's spirit makes life endurable. Anon, when the twelve manifests itself to him visibly, the actor portrays the effect of that supernatural imitation upon the mind of Hamlet with Twnderfiil delicacy of discrimination. He is apt. Wonder, terror, and curiosity are Handed in his speech, and he utters JEBB most secret thoughts, as one who is unconscious that he speaks. In his colloquy with the ghost, horror tempo larlly benumbs his faculties and subdues He native vigor of his mind and when, upon a sudden, the reaction comes, it expresses itself in "wild and wheeling words," and bitter Dailies of sardonic humor ; while, as soon as his mind subsides to its ordinary level, he is oppressed by the weighty duty Tjhich destiny and the dictates of his father's spirit have laid upon him. Some diversion from the fulfilment of this duty he finds it may be seeks-in scoffing jests, flung scorn fully at old Polonius. When the Prince's schoolfellows come upon the scene, he softens to his old associates, and gives them somewhat of his confidence, opening up to their view tow of the most sombre recesses of his naiad, sod uttering that strain of mournful music Ifglnning "This goodly frame the earth," and breaking off with a petulant reproach. to Rosencrantz for indulging in on unseasonable smile. Then intervene the players and here again he seizes upon the incident of the passing hour as a welcome diversion, and it is not until they have left his presence that is avenging office recurs to mind, and he finds in the simulated passion of the actor an argument to prick the sides of his intent ;" and then " he unpacks his heart with words, And falls securing Uko a very drab." But even then, when almost Irresistible prompted to his revenge," the speculative quality of the Prince's mind is shown in the suggestion which he revolves in it, of the spirit being one of evil, which may, perchance, obtain a dangerous dominion over a nature so weak and melancholy as his own. In that wonderful but sadly hackneyed soli- today in the third act, his life weariness and irresolution, his cogitations and introspective j modes of thought, are strikingly apparent ; willie the whole of tho dialogue with Ophelia, which immediately follows, exhibits the bitterness of the hypochondriac at constant War with the reviving tenderness of the same (time IOVOT. Another aspect of the Prince's character is presented by the actor in the brightest light when the players come for the purpose of receiving their instructions. Hamlet is here the scholar and the gentleman, the man of nicest taste and closest observation, entirely justifying the eulogy which Ophelia has just pronounced upon him. A sense of triumph, achieved by the operations of his intellect, seems to afford enjoy sent to the actor while he is watching the influence of the play enacted before the royal pair, and a gleam of almost savage joy lights up his countenance when he has finally and ceeded in sheeting home the charge of murder to the Am? ; while all the Prince's pride is presently aroused, and his resentment finds indignant vent in the reproofs ho administers to the courtiers, whose attempts to play upon him he hits detected and exposed. Left alone for a moment, he reanimates his slumbering purpose of revenge, and so passes on to the interview with his mother, throughout the whole of which the actor depicts with uniform Vigor and vividness a tumultuous conflict of emotion! final affection for a loving mother, filial fondness for a murdered father-abhor- rence of the crime, aversion to the criminal an overwhelming awe, inspired by the sudden apparition of his father's spirit-a transitory feeling of remorse for Polomus's death, and for the violence with which he is compelled to wring his mother's heart. In the fifth act Mr. Brooke shows us Hamlet still remote from the execution of his commission to avenge. He meditated and moruliflBB in the churchyard, like a Danish Dr. Young, indulging in his speculative philosophy and reflective tendencies, and still postponing action, and discoursing upon mortuary subjects with the eloquence and gusto of Sir Thomas Browne. Nor is it till the Prince is confronted with the spectacle of Ophelia's corse and Laertes' grief, that he is fairly roused to action, and he (sombre catastrophe to which events have pointed, rather than tended, from the first is finally precipitated. Such was the Hamlet presented to UJ last night by Mr. Brooke, who sustained the silent tindeloBo attention of a crowded house (a few Tefmctory babies excepted) until midnight, when he was called before the curtain, to receive enthusiastic plaudits. Did time permit, we should be glad to enlarge upon the merits of Mrs. Vickery's Queen, Ure. Heir's Ophelia, Mr. Lambert's Polonius, and Mt. IT. Younge's First Gravedigger, but is it is, must confine ourselves to a general commendation. To night Mr. Brooke takes a farewell benefit, and it bids fair to prove such in every time of the word. LIONEL LEVER-The person, who name has J been so notorious for the last few weeks, was again brought upon warrant yesterday, at the City Police Court, charged with attempting to utter a forged letter of credit for £2,600. Detective Cartwright, who had charge of the prisoner, applied for a remand of seven days. This was opposed by Mr- Gatty Jones, solicitor for the prisoner, as doing unjust and unreasonable, unless a good ground were made out, and the learned gentleman urged that a remand of 24 hours was sufficient. Mr. Home, for the prosecution, supported the application for the seven days, on the ground that the witnesses were not ready, and that the prisoner had been at rested only so recently as Saturday night. Mr. Jones said the prl to-Bi had already been set free on two charges at the Supreme Court, and it was tyrannical to prosecute him, in the present manner unless some good ground were made out. Mr. Horne totally denied that the pri- soner had got off as Mr. Jones had said, except through an oversight. The Bench, under the circumstances, thought the application for a remand reasonable, and at first remanded the prisoner till Thursday, but upon the urgent remonstrance of Mr. Jones, they ultimately decided on remanding the case till Wednesday. A VAGRANT. At the City Court, yesterday James Stanley was charged with vagrancy, Dr. Early, of the Immigrants' Home, told the Bench that on the previous afternoon the prisoner had come to the Home, apparently in a veiyjltstitute and craving condition, and obtained a loaf of bread. He turned to go away, and they were thinking of giving him some meat as well, when he was actually seen to throw the bread from him. Dr. Earl) thought this a case for the police, and gave the prisoner in charge. The latter, when protested his extreme sorrow for what he had done, was, after a severe lecture from the Bench, discharged with a caution. The Mayor remarked that he was glad to and that persons in an a two lutely destitute condition were relieved at the Home, and said that on Sunday night h met with a vagrant who told him he had just come down from Kilmore. He (the Mayor: and him to a public-house to get a meal, a line was under the impression that he could not send him to the Immigrants' Home with cut an order. Dr. Early said that, though they were at present very full, yes they never refused help or shelter to an one really in want of it, but they usually say it on condition of the applicant submitted himself to labor test, that was, they put him to some manual employment, with the view finding out if be really were willing to work for himself, and they often found this last test rid them of a good number of thorough going idlers- Within the last few months they had found employment for no less than 300 persons at thistle cutting, and by the iricnnB had nearly cleared the neighborhood of South Yarra, and some other localities,! the thistle nuisance. ACCIDENT ON THE ROADS, Yesterday (at Both just.) morning a loaded dray, en route for -Maryborough, was capsized, at the Spring and smashed almost to atoms. A woman who was riding on it at the time narrowly escaped with. her life ; she was much bruised, but for tunately was not seriously injured. Kaal J IB time the roads were repaired.-Tarrengow James. 