UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE. AUSTRALIA'S daughters, arise! from your lethargy wake! Your freedom is threaten'd, your interest's at stake, Your wrongs long unheeded, calling loud for redress Publicity seek, through the fetterless Press-- And with clarion voice, thunder forth to the skies A demand for that justice, our country denies; For woman was first at the sepulchre, last at the cross, Not hoping for gain, nor caring for loss-- At Sebastapol 'mid the cannon's dull roar See her, the pale suff'rer's couch bending o'er; Firmly and well, her duty performing-- Nor heeding the artillery that round her is storming; In literature's path she hath successful essay'd, And many a bright glowing scene, her pen hath portray'd; No longer, let such devotion and talent, unnoticed, remain-- A blot on our laws, on our country a stain, When its history's pages shall tell- How, when the sprite of convention had tolled its last knell, And suffrage universal, and ballot-- Gave to each indigent, squandering sot, Who could a six month's residence boast-- Although not of one virtue, possessing the ghost, The right of a vote, and women such privilege denied, And her just claims set aside. Of Britain, a Queen holds the helm, And shall we, of her sex, who inhabit this realm, Unworthy be deem'd of a right, Our Council vouchsafes to the lowliest wight In the form of a man, and (H., thy letter I quote,) Ranked be with felons, and minds idiotic, unable to note, Of their country, the fall or the rise-- Objects we pity, or haply despise. Oh! statesmen, ne'er let it be said with a sneer, That, while to virtue and talent you turned a deaf ear, To vice you most leniently bowed, And gross partiality for the vulgus profanus avowed. No! Cowper, while yet thou'rt in power, Seize on the fast fleeting hour; Your own and Australia's honour redeem, And posterity thy name shall revere and esteem. Senators, from you nought but justice we ask, Feeling sure that you'll not slight your task; To your hearts and your honour appealing, We await the time, when your decision revealing, Shall make us your equals in fact, as in name--, And to the franchise-elective, give us a claim. Then, like a ship that is struck with Euroclydon's blast, Let those who opposed us stand trembling aghast-- Nor dare raise their heads, of honour all shorn, When shall dawn triumphant and joyous our morn. Argyle, July 14th. CLAIRE. 