SWALLOWING AN OYSTER ALIVE. BT .Ton?* 3. R.--BB (lOMTATKi:). Ai 1 lute hour titw other night, t'uo door i.-f ?n'. yj; iis'r house in our city v.-.-.tthriifil open, and in stalked r hero from tho Sucker Gate. He wr.a quito six feet hiab, spare, somewhat s'.oopod, with hungry niid anxious countenance, and his hands pushed down to the bottom of his breeches pockets. His outer covering hard to du- I conclusion that his suit had been made in his boyhood, of a dingy yellow Iinsey-wolacy, and that, having sprouted up with astonishing rapidity, he had been forced to piece it out with all colors in order to keep pace with his body. In spite of all his oxertions, ho had fallen in arrears about a foot of the necessary length, and, consequently, stuck that far through his inoxpressibles. His crop of hair was surmounted by the funniest little seal- skin caps imaginable. After taking a position, he indulged in a long Btaro al the man opening tho bivalves, and slowly ejaculated — ' istere ?' ' Ye3, sir,' responded tha atteative operator, 'and fine ones they are, too.' 'Well, I'vo heard of isters afore,' says he, 'but this is the first time I'vo seed 'em, and perhaps I'll know what thar made of afore I go out oi town.' Having; expressed this desperate intention, ho cau tiously approached the fish, and scrutinised tho uncased clioll.flo). wUh „ urnulrl tiovn done honor to the more illustrious searcher of tho hid den mysteries of nature. At length ho began to soli loquise the difficulty of getting them out, and how queer they looked when out. ' I never seed any thin' hold on so — takes an amazin' site of screwin, hoss, to get them out, and ain't they Blick nnd slippery when the? does come ? Smooth as an eel ! I'vo a good mind to give that feller a lodgin, jut to realise tuo enacts, as uncio jess useu to say about spekalanhin.' ' Well, sir,' was tho reply, ' down with two bits, and you can havo a dozen.' 'Two bits!' exclaimed the Sucker, 'now come, that's stickin' it ou rito strong, hoss, for isters. A dozen ou 'em ain't nothin to a chicken, and there's no gettin' more'n a picayune apice for them. I have only realised forty-five picayunes on my first venture to St. Lou'ib. I'll tell you what, I'll gin you two chickens for a dszen, if you'll conclude to deal.' A wag, who was standing by, indulging in a dozen, winked at tha attendant to shell eut, and the offer was accepted. '? Now mind,' repeated tha Sucker, 'all fair — two chickens for a dozsu — you're a witness, mister,' turning at the same time to the wag ; ' nene of your tricks, for I've heard that your city fellows are mighty slippory coons. ' The bargain being fully understood, our Sucker aquared himself for the onset ; deliberately put off his saal-skin cap, tucked up bis sleeves, and fork in hand, tiwuibeu sue apuearaaue vi 11 u. i. . i u t — jo ainv — and quickly it waB bolted. A moment's dreadful pause ensued. Tbo wag dropped hiB knife and fork, and with a.look of nmazemeut aud horror — something akin to Shakspeare's Hamlet on seeing his daddy's ghost, while he burst into the exclamation — 'Swallowed alive, as I'm a Christian 1' Our Sucker friend had opened his mouth with plea sure a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear, a horrid dread of ho didn't know what — a consciousness that all wasn't right, and ignorant of the extent of the wrong — tho uncertainly of the moment was terrible. Urged to desperation, ho faltered out1— ' What ou earth's the row 1' ' Did yojJ6*viJl.ow it alive V inquired tha wag. ' I swid^wsd it i-st oa ho gin it to me !' shouted tho Sucker.' . ? 1 ' You're a dead man,' exclaimed his anxious friend, 'the creature is alive, and will eat right through,' added he, in a most hopeless tone. ' Get a pizsn pump and pump it out 1' screamed the Sucker, in a frenzy, his eyes fairly starting from their sockets. '01 gracious — what'U I dof — it's got hold of my innards already, nnd I'm dead as a chicken I — do something for me, do — don't let tho infernal Bea fcoad eat me afore your eyes.' 'Why dou't you put somo of this on it?' in quired tho wag, pointing to a bottle of strong pepper sauce. The hint was enough — the Sucker upon the instanlj-; seized the bottle, and desperately wrenching out the cork, shallowed half the contents at a /ingle draught. Ho fairly tquealed from its effects, and gasped aud blowed, and pitched and t wis tod, as if it woro coursing through him with olectrio effect, while at tho same tima his eyes ran a stream of tears. At length, be coming little composed, his waggish adviser ap proached, almost bursting with suppressed laughter, aad inquired - ' How ore vou now, old fellow — did you kill it?' f( 1IT ,1 T *,!, . ' - - ? J- 1 ? !- Tf \-- wen. jl am, nous — ugn 0-0-0 — :ny iuikuub. jll that ister critter's dying agonies didu't Btir a 'ruption j iu/me equal to a small oarthquike, then 'laii't no use a^yin' it— it squirmed like a sarpint when that killln' stuff tonchod it ; hu' 1' aud hero, with a countenance of suppressed agony and prescut determination, ho paused to give force to his words, and sloivly and de liberately remarked, 'if you git two chickens from ine for that live auimal I'm d ? d 1' ' and seizing hia seal Bkiu he vanished. The shout of laughter and the contortions of tho company' at this finale would have mado a spectator believe they had all been swallowing oysters alive. A few days ago M. Costo. the emin ent pisciculturist, communicated a paper to tha Academy of Sciences, in which ho slated that, with the aid of the Minister of Publio Works, he had bsan enabled to create a kind of marine observatory at Concarueau (Pinistere) for tho purpose of studying the habits aud instinct of various sea fish. A terrace has been formed on tha top of a house on th* quay, with reservoirs arranged like a flight of steps. The sea-wat':r is pumped up to the topmost resorvoir; and thence flows down slowly, after tho man ner of a rivulet, 50 centimetres in breadth, along all tho other reservoirs, which together form a length of about 80 metres. This length is diviied into 95 cells by wire-not partitions, which, allowing freo passage to the water, yet prevent tho different speoies of 63b from mingling together. By this ingenious contrivauce each kind lives feparate, enjoying its peculiar food and ha bits unconscious of its state of captivity. Having de scribed this apparatus, M. Coate gives an account of tho result of his observations, which aro both new and curiouB. Some species, such as tho mullet, stickleback, &e.;, grow perfectly tame, will follow the hand that offers them food, and will even allow themselves to bo -taken out of tha water without attempting to avoid it. The goby aud bull-head aro less familiar ; tha turbot, urhinh I.-iaVa an unlntnllirrfint'. will nevertheless take food from the hand ; it changes color when irritated, the spots with which it is covered growing -palo or dark according to the emotions excited in it. But tho most curious circumstance concerning it is, that it swallows fish of a much larger size than would appear compati ble with the apparent BmaUncM ef its mouth. Thus, a young turbot, not mora than ton inches in length, has been seen to swallow pilchards of the largest size. Tiio pipe-fiBh has two curious peculiarities. TheBe fish forui groups, entwining their tails together^ and remain ing immoveable in a verticil position, with their heads upwards. Whm food is oEfered them thoy per form a curious evolution — they turn round on their baoks to roceivo it. This is owing to the peculiar posi tion of the mouth, which is placed under a kind of beak, and perpendicular to its axis. Tbe crustacoous tribes have also famUlied much matter of observation. The prawn and crab, lor instance, may be quoted as exercising tbe virtue of conjugal fidelity to tho highest degree ; for tho mala takes hold of his mate, an 4 never lets her go ; he swlins with hsr, c Kiwis about with her, ?and if sho be foroibly taken away from him he seizes hold of her asain. The metamorphossa to which variouo crustaceans are subject havo ulso been studied with much attention ; and M. Coste finds, for ex arnplo, that all the Zoea hitherto described by various authors ayo but tho larvje of brachyurons decapdoes, and not, as baa been supposed, tho embryos of craba or lobsters. M. Proudhon, the notorious Socialist, was sentenced somo time since by tho police court of Paris»to three years' imprisonment f*r having published a blasphe mous libol. He appealed from the sentence, and tho cause was called on tho other day, but M. Proudhon was not forthcoming. It was stated to the court that he had gone to Brussels. Tha sentouca is confirmed, but it is uot expsoted that Proudhon will return to France, The Corrierc Afereanlile of Genoa relates tho follow ing curious mode of takiu; revenge on an unfaithful wife : — A wealthy inhabit&ut; of the Vioo die Vecchietti (a stroet in Genoa) had obtained unequivocal proof of his wife's bad conduct Without getting into a passion or proceeding to violence, as most people would do ill such a case, ho simply turned his wife out of doors with her paramor, and then sent for a carpenter, whom ho directed to set up a catafalque, such as is used in Roman Catbolio Churches for the funeral servics. This done ho aent invitations to all liis friends for the following evening, when they found tbo room lit up with burning tapers. Their host made them stand round the catafalque and requested them to chant the service for tho dead, himBelf acting as conductor, thus j intimating that bis wifo was thenceforward duad to him. Ho then conducted them to a well-provided | table, where he entertained them until a late hoar. 1 