TO TIL EEDITO I OF THI E LAUNCESTON EXAMINERI OUR OWN DEFENDERS. Sin-flow long are the younger man of Tas. mhnia to abridge themselves, or be abridged of the natural gift of their race, the spirit of their forefathere, the power to meet and repel a fone Are they to be restrained until that foe shall have entered Storm Bay or passed our Northern bar (in either of those cases too late) ? or are we unknowingly ministcrlng to some peace-at any.prlce faction P or is there so great a dearth of loyalty in our representatives that no one of sumclent influence or Ict lto introduce the sub ject under purliamentary rule In our Lords and Commons can be found ? Take the words as prophetic or otherwise, as you will, but the present is pregnant with events to England and nher colonies. England itself is on the brink of another Europeann war. Napoleon, like "Frankenatein's" created ghost, has created a power he can no longer control. Study well the now imperious tone of France and France's army towards England. Note the significant ministorial speech in our Commons-"the colonies muit arm themselves,"and "should furnish a Regiment or two for India." Wit inss tile progress of the fortifications on England's coast, and more particularly that portion parallel to France, tile result of almost tihe last note of warning of the greatest soldier and profoundest statesman-" the Iron Duke." Contemplato the now preparing Channel fleet under a semblance of a remodelled coast guard. But to come nearer home, view the late re moval of her baljesty's troops from our now whollly unprotected island, and then tell me if it is not full time to cast off that lethargy of action, that procrastinating spirit which obtains both here and elsewhere. In our Legislature we have found senatorial talent, flnnncial talent, and commercial talent follows in the wake, and who will doubt the existence of military or naval talent outside the Council, if once afforded an opportunity for its display. Such an opportunity may be too ehrly Larnilhed over the hearthstuues we are alike bound by honor and affection to protect. Mr. Allison's well meant but unsupported motion was a failure, as might be expected i but is there no other person to renew the sub ject. If that be so, let one in private life of tent that which is so easy, simple, and every way facile, call upon our good and excellent Governor and his energetic Executive to enter into a coalition with the spirit which I feel as. sured every where provades our young men (who only want a leader), to find arms and ano. ccutremeuts from the military depot, and the volunteer will find the clothing. Oneo effect a beginning, and like the first tiny ripples of a sea tide over a sand bank, it will Increase at every swell, until an entire space Is submerged ; once, I repeat, bring it tangibly forward, usher it into being, and Tasmania will soon boast a numerous garrison ornate In peace, but formi dable in war. Storm Bay is wholly unpro tected : Iobart just presents as many guns as would provoke the ridicule of a foe. Launees ton boasts a couple of honey-combed guts, en. dangering the gunner more than the target. The vlatnorm, level with high water, below the Tamar Lighthouse, is admirably adapted for heavy gunnery, at short range, between wind and water. Every bend on tihe river presents plints for successful marked attack on a foe afloat, by a smallparkof horse-artillery, whiclh Launceston on the north and Hobart on tihe south tr.ight he proud of enrolling. The im poverished Russian Exchequer during the Crimean war would glndly have had the chance of transferring the bullion of our banks into tRussian ships of war, or subjecting the Trea sury heord at Hobart to tie rougher handling of our Muscovite (late) enemies, to say little of their gladness to compare our Tasmanian beef and pork or our colonial flour with their less telnptinu black biscuit. France- hains unadvi sddly been permitted a footing in the Southern Pucite, ltussia a naval settlement soon to be come an arsenal in tlhe Amoor. Such a coali tion is not an impossibility, and how then would stand the balance of power in Europe. England joined by Pirussin, Denmark, Sweden, all the Hlanseatlc provinces, with Belgium and I lollnd, against Russia and Gaul. Where or with whom would America direct her enter prising eye ? Would shie consent to repudiate her entire commerce witmh Britain, turn patrI chid, and join the two most despotic Govern ments of.,civilised Europe against Christian England P I think not ; but at all events the only way tI maintain peace is to be prepared for war, and the only legitimate object of war is pence. If, I say, Government will find swords, loyal hnnds will be found to wield them. Under the good old system no long and successfully pursued at home, that of local volunteer corps, for which interlunar local training, fdllowed by eight days permanent exercise, will soon provide a foren not to be despised. I could not restrain risibility on,a very re cent occasion, which prompted the' libellous query"--"what could you oxlect from a few tolunteers? Why they wold be no better than as manly militia." Folly I Imyself have gone into action a thousnud strong, half, uore than half their number drafted fresh from that well trained body. In one action I have seen a moiety of them dead or wounded after fighting gloriously, successfully, side by side with their more experienced but not more brave comrades. As England's coal tlade was ever considered the nursery of the navy, so was England's volunteer system that of the army. I am, dear Sir, yours, iPAX. 