THE TRIAL OF REPRESENTATIVE GOVERNMENT. (From the Spectator.) The " Brown Ministry" in Canada has passed away like the newest brood of ephemeral; and we are compelled to contemplate tile Canadian question in humiliating ignorance as to the formation of the "Cartier Cabinet." The most certain fact appears to be, that no Government in Ca man can rest up in that basis, which according to the dogma of the British C msti' upon adopted in the colony, is the only legitimate basis of '. responsible govern- mental parliamentary majority. Since Prince Albert first astonished a worshipful company in the City by what was the night the som what " German declaration, that " r< preservative institutions were on their trial," the truth of his remark has received con- firmed ion from the widest bounds of the British Empire, way, from another Empire long since separated from ours, and constituting, with the territories of his royal wife, the unparalleled and an. precedented empire of the Anglo-Saxon, In every part of that huge domain, which has now become so vast that we sometimes boastfully foresee itiextensit n throughout the entire globe, the principle which has reconciled popular representa- tion with executive adniiiiistttation-that modern principle which has extorted from Englishmen so many admiring descriptions, has I'm led. The English n tion is this. We exempt our sovereign from the painful accountability, incurred by Charles I., if we start with the assumption that he can do no wrong so long as he does nothing except through Ministers; it being the Ministers whom we are to hold accountable. The Spanish soldier, who stole a ling from an image in church, and pleaded that it was " given to him by the wearer, was prevented, says the tale, from establishing a very dangerous precedent as to the transfer of property by the enunciation of a law, that in future the subjects of her most O tholic Majesty would be held responsible for accepting gift,' ; sa the English Minister cannot plead the royal authority to exempt him from responsibility to Parliament. Until very recent times, Ministers, laboring under the ghost of a fear that, if they neglected to take off their hats to the House of Common a, a me that might be taken off with a head in it, were careful not to make themselves responsible for public acts unless they had by way of warrant the endorsement of a Parliamentary majority. It is now nearly twenty years since Parua. ment happened to be divided on a question which in volved no political principle, but only a point of economy upon which men of strong practical minds, whatever their party, must agree and in accepting free trade, Robert Peel incidentally fused, and confused, the hereditary repre-. sentatives _ O the two antagonist principles in British politics. He introduced what ultimately may be a blessing to the country, the germ of free-trade in opinion, at all events with regard to commercial and political questions; but the immediate effect has been to overthrow the great massing of public opinion, and to break off " the two great parties in the State," each one divided into its three or four motions. As the Church of England is divided by sects more numerous and more widely scattered than those " per- lassions" which stand outside it, so each' of the two great parties of the State is divided by internal distinctions wider than thatched on the two. What is the consequence ? It is that any statesman canvassing support for a future course of action can collect suffrages irrespective of party; whereas, no sooner does he come to put his own opinions into the tangible form of re fused mi sures, no sooner does he come to distribute the sweets of pi ice amongst his own immediate follow ers, -than those who have betted on him in the way of political speculation become disappointed, and the majority which he had for the future, ceases to support him for the present, while it almost spurns him for the past. Thus Peel, Russell, Aberdeen, and Palmerston, have been thrown into office with the impulse of a majority, only to " fall on the other side," and while' drifting down the ebb of the tide of our local affairs to hear the shouts of old friends following them in derision and dislike. Ucrhy is in that intermediate stage which is the present; he came to office on a casual and composite majority; we, and he have yet to learn on what provocative he will be kicked over by a new majority, and pursued down the back-title of time with the blended shootings of Whig, Radical, and Tory. But the condition which we have described for England is, and on the same grounds, the source of embarrassment to every Governor, to every actual M n water, the source of delusive hope to every potential Minister in all of our son ritation British colonies, and especially of those which exhibit in the strong at form the p litio 1 type of the mother country. There is scarcely a settlement in Australia that is not under the actual administiationofamin city simply because no majority exists. The ministerial crisis in Canada is the English crisis seen diminished in a distant mirror ; and, if variety of institutions varies the position in the United States the ever-changing denomination of parties marks the era pitiful change in their distinctions unit of the convictions upon which they are constituted. The Anglo Saxon race' seems at present unable to find either a majority which shall prevent its " re-, possible government" nom becoming a' farce, or yet to strike out the machinery by which the aggregate of minorities the whole as ion- might present its «wnExi'CUUve to carry on "the Queen's government or the people's. j s 'If ever representative institutions' were heartily adopted and generally, carried out, it has been by the Anglo j gaion race; and in some respects this has been more the case in our colonies than in our own country, where these have always classes of the people excluded and not represented. Thus, our sentiment might be considered the! but in history, and yet at the present moment it looks rather like a failure and the prospect justifies theatrette of Prince Albert. But no statesman judges by " the present moment and if there is one thing which mankind has learned in the progress of its recorded history, it is that, whereas statesmen at some particular day, may teach the world to do what the world is already wishing that world, assisted by other students besides those of statesmanship, teaches statesmen and governments much more in return. We have therefore to interrogate the actual condition of society, political or social, moral or intellectual, in order to find the clue to solve the enigma. The immediate reason for the failure of representation appears to be that the represented themselves are in fault. They do not select their representatives with sufficient discrimination, do not keep them to their duty with sufficient vigour. There are further reasons for this lassitude ; the two principal are, that at the present moment-an t it is the present moment that just now constitutes our puzzle, every person is engaged in a variety of occupations not political; anticipating a far larger amount of profit from some other pursuit; than of mischief from any mistake which may be made just now in legislation or administration. To speak in plain language everybody under the joint in fairness of exhausted political purpose, worldly success, and of new tiled opinion, is under a strong impulse from the instinct of selfishness; and every- body looking after himself of his-, is leaving the world to take care of itself. It is our o via selfishness and want of true citizenship, which is the cause of those faults that we ascribe to Governments or Parliaments. But another reason is the want of might. It is our own ignorance or stupidity. Very few of us care for what we do not understand, , except when we think that it is something so sublime that it surpasses s understanding. Thin men are fond of mystery, but they are indifferent to realities which are out of their way." On the other Land, no man Pan be and lie out to that which he really understands; for wonderful are the works of Providence, star endorse the operations of nature, grand the hall conscious ministrations of society. The man who has acquired even a smattering of entomology will pursue a butterfly with an ardour which, il'lenttopraccical politics, would be a real blessing to the country. He will enter into the niceties of art, for the sake of which he will lay down his life. He will study the paths of the stars, though he cannot alter the. All for the love of the thing we understand. Do not say that "education" would cure this defect, for it is not education of the common sort, -it is not the printed gra Tamar, or the knowledge to pass an examination, which would cure the want ; but that can wishes us, modest study of the things Hung and moving around us. It is a study which men can pursue best with some education, but can pursue in some degree if they have no more than natural intelligence and stoutness of heart. For after (til, Perhaps, the chief evil at the present day is a suspension of party feeling in public matters We May excuse the fault by saying that so many old opinions have been anatomized and exposed, on all sorts of subjects, that men hardly know what to think; while they scarcely dare trust themselves with thoroughly feeling anything lest it should be pronounced immoral, 01 \- what is worse ridiculous. Men will hardly dare trust their affections, or \- their religious instincts, lest there should be a fault in the logic. The sense of chivalry which used to make every man stand up for his order, or his country, or the right, at the cost of limb or life. would now be voted "unpractical." ' The,clergy,-the servants of God, who ought to be helping us out of this trivial scepticism, are themselves the victims of controversial trivialities of their own. We might despar if we trusted only to the present ; hut as the evil increase it will bring its own reactionary cure. Natural indignation will spur men up to a graver performance of natural duties. Under that stern impulse, men's opinions will revive; the broken-down aggregations of mind will be reunited in new popular opinions and then scum money which is fit to be represented will demand its own representation, and will look after its representatives. 