.THE VEAU THREE THOUSAND AND THREE; OR, WHAT MAY BE. \- It was in the year Three Thousand sad Three I walked through London town ; And manners, mia custom», and hnusos, and men. Seemed turned just upside down 1 The kitchen was built nt the top of tho house ¡ All baseinent-cooking was o'er, And the moment your foot the threshold touched, An automaton opened the door. Tho " busses" were gone, with the crazy cabs So scienco se< ved for a boon, For all men kept horses that ate no corn. And each horse was - a small balloon. Each poet WOB printer and poet ns well ; For while tho rich words did (low. He t luched his press, round whirled tho wheels, "¿j jrVnjl ont leaped a neat 8vu.l -_~ Society, too (not T nor, you, .} But ul I of tho wise ami i;ood . Of tbo rich and poor, of the carrisgo-sent To tho place where tho footman stood) Society-learned to mend its scaloB rnl.-o weights no more invents ; None rate a mun low for a hole in bis coat Nor high for his Three per Cents ! By their own deeds all did each stand or fall. Hank lost itt lying myths ; And your lordly Sit. Maur a and Howards by sores. Were no better than plain John Smiths I Less " noble" blood, more of true and good, Health of body and more of mind ; Ko lordly mites grew fat on earth's cheese. While tho poor men statved on tho rind. Once-a fool sat np in the House of Loids Because of his father's speeches ; Now-a mun might be ns good ns he. Though bis father bad mended breeches ! There was less red tape to be seen at Whitehall No commissions were bought and sold ¡ And a lord was not ronde a general Because-useless, infirm, and obi. No hollow credit-that ghost nf gold. Could bolster up swindlers base \ But, with means in his band, each roan in the land Looked his fellow-man ia tho face. In oar church a wonderful chango could I see, A chango 'twould well afford ; Less talk of oar Christianity, Moro love for the Christian's Lord. And men were married at twenty-five s None talked of "sowing wild oats !" For the woman Cared less for extravagant dress, And tbe men for tbe cnt of their coats 1 I passed tho Workhouse at Marylebone, And a few old bumpers I saw, Who obtained their rights-a loaf and a bcd, As a simple matter of law ! And " Oh I" I sighed,," these people are mad. Or a wondrous change is here ; For ( hoard them blessing tho Guardians Board I, And none cursed the Overseer !' - ? "'"'_."'"'. ' Jack Ketch was dead-and hta office unknown i No need mon's crimes to check By gratuitous show, for young thioves below, A man with a rope round his neck.' tow ginshops going-so crime was less : Men put it now to tho voto, If cloth were not botter upon tho baok, Than- vitroi down the throat.' . ,'*; > * -'..'» ^ » . .#" All seemed to change-then melt Uko tho snow, At thernjrs of tho morning's sun, ' . When I ceased to snore, while a I nock nt' the door. Announced that my dream was done, . Ifdresms bo sweet-ray hoart is sad, , '. That we cannot dream outoitr lifo.; Ayo. dream that tho maid, who won the heart, . Will koop it still as-the wife I Or dream that a boon conferred romains ? As a memory sweetly true ¡ " Nor wako to know, when tho cold winds blow, ? ..' Friendship gives not one I.O U, . Ah, me 1 tis said such brief respite's had,' From life's cares-which come in a flock, ) With tho flush of doy, and tho morning grey, And .. Ploaie, Sir, past eight o'clock." 