OLD SAWS NEW SET. I HAVE a great respect for Poor Richard and Dr. Benjamin Franklin, and have tried in my time to turn some of their famous maxims to account ; but I find, from observation and experience, they do not always yield the admirable results they promise. They are sober-looking, sensible seeming precepts, but some- how they fail on being reduced to practice ; or rather, I might say, they are to a great extent impracticable, and do not admit of being wrought into everyday procedure. I begin to be in doubt whether they are so wise and canny as they are commonly considered. I desire, therefore, to make a protest against a few of them, and to state, in my rambling way, what I fancy may be said on the other side. I don't care much about being logical : if anything illogical occurs to me which seems pertinent to the occasion, I shall say it, without regard to consequences. I wish the ghosts of Poor Richard and Dr. Franklin and all other maxim mongers, dead or living, to understand that some of their renowned sayings are becoming questionable that here, at any rate, they shall for once be questioned. Anything they may have to say in the way of reply shall have due consideration ; but, meanwhile, they are to be politely and respectfully informed that they are not any longer to pass for the perfect and infallible | sages they have been hitherto esteemed. By way of beginning, let us look at this celebrated saying, which so many of us can remember having heard quoted for our admonition, when perhaps we were too young and heedless to take much notice of I it, and were accordingly in no great danger of being misled by it : Early to bed, and early to rise, ' i Makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. Can anybody in his senses take that for truth? I mean to say, I have seen it a thousand times contradicted by matter of fact. If there were any truth in it, I think I know who would have been a rich and a wiser man. It would have been Boots at the inn-a fellow most exemplary for early rising, and who, both from principle and disposition, always goes to bed as soon as possible. He even sometimes goes to sleep in his boot house, or in a hayloft in the middle, of the day and to show that his habit in this respect is no pretence, is usually very difficult to awaken. Earlier than the middle of the day, we think, nobody could reasonably be expected to seek repose and thus Boots may be said to fulfil the first demand of the grave maxim as literally as it is possible to fulfil it. Then, as to rising early, it is well known that he is always first up in the house. During most of the year, he is up long before the sun rises ; he has the traveller to call who is going by the coach or an early train, the hot water to get ready for the gentleman who shaves by candlelight, a score or two pairs of boots and shoes to polish, and to clean the knives for breakfast and all this has to be done before anybody else is moving. Boots plainly fulfils the second condition-that of getting up betimes. And now, what is the result in his experience ? Is he wise or wealthy ? Not at all. If Boots has any character at all, it is probably a character for stupidity. The most one ever sees in him is a little flippant shrewdness, of the Sam Weller description-a quality as little like wisdom as Day and Martin polish is like, sunshine Boots certainly does not profit on the score of wisdom by his early rising ; neither can he be said, to gain much by it in the way of healthiness. He has generally a besmutted, dingy, unwashed, unwholesome, and comfortless appearance, which betokens anything but healthiness -betokens rather a worn and forlorn and vagabonds state of mind and body. Boots, perhaps, it dissipated-drinks at the barrel when he is sent to draw the beer, spends his sixpences not unlikely in " goes" of ardent spirits, disdains contact with soap and water lives, upon the whole, a shabby and reck- less sort of life, thinking that the kind of thing most accordant with his calling. Rarely does he even so much as black his own boots, which, moreover, are commonly without laces. Clean-shirt days are epochs in his existence, like angels' visits, few and far between Boots is scarcely reputable, looks usually like a blackguard, and is not unfrequently the great original he looks ; yet he is pre-eminently the man who is first up in a morning, and, wheneverhehas opportunity, goes to bed in the afternoon goes to bed, therefore, sooner than any other bed- requiring creature,, for we, count nothing of his often being up till midnight, as that may be reckoned the beginning of the next day with him and with all this early rising and early bed-going Boots is still just what you see him. Early to bed, and early to rise, make Boots If either healthy, nor wealthy, nor wise. , Well, I think that much is proved. The maxim practically carried out, as in this individual case, turns out to be a fallacy. Nobody need tell me, that as there are "no rules without an exception," so Boots is to be accounted an exception. I maintain with pertinacity that Boots comes strictly within the rule. He thoroughly complies with the conditions set down for his observance to gain the proposed end and if he does not gain it, it is not because his case is anyway exceptional, but because the rule has no relation to the consequences ascribed to it. Early rising is no doubt a wholesome habit at certain seasons of the year, and may be recommended as being in most cases conducive to bodily welfare ; but any one who expects to become either healthy, wise, or wealthy, by simply getting up and going to bed betimes, will not have long to live to see the folly of the experiment. No pike staff can be plainer than the fact, that a man's success in life depends not on his early rising, but on what he does and thinks about when he is up. You may rise before the lark, and go to rest with the domestic poultry, and be neither physically, mentally, nor pecuniarily the better for it, unless you observe at least a few other conditions, which the maxim under consideration does not take into account. Poor Richard's saw, then, needs to be new set and if it is not sharpened up a good deal, and turned nearly into a new one, it will have to pass in future, at a reduced value, as old iron. Something similar, we apprehend, must eventually be the fate of another of these popular sayings : " Diligence is the mother of good-luck, and God gives all things to industry." The inventor of this, perhaps, may be excused for his short-sightedness, as he did not live in the nineteenth century ; consequently, he had never known or heard of the distressed needlewomen. These singular nuns of industry, as we are credibly informed, are in the habit of labouring for sixteen or eighteen hours a day to earn tenpence-finding thread and buttons for the work out of their wages. Here, surely, is diligence with no offspring of good-luck industry, which is so far from obtaining " all things," that it cannot even procure a sufficiency of dry bread and decoction of chicory without sugar I What can an industrious needlewoman, seeking for consolation among proverbs, think of this one, except that it is, bush ? Put not your trust in proverbs, will be her (j natural prayer and admonition to all shirt-makers, h I seeing that whatever application they may have to the affairs of more favourably conditioned people, theyhave'littleor none at all to them. 'Those, like the present, which are founded on economical considerations, are utterly inoperative within their sphere of circumstances, and cannot be urged upon them with any shadow of justice or propriety. And what is true in their case is true also in regard to numerous other sections of the community. What "good-luck" from diligence ever befalls the great body of day labourers who, for six days in every week of their lifetime, when work is to be had, are, to say the least of them, more or less industriously employed? If "all things are to be gained by industry, these laborious people ought to have a considerable accumulation in the savings bank ; but it is notorious that they have nothing of the sort notorious that most of them find it difficult to make ends meet on Saturday nights, and that the majority are subject to the inconvenience of being perpetually in debt. ' How are facts like these to be reconciled With the bland assump- tions of the maxim i You might as well attempt to reconcile the proceedings of party politicians, after coming into office, with their previous professions while in the ranks of opposition." Good luck and prosperity are no more the necessary consequences of mere habitual diligence than good performances are the results of liberal promises in political administration. The great gains promised to industry are dependent on other conditions on complicated concurrence of circumstances, in which industry comes in as only one of many elements, and that, usually by no means the most significant. Industry, to be profitable, must be directed to remunerative pursuits and even then, success will be to a large extent determined by fortunate combinations of opportunity, adroit contrivance, lucky chances, and ingenious expedients, in conjunction with which, mere industry will often play but a very subordinate part. Why ' then, should poor, struggling, hard-working people be tantalised by such preposterously foolish saws as this we are considering r It has no manner of application to their confused and perplexed circumstances ; it can afford them no comfort in any crisis and as a reproach for their lack of acquisition, it is senseless and mercilessly cruel. Let it be banished to the limbo of absurd and obsolete thrift-lumber, and never be reproduced, save as a ludicrous curiosity, to shew the senselessness of what formerly passed for wisdom ! The next pretentious fallacy we have to notice takes the form of a plausible admonition : ' Keep thy shop, and thy shop will keep thee. This seems a simple enough rule for avoiding bankruptcy, and we can fancy a youthful adventurer setting out with it as part of his stock-in-trade, with the confident expectation of obtaining quick and profitable returns. But if he has nothing better to rely upon, we do not see how he can keep out of the Gazette. Mere sticking to his business will not save him, for a certainty. He will find ( in the long-run that success in shopkeeping depends somewhat on the amount of capital he can command for carrying on his enterprise; a little upon the demand there may be in his neighbourhood for the articles he proposes to supply and also a little on the extent and kind of competition to be encountered in the same line of business. There will be other con- tingencies that will more or less affect the specula- tion. From his eagerness to go into business, he may have selected an unfavourable situation a situation where, in fact, no new shop happens to be wanted, and where the utmost standing behind the counter will not avail to attract customers. You could not very well drive a trade in jewellery in Seven Dials, nor would refined confectionary be like to answer in Spitalfields. A bookseller's shop would meet with little patronage in an agricultural village, and a toyshop would seem an insult and an abomina- tion on a genteel terrace, where the houses are occupied by old maids. A baked>.potato stand would hardly do in Pall Mall, and whelks and periwinkles would meet but a slow sale in Mayfair. It is not, therefore, by merely attending closely to the shop that the shop can be made to keep the keeper there must be an adaptation in the shop to existing wants; the possession of capital by the shopkeeper to enable him to maintain his ground till custom comes a surrounding population, sufficiently numerous, with disposition and ability to purchase what he has got to sell and not too much competition to hinder him from obtaining reasonable profits. All these several conditions are taken no account of in the maxim; and hence, as a rule of guidance, it is irrational and misleading and any one who is weak enough to hazard his success upon it, will be likely to pay a very paltry dividend in the day of his insolvency. It may indicate one of the manifold conditions of success, but taken, as the sole and full expression of the law through which success is to be attained, it is as pitiful a generalisation as was ever invented by the stupidity of man. It is about on a level with the famous advice of Master Subtle to AbelDruggerin the Alchemist": Va the east side of your shop, aloft, Write Mathlal, Tarrolel, and Baraborat ; upon the north part. Rael, Velel, Thiel. They are the names of those mercurial spirits That do fright flies from boxes. .... And Beneath yo jr threshold bury me a Gladstone, To draw In gallants that wear spars : the rest They'll seem to follow. ' That's a secret, Nab 1' as Captain Face says and some such serviceable secret is revealed in our stolid maxim for getting on in shopkeeping. Whoever may have a fancy to try it by itself will see how he will succeed with it. These three specimens of the wisdom of our ancestors and their economical philosophy, may suffice in the meantime for the reader's consideration. Some persons, I know, pretend that such laws were not made for individuals, or even classes, but for the great body of the people that they are mere deductions from the common experience of mankind that they are general rules of life, too brief to detail the conditions they imply and that those conditions are too well understood to make the detail necessary. May be so ; but I take things as I find them written down and out of his own mouth I condemn poor Richard I have myself been getting up early all my life, pursuing project after project, but have made no hand of any have tried diligence and idleness day about, but neither was the mother of good-luck. I have kept seven shops since my apprenticeship expired, and not one of them ever kept me. Poor Richard, I say, is a greenhorn, and his saws are both. - Chambers' Journal. 