OXLEY v WANGARA.TTA. TO 7ES EDITOR OF THB OVBS'S AND MXJHBAY ADVERTISER. Having been for sometime closed up by the creeks, within the Delta formed by tbe Ovens and King Rivers, it was only yesterday that I obtained a sight of the Constitution of the 12th in9t., in which was inserted a letter signed ' Vindicator's Ghost,' redolent of Otto of Hose. I suppose from this that the sha<!e9 below sre thought by the spirits therein not to be so agreeable to ; the folks of this earth when in actual , contact, the ghost in question having ! been at such pains to bathe in rose water. Now as to his letter,: he says that 'I have been so audacious as to mislead the public." Will he give me a single instance in which I have written what is false? As to his insinuation that I would retail lies for the sake of a glass of grog or a fig of tobacco, I may men tion that I don't smoke, and deem him ■ and his inuendo beneath contempt. The Ghost then says ' Does he want to have a dozen more drowned before the work commences ?' I now tell him that more than a dozen men going to and coming from these plain?, besides the men who were drowned, h^e been immersed in the creeks, and had they not been upheld by a higher power than any sulphurous ghost, they must have perished. I suppose the Ghost thinks it very witty to pack all the Oxleyans in an American waggon—let him. Wfcnga ratta is not of so muchlaccount,it'R as only yesterday it was christened, having for years dragged on a miserable existence without any distinguishing appellation, being only called ' the Crossing place.' At the same time the Ghost must bear in mind that we ara not goblins to be packed ia snuffboxes like he is. I | know very little of the loafers in and around the Ghosts rising town, but imagine that in Tartarus they form a very thriving community, and think that a bridge over the Styx will be as useful as the one contemplated at Wan garatts. The Ghost in his letter insinuates that he is an adviser of Government having liberty of access to tfie archives wbere he may peruse such letters and documents as he has a mind to; apprise Ministers of what papers are legitimate, and seated at the Chief Secretary's elbow dictate the terms of answer Well done Ghost—you truly say that your remarks are absurd and extrava gant. No one doubts that, and your reward shall be a foolscap and bauble, and for your neck (not a golden chain that common mayors and the like wear) but a hempen coil r ; in pity to your back which may be -re with flogging, and your arras and iegs which may be chafed by the darbies, they shall go unadorned. If I remember rghtly Vindicator Baid that the £2,500 would' bridge all the creeks between Wangaratta and the plains. The Ghost more lavish hopes ' to see placed on the estimates of next year a sufficient sum to bridge all the creeks between here and the much vaunted Oxley Plains.' The words written by Vindicator while in the body are eaten now by the ghost, who pens a letter full of balderdash, and whilst I vouch for my statements, he tries to make me out the champion of others and allies me with people that are not. Tho Ghost concluded with expressing astonishment, that I repair not to tbe j Eastern Market, mayhap the watchhouse lhere reminds him where his most use ful hours were spent while teazing oakum or cracking diamonds. Your obedient bevvant. LOCHART HUNTER Oxley, 23rd^August, 1858. 