Latest Indian News. We are indebted to the courtesy of Capt. Cass, of the Caduceus, for Bombay papers to the 19th Dec, giving some days later news -from the disturbed districts. The following is the summary of events from the Bombay Times of 18th Dec.: Oude. — Cawnpore and Luckfiow. — The section of our summary which ought to have been most abundantly filled, must to day, in a great measure, remain a blank. For a fortnight, the mails betwixt Lower Bengal and Bombay have been cut ofij the news reaching us by the circuit of Madras; and for once, only for once, we trust, the English reader must depend for Lucknow and Cawnpore intelligence on our Calcutta, contemporaries, which can on all ordinary occasions be supplied, four days later in date at least, from. Bombay than from any other point. The following facts, chiefly transmitted to us by telegraph,- are strung together for the sake of continuity — the narrative. will be continued in full in our next. In our hist, we gave tidings to the 21st of November, when Sir Colin- Camp- bell, after six days1 bard , fighting, was able to communicate with the garrison, and to send the sick, the wounded, and the ladies under convoy to Allumbagh. These, after remaining here for a time, were able to make their way in safety to Cawnpore about the 25th. By last accounts, they had reached Allahabad, about one hundred and fifty miles lower down, at the con fluence of the Jumna and Ganges, where the railway crosses; and are, we trust, before now, safe with their friends in Calcutta. From the 21st to the 23rd, our troops seem to have been occupied with the enemy at Lucknow, a part of the city never having been in our possession. On the night of the 22nd, the Commander-in-Chief ordered the garrison to retire from the Residency, covered by the relieving force, which then fell back on Dilkosha, in the face of the whole Oude army. All the guns worth carrying were taken away, with £230,000 of treasure belonging to the King. The Residency ivas then abandoned, when the whole force seems to have retired on Allumbagh. Here the gallant Have lock died of exhaustion, anxiety and fatigue on the 25th, having from the time he was wrecked in the Erin off Ceylon in May, almost lived in harness, from the 25th of September, when he relieved the Residency, and was shut up by the insurgents, until the 20th of November, he must bare led a life of anxiety, such as a stronger consti tution might have sunk under. On the 26th, the Commander-in-Chief marched on Bunnee, midway between Cawnpore and Lucknow, leaving Outran: in charge of a division at Allumbagh. We are unable to trace the movements of the Commander in-Chief further. He arrived at Cawnpore, on the 28th November. At eleven o'clock on the morning of the 6th December, he defeated the mutineers of the Gwalior Con tingent with great slaughter, destroying their camp, and pursuing them fourteen miles southward, in the direction of Allahabad. Sixteen pieces of artillery, twenty -six battery carts and waggons, with immense Quantities of ammunition, stores, grain, and cattle were captured. About three thousand of the Gwalior Contingent, with two 18- inch iron howitzers, and two light field guns, had before this approached Cawnpore. On the morning of the 26th, they were attacked by General Windham, eight miles north of the town, on the Pun doo River, and after a sharp fight of an hour and a half, they were defeated with the loss of all their ordnance, save a light gun. They would appear meanwhile to have been reinforced. On the evening of the 27th, when our troops had retired within their entrenchments the rebels burned down the camp of the 54th, 82nd, and 88th. A sortie was now made from the canal, when the rebels were beaten back ; but our extreme right suffered severe ly, especially the 64th and 84th. Briga dier Wilson of H.M.'s 61st regiment was killed, and Major Sterling seriously wound ed. The screw steam ship Great Britain, of 3793 tons, arrived in Bombay yesterday evening from Queenstown, with fifty-three officers and 1055 rank and file of H.M. 8th Royal Hussars, 17th Lancers, 56th and 33rd Foot, 14th Light Dragoons. She left Queens town on the. 9th October, and touched at St Vincent and the Cape of Good Hope. It is reported that the Governor-General will leave shortly for the Norh-west. He will proceed to Allahabad, and perhaps to Cawnpore. It is not unlikely that the Hill stations and the Funjaub will be his ulti mate destination. The British ambassadors were well received at Herat, and oar re lations with the Shah are most friendly. Colonel Cotton, who had distinguished him self during the recent troubles, died on the 28th Nov., at Deyrah. It has been sug gested to send the King of Delhi to St. Helena. Letters from Delhi state that the accounts of the treatment of European females in that town during the first out break have been much exaggerated. A siege train was in course of completion at Ahmednugger; its destination was Mhow. At Delhi two commissions were sitting, and every prisoner convicted of belonging to the Bengal army was executed at once. The mutineers of the Joudpore legion, had escaped pursuit, and had proceeded to Oude. The fugitives at Nynee Tal were surrounded by thousands of mutineers. The Neemuch mutineers were defeated at Ghario, a village near Mundesore/ with a loss of 2,000 men. The loss of the assail ants, the Malwa field force, was .about 50. The Madras N. I. Regiments arefip be in creased to 1,000 men, and the Sappers and Miners from 9 companies to 12. Twenty four of the inferior members of the royal family have been executed at Delhi. The mutineers have a great dread of the sailors of the Naval Brigade, it having been re ported among them that they are cannibals. Such of the Highlanders as wear kilts are also objects of fear to the natives, who say that they are 'the ghosts of the murdered Englishwomen risen to avenge.' By the last advices, the telegraph wire between Cawnpore and Allahabad had been cut, and communications temporarily suspended. Ge neral Ashburnham was to have a divisional command in India. Executions were daily * taking place at Delhi. Another gallows had been erected, and the bodies of those who were hung were afterwards burnt. The royal family is nearly extinct, *10 sons and most of the grandsons of the king being either hung or shot. The king was to be tried, the assistant Judge Advocate having left Meerut for the purpose. There is no doubt but that he will be sentenced to death. From the Bombay Telegraph of 17th Nov. we make the following extract: — The Nana Sahib is still in Oude, and no fears are now entertained about his ultimately falling into our hands. The fol lowing is the description of his person taken from the Agra Government Gozetttt. which will doubtless enable some one hereafter to claim the reward of 50,000 rupees offered by the Governor-General of India in Council for this miscreant's appre hension: — 'The Nana is 42 years lofage. Hair black — complexion light wheat co lored, large eyes, and flat round face. He is understood now to wear a beard. Height about 5 feet 8 inches. He wears his hair very short, (or at least did so) leaving only so much as a scull lap womVjLcover; V He is full in person antH$ p^weJiSl frame. He has not the Mahrajta hdfted-nose with broad nostrils, but a E^raigfitt well-shaped one. He has -a servant with a cut ear, who never leaves his side.' We are teaching wholesome lessons 4© .the miscreants of Oude. The Cawupore force, while passing a village en route *to Bjfhoor, having had ample evidence that me inhabitants had shared in the plunder of tDawnpore, and more than one . sad relic of our massacred countrymen having been found in their houses, the scoundrels wereshot down with out mercy as they attempted to fly; others were dragged from the^r hiding-places, and at once made to pay the penalty of their crimes, and notonet male left alive in the place. It is said iftat the women offered all their jewels that Jfheir sons or husbands might be spared; ont our soldiers — to their honor be it said— put them aside, and did their duty; knowing as ttiey all did, the fiendish cruelties, and 'unutterable insults heaped on our defenceless women in Cawn pore.— The village was burnt previous to | the force leaving. * 