It is complained that there nre nob more candidates for the forthcoming Council elec tions. Everything usual at the other end of the world is, it appears, doomed to reversal at this end ; and when the very leaves hero have .1 way of their own of growing on the trees, what wonder is it that we ourselves should have peculiar modes of acting 1 And so, in stead of candidates wooing constituencies ac cording to all prescriptivo usage and orthodox precedent, it is constituencies that are wooing candidates ! ' Wanted a legislator' is an ad vertisement to which there are almost as few responsos as if wo were advertising for the ghost of a ' conscript father,' or the shoul ders which have inherited the forensic poncho of Manco Oapac ! Some of our provinces want a representative as badly as Byron ' wanted a hero' when he ' put up' with un lucky Don Juan. Aud it is to be hoped that the said provinces will not be similarly un lucky in their exigency, and that they will find a representative of their good not of their 'weak points' — meaning no allusion thereby to the 'points of the charter.' In a word, we hope when tho representatives now called for, less disobliging than Gleudower's spirits, do present themselves, that the absence of choice will not prove a circumstance of public disadvantage. It is to bo hoped that the success of the candidate, inevitable pre sumptively^ will not produce a representation adversj to the interests for which it is re quired. It is not, in fact, very encouraging to wit ness this periodical drought of ambition for seats iu Parliament. It do93 not speak well for the diffusion of public zsal or of an intelli gent recognition of individual duty in public affairs. VVhat did we get a constitution for and the appliances of self-government, when we afterwards shrink from taking share in them ? Representation in such a case becomes a farce, aud the constitution a name, not a reality — a thing of simple show, not practical use. When the men who ought to take part in public affairs come for ward in so fitful and irregular a manner, or, as now, do not come forward at all, constituents are literally obliged to take whoever offers, v^ithout considering whether ho possesses the attributes which ought to be in dispensable iu so responsible and important a post as the legislature. In consequence there is the not very pleasant probability of our stocking the country's 'assembled wisdom' at haphazard ! And if Parliament thereby ceases to be in any degree a trustworthy body, what becomes of the public weal and of the national prospects i 10 sucu an uniavoraoie consummation we certainly appear to be tend ing, when we see men holding back from the hustings who ought to be candidates for a share in the management of public affairs. Government, one would suppose, was an ingenious piece of machinery, to be wound up like a clock at stated intervals, and to be then relied on to work during a certain time for the general benefit ! Anybody would suppose we believed this, from the way in which our citizens abnegate the duty of participating in political struggles. But the levers of public affairs are men, not mechanism ; and weal or woe is the result, according to the fitness of those at the lever. In sober truth, the charac ter of national systems depend far less on the names they go by, and the liberal charters and popular privileges they embrace, than on tho character of tlie men who work them. The most conservative system will bo more liberal in the hands of liberal directors, than the most professedly liberal if untrustworthy men are its supervisors. The beauty of a constitution exists by the patrio.ism and capacity of its up holders. It descends or rises, as the men behind it are worthy or otherwise of their task The experiences of history illustrate the fact abundantly. The constitution of America now is the same as it was sixty years ago ; and yet it does not inspire the same admiration. And the difference is, that the personnel behind tho constitution is inferior. Tho Washi-?gtons, tho Hamiltons, the Jays, the Franklins, the Jeffersons are not there in these latter days. The national system of the Rome that preceded tho CLE3AR3 was tho same as that of the Rome that succeeded the Tarquins. And yet the ono wa3 a sick Rome, and the other a healthy Rome ; because in spite of tho similarity of the laws there was a wonderful dissimilarity in tho men who had care of them. Sylla and Marids were very different individuals from Brutus, who doalt to his own son the justice duo Jo a malefactor, or from Cincinnatus, who returned to his plough after saving hk country. Athens decayed when demagogues like Cleon influenced hor councils, though her legislative arrangements were the samo as in the d,»ys of glory when Aristides gave them the aid of his probity, and Themistocle3 of his genius and zeal. Historical instances could be multiplied an infinitum to show that when the true aristoi of (he country stand aloof from public affairs, national decadence is tho inevitable conse quence. The best theoretic system is only good by the cooperation of the country's besfc men. And if this has been and is so in other GOinmunities, it must be preeminently so here, whore our numbers are small, and where in consequence the action of public affairs 19 more directly, striugently, and universally felt In England with her many millions great organic changes alone are felt by the public en masse. h\ Victoria, on tho contrary, where tbe population counts by a few hundreds of thou sands, not by millions, tho influence of every act of the Legislature and tho Executive per vades, and is experienced almost instanta neously by tho public. The interest, therefore, in public affairs comes more immediately homo to every man's door here than elsewhere. And the recog nition of this truth should make our voters more universally visibls at the ballot-box, aud those who ought to be our representative men adequately visible at the hustings. What do such men mean by standing aloof? Have they no anxiety as to how things go in the land they live in 1 Can they, or any one else with a stake in the country, ignore with safety the all important task of its legislation ? They do not relish the rough aud tumble labor, solicitudes and worry of public life ! Pro bably not. It is not exactly a path of plea sure ; but there are very few of tho tasks of life so. Somebody must see to these matters ; and it is the interest of all that it should bo a suitable somebody. It may be very modest or it may be very selfish for men fitted for representatives to hold back on tho presumption that others as good will turn up. But this holding back is so general, that ohoice is out of the question. And when only a single candidate is to be seen, aud when his return i3 not a 'thing of selection but of necessity, there is alway3 the serious danger that ho may not be the sort of man required. In a word, if the best men stay away they leave the field to tho unsuitable. And such a state of things gives the latter the opportunity they would not otherwise find. And if the Legislature fs thus vitiated, who is to blame 1 