I CBOSSED CHEQUES. I (From the Solicitan' Journal, December, 1857.) It i» a common practica with man/ j nagea to CODI pi aj of thu hardship of being compelled to interpret notate ligible act* of parliament. There i* reason enough fo the complaint, but we are not sure that Pari Famen might not establish something like a set off, by enumei ating the cases in wliicb the Courts have, by narrow an overstrict construction, takon the pith and marrow out o statutes, which, to any mind not unbealtbi) subtle, convey a sufficiently intelligible meaning If the House punishes the judges by not a littl unmanageable English, the bench takes its revengi sometimes by refusing to understand even tha which is perfectly plain. A case on the late act witt respect to crossed ch ques ("Simmond! ». Taylor," ( W.R., 13i) has recently been decided in the Court o Common Plea', w ich amounts to a practical repea of that statute. The reasoning of Slr. Justice Cres*, well, who delivered the judgment of the Court is, we need not say, ingenious and . cute ; but the result ie to fritte' away the leal and obvious intention of th Legislature, and to reduce the law substantially to the position in whioh it stood before the recent enactment. The judgment was to the effect that the crossing of the cheque fo ros no part of the instrument, and that il it has been fraudulently obliterated a banker will be safe io paying it to bearer. Some persons may con tend that the result is wholesome doctrine enough, where the banker is guilty of no negligence, on the ground that the loss on a forged cheque ought to fall on the custorni* rather than on the equally innocent banker. But this idea, as is well known, was long since exploded, and no depositor is liable to his banker for any payment unless it is made pursuant to the customer's directions con- tained in the cheque. Now, when a man issues a crossed cheque, does be, in faor, direct his banker to pay it only through a brother banker? Is the instrument equivalent to one drawn in these words, " Pay A.B. through any banker, Seo."? If it is, and the words " through any banker," or the equivalent crossing, be erased, the banker wonld, unquestionably, have to bear any loss occasioned by a payment to bearer. But the Court of Common Pleas, on which the mantle of the Exchequer seems to have fallen, have discovered a beautiful distinc- tion, one that would delight the ghost of Saunders, and might be regarded with grim satisfaction, even by the refined intellect of Baron Wensleydale. The point, in deed, is a capital point. Before we dwell further on tho ingenuity of the judg- ment, we must shortly state what the law was previous to the Act of 10 and 20 Vic, c. 23, by which it is now governed. In a famous case before tho Exchequer, the whole learning was luminously given by Lord Wensley- dale, then Baron Parke. In the first place, the crossing of a cbequp, with the name of a particular banker, had no more effect than crossing it generally with the words " and Co." This was considered to be the result of the evidence as to the custom of bankers. In the next place, crossing a cheque was not any restriction on its negotiability. The cheque was still payable to bearer on demand, and the crossing was considered merely as a hint that tho obeque could not safely be paid without inquiry, except through a Danker, roe suosianuai uun sequence was that if ever a banker paid a crossed chequi otherwise than through a banker, be was certain to b held liable for bis negligence, and the customer was kep harmless. In tho Exchequer trial to wbiob we are re ferring, some evidence was given to Bbow that the under stood meaning of crossing a cheque was that it amountci to an absolute prohibition of payment except toa banker and ' to that extent restricted the negotiabilit; of the instrument. This view was rejected by the cóur for two reasons ; one, that the balance of evidence wai \- against the alleged custom ; the other, that such a custon was contrary to the Stamp Acts. The commercial work was not satisfied with this position of affairs, and a bil was accordingly introduced and carried, to produce bj statute the result which the court bad said could not bi attained by custom. Its purpose was to make the cross tog equivolent to au absolute direction to pay through i banker, and to render the cheque negotiable only on tba condition. To carry out this object, the legislature mee tbe following words :-" Whereas doubts have arisen as to the ' obligations of bankers with respect to cross written drafts;, and whereas it would conduce to thc I ease of commerce, the security of property, and the pre vention of crime, if drawers or holders of draft! were enabled to direct the payment of the same to be made only to or through some banker : Bc it enacted that in every case where a draft bears aurosf its face an address' in written or stamped letters of the name of any banker, or of the words < and company, in full or abbreviated, either of such additions shall have a force of a direction to the bankers upon whom such draft is made that tho same shall be payable only to or through some banker, and the same shall be pay. ab'e only to or through some banker." Now it seems tolerably olear that, if these words were intended to alter tho law at all, which we presume must be taken tobe the general purpose of a statute,' they could soarcely Rignify anything hut this, that what had formerly been a mere hint toa banker, on which he might be- come liable for negligence, should now be put on a different footing, and become an absolute limit on the negotiability of the instrument, and a perfect protection to the person who crosses it. The Court of Common Pleas nos found another possible reading of the clause, and as tbiB takes away all the protection supposed to be given by the statute, and plaoes the drawer or holder who crosses a oheque in the same position as he was before the act, it has been honoured with the approval of tho court, not, however, without much hesitation on the part of tho Chief Justice. The new construction is, that the direction implied from the crossing is a mere ambulatory direction, which may be revoked by any one who chooses to run a pen through, or to obliterate the crossing, and consequently that any one who pick« up a cross cheque will have no more difficulty in getting it paid than ho had before the statute passed. It is not even quite clear that the difficulty of such a fraud is not diminished, for, on the doctrine ol the Common Picas, that the legislature meant to give to every holder not merely the right of crossing, but also the right of uncrossing a cheque, we do not see how a banker could be charged with negligence in any oase. All this refinement, by which the act has become nuga- tory, or worse, is founded on the interpretation of two or three words assumed to be implied in the sot. The clause runs, " In every case where a draft bears, Ses."-no time being mentioned. This, said Mr. Justioo Cresswell, must bo read " bears at the time of presentation," so that if the crossing is obliterated, the onactment may go for nothing. Why this arbitrary time should be inserted we cannot imagine, except that there was no other way of smashing the act of parliament. The words might just BB well have been read, if the draft " bears at any time," but this interpretation was rejected, because it vould have taken away tho power of lawfully uncrossing a oheque-a power which parliament could not have intended to give because it would have dofeated the only purpose for which oheques are crossed at all-namely, security against misappropriation in caso of loss. This strange decision will, we hope, be made the subject of appeal, and perhaps the Exchequer Chamber will be more meroiful than the Common Pleas, axtà will con soot to givo tho statute aobahoe of meaning something. THE LAND CREDIT SYSTEM.-ID principle, I am quito in favour of considering all land OB the properly of tho State, and ita rent a fund far defraying tho publio expen ses. But there are two objections to the application of this maxim to. a country. in. .the circumstances ,of Australia. Ono of these you have mentioned, viz., that a large iramigratien is most effectually attraoted by granting the land in absolute property, at a price to be only once paid. I agree with you,' that a time -comes when a oolony ls so far advanced in population and im. porlanoe that immigration ceases to be the first objeot, so far as the colony itself is concerned, and that when this time comes the advantage of the colony should take precédenos over the. interest. .whioh . the mother, country may have in getting rid of a surplus popula, tion. But I doubt if tho time has yet come in the oase of Australia. A great temporary immigration has been brought about by tho gold discoveries; but, I should tbink, for retaining the immigrants the oolony depends very much on tho facilities allowed of acquir- ing land, and Englishmen, do not like to settle wboro they cannot gat land in fee. In India we have the system you deBiro, but that is one. reason why fow English settle there. The English who dogo, and the greater number who would Uko to go, are always clamouring to havo tho system changed to one of grantB in fee ; and so, I should think, would a largo part of the resident population. of Australia who have not yet got land. There is a second objeotlon, which weighs with mo as muoh as the first-the very great difficulty of lovying a land-tax, or. any annual pay- ment, from settlers scattered widely apart over a great wildornosB. It is difhoult enough, as the Amerioans find, to prevent squatting oven when only ono paynton! is domanded as a aondltion preliminary to occupanoy ; but if a payment had to bo mado annually, I cannot but think that to collect and ouforoo it, if practicable at all, would require so costly an establishment as would absorb tho chief part of tho receipts, and bu quite unsuit- able to the requirements of a country like Australia. In India, tho rovenuo establishments aro among tho heaviest itoms of tho publio expenditure, although India in general is thickly peopled. I bullero that attempts have been modo formerly to coiled taxoB from outlayiog lands in tho older Australian colonies, but that their failure 'was so complete that they wert nkaudonod. .fohn Sicisart Mill. 