The Moreton Bay Courier. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1858. NEWS AND NOTES, A SYDNEY MAN. NEW SERIES. II. ALL the talk now is of Port Curtis and its gold, and so far as the discovery is concerned, that can be no longer questionable. The Jenny Lind arrived on Monday, bringing about eighty ounces. Yo« will Bee exlraots from several letters in the Herald, giving various accounts, and it is plainly to be gathered therefrom that the Gladstone peo- ple were at all events not disposed to hide their light under a bushel. Dr. Brown's letter men- tions in an off- hand kind of way, that a " few pounds" of the stuff had been sent up with in- structions for its exhibition, and I can certify that these instructions were faithfully carried out. Indeed George-street was on Monday quite agitated with the news, and the advertising columns of the Herald still ring the changes upon " The new Gold Field" throughout every trade and calling, from the watchmaker to the needy knife-grinder. Mr. Davis, of George-street, had about 30 ounces on view ; Brush and McDonnell had 13½ ounces, besides a nugget of 8 ounces; Mr. Beckman had about six or eight ounces, and Messrs. Hanks and Lloyd exhibited 10 ounces, including a nugget of 2½ ounces. The gold is very dark and coarse in appearance, but old Ballaarat diggers, of whom there are plenty in Sydney, speak most highly of it, and predict great results. Several vessels are laid on for the Fitz Roy River, and the steamer Yarra Yarra is to be despatched thither as soon as she comes off the slip. This sudden attraction of population to Purt Curtis may for a moment appear to damp the prospeots of Brisbane, but I feel convinced that the reaclion will be highly beneficial to Moreton Bay, even independently of the proba- bility that, the gold thus struck, it will be traced southward as well as northward. Two certain re- sults of the vicinity of a gold-mining population must be increased demands for stock and agricultural produce, and though neighbouring stations may suffer at first from want of labor, experience in Victoria has shown that this evil lights itself in time. The worst part of the business is, that the auriferous attraction is held out just as the shear- ing it commencing. You will see that no small excitement exists, as not only is the Yarra laid on for Port Curtis, but also the steamer Pirate, and no less than nine sailing vessels—the Bonnie Doon, Cyclone, Jenny Lind, Staghound, Maria, Janet, Unknown, Lady Grey, and Duke of Wei lington. Quite a fleet ! In the speculations that hare been hazarded with reference to the future Governor of the Northern colony, the name of Captain Wickham has at last been introduced, and I have often been surprised that the notion never occurred before. Being in a position utterly free from all opera- tions of favor or prejudice, I may venture a few words on that point. I firmly believe that Cap- tain Wickham, with a good Executive Council would make a good Governor. Years ago that .fficer took the wise course of consulting the in- habitants generally npoa local matters, and the result was that he became highly popular, and gave general satisfaction ; hut when he abandon- ed this" course, and took to subtile councillors whose views and objects still lie deep, deep down beneath the surface, he fell into an error which, as a public mai, he must b« content to hear of. If, however, Responsible Government is conceded to Moreton Bay, the inhabitants themselves will have the election of the Governor's councillor«, and, I repeat, you might find it difficult to get anybody who would better suit those circumstances than Captain Wickham. Insane, indeed, must the electors be if they put any but the right «eu in the right places when they have the opportunity ; and can you not imagine three or four Executive Councillors who, with the present Government Roideut to follow their advice, and a Parliament to bo responsible to, would carry on tho govern mnnf. '« *t>o .atúfaoüon of all 7 There have often been speculations as to the office Captain Wickham should hold hereafter ; but while I think that he would make a very bad Colonial Secretary he might bo a very good Governor, though perhaps I would not say so but that I can defy anybody to impute the opinion to any personal or selfish motives. An intimate knowledge of your wants and integrity of purpose, are strong recommen- dations. As to mere ability, it is quite possible to have a Goverior, like the boy in the song Too gallows clover by half I At all «vents it is not easy to see any superior advantages that would be gained hy having an old Sydney Government House attache, or even Captais Sturt, whose pension was granted on the very distinct understanding that he was no longor fit for publio service. The Assessment Bill has passed the Assembly, after undergoing amendments and re-amendments in the most absurd and inconsistent manner. Mr. {fawcett told the Committee that if they voted for a sliding scale that minute, and at a later period adopted a fixed rate, he really saw nothing in that inconsistent with their proceedings, and he was about right. Finally a uniform rate of £7 10s. per each thousand sheep, or 250 head of cat- tle, was adopted ; such rate to be subject to cer- tain deductions, according to the tenure of the lease, and to be unalterable during the currency of the leases now held. The Bill to appoint another Judge for Moreton Bay is now passing through the Assembly. The Select Committee reooramended that if a vacanoy should afterwards occur amongst the five judges, it should not be filled up without referring to parliament, as the District Courts Bill may ma- terially lessen the business of the Supreme Court. The Bil) last named, by the way, has nearly toiled itself through the parliament, and will probably pass this week. There was no quorum last night, so the Assembly adjourned at once. You will see the list of new magistrates, in which. I feel assured, yon will viow with pioua horror the names of some individuals who not only are guilty of deoided democratical leanings, but are strongly snspected of being tinctured with trade. What the Ipswich Bench will do I'm sure I don't know. These, you see, aro the fruits of reform Governments. I should not wonder if they next stretch their sacrilegious hands to that holy of holies, the Drayton Bench. A storm in a tea-cup is just over. We have had an election for Alderman, vico O'Dowd. The declaration of the poll was made to-day, when Mr. Speer was declarod elected. The event is not likely to affect tho political relations between England and Franco. Penrith races commenced yesterday. Ben Bolt and -Zoe wore entered, but the interest is dying away, and the racing season terminates in good timo. The old northern champion, New- bold, won two races at the Grafton meeting, but came in second best for the Ladies' Purso. The unfortunate mau Meyei, for the murder of Mr. Alden, was hanged yesterday morning, inside the gaol walls. He acknowledged the justice of his sentence, und died prayerful and penitent, to nil outward appearance. He commissioned Mr. Threlkeld, one of the ministers who had attended him, to write to his sister in England. The Police have succeeded in tracing out three more of the Sydney thieves. The warehouse of Mr. Brodziack, in Wynyard Square, was broken into lost Saturday night or Sunday morning, and jewollery to the valu« ef £100 carried off. Two men, named Hughes and May, have b«en com- mitted for the robbery, and a third, named Marshall, for receiviug. H. M. S. Iris ha« returned to port, after settling accounts with some of the South Sea Islanders, whioh that old Turk, Capt. Freemantle, ought to hare done long ngo, with the Juno. Captain Loring burnt the villages and plantations of the natives at Tana and Woodlark Island, giving them distinotly to understand that it was in punishment for the murder of Captain Outtrim al tho former place, and of the or«w of the Gazelle at the latter. No doubt a good many natives were killed, and probably jurists will object that Captain Loring improperly stated the theory of the thing, since the law does not avenge, hut only seeks te deter. Nevertheless, if he made them understand that similar crimes would produce similar punishment (nnd he says that he did) the sailor has managed the affair better than the Lord Chancellor could have don», with the Archbishop of Canterbury at his baok. Mr. Tupper, a mate on board the Tris, and Konsedy, firat-class petty officer, wore killed by the natives at Tana, owing to tkeir being cut off from tho rest of the shore party in the attaok. Kennedy's body was not recovered, but that of Mr. Tupper was carried on board, and buried at sea. This young man had passed his examina- tion, and was about to join the Shannon as a lieu- tenant. The Spectator has made its appearance again. The gentle editress complains of having been as- persed, nnd enters into nu oxplaiation of the pro- posed connection with the Month, which is off. Tho last-named periodical is also out again, and has this timo for its great gun a poem called Sir Archibald YoIv«rton, by Mr. Michael. There are some good line« in the poem. The plot is soon told. The knight's wife jilts him, so he plasterg her up in a brick wall, and tries then to catch the lover, who, however, very judiciously jumps his horse over the castle wall and " slopes," loaving the lady to enjoy her brioks and mortar solus. But of all the poets of modern times, commend me to Brent Clement Rodd, Esq., a solicitor, proc- tor, and I know not what of tho Supreme Court. Mrs. Underwood, of Ashfield, a lady held in re- spect for many years by old colonists, died lately, and Mr. Rodd attended the funeral, after which he sent the following absurd "poem" to the Herald, dedicated, as you will see, to a gentle- man who himself dabbles in rhyme, and who is connected with the family of the deceased. It was too bad of the Herald to publish it : TO H.H. 1. The widow is gone Heaven; Her soul is at rest; She is gone where the blesed go - The blessed eyer blest. 2. She sleeps where many happy lie In Ashfield churchyard; The forest oak waves o'ei her, With her friend by herside. 3. Her benevolence and kindness Was well-known to those who knew her; She never had a deaf ear When distress knocked at the door. 4. And may all her children, Until end of time, Live in bonds of peace and love With themselves and ill mankind. B. C. KODD. Barnstaple Manor, Fire Dock, September 2. This being my first attempt a poetry, I trust the critics will spare me; if they do not I have a broad back. It will be printed as written (without revision), on my return from her funeral yesterday. Having known her acts of kindness for 36 years, I suppose I was a little inspired, for it is quite out of my usual line. It is, perhaps, scarcely necessary to state the good lady was Mrs. Underwood, of Ashfield, Paramatta Road. B. C. RODD. Mrs. Rosetta Terry, widow of the celebrated Sam of that name, died on Monday last, at the age of 89 years. The event has caused great excitement amongst expecttnt heirs and legatees'' A Melbourne correspondait of the Geelong Advertiser says that there iss. rsallive (or rather dead} ghost at St. Kilda, who, or which, has taken sole possession of a house thire, and inspires the utmost curiosity amongst tlieneighbours, who are anxious, like the people of Pineville on a similar occasion, to know whose gioit it is, and what it wants. Professor Anderson has taten to melo-drama having appenred at Melbtmrie in the characters of Rob Roy, and William in Back-eyed Susan. A letter from Port Lincoln, in the Adelaide Observer, asserts that somebody lhere has in- vented a self-acting locomotive machine, to dis. penst with steam, and to settle at once the disputed point about perpetual motion. This discovery is usually made, somewhere cr other, about half-a dozen times a year. Tho only person who ap- pears to me to hove it ii Mr, Forster, whoso career in the Assembly is ote perpetual motion. The Empire, I fear, stands but a poor chanceo' revival. The trustees, Messrs. Gordon, BymeB* and Dickson, have advertised the sale of plant and copyright, and I have heard rumours of intending purohasers, but rumours oily ; and Mr. Parkes himself says that he looks upon it as a Impeles ease. The second reading of the Electoral Bill in the Legislative Council is set down for this evening. It is not expected that the debate will be very much protracted at this stage, but the tussel will take; place in Committee. "The Electoral Reform League" have resolved to hold a publio meeting for the purpose of petitioning the Go- vernor-General to sand in as many Nominees as will swamp tht opponents of the Bill, and I have no doubt it will be done. It is not certainly known whether Mr. Plunkett will stand for the seat vacated by Mr. Parkes. For one short session it is scarcely worth while, but on the other hand the 'eleotion might be re- garded as a sort of triumph, and for thin reason Mr. Plunkett's friends and admirers are collecting a host of names to the requisition. If he does come forward he will walk over without opposition. With reference to Port Curtis and the gold, yon will observe that all accounts agree in saying that the metal is found on the surface, and not by digging deeply. Now this also was the case at Bingara, and consequently the deposits were soon exhausted. But speculatiou is idle, for re- cent discoveries have set all speculations at defiance. The Melbourne Argus lately received a letter from one William Dexter, announcing the mur- der of a man named Douthwaite, by the Gipps Land blaoks. The letter concluded with a strong appeal for vengeance, aud was written at this part, with the blood of the murdered man. The intelligence of the murder has been «ince con- firmed. There was lately a report of an earthquake at Melbourne, but it has been denied. The porson who felt it had probably'been dining out. Dr. Scott, surgeon of the European, was a few days ago shot in the arm by the ohief mate o' that vessel, who-mistook him for a kangaroo, at they were out sporting st Wollongong. The second reading of the Electoral Bill, was moved this evening by Air. Lutwyche, in the Coun- cil, ina speech, that otoopied two hours anda-lmlf. Debate still going on. Tho Assembly hasbeon all the evening occupied 'n Committee in discussing the point, whether Mr. Donaldson's or Mr. Cowper'* resolutions respecting the mail route should bo adopted. There is very little difference between them. . Wednesday Night, Sept. 8 th. 