. .ANDERSON, CAMPBELL, AND CO.'S PRODUCE ' -CIRCULAR. Bnshiess, In oar line, has been aotlve during the post week.1 Au advance in the price of oats und maize in Melbourne has caused au increased demand for these anieles here, and. betides,) tile urrlvals ol rnalzo during tills week will be small «Iso. It seem« vary .probable that uti udvuucc will tilka place in, the price of the latter article before long. English bul ley has be-1 can io come ; there Is not much demand for it yet. flay con cuiucsdull of «ale. 1'otatocs ora almost .the same us lost week ¡ Onion« are not'so saleable. Wran Is duli. Flour Is tlrrn at OUOtiltiOOB., filetes arc In greater demand. ' Haiilkv-English, 3s. ed. to 4a. per bushel. JUlMK- 2s. per bushel. . FtoOii-Flue, colonial, £10 per ton, ' iHAY.'LUCERNB-jl.fi'tOJCO'pertOU. I 1 ' i > . I Ditto Oatkn-£3 to jCO ditto. ,. i Ditto Maiikkt- £6 to jCIU per ton. JJiurs-Heavy, Us. to lils, cudi i ditto, light, di. to Oi. each. Maub-ta. Jil. to ,1s. ad. per bushel. ' timoss-8b. to His. per ow t. I'OTATOKS-!>8. to li», per owt. SummiES-Bacon Dil. to ltd., butter is., calves 20s. to tOs., oIiccbo Bil. to lOd.ogg* l*..UiL, fowls Is., pigs (Uvo)tld. " - - P bushel, , ,1808. , ,, , Wjia*nWa,,U> ft, «fi. ppr b , Sydney, 2()W November, 1 hXPOnTS FROM THE DlSTIIICT UUI11N0 Till! FollTNIflUr. Thefpllqwlnji is an obijtract ol'tlie exports, from the publlo limul lasts of the steamer» und coasters, of the principal Iproduco (ex- clusivo pt woel and tallow) received eoastwliie lu bj (hie), from the Hunter KI* or Dlstilct, during tho fortnight uiidlug Wed- nesday, November 17,1MB i- . Maize...'.'....bags. MO Flour .j..bags.. llinn....i.bags,. 40 Hides. 444 rJlieopiklns bundles. IP Hay.trusses. 1301 Horse«.,,,..:. no Bullocks.... ii Assault.-Mary Duff was Sheep . Onions.bugs..... Oysters.bugs. ¡'.fig*.cases. lVniltry ......coops......... Beef.quin tci-8....^ Gold .........o/3.,"". Coals.tons. Yesterday, at West Maitland, ASSAULT - Mary Duff was yesterday at West Maitland charged by Morris Crab with having on sunday the 14th instant, violently and unlawfully assaulted him. Complainant had been lodging at defendant's On the day named he had some water on the tire, when he said she came and took it oil', beat him «'Mi lier fists and ja board, and tearing his shirt, scratched lils I )>.« and breast, accompanying the assault w Itb se\ end a ml» e «plthcts. The defendant sahl t lint Hie complulunut assaulted Her. She was fined 10s. or three days Imprisonment. The Duncan Dunbar - The nuncan Dunhill fantail] heathy, sailed from Plymouth on oepteinbcr i (or Sydney1, with a cargo of Hrltish manufactured fcoods val it mt £100,000 Sliuíatteiríio/cabtB^indüO «toomgo passengers principally old colonists among whom is Mr Dines of Maitland near Sydney who has with him a very fine three yent oldDuiliunibiiU forthe purpose of improving stock1 "Hie ship convtjsnlsostvcn other «elected bulls two Shetland ponies, and JO merino rams she lins In addition four hares (which surviv ed the Clmnnel passage) tight phcasnnts u number of fancy Dorking fowl" and a \ m icty of birds 10 boxes of valuable plants lol Sir W Macarthur and Mr. Mort mid iourfor tho Botanical gardens at Sydney, which nreconvejed gratuitously by Captain Neatby), in continuation ot his mumal assista ice to that thriving establishment - nifilMt ¡'¡(¡Kr , ' RETURNING FROM THE DIGGINGS-On Sunda) and yesterday a consldeinble number ot Chinese passed through Maitland, apparently on their way back from the northern diggings - perhaps on their way in search of a more attractlve field. They were bearing heavy bundles at the ends of their long bamboo poles, which swung and bent with the weight as thuy shuffled along at the dog trot peculiar to the race. Maitland MfciCamcs iNSTirtiii ->-On Wednesday last Mr Chambers delivered an flddicssnt the Maitland Michanics Institute the subject was entitled Scraps from Dickons Tlie hcturei admitting that as a generil ruloalecttirci should place something original befoie his hearers something not to he i ead in books or plekcd up in nowspapcis claimed for the amateur lecturers of our local institutions a liberal application of the rule Believing such claim would ho freely admitted he lind chosen the works of Dickens because lie thought Dickens the most pleasing and healthful author of the day-ho wus a chain tuon ready at all times to struggle for the poor and distressed íeady to lay down Ills life in tilt» cause of virtue and humanity, he was a sower spreading his good workSos Seed broadcast through the world leaving in christian hone, the harvest time to htav cn, and who dared to limit the Looa lie niicht achiev e g it was a mean and niggard philosophy engendered by the transltoiy naturoof human things to seek an actual return for any little Lood Piovidenco might endow us with the means of doing and Dickens Ignored it The Ghost of Marley Imparted to Scrooge the principles of Dickens Moral Philosophy and tho result was that ho became as good a friend as good a master, andas gooda man ns the good old city knew The foundation of the address was a biographical sketch of Dickens The lecturer, taking up his works in the order of their publica- tion Sketches by «Oí Pickwick Nlckclby and Iliunphroj s Clock wererevievved ntlnrge and extracteread time would not admit of more than mere refeience to his remaining vvork3 Die woi id was not unprepared (said the lecturer) to liearof some misfortune to Dickens for in nil his latter woiks their was a strain ot melancholy whieh oppressed the mind with a forebod Ingot evil His sweetest themes were those which told of saddest thought but when the tidings of his domestic troubles were promulgated all who did not know beforehand were sar prised and grieved-surprised to lind thal such troubles shout 1 come upon ono whose writings evinced so strong a love for the charms of home, and grieved because rumour did not fail to in v ent all manner ol cv li to accuse ulm of Ilut the declaration published by Mr Dickens (which tho lecturer read) completely refuted all tim calumnies viatli which his name lind bein as sided Vii might now respect his sorrows without feeling called on to speculate as to theil cause, much less to pnsä'judg iiuut on the pirtles concerned where no social law had been inlnngel where theciro imstanceswere unknown boingstrlctly of a private nature and more especially where the prlncipul was one who had over labored willi vast ability und untiring eui in piomo.ing the happiness of mauMiil to condemn, w mid be presumptuous Jiyustice-con lemuutlon could willi justice proceed only from him to whom nil hcirtsnrc open, and from whom no secrets are hld The audience which was very large, appeared much pleased willi their evening s employment The U3ual vote of thanks was pnsstd, but tit« President did not announce tlie subject of tile nc\t lecture or tile name ol the lecturer DisTBtCT CounTS -BelTs Ia/l of Saturday last contains the following thai act« rlstio paragraph, headed ' Lntrlcs for the Gn.at County Judgcship Stakes-We aro In a position to eivo the entries for the above tempting prizes which will bo determined early in tlie ensuing week - JJr Chcokos The limn Callaghan s Acts Mc) mott s Punster Murro) a Spectacles ON llrenans ". Milksop PcniiingtörTs- I^igic Tlie three first named are decidedly the fav «tirites The Hum is in magnificent condition and in great ri niest Aets looks somevv hat scraggy, but irom lils w fry constitution he may bo contldoutl) expected to pull through Punster Is all there-a second lorroek s-game as a pebble Poor old Spectacles, thoiie,h shaky on his pins will make a good struggle of it Milksop is too stilT for our liking but is not to be easily cowed Lillie lias broken dow n on two or t bree gallops ov er the Council course latelv and w ill stand but little chance of the -ttil pi ice hu'Ciiuucii öt.sriMi -We have received tho first mun her of n fortnightly journal pubhshe 1 in Sydney on 1 riday 1 ist entitled 77ie Church Vnfintf , On looking, through the articles we lind it H a publication issued by members of tho < burch of 1 ngland apparently with express rettience to tho conference about to be held b> members of that church ( eminent on such a journal would be of course out of place lu our columns hut we may express the hope that the columns of the 'nuitiiiel will bo so carefully and chiirltnbly Ulled that thev will not eonvirt present dilTereiiocs ot opinion into lasting causes ot dissension by putting them ou lecord in ii permanent and strongly worded simpe Breach of Licensing Act -William Shepherd was yester day charged with having committed a breach ol the 1 Iceusin.» Act by lint lug music and dancing in his licensed house with o it the permission ot the Police Minístrate on the 1 th instant Mi Mullen who appeared foi the di leuce pleaded guilty to the intorniatiou, hut us au extenuating I enture produced a iierinU sion slgued by Captain Smith u magistrate of the territory, and by which the détendant erroncou«lj supposed he was juslilltrt in having music and dancing 1 nts practice he said although, illegal was frequently practised ni countr) towns Mr Cham bLrswas retained lorilie prosecution und submitted that the evnciisc to which the chief constable lind been put should be paid as Shepherd had refused to show the license spoken of to tho constable It appcaredfrom the cv Identic that the authority li ul beeti re id but not given into the hands of the constable, rile bench said that as the détendant hod an authority, and there was no evidence to «how that he know ol Its Ulignllt), th y would allow the case to be withdrawn, on payment of court costs. Charge against a Constable - Constable Purtill was off nee lie was lined 40s The line was paid Toll Act-Michael Molan pleaded guiltv jestcrdav to riding on his (Ira) in High street Hie load lie said was light on, ' a id he h id no n statement Détendant w as fined los Breach of Small Debts Act -The case of Adam Nixon v Cavanagh and Samuel Steele was )esteidnv withdrawn Drunkenness-Peter Nolan was )esterda> lined 5s. or 21 hours for similar offence She was dliordcrly, shouting In and rolling about, the street on sunda) morning "dio wus lined JOs oi 4S hour* -Bridget Coogan was brought up to mut a Uko com, plnlut She was so drunk that she eould neither speak or stand, and had to be carried to th» lock up lins was her third uppearancc vv ithiu six months .She was fined 4n» or 48 hours in the cells -Dennis Cush pleaded guilty to a charge of the same nature. He was admonished and discharged Vagrancy -Anne Crawford was )esterda) charged by Con stable M Lean with being a vagrant having no place of residence She had rene iU llv been convicted of drunkenness, once for v hgrancy, and once for robbery. Defendant said sho could not help it, that she must dosoincthi ig She further said thut once »hu was possessed Ol a small shop and a bullock team, jmt through on iusoli ent she lind lost them She was unable to work, hal no filends and wished to be sent to the Asylum. She was sentenced to be sent to gaol for one mouth and the bench promised to see it the) could get her Into the s> due) lleiievolcqt Asylum OBSCENE LANGUAGE - Samuel Edwards was yesterday charged by Joseph Eckford with calling Mary M'Carthy an obscene name in a public place rho lnngtiano was used under tlie verandah of tim White Swan inn, Campbell s Hill Ho was lim d 40s. or ouu mouth s imprisonment Obscene Language -John Macdonald was vosterday Jmreeil by Constable Morris with having used obscino lau, guage In tho publie streeton Saturday last Ile was fluid io« orthree dava Imprisonment Police Business -At West Maitland ) estcrday lhere wert fifteen cuses i n the police list forbearing by the bench Mr Day Mr Green and Mr A. Wyndham were the sitting magistrates. DEATH FROM THE EFFECTS OF BURNS -An inquest was held at the Hospital yesterday, before the Coroner, on the body of Ann Ross, aged about sixteen and late in the service of Mrs Trayhurn, of this town. As may be recollected, the deceased in June last whilst at Mrs Trayhurn's, ran out ot the kitchen with her clothes in flames, and ran about the yard before the flames could be extinguished. She was then visited by Dr. Douglas, at whose recommendation she was removed to the hospital. There she was well attended, but on Sunday death ensued, as the result of the severe injuries received. The verdict was that the deceased came to her death from burns, accident- tally received. lue bvoxit Honsi.s in Mrutot itxr-Mr G.T. Rowe's horses, from New South W ultu, were tntvred for tim principal races and high hopes were entertained b\ himself una immer oustrknds that he would redeem (he lannis lost In October It Is much to be regretted, hoiveur. that Mr Rowe va» again doouiid lo disappointment-his Hue eolt Mi liner having t|Ihn lame on the moraine ot the raeo for thu \ ietoria Platt, lie waa utterly unable to bring bim out, and Mininer vin» at once with drawn i Donn to that bourlt had been expected that the S> dncy colt would have won, and there were indications thut Wool pecker might not have opjoacd him 111« olhir two Sydni) horses Grolls and Ullin ran my well tlinueh uumieci «stully for theil etic,iu,cuH nts on tin second duv i and w e ti el coulldi ut that Mr liowu winnot nstsatislh.il willi his recent disappoint niau but weisevere until ho turns the tables at,.dii upon ils Plie great horses ot the last luceting w ero Woodpecker and VV all, a W lilli 1 he first of these has donn to the time of our vv riUtiff, Ihf W >9 maintain ids lat«prcstli,c vv hilo \V alt a W Idle lias certainly itnprov d on thu fine iormbe displn) ed in October 'le has now about him 'lie premise of a fortunato and honour nhlo career in the futuro anti wc oueu moro congratulate his spirited owner on his well merited «meus \> alt a W hile was r by Hory O More out of wirbill by Vnlpp. np 1 vv np bred launs Hunter I m of Diineid, whose stud lins contributed ninny good horses to the Victorian turf-UeU »J lib in ¡'litoria, Nov 13 Violent Assault-Patrick Madden wns on Friday and Saturdii) hist braucht before the bench nt 1 tut Malthoid to unsyici a char.o ot linvlng violently assaulted - Hendsforth. illa examination ot the complainant took place in lils own iiouse, he being too unwell to attend the Court, tram thu cflccts of the blow Ho deposed that he was a laboring mun an! knew Madden (thu defendant) who lived In thu next yad to him On Monday Ust lip was coining down tlio ynrd, and saw Madden's pigs there. He said to him, * Paddy, why don t you give youl pigs something to cat, and Jhcu thoy will not como und trouble me ..Mudden replied that'll I.e. (nitiiem) would go over there ho would give illili something Vi tacts \ eut, and Madden cunio with lils clenched fist towards him us if lu tho set of about to strike. W hucks thought so, und struck Madden first Ho tumut round to como away Ho theil was : »li nek on the back ot tho head by a hone or brickbat Ho reeled uguhist the fence Madden had auothei brickbat lu his hand Ou .Saturday Madden was remanded till I rldaV next Hail allow ud, BATHING HOUSES AND RECREATION GROUNDS AT NEW CASTLE - Mr C Ranclaud has courteously favoured us with a copy of a letter addressed to him as commissioner of crown lands which we givo us follows - >' f)¿\ artiueiit ot land mid Public Works, 8)dnc), lith Aovimkl, im Mr- 1 am directed to inlorm )ou that permission lias been uiimte') to It li R llovvltcr, I so , M D A , fbi the occupation of a portion ol land on the sea beuch at tvewcusth, tor the erection of bathlug liopse» for tl|e use ol the lnlmbituuts and thut autho rlty has been >,l\ en for tho riserv ntlou of a ri^lit of w nj thereto I have the honour -to bo Sir youi most obe lient servant Micnu'i. 1 u/i nunn O II llnuclaiu! Lsq, Commissioner ol( rown I anils,Noweitstle -r-A(iiC(Ui//ii ( muí I, Aoi JO lum lu vis-Mr Itono ittiirnul I'loiu |i|s pomhirn eflui pnlgn on W eiluesdu), per lelegraiih. aoioiuiiunlid li) lilggei. son in charge ol Marlnei and Gratis neither ol whom have benellttal mueli lu npiiuraiiio by tiltlr long sojouiii In the sister colony- I ho race horse Huntsman, b) Waverl) out of tessie was disposed of by nulle at the Jtoynl Hotil on Satur day last-uo members, nt one guinea each Mi David Hell was the far)limito man mid we leel bound to my the hone could not have got into better hands-loor old I uroka vvis sold ut auction i(t Hint u, on Wednisila), foi 7.\ guineas 1 It is not many months sinai Mr lindwood olUircd J-^00 tor hlin In tlio saddling jmd tit Mverppol Ho JooUd ¡wxto|iedly poor - Wo leam that Mr Itovvo parted vvltb Atl Illa vv lilli In Mol, bourne mid Hint the lim se is to be scut to China It Is Also stated that a bid ol l.tit) for Gratis was oilcrcd urn! iel used - /?I um Ihn fra a I urf Gossip MR. JUSTICE THERRY -It Is gcnerall) undorrtood that lils Honoi Mr Justice Therry will quit the colony foi tho old country in tim early part of next year-tra, A'ou 20 WESTMORELAND - MORE SHEARERS THAN SHEEP . The reporter ot the noi Hiern cneiiltat Ajiploby ua^a -"'Hie attendance, ol tlio bin wus considerable, e» routa for Lan oastoi, und mt thoj woro loiivin^ tlio oouit, in tlio oiowd, a tanner's vulo, u spootator ot the hcunc, was litaid lo exolaim aloud to p oorppnnipp^ ' Lil, bairn, but tboro's n guv lot o' counsullcrs for siko a bit oi btibincs»*-nu opinion wli(oh soemoil to moot with vorj general cqnoiii itiioo iiiiionir Ho wyil 'oQiiusollors,' who tuon, lui JaoJt ot otliei oinplojment, (Jis|misiiel Üiernsplvos n'wut the niioienttowp, owniPjing thdifii) tiliiuipklmpuDsorccted tor tlio oponing of tho Edon Valo raiiivav>-Lloyd's mws, Auij. ia. 