— DR. BROWNSON AND THE PRESBY-' TERIANS. ..,...). (From i IJroainson's Jtcvlew.— Continued;) Brownson's Exposition orf himself. ' Tho Biblical ?; - r .'.-. Repertory and Princeton Review. Philadelphia ; Walker. January, 1858. . : , ; The Reviewer havin? disposed of the grave . . ',., objection, hroiight in The Convert ugainst Pres . , byterianism, that is, disposed of it by confirming . ,;: it, he attempts to show that a similar objection .may be urged ajninst the Catholic system. The grave objection Dr Brownson brought to Pres bytenanism, was that it disclaimed nil mfal libility, refused to tell him authoritatively what he must believe, sent him to the Bible to form, by his own honest study of its pages, his own ' creed, or to ascertain the doctrines God has re vealed, and then pronounced him a heretic, nnd consigned him to perdition, if in the exer cise of his judgment he happened to come to con clusions repugnant to her standards ; thus both disclaiming and assuming authority, 'leaving him with nil the responsibilities and disadvantages of private judgment, without allowing him any of the advantages of freedom. You are free, it said to him, to form your own creed from the Bible, and Gnd forbid that 1 should dictate to you, or undertake to tell you what you must believe, but if you form a creed different from mine, or fail to believe as I believe, I will cut you off from my communion, deny you the Christian name, nnd consign you to eternal perdition. This charge, , we have seen, the Reviewer really confirms, even, while affecting to be very indignant at the author . of The Convert for having brought it Now be would tain persuade us that this charge may. be retorted upon the Catholic Church. True, the Presbyterian, be concedes, must exetcise bis reason in determining the meaning of the Bible, but so must the Catholic in ascertaining the meaning of the rescripts, bulls, and mandates of 'the Pope, and the former is as easy as the latter. Unhappily our Reviewer does not appear to have made any very profound study of the questions at issue between the Catholic Church and the several Protestant sects. Throughout ' his whole article he proceeds on the assumption, that we Catholics hold tbat the Church, or the Pope as visible head of the Church, has authority : to make articles of f.iith, whether they are con tained in the revealed word of God or not. He assumes that we hold the Pope is sovereign -? arbiter of our faith, nnd can declare any thing to be an article or dogma of faith he chouses, and ?therefore that our faith rests solely on human authority, and not on the word of God. This, we must tell him, is not only a mistake, but a mistake which is not creditable to his theologic.il science. He should know, then, that while we concede that the Church, and therefore the Pope, since he ; possesses in himself all the powers of the Church in their plenitude, has power to define and establish new articles of faith, we deny tbat either has authority to define, decree, or declare to be of faith any thing not contained in the divine tradition transmitted from the Apostles to us, not contained in the original deposit of faith, .' or in the word of God committed to the Apostles, and by them transmitted to their successors. _-Tbe P'-pe dues not make the faith, any more than the judge makes the law ; he only declares it, and can. make or declare to be of Catholic faith only what is contained in the original deposit, only what- has been really of faith from the be ginning. He has, therefore, no arbitrary power -in the case, and the Church, in her decrees of new dogmas and articles, is restricted to the original deposit of faith. The authority of the Church is in no case the ultimate reason or ground of our Catholic faith. In Catholic faith we believe the matters revealed, not because the Church says they are true, but because they are the word of God, and God cannot lie, deceive, or be deceived. Thus in our act of faith, the Catholic says, '0, my Grid, I firmly believe nil the sacred truths the Holy Catholic Church believes and teaches, because thou hast revealed them, who canst neither deceive or be deceived.' But'tbough we believe not the revelata on the authority of the Church, yet we do believe on her nuthority that they are revelata, or the word of God. We do not, as the Reviewer imagines, believe the Church or the Pope is inspired to re veal truth, or authorised to make anything not di ; vinely revealed, of Catholic faith ; we simply be lieve that the Church, or, if you prefer, the Pope, in whom tho Church culminates, is divinely np . pointed, and assisted to keep, to promulgate, to de fine, and to declare what has already been revealed and made obligatory on all the faithful by our Lord himself. If the Reviewer had known this, ; he would have seen that his flings at Catholics on ? the supposition that they reject the word of God ?? for the Pope, are quite* out of character, and ?pointless save as against himself. We hold, as well aa he. that nothing can be of faith but what 'is7 contained in the word of God. The point to : be determined is not, whether we shall believe the word of God or not, for everybody who be lieves in God at all, knows and believes that his word is infallible truth. The point is to deter mine, by infallible authority, what is the word of '' ' Gud. Here is where the divergence between us and the Reviewer begins. His Church being confessedly fallible, cannot tell him what is the Word of God, and therefore leaves him, on this question, ns he himself confesses, to his own private reason. We, on the other band, say that our Church is a divinely appointed and assisted, and therefore an infallible guide in this very question, and able to solve it infallibly. The only difficulty in the case lies here. Once infallibly certain that a given doctrine is a divine revelatum, or divinely revealed, we believe it at once, by the simple force (if reason itself ; bul if on this point wa are not certain, are in doubt, we cannot believe the doctrine, because we arc not sure that it is a revealed doctrine. The faull we find with the Reviewer is, tbat precisely here, 'where the infallible guidance is' necessary, and where alone it is necessary, his system fails us provides us no authority or guidance at all, bu 'leaves us to grope our way in the dark as bes ,we can. On the Catholic system this difficult} is removed, by the infallible authority of thi Church, rendered competent by the assistance o 'the Holy Ghost to declare what God has or ha: not reve.iled. If the Catholic system be true, i meets and obviates the precise difficulty in tht easel ' Not at all, contends the Reviewer, for it is a; easy to ascertain by our reason the meaning o the Scriptures, as it is the meaning of Papal res cripts, bulls, and mandates. *? If we grant tin infallibility of the Pope, is it any easier to examin his rescripts, bulls, nnd mandates, than it is ti examine thejhclarations of God, as recorded hi holy propliets, evangelists, and apostles? Mus' we employ our reason in judging of the meaninj of the Scriptures? And must it not also he ?env ployed in judging of the meaning of the Papa dogma? Must we abide in the one case by wha our reason discerns to be set forth, and not in tb- other?' This reasoning concedes that the P.reS' b'yteriari must rely on his private reason to ascer tain tho meaning of the Scriptures, which it wil be well to remember, especially when we find as wo soon shall, that he claims the aid of th Holy Ghost in doing it. ' Tho Reviewer, however proceeds'on an assumption that we cannot gran him,' namely, that'all he tins to do by bis reasoi is to ascertain the meaning of the Scripture: The point to be determined is, what is the won of God, or what has God revealed and commnnde us to believe ? The word of God is his word whether written or unwritten ; and, whethe written or unwritten, it is equally tho prope object of Catholic faith. Tho rule of faith' i always and everywhere the same. Men believed nnd were true believers, before one syllable of th revealed word was written. The whole Nei Testament, as is evident on its face, was writte after the Church was founded, and was addresse to. believers -for- their -instruction or~ edification; There- must have been, then, in the beginning, ami therefore there must be now, some mea'hs, independently of the Scriptures, of attaining! to an infallible knowledge of the word of God, or of what it is God has revealed. None but those who can read can, on the Reviewer's1 doctrine, know what God has revealed ; and this, at one stroke, would exclude nirieteen-twentieths of the human race from the possibility of being Christian believers, for not more than one-twentieth of the race know how to read. When the Reviewer has ascertained the meaning of Scripture, his work is j very far trom being done : he has still to settle the question that the writings he calls the Holy Scriptures, have been given by dirine inspiration, and do really contain a record of ' the declara tions of God,' a thing he can never do by his reason alone. The canon of Scripture cannot be settled by reason alone, for natural reason is not able of itself alone to judge whether an ancient writing be divinely inspired. He can settle it only by an appeal to the tradition of the Church, and even by that appeal only on condition that he recognises the infallible authority of that tra dition. That he cannot do, for that tradition condemns his PresbyteriDnisin. He. had to deny the authority .of that tradition before he could nssert his Presbyterianism, nnd, having denied its authority, he cannot now appeal to it. If it is authority on one point, it is authority on nil points covered by it. This is the answer to his semper ubique, which be so rashly interjects. It is evident, then, tbat the Reviewer has to settle by' reason alone, or interior illumination, the 'whole question of what is or is not revelation, or the matter to be believed on the authority of God speaking — Dei revelantis. There is, then, in the outset, a very grave work for reason, on the Reviewer's system, tbat there is not on ours. 'On the supposition of the infallibility of the Church, nil thi3 work is done, all these questions are answered by her teaching, and all that we have to do in relation to this matter is simply to listen to what she teaches. Now, will the Reviewer pretend that it is as easy for him to do all there is on. his system for him to do, as it is for us to do what we have to do, tbat is, to understand the meaning of what the Church with her own living voice tells ui? The Reviewer seems to imagine that we can arrive at the meaning of what the Church teaches only by reading and examining the Papal rescripts, bulls, and mandates. This is a mistake, Papal re scripts, hulls, and mandates, are not ordinarily ad dressed to the body of the faithful, they are ad dressed to individuals, ortheprelates of theChurcb, or, if to the body of the faithful, only indirectly, through their pastors, and it is not necessary that the faithful as a body should examine or even see them. Then the Reviewer forgets that on the Catholic system there is an Ecclesia judi cans, as well as an Ecclesia docens, and there fore that when any doubt arises, or any miscon ception as to the meaning of what the Church teaches, there is present a living authority ready, to resolve the doubt, and to remove the miscon ception, which on the Presbyterian system is wholly wanting. But let the Reviewer speak again for himself: ' This matter of Papal infallibility is almost the only issue between Protestants and Eomanists dis cussed in the book. And .this is hardly so much discussed, as disposed of by flings at tho Protestant doctrine, chief among which are tho passages already quoted, in which ho makes all tho monstrous heresies of his life a logical sequence from it. He would plainly have his readers understand that these aro justifiable, so far as the Protestant denial of Papal infallibility is justifiable. Fanny Wright libertinism is a dear logical sequence, he assures us, from the right of private judgmont ! Now, in regard to all this, the first question is, what is tho private judgment asserted by Protestants ? It is simply this : 1. Eaoh one must judge for himself that the. Bible is the word of God, not of man, upon the evidence it offers to him of being such, not merely upon the testimony of Borne other man. 2\. He must also judgo for himself that it teaches certain truths, and enjoins certain duties, not merely because some other man say so, but because ho perceives that God utters these things in Mb own oracles. He may be much assisted by ministers and others, in bringing to his attention the evi dences of tho inspiration of the Bible, and ot its asserting what it does assert rather than its con tradictory. But still faith in the Bible as the word of (Jod, and in Christian trutli as taught in that word, is nothing else than a judgment or be. lief of the mind, that these things tire so, upon tho evidence presented, just as belief that the sun is luminous, or a stono is extended, is a judgement of tho mind that these things are so, upon tho evi dence presented. ' Now, on the supposition that the Pope is in spired, must there not be private judgment to an equal extent ? Must there not be a personal judgmont upon evidence that he is inspired, and nlso upon tho doctrines ho teaches, in view ol the evidence thereof ? This cannot be gainsaid.'1 —P. 137. Here it is concluded that on the Protestant system, 'each one must judge for himself tbat the Bible js the word of God, not of man, upon the evidence it offers of being such, not merely upon the testimony of some other man.' But if you allow each one to judge for himself, you must allow him to judge for himself wbetber'the Bible is or is not the word of God ; otherwise you prejudge the case and in no sense permit him to judge for himself. If, then, he judges the evi dence it presents is insufficient to prove that it is the word of God, he is free to rpject it as suet word. Here your rule of private judgment justi fies ' the monstrous heresies ' you speak of. Each one, you say, ' must also judge for himsell that it — the Bible — teaches certain truths, and enjoins certain duties, nut merely because some other man says so, but because he perceives thai God utters these things in his own oracles.' But suppose ho has already judged that the Bibl- is not the word of God, and suppose that he fails to perceive that the certain truths and the certair duties you insist on are contained in it ? Wher you bid a man judge for himself, remit him tt his private judgment, you necessarily, unless yoi are mocking him, leave him to decide the casi either way according as he judges proper. W( know Presbyterians have singular notions o freedom. Thus they teach with regard to frei ?will, that a man is free in sinning nltbough. hi has no power to will not to sin, and concur ? freely with grace even when he has no poweVt resist it. Also they teach that a man is free ti judge. for himself, that they leave him perfectly free to judge for himself, whether the Bible be th' word of God, and, if it be, what it teaches, bu consign him to eternal perdition if he judge differently from them. But these.' notions' ar repugnant to common sense, which' denies freedon when either alternative presented is not equal!1 free. The freedom to judge in accordance with ' judgment already rendered, without the freedom to judge differently, is simply no freedom « judgment at all. If the Reviewer means wha he really says, he must concede tbat, in submittin, the two questions he specifies to private judgment be holds to a rule which justifies all the heresie Dr. Brownson fell into while a Protestant. But this is not the precise point before us ' Faith in the Bible as the word of God, and ii Christian truth as taught in that word, is nothinj else than a judgment . . . tbat tbese thing are so, upon the evidence presented.' A judg ment, undoubtedly, but are tbey a private judg ment, or does the belief of the mind that they-nr so, rest on private judgment? The Reviewe must be aware that a judgment is private o Catholic, not simply because it is a judgment or the judgment of an individual mind, but ii that its rule or principle is private or Catholit Where the rule, 'principle, or evi-lence is private restricted by the nature of the case to the mini judging, the judgment 'is a private judgment ; bu when it is a general principle of;r-mson, commoi to all men, a public or .Catholic renson, the judg ?ment is-not' a private, but as we say, a Cntholic .pi judgment.1' Though in receiving or in believing fo what the Church teaches there is n decided act of tt; reason, a real judgment of the mind, yet it is not Cl ajpnuaifejudgment, because its rule or principle C is public or Catholic. ' 8' This distinction, which is very real, answers the objection the Reviewer insinuates. On the M Protestant system the questions, is the Bible the v' word of God, and what are the truths God has °' revealed, are remitted to private judgment, and *?. the answers the Presbyterian gives to them are , simply his private judgments, because he obtains '^ them by no common, public, or Catholic standard. The judgment the Catholic forms on the same ^ questions is' not private judgment, because its jj principle is not private but Catholic, and there is ,1( a public tribunal before which it can he verified, tl corrected if erroneous, and confirmed if just. The supposition that the Pope is inspired; and ail the other suppositions dependent upon it, may be dismissed at once, for tbat the Pope or the Church is inspired is no Catholic doctrine. The points of investigation are few and easy on the Catholic system in comparison with what they are on the Protestant. The Church is a living, visible, and present body, and no more to he mistaken than the sun in the heavens. Ex tending as a living body, one nnd indivisible, from the Apostles to us, she connects us by her faith and communion with them, so tbat in her we, as it were, shake hands with them, hear their voice, and commune with them. face to face and heart to heart. There is, then, no room to doubt that her faith is theirs, and that it is their teaching we, hear in hers. Of course, there is a judgment of the mind tbat she is the Apostolic' Cburcb, but that is a judgment as easily formed, and as little of a private judgment, properly so called,, as the judgment tbat England is Eng land, France is France, or the United States are the United States. The Pope holds his authority ex ojficio, not as a private man, and in order to be assured of his authority to teach we have only to be assured that he is Pope, that he is Bishop of Rome. Undoubted|y there must be a judgment of the mind that he is Bishop of Rome ; but that is as easily formed as the judgment that Victoria is Queen of Great Britain, Napoleon III. is Em peror of the French, or James Buchanan President of the United States. Undoubtedly there must be n judgment that the Church teaches this or that doctrine ; but the Church by her pastors and doctors is everywhere present to state to the mind whether she does or does not teach it, and in lan guage express to. the point, clear, simple, and without ambiguity. If the pastor errs, there lies the appeal to the Pope, who responds to the pre cise question raised, and in terms which cannot be misinterpreted. Thus is it with the Catholic, and there is obviously no foundation for the objec tion the Reviewer would insinuate. When one bas embraced the Catholic system, and is in the Catholic communion, all his difficulties as to what God has revealed are over ; but when one is in the Presbyterian community they remain in all their force, and on no point does the Presbyterian Church abridge his labour, or remove a single one of bis doubts or difficulties. He settles and can settle every question of faith without her as well as with her, even supposing her belief correct, but no man can say the same of the Catholic Church. With heryour first difficulty is your only difficulty, that of identifying her externally with that Church of the Apostles which our Lord said he would found on Peter, and against which the gates of hell should not prevail. The Reviewer, in order to prove that that it is as difficult to ascertain the meaning of the Papal definitions and decisions as tbat of the Holy Scriptures, contends there are Beets and parties in the Church, such as Jansenists and Jesuits,' Cismontanes and Ultramontanes, &c;, and even goes so far as to say, 'it is doubtful, if at this moment the diversities among the evangelical bodies, as to what they insist upon are the fun damentals of Christian doctrine and practice, , . . as taught in the Bible, are greater than they are among Romanists [Catholics] as to what, on the same points, is taught by the Pope. It is certain that the old Jansenist and Jesuit controversy em braces the most material of these, to say nothing more.' — P. 138. The argument, would be worth something, if the facts in the case were as the Reviewer supposes. But they are not so. ' The differences among Catholics, whatever tbey may be, are never differences on points which the Pope bas formally defined, or as to the meaning of his definitions, but are differences on points on which . he has not spoken. The differences between the so-called Gallicansand Ultramontanes, are differ 'ences touching points on which the Pope has not rendered an express and formal judgment, not differences as to the meaning of a Papal judgment rendered. The controversy between the Jansenists and Jesuits was and is a serious ' controversy, touching the fundamental principles of the Christian faith ; but it is not, and never was, a controversy ns to the meaning of the Papal ; rescripts, bulls, mandates, or constitutions, for as ; to tbat meaning both parties have never dis agreed. Moreover, it is not a controversy between ? two sects in the Church, for the Jansenists are a ' sect outside of the Church and the Jesuits are not i a sect at all ; and, in their controversy with the i Jansenists, the Jesuits are simply Catholics, i defending the Catholic faith, as held by the whole , Church, against condemned heresies. We are . surprised that a writer so well informed as an j Old School Presbyterian ought to be, should , venture, in so respectable a periodical as the . Princtton Review, to assert that the Jansenists . are a sect in the Church. Jansenism has been f condemned by the -Holy See as a heresy, and all | who adhere to it are excommunicates, outside of . the Church, not within her pale. That they call t themselves Catholics, and seek confirmation from 1 the Holy See, while holding fast their heresy, as » does each new Jansenistic Archbishop of Utrecht, i on his election, amounts to nothing; for the con t firmntion is never granted, and the solicitation is i answered only by a new bull of excommunication. \- The Reviewer, therefore, proceeds on misinforma , tion, and the instance he adduces is not in point, j The controversy between the Jesuit Fathers and » the Jansenists is no more a controversy between f two sects in the bosom of tbe Church than is the 3 controversy between us and the Princeton » Review. . . ? /?':? ;.-, ?:?,?;.'? 5 ' But,' says the Reviewer, ' a deeper; qftes'tion u emerges here. Wbat is ] the Church ? and' what j nre the notes and criteria by which it is known? ?j These are hinge-questions on which Mr. Brown e son observes a prudent retinency, unless he call t incidentally touch some shallow prejudice.' — Pp. s 138, 13S-. That Dr. Brownson does not fully dis e cuss these questions in his Convert is very possi i ble, for in that work be was simply giving some y leaves from his own. experience, not writing a a systematic treatise de Ecclesia ; but he has, as n the Reviewer must be well aware, very amply if discussed them, without any 'prudent retinency,' t in the pages of this Review, a periodical not, we g presume, unknown to the Reviewer, though he ° takes care never to mention it. If he found any s gaps in the particular work before him,- it would have been easy for him to have supplied them by (, reference to other well-known and accessible i writings of the same author. t But what is the Church according to the Old s School Presbyterian Reviewer?. 'The Church r. whose faith we recognise,' he says, p. 139, 'is „ the .congregation of faithful men of every age and 0 nation, who profess nnd practise the true religion.' r Then it would seem that there are fiiilhful who r [ are not of the true religion. What does the Re ;( '. viewer mean by congregation'1. When heFsays i, the Church is the congregation, &c;, be must un !# [ derstand, if he uses language correctly, not tbe ., ' faithful scattered through all manner ot sects and [I communions, but the faithful collected and united t unJer some sort of regimen in one LoJy or com rt munion. If not so collected and united, there is . no congregation, but a segregation rather. ' Who ?ofess and practise the true religion.' Then be re you can determine the Church, you must de rmine the religion, that is, you must learn the hurch by the religion, not the religion by ,the hurch. How then learn what is the true reli on ? The Reviewer says : ' We agrco that, while every man must judge for imself of ovory doctrine, whethor it be of God ; it there is one faith of God's elect, and the mind ? every real Christian is infallibly guided into that itli, aB to the substance of it, by the spirit of God. [o has an unction from the Holy One whereby he noweth all things, i.e., he is enabled to see and re jive all 'essential things pertaining to lifo and sdliness' sot forth in tho word of God. II' ho aviatea radically from this faith of tho true Church, 10 people of God, his judgmont i3 neither more Dr less his own private or personal judgment, inn if ho adopts it. But it is evidence that he is ot guided by the Spirit of. God. It betrays a vong moral state. We do not hesitate to take the jsponsibility, as we must give account to God, of enouncing his heresy as anti-Christian, pernicious, id fatal, and of excluding him from church riviloges accordingly. Does Mr. Brownson deem ivil and physical pains and ponalties desirablo [so ? If so, let him say so. The Church, whoso lith we recognize, is the congregation of faithful len of every ago and nation who profess and ractiso tho true religion. To ronounco the faith f this Church, we indeed denounce as fatal. If ; be askod how this Church is known, we answer, y those scriptural tests, doctrines and fruits. Vo are commanded not to receive those who come nd bring not this doctrine ; to try by a doctrinal 3st the spirits whether they be of God ; and those re commended who try thorn which aay they are postles and are not, and find them liars. And if ny have tho clothing of sheep in this respect, but re really wolves, v»e are required to know them iy their fruits. For in vain is it to cry Lord, Lord, nd not do the things which he saith. If it be sked again, how wo know what is the true doc rine and practice which distinguishes the true people of God ; we answer again, from tho word of Jod. By this we know that wo know Christ, be ause wo keep his commandments. He that heareth nd doeth these things hath builded on a rock. All he is builded on the sand. Says John, 'he that is if God heareth us. He that is not of God heareth lot us.' His people are those who have his word iwelling in them.'— Pp. 139, 140. Here we see the author claims the infallible ;uidance of the Spirit of God for every real Christian, and, as be doubtless considers himself i real Christian, he holds that by virtue of tbe nterior illumination of the Holy Ghost he is nfallible in all matters pertaining to 'life and rodliness.' It is dangerous disputing with a nan who claims to be infallible. But as every ?eal Christian belongs to the Church, every mem )er of the Church, according to the doctrine of mr'Okl School Presbyterian, must in all matters )f faith, in all things pertaining to life and god mess, oe personally miauioie. mis is pusuing nfallibility a little too far for us, stanch Papists is we are. We hold the Church collectively and ifficially is infallible in matters, of faith and norals, but we are not prepared to admit that ndividual members are personally infallible, iven those who are the greatest Baints. We hold the Pope, ex nfficio, as supreme Doctor )f the Church, to be infallible through the protec ;ion and assistance of the Holy Ghost ; but we lo not hold that even he personally, in his private japacity as a private man, or a private Christian, is infallible. It would seem tbat Old tschool Presbyterians claim to be each and every one of them a Pope, and more than we Catholics believe the real Pope to be. Perhaps it is the wish to be himself Pope that keeps the Old School Presby terian out of the Church. But pass over this. ' Tha Church whose faith we recognize, is the congregation,|.of faithful men, in every age and nation, who profess and practise the true reli gion.' Who are these ? ' The true people of God.' But who are the true people of God ? ' They who profess and practise the true faith.' But what is the true faith ? ' There is one faith of God's elect, and the mind of every Christian is infallibly guided into that faith by the Spirit of God.' Does the Reviewer mean to assert that one can be a real Christian before baving or being guided into that faith? But again, whac is that ' one faith of God's ??-elect.'. 'We agree that every man must judge for himself of every doc trine, whether it be of God.' Then is that 'one faith 'what every man for himself judges it to be? No. What then? That intn whi«h 'the mind of every real Christian is infallibly guided by the spirit of God.' But, my dear Reviewer, you move only in a vicious circle. This interior guid ance you speak of is individual, private, ' hidden' with God, and cannot be adduced as a note or criterion of the Church, because it is not exter nally discernible, and also because it requires itself to bo tested. We must try the spirits, as you yourself concede, to see whether they be or be no't of God. What is that test? The doctrine, you answer. Well, what is the test of doctrine? 'The word of God.' The word of God as authoritatively professed by the Catholic Church ? No. As each individual understands it for him self? No, for ' there is one faith of God's elect,' and he who deviates from it ' gives evidence that he is not led by the Spirit of God,' arid ' we do not hesitate to take the responsibility of de nouncing his heresy as anti-Christian, pernicious, fatal, and of excluding him from Church privi leges accordingly.' But you cannot say a man deviates from that faith, unless you know what it is. What then, again, is it ? That into which ' the mind of every real Christian is guided by the Spirit of God.' We are back at our starting .point. The test of tbe Church is the doctrine and practice, and the test of the doctrine and practice is the mind of the real Christian. What is tbe test of the mind of the real Christian ? What is the Church ? ' The congregation of faithful men, who, profess and practise the true religion.' How are tbese to be known? 'We answer, by those Scriptural tests, doctrine and fruits.' But how know you tbe doctrine and fruits .which are the tests of the true religion ? ' If it be asked how we know what is the true doctrine and practice which distinguishes tbe true people of God ; we answer again, from the word of God.' As understood by whom ? By everybody for himself? No, your only answer is, as understood by the true people of God. 13 ut who are these? Here begins over ngain tbe !same series of questions, and the same series of answers, which leaves us nearly as wise at the end as we were at the beginning. The Reviewer seems to us to mistake the Scriptural authorities he quotes. 'God's people,' he says, 'are those who have bis Spirit dwelling in them.' No doubt of it; but that is not the question. Who are they that have his Spirit dwelling in them? 'Beloved,' says the blessed Apostle, ' believe not every spirit j but try the spirits, whether they be of God : for there are many false prophets gone out into the world.' ' We are of God. He tbat knoweth God heareth us ; he that is not of God heareth us not. By this we know tbe Spirit of truth and the spirit of error.' Here is the test. They who gather with tbe . Apostolic communion and hear the Apostolic authority are of God j they who separate from tlmt communion and hear not that authority nre. not of God. You must then test the Spirit by tbe communion, or tbe Church of tbe Apostles, not tbe communion by the Spirit, doctrine, or practice. It is the misfortune of Old School Preshyterianism that it is obliged tore verse the maxims of tbe Apostles as wall as thoie of common sense. ( To be concluded.) Peniutu.— Bay entire, RF oil shoulder, hind feet white, blaze do-va face, rising 3 years old, 14 hands high. To be sold on the 13th October. MuswELLBltooi:.— White working bullock, red head and neck, oil' ear cropped, MB over; 99 off rump. Strawhurry working, biillouk, \VP near rump, WF ofl'rump, O off ribs. To be sold on the 18th October. , 