! ..!' : i THE INDIA DI'.L.' - . ; " ! (From the Examiner, April 3,) !,'(' ;" Tho receipt for dressing a cucumber, aft (he most cureful and elaborate directions ru pëcVingïngrediontsarrd quantities, oil, vínogii pepper, salt, &c;, concludes that after all tl best thing to be done with the uhwholesoh mess is to fling it out of window. So let'it 1 with thé India Sill, the dressed cucumber tlie Derby'Ministry. Iiord Palmerston's plo was faulty, inasmuch as it was a modification tho, double government, bu* . Lord Elle borough's fm t-astic scheme caf ries the fault to tl highest ph..M of extravagance. If the Oounc of the fumier Minister was a cucumber,; which no good use could be made, the Goiirit of the present is' a huge pumpkin, or gourd, the same unwholesome family. The thu proposed, indeed, is nothing less than u. Parli ment of tho pro-reform pattern, part nomiriatio parf representation, part pot-walloping; " fra .chise. _ . t The Council is to be composed of eightee members serving for a limited period at salarl of £1000, and besides, having their shares i the Indian patronage. [:, Half the Council ara be nominoess; of the Crown. The other hi are to be elective. .' ' Tho Government does not leave,itself, fri 'to select j the' men best qualified to conduct tl affairs of'India, wherever they may bo foun but limits its range "of choice by the conditio of ten'years', civil or military'' service, or lin that; period 'in:: the .Queen's army in Indi Why it is to bo assumed that an officer in tl; Indian army requires ton years'service to mal him ^ competent for the Council, while a officer hi the Queen's army ripens to eligibilil under the same sun in half the time, we ai utterly at a loss to divine. But so it is thi the Indian officers are rated at half;thc capacit of tho Queen's officers, who may say to thet in tho words of Sganarelle, in. tho Médeci \ maigre lui, '' Vous n'êtes pas obligó .d'etre avtts, habile qué nous." Of rthe nine nominees the first four, mus I have been iii the .civil service respectively i Madras, Bombay, Bengal, and tho Upper Prc vinces, the fifth must have served at the res; dency of a native prince for five years out of th ten passed in India. The next-three member must have served ten years, in the Madras Bombay, or Bengal army ; ¿the .favoured nint member is eligible after only five years' servie in India in tho Queen's army. These norn nées of the Crown are not to be engaged ;in an profession or trade. 1 _' 1 Of tho other and oloctive moiety of the Cour eil, the first four, numbered like hackney coker, mon, 10, ll, 12,18, must have served in Indi tori years in civil, legal, military, or, naval orr ployments, or have resided in India for fifccoi years. Whence it seenis that tho capacity c ari unemployed resident is inferior to that of ai employed resident in the ;proportioi of two to three. In an Indian barrack a ship, a court, or , office, a man ripens li eligibility in teri years, but a mere resident, ni matter how endowed, and höwover he mai i exerciso: his observation and wits, and th< I opportunity of leisure pf which comes wisdom cannot grow into the qualification for a membe of Council in less than fifteen years. Thes< four membcrs,'10, II, 12, 13, aro to,be electee by a constituency of about 5000, composed o persons who.have sorved nnd;,resided in. Indi; ten years, and of the registered proprietors o capital stock in public works to the amount o £2000,or bf East'Iudla Stock to the amount o £1000. «Tho next five members must havi been enagedHn trado with India; or in tin manufacture, or. export of articles of export t< India for five years; or have rosidod in lndii for teri years. These .five' numbers, l-l, lo, 10 17,' 18) are to bo chosen by." tho Párliamentar electors of . London, Liverpool, Manchester Glasgow, and Belfast, each place returning one In all the rest of the plan some acquaintance! with. India lias been supposed essential, arie service or residence' iii-the country Has*' beer taken as the guarantee of : such knowledge, bu hero a..bold departure is inado from this pr in ciple, arid neither in.the constituency, nor ir tho five members to bo chosen, is thero anj guarantee for the slightest acquaintance witl; Indian affairs, for it will-hardly be pretender] that any knowledge ' of a country comes' merely of exporting articles to it. If it wore so, in- deed, Bass and Allsopp would be the men besi acquainted with tho affairs of tho whola world, for what region is not moistened with theil beer, guee,regio non plena £ No Jewish disabili- ties, indeed, stand between us and tho canvass of Moses and Sons for tho scats 14, 15, 10, 17, I for ns outfitters to India and slopsellers thoy fall within tho terms of eligibility. And what, let us ask, is to bo the proof'of the trading with Iridia, what the scale? And -what man carrying on a respectable trade with'India would neglect or abandon it for £1000 a-yeor, for six years nt the : utmost, perhaps not so long? ' . But it is not tho sudden relaxation of the rule of eligibility, beforo so strained, to which we object. The mischief libs in another quar- ter. What would bo the practical effect of giving to the five great towns, mentioned tho olection of an irresponsible dispenser of patronago? For what would such a man bo chosen? Foi* his acquaintance with Indian affairs, or for any qualification to deal with them? Who is simple enough to believe it? The honestest motive for solectton would most probably bo political, though'party politics ought to hava nothing to do with the matter ; nt Belfast, perhaps, it «might bo- religious, and Maynooth would bethe tost of a man's fitness for the Indian Council. Buta much worse motivo would also como into play. To seat a man in a salary, of £1000 a-year and an eighteenth part of tho patronage pf Jndin, would, to an active portion of a largo constituency, appear no ungrateful task, and performed, wo may bo sure it would bo, with a lively expectation of favours to come in appointments for sons, nophows, &o.; ?. The olection would bo, in Eastern phraso,,tlio groat grandfather of jobs. It would bo tho job of jobs. This is the bait bf tho Bill. It will not take. It has not boen ounningly do vis od. It will anger more sinister interests than it will allure Why nro these fivo boroughs to bo spocially favoured ? other constituencies ask. Because they ara ¿ho largest ? Remember that rule, then, reply they, when you introduis your Roform Bill, and make population tho presumption of tho best, intolligonco and trust- worthiness. . The objections to this part of tho plan aro sol obvious that it ls hardly necessary to dwell upotr them, and letting it pass as sufficiently' condemned already - by public opinion, tho two groat' questions that remain tb bo answered aro, Wherp is tho responsi- bility to bo )found ia .this plan, and , of, what use is the Oounoil to bo? As for respon- sibility, between tho two stools Of the President and ,'thö Council' it "falla; to tho ground. "If. tho' thing works umlöB "tho Minister whb.Jms 'exercised tho power ofappointment wíU'tbr 'blame oh' tho 'électivp part',' andi the1'elect , part-will retort thb' blnroo ' on' the Minister Tho Secretary will always have n scape-goat tho ' Council,' tho Council in the Secretary, a that is not ali, The olective part will hi its subdivisiorial différences, and tbe Indi representatives and their constituencies v havp their supreme contempt for tbe tradi members for the towns. Responsibility is ri shuttle-cocked 1 botween the Board of Cont and tho India House, but in the propos plan it would be bandied about between hal dozen battledores instead pf two. 1 And as for the use of this whimsical constituted Council, Mr. . D'Israeli ;has 1 imparted the slightest idea what is to be/wi its functions; what its method of workii what its powers with relation to tho Indi Minister, whether it is to be over him or over it, whelher it is to bo a great impcdimi or a great nothing. Every part of a huge pl has been elaborately explained except its mi uso. . '?" '. i ' ' ? ? '???-:?:< The Duke of Wellington extolled Souit a great' captain, a -wonderful man in a corti way, who could assemble a hundred thousa men'at a given placo on a given day, even the hour, and - when ho had got them tho added tho Duke, with his' pithy sense, he c not know'what the »deuce to do with the And so it is with Lord Ellenborough's Cóúnc after tuking infinite pains to assemble thom, knows no moro what:to do ¡with them-than t .Marshal So ult how to apply his forces. . Perhaps) however, tho best thing to bo. sf for tho, Council is, that it would be tho sha: the unreal. mockery denounced by. Mr. Et buck.. But ',£18,000 a-yoar is a high: price pay,for a mere toy, a make-believe, as the ch dren call such things.- It was designed : doubt to please everybody. ' There was tl nomination principle to please the old . Tprii the Indian eligibility and franchise to please, tl Indians, the. election vested, in tho five gre towns to please small traders and greaten d ca j But, unfortunately, there is as much or.moro displease tha,n to please.; The black'hairs a \- picked out as well as the gray. If two mt -ride the same horse one muBt ride before,;ar if, two principles are to work in the same mc ,s.uro,for tho same end, ono must be preferab to the other; , If nomination be tho better ru of choice, let it-be all.nomination ; if electit is preferable, let it be all elective. Nothing gained by ti half-and-half measure, ' neither ot thing nor the other effectively, but'just onouf of,each to pull different ways. Tho duties «be provided for aro executive, and exocuti therefore ought to' bo tho powor of appoiij mont, and-tho responsibility. , . ... " Noyer was a measure so clogged with cone tions as this India Bill. The chances are mai that some of the .best men willnot come with the ;rules of eligibility. Suppose an officer have, served some part of ton years in ono Pr sidoney, somo part in another, he will not t qualified for seat 1, Q, 3, or 4. And as tl; Times has observed, tho most able and useft men are precisely those who are usuall tran sferred about, > as occasion arises fe their soryices. ' And why, let us asl does tho Government fetter, its own chola limiting it to tho field of employment in Ind; fora certain term, and thus wilfully deny iii the Indian Empire tho advantage of tho servit pf men ;excollently qualified, though they ha\ »over sot foot, in India?. One name of th class will occur to. every one, that of Mr. Joh Mill,vari, Indian statesman!' of the first ordo ominehtíy qualified 'for tho Council, but ii eligible because, though his mind has been i India serving it fornearly forty years, his bod has not. Is it not a sufficient censure on thi bill that such a man , is unqualified under it If the Crown is to nominate at, all, let nominate unshackled by any predetermine conditions. If tho Crown be fit to choose, i all, it is needless j arid mischievous to norrbi ihe rango bf its choice by setting up locd fences which may exclude the bost riaer! Wisely observes the Times: ... Somn people think that whon you want to appoint good oouncil, nt good Parliament, or nuy other Botisfao tory agency for tho transaction of public or privat affairs, tho best plan is to seleat somebody you can trus to ino Ito tho dioico, and then to .fetter his decision a littlo as possible, lost in tho nt te m pt to guard him fron error you preclude him from success, and substitut artificial mid teolinical rules for the prompting of indi vidual discretion. ' Suoh people think Unit it is of no us' tn give the power of olection or appointment to parson: or bodies in whom you do not confide, and that if you d ooiifjdo in them you hnd botter do it handsomely am altogether. They think that to narrow the,Hold of ohoici und multiply tho conditions of eligibility is to diminisl the responsibility of tho chooser, and they think in thu rospousibility is the only real security for a good solea tiou. Tboy-wish to leave those they entrust with thi powi r of choice without exouso for a bnd appointment and would rather run tho risk arising from too muol liberty of selection than obligo the olooiorn to take i -worse man when tnoy have 'it lu their power to get i better. , . Reverting to our beforo-montionod example, how could the benefit of Mr. John Mill's services bo obtained for the proposed Council ? Only in one way. Ho must sot up in business, exporting pale ale or calico to India; and in five years he may, by virtue of shipping goods for tho Indian market, be eligible for ono oi the fivo towns favoured with tho choleo of a momber of Council. But thero is another difficulty in tho way. Would Mr. Mill givo up his present office to servo for a short time on tho Council, then to bo removed to give place to somo freshman ? Will many mon worth having be bad upon such terms ? If good mon are got for tho Council, they aro not tu bo kept. Is it with tho expectation of gotting good or bad men that it. is proposed to sot tip this rulo of frequent change? Tho objection applies to Lord Palmerston's plan as well as to Lord Ellenborough's ; but wo aro considering tho merits pf. tho project without any reference to tho proposers. , Perhaps not the loast strong condamnation of tho first half of tho plan is to bo found In the nominees of tho Crown. Is this in dead tho best that can bo dono?-Wado, Prinsep, and such small dear. Why aro not suoh mon as Sykes and Willoughby profcrrod ? Doubtless because, from somo accident or other, they clo not fall within tho narrow conditions of eligi- bility. And it is probable that Mr. D'Israoli will justify tho sorry choices ho has mada by showing that tho qualifications ha has fixed debarred him of any bolter. Tho best-thing to do with the, bill is to omit every word of it following tho transfer of tho Indian territorios to Uio Crown, and tho appointment of a Secretary of State for Imlin. That will bo handsomely throwing tho cucum ber,'dressing and all, out of window. Wo do not blanio thu prosont Ministry for! proposing a Council, thoir prodocoBsors did tho samo ; everybody, indeed, thought' a 1 Gounoll indispensable, without perhaps. very well knowing . why, and. Lord, .Ellenborough I having to follow the fashion, has dono so with ! Iiis muai oxnggoratlon. ; AB 'Lord Fnlmorstvn was for* eight members, be overtrumps with eighteen, "/our-and-twenty fiddlers all of a row,", OB tho old song hfti 'it- This'unanimity for a" , time about tlie , necessity Jof a .Ooa.-icil reminds U9 bf a similar agreement in tho Arabian Nights, whore, upon tho "suggestion of an old woman, all tho world are of opinion that Aladdin's palace of precious stones will ho in- complete without the egg of . a gigantic tbird stuck up in tho centre, and accordingly Tthey all go wild for aroo's egg, no one thinking ot' asking the reason why.. But this, opinion .respecting a Council is giving way very rapidly. It is clear , that Lord Ellenborough himself does not . think a ^Council ; indispensable, for he is> actually governing India now, according ' to his ? own ' statement, quite independently of_tbo'Council existing,namely,, the Court bf Directors, which he docs not vouchsafe to consult ; and the Council which he proposes to establish.is to"be~convôkéd or not, according to his will and pleasure. As it is to bo tho ghost of- the defunct Court pf Di- rectors, it is, according to i ghostly otiquotto,. not.to speak until it is .spoken to. ' 7 , - ;. Tlio absurdities! of ";thb proposed scheme - have provoked the question whether, a Council is indispensable. It' ls.observed)that the Colo- nial Secretary gets on without a ' Council, though ho has to do with-tho -affairs-of :forly ,two colonies, scattered over,' the .whole iglobe, many of thom in,a.chronic crisis. À Minister . pf ,S tate_will_alway sjiayejhe command . of ; any assistance and advice lie requires, and the, pro- bability is that ho will do bet tur with counsel pf his own procuring than with counsel thrust upon him, and with ! which ho may > not havo reason to be satisfied. Job ihad a council 7 not ,i of his,- own ~ choice,; and small . was; the comfort ;. and , edification thereof. In: evidence of the change which opinion JLB undergoing on this point, wc extract some most sensible remarks from the Glasgow, Mail, the organ of one of the boroughs to which tho bait of a member is .offered. ."; , ' ? t : ^. Tho Secretary of State for. India would-be.moro res ponsiblo to Parliament, with a Counoil of Hight than a Onunoil of eighteen, and still moro eo with n Counoil of - Eight wholl; nominated by tho Crown thun a Council of Eighteen ono half of whom wert) appointed by various modes of election. Without any Council at all, indeed, tho Indian Minister would be most fully and d¡rootly responsible'.- Thora can be Hula doubt that the creation of a Counoil is simply 0 ountinuance in a modified form .. of tho "double government," and when anything goes" wrong it will still' bo matter of doubt whether the Minister or the Council is to blame. What the people seem to gain by tho right of electing five - members of the Council for Iridia would bo more than.lost, wè fear, thrcmghlbo administrative irresponsibility created under a Council as largo' as o~ Senate and - partly elective. Nomination out- and-out by tho Crown would-be prefera- ble on the whole, because, it would- leavo the Executive without 11,loophole by which it could, escape from the oeuHuro of Parliament ; but if it be desirable vto hiing into tho mlministration of Indian affairs fresh minds re- presentative'of-tbe commercial interests th'ero is no reason'why tho Crown may not be'reqnired-to seleot Ave members of the Counoil iioni nmong the merchants of ihe great -oommeroial- towns-of-tho kingdom. The object in viow would probably be moro certainly attained in this way than byjpopular'cleution, while the' unconstitutional mixture of the representative with (he executivo principle would bo avoided. * " We must admit that lhere is a consistency in tho Ministerial scheme withe all its faults. ' If this absurd measure were to.pass it-would' cer- tainly most strongly" verify the arguments of Mr. D'Israël! and his party against .Lord Pal- merston's measure, that it was , unwise to change the existing government of rlndiaj'.for that no alteration would be for the better. Tho project before us serves as a foil to tho^Gora pany. ' The Court of Directors shines in com- parison with-the proposed Council, with-its bottled boor and ginger pop members. Tho constitution bf tho Court is an absurdity, but the absurdity bas tho recommendation of sim- plicity and frankness. There is no sham, no cheat in it. It is a-double government in the sense of dual, but not of double-dealing. - ' * And hero a new light breaks in upon us. .As .it is hardly possiblethat such/ .»" ridiculous' thing 'cnn .have been seriously proposed, is it not a 'cunningdevice - to reconcile tho public to the retention bf ,tho old ,Company,?; '..And.certainly.' tho- old lamp will1 not be given for tho trumpery now ono offered. .Wo have .been in.the habit most.un- ' advisedly 'of asserting that a worso government than that of tho Company could not be.con trived, but Lord Ellenborough hus confuted us. It would.be nothing less (.buri an insanity to.mnko such a change for tho' wurso as would be done by passing this preposterous bill. No, no, Old Double must not die if no hotter suc- cessor can bo found than this brainless thing. And hore wo must stop lest wo should bo pro- voked to an eulogy on tho. company, like 'Brummel, who, when displeased with the - Prince bf Wales, threatened to bring tho old King into fashion. 