COLONIAL SCHOLARSHIPS. In Tasmania a Bill to establish a university and a Bill to endow scholarships have been discussed in Parliament, and referred to a Select Committee. In this colony, as our readers are aware, private ellort is being made to establish a Majority Fund, the interest of which it is proposed to use for sending youths to England, with a view to giving them an edu cation which is not obtainable here ; and there is also, we perceive, the sum of £200 placed upon the Estimates now before the Legislature for aiding the plan of competitive examination which was some time since laid before the Go vernment. With both these movements we heartily concur, so far as they evidence a grow ing desire to raise tha standard of education in this colony. Nor do we place them by the side of the more ambitious scheme pro posed in Tasmania with any intention of drawing a comparison unfavourable to this colony. Wa believe, on the contrary, that movements set on foot by the publio * them selves, as in the case of the educational efforts now being made here, are more promising and satisfactory than any plan that could be intro duced officially by the Government The Tas manian plan, however, strikes us a3 being an exceedingly good one in some respects. It proposes, as we propose, to endow scholar ships ; but it also provides for the education of the scholars, not in England, but in Tas mania. In favour of this plan, we think a great deal might be said. There are many ad vantages, as we have before shown, in sending the youth of South Australia to finish their education in the mother-country, but tho disad vantages of that plan are also so numerous that unless it can be Bhown that there is no possi bility of getting a fair education here we should hesitate to recommend it. To us it seem3 more reasonable that English teachers should come to the colony than that the colony should go to England for its teachers. Already there are very able men engaged here in the work of education ; and their number would bo sure to increase with encouragement. It is continually urged upon us, in fact, that we should do more than we have done to draw talent of this kind to our shores. In the face of that, however, the promoters of education would seek to procure in other countries the services which we are bo anxious should bo employed here. But this is not the worst evil that U likely to reault from the education of our youth abroad. Australia by this time ought to begin to show some evidence of nationality. The charactere3tic3 of her people a3 an indepen dent self-reliant race ought by this time to develop themselves ; and until they do bo we shall continue to regard the colonies as inero places of probation, instead of looking upon them as tho permanent homes of the colonists and their children. To lessen this evil Young' Australia must grow up amongst the associations and in the freedom and generous spirit of this our adopted country, Besides, tho funds that would send one pupil to Europe for the purposes of education would be sufficient to teach five or six boys in the colony. Her Majesty lately empowered tho Univer sity of Sydney to grant degrees of the same character as those obtained from the Univer sities of the United Kingdom. We, however, seem inclined to reply to.Her Majesty that our intellectual inferiority in the colonies \3 so great that such powers are of no use to us, but that wo must continue to send our children to the ancient seats of learning where our fore fathers have for hundreds of years learnt their Latin and Greek, or else remain for ever unen lightened. A professor from one of those learned schools to teach us Latin and Greek would of course be of no avail. The imported teacher would probably suffer from the sea voyage, and therefore we must go on emulating the costly plan of the Chinese when they were seized with an appetite for roast pork, and whose method of preparing it was to burn down the house with the pig inside. We are opposed to no scheme that will for ward the great cause of education; but we would suggest whether wa may not, like the neighbouring colonies, find some plan far combining scholarships and first-rate education in our own province. English. News. — The chief item of general interest in the English news is the satisfactory information as to the continued working of the Atlantic Telegraph. Messages, it seems, are transmitted with regularity, -but at not so great a speed as was attained when the cablo was tested in coil. The slowness, however, still admits of a short message being sent from England to America in a 'minute. In con nection with this subject we may direct atten tion to the fact contained in our Sydney telegram,, of the Panama Postal Bill having been carried. If this line is brought into use, the Atlantic Telegraph will be of great service to these colonies, since it will place us as near to London as we are to New York— so far aa the transmission of news is concerned. \- -: ? '?* ? ? StitabVs Discovbbies.— The report of Mr. Stuart, which was laid on the table of the House on Tuesday, and which we therefore expected to publish to- day, is, according to a resolution of the House yesterday, not to be printed at present. In another columm, however, our readers will find the letters which have passed between Mr. Stuart and the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the Bubject. Those letters are what we described them to be yesterday, only that Mr.Stuart claims 1,500 square miles of land insteadof 1,000 square mile3as wo stated, the hit ter being tho quantityofferedby the Government, subject to the approval of the House. It will be seen also that Mr. Stuart reserves his right to claim tho bonus for the discovery of a gold field in the new country, though he does not ?tate whether such a discovery has been made. The Legislature will no doubt find some meana of dealing liberally with Mr. Stuart, notwithstanding the difficulty which presents itself of the law being hi opposition to the mode in which he claims compensation. But he should bear in mind that theiafbrma tiou upon which he. seeks to make a bargain wQl no doubt ere long be in tho hands of the Government from Mr. Babbage, who has pnshad forward into the new country. Of course that Soes not lessen Mr. Stuart's right to. bo fairly rewarded for uu valuable dis coveries. ?? ' - , The Postal Service.— We understand that the Victorian Government have consented to thencaluTig-ofthe- oceanmailsteamcrsatrPort Adelaide on the homeward voyage. t We are not informed whether the November steamer will call, or whether the concession will not be carried out before December. It will be re membered that the Postage Act, which pledges this Government to the subsidy for the mail service, contains a clause providing that the steamers shall call on the homeward voyage at Kangaroo Island not later than December in the present year. It is quite certain, however, that no renewal of the contract will take place, so far as this colony is concerned, without the steamers calling at Port Adelaide both on the outward and inward passage. ? Tns Assessment on Stock. — We publish in another column the report of the Select Committee of the Assembly appointed to exa mine and report on the Government Bill for imposing an assessment on stock depastured on the waste hinds of the Crown, together with protests from Messrs. Neales and Dutton and Mr Glyde..-. The character of the report is precisely what we predicted it would bi in announcing the appointment of the Committee. The practical recommendation in respect to the Government Bill is that it bo withdrawn for the present ; but it remains to be seen whether, the House will endorse that recommendation. Should this result follow, it is scarcely possible for the Government to carry on the business of the country under existing circumstances, as their financial policy is based upon the passing of this measure, and as a point of honour, if not of necessity, they ' are ' committed to its success. We shall, take an opportunity of commenting' on the report shortly; but we shall not be able to form a final opinion, on the subject until we have-been able to examine the evidence taken. Crvni Service Bill.-— A3 the House wa3 rising .yesterday afternoon, the Treasurer in timated that the Civil Servica Bill, which was down as the fourth Order of the Day, would come on as the first business to-day. ' The Territory to the West.— The Sydney Morning Herald of the 19th Octobertgives its opinion that the strip of country to the west is as much a part of New South Wattes as Port Jackson is, and Suggests that the Imperial Parliament should pass an Act enabling Her Majesty to. grant the annexation of the terri tory in question, after which the Governments of South Australia and New South Wales should proceed to treat as to the terms of the transfer and annexation. The same journal further states— 'We onght at once to meet with a firm negative any attempt to take from us our territory without compensation, or to interfere with the security of the public cre ditor, unless with the same formalities as are required by any other change in our Constitu tion.' The same journal refers to our proposal to examine the Grey and Barrier Ranges, and points out that it will be necessary, should a gold- field be discovered, for the New South Wales Government to keep a sharp look- out for the licence-feoa and the export duties. Barrier Bakoes. — We are informed that a party privately equipped set off some days Bince on an exploring expedition to the Barrier Ranges. On the subject of the favourable character of the locality a correspondent signing himself 'Bartholomew Goglin' states that he has found specks of pure gold on the surface of the ground to the ' east end of the Barrier Ranges.' Christian Uniox. — The following memorial to the Bishop, affirming the great principles of Christian Union, without pledging the memorialists to any specific action in relation to them, is now in process of signature among the members of the Church of England : — 'To the Bight Reverend Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. ' We the onduraijrned, members of the United Church of England and Ireland, cordially attached to her doc truies/^itoal, and polity, and venerating her as an honoured branch of the Universal Church of Christ, believe, nevertheless, that other ecclesiastical associa tions, national and otherwise, adhering to the same doctrines though differing in their forms of worship aad government, are also essential integral portions of the same Evangelical Catholic Church. ' We believe, moreover, th?t as members of this one Church, in union with the same Divine Head, partaking of the same grace, rejoicing iu the same glorious hopes, it is incumbent upon all to love aa brethren, and though as jet unable to see ere to eye on matters non-essential, to exercise meanwhile mutual forbearance, to hold -&e; faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life, and to einuUte each other in works of charity, and in strenuous efforts for the world's evan gelization and the Church's purity. ' Entertaining such sentiments, we have hailed with cordial satisfaction your Lordship'* recent letter to a dlstln/uiihed minister of another Church on the subject of Christian Union ; not indeed tb*t we, any more than your Lordship, can reasonably indulge im the hope of such general organization of the Churches as you have there sketched being speedily if indeed ever realized, but because of the truly catholic Christian spirit thai per vades it, And of the readiness it evinces on your part to recognise, in the accredited ministers of other denomina tions, fellow-labourers in the Gospel of Christ, wiled and set apart to the work it may be hoped by the Holy Ghost, though not through the channel of an Apostolic Episcopate— thereby showing that like many of the brightest ornaments of the Reformed Anglican Church, your Lordvhip wisely distiuKuibh.-s* bitweeu what is essential to trie bt'mg, or existence, of a Church, and what to its vteU'leUg— what is uecemry to the validity of ministerial orders— and what to their entirety, or completeness. ' while, therefore, folly appreciating, and to a great extent sympathizing in. your Lor Chip's kindly efforts to bring about, if poaalble, a closer fellowship of the Churches— so realizing more fully their essential oneness —we earnestly hope and piay that these may be re ceived iu the spirit which dictated then, and that, at least, nothing may be permitted to arise, through misappre haiuion or otherwise, either from within or from with out the pale of our communion, to frustrate your Lord ship's laudable and truly Christian intentions. ' With every sentiment of rapsct, we beje to subscribe ourselves, your Lordship's obedient, faithful servants.' Lady Boxwab Ltttox. — A recent number of the London Observer contained the follow ing letter from Mr. Robert Lytton, tha son of Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton and Lady Lytton, which will inform the public of the real state of affairs that have come before them rather obscurely, but which are now entirely cleared up, and, it is hoped, happily ended. Mr. Lytton'i letter, and his conduct throughout this painful matter, reflect the highest credit upon his judgment and feeling. Lady Lytton is with her son and her female friend and relative, and is perfectly satisfied with all tho arrangement! that have been made :— 'Sir— As the son of Lady Bulwer Lytton, with the best right to speak on her behalf, aai so obviously with the best means of information us to warrant the hope that my simple assertion will be at once believe! in the matter to which 1 am compelled to refer, I beg to say that the statements which have appeared in some of the pub 1c journals are exaggerated and distorted, and that they are calculated to convey to the public mind Impressions the moat erroneous aui unjust. A* was natural, I put myself iu constant communication with my mother, and with the gentteuiau with whose family, iu his private house, she was placed (for I beg distinctly to state she watt never for a moment taken to a lunatic asylum), and carried out the injunc tions of my' father, who confided to ins implicitly every arrangement which my affection could suggest, and en. joined mp to avail myself of tha advU* of Lord Shaftes bury in whatever via judged be *t and kindest to Lady Lytton. My mother is now with me, tree from ail restraint,' and about, at her own wish, to travel for a short time in company with myself and ? female friend and relative of her. own selection. From the moment my father felt compelled to authorize thoso steps which have been made the sub ject of so mucb mwrepreaenUtiou, hit) anxiety was t* obtain the opinion of the most experienced and able physicians, In order that my mother should pot be sub ject to restraint for ona moment longer than was strictly justifiable. Such was hU cliirgj to me. The certificates given by Dr. Forbes Wiaslow and Dr. Conolly are -subjoined; and I ought to add that Dr. Conolly was the physician whom my father had requested to seo Lady Lytton; that Dr. Forbes Win slow was consulted by my anther's legal advisera; and I felt aniiom to obtain the additional authority of the opinion of the latter gentleman, and requested my friend Mr. Edwin James to placo himself In communi cation with him. I trust that such journals as have given publicity to partial and inaccurate statements will do me the justice to publish tliia communication, to which I need add no more than to say that this painful matter has been arranged, as it ought to be, by the members of the family whom it exclusively regards. J have, Sir. &c; , ' RODEBT. B. LrrrOJf. « 1 Park-lane, July 17, 1858.' 