A SPELL OFF. A week suffices to exhaust Melbourne ( its attractions to the ordinary sight- seer- an this indicates the feet that, notwithstan'din its many wonderful attributes, the city h i bat a radimentary state as yet. The Uni versity, Museum and grounds, nie Publi Library, the Houses of Parliament, and th Botanical Gardens, comprise themain sigùt! saving and excepting tile streets themselve Professor Suhier has a collection of tra figures and casts of heads, consisting of mm derers, and some historical celebrities rathe drolly, and, I fear, rather unflatteringly rep« seated. Some of the attitudes and exprès sions were intensely ludicrous, not to sa ridiculous; but as* Christopher Sly is to b moulded in wax, incorporated by the Profe sor in bia collection, and publicly exkibita as a terror to evil doers of the genus critic, will be valorously discreet and say no mor about tiiis exhibition. In the Arcade, one the great place of evening resort, but now : most deplorable "duffer," a very mínate and, I am informed, accurate model of th city of Dublin is on view. A disconsolate looking Jew, who looks as if he behaved him self a captive at Babylon the impecunious and therefore not able to sing the songs o Zion the commercially prosperous, is on vier there also daily; as well as some half-dozs pathetic young ladies, who seem to be pininj away in melancholy efforts to attract th wandering, seldom coming promenader, t< the countless host of dolls, pictures, trinket* and toys, that he about in undisturbed pro fusion. Great Bourke Street in general, ant the Cafe de Paris in particular, are now thi places where the swells of Melbourne mosl do congregate ^îere they may be seen in nú bloom from 8 p.m. till midnight. The " Kew market,"thewhitehat, the attenuated walkbii stick, the "mild Havannah," and the shirt col lax, brusque but immaculately orthodox in it awfully starched periphery, all are there nightly ami every night, according to tin statutes of S tvelldoin is that ease uiude »nd provided. Alas that the rigid exigencies o trutti demand it, but it is incumbent opoi me to 6:iy that in the mutter of thc " tile there appears to he a laruentabl-! fpirii ol danger, us latitudinariauism extant among the ** genta" of Melbourne. Tra» it ie tim the abominations ff the "Ko«utb," il" " wi«io awake," or the plain and snobbish caji are not indulged in ; but it is itnnossililf tu conceal the f.tct that the practice is not quite Sound in respect of uniformity <>f culor »nil and shape of the hat urthodoi. nor in latitude of the inevitable crape bm<l therel" in all proper cases duly attached. 1 only ihus regretfully allude to th-se sign-* rf degeneracy ordisorgaiiiziiion,in the hope that hy a claus.- in the reform bill ri»* bcfoi« the Legislative Assembly, or by a general convocation of swells and hatters, the evil may be checked, and promptly and effectually checked, in its incipiency. Of the Cafe dc Paris, its midnight grilled chops and steaks, and subséquent nightmares, its delicious coffee, and splendid apartments, it is enough to say they are all very notable evidences ol Melbourne civilization. The Buffet, another Coffee House, but of less note, is also a sign of civic advancement, and bfjastsacupol incomparable coffee. In my eraiing stxot strolls generally, and to the opera (execrable Fra Diacolo though it was) always, I was accompanied by one of the members of toe Ballarat Mining Board. Lctnotthebcbevere in that respectable body take alarm at sad) » conjunction, for I liave reason to believer wholly unpremeditated. True, when, as i sat at Tankard's evening table, and, looKin« up, espied the gentleman in question through the glass entrance door, appa rently just arrived from Ballarat ana a perusal of my recent adieus, my trembled within me. Was it a f» or a veritable corporeal presence f it was thc Nemesis of tho Hoard come " retribution upon me for my sins I eo«w doubt. But had lie come in his own prop? form, or was it a ghostly presentment, v sions of Johnson ond Wesley, and »^ue"f bach, and Swedenborg, and all *ua "°8, d later spiritualists, an i all the ghosts «KS » seen or believed iii crossed my b«m «< moment, and I began to fancy the "PP?"? which waa nodding at me through the*"" door, was a more odyllte semblance, » substantial, though heaven forfend it eu?» ever be an incandescent outline or tera em of tho very tangible and not »»P01^,){. member of the Ballara«. Mi..»« ^'^d, The painful suspense was eocm K n however, for a hearty shake lands, an-i nw a hearty laugh, and many a goo«?J together afterwards, certified to rms viihor wa* bot!, human and j' agreed. But I nm dmM^ *J Board friend into a C«»ier J dij. iience than perhaps he may T ^ posed to thank mc for, an'» jcll go on ll. reforo with «J ^/"^ your must now rapidly close lest i Y^Jeat to readers with my gossip. \vcu> be the Botanical Gardens on the Be fore I left Melbourne <» my.£*X ceneral lurat, and was delighted ***j£jfocb look of nearness and trim jet luxuro^ the of shrubs and flowers Before^"g^e gardens from the bill beyond P«nce I took a fill of the 'the city There was a noùceable groju» but which forms the centre of the picrer* í^prald HUI and Sandridge were The most ^aadaavdtía to me» loog ltoent as » were, ttudually jmracpaching to.a fon of the landscape, ^ W.-ML. Anding Yarra^fiif its hangn^ wfflowi ¿re shrubs, and" the; new bridgy are as jetable -elèài« Wtt4fcw^pkáwí»Wi^ ^they ¿rt welcome and useful In fc'me^fMtttifeal w utili-arian sense." Entering th« gardens Yroni the south-west ga^:^d prooeeffing siward one eomes^ui a tónáerva*ory fenélóE jng among c<thet+tfl©c¿, a fiñebahana, artd a hlSntsin that has not room to expand iteelf {" Facing this part of thé gárdea'frbffl the purl, i- thr-hoiise-rf;Dr:M<ttilèrr«''JtltÔB further oa are four enclosures hf lira Like sid, , and in them «feetnus, dner, kangaroos, ninikies go its, (angora), ¿ranea, hawks «n-i: durn. Karther on,-where the little çully rar.« down from the' park; io* trié lake, is an sfiary, about whose enclosed Shrubs numbera of canaries, linnets and one blackbird,' weie bopping and singing right merrily. On the oppr-r part of tho ' Blope near the residence of Ol Anderson, are the rotunda in which the military band assembles on «tated ocasiona LO aid to the attractions of the place, and anoilur and larger conservatory, as ¡yet but fiaiti illy supplied with plants and flown*. The walks arc well kept and the sides drained by gutters of fire brick, lea ling to tiles that carry .off the waters under ground to the lake, or to the tanks of the old nursery and 'Conservatory in .the centre of the east gide of the garden. Everywhere flowers are blossoming, and shrubs and trees putting on their bright green tresses ander the in fluence of tlie warm spring time and the rains of the previous day. Fine young vigorous , hu«, that handsomest of all trees, oaks, «iringas in blossom, pines, gums, wattles, and a host of elirubs whose names I em ignorant of, meet the eye at every tara. But the flowers exercised a more potent spell upon me. Their familiar faces and delicious aroma fairly took ms captive, and I began to grow e» soft end sentimental that I waa positively in dread of being looked at by the hard tech, iiico-seientific eyes of Dr Mueller, and ? being captured by hun as a strange unclassifiable bipedal -mollusk instead of an ordinary speci men of the ' clasa mammalia, genus AojnOj&c;" Fortunately for me the hour was morning, and the Melbourne Eves invisible j in thc garden, only a few rusty old bachelors like utyicif being ss yet present io this pretty little Melbourne Eden.. I say, fortunately, for under the "softening down" influence n J?i rt eil to, every girl would have become a D.iphne or a Phillis probably, and I insanely demonstrative in admiration and poetry, liue, this might not have happened-but w ho i t>e t<K> happy lo have escaped teunp uii'jii t i display that would, or should, in eviub'.v conduit to strait wais coats and Dr Bu«ie. IloWrVL-r, there was a milder, and I aiub-U tu ¿ny, abutter kind of sentiment pc knit wlii<\--h found vent in (he following çU'itatioo, with which I will close this ??spill" ano my visit to the garden : ?? Fiiiw-rs «re thu bright remembrancees i f youth ; Tir y ? ring us beck, with their Maul i,l .,oiU>li:.Mtli, I'M. joyous hours that only young hearts U-.IK, Eic w ? h ;ve h amt that this ftir earth hid- 3 graws. Ta-y b ing the tai e that's mouldering in the <iu>t Again before us, ducked wiih health's own rose : They brin;; the voices we shall hear no more, Wlu.se tones trere sweetest music in our mß-, '? ot thc hopes that faded, one by one, VCASP^ht was left to light our path, but Mik That we too, like the flowers, would rise again To hf ; but not like them, again e'er fade or di? 