THE OVERLAND ROUTE. No. V. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) It was dark when we got to Suez. The landing-place was lighted by Arabs with burning wood, flaming brightly on little cres- sets on the tops of staves. We ran round to the hotel, situated close to the pier, nearly stumbling as we ran over what were appa- rently heaps of sand, but - " Bless me, they are camels!" for the first of the party informed us that these silent, motionless objects were indeed not altogether inanimate lumps. They were the camels waiting to convey the mails and luggage to the first station of the railway, distant about 20 miles in the desert, and, lying peacefully here, were as quiet as if they were really heaps of earth. The hotel is very large, well built of stone, and generally convenient. It has been erected by the Pacha, for the benefit of passengers and is rented to the present landlord. We got a good tea in a large saloon, selected our bedrooms, and then took a turn through the town. The tragedy of Jeddah was then only in preparation, and we, handful of unbe- lievers, considered ourselves quite safe in streets and bazaars crowded with the bigoted Mussulman. The loading of the camels was a very wild, peculiar, and interesting sight. It took place in a large enclosure close by the wharf, and brilliantly lighted all round by the means I have already described. The camels are much larger and finer animals than those we saw at Aden. Each one carries a load of from 10 cwt. to 12 cwt, The drivers force them to lie down, and then tie a rope round the bent knee, to prevent them from rising till the load is adjusted; for, although a patient animal, the camel seems to receive his loading under protest ; and as it is put on, and still more as he rises with it, he roars, and moans, and groans, in a very distressing way, and as if being subjected to severe suf- fering. As five or six were loaded, they were formed into line, a man led the foremost, and away they trooped off, with their silent, ghost-like shuffle, into the out- side darkness. One of them while receiving his load rose suddenly, scattering boxes and bags on all sides, when a man in authority rushed forward, in a state of the greatest anger, and unmercifully belabored, not the camel, but the driver - an intimation that we were under despotic rule, indeed. It was with rather disagreeable misgivings we saw our several properties sent off into the desert in this wild fashion : for we were never to see them again till we reached the steamer at Alexandria ; and, while deprived of all power of control over them ourselves, we re- ceived the cool intimation of the company in their printed regulations, that they were in no way responsible. I may as well state here, however, that on board the steamer at Alexandria everything was found in safety, and that the baggage was in much better order than the inspection of the process of camel-loading in the dark would at all have led us to expect. The only thing missing was the cordage with which the packages were secured, and for which some of the parties employed in the transit service seem to have an insatiable appetite. Such of us as had indulged in this particular vanity were proportionately indignant ; but I confess that I did not much share in the [LINE MISSING could not help fancying that the cord- age had been eaten by the camels, as so high-dried a fodder seemed peculiarly adapted for that very high-dried animal ; partly be- cause, not having had any cordage of my own, I had been rather envious of my fellow-pas- sengers at Suez, in respect of their more ample endowments in that way. We walked through some of the very narrow bazaars, sat down in a smoking-room, and had a cup of coffee selon les règles, con- tributed a sixpence to the support of a vener- able old gentleman who was edifying the people in the room by reading the Koran aloud, and stumbled our way back to the hotel, amongst crowds of people lying under the walls of the houses, who we heard were pilgrims bound for Mecca. In the morning we were all aroused by candle-light to take car for the first station in the desert. The cars are little wooden boxes, with springs not of the first order. Each car is drawn by a pair of mules at the wheels, and a pair of horses leading, driven by a man on the box, and our whole cavalcade was accompanied by a gentleman on horseback who galloped about in all directions- flogging a jibbing horse here, swearing at a lazy driver there, and making himself generally useful in a very noisy and bustling way. As we filled about 20 cars, and we all rattled out into the desert together, we made rather a commotion in a neighborhood usually pretty quiet. In a few minutes we were in the open desert, with a desolate scene all around us, relieved only at intervals of six or eight miles by the places where they changed horses, or by an occasional line of camels plodding slowly along, exactly as you see them in pic- tures of the East. The desert is ordinarily very stony, the sand itself being drifted into heaps some- times approaching the size of considerable hills; and over these stones the car-drivers jolt one most unmercifully. The tops of the cars are rather low, and as we cantered rapidly over the stones, we were jerked with such violence against the top, that I really thought I should have got my neck broken, and was very glad indeed when we arrived at our journey's end, at the present terminus of the railway, about 20 miles from Suez. Keeping all together (and having drawn lots for precedence as to starting and changing horses we were not allowed to separate), it was very dusty, and the heat was intense ; but in other respects we had no reason to complain. At the station we were provided with a very comfortable breakfast, at the expense of the company, and, what was even more refresh- ing, the materials for a good wash ; and soon After we were all hurried into the railway train, and started off for Grand Cairo. Railways are all pretty much alike, and there are but few material points of difference be- tween an Egyptian railway and an English one We travelled at a pretty good rate, arriving at Cairo about 3 in the afternoon ; the distance travelled from the first station being about 80 miles. The desert retained all its dreari- ness till within a mile or two of Cairo itself, when the country suddenly became very fer- tile ; fine gardens and well-grown trees pre- sented themselves on all sides, and the whole scene underwent an entire change. In the desert we scarcely saw a sign of life, either animal or vegetable. A little stunted herbage, growing in tufts, presented itself here and there, and amongst this we once or twice started a little antelope or two. which bounded away into the distance, looking very like the ordinary town goat; and now and then a small scrubby bush would be seen growing alongside the line. Generally everything was distressingly bare and arid, the plains occa- sionally presenting the bones of a dead camel, and a vulture now and then soaring against the distant horizon. On arrival in Cairo we learned, to our great dismay, that we were ordered on to Alex- andrla that afternoon ; the lamentable delays in the first part of our voyage necessitating an almost equally lamentable hurry through this interesting country. In fact, we now began to feel that Her Majesty's mails were really moving along as they ought to do, and that passengers were regarded in their proper light along a mall line, as an accident, not a principal consideration. It was rather a morti- fying thing, however, to be within sight of the pyramids, to see the Sun gleaming brightly on their summits at the distance of six or eight miles, and yet to be able to get no nearer; to glance hastily out from the station on to the busy streets of Cairo, and to see no more. There was no help for it, though we felt that it was right that there shonld be all this haste, and we submitted with the best grace we could. On, on again, therefore, till long after dark, for Alexandria was 120 miles off, and it was four when we started. During the whole evening we travelled through a very bare country, generally con- stating of rich dark soil, thickly inhabited. There were no fences between the fields, and the crops seemed to have been recently re- moved ; at all events none were growing, and threshing was actively going on in the old original style, with a man sitting in a sort of large armchair placed upon a heavy sledge, and drawn by a pair of oxen going round and round a large circle, over which the straw was strewn. The towns appeared at intervals of a few miles-strange huddled-looking collec- tions of unburnt brick, making them look like brick-fields or potteries of some kind. The fields swarmed with camels, buffaloes, and other outlandish-looking animals, and with men and women of equally extraordi- nary appearance : the latter usually covered up, so that only tho eyes were visible. We crossed the far-famed Nile about 50 miles from Cairo, at which point it is at this season a little insignificant stream, not bigger than the Yarra at Melbourne. We crossed it again after dark at a point at which they had, fortunately, toppled over a few of their gran- dees a day or two previous, so that they took us safely over in a steamer, and put us in an- other train at the other side. We reached Alexandria about 11, very tired with our day's work, as we had been at it ever since 4 in the morning. How our ladies with large families managed to get through the bustle and confusion, the heat and worry, of this day, I cannot conceive ; but I confess that I pitied them from the very bottom of my heart. The scuffle in the refreshment-rooms, and at the change of trains at the second crossing of the Nile, was enough to have driven any ordinary woman of sound family instincts out of her seven senses. And yet they bore up against it wonderfully ; and the lady most tried amongst them, the mother of seven children, varying from 12 years to 2 months, all but two of whom had bean ter- ribly afflicted on board with the complaint have described, with a sick husband and only one domestic, told me afterwards in Southampton that she thought nothing of what she had undergone, and that she would start on the overland trip again the next day without hesitation. Certainly if ever there were a lady who deserved the title so frequently bestowed by fast young gentlemen / upon persons pd abiundant spirits-that of a /"brick" I mean-it was this courageous little woman. Alexandria is a nasty place, lying low and flat, aboundiug with disagreeable smells, and subject to attacks of the plague. We got quarters in a comfortable hotel, of which there is no scarcity ; and being ordered on board the Cambria at 9 the following morn- ing, we were up betimes to see such of the lions as an hour or two of early day would admit of. These consisted of little more than Pompey's Pillar, Cleopatra's Needle, and the English and French Consuls, to whom such of us as intended going through France had to apply for passports, Pompey's Pillar is an immense shaft of granite of very respectable antiquity, and showing some of the signs of the wear and tear of ages. It has been further disfigured by some heathen, who has scrawled his plebeian patronymio of " Button " in gigautio letters of red paint upon the base leading to a disagreeable jumble in the mind between the ancient hero and the modern snob. The disfigurement, as a type of the modern blackguardisms, was productive of one pleasant sensation, too, for one turned away from Pompey's Pillar with a thorough conviction for once pervading one's mind that one really had " a soul above Button's.'' Cleopatra's Needle is a more elegantly formed pillar, with hieroglyphics very plainly carved upon its four sides. A second pillar, of similar character and dimensions, has fallen pros- trate, and is buried with dust and rubbish. I have an impression that it has been presented to Great Britain, but that we have never mus- tered courage to undertake the task of fetch- ing it away. I am not quite sure, however, whether this is the pillar of which I have heard. On board the Cambria we were delighted, as I have stated before, to find our luggage in much better condition than we had at all ex- pected after its camel conveyance through the desert.But as these letters are intended as a series of hints to one and all as to facili- tating intercourse between the very ends of the earth, I would here remark that it ap- peared to me strongly on this occasion, as on many others, that the British mechanic had never quite done justice to his proverbial ingenuity in the matter of fastenings to pas- sengers' luggage. The wear and tear and incessant violent strains upon the lock of a portmanteau or carpet bag almost always put it out of order before the thing itself is worn out, and as one travels into places where an unlockable portmanteau is a great nuisance, I think this department of manufacture will admit of improvement. We found the Cambria a much smaller vessel than the Victoria, and we had to stow pretty closely ; but from the very first step on board we perceived every indication of the controlling presence of a master-mind. Everything was in tho most perfect order, and admirable discipline presented itself from one end of the ship to the other. The officers, stewards, &c;, were attentive and re- spectful, the victualling was first-rate, no drunkenness was ever seen on board, and everything was comfortable and satis- factory. This ship was one of the cele- brated Cunard line, and had been tem- porarily chartered by the recently deceased Australian Company. But the Cunard people are so tenacious of their character for comfort and accommodation, that in charter- ing their vessels they stipulate for provision- ing them themselves, and the consequence is that everything is good and well attended to, and during the few pleasant days we spent on board this vessel between Alexandria and Malta, not only was no complaint ever heard, but the passengers were in a sort of perpetual ectacy of satisfaction and self-gratulation ; and upon tho arrival of the vessel in South- ampton, an address was presented to the Cap- tain of so flattering a character, as to himself, his officers, his ship, and everything about him, that the worthy man blushed the deepest mulberry at the warmth of the eulogia. There is some doubt as to whether Cunards will tender for the Australian mail contract now shortly to be entered into, but depend upon it if they do, and succeed in getting it, it will be soon one of the most satisfactorily admi- nistered services in the world ; and we shall have facilities afforded for transit be- tween England and Australia which will set your whole population agog for the overland trip; and Ceylon, Aden, Egypt, Malta, and Marseilles, will be " familiar in our mouths as household words." From this time forward everything went as well as could be wished. We skimmed along the smooth waters of the Mediter- ranean at the rate of ten to eleven knots. We had no foul weather or other contretemps of any sort. On the afternoon of the third day from Alexandria we came in sight of the island of Malta, and soon after steamed in under its tremendous ranges of fortifications, and came to anchor in the harbor. Here a very smart little vessel, the Wye, was waiting to convey the Marseilles portion of the mail and passengers to that port; and, after an hour's scamper up and down the steep streets of Valetta, and a hurried visit to an armoury of the old knights of Jerusalem, and to the very beautiful and interesting old church of St. John, we were ordered on board our new vessel, preparatory to a start. A delay of an hour occurred, as we received notice to wait for an Indian mail then coming into port ; and meantime we found ample amusement in watching Maltese life in the harbor, and in observing the feats of a parcel of capital swimmers, who swarmed round the ship, with loud cries of " Good gentlemen, please throw money for dive." Throwing a threepenny bit as far as one could, so as to give it a fair start, these active fellows invariably caught it before it got beyond their reach. When I first heard of this I thought it impossible, as I fancied that the money would sink too rapidly ; but the fact is, it does not sink edgeways, but flickers backward and forward on its flat surface, so as to descend rather slowly. As our small change became short, they began to give us better value for our money, and dived right under the ship for the threepenny bit ; and as even this began to pall upon the appetite, two of them jumped together, one on the shoulders of the other, and came up on the other side at the same low rate. The appearance of the men gliding upwards through the clear blue water from so great a depth was peculiar enough, and I did not regret my expenditure "for dive." The Maltese are something like the Por- tuguese - with bright black eyes, and rather broad faces and high cheek-bones. The eyes of the children struck me as particularly fine and expressive. The island is mainly a barren rock, although the shops seemed well provided with flowers and fruits, and both people and cattle looked well fed. The streets of Valetta running towards the great ridge along which the town is built are the steepest that can be conceived, discarding all pretence of a smooth surface, and adopting, instead, the unadulte- rated stair. Everywhere about you find so many reminiscences of the old knights of Jerusalem, by whom the, island was misnamed, that I felt rather ashamed of knowing so little about them. They seem to have been a fine martial set of old fellows, very brave and determined, and acting with great precision up to a particular code of their own, in which, perhaps, like that of our modern soldiers, simple bravery was elevated into the highest heroism, and considered an ample set-off for whole crowds of ill qualities in other direc- tions. About 80 of our passengers came by Marseilles, those with families preferring to go round to Southampton, without further trouble of transhipment. Off Malta the Me- diterranean squadron, under Admiral Lyons, was cruising, and we watched the evolutions of the little fleet with much interest. Since leaving Aden, I have not spoken of the natural productions of the several coun- tries which present themselves to the sea- going traveller with an amount of interest little appreciated by the man who stays at home. At Suez we met dates, apricots, small and tasteless, and little, rather sour, apples ; at Cairo, peaches, small but very well-flavored apricots, and oranges; at Malta, oranges, cherries, and small early plums. It was near midsummer, be it remembered, and these things will, of course, vary with the season. We began from this time to notice that it was near midsummer by the remarkably rapid lengthening of the days as we went to the nortb. The sun had set about six when we left Australia. It set at the same time all the way to Ceylon, and along the line, and it was only as we made northing to Suez and across Egypt that we began to notice the change but as it was light in England till past nine, we added six hours to the length of the day within an interval of nine days. The Wye is a well-appointed little boat, very fast and pleasant in smooth water, al- though she is of that ''lively" disposition which I suspect would induce her to kick about a good deal on rather small provocation. However, she treated us well enough. Once more we glided over the placid waters of the Mediterranean, running down the southern coast of Sicily, passing between Corsica and Sardinia, and seeing in the distance the birth- place of the elder Napoleon. We steamed into Marseilles harbor on the morning of the 14th June, about a fortnight behind our time, indeed, but very well pleased with the latter part of our voyage. And here, considering the length to which these letters have extended, I feel inclined to stop. Yet is the passage through France so interesting a portion of the overland route, that the description I have endeavored to give would not be complete without allusion to it, and I will therefore trespass on your patience with one more letter. 