M1ISCELLAJIYO US. ?I.arrs or PnIOPIERTY OF 'MAlRIED "a O ate...-I must yet give you some informna tion about the rights of property in married women. Both real and personal estate may be settled ul.on a married womun for her separate nse, so as wholly to exclude any right of the husband, and such a iprovisio generally enables the .woman, although married, to dispose of it by alienation; but this may he, and frequently is, guarded against by en express clause ngainst anticipa tion, which, during the marriage, etrectaally prevents any alienation of the find. A wif? having a separate estate cannot be compelled to contribute to the family wants, or to main tain her children. Although t married wo man with her husband can convoy or transfer all her.interests in real property, yet noither she nor. her husband can deprive her of any interest provided for her out of mere personal ostate-funded property for .example-to take effect on her husband's death. So that if you provide a portion for your daughter on ;her marriage, and settle it on the husband for life, andt then on your daughter for life, and then. to the children, you may. feel assured that 3our daughter will benefit: by your bounty on her husband's death. Many at tempts have boon made in parliament to take away this security, and to enable the nhs bannd and wife to sell her life. interost; and so strip the woman of the provision' made for her. These attempts have hitherto been sue cosfiully resisted, but a partial measure has just been carried, providing that 'a woman may, by deed acknowledged in manner re quired by tlio act, with her husband's con currence, dispose of every future or rover sionary interest to which the woman, or her husband in her right, shall be entitled in any personal estate under any instrument inade after the 31st December, 1857, and relin quish or release arly power .she has, or her right or equity to a settlement out of any Iiersonal estate; but this power does not ex tend to any reversionary interest which shio is rostricted from alienating, nor does it enable her to dispose of any interest in personal estate settled ipon her by any settlement, or agreement for a settlement, made on the occasion of hpr marriage.--Lord St. Leo iard's Iland Book. A IIAUNTED FIOUs?.- Speaking ofghosts, I have heard that, some years ago, tliero was a lone house standing by itself, near a pilanta tion, not far from Guildford. This house no body would.ever take because it was haunted, and strange noises heard in it every night after dark; several tenants tried it but were frightened away by the noises; At last, one individual more courageous than the rest re solved to unravel the mystery. IHe accord ingly armed himself cap-a-pwi, and having int out the light, remained sentry in one of the rooms. Shortly, lie heard on the stairs, pit, pat; a ull stop, then pit, pat; a fill stop again. The noise was repeated several times, as though some creature, ghost or no ghost, was coming up stairs. At last tho thiing, whatever it was, came close to the door of the room where the sentry was placed and listening; his heart, too, chimed in with the the pit, pat, rather faster than it was wont to dlo.' Ie flung open the door-hurry slcurrr, bang; something went down stairs with a tremondous jump, antil all over the" bottoml of the houso tho greatest confusion, as of thou sands of demons rushing in all dtlirections was hIenid. This was onoe gh for one night. The next night our crafty sentry established him self on the first landing with a hetrp of straw nid a box of lucifer matcheos; soon all was quiet. Up the stairs again came' the pit pat, pit pat. When the noise was close to his ambush he scraiped his match, and' set fire to his straw, which blazed up like a bonfire in an instant; and what did he see? only a rabbit, who stood on his hind" lgs, as much astonished as was the sentry. Both nman and boast mutually inspected each` other, the biped hurled a sword at thie quadriped, who disappeared down stairs quicker than he canme up. This noise made was only the rabbit's fore and hind legs hitting the boards as he hopped froni dilo stair to the other. The ram4lits uhad got into the house from the neighbouring plantation, and had fiirly frightoned away, by their nocturnal ywander ings, the rightfull owners thereof.` The more courageous sentry was rewarded foi' his vigil, for lie held his tongue as to the cause of the ghost. IIo got the houseo at r educed rent, and several capital pies made of the ghost's bodies into thie bnrgain.-C?o riosities q' Na tural IHistory. 1y Firancis .2'. .Btcklanld, .11.uI. \VITOIICnAPT.-lAt W'estbr0ok, in the pariah of lucl-Wonloeck, in Shrdpslhire, there resided an old woma'n who had long enjoyed the reputation of supernatural power. She was supposed to possess "the evil eye," to exert influence over people's fortunes, to affect as she pleased their sheep or pigs, and to be en dowed generally with the attributes of a witch. She was not, however, a specimen of the oppressed or helpless class of witches, but was rather in a position to tyrunnise over the population around her. Though stricken in years-for she was between 60 and 70-she was exceedingly muscular and powerful; the exercise of her profession hiad.brongthliter in a little liioney, she had got a cottage and a bit of ground of her own upon a common near the town, and there, by the aid of her substantial property, her imputed poiver, and a most violent and outrageous tongue, she lived in something more than mere security. Her reputation, even apart from her alleged dealings with 'the Devil, was by no means good. She had lived,'it is not said as an awful wife, with a man named Evans,.who died in 1856\. After his decease she attracted to her cottage a certain' William Davies, weo, though not much more than half her ago, being only 85, seems to have been fiscinnated into the capacity of hler slave nnidparamour. More than once this relationship was brolcen by a sudden effort on the part of the mani,but as often was ho "drawn back" by the woman's, influence, and 'up to the 12th of September last he continued an inmate of her cottage on the common, digging. lier, bit of land, fetching and carrying according to her directions, and indulged, it is said, with-the prospect of some day or other becoming her husband. On the day in question 'she sent him into Wenlock to make some purchases, but the seductions of the town induced him to loiter there longer than lhe should have done, and to spend' upon 'liquor sanie'of the mioney with which he had heen intirusted for marketing. As ihe returned, he was met upon the road by the impatient and angry woman, who snatched the basket from his hand and cursed him in fierce and angry terms. lIe proceeded, however, to the cot tage with her, went in and partook of some tea with her; but the quarrel was not past, and at length, after more violence and abuse, she appears to havo ordered him out of the house. He is said to have asked for some article of apparel which he considered his own, and, upon being refused, to have gone up-stairs to fetch it. She followed him, a scultlu then ensued, and when, after an alarm given by i little boy who witnessed this part of the transaction, the neighbours ventured into the houise, they found tire witch lying deand on the floor of the bedroom, with some stabs in the neck, one of 'which had cut the carotid artery in two. For this violence I)avies has just been tried at the Shrewsbury assizes. The evidence produced on the trial left it beyond all. doubt that he was the per petrator; and as the jury declined to yield to the arguments put lieforo them for reducing the crime to manslaughter, he has been sen tenced to death. DEATH OF A PUGILIST. -- The once famous pugilist, "Bill Neat," did' a few days ago at his residence in Bristol, in the 70th year of his ago. In his fighting 'days, Neat was quite a Triton amongst "the fhncy? and he wore for a time the champion's bolt of England. " Old Bristolians," says a Bristol. paper, "will well remember the excitement which prevailed amongst many.classes when his name was up for 'a mill,' and the eagei noess with which thousands congregated on the turnpike roads to await the arrival of the coaches, and catch the earliest tidings of the result of the' fistic conflict.' The ' ~ut-side the- Gato boys,' as they were called, used to regard the honour of the city ds concerned in ' the shock of battle,' and their joy knew no bounds when they found that Bill had placed the gasman Hickman, Tom Oliver, or any other of his opponents;, ors do co2mbet. Neat withdrew from the ring in .the very prime of his manhood, and his retirement is attributed to the intercession of a benevolent lady, who finding that gold had more to do with the matter than glory, settled a pension upon him conditionally on his never again ontering the arena of personai conflict. Neat t?ns since discharged the duties of social lifo, and has demeaned himself as a thorouaghly good citizen. For years hlie carried on business as a butcher in the market, and was esteemed for his straightbfrward and tradesmanlike deal ings. Bill had a rough exterior, but those friends who know, him best give him credit for genuine kindheartedness, and for many of those virtues which give zest to the enjoy ment of the social circle." AN ADnvENTURn IN A RAILWAYCARRIAGE -After I had taken my seat one morning at Paddington in an empsty carriage, I was joined, just as the train was moving off, by a strange-loolking young man, with remarkably long flowing hair. Ile was of course a little hurried, but ho seemed besides to be so dis turbed and wild that I was quite alarmed for fear of his not lining right in his mind, nor did his subsequent conduct at all re-assure me. Our train was an express, and lie enquired eagerly, at once, which was the first station whereat we were advertised to stop. I con s lted my " Bradshaw" and furnished him with the required information-it was Read ing. The young man looked at his watch. " Madam," said he, " I have but half an lour between me and it may be my ruin. Excuse, therefore, my abruptness. You have, I per. ceive, a pair of scissors in your work bag. Oblige me if you please by cutting off my hair." " Sir," said I, " it is impossible." "M adam," ho urged, and a look of severo determination crossed his features, " I am a desperate man. Beware how you refuse me what I ask. COt my hair off-short, close to the roots, immediately, and here is a paper to hold the curls." I thought lihe was mail of course, and believing that it would be danger ous to thwart him, .I out off all the hair to the lock. "Now, madam," said he, unlocking a small portmanteau, "you Will oblige me by looking out of the window, as I am about to change my clothes." Of course, I looked out of the window for a very considerable time, and when he observed, " Madam, I need no longer to put you to any inconvenience," I did not recognise the young man in the least. Instead of his former rather gay costume, he was attired in black, and wore a grey wig and silver spectacles; he looked like a respectable divine of the Church of England, of about sixty- foui years of age; to complete that character heo hold a volume of sermons in his hand, At Reading the guard and a person in plain clothes looked into our carriage. "You have the ticket my love," said the young man, as though he were my father. " Never mind, sir, we dent want them" said the official, as he withdrew his companion. "Madam," observed my fellow traveller, as soon as the coast was cleared, "by your kind and courageous conduct you have saved my life, and perhaps your own." In another minute he was gone, and the train was in mo tion. Not till next morning did I learn by the Times newspaper that the gentleman on whom I had operated as hair-cutter, had com mitted a forgery to an enormous amnount in London a few hours before I met him, and that he had been tracked into an express train from Paddington, but that-although the telegraph had been put in motion and do scribed him accurately-at Reading, when the train was searched hle was nowhere to be found.-lHousehold Tlrords. SAVE TIIE DEAD LEAVES.-If every her ticulturalist would reflect for a moment on the nature of fallen leaves-which contain not only the vegetable ma-tter, but the earthy salts, lime, potash, &c.;, needed for next season's growth-and that, too, exactly in the proportion required by the very tree and plaint from which they fell; nay, moie, if they would consider that it is precisely in this way, by the decomposition of these very fallen leaves, that nature enriches the soil, year after year, in her great forests, it weld. scarcely be possible for a reflecting horticulturist to allow these leaves to be swept away by every wind that blows, and finally to be lost altogether. A wise horticulturist will diligently collect, from week to week, the leaves that fall under each tree, and by digging them iunder the soil about the roots, w?ero they will decay and enrich. the soil, provide. in the cheapest man'or the best posible Tfood for that tree. -Itorticultirist. 