SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. From the various journals published in the Southern Districts we glean as follows :— ILLAWARRA. There had been some good racing 011 Boxing Day, on the \5follongong course, for prizes respectively of 15,10, 7, and; 5 sovs. The harvest had been begun, under the tinost favourable auspices : and a very heavy JpT'duce per acre was expected, exceeding the yield for several years past. The works at Bellambi coal mines and in the harbour were being prosecuted with energy, and the quality of the coal was im proving as the mine was deepened. The Nora Creina steamer had made another trip from Wollongong io the Clyde River, whence she returned with a cargo of wool, hides, dairy produce, &c.; Whilst proceeding down the river a seaman named Murray, who was employed in throwing the b-ad, fell overboard, and was unfor tunately drowned. The ' Mercury'' of the 23th ult. says :— " Mr Peter Murphy, of Mount Keira, left at our office last week, several heads of wheat produced from Egyptian seed. The ears are remarkably heavy, and are distinguished ft om ordinary wheat by having from seven to nine short ears sprouting from the bottom of the large or principal ear. The grain is of fair size, and very plump and sound. The stem is not of great length, but is very strong. A sample 01 the wheat may be seen at our office." ULLADULLA. This locality was lately visited by a heavy thunderstorm, the lightning and thunder being excessive during three hours. It was said that one person bad been struck j by lightning, whilst some of his family had i had a narrow escape. Several trees were j rent, and others knocked down, by the lightning. The *' ghost" had merged into the form of a very large bird of a strange species, wiiich it seems takes a pleasure in screech ing sounds. It had been seen by different persons. BEGA, TWOFOLD BAY. The first annual races had come off on | the 15th and 16th ult., with a very fair result. The highest prize was XI5. | A petition to the Assembly, praying that J the district should be proclaimed within the settled limits, was being numerously signed, j A correspondent of the ' Mercury' says:— j "Nothing is wanted to constitute this one 1 of the most flourishing places in the colony | but more of the genus homo, and fewer I buiiocks and sheep." I GOULBURN. There had been considerable sensation respecting the resignation of Mr. Murray, which took the electors by surprise. The delicate state of Mrs. Murray's health was said to be the cause of this decision. Boxing Day, which was excessively hot, hud been celebrated by horse-racing and general festivities. A strict search for the body of Mr. Richter was still in progress, but as yet unsuccessfully. Several parties, including the chief constable, had subscribed £5 each towards the proper investigation of the cause of Mr. Richter's disappearance. A Goulburn journal says:—During the last thunder-storm, the following singular occurrence happened near Mr. CharL-s Mac donnell's house at Tarlo. Two large trees, each of them about 120 yards from toe pre mises, were struck with the fluid and split in pieces; later in the day, while Mr. and Mrs. Maedonnell were sitting in the house, 1 the electric current entered through the j door and passing out by the window struck i an apple tree about a hundred yards off. On going to the spot it was found that a limb had been severed from the trunk, and at the place where the lightning struck, an opossum was seen with its head hanging out, quite dead, and the hair about that part singed off as if by a strong fire. On Thursday, the 24th ult., at 3 p.m., the thermometer at Goulburn stood at 97'5 in the shade, with a hot westerly wind. A cold wind having set in, the mercury fell to 57 0 at 9 p.m.' BUNGONIA. Whilst a person named Thos. Maidment was employed in mowing he came across a number of branches, which he was pro- ceeding to remove when he discovered a black snake amongst them. He struck at the reptile with his scythe, but having missed it the snake sprung up, coiled itself round his arm, and bit him. A torniquet was applied, the part was scarified, and the man sucked the wound. Owing to these precautions, none of the usual systems of prostration appeared, and Maidment would soon be as well as ever. YASS. It appears that on the 1st Jan., 1857, there were, in the county of Geor 5730 horses, 19,648 cattle, 1743 pigs, and 55,831 sheep; in King, 5260 ^horses, 23,630 cattle, 1497 pigs, and 84,000 sheep• and in the Murrumbidgee district, 9000 horses, 225,000 cattle, 900 pigs, and 475,000 sheep. The Aurora Australis is reported to have been seen frequently of late, at Yass. Being in the southern hemisphere, it holds an antipodal position to that of the Aurora Borealis in the northern. A man named Baylis, whilst racing a horse against another, had been so severely injured by coming in contact with a tree as to die soon afterwards. The remains of a man had been found in the bush, about four miles from Junee station. Decomposition had nearly oblite rated the features, but from the dress it _.?necf to have belonged to a man who ^ne time previously left Junee in the ni<>ht, and was subsequently supposed to have lost himself and died from exhaus t.on. It was said that Welaregang Station, lately the property of Messrs. Hay and Chalmers, bad been sold, the price being X7 a head for the cattle, with horses and station given in, realising altogether about £23,000. QCEANBEYAN". On Christmas Day a jeweller named Cohen bad been stopped on the Stringybark Ringo, and robbed of jewellery, cheques, &a;, to the value of £2001), by three bush rangers. He was taken about half a mile fro/n the road, and tied to a tree, whence be subsequently escaped by cutting the rope with a knife which he had in his coat pocket. On leaving bim one of the robbers banded back a £1 note, but returned and took it away, with the observation that Mr. Cohen would not be so kind to them in court if himself and companions were taken. -As a Mr. Edwards, who was greatly re spited in the district, was returning from church on Christmas Day, his horse started off and brought Mr. E. in collision with the limb of a tree, which resulted in his im mediate death. ALBURY. The weather at Albury bad been exces sively hot. On Wednesday, 23rd ult., the thermometer stood at I0fc> deg. in the shade, and throughout Wednesday night at 100. ■The Hume Testimonial will be a pillar erected on a base of Albury granite, the tojial height being 15 feet 8 inches. MO REIGN BAT. Frojt late Moreton Bay papers we extract a summary of the most interesting intelli gence. Mr. P. Leslie, M.P., having sold both life stations of Goomburra and Glad field to thje Messrs. Tooth, for about £4-0,000 in the aggregate, has been severely taken to adcount by the Press, for deserting the cause of Separation by selling out and gding to England. jOu the 2!)th ult. the thermometer at Brisbane was as high as 105 degrees in tbe shade. A German employed at Breakfast Creek bad dropped dead, from a sun- stroke, and three other individuals were suffering from coimde soleil. ; At WeSPbfook, on the Downs, 200 sheep hjid been killed during a violent storm on a Sunday evening, by one stream of lightning. i News had been received from the Upper Dawson, stating that since the massacre of the Fraser family the blacks had committed np additional murders. Ten more police hjid arrived, and everything remained tranquil. I Mr. H. Kilner, of Ipswich, whilst having hjis garden on the eastern side of the Lime ; sfone Ridge dug up, came across a tusk of either the dioptrodon or the dinotberium; | it was quite perfect, and would be sent to j the Museum, j Rumours were current at Maryborough that a gold field had been discovered on the ifitz Roy River, and that gold in payable quantities bad been found at Teningering station, about 30 miles from Gayndah. j Tbe Waratah steamer, after leaving Maryborough with a full cargo of wool, had left behind in the store more wool than ; slhe could take in her two next trips. 