INSCELLANEO US. Two policemen of the Articlave Consta oulary station, near Coleraine, whilst in pur suit of an illicit still in the parish of Mngil ligan, were resisted by a man named Edward Mc Callion and his son. A conflict ensued, when the elder Mc Callion was stabbed to the heart by one of the policemen, and fell dead; his son also received a bayonet thrust. Me Oallion lhad been more than once fined for making illicit whiskey. A NEW DUTCH COLONY. --From the Hague a project of colonisation in New Guinea is announced. Tile Dutch have seen with jealous eye the encroachments of English trade at Labuan and Singapore, in the centre of their own Archipelago. An expedition will nail in April from the Molucca Islands to take fornmil possession of the south coast from the 141st degree (Greenwich) to the territory of the Sultan of Tidoro, on the north-west coast of New Guinea. In a trial at Gloucester of two women for robbing a man who trusted himself in their company, it appeared that one of the accused had sewed £70 in bank notes, part of the plunder, in the lining of a cloak; this valuable garment she pledged in London for two shil lings, making the pawnbroker her unconscious banker. The cloak was subsequently re deemed 1by the woman, under the surveillance of a policeman; and the prosecutor recovered the £70. Corin'th havin bee)n almost ldesatroyed hv the lato eartllhquake, the new city will be built on a different site. There are still some differences to settle between tho Prince of Montenegro and the Sultan, while the Austrinus keep pushing troops towards the frontier. The National Bank of Moldavia has sus pended payment. The Porte has refused to authorise the cutting of a canel through the Isthmus of Suez. The Dutch Custom-house officers at Rosen dael lately seized lace to the value of 1200 florins, which a female coming from Antwerp had concealed under her crinoline. LonRD LYTTELTON AND TIIE GHOST. Some years ago I. met on old gentleman at Ewell, in Surrey, near which is Pitt's-place, where his lordship died. He gave me the following naccount, which he had from a gentleman, who was in the house at the timne. This person was the organist of the neighbouring town, whose company was courted on account of his miusical talent, and who was a frequnet visitor to his Lordship. The story ordinarily told is this, -that he dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had neduced appeared to him, and pre dicted his death at twelve at night on the third day following. Mly informant's story differs only thus far, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother of the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart, in consequence of her daughter's dishonour. Lord Lyttelton was at this time in a very bad state of health, in con SequOenre of his excesses, and was sulhject to what my informant called "suffocating fits"-probably nervous hysteria. lo this as it mayi, it appears on the day of his death, the foretold third day, he had a party of friends at Pitt's-place, mrongrst whom was the or Sanist whence my informant had tho account. He says that Lyto.lton was in a state of some agitation, and had told the story of tile dream to his firiends. As the night wore on and midrigdhtappronched his nervousness increased paiflly ; and some of his visitors said, dLring his absLency, " Lyttelton will frighten himself into another fit with his foolish ghost story," and they determined to put a clock which stoold in the roomn forward, and when he returned to them they said, " Hurrah! Lyttelton, 12 o'clock is passed; you've joe keyed the irhost. Now the best thing is to go quietly to bed, and in the morning youl will be all right." He accordingly went up stair.s, and while some of his guests were putting" on their coats to depart, his valet Icame down to fetch something- it was said to get some mint water, which he was in the habit of taking, leaving his Lordshlip alone. At this period the clock of the parish church, which was not fir off, and which, of course, could not have been touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour. The valet proceeded up stairs, and shortly burst bforth into loud exclamations. The party ran up, and found his Lolrdship had ffilen dead. My inibrmant's impression was, that the sulden revulsion of f1eling from a state of fiancied security to finding himself at the mo ment in the very instant of the dreaded dan ger had caused such a reaction no to bring on the fits which carried him off. He, no doubtb, had heard the first stoke of the clock as well as others down stairs, and as each successive blow struck slowly upon the bell, the sense of danger and the remembrance of the dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a famne and so diseased a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. It is not improbable most ghost stories might he found to end in a similar natural solsution.-Notes and Queries. DEAT?H Y THE BURSTING OP A KITCHEN B3OLER.-A VOeng lady has been killed at Godlev, near HIyde, by the bursting of a boiler in a kitchen-range. The wife and throe daughters of IMr. Turner, a mannu factarer livine at that place, were sitting at breakfilst in t'e kitchen, and Miss Elizabeth, the second daghter, aged eighteen, had taken his breakfi·rst to her father, who, being out of health, was confined to his room over the kitchen, and was in the act ot seating herself at the tablle, when a terrible explosion occarred. The boiler behind the grate had birst, and a fitagment, which struck thie un fortcnate g'irl on the hback of the head, killed her instantly. Live coals, soot, and sclsding water, were stpurted upon everything in tlhe room, anti froom head to faot, except wvhere her clothing was thickest, her person was spotted as thlough she had been sobjectrd to a discharge of grlape shot. The other ladies were all thrown down and covered with soot. hM'rs. Turner wts soverelv burnt on the handa amnd broeasts; her eldest daughter was mostly iljered on the head and one foot; and the poor child's flee was covered with fire spots, a ,ma of them as largo as a shilling. The whole of the fire pluce was blown away, the wall of the house being knocked down, and a hole made, the size of which is quite twelve feet by ten feet. The oven was carried against the railings of a plantation at the back. The boiler was torn into more than a hundrvd fragments, and one triangular piece of iron, weighing about ten pounds, flew obliquely through the ceiling of the kitchen, cut in two the beam of the floor of the room above, and deposited itself in Mr. Turner's bedroom. This alarming accident appears to have arisen thus --The water lad been fiozen in the pipes. The hot air from the boiler, which had become red lhot by the nac tion of the fire, melted the ice in the pipes; the waterran down upon the red hot plates, and the explosion immediately ensued. A MUniUEon l'S BODY ON THE GI3DET. In the long narrow perspective of this valley, an indistinct object, elevated over the maze of brushwood, looking like somethingr of man's handiwork, came now in view. It looked like a cross of unusual height, but, on the whole of a strange appearance. As we came nearer, something like a body seemed at tnched to the cross; we spurred our horses, and in reality it proved to hbe a human body. It was an object quite in harmony with tihe scenery. On high, the half naked form of a man, tied firmly by the neck to a beam, hung suspended. The skin was that of a brown man, now glassy and transparent, like parch ment; the face hung down, hidden by a shock of black hair, coarse and bristly. A mouldy paper was attached to the foot of the beam, on which a few half-effaced words spoke of justice having overtaken the misdoer, guKilty of many murders, committed on the spot. This horrible object excited no wonder in us at the time: it seemed so in accordance with the place, to come upon the footsteps of the demon that haunted it, and of which we now contemplated its ghastly larva. No signs of corruption were perceptible. Was this owing to previous preparation, or the peculiar quality of the atmosphere, at some distance friom the ground ? But, strangest of all, no vulture had come to the feast; their ever-ready beaks had spared this soli tary monument of Mexican justice; or had even they felt a loathing at the poisonous flesh of the mnurderer?-Mitla: 2'accls in fexicai and Guatamela. By Yro~ Tempy. 1 WONDERFUL DISCOVERY IN PHOTO- GRAPHY. - There is something to record of photography which can hardly be described as otherwise than wonderful. It is a dis- covery made by that skilful pioneer of photo- graphic art, Niepee de St. Victor, some four or five months ago, and now that there is no room to doubt, we give an outline of it. Marvellous as it may appear, light can actually be bottled up for use. Take an engraving which has been kept for some days in the dark; expose it to full sunshine - that is, in- solate it - for fifteen minutes; lay it on sensi- tive paper in a dark place, and at the end of twenty-four hours it will have left an impres- sion of itself on the sensitive paper; the whites coming out as blacks. If insolated for a longer time, say an hour, till thoroughly saturated with sunlight, the image will ap- pear much more distinct. Thus there seems to be no limit to the reproduction of engrav- ings. Take a tin tube lined with white, let the sun shine into it for an hour, place it erect on sensitive paper, and it will give the impression of a ring, or reproduce the image of a small engraving and of a variety of ob- jects at pleasure - feathers, figured glass, porcelain, for example. Take, moreover, a sheet of paper, which has been thoroughly exposed to the sun, seal it up hermetically in a dark tube, and the paper will retain the light so effectually, that after two weeks, perhaps longer, it may be used for taking photograbphs. The Lord Chief Baron, Presi- dent of the Photographic Society, in his recent anniversary address to the members, might well say of these facts, that "hardly anything can be more extraordinary". A SCENe. IN A POLICE CouR"'. -We have been informed that an extraordinary scene occurred between the Police Megistrate, CJlonel Gray, and a gentleman who was in the court at Ipswichi, for the purpose of re porting the proceedings for the columns of the press. Thle particulars as they have been nsrrated to us are as fotbllows:--On Tuesday last the reporter was sitting in court, when Colonel Gray came in, and, on seeing him iunrediately got upon the bench and ordered him out of court. This was demurred to, and the magistrate was askled his reason for such extraordisary conduct. He replied that he had caricaturel the benbch, that it was his (Co:onel Gray's) court, and that he would not be bearded In it by him, that if the re porter would not leave the court hie would not sit upion the bench, which he said was re served for attorneys only. The reporter then isformed him that if his remaining on the bench (no other place being reserved for tie priess) inconvenienced professional gentlemen he was willing to take his notes e.sewhere; Colonel Gray then turned to the chief con stable and stated that as long as that man (meaning the reporter) remainedbhe would not sit upon the bench, and then retired to his private room. The reporter then left tlhe bench and sent for a chair which hle occupied, and took his notes which appear in our issue to-day. It seems that an anonymous pro duction, signed "Barnacles Minimus," in our Ipswich contemporary, has given great offence to Colonel Gray, and the supposition having entered his brain that the reporter was the writer of the obnoxious article, the colonel's heart overflowed with the gall and bitterness of offended vanity and insulted dignity.--lf. B. Ceourier. AN IMPORnTANT FACT FOR AnDVERTISEIIS. -At the Meeting of the Necropolis Com pany, a shareholder, in answer to another, who recommended the directors to reduce their advertising account, said hlie woald mention a fact in opposition to the proposi tion. He said that for many years M?. Rowland, of H.liatton Garden, the prolprietr of the Kalydor, had b.on in the practice of spending £10,000 a year in advertisements; but thinking he had arrived at that happy position when he could discontinue such On expenditure, hIe resolved to reduce it one half, but on looking at his receipts It thie end of the following yealr found such a differoence that he was glhd to go back to his old system and had continued it ever since. C?INEStE s EVIDENCE. - In the Police court, on Thursday, there occurred a rather remarkable instance of that incapacity of the Chinese to distinguish the features of Eu ropeans which has often been alleged to ex ist, and to have led to serious consequences. That it would lead to terrible consequences i' it does generally exist is obvious. All Chong, whose store in Urqubart-street every one has seen, complained of a man named Anderson and a lad named Millington. Ac cording to Ihis evidence, lie had been very inoffensive and seriously ill-used. Some chil dren threw stones at him, and he went to tell their parents, when he was attacked by the two defendants The lad twisted his arm, and the man struck him. The preliminary blowing out of the candle was effected with quite superfluous energy, and the narrative was illustrated by lively pantomine expres sive of the mode in which his arm was wrenched, and of the agonies it caused. In answer to Anderson, he iterated and re iterated his statement that there could be no doubt that Millington was the lad who mal-treated him. Ayoung lad, Buckley, bearing some distant resemblance to the younger defendant, was put into the box, and distinctly swore that he, and not defend ant, struck thie Chinaman, and that Milling ton was not there at all. Mary Anderson gave a similar account of the affair to Buck ley's, and stated that Ah Chong,R after knock ing her down with.n a blow on the head from a broom-lhndle, and kicking her, was seized by Buckley. Ah Choong was directed to compare the two lads, but persisted in his first statement. The case was dismissed as mistaken identity. Atistake.s of this kind may cost innocent men their liberties or lives. .-A.Mount Alexander iasil. A GRE?aT FACT.-" STOP MY PaPER." - A certain goentleman hit his toe against a pebble, and fell headlong to the ground. He eas vexed, and under the influence of anger and self-sulliciency he kicked old mother earth right saucily. With imperturbable gravity he looked to see the globe itself dis solve and come to nought. But the earth re mained, and only his poor foot was injured in the encounter. This is the way of man. An article in a newspaper touches him in a weak spot, and straightway he sends to stop his paper. With great self-complacency he looks to see a crash, when the object of his spleen shall cease to be ! Poor soul ! he has only hit his toe against a world that does not percep tibly feel the shock, and injures to no extent any one but himself. How TO Gnow LAnorE FRUIT.-It is stated by a correspondent of the Gardener's Gazutte who spe-ike from observation, and experience founded on a long series of trials, that all sorts of fruit can be raised one-third larger than they usually are, and their quali ties much improved, by simply supporting the fruit in the following manner:-" As soon as it is fully developed it should not be allowed to hang its weight upon its stalk, as the in creasing weight strains the stalk, and in that way lessens the quantity of nutritious fluid flowing to the fruit. This may be obviated in some cases by laying the pear, apple, or whatever it may be, upon a branch, and fixing it with a pieco of matting, to prevent it being moved by the wind; or by putting it into a small net made for the purpose, at the same time keeping the stalk in a horizontal position, when it can be done without twist ing or bending it, as the bending, either acci dentally or by the weight of the fruit, is, in my opinion, most inijuious to its growth, for the pores of the woody stalk are strained on the one side and compressed on the other; thence the vessels through which thie requisite nourishment flows being thus partially shut up, tile growth of the fruit is retarded in pro portion to thie strain and compression of the stalk. The fixing of thie fri'uit also prevents the risk of its falling off and getting damaged before it reacles maturity. I have grown tidalias upon the rame principle and with similar success; and I have no doubt that the most of flower blooms, especially those which are weighty and inclining, can he grown much larger by the system referred to, and in short, all sorts, of vegetables, trees, &e.;" FUTURE WIVES or0 ENOLAND.--My pretty little dears, you are no more fit for matrimony than a pullet is to look after a family of four teen chickens. The truth is, my dear girls, you want, generally speaking, more liberty and less fashionable restraint; more kitchen and less parlour; more leg exercise and less sofa; more making puddings and less piano; more frankness and less mock modesty; more breakfast and less bustle. I like the buxom, bright-eyed,rosy-cheeked,full-breasted,bounc ing lass, who can darn stockings, make her own fi'ckq, mend trousers, command a regi ment of pots, and shoot a wild duck as well as the Duchess of Marlbro' or the Queen of Spain; and be a lady withal in the drawing room. But as for your pining, molping, screwed-up, wasp waisted, putty-faced, music murdering, novel-devouring daughters of fas hion and idle-ness, with your consumption soled silk stockings, and calico shifts, you wont do for the future wives and mothers, of England.-Mrs. Ellis's Lectures. A. STALn THIEF.-When it was dark, and everybody had retired to his room, I sallied slyly, enveloped in scrape,with my sword un der it, and went to the stable of our horses. There it was rather dark; but the horses re cognised me, and I passed between them, and lay down underneath the manger. Forsome time no sound but the crunching of our horses at their corn was audible. After about an hour I saw a dark figure appearing at the en trance of the stable. A sly whistling, and other means, were used to assure the horses, which commenced to snort and stamp and tear their halters. Somehow, the person succeeded in quieting them, and he insinuated himself between them and the manger. Here he took off his serape, and commenced very complacently, scraping the corn together. I rose slowly, measured with a look the sweep of my sword, anti discharged a fiat stroke across hs shoulders, that made him boetnd upwards like a piece of Indian rubber. He yelled andt roared, El diabolo, are MIaria! the horses commenced kicking and pilunging, while I completed the goodt round dozten for the intrudler, who, rolling too near the hiitd feet of my scthimmtel, was sent flying into tihe courtyard by one of his kIicks. When I ran to see whether Ihe was badly injured, hIe had tlisappeared.-AMilta: 'sa'acelsin Mexico and G'uatenmale. FEMALE HnROIS.M IN INDIA. -TIhe Rev. hMr. Scudder, an American missionary in India, in a letter to tile Christain Intelligencer, gives the following instance of heroism :-" In one place, a lad3y and her husband fled in their carriage. He stood upright. She took the reins. She lashed the horses through a band of mutineers, while he, with cool aim shot dead one who seized the horses' heads, and another who climbed upon the carriage behind to cut him down. On they fled, till they again found themselves among foes, and a rope stretched across the road made further progress appear impossible. True to herself, she dashed the horses at fill speed against the rope, and as they, bearing it down, stumbled, she by rein and whip raised them, while her husband's weapons again freed them from those who suc ceeded in leaping upon them. He was wounded, blt both escaped with their lives. In another place, a young lady the daughter of an officer, shot seven mutineers before they killed her. A captain, pressed by his Sepoys, with his good sword slow twenty-six of them before he fell." A REMraRKABLE CASE.-At the M?asion House, London, on Friday. a singular- looking man, wearing a slight moustache, and dressed in a somewhat fashionably-cut corduroy shoot ing jacket and waistcoat, was placed at the bar upon the following charge:-The prisoner, who was stated to be named Banks of the firm of Banks and Co., of Wellesley-street, Euston-square. admitted that to be his name, although no direct evidence was given to prove who he was. It appeared that yester day afternoon a Mlr. Solomons, a dealer in Government stores, living in Hounsditch, in formed the police that a man whom he did not know, but who had been recommended by a Mr. Levy, had been offering him some carbines for sale, and had said that he would shortly be there again. The police conse quently waited, and shortly atterwards the prisoner came in a cab, bringing with him a quantity of carbines, some with bayonets and some without. Prisoner had no money to pay the cab, and borrowed 6s. of Mr. Solo mons for that purpose. The police-constable then came forward, and asked the prisoner how he became possessed of the property, and, his answer being unsatisfactory, they took him to the station. He said the goods bud been consigned to him, and that he was to have sold the carbines at Os. a-piece. Upon being asked for the invoice, he took one from his pocket, from which it appeared that the carbines had only been sent from Messrs. Keep Brothers', of Russell-street, Birming ham, upon the previous day, and were charged to the prisoner at 10s. eaoh, without bayonets. The officers upon this went to Wellesley street, Euston-square, where they found that a room was tenanted as offices by the prisoner, who carried on business under the title of Banks and Co., and had done so for about four months, but was upon of quitting. Upon the o~fficers searching the place, they found several provincial newspapers, and in them advertise ments issued from the firm of Banks and Co., and also numerous letters from people (several from young ladies), containing postage-stamps in payment for the special information and benefit promised in those advertisements. The firm, it appeared, catered for every want the human frame required. In fact, they were physicians, predestinarians, dealers in furniture, matrimonial agents, and general dealers. In matters apportaining to the phy sical infirmities of humanity, the firm had two different charges:-For six postage-stamps they professed in every case to whiten and beautify the hands, male or female, sweeten the breath, brighten the complexion and eyes, cure chapped hands and chilblains,stop decayed teeth, restore others to their pristine beauty, and fix falling hair. The fee of 12 stamps treated with more serious evils. Indigestion, constipation, scrofula, and other diseases too numerous to mention, were included in the. list of shilling· cures. Another advertisement, headed "Wanted for export," offered to pur chase, in large or small quantities, every class of merchandise. One advertisement runs thus:-" Madame Audre will, upon the re ceipt of 24 postage-stamps, send to any address plain directions by which any lady or gentle man may win the affections of as many of the opposite sex as they please. The plan is simple, but captivating and irresistible, be the position or appearance of the party what it may,y-young or old, peer, princess, or peasant, and the means are so delicate that detection is impossible." After referring to the obstacles which prevent marriages, it concludes by urging every one to get this text book of con jugal Iappiness. It was headed "Courtship Made Easy; or, How and When to Love;" and all letters to be addressed to Madame Audre, Arthur-street, Bloomsbury. From the the same address, Mons. Audre also pro posed for 26 stamps to reveal the future; and also to arrange and advise under the pro visions of the Matrimonial Cause and Divorce Act. To each of these appeals answers con taising stamps had been sent, and some cards with the name "Thomas White" were also found upon the prisoner. The Lord Mayor, on remanding the case, said he hoped the present exposure would put the public upon their guard against this species of im position. SEEKING DEATI AND FINDING WEALTH. -We heard, in Mexico, a story connected with Popccatepetl, the truth of which I will not vouch for, although everybody endeavour ed to assure us of it. Many years ago, a wealthy German m.rchant, residing in Mexico, became embarrassed in his affairs,tbrough spe culation, and, after an honourable struggle, he failed. This reverse ot fortune, appeared to him irreparable, no consolatory hope was to be seen on the horizon of the black desert of his future life. lie despaired. His existence had become an insupportable burthen to him, and he resolved to dbe rid of it. Still he shrunk from casting the disgrace of suicide on a name born at home, by honourable relations; so he devised a plan which would accomplish his purpose, without creating suspicion of his having had suicidal intentions. Over the cra ter ofPopocatepetl hangs a dense cloud of sulp hureous vapour, which issues in volumes from ti?he depths of abyss. Any near approach to the brisk of the crater produces a suffocating sensation on every one who had ascended so far. A descent into the crater, therefotbre, was considered to be certain death. All this was well-known to him, so he mentioned to his firiends his intention to have a trip up the mountain, and he set out for it. On the vari ous slopes of the mountain are some villages of the aboriginal Indians. From the last of these hlie took guides, with ropes and poles, and other articles. iHere, he orderod his guides to plant two poles crossways on the brink of the crater, as he wished to explore the interior. In vain they tried to dissuade him. He merely told them to wait for him, and, on his signal, to haul him up; then, shut ting his eyes, and compressing his mouth and nostrils, he descended by the ropes into the awnig chasm. His sense was in a whirl, is brain reeled, and the oppression on his res piratory organs made the terrors of death pal pable. Still he persevered, and clutching the rope convulsively, he continued his descent, when lo! on a sudden, all oppressiveness va nished: he felt to be in a pure, respirable at mosphere, and, in a few moments more he stood on firm ground! He opened his eyes, and here he was, indeed, in another world! An immense dome of glittering yellow crystals, forming figures of infinate variety, was lit up by innumerable pale blue flames flickering from cornices, from arabes ques, and trousthe dleep recesses, or playing, in increasing and decreasing jets, on the walls bf this unearthly hall, whose doom was prop ped by huge fluted columns of a grassy po lish, resembling giant bundles of reeds. or a moment, our hero, stapified and astonished, doubted the evidence of his senses; for a moment, he thought he had entered on ano ther stage of his existence; that all around him was unreal, shadowy, a delusion of his whirling brain. But a dim glimpse of the distant opening above him, through which the white vapours whirled in ascending spirals, and amid which, at moments, the clear sunlit atmosphere shone like a diamond, reminded him of the world above, and he then under stood the world around him. He now saw that hewas in a cavernof sulphur formation, an in exhaustible mine of sulphur crystals andfjoor de Azufre: his speculative spirit revived, for he porceived, at a glance, what immense wealth could be derived from what he saw around him. A boundless horizon of hope expanded in his heart, and, while his eyes flled with tears of gratitude to his forgiving God, he gave the signal to be hauled up. lie now perceived that very near the mouth of the crater the vapours became compressed and suffocating, and that immediately below there was an atmosphere perfectly clear and salubrious. This mine of sulphur soon yielded him an immense fortune, and he returned to his own country a rich, perhaps a better man. This mine of sulphur is worked to this day, and appears to be exhaustless. At the brink of the crater, where the hero of our tale de scended,are still to be seen the cross posts by means of which he effected his descent, and which certainly give a colour of truth to the romance, as told me. How no Exonra ' WIL..-Bot not to trouble you with nice distinctions, I advise you to make your will in the following manner:-Take care that if written on several separate sheets of paper, they are all fastened together, and that the pages are numbered. Sign your name at the bottom of each sheet, and state at the end of your will of how many pages your will consists. If there are any erasures or interlineations, put your initials in the margin opposite to them, and notice them in the attestation. The attestation should be already written at the end of the will. The two persons intended to be the witnesses should be called in and told that you do sire them to witness your will, and then you should sign your name in their presence, and desire them each to look at the signature. Your signature should follow your will, but should precede the signatures of tie witnesses, for if you were to sirna after they have signed, your will would be void. When, therefore, you have signed, they should sign their names and residences at the foot of the attests. tion. You will observe that, according to the attes tation, neither of the witnesses, although he has signed the attestation, should leave the room until the other witness has signed also. Remember that they must both sign in your presence, and therefore you should not allow them to go into another room to sign, or even into any recess, or any other part of the room, where it is possible that you might not be able to see them sign. If, thlrefore, you do not choose them to sign after you at the same table or desk, have a table placed close to you before they come into the room, so as to create no confusion, at which they can and ought to sign before leaving thu room. Ifyouwereto sensyour servant, wlhohappened to be one of your intended witnesses, out of the room evon for a table, he must leave the room before you sign. If, after your death, a iuestion were to arise upon the fhct of your having signed in the oresence of both the witnesses present at the same time, the man would of course admit that he left the room before you did sign, and then imagine what reliance would be placed upon the fact in cross-examination, and in the address to the jury. The precaution which I recommend would prevent this diffioulty from arising.-Lord St Le?nard'sa Handy Book. CUoE vOR DISLOCATION OF VERTEDRV O n THE NECL.-A little girl, nine years of age, of orn5ois, a commune in the department of Puy-de- Dome, was amusing herself by ' see-sawing," on 04 plank, her brother being on the other end. He suddenly got down, anod the little girl was thrown off by thejerk, and fellon an obstacle, which caused the laxation of the sixth cervical vertebrie. Dr. Missous being called in, he immediately recognised the case as one in which any violent effort to replace the vertebrae would inevitably cause the death of the patient ; he therefore resolved to effect it gradually, b ftiguing the muscles, and causing them to relax ostheir own accord. A plank was procured, and a square block of sufficient thickness placed at the end of it by way of a pillow; the patient was then laid on the plank, so that her head, which was immoveably thrown backwards, rested on the block. There was, there fore, an empty space between her spine and the plank; the weight of the chest and shoulders was solely supported by the dislocated vertebral colnmn. By degrees the resistance of the muscles, which was the chief obstacle to the restoration of the bone to its natural position, diminished, the head slowly re turned to its place, and in about an hour and a half the muscles had so far relaxed that the dislocated vertebra slipped into itsplace again by itself. The patient could see, move, and speak as before; never theless she was kept in bed fr a whole month by way of precaution, and is at present perfectly re covered.--Lloyd'a News. 