— LATE EMPEROR OP RUSSIA. While Gregory filled the I'npnlsoat the war Nicholas came to Rome. Cardinal Wiseman, in his "Recollections of the last Pour 1 opes, describes the interview between | ' tub czar and tub pofe. The most painful of his conflicts, however, was one face to face with the greatest of Europe a bo- I vcrcigns, a man accustomed to command w,tl 1 contradiction, and to be surrounded hy cotnp ctc 1 submission. He did not imagine that there was a i human being who would presume to read hun a I lesson, or still less to administer him a rebuke. It 1 may be proper to premise that the present Empc- 1 ror of Russia, while Czarowlch, visited Rome, ami 4 was received with the utmost respect by all ranks, 3 and with extreme kindness by the lope. bhe 1 voting prince uxprcascii himself highly gratified 1 by his reception; ami I was told by those to t whom he had declared it, that he had procured a ' portrait of Gregory, which he said lie should al- „ wnys keep, as that of a friend deeply venerated and esteemed. Further, in 1842, the Emperor, '-'his father, had sent very splendid presents to the Pope, a vase nf malachite, now in the Vatican, library, and a large supply of the same precious material for the Basilica of St. Paul. Still lie had not ceased to deal harshly, not to say cruelly with his Catholic subjects, especially the Poles. They 'ivere driven into the Greek communion by putting it out of their power to follow their own worship ; they were deprived of their own bishops and priests, and even persecuted by more violent in- fliclions and personal sufferings. On this subject '.- the Holy See had both publicly and privately com- ,, -plained ; but no redress, and but little, if any, allevi ation bad been obtained. At length, in Dee., 18'lfl, the Emperor Nicholas I. came himself to Rome. It ' /was observed both in Italy and, I believe, in Eng land, how minute and unrclaxcd were the pre- " cautions tai: in to secure him against any danger of conspiracy ; how his apartment, bed, food, body /(guard, were arranged with a watchful eye to the . prevention of any surprise from hidden enemies. rjjBe tiiis as it m by, nothing amiss befell bira, unless f. it. was his momentous interview with the head of i that church which he had so mercilessly persecu- \ .ted, with him whose rival he considered himself as ,.real autocratic head of alarge proportion of what he called the "Orthodox Church," and as recog- niscd protector of its entire communion. It was arranged that the Emperor should be attended by f»M. de Bouteneff, his minister at Rome, and that ;||thc Pope should have a cardinal at his side. He "pselected, as has been said, the English Cardinal 'llActon. This was not a usual provision for a ro- ;/>yal visit, but gave it rather the air of a conference ; Viand so in truth it was. The Pope felt he had a "//solemn and trying duty to perform. Could he nllow the persecutor of his flock to approach him, pjand depart without a word of expostulation, and ijeven of reproof? Could he receive him with a '.bland smile and insincere accolade; speak to him idf the unmeaning topics of the hour, or of thecoid ''politics of the world ? Impossible. It would have been nt variance, not with personal disposi- tion, hut with the spiritual character which he "held of Father of the Faithful, defender of the weak ; shepherd of the ravened flock j protector "iofthc persecuted; representative of fearless, un compromising, martyred pontiffs ; viear of Him . Vjyho feared no stalking, any more than prowling, " wolf. It would have been to his conscience a < .gnawing and undying reproach, if he had lost the opportunity of saying face to face what he had "/written and spoken of one absent, or if he had not reemployed his privilege as a sovereign to second his iS-inission as a Pontiff. He would have confirmed -,i by his cowardice or his forbearance, though it '/'might have been called courtly refinement or gen- v-tleness of character, all the self- confidence and -/fearlessness of a fanatical persecutor, placed above Tall but some great moral control. ,.i Certainly much hung in the balance of that '' Pontiff's deliberation, how he should act. Thai \- meekest of men, Pius VII., had not neglected tbe /opportunity of his captivity, to enumerate with fervid gentleness, to his powerful master, the evils " -which the church had suffered at his hands. Gre- gorv never undertook any grave work without much prayer; and one so momentous as this was not assuredly determined on except after long and earnest supplication. What were the Emperor's intentions, what his ideas, what his desires in " coming to Rome, and having necessarily a perso nal meeting with the Pope, it is impossible to conjecture. Did he hope to overcome him by his .'splendid presence, truly majestic, soldier like, and ./'imperial ? Or to cajole and win him by soothing /'speeches and insincere promises ? Or to gain the V nterpretative approval of silence and forbearance? One must conjecture in vain.: Certain it is, that ' he came, he saw, he conquered not. It has been already mentioned, that the subject and particu lars of the conference were never revealed by its ./only witness nt Rome. The Pope's account was' /brief, simple, .and full .of conscious power, "I V Jsaid to him all that the Holy Ghost dictated to' iivSjme." '<< And that he had not spoken vainly, with words -Wthat had beaten the air, but that their strokes had been well placed and driven home, there was evi ;V-.dence elsewhere recorded. An English gentle- V> man was in some part of the palace through which V the imperial visitor passed as he returned from /his interview, and described his altered appearance. He had entered with his usual firm and royal as- . peel, grand as it was, from statue like features, .'stately frame, and martial bearing; free and at ; his case, with gracious looks and condescending .'gestures of salutation. So he passed through the ,E>ng suit of ante rooms, the imperial eagle, glossy /fiery, " with plumes unruffled, and with eye un- quenched," iu all the glory of pinions which no flight had ever wearied, of beak and talon which no prey had yet resisted. lie came forth again, / with head uncovered, and hair, if it can be said of man, dishevelled ; haggard and pale, looking as though in an hour he had passed through the condensation of a protracted fever ; taking long strides, with stooping shoulders, unobservant, unsaluting : he waited not for his carriage to come to the foot of the stairs, but rushed out into the outer court, and hurried away from apparently the scene of a discomfiture. It wus the eagle dragged from his eyrie among the clefts of the rocks, " from his nest among the stars," his fea thers crumpled, and his eye quelled, by a power till then despised. Gold News — Six pounds weight of gold from ;the Meragle diggings may now be seen at the store of Mr. Fallon, Alburv. The gold is chielly in large flat scales, and the samdle is a very hand some one. In a former number we mentioned that two men had procured gold in paying quantities at the Black Range. We have now to Btate that this party obtained three ounces as the result of their last week's labour in that locality. This gold which is heavy and not at all water- worn, may also be seen at Mr. Fallon's store. — JBortlar Post. , The Daguerreotyped Bank Notes. — The Ave pound forged bank notes of tbe English and Scottish Chartered Bank are really so cleverly 'executed as to defy detection by even thoBe who esteem themselves adepts at discovering frauds. Even to the signature of the accountant and the entering clerk the thing is perfect, and although the paper on which the note is printed is very similar in texture, there is only a slight difference in stoutness, and observable only when comparing the note with one "equally worn." The banks evidently liuvc received some intimation of the forgery, for a five pound note of this kind was passed' to account in the Colonial Hank yesterday, but detected by tbe teller in consequence of the absence of the stump at the back of the note, adopted by the English and Scottish Chartered Bank as a cheek to the forgeries, which induced him to examine it more minutely and ultimately discover the fraud. This note is dated the 1st January, 1850, and it is presumed that all the forgeries bear a similar date, By nothing short of the pbotoglirapio process could such a fao simile have been transferred to a plate, engraved, ami afterwards printed. If I recollect rightly, the bank advertised all their old notes to be sent in, to enable them to issue new noes, no doubt with a view to check this daring forgery. — Qeelovg Advertiser 