m. de lamartine: ' M. de Lamartine has been roused by some -severe remarks published in this country on his acquiescence in a public subscription for his benefit to publish an animated vindication.' To those who have pointed to Chateaubriand as an example of stoicism and self-denial, M. de La- marline remarks that 'Chateaubriand held large and remunerating appointments, yielding him often 300,000f. a-year, besides his pension as a peer ; his debts were paid twice over by the Restoration, while neither the Restoration/nor the Government of July, nor the Republic ever paid a centime of my debts ; there are states men now living who can testify that I have re fused the millions of the btate when offered to me.' Leave me my debts, but leave me also my character ; I have served without hire ! . . . As to the pretended dilapidation of my fortune, and my unlimited extravagance, come to my home, and judge ! I inhabit a small house at the bottom of a court in an opscure quarter, i live tne lue ot a la borer of the pen ; I receive in the evening afew friends still faithful to Jme in my adverse days. I Bteal from sleep some hours for work. I have sold my horses — to which I was passionately attached as the companions of my youth and travels — keeping only two or three dogs/whose tender fidelity Beems a protest against the faith lessness of men. Such has been my life in Paris during ten years. In the country, I lead a similar existence, under wider roofs. A student at night ; a peasant or patriarch, if you will, during the day, surrounded by anumerousclass of honest and faithful laborers, profiting by my profits in good years, poor in my poverty when crops fail ; and a few attached servants, born and getting old in my house, serving without wages when necessary, an adopted family never to bo expelled by me till the roof which shelters their infancy or their gray hairs shall crumble over the m and me ! That is my luxury — the luxury of ttie heart!' M. de Lamartine then explains that his inheritance was burdened with legacies, to pay which he was forced to mort gage them : but that he has not added a penny to their burdens. He might have Bold them, but filial pity hindered him. ' After my death, when'my management will be examined, 1 may be blamed for myimpulses, but my memor will be free from insult | I have never yet compromised the interests oB my creditors. I have kept in lands and literarj' property enough, and more than enough t<| guarantee them. It only remains to find ii 1 course of time fair purchasers for my lands! without having recourse to that cloud of dealers who like vultures scent the carcase from afar.' The final paragraph runs thus : — If tho sub- scription opened for me in Macon, Paris, Lon- don, &c.;, succeed, however slowly and incom pletely, and if my literary labor continue to be seconded, all is saved. If the subscription fails through indifference or calumny — if my friends reap only a harvest of insult from the land . where their devoted hands hoped to glean the offsprings of the heart — then I will shake off, not in anger but with resignation, the dust of my paternal fields and hearth, and will say to you and to those who inspire you — Enjoy in jence your malignity, breathe freely the air of. that country which witnessed your birth, and| where you may die ; I breathe no longer theg same air — be satisfied.' Those who compared Chateaubriand's stoic independence with Lamartine's readiness to ac> cept aid had probably forgotten that the first- named author was'at one time relieved from our Literary fund. — London Daily News. The Patent Umbrella.. — Beard, a.Oincin- nati artist,. has invented/a plan to stop the most ! inconvenient and 'unpunishable crime, umbrella i theft, which' he intends to make public at the risk'of violating the patent law. I had bought a fine silk umbrella, and started for the Bur-- I net Mouse, on a rainy day, when I began to' j reflect on my' extravagance, and to wonder, as ' I tripped along proudly -under its broad and safe cover, whether or not it would go the way of all umbrellas, and leave me to the. ' pitiless pollings of the storm,' before the day wasover. True, I could keep it in my hand, but then I was occasionally so absent minded that I would be just as apt to set it down in a public: bar room. or even to have it quietly taken out of ray haud by some adroit purloiner. Suddenly an idea occurred.'! stepped in a hardware store and purchased a small . padlock:- On arriving at the hotel'I closed the umbrella; slipped the padlock on the wire spring which keeps it shut, and deposited it with the most perfect confi dence on the public rack.- A Bplendid looking fellow, with a goatee and moustaches, stepped ! up with the most perfect nonchalance, and took j my'/dentical umbrella. I quietly sauntered to wards the door, giving ,a casual glance at the 1 silk ; but, alas ! it was no go—again ! still I worse. "What the deuce was the matter? He | looked, saw the trap, and the fall of his ooun- | tenance was exactly the step from the sublime j to the ridiculous I had so often heard of, but never seen before. My umbrella was quietly t deposited in its place, and the genlleman meekly sauntered towards the reading-room, and slipped out of another door umbrellaless, i I was by no means satisfied with one experi- . men!. In a little while I saw one of the most bazea appropriators of small things (he wases- pecially hard on lunches and drinks— free) in oil Cincinnati. 'Now,' said I is. my chance. This customer had ira article in his hand, which might, in courtesy, be styled ' the ghost of an umbrella,' and cotton at- that. With a grand- I iloquent. air, he deposited it right alongside of | mine, and went to the bar; There he picked 1 up a treat (it wa's'election time), and ate crac- J kers and cheese enormously. ' Thence to the ; reading room, with my eye still upon him, and J in less than a minute, with a shrug, and but-- j toning up his coat an extra button, he passed j iu a rapid business manner to the door, picked Pup my umbrella, with scarcely a. glance, as he k went along. I was on hand. With a sudden movement he (attempted to raise it; no go! r Again ! Still failure. With a decision perfec- , tly Napoleonic, and worthy- of the occasion, he i was about to tear away' the slight obstruction, when I stepped up, dud said — Don't do it, J I'll lend you the key !' ' Ah ! Mr. Beard. Ha! ; Strange mistakes-thought it was my own. ! Good device ; think I'll adopt it.' And with the most perfect ease he put my umbrella down, took his own, and'vamosed.. I was satisfied. I had found out how to keep : an -umbrella, and now I am on my way to Washington to get a patent for it. — Cincinnati Courier. A 'Possum Skinned Alive. — A gentleman has related to us the following circumstance which he had from the lips of a man named Tattershell, a shepherd in the employ of Mr G. Rouse. Tattershill, when shepherding last week, killd. as, he thought an opossum, and. having taken off the skin and pegged it out to dry, threw the body , on the ground for the dogs to eat .when ttiey come round ; he then went a way- for a few minutes, but on returning was surprised to see 'possum, minus skin, -running up a tree into a hole, in which he escaped. We are' "assured this actually occured.— Mudgee Newspaper. Indecent Robbery at Wangaratta. — Tho other evening a most impudent and bare faced robbery ;was perpetrated in the neighbor hood of this township. It' appears that several young ladies (and those I believe representing no inconsiderable share of the youth and beauty of Wangarqtta) finding the weather very warm and oppressive went to the King river for the purpose of indulging in the luxury of bathing in ; its cooling and pellucid waters, and while these lovely maids were disporting themselves in this healthful exercise, some audaciousthief, without \- consideration for the feelings of the ladies/ctu- ally had the unblushing offrontery to walk off with all their clothes. How they would have contrived to have got out of this fix it is hard to say, had not some good Samaritan, a lady -living contiguous to the spot, come to the res cue of the fair creatures. The thief has not yet' been discovered. A 1 ribute to Christianity. — Mr. T. Cooper, author of the ' Purgatory of Suicides,' has been lecturing in St. George's Hall, Brad ford, to large audiences. Mr. Cooper, in tho j course of his remarks, maintained that those who never doubted, never thought, and con demned the calling of n sceptic an ' infidel,' it being merely a term of opprobium. As to the ; causes of scepticism he traced them to the bad example of, religious professors, the checking of free inquiry, to blundering theology, tlio op pression of the poor and the question of moral ' evil. He pointed out tho varieties of scepticism, and alluded to the want of unity amongst them, ' after which he gave an interesting account of his career, his declension into infidelity, and his return to Christianity ; to his earnest faith as a Methodist. It was a very earnest faith, and he knew no better. His old friend, the Rev. Dr. Jobson, never deserted him. Whenever he camo to London ho found him out, and with prayers and tears ho followed him. He had returned to Christianity, and he did not cure, sneer or not, he was once more a praying man and a happy man. More than that he in tended to be a preaching tnao, and to carry this gospel, God helping him, through Eng. lund, 