GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. -«*«*. High School.-The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of tho High School of Hobart Town took place on Mon- day ; T. D. Chapman, Esq., M.H.A., in the chair. The accounts were satisfactory, inasmuch as it appeared that Ino fees now nearly meet tho expenses. The debt was about £1C DO, and there wera sixty soholars on tho books. Messrs. Hopkins, G. W. Walker and Proctor were reclccted members of tha Council, and Mr. W. Bout was appointed treasurer, in tie room of Mr. Macnaughtan, resigned. _ Mr. Macnaughtan having, by letter, expressed his intention to resign his seat in t o Council, a resolution earnestly requesting him not to do so wri agreed to ; and the same having been communicated to Mr. Macnaughtan, that gentleman expressed his thanks for the good feeling evinced, and yielded ' tho request. The Chairman referred to a picture representing a scone near the Nile, handsomely presented to the Institution, to be placed in the library ; and it was agrood that an appropriate pre- sentation plate be provided. Mr. Macnaughtan, in acknowledging a voto of thanks for tho gift, stated that the artist, Mr. Glover, one of tho earliest sionista of Tasma- nia, was upwards of seventy years of age when he painted it. Votes of thanks -co passed to the Masters, tho late Treasurer and Auditors, and Messrs. Dickson, Sprent and Ki Dck were appointed Auditors for the ensuing year. Houourablo mention was irado by the Chairman of Mr. Murray Burgess, tho Secretar-, who had worked hard for the Institution, and for whom At. Chapman said he should request a salary on a futuro occasion. A voto of thanks having been passed to the Secretary and the Chairman, the meeting separated. Campbell Town.-Tho annual value of the property, as assessed by tho valuators, J. Maclanachan and P. H. Gell, Esqs., is close upon £41,000. The Huon Mails.-The Government Gazette contains a notice to the effect that from and after Tuesday (yesterday) the mails for Franklin (Huon) and the Grove will bo closed at Hobart Town on Tuesday and Friday evenings at half-past six o'clock, to be despatched on the following mornings at daylight. The return mails will be closed at the Franklin Post Office on Tuesday «nd Friday mornings at seven o'clock. The Ukemmoted in Mbxboukne.-It appears, says Sear's Weekly Circular of Saturday loBt, that the motto of " We are starving," inscribed on the banner lately borne in procession by a body of the unemployed who usually loiter about the Post Office, is a gross exaggeration, to say tho least of it. 'A correspondent of tho Argus statis that, " being in want of a groom, he went yesterday to the Post Office to see if ho could get one. He saw one of the men who allege they are starving, who had a dash of the stable about him. He asked him if he would take employ os a groom, and what wages he required. His answer was, ' Yci, I am a groom, and havo been employed at 'a stables, and I will como to you for 30s. a week and my board, and not one penny less'.' " Facts like this need no comment. Ciucket Match.-An interesting match between the Young Derwent and Tradesmen's Union Clubs of Hobart Town was played in tho Queen's Park yesterday. Tho weather was sereno, and wickets were pitched at a very early hour. After some very fino play, Tabart, Westbrook, Whitesides and Briant, of'tho Derwent, scored 130 rims. Tho Tradesmen wero not up to the mark, and lost their wickets in the first innings with only 10 runs, They only scored 52 in tho second innings, leaving thoir adversaries the conquerors in one innings, with 02 runs to spare. The round-hand bowling was not understood by the Tradesmen. Tho sports wound up with a regalement, when a proposition was mooted that a publio meeting should be hcld.or a cricketer's dinner, given for tho purpose of organizing, another club, to consist of the most scient fie players. Gai vbom Gum Leaves.-The gas with which the city was illuminated last night was made from the haves and twigs of gum trees. It was very brillant, and we look forward with some interest for tho reported results of the experiment. Ma Charles Kemble Mason, Miss Annette Ii ice, and Miss Emma Stanley havo arrived on a theatrical tour at Melbourne from Ban Francifco. Mc. G. V. Brooke.-Mr. Brooke played Macbeth to a crowded house at Launceston on Monday even- ing. Sir Henry Young was to attend last night. F.vjs Fine Finny Fellows. Five fish exhibited by Mr. King the Fishmonger of Collins-street yesterday morning1 weighed in the whole 230 lbs. Twc were " Hawbukahs" weighing 84 and 55 lbs. resMctively ; three were trumpeters weighing 35, 31, and 25 lbs each. At Australian Ghost Stobt.-I clip the fol 'owhg from the Ulladulla correspondence of the Illa- warra Mercury ;-For the last turee weeks the most terrifying and strange sounds have been heard to issue from a swamp near here, known as the Big-Hole Farm, occupied by Mr. Berry. The voice resembles that of a humin being in great agony and pain, and can bo beard at a distance of three miles. It mver cries more than three or four times at once, then in quick succession, and at midnight or an hour or two before sunrise. It vory often is he>,^d to only cry out Ones' af a time. He this as it may, those parties residing within three or four miles ot tbe swamp are unable to rest at n* ht- time for its strange unearthly howKngs, and assert it is an apparition raising its voici as a warning to us to avoid some impending evil.l Others assure us it is the cry of a large bird, and ¿hat it was heard proceeding fiom the samo spot about twelve years ago. However, thero it is, and its erics are annoying and amazing to those in the neigh bom lood. Somo stout mon with stout hearts intend, in a ew evenings to come, to visit the swamp, for the pun )ßo of ascertaining the naturo of the being or bird which emits these strange and awful Bounds. What plucky peoplo they must bo at Ulladulla to listen in tue first instance to a voice resembling that of a human being in great agony or pain, without making any^ffort to discover and relievo the possible sufferer. Wurt very " stout hearts" mjist those " stout men" have, who require a month to screw up their courage, at lait, to the searching point. My own impression is that mo mysterious "being or bird"-birds, be pleased to opserve, aro not beings-will tura out to be ¡a patriarchal ball-frog. What fan it would be to see the corpulent heroes of Ulladulla marching down with lighud torches to the dismal swamp; their pendulous doune china and projecting paunches quivering like blancmange, and their fat cheeks as pale 1 " Prophet !" ory they, "thing of evil!-prophet still, if bird or devil! - Whrther tempter tent, or whether tempest toned thee lhere ashore, Dettlate yet all undaunted, in this Big-Hole Farm In this swamp by Horror haunted-tell na truly, we [implore - Win thou out thy stick and leave tis f-do, now do, Inow, we implore !" I Quoth the bullfrog, " Quaieauawguaw!" I irish in this unlegeudary land-with a prosiac " Fisher's Ghost" for ita sole metbologr-a genuine gohjen could be atumblud on somewhere.-Peter {baum'* Country Comment». The Sheriff oners a reward of ¿5 for the apprelieti »io*1 of the prisoners William Lee and William Edwards, who cacsped (rom (Im gaol on the 8th but 