A SUMMER'S RAMBLE ON THE COAST. Everything was at length carefully settled, and the Great Exploring Expedition, of whose existence the world has hitherto remained in blissful ignorance, was to start from Sydney, without fail, on the following day. The grave Commandant had issued his final orders, the eager Carlos, in a perfect fever of expecta- tion, had put his last finishing touch to the knapsacks ; and even the listless and indolent Marau seemed gal- vanized into something like activity. The last ener- getic remonstrances of the ladies, prognosticating nescio quid mali - in which snakes, mosquitos, catarrhs, hunger, thirst, and fatigue, of course bore prominent place , - had died away into a disdainful silence, for the dear creatures saw that the whole matter was in- evitable. " The men would go," and moreover all things were ready for their departure. The worthy trio took counsel and grog together the night before in a solemn conclave, from which that sneaking fellow Nemo was then at least excluded. Do what they would, however, all felt it to be impossible for them to sally forth unaccompanied by that mysterious and objec- tionable personage, who thrusts himself forward every- where unasked, and does his best to mar the success of all human undertakings. "For ages past," said Marau, as he sat growling on the doorstep, " what mischief has not that Nemo caused ? Doesn't he ruin the judicious commissariat arrangements of potent armies, starve men and horses by thousands, bring about incomprehensible depressions in trade, universal bankruptcies, and so forth ; misgovern colonies and even kingdoms, smash clever responsible ministries, set friends and lovers at variance, and condescend even to the meanest subterfuge, and pettiest piece of malice ? Who, for instance, has not seen him utterly destroy the harmless fun of an ordinary picnic? The intermeddling, ubiquitous, intangible blockhead ! There will be no avoiding his company, he will of course be one of our expedition. But his office will not, I think, be a very distinguished one. Let him come, and miss all the birds that are not shot, dis- engage all the fish that nibble and escape, upset our water-cans on the dry grass when we halt for refresh- ment, mislay what we do take with us, and be solely responsible for what shall or may be left behind. "We will try the Mark Tapley dodge, " and be merry in spite of him." The Commandant gave a nod of keen ap- proval, either at the grog or the sentiment, on the conclusion of this tirade, but Carlos was observed to grow thoughtful, glancing apprehensively at the hea- vens, which had become gradually overcast. Then came several of those frequent and continuous flashes of lightning, followed by angry bursts of thunder which are so common during our hot summer months, and on that night there was an abundance of cool, de- lightful rain. Early next day, however, our friends were all astir, and the weather reported highly favourable to the en- terprise, for the rain had ceased, though the sky still remained cloudy, which in some respects was a thing to be desired. A spirited rush was made at the impedimenta - knapsacks, havresacs, and guns - small light German fowling-pieces of no great weight or value, with which they might easily scramble over rocks in the day-time, or, without much cause of anxiety, leave exposed to the dews of night. Then, having swallowed a rather "heavy" breakfast, on went the straw hats, with their half smart, half comical veils worn turban- wise, and soon after the omnibus, passing by the door, took the whole party and their traps to the bottom of Erskine-street, there to await the despatch of the steamer for Manly Beach, fixed upon as the point de depart. What an important thing is dress ! Had our friends gone forth clothed as usual, or in sporting cos- tume, their appearance would have been the signal for an absolute shower of sarcasm and intrusive imperti- nence on the part of the great unwashed, who now suffered them to pass by almost unnoticed. Some few individuals even seemed almost inclined to patronise them. The old coat and trousers of each of the adventurers became a shield and cuirass against which the galling arrows of sneering criticism were blunted at once. The Commandant felt grateful for his fore- sight and his shabbiness, and squatting with Marau upon a log of timber on the dingy wharf, calmly expected the arrival of the steamer which was to do duty on the occasion. Carlos still retaining a shadowy sense of importance, could not descend so suddenly, but perched himself up behind on a carpenter's bench. Notwithstanding their auspicious advent was not quite remarked, and several pleasure-seekers going for health, fresh air, and perhaps, an excellent dinner, with et etceteras, to Manly Beach, seemed moved with a little languid surprise at the new comers, uncertain under what category to classify them, whether as tourists, gold-diggers, or something else. Neither Marau nor the Commandant were in any degree dis- posed to be communicative, and stubbornly refused to be trotted out ; the first sat smoking, and the other sat thinking, and so it came to pass that the chief speaker-ship naturally devolved upon Carlos, a result which did not give universal satisfaction. "Let us go forward," said the Commandant, when the steamer, not much behind her time, came alongside; and forward they went grounding arms and baggage, instanter, and without further ceremony, occupying a comfortable, unostentatious seat. Who has not heard or read something of the magni- ficent harbour of Port Jackson, and the pleasing effect produced by our beautiful metropolis resting like a queen enthroned upon its shores ? Tier upon tier, street above street, Sydney, - with her churches, pub- lic buildings, warehouses, manufactories, mansions, and homes of a less pretentions character,- rises a dense mass of stone, brick, and plaster, all the more picturesque from the broken hilly nature of her site. From the splendid dwelling of the merchant to the old hut-like cottage (yet surviving to show what Sydney has been) every object contributes something towards the general coup d'oeil, forming altogether one of the most interesting views which the eye can meet with anywhere, - a large and populous city with numerous wharves and shipping seen a short distance off the land from the deck of a moving vessel. And such a city too - She looks a sea Cybele fresh from ocean, Rising with her tiara of proud towers. At airy distance with majestic motion, A ruler of the waters and their powers - And such she doubtless may be some day. In the mean time it is on Carlos alone, to whom the scene is comparatively novel, that any decided impression ap- pears to be made, as the rapid progress of the steamer down the blue expanse of Darling Harbour, round Miller's Point, Dawes' Point, and thence into the " stream," discloses a panorama most of us may easily see and admire, but not so readily describe. One of the trio, however, like a true disciple of Lavater, turns from this enchanting prospect to study the facial vacuity and exceeding ugliness of some of his fellow passengers, and amuses himself by sotto voce specula- tions as to their individual character and different degrees of intellect. The third (proh pudor!) answers negligently and almost at random, being to all appear- ance at least occasionally flirting with a pug nosed nursemaid, more perhaps to aggravate the impotent wrath of her vigilant mistress than any thing else. They pass that queer little stony islet once immorta- lized by Poet Parkes, under the Anglo-Saxon name of Pinchgut, but of late become grand and aristocratic under the cognomen of Fort Denison, in compli- ment probably to the engineering talents of a certain distinguished personage whose residence lies yonder. Garden Island - lucus a non lucendo - where old King Bungaree departed this life, looms further to the right. Shark Island is approached and passed ; then they near the light-ship, and as they advance gaze for a few moments on the sharp outline of that melancholy chasm to the north of the signal station, - never to be for- gotten in the mournful annals of colonial history as the fatal Gap. The steamer rises and falls as she crosses Middle Head to the seaward, and our voyagers stare at the numerous formal buildings of the Quarantine Ground, and sigh as they contem- plate in security that disastrous rock where the good ship Catherine Adamson and so many poor souls went down one dark and terrible night. The commotion of the waves and certain fastidious stomachs grows gradually less ; children who have been partially silent for a few minutes again relapse into noise, and sea-sick ladies begin to wipe their faces and settle their shawls and bonnets. " Ease her, stop her, so, three strokes ahead," &c;, &c; , and lo ! the steamer and her passengers are safe at Manly Beach. In a trice our party are clear of the steamer, and heroically disregarding the seducing viands and excel- lent beverages of the worthy Cohen, plunge boldly into the forest at the back of the hotel. Once there, the knapsacks are duly strapped on, every other preli- minary adjusted, and then - " left shoulders forward " \- on they go along a heavy sandy path, winding through a woodland copse of considerable beauty. Here a tuft of wild-flowers, strange and grateful to the eyes of weary city going sinners attracts attention, next, a craggy rock overhung with trees and dark leaved vines, then a passing glimpse of the bright blue ocean close at hand, and sparkling in the rays of an Aus- tralian sun ; a deserted clearing, a quaint sun-baked farm-house, such as you may see in Spain, with a few gasping fowls in its yard, which one at least of our adventurers feels more than half-inclined to treat as pheasants. Fas obstat, neither safe nor proper ; and the march is resumed. " Adieu," said the commandant, in a choaking voice. " Adieu to ale and civilisation." But his companions were silent. Marau murmured his adieux to somebody, but whether to the solemn Kate, the merry dark-eyed Martha, or the timid and Madonna-like Genevieve, is not here declared in this veracious chronicle. Carlos evidently cared for none of such things, but pressed impatiently forward ; glaring round him with murder- ous intentions at every rash little bird twittering near them as they tramped on through the burning sand. " Manly Beach Lagoon," says the commandant, who, as usual, led the van, and the party emerge from the woods and stride across the sandy bar which sepa- rates that lakelet from the sea. It proved to be a somewhat extensive tract of water, of unequal breadth and no great depth, stretching for two miles and up- wards inland, - salt as these coast lagoons usually are, and possessed of no very peculiar characteristics. On its northern shore, the land rises precipitously, partially clothed with trees and underwood, intercepted here and there with huge masses of stone, not loose certainly, but mostly de- tached from the parent rock. Water was here searched for at its base near the head of the lagoon, but all in vain. Every hollow was dried up, every tiny streamlet vanished before the fervent heat. There was no help for it, they must push on into terra in- cognita without that grand desideratum. The long sands of Manly here coming to an abrupt conclusion, it was obviously impracticable for them to go round the point upon the beach, and our tourists according resolved with one voice to scale the heights before them, a matter of no inconsiderable toil and difficulty. Fol- lowing up some dry watercourse, however, this was gradually accomplished, and their exertions were after a while rewarded by the prospect unfolded before them, when, having crossed that steep and barren headland, and come to the rugged cliffs which form its northern limit, they looked down into the narrow and utterly secluded valley beyond. A comparatively small bay forms its eastern termination, where a well wooded creek finally disembogues into the strand. To the left far inland wild and mountainous highlands enclose a wide spread swamp, at the lower side of which trees and brushwood of a less scanty growth than elsewhere designate the margin of a winding stream. Salt or fresh ? Here was a problem in the solution of which our travellers felt no slight interest, for the heat had become absolutely overpowering ; nothing but the graphic pen of an Anderson could adequately describe it. Promptly they descended the cliffs by a narrow shelf- like pass, cautiously crawling down and lowering themselves ; and having moreover a due regard to the possible neighbourhood of snakes they gain at length a less dangerous locality on the steep hill side below. It did not then take long for them to pass through a barren scrub where traces of some bye- gone confla- gration intensified the naturally arid aspect of the scene, until the reached the wood before mentioned, about a mile or so above the bay. In a few minutes after- wards the shrill whistle and joyous shout of the com- mandant proclaimed the welcome fact that fresh water had been found at last, and soon a pleasant sleep- inviting sound stole upon the ears of our thirsty way- farers like tuneful music. Ground arms, mes enfans, and down with the humps, the haversacs, and the panikins. Here was the first grand halt; and by the aid of a hastily kindled fire out of their well-packed wallets our tired travellers made a capital rustic meal. They rested under the shade until the ardour of the sun's rays had somewhat abated, and agreed to desig- nate the spot as " Rivulet Camp." Copious were the draughts of fragrant coffee which they swallowed, with and without a stronger qualification, and thoroughly refreshed, though heavily loaded with the scarce and limpid element, eventually resumed their onward march, not at the beat of drum, but at the discordant screech of their whistles. First, they follow down the gradually enlarging stream, startling divers active iguanas and curiously inquisi- tive lizards, as they pass on sweltering and grunting under their unaccustomed burthens. The sea-side track again proving impassable, once more their faces are turned to to the northward, and they plod along a devious, solitary, and often rock-bound path, across a rolling woodland with frequent openings, through which the breeze from the adjacent ocean rushes in upon their streaming faces, and from which they catch many bold views of the mighty Pacific. How myste- riously beautiful is the stupendous ocean, ever chang- ing, and yet always the same ! None but Byron has ever yet succeeded in giving poetic expression to that strange yearning, that highly-wrought emotion of mingled admiration and awe, which all true lovers of nature experience whenever they stand beside it. There is a pleasure in the pathless woods ; There is rapture on the lonely shore ; There is society where none intruges, By the deep sea, and music in its roar, &c.; In spite of the oppressive warmth of the weather and the grievous weight of the baggage Tapleyism was the order of the day, and in cheerful converse our party arrived late in the afternoon at the commence- ment of another long sandy bay to the northern ex- tremity of which rise the frowning rocks of Dewy Head. Here again they halt without a dissentient voice, and in an aromatic and shady thicket of broad leaved myrtle, splice the main brace with a most agreeable unanimity. " Ke ku Akua e malama ke Alii" \- says Marau, "Certainly"- replies the Comman- dant ; and they all do honour to the loyal toast in a good stiff glass of grog. A gunya or wirley for the night was then quickly constructed out of a dense close-leaved shrub of some sort near the sea, the floor being laid with planks chosen from the drift wood on the beach, and the sides and base lavishly strewn and stuned with the boughs of the Acmena Floribunda. By the bower of Nehushta ! as far as appearances went it was altogether perfect; and with complacent ecstacy in honour of a certain yo(c)ung brunette, they named it Martha Lodge. To a graceful arch The pliant branches intertwined were bent ; Flowers some, and some rich fruits of gorgeous hues, Down hanging lavishly, the taste to please, Or with rich scent, the smell - or that fine sense Of beauty that in forms and colours rare Doth take delight. With fragrant boughs the floor Was planted, to the foot a carpet rich, Or for the languid limbs a downy coach Inviting slumber. It is humiliating after all this for the writer to have to place it upon record that this dear sylvan bower proved to be a most detestable failure, a mockery and delusion of the basest character ; but the truth must and shall be told. After a huge supper in which broiled ham, cheese, biscuit, and other con- diments, together with sundry pots of steaming tea, were liberally partaken of, as soon as darkness set in the " languid limbs" duly stretched on the aforesaid " fragrant boughs" courted the promised slumbers but in vain. Fleas, sandflies, and mosquitos - these were indeed serious antagonists to the quiet worship of Morpheus, but were for a while philosophically en- dured. Too soon, however, a fourth more terrible insectine enemy appeared, and drove the indignant trio shuddering back to the camp fire, where Martha Lodge was forthwith degraded into Tick Hall, and for ever contemptuously abandoned. Marau, in high wrath, could with, difficulty be restrained from reduc- ing that treacherous chamber of horrors to ashes, but was at last prevailed upon to leave it standing, and instead of vengeance to beguile the tedious hours of the night with tale and song. The moon rose over the broad ocean before them, and climbed high in the heavens before they again lay down. The Com- mandant and Carlos, wrapped in their blan- kets, eventually slept upon the sand, but some time elapsed before Marau, having selected a convenient slab hard by glided slowly into Dreamland, and thought himself once more a boy, roving on the moors and highlands of Somerset, many thousand miles away. Wild and varied are the numerous nocturnal sounds of winds and waves, the sea roars and sighs eternally, and the air whistles continuously with more or less vehemence. Strange, in truth, are the sounds. Could not one have sworn to that noise as more like a genuine sniff than anything else. Marau, recalled from visions of his native Mendip, throws off his wrapper with a start, and looks around him. It was nothing, mere fancy, - the day is breaking, and he will bathe. Carlos ! - Carlos is away in the greenwood already, unless yon pigmy be he, a dark speck on the beach, hardly visible in the imperfect light. A slight noise comes from the baggage, near Tick Hall, close by, and in a very airy dress Marau, rushing up the bank, perceives the author of that aforesaid incomprehensible sniff, and those sus- picious footsteps in the sand, Signor Dingo Rey- nardo, wait, only wait until he can reach his gun, but the cunning wild dog is off like the wind. And a graceful little fawn coloured scamp he was, something between a diminutive wolf and a fox. The com- mandant, at the outcry, rises majestically, like Nep- tune, and, like him, enquires the cause of all the riot. Carlos returns and explains that he, too, had met with the stealthy visitor ; and with a cheerful clatter of tongues and careless laughter a grand and luxurious bogy reinvigorates the party. After this they discover and clear out a little reservoir of fresh water not ten yards below Tick Hall, and near their sleeping place. Then they breakfast as before, and prepare leisurely to depart. " The well will be useful to others," says the commandant ; " at any rate we may name that after Martha, without any disrespect to her little ladyship." The proposal is hailed with applause, at once adopted, and the route resumed until they arrive at the foot of the cliffs at Dewy Head, forming the northern extremity of that long solitary bay. The commandant having pre- viously reconnoitred the spot, points out a dripping spring of fresh water close down by the waves, in the very face of the rock, and here, they encamp once more, under the over-arching precipice. Another mid-day meal, and Carlos and the Com- mandant go to fish in the adjacent lagoon, but Marau settles down lazily by the stuff, until wearied with merely useful he scales the rocks and gains the lofty summit above the camp. Here a grand view bursts upon the traveller and well repays the toil of the ascent. The whole sea coast from the immediate vicinity of the North Head of Sydney, the Quarantine Ground, Manly Beach, and the lower part of Port Jackson are distinctly visible. The Light Ship, Middle Head, the woods of Manly, and the rude shores between those parts and Dewy Point lie stretched out as in a map. To the west, inland, as far as the eye can reach not a house or hut betrays the neighbourhood of man. Vast, deso- late valleys of swamp, and wood, and rock ; and the wide, still waters of the lagoon, extending from the base of the height on which he stands to a consider- able distance ; while to the north the coast line of Australia is seen for miles on miles away, with alter- nate bay and cape beyond Long Nose, past the en- trance of Narabeen, until the farthest land stretches out into the sea - a dim blue, hazy outline, near Broken Bay. Marau was glad to escape the scorching rays of the sun on that stony and desert place, and notwithstanding the delights of flora and philosophy, felt relief when he came down again to Dewy Camp, on the shores of the bay. A savory mess of numer- ous small mullet and whiting from the lake awaited him ; and after dinner he and the commandant leaving the enthusiastic Carlos to fish and shoot, in defiance of the awful and suffocating heat - strolled along the border of Dewy Lagoon. There lying on the sand they listened to the jargon of the wild birds in the woods. The coachman, gallant and musical, called briskly to his mate, and one dear little merry bird ably refuted the calumny so often published against the feathered tribes of Australia by its brief and cheerful song. Driftwood was then collected for the fire, for the weather had assumed a sullen lower- ing aspect, and many a memorial of two sad recent wrecks was found. Small match-boxes, still perfect, but worn and whitened by the action of the waves, a piece of wax candle, a cask, massive riven timbers with metallic bolts, and lastly the fragment of an elm packing-case with the letters "CATHE. AD_," all, are all found far inland on the edge of the lagoon ; melancholy proofs and relics of two passing calamities. The night sets in dull and heavy ; the sea is well nigh shrouded in a deep purple mist, and the hot wind still actually scorched the bodies of our friends as they sought shelter and repose in two narrow clefts of the rock. The wind rises gradually until it becomes an angry gale, but two of the party are still in deep slumber. A broad lurid light from the fire glows over the rocks around and the rough camp of the sleepers, and a drizzling rain sets in. Hark a song comes fitfully from the watch fire to rouze two weary mortals to the enjoy- ment of hot chocolate and other et ceteras. The com- mandant hears something evidently, for he stirs under his blanket and listens drowsily, as if he could scarcely trust his senses, to the song of the Island World. The chief is wide awake, for he joins lustily in the closing chorus, and swears as he shivers in the por- tentously changed atmosphere, that he never tasted anything superior to that draught of chocolate, Carlos, hijo mio, arise. Our friend Marau hath surpassed himself. And so after a while they go off to sleep once more, always excepting one miserable man out of the three, who wanders about those purgatorial sands like a restless ghost, neither awake nor sleep- ing, but hovering doubtfully between the two until the dawn. Then comes shooting in the bush, fishing in the lake, and oystering on the rocks, as before. This day was distinguished by the discovery of a soup such as Soyer might have plumed himself upon, of which the trio eat gloriously, and in which birds fish, and macaroni, held a highly honoured place. 'Dewy soup,' par excellence, it will not be soon forgotten. Another visit to Dewy Head ensues, and various plea- sant adventures ; and then another long night upon the sands. On the morning of the fourth day the party shaped their course for home. First, with lightened knap- sacks, they tramp along the sands to Martha's well, where copious ablutions are comfortably performed, and the unpleasant effects of a too plentiful use of salt water obviated. Here as he sat and smoked, a slight contretemps occurred to Marau, in which his hat had nearly figured as a target ; at which there was no small uproar at the expense of Carlos. Then the route once more, until they halt again at Rivulet Camp, and dine, gipsy fashion, for the last time. Again they pass the cliffs and hill beyond, and descend into Manly Beach. Civilization once more. Supposed in spite of an elaborate bush toilet to be rather wild in appearance, as ladies on the sands glance somewhat apprehensively at them as they pass. The hotel in view at last - at the door of which the host meets them all with a frank and cordial welcome. They rest themselves pleasantly in one his of rooms, scanning the papers as they quaff something good and strong, and listening to the stirring yarns of one who seen bush life in earnest. Then a flying visit to the Camera Tower relieves the tedious interval which must elapse before the steamer starts. All couleur de rose - says the yawning reader. Not quite. A larger steamer is evidently required, as long as the daily visitors to Manly Beach are as numerous as they are at present. Our friends rushed on board with bag and baggage, and could scarcely find stand- ing room. A little more space, and a little less parsi- mony in the consumption of coal, was voted to be most desirable. Lounging forward amongst tiny school children seemed to have enjoyed like themselves a pleasant holiday. The commandant, Marau, and Carlos, each soon to lay aside his nomme-de-guerre were still chatty and jovial ; nor when they at length reached their homes in the dusty city, did they find any cause to regret their protracted Summer's ramble on the Coast. The Election at East Camden - From the Illa- warra Mercury of yesterday, we learn that several meetings of the friends , and supporters of Messrs. Osborne, Marks, and Owen, have taken place since Thursday last, at which the candidates were present, and that a severe struggle for the representation of this constituency is anticipated. 