CORRESPONDENCE. [We are not responsible for the opinions and statements of our correspondents.] ^ Sir,— I have just read the translation of the 'Pastoral Admonition,' addressed to the clergy, which appears in Wednesday's Freeman, and there upon I am prompted to break the silence which I have hitherto maintained in regard to the discussion between yourself nnd the Benedictines. The Pastoral is as distinctly the style and lan „— t,- «' '' urace me Archbishop, as if we heard the words of it uttered by him from the pulpit at St. Mary's. He was principally concerned and interested in the end which is proposed to be gained— the suppression of the Freeman's Journal. By His Grace was the case stated on his own behalf, as a party and a judge. By him.was the admonition written. He wrote it ; his two Right Rev. Colleagues endorsed it upon his authority ; and we, the laity, are at liberty to read it now with silent wonder or with outspoken indignation. Let me trouble you to reprint an extract. This ex tract contains the accusations upon which the clergy are exhorted by Bishops, ' whom the Holy Ghost has appointed to rule over the Church of God,' to lend their aid to the destruction of 'the Freeman's Journal; upon which excommunication is threat ened against you and certain of your correspondents, the same Bishops being ' ready to lend our assist ance even to making use of the Apostolic keys ? (which may God avert.)' ' The following is thai fundamental extract l — ' The salvation of the Australian Province, whose guardianship we have received from the Holy Apos tolic See, compels us to be watchful that insolent and most foul liberty, which does not hesitate to commit to public print what each one may think concerning faith, discipline, authority, and ecclesi astical individuals, may not become more pernicious in proportion to its daily extension. For men of little wisdom invade the citadel of Zion, and corrupt the fountains of wholesome knowledge, for the des truction of the Christian community. They have become execrable in their undertakings j and, sitting in ambush, secretly draw forth their weapons from their quiver, with which, in the dark, they strike the upright and just. What is there however holy, who is there however unspotted his life, from whom they have refrained from using their insolent thoughts, and in opposing whom they have not sharpened their tongues like a sword. Following in the foot steps of Luther and other authors of heresy, they profess the greatest veneration towards the Church, and still raise their voices and write in various ways concerning abuses and shortcomings; they hold Bishops in honor, and condemn Episcopal rule. Moreover, what exceeds their comprehension, they dare, after their own fashion, to criticise in the pub. lie papers. The faith of the simple is scoffed at; they are desirous to penetrate every mystery con cerning the government of the church, and bandy questions upon most important affairs rashly, and to the great scandal of the faithful. The errors of the Synod of Pistoja, already condemned by the Holy See, are renewed ; they strike again in the face our Lord Jesus in the persons of his ministers. These roaring lions, in their audaciousness, usurp every thing to themselves ; every thing must be ex amined ; every thing must be weighed by minds, perhaps, but lightly imbued with Catholic truth and discipline ; and nothing at all reserved for episcopal authority and the loving obedience of the faithful and confiding soul.' What the clergy are exhorted to do, and what the Archbishop and the Bishops threaten to do, at the foot of this farrago of accusations, is an act of the gravest responsibility that can well take place in the open daylight. It is a grave responsibility on the part of any influential person — and the more influ ential the graver the responsibility — to denounce the character and destroy the propertyiof any one ; still more so to invite to the work of destruction a whole class of influential assistants. The responsibility becomes magnified beyond measure, when the nature of the property to be destroyed, and the venerable rights which appertain to it, are taken into account. Were the Governor-General to invite, the myrmidons of the law to destroy the freedom of the press, what would be the measure of his responsibility t Yet the act of the Archbishop in the instance now under consideration surpasses, in the magnitude of its responsibility, the act of the influential private citizen, and tho act of the public, political ruler, in the case put by way of supposition. - ft comprises the responsibility of such acts as these two, and it overtops them in responsibility as high as the hea vens above the earth ; for here is a ruler who avowedly acts as the delegate of the Holy Ghost, in exhorting his subordinates to do the work of pecu niary and spiritual confiscation. I wish not to be mistaken. I am not disputing the Archbishop's right to the exercise of such au thority upon fitting occasions ; I am only stating the measure of his responsibility in the present instance. Now, tho language employed, and the style of it, is some evidence — and significant evidence, too — in determining whether the authority has been ex ercised upon a fitting occasion, or in a befitting manner. If dignity of tone and language should belong to all respectable authority, more especially to spiritual authority, most especially to spiritual authority on occasions of weighty moment and responsibility, what shall be said of the tone and language of this Pastoral Admonition, which, with elaborate feebleness, accuses of every crime, in a style of mysterious want of perspicuity — thunder without lightning, loud, airy, and impalpable ? The epithets are almost coarse. The language is positively abusive. From such a style of admoni tion this conclusion is irresistible — that it is not the authority of the Church which speaks, but only the anger of the Prelate. Again, it is only justice that the grounds of a man's condemnation should be certain and specified, in order that the accused may be afforded an opportunity of self-defence, and that people may not be expected to endorse the condemnation without an intelligible reason. But the man who is expected to answer such accu sations as are contained in the extract above quoted from the Pastoral Admonition, may as well hold his tongue and be for ever silent. For, what would it avail him to deny that he was ' a roaring lion,' a 'follower of Luther,' 'execrable in his under takings,' 'a sitter in ambush secretly drawing forth weapons, &c;,' and ' striking again in the face of our Lord Jesus,' or how could he undertake to disprove such a definite proposition as that 'nothing at all is reserved for episcopal authority, and the loving obedience of tho faithful and confiding soul.' Such a list of accusations is quite as un answerable as a charge of witchcraft, and you are as hopelessly, and as helplessly deprived of the power of self-vindication, as the direst hag that was ever condemned in the middle ages to expiate her diablery at the stake. It is impossible that it can be seriously believed that you are guilty of all the abominations laid to your charge, because the Freeman, in the exercise of its perfect right as a journal, has ventured to find faultwith the failings of our Benedictine ecclesiastical administration. We all remember how little sparing the Tablet was in its censures upon the Irish Bishops who were in favour of the Queen's Colleges, although they constituted a large and learned minority of the Bishops of the Irish Church, before the Holy See pronounced judgment upon the controversy. Many of us remember the hostility between a number of the Bishops of France aud the Catholio.newspaper, the Tinkers, and I believe that I am correct in saying that upon appeal to the Holy See the deci sion of His Holiness upheld tho rights of the journalist, and silenced tho denunciations of the Prelates. But now, I pray you, mark the distinc tion between tho Freeman and the Tablet and th'e Univers. The comments of the latter journals touched upon subjects lying very contiguous to matters of faith, and to matters of discipline essen tial to faith. The Freeman, far otherwise, touohes topics remote from any such contiguity, and highly mundane in their nature and characteristics. You complain that the Benedictine Abbey, with its obstructive discipline or obstructive modes of administration, repels the clergy of all other orders and denominations, and even forces them to qu!j the country — and all this, whilst the same Abbey is growing daily more and more delapidated, decayed, and mildewed. You complain that sacerdotal talent and eloquence are ostracised into the bush, in order to make room in the metropolis for a Bene dictine personification of wondrous stupidity and want of learning. You complain that a Catholic generation is growing up in the interior in a mental and moral approximation to a state of savagery. You complain that the funds of the Catholic laity disappear from their control in the building, for instance, of an underground monastery for the Benedictines, which turns out to be uninhabitable, whilst: no trace ever appears upon the face of the earth ofjthe coun try'churches intended to be built by thfe subscribers You complain of the want of episcopal visitations throughout the Archdiocese during the dry- nursing of one Benedictine conventual institution. These, and similar complaints, if they make you, sir, a 'follower in the footsteps of Luther,' must have, indeed, a startling effect ; there must then be a large multitude of practical Catholics following in the footsteps of that heretical personage. For not only are such complaints nearly universal amongst us, but we must of necessity complain, unless we are deaf, dumb, blind, and paralyzed. And it is for giving voice to those general com plaints that the Freeman's Journal is to be annihi lated ? I do not, for my part, wonder very much at such a determination. For when was prudence and moderation, when Opposed to public complaint or censure, a characteristic of a feeble and inactive domination 1 You remember how it hap pened in France, in the feebleness of its ancient dynasty. The wants of the people, long neglected, became at last a famine, and the clamor of complaint arose around the royal palace. The ruler, who was was powerless to cherish, was potent to punish. A few of the complainants, in view of all the rest, being suspended from gibbets fifty feet high, the causes of complaint were supposed to have been removed after the most approved fashion ; but the clamour of complaint came back notwithstanding the gibbet, and now it pervades the empty palace of the fallen dynasty. Circumstances alter, but the inherent qualities of human character survive. A famine of the soul and intellect has a voice of complaint, as well as a famine of the body ; and still it is believed, as of old, that the causes of complaint shall be re moved if we can only succeed in gibbetting from the pulpit a few of the crowd in a sufficiently con spicuous manner. To me it appears that no piece of evidence could be more significant than this, which Benedictinism is furnishing against itself in this proclamation of war against the Freeman's Journal. For it appears that the worth af its existence for nearly a quarter of a century affords no reliable silent answer to the faultfinding of a newspaper ; and it further appears that there is still so little work for Benedictinism to do here, upon this continent, as to afford plenty' of time for an unseemly warfare with a journal of only moderate ability ; and after all they are not able to vanquish so small an antagonist. I am, Sit, your obedient servant, A LAY CATHOLIC; Mr. Editor — On last Sunday morning, at nine o'clock, heing alone, arranging a subscription list for Relief Fund, I heard a rumbling noise fn the direction of Sydney from here ; in one minute after, a shock of earthquake, which lasted three seconds j after another minute, a greater rumbling, succeeded by a tiemor, which continued six seconds. Having my watch suspended near me at the time, and my attention attracted, you may rely on the accuracy of this statement. If you deem it worth publicity, you will oblige, yours, very truly, THOS. J. HYLAND. Moruya, June 29, 1858. 