VARIETIES. A young lady, with a foreign accent and rather eccentric manners, dressed all in white, with yellow boots, recently alighted at the Peterborougn railway station. Her luggage was addressed as follows :—"Her Divine Majesty, the Zion Holy Ghost, Empress of the Universe, Beloved Bride of Heaven, passenger to Siverdale, near Lan- caster." She stated that she was an angel from Heaven, and presented one of the clerks with a tract, Written partly in Latin, partly in French, and partly in English The costume of the "angel" reminds one of that adopted by the lady of La Salette, which consisted, according to the descrip- tions, of a white dress trimmed with a garland of silver flowers, a yellow silk apron edged with silver fringe, and yellow stock- gings, &c.; A young lady, who lately gave an order her miliner for a bonnett, said—'You are to make it plain, but at the same time smart, as I sit in a conspicuous place in church.' WHAT IS FASHION ?—An envelope for morality, presenting a beautiful and polished exterior, the appearance of which gives no certain Indication of the real value of what is contained therein. 'Why do you speak of me ? said an impatient man. 'Because it vexes you,' answered the other. 'Do not be vexed at it and we shall not take the trouble. Con- tempt of calumny takes away its sting, and even takes the honey from the calumniator. The Marechal d'Etrees, aged 103, heard of the deate of the Duke de Treame, at the age of 93. 'I am sorry for it,' said the marechal, 'but not surprised ; he was a poor worn out creature ; I always said that that man would never live long.' Some real lives do—for certain days or years—actually anticipate the happiness of Heaven ; and, I believe, if such perfect happiness is once felt by good people (to the wicked people it never comes), its sweet effect is never wholly lost. Whatever trials follow, whatever pains of sickness or shades of death, the glory precedent still shines through, cheering the keen anguish and tinging the deep cloud. I will go further. I do believe there are some human beings so born, so reared, so guided from a soft cradle to a calm and late grave, that no excessive suffering penetrates their journey. And often, these are not pampered, selfish beings, but Nature's elcct, harmonious and benign ; men and women mild with charity, kind agents of God's kind attributes. . . . . But it is not so for all. What then ? His will be done, as done it surely will be whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not.—"Charlotte Bronte. Fish.—The fish caught at Guernsey during the first year has been estimated at the value of £20,000. LAUNCH OF A NOVEL STEAM VESSEL.— A model iron strew steam vessel, named the Sea Serpent, has been launched from the Victoria Iron Works, Greenwich, where she was built on the plan of Mr. McSweeny —in three distinct sections or compartments which are held together by bolts eleven inches in diameter, the breaking strain of which is 100 000 tons. After launching, the vessel proceeded down the river on a trial trip, and answered exceedingly well. From the peculiar construction of the vessel, which is fitted with an engine of 10-horse power, she appeared to flit over rather than through the waves. As a free space is left beetween each section, and the bending of the joints allowed each com- partment of the vessel to work independently of the other, the section containing the engine can be disconnected with the utmost facility, and affixed to any other vessel re- quiring the temporary assistance of steam power ; and it is therefore, conceived that this class will be highly useful for the coasting and Channel trade of the United Kingdom, and that an unlimited field exists for the manufacture of these jointed sections which can be shipped and exported will facility to develope steam navigation upon the inland lakes and rivers of Australia, the East Indies, and other parts of the globe where vessels of light draught are requi ed. The 'Independence Belge' states that a young lady, living at Hanover, has been sentenced, by a court of that town, to pay a fine of two francs, "for having worn a dress which, occupying the whole breadth of the pavement, is an obstruction to the public way." 