GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. -.Mf» ADDRESS TO HER MAJESTY. THE following Address to Her Msjesty un tho Mar-1 riago of tho Princess Royal was adopted by thal Launceston Town Council on Monday laat: To Ham MOST GBACIOUS MAJMTT QUEEN VICTORIA. ' Wo, tho Mayor and Aldermen of the town ofLauneos. ton, in tho colony of Tasmania, beg moat rospcctrullj to ÄTtechmcntMOJe3t7 W' Although removed from tho moro immediate influence of Tour Majesty's Throne and Government, Your gubieeta in Tasmania at all timos mark with the deepest mteVeat the loading incidents, of Your Majesty's reign and their beanng upon the Notions of tho World in general. In no event of Your Majesty*, reign do we recognise to a fuller extent considerations so higlly calculated" undor Divine.Providence, to promote the Soppiness of Your Majesty a family and the pesco of all Nations than in th« recent matrimonial alliance between H.B.H Um Vr£"ZZ Royal and H.R.IT. «ho Prince of PruY.iT; ai, union'S must place on a moro firm and friendly footing an alliance with a powerful European nation ano! an old Md fiuS ally of Your Mojesty's Crown. """ We therefore roost rospoctfully tender Your Maiestv our sincero congratulations, and venturo to express a for vent hope that, under Divino grace, such aflumce mav croye a «rarle of lmpmnoss and consolation to You? Majesty and Your Majesty's Consort in your private ida! turns, and of peace and prosperity to all ¿»nklnd. over yr<1' MaJMt/B most dutiful «ubjecti, wiU ,?--+? VAXrATioir Eoixs.-If the ealculations of the Adver. tuertre, for on», correct^ too amounts for tho follS Districts aro as under, vu.:_Finmd ¿fflfl«ma"inTK Deloraine, £20,874 11s.; Wesibury.ïls 319 \¿?.fl^tl Town, £0,445 12s.; launceston/fetst» ' Qmv inÄÄUZiSt^^ ^Li/fTP Th0 "î" Vth . «»lind man knowla. "Scotch Jock," who wed to be wen nawkm«M*k« £ »K¡ PxopiRW VAXOATIOK AcT.-Tbe Govamor ;n Bxeoutive Council bas been pie..* £S'ft tin» fcr, completing.tU Kell.lund,, Vh« jiW*» Vacation Act lo the 14th instant, "°pwty holden < Mayor, _. ____ Works Committee the time for bringing up "the report setting the omnibus stands was extended for a week. With referenco to the applications of Mr. Button fot licenses M keep gunpowder in the magasines erected by him were considered, and the Publio Works Committee recommended the granting of the licenses on the certificate of Mr. Briton, City Surveyor, that thö magasinés were erected in'such a manner as to ensure the powder from danger of explosion, which having been read, the sugget, tiona of th* Publio Works Committee were adopted, Mr. Alderman Murdoch recommending that the City Surveyor should bo directed to visit the magasines periodically when he thought fit, and reportito tho Council the Btato in which ho found them on such inspection. The Council, on the recommendation of the Folleo Committee, ordered that £22 03. 3d. be paid to Sr. Benson ft* medical and surgical assistance granted to the constabulary since the transfer of this body to the Corporation, (Mr. Alderman Rheuben dissenting), Mr. Alderman Lipscombe giving notice of his intention to bring forward the question of the appointment of a Health Officer, and with respect to the attaching to that office tho duty in future of inspecting and attending tho police when required. Tho Council then went into committee on the bye-laws for the regulation of the New Slaughter House, broight up by gie Committee, appointed to frome them, and soon afterwards adjourned. H. M, BIUTHDAT.-The Governor has been pleated to direct that Munday, the 24th instant, being the Anniversary of the birth of Her Most Gracious Majesty, shall be observed as a holiday throughout the territory. At snnriBO the Royal Standard will bo hoisted at Mulgrave Battery, and the Union Jack at \ ount Nelson. At noon a Royal Salute will be fired from the Prince of Wales Battery, and the Troops in Garrison will fire feu-de-joie immediately after the salute in honour of the day. His Excel- lency has further been pleased to direct that the day shall be welcomed, as far as practicable, with the same honours in Launceston as are paid in Hobart Town on this occasion. His Excellency will hold a Levee at Government Cottage, Launceston, on Mon day, 24th May, at 2 o'clock, in honour of Her Majesty's birthday. Gentlemen attending the Levee are requested to bring two cards, one to be delivered to the orderly in attendance, the other to the Aide de-Camp on presentation. NOTICE TO CBOWH LICENSEES.-With reference to the Government Notice, No, 78, of the 10th June, 1857, the Commissioner of Crown Lands notifies that the Grazing Licenses therein referred to will be renewed for another year, on the following condi- tions: 1. That the fee be paid to the Colonial Treasurer on or before the 1st June. 2. That the ! lands may bo entered upon at any time for the pur- poses of survey. 3. That the lands will be open for sale. 4. That, in case of their sale, they may be resumed ou a notice of two months published in the Qazetle. The Government will engage, in tho cate of any lands which are sold within the year for which license is granted, to repay to the licensee the proportion of rent for the uncxpired portion of the Îcar, dating from the resumption of the land. The ¡conscs for lands let otherwiso than by public tender, and for which tha original period of license will shot tly expire, will also be renewed on the same terms, provided the fee be paid when due as heretofore. EESKIIVKS.-On the application of the Bight Bev. Bishop Willson, it ia proposed to reserve as a site for Church, Minister's House, and School, for tho Use of the Kunian Catholic Community, the allotment of land hereafter described :-Township of Bothwell (threo «eros or thereabouts), situato at the angle of George and Patrick-streets, adjoining land reserved for Church purposes. And also, on the application of the Secretary to the Northern Agricultural Society, it is proposed to icsei ve as a site for Cattle yaidi, bliecp-pens, and Buildings, necessary for tbs carrying oat of their exhibitions, the allotment of land heieafter described .'-Township" of Longford, Sa. 3r. 18p., bounded by Wellington-street, Lyttleton street, Latour-street .and Archer- sheet Tua ' TjHfcS.'- Of its history and its trophies we have not -paco to speak, nor indeed do we know enough. Wo have no introduction to the mysteries of Priiiting-House-squaro. We bave seen gentlsmen who enjoy among their friends tbe reputation of ' wiiting for the limes' though we question their claims to the honour. We have been assured that this article was written by Mr. Cranky, because his wif« Wai not invited to Lady Palmcrston's parties ; and that, because Mr. High bad obtained a Government o/Boe. We bavo observed-more, however.Bome years ago than at present-a kind of unity of style in the articles.as if they were written in somo COBOS by young men of talet t and corrected by an old band. In pat ticular, scarcely one leader used to be without a quaint application of Scripture phrasos. But, however this may be, of the goneial excellence and marvellous ability of the 'lints» thei e can be no uoubt. It has been censured as unprin- cipled-it has been termed demociatic; yet on tbe great questions of tho Church, of University education, aud many others, it has taken a sound and moderate line. It is lately personal-never immoral or irreligious. It forms a national taste for good English. Day after day it flings upon our breakfast tablet essays of transcend- ant merit. There are mon among the crowd in London who can write with tho norvo and succulence of Junius, with the pure English wit of Swift, with the aiijestio swing and exuberant fancy of Burke. Macaulay bis nothing more sparkliug, Berkeley nothing more beautiful. Gibbon nothing more ornamertei and epigrammatio than the leaders in the Times. We have read articles occasionally that were patriotic and thrilling as the speech of Pericles ; somo few-such as that on the con- firmation of the Princess Royal- which bad the gra- vity and piety of Hooker. It is something to rite above the slipshod of personal politics. It is some- thing to have the mind of the nation tinged with the colour of minda which bavo all the air of tbe but society that the human intellect can give. It is some- thing to read contemporary history, and to view gun tiona of the day as tbey are written by men who have learned to think from the great masters of antiqaity. Aristotlo, Pinto, aud Thayoidides crop out through the Times. Its essayists are generally men into the soil of whose intellect the leaves of ancient and modern lite- rature have rotted, and made it rich and teeming. It has been said of Captain Sterling that he first brought tbe Times into prominence by bis facility of 'reduciag into leaders the multifarious babblement of every day.' It must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle of passing events, gauged by immutable prin- ciples of experience. Grant that, if it often lesas, it sometimes follows publio opinion-grant that it is not always consistent-that it helps ministers into power whom it also assists to overthrow - yet it is msrvellont that such power should exist among us ; more mar vel'ous still that it should be brought together six days out of seven with unfailing punctuality.'The pro- verbial irregularity of tho sallies of genius is brought under the yoke. The editor is never at a loss through the indolence of a Steele, or the fastidiousness of in Addison, haunted by the ghost of some happier expression. The quantity is as surprising as tbe matter is generally excellent-DMin Univtriitt Magaeint for January. TUB INJOVOTIOX AOADJST THB COBPOIATIOW. The solicitors for the Corporation, Messrs. AUpoft, Hobarts and Allport, have been requested to instruct the Attorney-General to move for the dissolution o' the injunction issued by their Honors in banco to restrain the further proceeding of the works opposite to Mr. Salomon's boase, Murray-streot, occupied by Mr. Sargeant, until motion or further order, and toe motion, it is understood, will be made by the learned counsel before their Honors on Friday. Kaw ÂUCTIO»BBR.-Mr. B. H. Ivey, having taken the Auction Mart in Murray-street lately occupied by Captain Taylor, has announced his intention of co» mencing business as Auctioneer and Commit«** Agent, in a abort time, on those premises. NOBTB FauBtOEM KoAD DlSTBICT.-At B PUbliO mooting of the ratepayers of the North Pembroke Hoad DiBtiiot, held at the Spring Bay Hotel, Tria- bunna, on Wednesday, the 21st day of April, 18M, i» wag resolved that no rate should be made until wa Property Valuation Act should come into operation. The following gentlemen were elected trusteesj George Rudd, Prosser's Bay; Gordon Bürgest, Tria- bunna ; Henry James Vicary, Rostrevor ; Charl*» Allen Galt, Rosedale ; John Catties, Banwell. Wa aro »quested by W. A. Guesdon and Co. »o call attention to their general merchandise saw at tho Mart, Collius-street, on Friday next, tbe Uta instant, commencing at eleven o'clock prompt, con- sisting of a varied assortment of ironmongery ano hardware, glassware, assorted hollow-war», miwun», tapisca, arrowroot, hams, petted butter, white herrings» currants: also 101 bags raw' sugars, »'*.».£** brewers, ara, hope, tarpaulins, and rnnwUsneoBS merchandise, »nd for tbe Unefit of those eonae»«. one ease damipd saddlery. ^For toll particulars seo .ünilU» Malunna ('^ÉMB^à^MÏlkMri^fcattàlàsMMtaMaftMiMMkriBaa Da. GmmoBiix'i Nsw REHSDY «OB Comtnrjp-1 Mon.-We have before us in' the half-y«arly abstract ] of the Medical Sciences from July to December of last year (1857) an article (No. 20) on the proximate i cause and specific remedy of Tubereulatis, by Dr. J. F. Churchill, being an abstract which appeared in the Duofi» Hospital Gatetle of the 15th August last,-of a paper which was laid before the Academy of Medicina at Paria on the 21st of the preceding month. ' We perceive that the number of oases of phthais treated by the author amounted to 35 All were | either in the second or the third stage of the compliant, | that is, they had cither softened tubercles or cavities j in th« lungs. Of thsse 9 recovored completely, tbo physical signs of the diseasu disappearing altogether in 8 out of that number; 11 improved considerably and 14 died, 1 still remaining under treatment. The proximate causo, or at all events nu essentialcoudition of thetuberculnr diathe<is, ¿s tho decrease in the s-ysteraof the phosphorus which it contains iu an oxygenizablo stato, and Dr. Church- ill's specific remedy of the disease consist» of the use ! of a preparation of phosphorus (which we aro glad ' to perceive for the benefit of those comparatively few who-, . labour under consumption in this colony -'is in stock at Messrs. Macgewan und ' CO.'SÍ" Murray-street, in this city), 'uniting tho two coéditions of being in such a stat« j that it may be directly assimilated, and, nt the same | . time, at the lowest possible degreo of oxydation. The hypophnsphites of soda and lime aro the combi- nations witch hitherto seem best to fulfil these two | requisites - the - effect of these salts upon tho tuber- cular diathesis ¡B immediate, all the general symptoms of the disease disappearing with a rapidity which is really marvellous. They are certain prophylactics, and in their physiological effects have a twofold aotion ; 'on the one hand, thoy increase the principle, what- ever that maybe, which constitutes nervous force; and, on the other, they are the most powerful of j basmatogens, being infinitely superior to all medicines of that class hitherto known. INSOLVENT COURT. - Mr. Commissioner Browne | h«Id A Court this morning at the usual hour, at which au adjourned first meeting of creditors waa liol den in tho matter of the insolvency of Richard Dowling. The iufiolvent did not appear, and on tho application 'of Mr. Lees, who put in proof of the servico of the usual summons to attend, tho Commissioner directed a warrant to issuo against tho insolvent, and further adjourned the meeting for two months. An adjourned first general meeting of creditors and meeting ifor the appointment of a permanent assignee was holden in the insolvency of James Vincent Hughes. On the application of Mr. McMinn, an adjourned meeting for proof of debts was fixed and the meeting for discharge was also adjourned. Mr. Lees, solicitor, was appointed permanent assignee. An adjourned first meeting and meeting for hearing the application for discharge was holden in tho insolvency of Dominics: Conlon. Mr. Brewer, on behalf of creditors, applied for further accounts. The application was opposed by Mr. Leos, solicitor for insolvent, and, at the instance of tho assignee, the meeting for discharge was postponed to the 22nd instant. A first meeting of creditors was boldon in the insolvency of Henry Johnson, al which Mr. Johnson, Hobart Town, wine merchant, proved for £23, for goods sold ; Messrs. Phillips and Beck, merchants, for £23, ou a bill of exchange, and Mr. J. Patterson, Brewer, for £50 odd, also on a bill of exchange. Un the application of Mr. Lees, the first general meeting of creditors and meeting for hearing the application for discharge were fixed for this day fortnight, and the Commissioner then rote. APPOINTMENTS. - The Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr. Joseph Jackson, Chief District Con- stable of Westbury, Mr. Thomas Kidd, Chief District Constable of George Town, and Mr. James Jones, District Constable of Deloraine, to be Inspectors of Stock and Inspectors of Weights and Measures for their respective Districts, in succession to Messrs. Evans and Ross. 