. REVIEW. : -.V^.-l,:' . '(FromJjie Leader, May 8.) ' . ; ' V -' MR. FÓTtSTEU'S ES3AY3. ä Historical and BíográpUicalEssayai By JomrFonsTEn ? ? !2 vola.' Chapman'and Hall. The reader who expects to find, in these volumes; mere reprints of essays contributed tc Quarterly "Reviews.will be.-pleasurably disap pointed. Mr. Forster has now published,!foi the first time, two essays,' one of which, ai I least, will, take rank among the standard works of reference for. the history, of England during the seventeenth century. We refer to that: on the Grand Remonstrance. Of the historical essays,.indeed, only..one is a republication, and that has ?. been developed- hy .important.addi- tions. So far, Mr.. Forster is justified ? in claiming for tho contents of his first volume the character of original; contribution's to his- tory. Of the biographical essays, four have appeared in the Quarterlies, but ail have been largely. amplified and elaborately,revised, and, ns,Mr. Forster says, they were from, the first, not reviews in the ordinary sense, but inde- pendent biographical studies, illustrating the lives and works of favourite English writers .from a point of .view determined by,the author himself, and thus superior, in freshness, inte- rest, and. value, to:any mere .analysis of works upon a larger scale. " Tho many additions in tho ' présent publication," ' says the preface, " are meant to give to.the design greater scope and fulness." They are most considerable in the memoirs of- Foote and Steele, and in tho former particularly the picture has been ren- dered moró complete ' by citations judiciously selected, and accompanied by com- mentaries which provo; Mr. Forster Ito be almost ns much a master of the manners of the times as Foote himself. Tho biographical '. essays, we,. should remind the reader, treat of Daniel Defoe, Sir Richard Steele, Charles Churchill, and Richard Foote; tho historical, of thc Grand Remonstrance, tho Pluntagenets and Tudors, and the ;.Oivil Wars ánd Oliver Cromwell. Of tho historical, that on the Grand Ramonstrance is the most re- markable, and wo wish to direct especial atten- tion to the fact that they who read Mr. Forster's first volume will study in its pages a magnificent pnssago of English history which has never before beon presented to their observation. They, may. have read Lingard' and Hume, Clarendon and May ; they may have thumbed a score of modern compilations without know- ing what was that glorious Remonstrance which widened the foundations of English liberty, of how it struggled through Parliament during two. months of fierco and passionate debate. Those discussions in the House,' of Common» formed,"'perhaps, the most important series* of events? prior to the erection of the King's standard at Nottingham, and yet, as Mr. Forste? shows, they have been unaccountably slurred' over by historians. Not oven tho Grand Remonstrance itself is read pr known. Mr. Förster bias exhumed it from beneath tho mighty monumental dulness of tho Rushworth folios, whoro it had lain undisturbed for moro than two centuries-an obscurity to which Clarendon had deliberately consignod it, for Hyde was a garbler by instinct, and from his -falsified summary Humo nnd ethers h.ivo dorivod their imporfoct and misleading versions. Eight or nino linos in Hallam, and n dozen lines in Lingard, an incidental montion in Macaulay, nnd a para- graph in Disraeli, havo told tho living gonera. tion what it knows of tho Grand Remonstrance, and if wo turn to Godwin wo find that he has not a word to say oonaorning that foundation of a-new Magna Charta. Yet tho State Papor itself exists, BS it was signed and soalod on tho Westminster.Runnymedo, breathing tho fire of tho old Parliamentarians, ombodying tholroaso against the King, and constituting tho most authentic statement ever put forth of the wrongs endured by all classes of the English, people during, the first, fifteen .years of the.reign,of Charles tho First. Here it is, the most solid and unimpeachable justification of the great rebellion in existence. -It pictures the con- . dition of tho three kingdoms at tho time,when tho Long Parliament met? it describes the measures taken to redress remediable wrongs, and deal out penalties to the wicked ; it appeals . to the laws of tho realm ; it warns the nation against factious intrigues ; it rebukes political backsliders; it accuses the Romanising Bishops and the Papacy ; it calls upon the King to dismiss his ihtumous counsellors/and de el ires for the re- establishment of public-liberty, the rights of the Commons, tho. freedom1 and purity pf religion. At the same time it is a moderate and dispassionate appeal, though warm and rapid in its flow of argument, with "quick impatience of allusion," a minute sub- division of details, a "passionate reiteration bf topics.'1 Presenting the pith of this memorable» hilt half-forgptten document to the reader,1 Mr^ Forster also undertakes to1 render it intelligible, "For by the use of. manuscript records as yet - unemployed by . any writer or historian, it will be possible to illustrate the abstract to be1 given of the Re- monstrance, by on- account . of the debates respecting it in tire House of Commons, and .these with relation . ns well to- itself/ as to its antécédents_and consequences,, far more in- teresting, ^because moro minute, and, fäilliful, than any hertofore given1 to thc world." Ï Ànd what fe Mr. Forster's "The blurred and blotted manuscript pf,Sir^Simohd-piEwes, bound up -in-: five . volumes in the British Mtaseumy written often on- the backs- of letters, fragmentary, "irregular, often 511 but. illegible, and' now: and . then entirely so. . Certainly, the fae-similo ~accompanying tho' essay compels us to believe- that Mri Forster encountered' a most repulsive- , labour in .diciphering those- notes kept? in- parliament : by Simond1 D'Ewee, from lO-i0»tol'G*5V , . " Mr: Förster' has not only supplied a. full; and critical-analysis of the Grand Remonstrance, with an- accorant of tho circumstances under which? it was introduced and debated, but he has.: pointed1 most carefully and.suggestivelytbe s jenes in-tho House. of.Commons- during' that protracted- discussion, furnishing a striking con- trast with« tho parliamentary life of'thepresent day.. All this narrative has an interest-indeed a ' fascination- for..those ' wbo care- to ,. trace! tho vicissitudes of the English constitution- during the tempestuous epoch of the civil wars: What a singular state'of manners i's disclosed1 by the? anecdote of.an- unknown messenger bringing tc» the ... House. of Commons, ; for , Pym, , a letter . containing a piece;./. of fag that had- covered a' plague-wound, and designed-to touch him with the- infection, when ono member objected to another taking notes, when-motions were not permitted; to bo made in tho House of Commons aftèri-noon^ .when African- pirates swept the coast of Gprn i.wall,..commahded in some cascs by Englishmen j-Sir Francie "Verney .being supposed to-have ; established himself among tlie pirates of Tunta \\-when tho-French scoured the Severn and1 tho Dutch captured Bast Indiamen in tlie Channel, when Elizabeth Gottrel was condemned to-death. ¡for stealing.one of the King's dishes", when-the ! soap monopolists so adulterated their r fnonu fncture that they burnt the laundresses' fingers» and. when, during the.Irish rebellion, stripping, torture," mutilation, whipping, drowning,, star- vation-after th'e Persian fashion-and the dis- embowelling of women, were among-the pun- ishments infficted " by. Catholic fury upon Protestantism. As "Mr. Forster says, the his- torian Mayáis no- exaggerated or partial'writer, . and the Grand Remonstrance authoritatively bears out his declarations. Nb one Pan protend to -study in its complete- ness tho history of tho period just antecedent to the great rebellion'without carefully reading Mr. Forster's work-for a work of great research and ability it is-on the Grand Remon- strance. Ho describes the House of Commons as it sat in those days-tho chamber itself,, the arrangementof tho benches; tho clerks'spats, the Speaker's chair, the ' solemn, bearded, .puritan reformers,, the peoked and ruffed gentlemen, tho steeple-hats and Spanish cloaks; the swords and bands, the forms of parliamentary, proce- dure, and the progress of the debates. In whut spirit Mr. Forster writes may bo exem- plified,by a quotation of his.last sentence : "It was for late generations to enjoy what was thus toiled for so gallantly, and only> with in- finite suffering and terrible drawbacks won at last. But the leaders of the Long'Parliamont have had their reward in tho remembrance and gratitude of their descendants; and it will bede ill to the free institutions of England when honour ceases to bo paid to tho men whom Bishop Warburton truly characterized as tho band of greatest geniuses for Government: that, the world over saw leagued-together for one common cause." In a similar tono,-and with a similar intention, ho has.composed hi» brilliant "Skotoh of Constitutional History" on the Plantagenets and tho Tudors, including the reigns of the Henrys, I., Ht,.i'll., IV., V., VI., VII., and VIII., and Edward I., II., and III.-the race that left tho terrible legacy of prerogative and .tyranny to tho Stuarts- We need only add, that the admirable paper oh tho Civil Wars and Oliver Cromwell, suggested by- " M. Guizot's work, and originally published in the Edinburgh Review, has been enriched with additions, and improved by valuable refer- ences nnd'rovisions. ?" ? " ' SpEEOU-jtAH'No.-Who lina not known a pleasant party utterly dono for-ovcry olemont of its ploasant DOSS extinguished-by tlio demon of speoob.maklng throwing, its wet'blanket over it ? The interesting con- versation, the smartly maintained argument, tho quiok t repartee, tho good- humnurod badinage, all paralysed in ' a moment by somo unhappy speeoh.malier, who rises from bis olin ir like a ghost through . trap-doer, and in an unfaltering stolid voico asks permission ta proposa a toast I It in granUd, of coursa. Yoi« know that all ia. over-the blow hos bo n struck-enjoyment is lying, sprawling ander tbs tablp, dying or dead. You rnny na. woll take your bat and go homo disconsolately in tho. rain : you know what will follow. Yon know that tho. wrotoh is going to propose your host's health; you know all that n, orealuro 11 tho kind says ; ho is always siiro the toast ho ia about to give rcqulros no comment that its ohjeot requires no eulogluin from him to maka thom nil do thnt toast duo honour. All tho ooniroiinplnoa cont of oorapllroont is duly gano through, and tho dotioa of it is thal tho mattor don't end hero. Tho toastoo (thom is no lnw against coining words as against coln, ing half-crowns), is in duty bound to return thanks, willoh process ho performs by disclaiming terlatlm all tho Hut tm y lavished upon him, and tao often winding up by plastering it moro upon another, who in his turn ro peatB tho interesting operation. And so it goos round j the mania 'is as catching aa tho Bmall-pox. Evorybody propoBos everybody oise's hoalth. It would bo an insult given to loavo out anybody-received, to bo loft out by. everybody. ; Conversation, amusing or instruotivo, «Ivos plnoo to a vapid round of compliments, neither instruotivo, amusing, nar sincere. You no roora mean what yon say when you malia an ordinary buttering after-dinner speeoh than you do what you writo wljon you finish a latter with "yourmost obodiont sorvont.f and address it to a follow whom you moan to hick, ihü first timo you aaa oatub ulm. -New Monthly I Magatlnt, 