THE MEMBER FOR THE OVENS. (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,—The following is a correct report of the speech of a gentleman in the Legislative Assembly, which I beg to hand to you for publication. In the meantime an entirely false version of the debate on the candlelight procession has become public. It is quite clear the subjoined is just what ought to have been said. The voices of the people — how sweet they ara—•upon the hustings; no nightingale has such charming tones as tho voices of the people can produce when raised in support of the aspirant to Legislative honors. Yes, oven within the sacred precincts of the Colonial Parliament play-ground, though they may out-bellow the bulls of Bushan into fits,-"-'their uproar is music to the ear when raised in favor of the Ministry of which I am Solicitor-Genoral; but when I am on the—I was going to say opposition—no—on tho 'twixt and between benches — when I am neither one thing nor the other, and not " the honorable gen- j tleman,1' but only plain J. D. Waddic, how different in my ears arc the sounds produced by those once musical larynxes—not all tho " .Moans, Dreadful groans, And shrieks of murdered ghosts," which once affrighted Orpheus; 110, nor the Chinese trying to frighten the man in the moon could strike such terror into my soul as those wretches who now howl outside. "The Upper House to let.—I suppose they'll say next that I should not be returned again for the Coffins. "Why that's flat treason. No, no, they daren't say that. Gentlemen,—In order to provide agains'. futuro attaeks, and further that the Russian guns lately presented to the people of Melbourne by Her Majesty bo mounted in Parlia ment-square, and loaded to the muzzle with law yers and black snakes. (No, no, from Mr. Bellows.) I move that the Melbourne United Hurdy-gurdy, Hot Saveloy and Sheep's Trotter, Association for the Dissemination of Horrible Noises, be called upon to open fire on the Square and clear it." In addition to this I should recommend that a telegraphic message be sent to Sandhurst for their great gun—the man in the glazed hat, who shouts Argus in Pall Mall. For besides to a great shout, he has a most peculiar, an irresistible voice—a cross between a rattlesnake and a cracked chirio not. If till other means should fail—this instru ment heading a charge of " Argus" boys, must put the most ferocious mob to rout, except they have put wax in their ears. Mr. O. Bannister, in rising to reply to the gen tleman who had just sat down—I must say that I disagree with him as to the necessity of doing anything so atrocious as is contemplated by tho motion of my learned friend. What, to wage a barbarous warfare against an unoffending people because they insist now on using the same privi lege which they used upon an occasion memorable in the annals of the colony. " Sir," said a leader of the Ministry at that time, " the people are not anxious that we should throw this Land Bill out ; they are not with you." " Sir," replied the honorable member for the Coffins, (having then the hope of a Solicitor-Generalship before him ,) " tho people are with us !—hearken to tkose shouts." There was triumph in his manner and in his voice. Then ho regarded tho voices of the people as a power which might serve his purpose —now he devotes them to destruction. " Lawyers and black snakes !" The gentleman hedges—he proposes a great good and a great evilwe must throw away the evil, and adopt the good. I call upon this honoruble House to confer a favor upon the country for which I feel certain it will not be uugrateful,—when wc firo a salute in honor of the royal marriage, let the learned gentleman liavo the honor of being in tho first sun. Do this, and save the country. After him fire off as many moro black snakes as you please—" the more the better." Thus, we may at once show our loyalty and— (Left* speaking.) I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, VOX POPULI. New South Wales.—Tim .Sydney papers, re ceived yesterday, announce that Wilkes, who was convicted of the murder of his wife and child, and sentenced to ho hung1, had been reprieved almost at the foot of the scaflbld. The circum stances had excited considerable, comment in the Legislative Assembly as well as out of doors. Tho prevalent impression seems to be that the government in deferring until tho very latest moment makiDg tho announcement to the conviet I that his sentence had been commutad, acted with 1 unnecessary eiuelty. -Herald I,.Trophies, of IVml-tA gentleman in Sandhurst lias received by tlie last mail some rather singular souvenirs of tlie Russian campaign, namely, some buttons off a Russian dragoon's coat, taken as-law ful •" loot" or " spoil" of war by one of the gal lant Enniskellins, who, as he staled, having cut up, the " inimy," took these (the buttons) as a remirn branec." Mu. Pollard's Choual Classes.—Another meet ing of the members of these classes was held yesterday evening at the Church of England school-room. Tlie number of pupils or members amounted to nearly thirty, and, from present indications, we have no doubt of yet hearing a very respectable Choral Society in Saridhurst. Tlie teacher liimse/f appears to possess a very happy method of imparting instruction to those under his tuition : and considerable aptitude to improve themselves, together with a natural musical talent, are manifested by many of those who have joined the class. Pigeon Shooting.—A shooting match at pigeons is announced to come off to-day, ft', twelve o'clock, at the Sandy Creek Hotel. We understand that a large number of birds have been provided, so that onr sportsmen will have a fair opportunity of showing their skill, while those who attend merely for the fan of the thing, will, no doubt, witness some good sport. Mr. White's Benefit.—We would call attention of all who are fond of Ethiopian minstrelsy to the fact that Mr. White, the well known delineator of darkie character in song, at the Shamrock Concert Hall, this evening strikes the banjo for his own benefit. We may remark that though this gentleman's forte is in the Southern States stylo of vocalisation,' he has won " golden opinions'' by his rendering some of the popular ballads of the day. We trust that his merits will be recognised on this his first and last appeal to a Bendigo audience, by a bumper house. Several old favorites will appear, among whom we notice the names of Miss L. Swannell, Mr. Leeman, and Mr. Small. Herr Seyler, a gentleman who has gained for himself some reputation as a violinist in the neighboring colonies, will make his debut before a Sandhurst audience. A most attractive programme has been provided by the beneficiare. The Railway Deviation.— The committee ap pointed at the rccent railway meeting, in the Junction Hotel, have been actively engaged in furthering the objects of the meeting, lenders have been sent in for the survey of the whole lien of deviation, which measures about seventeen miles from the Black Forest via Carlsruhe and Kyneton to the junction at Malmsbury. We learn that the cost of survey will only amount to L.300, and that the tender of Mr. Donnelly to that amount has been accepted. Subscription lists to defray expenses have been got up, and as, strictly speaking, there is no difference of opinion in respect to the superior advantages of the northern line, if found to be practicable and within reach, it is to be hoped that the movement will meet with that prompt and general support which the exigencies of the case demands.—Kyneton Ob ■ server. Chinf.se Immigration.—'The influx of large bodies of Chinamen is becoming a matter of such daily occurrence as to create no astonishment whatever. During tlie last week we have noticed large numbers of them (mostly fresh arrivals) pass ing through the town to the westward. The des tination of the great majority is, we believe, Victoria. We hear that great dissatisfaction is manifested by them respecting the additional taxation to which it is proposed to subject them. Many declare their intention of leaving this colony should such be the case. We learn that the num ber located on the Meroo diggings is upwards 'of 2,500.—Dathurst Paper. Nugget.—A beautiful nugget, very slightly interspersed with quartz, and weighing nine pounds, was on Tuesday forwarefcd to Melbourne by the Geelong branch of the Bank of Australasia. The lucky finders, know as Thornton and patty, had been long working at Mount Misery without any success. A quantity of small gold, weighing in gross some twelve ounces, was found in the neighborhood of the' nugget. We»-are informed that they have since possessed themselves of horse and dray, with provisions, with a view to- prose cute their raining pursuits for six months in the locality of their recent slice of luck.— Geelong Advertiser, Seriobs Case op Shootsnq.—A very tragica affair occurred at Back Crack, Daisy Hill, on Monday evening last. The following is the account we have received from a trustworthy correspondent:—A German,named E. H. Richter, was alone in his tent about six o'clock in the evening, when he heard footsteps outside. Ho called out to know who was there, and the only reply was a man tearing open his tent door. Richter rushed outside, and the intruder drew a revolver and fired three shots at him, all of which took effect, but he still managed to keep his feet, and shouted loudly for assistance. Some of the neighbors heard his cries, and the ruffian de camped. Richter was found to bo very severely wounded. Dr. Weir was scut for, but was absent from home, and Dr. Rose was fetched from Caris brook. Three bullets entered the body, one of which was extracted. The unfortunate man lies in a precarious condition, but there arc some hopes of his recovery. The police, with their usual alacrity, were soon on the alert, and Inspector Furnell, Detective Slattery, and Sergeant Fin nikin, arrested a man named John Skinner, alias Wvndham, on suspicion. Wo understand he hao been identified by the wounded man. He was brought up before tho Amherjt Bench, and re manded till to-day. He has been in the colony twenty-one years, and came out at the Govern ment's expense. The, German was known to have found a nugget some time back, and this was supposed to have been the inducement for the attempted sticking-up. Whilst on this subject, it is not out of place to remark the dreadful preva lence of crime in this district. Scarcely a week elapses without some deed of violence being com mitted. We attribute this in a great measure to the inadequate police forcc scattered throughout the immense district. Inspectors Furnsll and Hare are indefatigable in their exertions, but they aro not ubiquitous, and the forco at their disposal is quite insufficient for the due protection of tho district under their control. Detective Slattery renders them invaluable assistance, but one man is not sufficient for the purposes of the district. We should be glad to see the detective force increased, as we are convinced that it will be the only means of woediug from this district the rogues and nnhans with which it is infested, —Maryborough I Advertiser. 