FIFTH DRAINAGE DISTRICT. At a meeting of the Fifth District Committee, held at the Cambridgeshire Arms, Long Gully, on Tuesday last, 2nd November. Present-Sir. Harvey, Chair man, Messrs. Sharman, John Pigott, Buchanan, James Pigott, Curvosoo, Howe, L'radbury, Treasurer and Secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The Superintendent read his report upon the state and progress of the district. A long discussion ensued respecting certain portions of it, and great fault was found with those puddlers who had neglected to run their priva e channels into the main one, thereby en dangering the sides of the new channel, and in many cases overflowing it. The committee are therefore de temined to make an example of those who refuse to carry out the instructions of the Superintendent. The Treasurer informed them that there would be a balance at the bankers' to the credit of the committee at the end of the first quarter. It was therefore re solved that the money should bo devoted to those portions of the district mostly at the present time re quiring additional assistance. The committee will meet at the usual place on Tues day next, 9th November. GEO. J^RMAN, Secretary. IN consequence of a pressure on our space out report of the Ironbark Quartz Company meeting, several letters, and other matter must stand over till to-morrow. TOWN IMPROVEMENTS.-A new building in brick is about to be erected in Pall Mall, next to the Freemason's Hotel. We understand that it is intended for a shop.-We see that Bavne-street is being brought into something like order. A footpath on each side, and a good carriage-road is being formed and nearly finished. TERRITORIAL MAGISTRATE.-The name of .Adol phus Barnett is to be substituted for tliat of Anthony Barnett in the list of magistrates, gazetted on the ioth ult. BURTON'S CIRCUS -This is a great centre of attraction to the public of Sandhurst. Since the first night of performing, the place lias been extremely well attended and the audience have increased each night. The daring feats of Young Hernandez were last nightreceived with the most uproarious applause, which compliment they well deserved. Mrs. Yeatnan's gave the audience most successful proof of what practice is able to accomplish in regard to female equestrianism with the most perfect ease and grace. The acrobatic performances were different from those of the preceding evening, but -were equally surprising, and showed an amount of skill in the performers which nothing but a long devotion to gymnastic exercises could have given them. We must not neglect to notice the highly enter taining performances of the gentleman on the stilts who managed to keep his balance under the most apparently alarming cir cumstances. The ludicrous 'antics and funny sayings of'Ycanian's did iiot fail to keep the risible faculties of the auilienee in continual exer cise. The performances wound up with a panto mime entertainment, in which the greater portion of the troupe took part, and during which some very practical jokes indeed were played. We believe the company will not play again in Sandhurst until Saturday, as they intend paying a visit to the outlying townships. PORT CDRTIS.-The Wonga Wonga arrived from Sydney yesterday, with dates to the 30th ultimo. The Sydney Morning Kerahl had despatched another " special commissioner" to the Fitzroy goldfields, and from his communication, the lalest of which is dated the 25th October, it would appear that the Port Curtis " sell" was every day more transparent. The prospecting parties had in every instance been unsuccessful in discovering gold, and the Herald's correspondent concludes that at the expiration of a month there would not be 300 people remaining in that region. There does not appear to be much distress existing there. The Victoria, with the Arytii correspondent on board, had put into Sydney en route for Keppel Bay. The Timandra, from Moreton Bay to Port Curtis, had been wrecked, and the Grand Trianon had had a narrow escape.-Herald. SHAMROCK THEATRE.-The number of people assembled at the Shamrock Theatre says much for the continued attraction of the San Francisco Min strels. The first two sections of the programme last evening were devoted as usual to the vocal, instrumental, and saltatory performances with which the company usually entertain their audi ence. These were followed by what was denomi nated in the bills as a " Laughable Burlesque of Hamlet." The ghost was a very funny fellow indeed, sufficiently lachrymose to preserve the characteristics of a visitant from the " shades," but withal so intensely comical that before he uttered a word the audience were in a roar. Mine uncle and the Queen of Denmark were about as dismally hilarious as even the burlesque itself would allow of. Hamlet was an immense card, and performed the mock heroic to perfection. One or two local hits at the proprietor of the esta blishment, and a sly allusion to a very patriotic colonial senator noted for a successful theatrical career, a good series of " dodges," and a strong belief in the utility of camels, called down the applause of the house. The company intend "illustrating" some of the best known dramatic efforts of Shakespeare, which, if as well conceived us last night's production, will not fail to be successful. AMUSING LIBEL ACTION. -A most amusing ciise came off at the Bullarat Ciruuit Court on Friday last, between Mr. Baker, the Chairman of the Mining Board, as plaintiff, and a Mrs; Hanmer, an actress, as defendant. The alleged libel con sisted in the publication of a handbill announcing an imaginary performance, in which the plaintiff was to take one of the leading parts; also, in the publication of certain advertisements cautioning the public against paying money on defendant's account to the plaintiff. Damages were laid at L.500. The Solicitor-General and Mr. Combe were retained for the plaintiff, and Mr. M'Dermott for the defendant. It seemed tho plaintiff had acted as agent for defendant, and had received moneys for her, but they had disagreed, and tho lady took the course indicated above to avenge herself. The Solicitor-General explained the evident animus in tho publication of the play-bill and tho advertisements, and said it was quite clear that they had reference to the plaintiff. Mr. M'Dermott made a clcver speech for the defence, in which ho ridiculed tho idea of anything like a libel having been perpetrated. His Honor summed up at length, and the jury, after a brief consulta tion, asked his Honor what amount of damages would curry costs. His Honor thought one far thing would do so. The Solicitor-General thought it must be over L.10. Eventually it was ruled that 40s. would do so, and the jury returned a verdict for tho plaintiff) with 409) damages! 