THE MUSICIAN'S MARRIAGE. After having passed the summer in visiting the principal towns of Germany, the celebrated pianist Liszt arrived at Prague in October, 1856. The day after he came his apartment was entered by a stranger—an old man, whose appearance indi- cated misery and suffering. The great musician received him with a cordiality which he would not, perhaps, have shown to a nobleman. Encouraged I by his kindness, his visitor said "I come to you, sir, as a brother. Excuse me if I take this title, not- withstanding the distance that divides us ; but for- merly I could boast some skill in playing on the piano, and by giving instructions I gained a comfor- table livelihood. Now I am old, feeble, burdened with a large family, and destitute of pupils. I live at Nuremberg, but I came to Prague to seek to re- cover the remnant of a small property which be- longed to my ancestors. Although nominally suc- cessful, the expense of a long litigation has more than swallowed up the trifling sum I recovered. To- morrow I set out for home—penniless. "And you have come to me? You have done well, and I thank you for this proof of your esteem. To assist a brother professor is to me more than a duty—it is a pleasure. Artists should have their purse in common ; and if fortune neglects some in order to treat others better than they deserve, it only makes it more necessary to preserve the equi- librium by fraternal kindness. That is my system ; so don't speak of gratitude for I feel that I only dis- charge a debt." As he uttered these generous words, Liszt opened a drawer in his writing case, and started when he saw his usual depository for his money contained three ducats. He summoned his servant. "Where is the money ?" he asked. "There, sir, replied the man, pointing to the open drawer." "There ? Why, there is scarcely anything !" "I know it, sir, if you please to remember I told you yesterday that the cash was nearly exhausted." "You see my dear brother," said Liszt, smiling, "that for the moment, I am no richer than you, but that does not trouble me. I have credit, and I can make money start from the keys of my piano. However, as you are in haste to leave Prague and return home, you shall not be delayed by my present want of funds.'' So saying, he opened another drawer, and taking out a splendid medallion, gave it to the old man. "There" said he, that will do. It was a present ; made by the Emperor of Austria—his own portrait set in diamonds. The painting is nothing remarka- ble, but the stones are fine. Take them and dispose of them, and whatever they bring shall be yours." The old musician tried in vain to decline so rich a gift. Liszt would not hear of a refusal, and the poor man at length withdrew, invoking the choicest blessings of Heaven on his generous benefactor. He then repaired to the shop of the principal jeweller in the city, in order to sell the diamonds. Seeing a miserably dressed man anxious to dispose of magni- ficeut jewels with whose value he appeared unac- quainted, the master of the shop very naturally sus- pected his honesty ; and while appearing to examine the diamonds with close attention, he whispered a few words in the ear of one of his assistants. The latter went out, and speedily returned, accompanied by several soldiers of police, who arrested the un- happy artist, in spite of his protestations of in- nocence. "You must first come to prison," they said, "afterwards you can give an explanation to the magistrate." The prisoner wrote a few lines to his benefactor, imploring his assistance. Liszt hastened to the jeweller. "Sir," said he, "you have causad the arrest of an innocent man. Come with me immediately and let us have him released. He is the lawful owner of the jewels in question, for I gave them to him." "But, sir,'' asked the merchant, "who are you ?" "My name is Liszt." "I don't know any rich man of that name." "That may be ; yet I am tolerably well known." "Are you aware, sir, that these diamonds are worth six thousand florins—that is to say, about five thousand guineas, or twelve thousand francs !" "So much the better for him on whom I have bestowed them." "But in order to make such a present, you must be very wealthy." "My actual fortune consists of three ducats." "Then you are a magician ?" "By no means ; and yet, by just moving my fingers, I can obtain as much money as I wish." "You must be a magician !" "If you choose I'll disclose to you the magic I employ." Liszt had seen a piano in the parlor behind the shop. He opened it, and ran his fingers over the keys ; and then seized by sudden inspiration, he im- provised one of those soul touching symphonies peculiar to himself. As he sounded the first chords, a beautiful young girl entered the room. While the melody continued, she remained speechless and immovable; then as the last note died away, she cried, with irresistible enthusiasm, "Bravo, Liszt! 'tis wondrous !" "Dost thou know him, then, my daughter?" asked the jeweller. "This is the first time I have had the pleasure of seeing or hearing him," replied she ; "but I know that none living, save Liszt, would draw such souuds from the piano.'' Expressed with grace and modesty, by a young person of remarkable beauty, this admiration could not fail to be more than flattering to the artist. However, after making his best acknowledgments, Liszt withdrew in order to deliver the prisoner, and was accompanied by the jeweller. Grieved by his mistake the worthy merchant sought to repair it by inviting the two musicians to supper. The honors of the table were done by his amiable daughter, who appeared no less touched at the generosity of Liszt than astonished at his talent. That night the musicians of the city serenaded their illustrious brother. The next day the nobles and most distinguished inhabitants of Prague pre- sented themselves at his door. They entreated hhu to give some concerts, leaving it to himself to fix any sum he pleased as a remuneration. Then the jeweller perceived that talent, even in a pecuniary light, may be more valuable than the most precious diamonds. Liszt continued to go to his house, and to the merchant's great joy, he perceived that his daughter was the cause of these visits. He began to love the company of the musician, and the fair girl, his only child, certainly did not hate him. One morning, the jeweller, coming to the point with German frankness, said to Liszt :— "How do you like my daughter ?" "She is an angel." "What do you think of marriage ?" "I think so well of it, that I have the greatest pos- sible inclination to try it." "What would you say to a fortune of three mil- lion francs?" "I would willingly accept it." "Well, we understand each other. My daughter pleases you, you please my daughter. Her fortune is ready ; be my son-in-law." "With all my heart." The marriage was celebrated the following week. And this, according to the chronicles of Prague, is a true account of the marriage of the great and good pianist Liszt. MR RUSKIN AND HIS VOCATION.—Candidly, we cannot help suspecting that Mr Ruskin, not- withstanding all his ingenuity and extraordinary activity of thought, all his powers of description and analysis, has not quite hit upon his proper vocation. His foremost and prevailing gift we take to be a brilliant but excitable and eminently fugacious fancy, such as is ever prone and precipi- tate to give its own high colorings, from vehe- ment likings and dislikings, and to start away from the object professed to be contemplated, into its own airy regions ; a quality, when predomi- nant, fatal to just criticism, whose office is, of course, to present things as they are in them- selves, apart from these subjective or modifying influences. Yes, "Memoirs of my Fancy," we venture respectfully to submit once more, would have been better, or, perhaps, "Fra Giovanni's Pilgrimage," in which these free sallies and roar- ings of the mind would, in their more successful instances, have possessed a pure and unalloyed value, being modestly submitted as such, and not as descriptive criticism authoritively promulgated as from a judgment- seat, to exalt one man and condemn another. An awful act, this last, not to be ventured on so lightly : and if done coarsely or wildly, as offensive, no doubt, to the illustrious spirits of those bepraised as to those censured, as Tintoretto's ghost may hereafter, in the other world, prove to his eulogist, by asking him why he doomed his unfortunate works to disappoint everybody.—Art Journal. 