MINING INTELLIGENCE. From the " Bendigo Advertiser. " BACK CREEK.—A rush has taken place within the past few days between the Bridge and Williams's store. The sinking varies from twelve to fifteen feet in depth, but few holes have been bottomed yet. Those engaged at work seem sanguine as to the result of their labor. There are about fifty men em- ployed, so that in the course of a few days, we shall be in a better position to speak of the finds. We have also to notice the introduc- tion into this district of a six horse power portable locomotive steam pud- dling machine, erected between the Ship and Retreat Inns, the property of Messrs Black and Blair, which will be ready for operation in a few days. The intention of the proprietors is to puddle the old workings from the top to bottom; and from appearance they mean going to work in a permanent manner; that is, if we can judge by the dwelling house and other conveni- ences erected by them near their engine. TYSONS REEF.—The claim holders on this reef, consisting of the Adelaide Company, the Germans (late Laing, Brown, and Co.,) have, in consequence of their claims being flooded, co-operated together and purchased a pumping engine, which will very shortly, be put to work at the Adelaide Company's shaft, that being the lowest one, and we trust ere long to hear of some beneficial results. The engine is a portable one, built by Barrett, Exall, and Co., of Reading, tubular boiler, and can be worked up to eiight-horse power if necessary. The pump, which will be used with it, is on the double action principle, giving ten gallons at each revolution, that is, five gallons with the up, and five gallons with the down stroke, and is calculated to be equal to throwing 6000 gallons per hour. Some other piping and other necessary gearing has yet to be procured from Melbourne which we undertstood will shortly be on the ground, when the engine will be started. As it is supposed that the en- tire making of the three claims is not over 1000 gallons per hour; it is pro- posed to connect the engine with a set of stampers, &c.;, and thus make use of the surplus power. DRAWING FOR THE NIL DESPERADUM NUGGET-—The third drawing for this celebrated nugget, value L.2200, came off yesterday at the Montezuma Theatre as announced. It was presided over by Mr. Fitzpatrick, J. P., and Major Wallace, and conducted in the same manner whirh has characterised the pre- ceding drawing, given satisfaction not only to the lucky winners, but even to the defeated ticket holders—the perfect fairness and impartiality of the entire proceedings being apparent. At eleven o'clock the gentlemen already named commenced counting over the tickets, which operation having been got through and everything properly arranged, the two Misses Wiseman, who had been similarly engaged on the previous occa- sion, began the drawing. Scarcely had an hour elapsed before the prize turned up. The lucky number was 698 and was won by Mr. Antonio Lepaz, a wellknown frizzeur living next door to the establishment of Messrs. Meyer and Ellis, the proprietors of the nugget. Along with Mr Lopaz are three other partners one of whom is a young lad in his own employ, and the other two are men. Fortune, as far as this valuable prize is concerned, appears to favour, not the rich and the wealthy, but the hardworking and industrious, as the winners on each occasion belong to the latter class. The winners have, with commendable generosity, given 140 to the hospital and £10 to the young ladies engaged in the di awing. They also " shouted," we are informed, " for all round," and as the theatre was very well filled, the shout has cost them some thing about £30. The nugget has been re-purchased by Messrs. Meyer and Ellis, and will be again offered as a prize, a very general wish that effect having been expressed by the persons assembled at the drawing. Bal- laarat Star. ACCIDENT FROM A FALL FROM A HORSE.—We regret to learn that Miss Simson (sister of Mr Hector Simson of Charlotte Plains) met with a distressing accident from a fall from her horse, on Wednesday last whilst riding through the town of Carisbrook. She was much hurt and one of her arms was broken. She was conveyed to her brothers rese- dence, and Dr. Rose was speedily in at- tendance. We understand his patient is going on favorably.—M and D Advertiser. FIRE AT SPRING HILL.—The barn of Mr Benjamin Hepburn, a farmer reside- nig at Spring Hil, Creswick, was totally destroyed by fire, with its contents, be- tween eleven and twelve o'clock on Mon- day night. The barn was of a very large size and at the time of the fire was completely filled with corn, the product of last harvest. The fire is presumed to be the work of an incendi- ary. A Malay is in cusody charged with the offence. He was seen to run from the barn five minutes after the fire was discovered, and had previously threatened to set fire Mr Hepburns prem- ises, in consequence of his having been discharged by that gentleman for his mis- conduct, from his employment, in which he had been for some time. Ballaarat Star. SIGNES OF THE TIMES.—The history of aEngland is every day becoming more and more that of its middle class, and the ?ate of England 's in a constantly in- creasing treasure involved in the main- tenance and increase of its characteris- tic virtue. But in the spite of India heroism, there are signs, not to be mis- taken of degeneracy and debasement to be discerned in its recent history. An eager lust of money, a taste for lux- ury and display, an admiration for a lav- ish expenditure, a contempt for economy and thrift, a strange and inexplicable tolerance of the crimes of commercial men, a disregard of what may be called the minor moralities of life, above all, a lack of public spirit and a mean adula- tion of successfully audacity at home combine to create in the breast of all thoughtful men an anxious fear which not even the recent history of Indian herism has been able to allay. A middle class given over to luxury, extravagance, and display, and an aris- tocracy so blind to its true interests as to suffer the intruson into the very Cabinet and counsels of the Queen of such a specimen of its order as has been lately chosen by the Prime Minister to lake the place of a most uptight and re- spected nobleman, may well alarm us for the future of dear old England. If this is a fair specimen of the appoint- ments which we are to expect when the scequre of India has passed from the middle class to the aristocracy of Eng- land, a child may foretell the issue of the next great Indian mutiny. —-Fraser's Magazine for Febuary. SINGULAR FACT.—The Tarrengower Times, in the following paragraph, states the singular fact that notwith- standing the late rains the springs in that neighbourhood have dried up:—" During the last four days not a drop of water has been procurable at the springs by the water carriers, and the public who were dependent on. this supply have been put to the greatest incovenience. It is singular that, in spite of the late rains, the quality of water at this place should not have increased; but, on the con- trary, immediately after the rain, which fell about a week or ten days ago, the springs were lower than they were even last Christmas. This fact ought to stir up the people of Tarrengower to agitate, and obtain a water supply, which, of all our requirement, is one of the greatest, and which, if the muni- cipality is formed, should one of the very first public works they should for." PRIZE FIGHT AT ARARAT.— Our Ararat contemporary devotes two columns to a minute description of one of these exhibitions, to witness which all Ararat appears to have turned out. The fight was between two men named Joe Kitchen and Dan Timmins for £600. An immense amount of money was also invested, the first man being the favorite. To use our contemporary's expression, Dan Timmins' eyes were bunged lip at the 4th round; at the 5th he received a blow behind the ear that stupified him ; and on the con- clusion of the 17th round Joe Kitchen was declared the victor, to the im- mense delight of his supporters.—"M and D Advertiser." ASSOCIATION FOR THE PREVENTION OF HORSE AND CATTLE STEALING.— Many of our readers will perceive with much satisfaction that a society is about to be established in Yass in order to endeavour by some means to prevent the theft of cattle and horses—a crime which prevails to a very great extent in these districts—indeed, in nearly every part of the colony. We hope that such an Association will succeed in diminish- ing the prevalence of the offence, although not having seen the proposed rules and regulations we remain unacquainted with the means to be employed. It will be seen from our advertising columns, that a meeting of gentlemen interested in the matter has been con- vened for Thursday, the 24th instant, to be held in the Court-house here. We trust that some of those who attend will remember a suggestion we ventured to make then last referring to this subject, namely, that an Agricultural Society and the one now proposed might be very beneficially united.—Yass Courier, DECIMAL CURRENTY IN CANADA.— By the adoption of the decimal curren~ cy, which comes into operation on the 1st of January, 1858, Canada has re- lieved herself from the anomaly of having a different currency to any other country and we are now glad to perceive that here is a probability of another equally inconvenient anomaly under which the North Americal pro- vinces have long laboured, being done away with—we allude to the want of a specie coinage, which has hitherto been supplied by British or American money, which from the different stan- dard of currency, involved great incon- vience, especially to new comers. It is stated that Mr. Wynon, the designer for the Royal Mint, has been engaged to furnish designs for a Canadian silver currency of dollars, halves, quarters, and eights of dollars. The coins, it is understood, will bear Her Majesty's head on e side, and a wreath of maple leaves, encircling their value, on the other,—"Canadian News" PROGRESS IN SIAM.—Siam, with its two kings, appears to be making rapid progress in the arts of peace since those twin potentates established friendly re- lations with European civilization. A commercial circular from Messrs. Wil- liams, Arthur, & Co., dated 20th March, 1858, which has just been handed to us, contains some interesting information on this head. It appears that a considera- ble quantity of machinery had imme- diately before the date of the circular been imported from the United States, comprising, among other things, twelve single cylinder and four double cylinder steam-engines, for steamboats, furnish- ing in the aggregate 154 horse -power. This machinery would complete and set in motion seven paddlewheel steamers, five screw propeller steamers,one circu- lar saw-mill, one upright saw-mill, and one rice-cleaning machine. With the exception of a steam-engine to work a printing press belonging to an American resident in Siam, all of this machinery was imported to the order and for the use of enterprising Siamese. Four of the steam-engines were for the First King, one for the Second King, and ten for the Siamese nobility. From the same source of information we learn that "the Burmah village just above Bangkok has become the property of foreigners, and European merchants are clearing the ground preparatory to building. Considerable attention has also been drawn to a rice district, called Put- chubari, and parties are prospecting the country with a view to obtain rice in greater quantities and on more favoura- ble terms than now furnished by the small native boats." Things are certain- ly looking prosperous in Siam. ATROCIOUS CRIME IN FRANCE.—It would appear that crimes of more than ordinary atrocity are becoming unusually frequent in the country towns of France. A young man named Guignard mur- dered his father and two sisters in the beginning of the last month for the sole purpose of robbing the house. He was brought to trial on Saturday last, and it was proved in evidence that the father of the murderer was an industrious shopkeeper, in the small town of Beau- mont, in the department of the Cote d' Or. He was a widower, having three daugh- ters and one son, whom he had carefully educated. One of the daughters was fortunately absent on the night of the murder, on a visit to her grandmother. The son, on, on the night of the 1st of February, armed himself with a hatchet and murdered his two sisters in their sleep, mutilating their bodies in a hide- ous manner. He then drank some brandy, and murdered his father in the same manner. He next plundered the house of everything valuable, and fled. He was shortly afterwards arrested, tried and sentenced to death. A thrill of hor- ror ran through the court at the descrip- tion given of the mangled corpses of the father and the two daughters, while the prisoner at the bar was perfectly un- moved. TRAVELLING IN NORWAY.— My beard, moustache, cap, and fur collar were soon one undivided lump of ice. Our eyelashes became snow-white and heavy with frost, and it required con- stant motion to keep them from freez- ing together. We saw everything through visors barred with ivory. Our eyebrows and hair were as hoary as those of an octogenarian, and our cheeks a mixture of crimson and orange, so that we were scarcely recognisable by each other. Every one we met had snow-white locks,no matter how youth- ful the face; and whatever was the color of our horses at starting, we al- ways drove milkwhite steeds at the close of the past.—"Bayarb Tayior," SPICY CORRSEPONDENCE.—A TRUE WIFE. —We are assured by a friend, who is person- ally cognisant of what he states, that the fol- lowing piquant correpondence is genuine. A gentleman whose business calls him a good deal from home, is accustomed to give the custody of his correspondence to his wife, an intelligent lady, who, in obedience to instruc- tions, opens all letters that come in her hus- bands absence ; answer such of them as she can, like a confidential clerk, and forwards the rest to her liege lord at such places as he may have designated at his departure. During a recent absence of her husband, the lady re- ceived a letter, of which the following (omit- ting names, dates, and places) is a true copy : —" My dear Sir,—I saw a fine picture of you yesterday, and fell in love with it, as I did with the original in W——last winter, when I saw you more than an hour, though I sup- pose you did not know me among so many. I fear you will think me forward in thus ad- dressing you ; but I trust you are as noble and unsuspecting as you are handsome and brilliant. Perhaps you would like to know something about me—your ardent admirer ! Well, I am not very good description, but I will say I am not married (though you are, I am told). My friends tell me I have not a pretty face, but only a good figure. I am rather " petite," have black eyes, black hair, and a dark complexion—that is, I am what is called a 'brunette." I am stopping for a few weeks with my brother-in-law and sister in this town, and I dearly wish you would meet me there before I return to W ——. At any- rate do not fail to write me at least a few words to tell me whether I shall ever see you again, and know you more intimately . For- give my boldness, and believe me, your friend. ———" To this letter the wife, who, by the by has not the least knowledge of the person to whom she was writing, made the following answer :—"Mademoiselle,—Your letter of the—instant, addressed to Mr.—— was duly received. Mr.——,who is my hus- band , directed me, when he left home some days ago, to open all his letters, and to answer any of them that I conveniently could. As you seem to be rather impatient, I will answer your letter myself. I happen to know that he dislikes dark eyes, and hates brunettes most decidedly. It is quite true (as you seem to suppose) that he judges of woman as he does of horses ; but I don't t think that your inventory of your 'points' is complete enough to be satisfactory to him. You omit to men- tion your height, weight, wind, speed, and [here the world is illegible]. Taking your charms at our own estimation, I doubt whether they will prove sufficiently attractive to draw him so far as B—— merely for the satisfaction of comparing them with the schedule. You say you trust my husband is 'unsuspecting.' I think that his nature ; but yet he is used to drawing inferences, which are sometimes as unkind as suspicious. You say you are unmarried. My advice to you is that you marry somebody as soon as possible. In most cases I would not recommend haste ; but in yours I am convinced there is truth in the proverb which speaks of the danger of delay. Should you be so fortunate as to get a husband (which may God mercifully grant), my opinion is that, you will consider any woman who should write him such a letter as this of yours impertinent, and, perhaps, im- modest. I will deliver your note to Mr. ——." when he returns, and also a copy of my reply which I am sure he wili approve. I am, with as much respect as you permit MRS.——." This was the end of the correspondence.— " Boston Post." COMANCHE FEROCITY.—A gentleman of the family of Lopez, in Durango, was proprietor of an extensive estate in the neighbourhood of that town. He was in the habit of tak- ing drive to it in company of his wife and family, as the distance was short, and danger had never shown itself in that direction. Precautions, such as an armed escort were thus soon abandoned, and as no accident ever gave warning of need for them. One day he was returning to town in his carriage with his wife, his sister-in law, his little son and a single servant, who acted as coachman. He had arrived at the Cevro Mercade, only a mile distant from Durango, when the carriage was suddenly surrounded by a party of In- dians. He must have read the awful fate pending over him and his companions in the horrid conntenances that surrounded the carriage; or his powers of moving a limb seemed to be paralysed. Not so the coach- man; somehow or other, he managed to escape; but, all at once struck with remorse at his flight, he retraced his way so far as to become a spectator of the dreadful scene that ensued. He said afterwards that a fascination came over him at the sight of what was enacted ! that although his heart sickened to turn away his eyes he found impossible, and his feet seemed to be rooted in the ground. The first victim of the fury of the indians was Mrs Lopez sister in law. Half dead terror, she was dragged from the carrige and violated. When the heartless savages laid hands on Mr Lopez's wife, her piercing screams nearly moved the cowardly coachman to rush to her assistance ; but he saw her husband inactive, sunk in the stupor of despair, so he remained inactive to. Their first crime perpertrated, the ferocity of the Indians was next indulged. Both women were scalped. During this time the In- dians attempted nothing against Mr Lopez ; they only kept a strict watch upon his motions. The cause of this forbearance was certainly not a feeling of mercy ; more likely was that refined cruelty. Now a tall ??? approaches, and stretches his hand to seize the boy, who had crept under the carriage seat. The boy cries "father help !" This cry seem to electrify Lopez. The cries of his wife had not been able to rouse the husband ; but the childs wail arouses the father. He seizes a double barrelled gun— his only weapon. One shot scatters the brain of the tall Indian, and the boy creeps to his fathers feet. A second shot lays low the foremost of a crowd that now over whelm father and. child. At the this coach- man fled, and arrived in Durango, to distract with his tale the remaining relations of the family and the whole town of Durango. But when pursuit was made, the pursuers found only the four corpses, mutilated to such a degree that they scarcely distinguish the hus- band from his wife or sister-in-law ezcept by the size of the bloody heaps. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH ENG- LAND:— We glean an interesting fact in re- lation to the projected line of telegraph to connect Australia with Europe by way of India from the circular of a commercial house at Bangkok. The circular is dated 20th March, 1858. The closing paragraph is as follows :—" We note the right ceded by the Dutch Government in January last to an English Company to run telegraphic wires from Singapore to Java, thence to Australia, to be completed within four years, and doubt not the Siamese would, at their own cost, lay a line from this to Singapore. " It would appear from this that the project, has not been abandoned, although we have heard nothing of it for considerable time. The realization of this bold idea is merely a ques- tion of time, but we are not quite sanguine enough to anticipate the completion of the great wives within four years from January last. We are, however happy to note indica- tions of the activity which will ultimately confer inestimable boon upon us.—"Adelaide Observer." CHINESE MEDICAL PRACTICE.—Last week an inquest was held at Bendigo, on the body, of a Chinaman. The face of the deceased when viewed by the jury, presented a peculiar aspect, from been cauterised and painted with some red pigment. A Cheum, a Chinese doctor, made the following strange statement: — He had been practising in China about seven years, and for about two years and a half on Bendigo. He had called to attend the deceased en the previous Friday, and found him suffering from fever. He had pre- scribed for and treated him according to the Chinese fashion, that is, by burning his fore- head and chest, and then rubbing the cauter- ised part with red powder which he called red stone. The burning was done to remove the hotness from the parts applied to.- The powder was put on for cooling the parts. Finding the deceased got no better, he wished an European doctor to be sent for. Being questioned as to his knowledge of the curative art, he gave the following interesting account of medical education in China : —He said that he never saw a human body opened ; that his father was a doctor, and he had been his assis- tnt; there was no medical school in China, the knowledge was handed down from father to son ; that any one could practice as a doctor; the most successful man was considered the best doctor. With respect to the powder he rubbed the deceased with, it was administered internally in case of insanity. It was sprinkled on meat, which having been cookcd. was given to the patient. He exemplified his practice on the person of a healthy Chinaman, by taking a piece of rush saturating it with oil, lighting it, and applying it to the forehead of the experimentee, and stated that, if a man were in bad health, it would give a loud crack. He also stated that rubbing of the red powder was very efficacious in driving aiway the devil from the sick person— " Ballaarat Times." HIGHLAND THIEVES.— Dugald MCCaul was a professed thief in the Highlands, and some- times took young lads into his service as ap- prentices to the same business. With one of these hopeful youths, who had recently engaged with him, he agreed one night to proceed upon an excursion ; the apprentice to steal a weather, and Dugald himself to steal kale. It was also agreed that they should, after being in possession of their booty, meet in the kirk-yard, were, they were pretty sure of not being molested, as it got the name of being haunted by a ghost. Dugald, as may well be supposed, arrived first at the place of rendezvous, and sitting on a gravestone amused himself until the apprentices should arrive with the weather. In a neighbouring farm-house, a crippled taiior happened to be at work, and the conversation having turned upon the story of the kirk-yard being haunted, the tailor boldly censured some young men present, for not having courage to go and speak to the supposed apparition, adding that if he had the use of his limbs he would have no hesitation in doing it himself. One of the youug men, nettled at the tailor's remarks, proposed taking the tailor on his stick to the kirkyard;and as the tailor could not well recede from what ht had said, off they went. The moment they entered the kirk-yard; Dugald McCaul saw them, and thinking it ws the apprentice with a weather on his back, he said in a low tone of voice, as they approached him, "Is he fat ?"Whether he be fat or lean," cried the young man, ' there he is to ye." and throwing down the tailor, ran off as hard as he could. On enter- ing the farm-house, to his utter astonishment, he found the tailor close at his heels ; intense fear having supplied him , with the long-lost use of his limbs, which, it is said, he retained ever after. NEW SOUTH WALES TELEGRAPH.—We understand that Mr. Cracknell, Superinten- ent of Telegraphs at Sydney, has had a branch wire laid from the head office in that city to his private residence, and as the lines in New South Wales are open night and day, he his enabled to communicate with any station at any hour. We understand that Mr Cracknell finds this very convenient, in order to ensure punctuality to the public. This plan might be usually followed here. Mr. Cracknell expects to open the telegraph to Albury in about four months.—" Adelaide Observer. " SERIOUS CASE OF SHOOTING.— A vary tra- gical affair occurred at. Back Creek, Daisy Hill, on Monday evening last. A,German named E.H. Richter, was alone in his tent at about 6 o'clock in the evening, when he heard footsteps outside, he called out to know who was there, and the only reply was a man tear- ing open his tent door. Richter rushed out- side, and the intruder drew a revolver and fired three shots at him, all of which took effect, but he still managed to keep his feet, and shouted loudly for assistance. Some of the neighbours heard his cries, and the ruffian immediately decamped. Richter was found to be severely wounded. Dr. Weir was sent for, but was away from home, and Dr. Rose was fetched from Carisbrook. Three bullets entered the body one of which was extracted. The unfortunate man lies in a precarious condition, but there is some hopes of his reco- very. Inspector Furnell, Detective Slattery, and Sergeant Finnikin, arrested a man named John Skinner alias Wyndham, on suspicion. We understand he has been identified by the wounded man. He was brought up before the Amhert Bench, and remanded till to day. The German was known to have found a nugget some time back, and this is supposed to have been the inducement for the attemp- ted sticking up. "M. and D. Advertiser." 