THE PERMANENT LEVELS. The last state of the dispute about the perma nent levels seems worse than the first. ' It' has brought the Couocil to a direct issue with the contractor, upon professional evidence, as contra-, dictory in its character as it well can be. Mr Harrison, the resident road engineer, is of opinion that ' the granite kerbihg is according to contract, and well executed, with but some few exceptions ; but generally it is very well executed.' Mr Purchase, the gentleman who was specially called from Melbourne to give his judgment upon the work, says, 'the granite kerbing is very defective in a great part of the portions fixed,' aud he would 'insist upon the contractor taking up the whole of the kerbing that is so badly done,' One report is dated May 27,. the other May 31 ; and as the work was suspended at least two days of that interval, it follows that the two authorities,, who have arrived at such different conclusions must havo inspected pretty nearly the 8am, amount of' work each. Mr Baker, the contractor will of course rhly on the favorable opinion of Mr Harrison ; while the Council will naturally cling to the report of Mr Purchase. . Who shall decide when doctors disagree? The two civil engineers, however, unite in condemning the chanuel pitching, as not. in accordance with the plans and specifications, 1 the stone used being very inferior to sample, and being also of bad qua lity,' .The judgment ol Mr Spencer in this re- spect appears therefore to be ratified. Mr Harri son has no hesitation in condemning this portion of the work ; and Mr Purchase would not ' pats ' it. In the battle between the contending powers, the progress of which has afforded material for a few paragraphs, and occasioned much public annoyance, the surveyor appears to have the best of it. It is only fair, however, to suspend final judgment until the hearing of the further appeal which Mr Baker makes to the Council. But how about the permanent levels? Mr. Purchase was invited to Castlemaine mainly for the purpose of reporting on the permanent levels, and setting our minds at rest on that subject. Has he done so ? He condemns the gutters. They are too deep, and they are too wide. Well, that is what everybody, except Mr. Spencer, and if we mistake not, Mr. Bagsbawe knew for sometimepast. The public needed no ghost from Melbourne to tell them that ; but Mr. Spencer's obstinacy— we beg his pardon, his scientific skill, his exquisitetheo- ries, in cuives, gradients, so confounded the Coun cil, that, though yawning chasms were being opened every day before their eyes, they believed in the Surveyor, and it hascost £50 to enlighten them by Purchase! But what about the permanent levels ? Mr. Purchase's reference to them bears the same proportion to the rest of his report that Falstaif s bread did to his sack. In six lines he disposes of the whole question that has so violently agitated us. But how? " I am of opinion (he says) that they (the levels and gradients) might, with ad vantage be considerably modified in various parts. The oreat obiect to be kent in view in lavioer down the gradients of streets in any town, being to secure the best gradient, and at the same time in jure the adjoining property as little as possible." This is precisely what has been urged upon the Surveyor's attention, ever since the work was commenced. But what has been his invariable reply? Has he not persisted in maintaining, by word of mouth, the integrity of the plans, and denied the possibility of improving them by al terations? And yet, has he not, in one very ma terial respect, and in some unimportant ones, made alterations ? Thus admitting in practice, what the public insisted on, and what Mr. Pur chase has proved — that the levels are capable of considerable modifications, by which better gra dients than he is working may be secured, and adjoining property sustain less injury than he wonld inflict upon it. Mr. Put chase has left us worse off than ever. He says that the levels may be considerably modi fied with advantage to the town. Why has he not shown us where ? What did he come up here for ? Why should he leave these modifications to be effected by a gentlemen who will not recog nize the " fitness of things," but neglects natural advantages, and ignores public convenience and benefit, in his deep adoration for pure science? Mr. Purchase was invited, we thought, to make the crooked paths straight. He has told us that they are crooked ; why did he not tell us how to get them straightened ? The Council appear to us to be in as great a. fix as ever. Is Mr. Spencer the likeliest man to get them out of it ? 