MISCELLANEOUS. MARRIAGES, AND UmsoNS FOR MASRYIXO.- Mow very lightly people think of marriages when thoy moko thom, whatever thoy il ó afterwards ;. and many examples aro there then of tho evil «nd good-tho *' better " and "worse" I had been called upon-Bays the Rev. J. Bales ia his Essays, republished from Ulackwmd-in the nbsence of my friend B-, to marry a couple in tho little town of-~, After I had married this couple, a very dirty pair offered themselves, a chimney sweeper, in his usual dress and black face, and a woman about 6fty. What could possess them to marry ? Tho man ian off front tho church door os soon os tho ceremony was over, as fast ns lie could run ; tlie woman took a contrary direction. It is astonishing how ill understood aro oven tho words of thc marriage service. Jt is in vain you ex- plain. It is nearly always for " I thee endow," " I thee and thou," and the holy ordinance is fired out of their months as though it were a piece of cannon ? How should it bo otherwise ? they never heard of the word before. Very recently, bluff big farmer M-- told mo he was to be married on melt a day. I wa» takon by surprise, for I bad buried his wife but a few months. Ile was a stout big widower, about sixty, with lungs loader than any Stentor, nnd very irritable. He saw I was súrprisod. and took fire, and literally roared, " Why now, what bo I to do ? I got vive cows, nnd nobody to look after'em." Foolish man, thought I, mid I remembered tho passage-" How shall a man have nndcrstunding whose talk is of bullocks ?" " And pray," said 1 to the brido elect, as I met her soon after this, " what may bo your reason V' She was a widow, and like an old bird, waa not to bo caught with chaff. She looked very grave and business-like, and replied, " Thero is n widowhood on j the estate." One had practised the ceremony before-hand 1 -ho was a deaf man, but unfortunately ho liad taken tho wrong leaf ; und being asked if he would '* forsake all I other, and keep theo alone unto her, so long os ye both shall livo;" and being nudged to answer, repeated the I response from tho order of baptism, "J rcnounco them | lall/5-Leed* t/ercur;/ 3rd June. 1**i<Hrw-To-ii*KB COLONIAL HISTOB.».- The*-Kev.-Mr. Binney, in n recent sermon preached in Adelaide, con- cluded with tho following eloquent remark*: - ' With Churches of di Iferent denominations ne desire to bring forth ministers who will gather round them small bands of Christian men, and then settle in different localities and stand up os part of God's Church, to leach and to preach IheGispol. Wc bollove it to be your desire, and I am sure it is ours nt home, that in tbeso great colonies theso infant nations - they should have at thu very lieginning DF their career, not only England's language, England's literatura, England's laws, and all ber various social and political institutions, but that they should nlso have England's Protestant religion - England's Evan- gelical trudi, so that the samo holy words of joy and glad noss that pervade the home of your fathers may find a resting place in these ber far off colonies. . At present you have little of history/* lt is a grand tiling to have the history England Has. Wo uro all proud of being Kngl¡6hmeu. We like to took back upon the great events of the past. We rcj uco to know that our churches have ir history - that os Puritans and Nonconformists, our fathers have suffered and bled, and died for the' truth of history. Yes i it is a great thing to bo connected with tho past i bdt, do ymi think it is likewise a great tiling to be connected with the futurb, by being ut tho very commencement of things ? 1 think it is' a great thing tu live in these colonies, and to have the privilcgo of making history. See thai you moko it well - see that you lay your foundations deep, not only in your laws, in your literature, and in your politics, but also in your religion, so that yon may be able to* sympathise with godly men who come nut to settle in your midst to preach that ' Gospel which is the mothar of every personal, social, and rational virtue." .' Po, I know what a filibuster is.'* " Well, Johnny, what it a filibuster?" It's green clover." Green what." " Green clovcf1." 'Caüse when Uuclb Jack's filly fottn dcrod herself, be sa:d a little more of that green clover would a' busted hen »od If it had " wouldu't it a* boon a filly buttert" A VALUABLE !' G*ifKsT*n.-A gentleman in Cincinnati hos a gamo cock, two and a half years" old, which has been victor of twenty-ono battles, and the itmount of money netted from bis battles is about ¿7,5001 Fy-Luios.-BY AMBIOUS. - I nail conceived the in tonscst passion for my Mary Janet Nor was it any superficial flame-blafcing up now with a terrible hoat, and as quickly going out. An unquestionably genuine passion was this love .of mino, which bad run the gauntlet of sleepless nights! It had reached its neme! Tho ric plus u'tra of my desires was to tnko Mary Jane to myself, and hold her in my vice-liko embrace! My resolve was taken To-night I confess my love, and shall rovel in that luxury, a kiss, oven though, (don't Jump reader) I have to steal it! Night came- I made my confession, and was happily received. .* Now for a kis* !" " No, John," shu »aid, "not to-night." "But I nm resolved," 1 said, "¡and I must,I" Hero a squablde ensued! Bid you over see a man fight for his life? With such earnest- ness did I enter the contest. . Then fol'owed a general pell-moll! Beautifully arranged curls assumed their original simpe! collars bocaoJgHniroticd pieces of linen - and tho ova of minc (it wasjijllaoil up) hid behind my ears' My head was transformadlo a brush heap!,ami roy nico Mosaic shirt huttons were ground under my fuotl Tho first heat we wura even-tho second 1 was n littlo ahead-the third, she exhausted, dropped her arms closed hor eyes, and, with" a violent expiration --- well, what? Ah. reader, sparc this recital ! But a beginning must have an cn J, so hare it' is, 8ho did not expire with that unfortunate expiration'! nor did she faint in my arms, nor still give evidence of unconscious- ness. But oponii.g her large eye« half droamily- a cloud of Inicnscst agony overspread ber countenance, SB sbc «aid -¡ion might hitor known I have been eating onions! A. SEX TIMKNTAI, KonntiR.-A night or two ago, a fair. Sweet girl, residing on Knee, rear of Fuùrth-streot^jauttv. partially awakened from her slumboraJ^rf^TJnin'în her chamber, but not fully arousod sho tay with closed lips fora minuto, when the sound beinjr'ropcnted, she started up Ond saw 'i,-ViVo-lTgrlt ¿T~vneT littlo jet upon the gas J'iiliei-" a man's .form disappearing through tho window. . Shb screamed involuntarily, and ber father armed with a revolver, waa in her. room in a few moments greatly agitated and alarmed, questioning bis lovely daughter as to tho cause of her fear. She told him what bsd frightened her, ami ho ran to open tho window, looked out upon tho balcony nnd into the yard, lint could »eo nothing of the terrible mun, the midnight-robber, and disturber of tho dovo- eyetl dnrling's rest. Tho parent was disposed to think his daughter had been dteamint.', that her imagination had painted what was not roo!, but, an returning to.ber apartment, she assured him she was wide awakts, and that she had seen all abo had stated. Her falber was still incredulous, when.bu looking around he observed upon his daughter's dressing bureau, witera a beautiful enamelled watch, a puir of hunvy bracelets, ' a diamond ring, «nd n necklace were lying, a slip of paper, on which was written - Fairest, Dearest Girl,-I 1 came hero to rob, but beauty has made mu honest for thc timo. I saw thee in sleep, and behoving them your«, I could not take them. I have stolen what I value moro -three delicious kisses from your unconscious lips. Do not bo offended, they were gentle und innocent. A« UNKNOWN 1.OVKU.- jvoio Orleans De'ta. DAXQKUS oí' ECOKNTKIOITV.-Thu Kev. Mr Lench is a | clergyman of tho Church <if England, of .good family and I fortune, who has just escaped being shut'up for lifo in a madhouse. Ho was n religious cmliusi ist. Ho-«.as pos- sessed with thc ¡doa that tho Millennium was " drawing nigh," if indeed it lind not allandy dawned. His actions wero ' al) guided, he said, by the Holy writ. In early youth ho had shaved oft' his beard, hut thu Scriptural injunction against elfominacy and woman's attire bad induced him toresume tho badge of manhood. Hu was amati of kindly ' and domestic habits. Ile thought servants ought to be treated moro on an equality, and carried his principles on . this point somewhat tuan extreme. Feeling lonely, he was, in the habit of associating with his woman servants, : would occasionally kiss them, and snmotimcs take them on his knee. Even this, however, ha declared was done by thecoinmnnd of a power which he did not venture to disobey. His sister Mrs Seddon, and her husband, at length found that he was about to marry ona of the damsels ' whom he bad hitherto been contented with caressing j Now on tho death of his motlier, Mr Loach would bo en- ! titled to £30.000. If bodied without children and intcstnto. ! that fortuno must come to Mr and .Mrs Sodden. This , was too splendid n prospect to bc obscured by a servant ', maid and A young family. It was natural enough that the '. mad doctor should he called in by tho Seddcns to see ¡ whether eccentricities could not ho construed into insanity, j The thing was managed. Poor Mr Leach was consigned j to un asylum. In coming to tho conclusion that thc rover- i cud gentleman was quita nblo to manage his affairs, tho | jury who were called t > give it verdict in the case no doubt j remembered that a marriago might prevent tho addition of j £30,000 to tho fortuuo of thosu friends who sought to provo I the madness I NAPULKON III. -IN GooD.SpintTs.-I hear that tho Em poi'or hllD not buen SOg*y foi-mun)- n dny asmncu Ma ínlur- i view with tho f¿ueen of England. His .Majesty regards; it justly not only as a triumph for bis policy, which is : more than over an alliauco with our country, but as a ' mark of personal friendship to him ; and the personal i friendship of tho Sovereign of England is of inestimable j value to tho monarch of revolutionary Franca, especially j when he is, ns the Emperor called himself, a parvcml. As : to thu Empress, shu, as I before told you, looks up to the ¡ Queen with mingled gratitude, respect and nflection ; and her joyatseeiug hor .Majesty again was consequently un- ! bounded. Both tho Emperor and Empress kissed thc Queen i on meeting and on taking leave, tho Prince Consort, thc ¡ Prince of Wales, and tho Duke of Cambridge on those : occasions kissed the hand of tho Empress, and with marked .cordiality, grasped that of tho Emperor.-Paris corres- j ponil-nl of Hie I'ress. l,ovH DüsciuniiD.-A very old Magaxino. the naroo of : which does not appear, publishes the following : "Lovo is ; -, like thu dovil, because it torments us ; liko Heaven, bc , causo it wraps tho soul in bliis ; like salt, because it is ro j lishing i like pepper, because it often sets us ou fire ; I ke ' I sugar, because it is sweet ; liko a rope, because it is often ! the death of a man ; like a prison, becauso it makes us! unhappy ; like wine, bcciuso it makes us happy ; like rt ' man, because it is here to-day and gono to-morrow ; liko a woman, because there is no getting rid of it ; liko a boa- ; eui, becauso il guides ona to tho wished-for-port ; like a will-o'-the-wisp, because it often lends one into tho bog ; like n courser, because it often runs away with ono ; liko tho bite of a mad dog, or tho kiss of a pretty womnn, be- ' causo they both mako a man run mad ; like a goose, be- cause it is silly ; like a rabbit, because there is nothing like it. In a word, it is liko a ghost, because it is like everything, and like nothing ; often tallied about, and never soon, touched, or understood." AN OUGANIO DIFFICULTY.-À parish in tho west part of Kngland, after much effort, lately purchased a self-act- ing organ, warranted to piny twenty tunes, and a larger congregation than usual mot tu inaugurate it. Tho first psalm had been successively brought to an end, when; after a short pause thc organ chose to commence psalm No 2. In vain the officiating person attempted tu stop it; in vain the church wardens left their pews to-'.stifle its noixe; still the organ, as though uncontrollably pleased with its owii oxocution, kept on with the new mr What was to ba done? Tho service was suspended in tho hope that thu musical stranger would be content when the se- cond tune was played out. Vain expectation! it com- menced No 31 and nothing remained but to carry the in- defatigable instrument into thc churchyard, and there to cover it with the vestry carpet to chuko its voice, for on and on it went, until tune No 20 had been played out. much to thc edification of tho less uttoutive part of tho congregation, who could boar its only balf-smo ;thered-melodiesi- ' -."-- - A VALUABLE BOLCOCÍT.-A int bullock, which has re- cently buen taken to Melbourne from o'ninon tho Lachlan j '.Uiver, ia likely to futch a price quite unpreendent in the ' stock market, and the amount of which will completely j put in tho shado tho highest figure over obtained for a ! single boast:' Tho bullock itt question, which is about i three years old, and extremely wild, has two perfect heads I and eight legs. The two animals-for the appearance conveys to the mind a plural idea-are connected at tho rump, tho second perfect animal growing ns it wero out of ! thc flesh of thu first, and being weil formed in all its parts. ; It, however, possesses no vitality, and isBimply an appen dag* carried about by the other beast. It is extremely rare td witness such n caprice of nature, and great curiosi- ty has been felt by all persons to seo tho bullock, ft is understood that Mr George Coppin, of Melbourne is in treaty for the purchnse nf this treasure and that he is likely to oller a considerable Bum of monoy for thu poscs sioil of tho bullock.-Correspondent of the S. M. Herald. AN OUTBPOICBM ErtTAPii.-A remarkably out-spoken one, from a monument in Horsluydown Church, in Cum- berland, runs as follows :-" liuro lie the bodies of Thomas Bond and Mary bis wife Sha was tempéralo, chnsto, and charitable; but she was proud, peevish, and passionate. She was un affectionato wife »nd teodor mo- ther, but her husband and child, whom she loved, seldom saw lier countenance without a disgusting frown, whilo i-lie received visitors whom sho despised With an endearing smile. Her behaviour, was discreet towards stranguhi, but imprudent in her family. Abroad hoi- conduct wini influenced by good breeding, but at home by ill-temper." And so tho epitaph runs on to a considerable length, ac- knowledging the good qualltlos of tho poor.woman, but killing each by totting against it «orno peculiarly un amiable trait I confess that my feeling.is quito turned in ber favour by tho unmanly assault, which her brothor (tho author af tho inscription) hus tlilis made upon thc floor dead womuh. If you cannot honestly say good of a lUtnan hoing on his gravestone, theil say nothing at all; -thaler's Magazine for July, . A vKKT COMMON ItKStit.T.-" Come. Boli, how ihuch have you cleared by your (-peculations ?" said n friend to his companion. " Clonrcd I" answered Hob, with a frown, why I've cleared tny pockotsX ¡ SNAPnitAOONS.- Unman worldly IKo is a gnuie nt Snapdragons. Header, cost np n füw of your ncrjuain tunco'on your fiiigcrS ami thumbs, nnd say,-hnvo wu not propounded ii truth subtle as light, and " deep nlmost as lifo"? Hnvo wo not, by the magic of the sentence, brought to ymir memory tho pushing, elbowing, scrnnih : ling, successful folks, who intent upon tho plums, have j dashed their hands into tho woild's bowl and clutched ' the savoury fruit ? And do you not remember tho weak ' and luckless, who have teen pushed und pushed awny from tho feast, who have now plucked up heart, and tried to scramble to the bowl-have now grasped tho hot plums -hnvo carried them witldn u hnir's bi oadih of their lips, -mid lo t they hnvo been suddenly jerked, or pushed, or elbowed hence ; the plums hnve droppOil hom their fingers, and dejected, worn out, thoy have retired from tho struggle, feeling that it was not for them that plums wero gathered and tho bowl was filled ?~ Douglas Jer- rold. A young lady with a foreign accent and rather eccen- tric manners dressed all in white with yellow boots, re- cently alighted at tho Peterborough Hnilway Station. Her : luggage waa addressed ns follows:-" Her Divine Majesty, 't ho ¿ion Holy Ghost, ICniprcsx of tho Universe, Beloved Brido of Heaven, passenger to Silverdale, near Lancaster." She stated that she was an angel from Heaven, and pre. tented one of tho clerks with a tract, written partly in I Atm, partly in French, and'partly in English. Tho coi ttitne of thc " angel" reminds onu_of that adopted by tho lady of ¿a Snlctto, which consisted, according to thu des. croutons, of a whito dress trimmed with n garland uf silver flowers,'- a yellow silk apron edged with silver fringe, yel J-^t^J'iVigs/iftir--"*"~-»- . ' *J;" Oo to the d--,'' said an^ñtígJjÉJaí^í^ to his servants. Taking him nt'Tiis word, they decamped, and summoned him for wages. Tho defender, on his ex- amination, was asked whethor ho had given the servants their'leave, as alleged, when this most astounding answer was given: '* 1 dbl, in a moment of passion, tell them.all to go to tho d. '.?-, hut I solomnly deny that I meant they were to leave ray sci-vico." : Tho peals of laughter which followed this most astounding nvowal of identity startled tho defender, and convinced bim that ho had gono beyond his reckoning. Tho sheriff decided that thc words did not necessarily imply dismissal, and dismissed Ibo action for «Mires.-ütasaaw Gazette. i found tho blacksmith had buried bia wife. Ho wak, leaning against bis door, looking very dejected, when 1 accosted him, and told him I was very sorry for his loss,, " Tis n great loss,' said ho, 'surely.' 1 reminded him that it was inevitable that wo should loso those dear to us, or they UH, and that tin's condition-. Ho did not let me finish tho sentence, but hroko f.-rth with energy-,Oh, dang it, 'taint she ! , 1 don't caro for sha i but they've took nwny nil her things.'-Rev. J. Engira. WHKN DISUASK OuriMi ni: WoitBts nias TUB UEMEUY. Mr Atkinson, during his wanderings through Siboria, was taken ill, but was restored by thc usual remedy-a Russian bath. First he was boiled ; then gently flagellated with a birch rod till ho presented tho appearance of a raw becf I steak ; and finally ho was sluiced with icy-cold water. A ! mild remedy, this, for an attack of influenza ! I Tho Ilarons of tho Hxchequer were, on Snturday week, asked to decido whether it was libellous to accuse a maa of being a " blackleg." t ho Icuned judges weto equally divided on thc point, after n very funny and elnborato nr ' gOment, so that no judgment was given. A jury bad decided that the term was libellous. LINGUAL TUST.-D.). you want to know if a foreigner ; can pronounce English? Give him thc following two lines ' to read, and seo what bo makes of them Though the tough cough and higgongh plough me through, ' O'er life's dark lough my w iy I htill pursue. ONB day last week, a young lady, living in tho genteel part of Hampstead, ran through three novels, each of three volumes, in four hours, forty minutes and n half. Sho ' was a little dizzy afterwards, and complained of a Blight ' pain in her hoad, hut rallied towards tea-time, and atc af : ter wards a very hearty supper. j So little dill sho feel fatigued thc next day, thnt sha ! sent for thrco moro novels, and. upon tho volumes being ! handed to har, galloped through them again quito uncon , sciously. Thc running tho second timo was accomplished I in three hours and ten minutes. However, she has not I boon herself since, but fancies Dint sho is a princess in dis ¡ guiso, n Savoyard- boy, a dethroned queen running after j her peasant lover, tho Chevnilier D'Edon, and various j other roinnntfc characters most difficult to reconcile. I J'unch. MAXIMS.-1. Per-ovcro against discouragement. 2 Koop your temper. 3. limploy leisure in study, sud nl wayB have some «orle on hand. 4. lia punctual and mo- , ' thodical in business, and nover procrastinate. ? 5. Proserve-* yourself possession, and do not bc talked out of a conviction. 6\. Rise carly and be an economist of timo. .7. Never j>o , inuiiurry. A. Maintain dignity without tho appearance of pride ; manner ls something with everybody nud every- thing with some. 9. Bo guarded in discourse, attentive and slow to speak. IO. Nover acquiesce in immoral or pernicious opinions, ll. flo not forward to nssign reasons to those who have no right to ask. 12. Think nothing ¡a conduct unimportant and indifferent. 13. Knitter set than follow example--. 14. Prnrtiso strict temperance IS. And, in ul! your transactions, remember thc final account. IlANniOArriNO YACHTS. - A new arrangement for timing yachts entered for n handicap raCo has been de- termined, and was first to bo adopted with thc yachts competing for thc Emperor's Cherbourg Cup. Instond of tho diflerenco being allowed for tonnngc, it will ba computed on tho number of square feet of canvas hoisted,' which will bo measured on thc entry of the yacht. What led Macbeth to say that he would dio with har : noss on his back? Ans. Because ho vory well know that Macduffwas about to tacklo him. I A SMOiiT MIBTAKE.-llouso Surgeon: " Ah, by the ' way, there's Higgins's case; thcro has been a slight mis : take, it was tho sound leg we cut Off !" Visiting Surgeon: ; '* It's of no consequence, wc caa cure t'other-so it conics 1 to tho samo thing." 