SYDNEY. (fbom our. own connEsrouDENT.) 1st Ifay. Wo aTO oil on tuo qui vivo, as you may nnogino, about tho matish, opiuious remaining protty equally divided as to tho chanco3 of each of tho 'high contending parties.' I havo booh guineas to pounds laid, and am told a fow bots have beon mado at evom. The pluckiost wngora recently laid, however, woro L.100 to L.80 twico over, on tho Iiorae, tho layer of tho odds being tho owner of tho champion. An unaxpectod difQcnlty aross at tho eleventh hour, about tho match, tlirougu tho Jnnknv Cluli \ciahinL' and attomntina to low black-mail on tiio winner, in the Bhapo of a foe of ' n pony' for tho uao of tho course, notwithstanding that tho Balo of tho gato and bootliB for tho match day has brought moro into tho racing oxchequer than will fuIUco to pay tho rent of tho Homebush courso for that day, aud for tho forthcoming metropolitan mooting also. Tho match makers, howovor, having very wisely ropudiatcd any such liability, and threatened to run it oft' on tho Liver pool courso by mutual consent, tbo club withdrow tho demand, aud matters resumed thoir onwards courso. A now and valuable) addition has boon raado to tbo future Ilcmebush programmes, by placing a triennial of 10 fcovrt. csch, half forioit, with 1U0 sovs. addod annually by tho club, on tbo card. Whon tho conditions aro lickncl into uhapo, it will do well. Tho Livorpool ontries apponr to-day, and giva good promifo of sport. Tho Town Plato, with Gratis, Ackbar, '/jst, Dora, and Nowbold in, will provo a capital betting raco, as every liorso in it'wilf find a good uharo of backer*, and all will nco a short prioo. Thcro is but a poor muster of two-year-olds, throo only boing found of that ago to come out in tho Collingwood stakes. Alto gether, wo aro aura of a good meeting at Livorpool, though many people h*vo a fanoy for koopiug thoir horses at homo till llomobush. Tho most exciting ovent of tho wook, amongst sport ing jnpii, not excoptiug tuo champion maton, lias been tli a fig'it botwco'i Jackion of Parramatta, and Yollow Jomniy (a half-casto aboriginal), for L.50 a Bido. As a diHplay of scienco, it was a decided failure, oven tho winner having but a small share- of that commodity, whih Ja?kson disponsod with it altogothorj but for admirers of downright slogging, it mnst havo boon aa unusual treat, Jaokson taking all Ilia opponent could supply him with, iu tbo Bhapo of punishmont- with un flinching gamouesi. Jackson's Boceuda wero blamed by Homo parties, and I think rightly, for not taking thoir man away Hoonor tlun thoy did, as during tbo lattor part of tho fight thoro sooined considerable- danger that an unluoky blow might put tho poor follow past tho call of timo for ovor, while ho had nut tho ghost of a chauco of v/iuning. Jackson has won goldon opinions for Ills bravery, but m to thn Hcionco of fighting, he knows literally nothing abuut it. Joinmy liita bard with both hands, Mb blows boing dolivored straight aud with pro cisieil, but last Wednesday's exhibition afforded no cri terion us to his power* of receiving, as Jackson novor touched him, to do any damngo. His backer.] aro of courao very awoot on him, and want to match him again, in which respect they will probably not be diEapnointod, Tbo cricket match on Monday, botwoon tho Marylo bono ami Auitralian clubs, tnrnod out a very hollow affair, tbo lattor olub never having a olmnoo. Ic is truo that thoy woro without two or throo of their hcBt mon, but still, if tho cloven that did o-jino out had played with thoir usual ukill, tho gamo would bays boon a vory diQu:eut ono. Men whom wo UBed to considor ? ' safo bats' and good fioUsmen, now' gat oa6' with- tho first straight ball, un'l lot tho oaBloBt of catchoB- slip through their, fiogcra: eo trno ia it that tho .'want of praotwo makc3inoBtimpoifcot.' This match was the lust Ufa' will be played on the Domain ground this coason, but a good match is looked for on Thursday next, between Maitland and Purramatta, to como off at Parramatta. Last year the match between theso clubs w£8 remark ably dose, and on that nocount h good deal of interact is felt in this forthcoming ono. Tho fixture has been made thus Into in the season, to allow of the Haitland men Beoing tho match on Saturday. ' Tho extension of ;the railway to CampTjelltown is to bo opened on Tuesday next, and will be inaugurated with a banquet, at which His Excellency, the ministry, and a variety of other notabilities, are to assist. Ab on Monday we have a boat raco for second-class yachts, and that A\ edncsday will see the final deposit in tho 'great match put down, and all arrangements entered into ro spocting it, as to choosing officials, etc.; wesrc likely to havo ft tolerably bustling and busy week. / ' - It it expected that the steamer duo on Sunday will bring up such sportsmen from your side of tho island as wish to see oldVcno havo another single-handed set-to. One bit of bad nows for breeders has reached ub, that William Tell is dead. Having been soUed with the gripes, ho wont off after a few hours' illness. This ia in reality a serious losa' to our colonial studs, as though, liko all tho Miss Bows family, he hod a weakness for ' speaking out of bis turn,' he was a remarkably fine horse, and judging from tho few specimens of his stock that have appeared in pnblic, thoro is no doubt thut his descendants will inherit the fine spoed for which the blood is so celobratod. It U consolatory that William Toll should havo stood ona t:asoa at the Bcrrice of the public, after being shut up so many years in a piivato itud. . . Tho news by tho Columbian will not fail to have »n improving offect on the present depressed state of things in Sydney, a consummation most dovoutly to bo wished, 03 tho degree of universal dnlness to which we were re duced was getting unbearable ; and, whatever squatting lawgivers nko tho Hon. Mr. Hay may say to the con trary notwithstanding, thcro ia a great deal of distress about. With wcol rising and money cheap ' at home,' lot us hope that we have done with the dark sido of the picture for a timo. Tho Leveret, from Now Zealand, has brought up Messrj. ltowo and Marshall's circus company, including Hernandez, with whoso European famo as an equestrian you aro doubtless acquainted. They will commence operations in a week at the Prioco of SValos. When tun company left San Francisco, they had twelvo hors'.B with thorn, but thoy left two at Honolulu, ill, and have landed the other ten safely in Sydney. Amongst other novcliics, the Victoria management havo this week brought out . ' Camoralzaman and Ba dowra, or tho Peri that lovod a Prince,' which, unless my memory deceives mo, was first brought out as a Christmas extravaganza, at the Haymarket, in 1818. FrioKd Simmons will bo favouring us with a transla tion of tbo ' Eunucbus' after a bit. Certainly the sy£tcin coincides with the uuiyotsal plan of tho Sjdnov people, who appear to havo learnt the great Becrct of ' How not to go forward'1 to perfection. 