' * . . SKETCHES 'TS CHIN A. " From rocent-letters of the. Special Ooirroj spondent of the Tinm we select the following passages :-. COMMERCIAL RELATIONS OE CHINA WITH FOREIGN COUNTRIES. Ia my last letter I ventured to point out that when England assumes the character of cham- pion of all civilized nations she incurs some rather onerous responsibilities. If all are to'; share in the advantages she claims for herself, she is bound to guarantee to the Chinese tha by nono shall those advantages be abused, mast recur to this subject, even at the risk o being tedious, for it is a most important topii for consideration in any future treaty. Every ono who looks at China"" from tlx English point of view must now be satisfier that no treaty can be worth tho powder whicl aalütes its signature if it do not stipulate tha China shall become one. of " the. great .family, p civilized nations. Foolish people : treat chii'drer with alternate coaxings and' floggings,- anc John Bull, with a certain conceited pityj lias so treated John Chinaman. Treat "him/aa'. £ man, and exact from-bim the duties of a;civi lizéd man, and you will have rio further trouble with him. . ' "? ,'^; "'' y_ V; v. 'Jue port of Ningpo is an example of whàtt "-,..'/' hundred other largo ¡cities will be when you ^ have, obtained'your object of an unrestricted trade up all the great rivers on all the coasts of China. It is what LT an geh au, Chin-Kiang and Nankin will he. Your direct trade is onlj to 'the immediate district : the carrying trade Will attract ships from all European countries Hamburg sends more ships up the Ningpc river than even England. Every petty nation . tKat has a flag to lend or sell ia represented ~ either, by its. square-rigged ships or by its ' nondescript lorchas. Sweden and Denmark, "'..""" -and Hamburg and Holland, and Spain and Iii Portugal, are all Christian nations, all have i:^ traded, or say they have traded, to; Canton, and all have flags, under which honest men and scoundrels may equally, claim ^ treaty rights. But these nations have v ho,- consuls and no men of war to keep the peace. If an English, an American, or a French ship comes to Ningpo, she must pay her tonnage dues and got her grand chop before she can clear out. If an armed Hamburg ship comes up the river she does as she pleases thai is to say, she pays no tonnage dues, to the obvious disadvantage of thc ships of the great Powers. Tlie other day five Europeans boarded a Chinese junk in that river, and, under pro tonco of being officers entitled to see her papers, plundered her of all the silver she had on board. Complaint was made. One of the pirates was found,to be an English subject-one Murphy ' Tripe was tried before the Consul and sentenced to f two years' imprisonment. Several of the ethers were Europeans, subjects of nations represented by no authorities here ; there was no power to touch them. . This is a difficulty which must be met if we would not " open up China" to all the outlaws \- of .Europe ; but it is not insurmountable Lot 'it be part of tho treaty stipulation that no na ' Hon shall claim the advantages of a treaty power except under conditions. Let ono of those conditions bf?» that when that nation is unrepresented at any port the two senior Con-: sills, or the English, French, and American Consuls, or tho Consul chosen by the other rosi dent Consuls for that purpose, shall have'tho consular power over the subjects of tho nation. I. believe that to render tho remedy perfect you must go still further, and provide that the résident Consuls shall assist each other with any force at their command, in order to pre- serve order and enforce the provisions of the treaty. ' Tho time is not far distant when com- merce will teach China how to. defend, herself. I hoted these remarks at. Ningpo in sight of an armed commercial steamor and four largo ship rigged vessels, all owned by merchants of Ningpo who wear tails and carry fans. At present, however, Chinese Mandarins in this peaceful North dread all hostile contact with Europeans who are not Portuguese, and it is rothor our policy to cherish this feeling.. THE ruaOHASE-STSTEM IN THE CHINESE , r . AB MT. ; . . As I thought tho English public might- like to know what preparations the Chinese aro making in tho neighbourhood of Ningpo, and what probability there is of a repetition of the occurrences of the last war, I determined to spend a few days in a survey of tho scones of our most important conflicts. , I believe that John Bull will bo utterly dis- appointed of anything like a fight., Ningpo itself is defended along the wholo' oxtontof its ¿ walls by two guns; whoso oxplosion would bo terrific and. cause immediate destruction to all who should approach . to ' fire thom. It is said there . are a thousand soldiers in tho city, and the assertion ur very probable. But the.Ghinoso who invented everything, invented .that-system'of purchase which is the' ornament and safeguard of our military systom. They carri* but tho principio tothory^häri wo havo yet done. In Ullina a soldier .? .'roceiyes, ." a .*. certain... modicum ,, of cash and rice, . amounting to perhaps . gd::!" a day, ho attends ' parado now and,', tliori whon called upon,' and ho works : at' his trade,' at 'all other times.. This is an advantageous' position, and tho Mandarins take care he shall not got it for nothing. From 15,to 80 dollars,'according to tho demand, is the , price paid for his commission by a private in the Chinese arriiy. Somo time' BÎncé sonic tall strong Shantung follows ' who word , out ' pf , employ wished, to enlist. . Their offer was laughed at, and somo old mon and cripples, whoso frionds wished to próvido for thom in tho army of tho Empiro, wero duly registered; I behove that if a't any moment Commander Dbw wore to land hts 17 marines and proceed to' tho Tout at's Yam an, wad wero to tell him that his Sovereign had resolved to annex Ningpo nnd tho surrounding plain, and that Mr. Consul' Moadows now reigned as Toutai, tho old goutloraan would nimply protust that such conduct was " most unroasonablo," and would bo lcd away like a lamb.' As to tho people, thoy aro so worn out with continual "squeezes," that a judicious proclamation would quite rceonctlo thom to tho chango. . TUE KlVEll YUNU. , On tho 0th of September, tn a boat with two oars and two oyos, a forosail and mainsail kopt taut by bamboo stioks worked into thom, and a oom for tabla cabin, built as a liurrlcano-houso, and occupying nearly all hor longth, I sturted with a strong adverse wind for Ohusan. The Rosina is partly usod as a passago-boat, partly to carry information, but chiefly to carry "drug," tho commercial name foi* opium. Slio belongs to an eminent commercial house, is navigated by ono European and a Ghinoso crew, has good store of Minié'rifles, always fit for service, is a good sea boat, a faut sailer, and the type of a numerous class. Everybody ol any importance has ono of these Ningpo boats. It would take moro space than I dare occupy to describe tho ten milos of tho river Yung. The simple, yet effective ice-housos, and' thc no less simply constructed suit stores which ocaupy tho right bank; tho wood junks, 'each in its . separate, .mud dock (so closely, "packed, 'that ,there" is not room .for . another), which line the left bank; ttío " frowning" batteries which are built at tho end bf every reach, all; deserve description. 11 can only ¡ pause, . however, to say a word about the batteries. They are built of stone, and some of them have very powerful guns, but tho wonder is that their armament has not long ago been stolen by tho1 pirates and convoy lorchas. I have visited them all in different excursions down the river. There is no guard- house', np magazine,'; no sponge-rammer' or worm ; thc iron guns and the stone walls make up the battery.:. A naval officer who- accompa- nied me in one bf my wandorings was posi- tively distressed at; the forlorn condition of an Bnglish-cast ;82-póúndor, 13, feet long, ' and weighing 4 tons, so mounted that a charge of a pound of powder would have "thrown . it from its rotten carriage; I believe, ho would have provided the' poor gun with a- decent carriage at his own expense, even if he knew< that he must meet its fire next day,'so indignant was he that a good "gun shpuld be so shaihefully treated. At the mouth of the Yung we come to the city of Ohinghai with its enormous fleet of junks which crowd tho river, and its extensive artificial sea-bcach of hewn granite. Here are those extraordinary natural fortifications which the Chinese attempted to utilize.in the last war, and this was the scene of the most tre- mendous slaughter that occurred. . Tho mouth of the Yung is beset by rocky islets and sunken shoals, which' make the approach difficult and the channels intricate. Each shore is commanded by a high conical hill. That.on the left is surmounted by a stone tower; that on tho right by a fort and a joss house. On a former occasion I passed a night and two days in that Pagan temple. I slept, wrapped in my cloak, at the feet ot a terrible Indian god. All night long.the Abbot in his mitre sat upon his throno turning his back uponga gigantic idol of " the Queen of Hoavon," and his priests sat round the table boforo him. A thousand little dishes,'each containing some article of vegetable food curiously cooked, pre-, served, or made into sweetmeats, covered not only the table, but other temporary scaffoldings erected for the purpose throughout the temple.1 It was a groat ceremony, with a highly em- blematical ritual. Tho prayer was evidently; for a favourable harvest, for every fruit was taken up and blessed and chanted over. The picturesque scene, the monotous mutter-' ings, and perhaps also the musquit03 kept rae awake till past midnight. When I awoke in the morning the sun was invading my corridor, and priests, and food, and scaffoldings, and tables had all vanished. But.the old Indian god scowled upon us as ridiculously fierce a3 ever. Alas ! his divine scowl had not scared away the musquitos. From tho embrasures on the top- of this Joss-house Fort I could look down upon the scene of that terrible carnage; when in thje last war the Chinese army of ten thousand men were routed in teri minutes, when'the flying multitude was: arrested by a line of bayonets, and when > before the slaughter could be stayed one half the number either perished by the, ..'steel or wore forced into tho broad j river.1 This lesson, repeated at Ningpo, and again on the hills beyond, has never boen', for- gotten., ?' " , " ' _ In the Josshbuse: Fort there is one .gun,' mounted, probably asan alarm gun.. There is another sunk half-way in tho earth,'.' with- a British spike iri it. Those are the[ defences at tho mouth of the Yung. , ' ;. TILE HARBOUR OF CHUSAN. \ At -i o'clock in the morning we wore tacking through the islands ; at 10 we cast anchor in the harbour of Chusan., We are accustomed in England to think of Ghusan as a fine, large island, open to the Chinese seas, where you may see tho sun, with purple-coloured face, lift lip his head from tho distant waters. So upon its eastern side it probably is ; not so as wo are in the habit of approaching it. The harbour: of Tinghai is a land- lockod'strait about three quarters of a milo across-not unlike' tho Menai, in somo placos. You might bo in a moderate sized river; you havo come in through a labyrinth ? of narrow channels, and you see no evidence of an open soo. Many a city upon a Chinese , river looks moro like a seaport than this famous port and harbour of Tinghai.. Nothing can be moro picturesque'to look upon than tho ; mountains and valleys of this fair . island,, which now occupies - all scope of view ' upon our loft. Gradual elevations, clothed with small hamlets and many-coloured vogotation, . swell from the . strait, affording charming sites for barracks ana Hospitals ana noaa-iiuiircoc nousus. Away behind tho interior hills riso into peales oh which' tho. clouds .aro resting.; Narrow gorges and dopp valleys run far up inland, offering shady retreats .in hot summer months and fertile fields in every season. ' , The least plotisant is the flat on which tho city stands. . Opposite -to;the spot whore wo cast anchor the hills retire from tho strait and form an amphitheatre. Tho interval botweon their base and tho water is a semioirclo. Lot the hills represent tho arc of a strung bow and the strait ropresoht tho string. Tho area be 'tween is tho swampy march upon which tho city of Tinghai stands, surrounded by paddy fields and moist grounds. Just, at that point of tho;string whero the archer would fix the notch of his arrow thoro'is a hill which.natnre seems to havo placed there to command and protect tho strait. Such is tho natural site of the land at the port of Ohusan. Along tho shoro of tho strait, to.the full extent of. tho string of our bow, runs a green embankment. You would think it il dam thrown up as n protection against high tides, but that at rogular intorvals embrasures aro loft. Tho hill which stands in tho centro of tho chord of our aro has boon fortified with walls and parapots of stone masonry ; and it is still surmounted by that sumo josshouso which 1(7;years ago obtained for it tho namo of. Joss house Hill. Thora aro stono batteries also upon sevoral of tho ' islols ; all tho narrow channels aro thus commandod, and thero is a l4rge battery far tip tho valley; : Except that the harbour cotttuins, insload of ajMundarin floot, Bomb (50 small trading junks, tue placo must now look'much, as/it did when olír .-..fleet first. - sailed". in-whola tho Öhlrmso Ajdtnirúl' . so ".feelingly; , pxpóstülaíed with up tipon "" tlio ' injustice of, ' revenging insults put upon us : by tho'Gántoñoso by slaughtering the defenders of those weak'' in trenchments-whian tho old man; with a dignity and courage worthy of a better fate, acknow- ledged that our power was too groat to allow him to hope for success, but declaring that his orders and his duty enjoined him to dio at his post, wont smiling down the sido of our flag- ship, resigned to meet the doom which too surely awaited him in its most painful.form on the morrow. _ : If I recall the memory of these painful scenes it is to protest against thoir recurronco. If these places are to bo again occupied lot it bp done suddenly, before any peremptory orders for a desperate defence can arrive from Pekin. Not that Tinghai is, under proper conditions, incapable of défonce. Garrisoned by English troops, it is difficult to conceive a place moro impregnable. Approached by narrow rock- bound channels, covered, by commanding heights, and having '/iUi'.lbwaiilcttadeVV'hill, it is formed for a place of strength ; but the Chinese at .Ohusan- seem to haye learnt only one lesson' from the last war--.tho: iriutility of all.deforices. Yes; I think they havo learnt one other lesson ; it is that Britiàh dollars fol- low hard upon British bayonets.' I landed and walked along tho embankment ; there was not a| gun. I climbed tho Josshouse Hill. Tho masses of masonry that look so imposing from below are all looso blocks which a shot would toppleover; still no trun.' In the iosshouso was an old priest muttering and bealing upor his little drum, another smoking his pipe, and a third asleep. A half-starvod dog seemed perishing under the samo vice of idleness which pervades the place. His diet in a Bud dhist temple could not bo- very succulent, and his skin was worn raw from lying all day long upon the stone floor. Sloth had oaten into 'his,bones.'. .Two or three Chinamen, sailors from tho junks, were venting theit " By yaw,v as they examined tho representa- tions of the punishments of tho Buddhist Hell If pt without reason, for the josshouae ol Tinghai is richer than any temple I have seen in ingenious tortures. Tho kings of Hell sit tn judgment like Chinese mandarins. Tho executioners are braying tho victims in mortars, boiling thom in furnacos, skinning them with knives, throwing them to tigers, squeezing thom botweon boards, cutting them up and hanging tho bits on hooks, beating thom with mallets, tormenting them with hot irons-all represented in coloured - plaster groups with a horrible fidelity bf detail, and with an ingenuity of conception as, to the instruments employed, ?which would argue that tho Buddhist priests are no contemptible mechanics, and that it is well for tho barbarians they are not - employed in tho invention'bfwarliketormentaria. ± "'.'. ';j ? i' No'ono, .notreven the dog, took any nolico of me. ' I ;'lpoked fropi the top of tho hill down in to ? v ? the .city bf-: Ti nghai-? in to, Hip ". suburb i which extends 'from .'? it upi to the water-side - ;upon tho pagoda and : the Artillery-hill-and upon the English" tomba which cover tho .desebnt'of the hill upon which I was standing. Everything was swamp and paddy. Everything had^: tho - same listless, unprepared, carc-aban donod air. There was not a gun visible from tho spot, riot a muzzle lurking behind any .one bf the hundreds of embrasures which I could count around. ' A few junks wore working up the canal or river which runs from tho harbour up to tho city, and some others were unload-' ing josshouse furnituro upon the wharf below me. I had "heard 'men of the last war talk; pf; gravel : walks and -parade grounds, European houses ' and drained' spaces'. "?' ' No -vestige of any such innovation, remains. All is gone back to Chinese' notions -of ^propriety squalidhoüsW'fó p'áddy; cróps1fbr'0hiná'men tp'jèàt..T'liese.i'pa^dy^éitis'' wore, nowfull of watêr ; . tue city also was ^slightly flooded.''" The Chinamen-seemed ;to have clus tered like fliés upon tho only foul spot in this,boautifúr island. . . -- ; I had seen enough-enough; at least, for ono day.' ' lt was raining,a_drij!zUng rain and blow- ing hard. ."I-was racked - with rheumatism, and tortured by -that, horrid pestilence which no one can escape, for they are the blossoms of this flowery land-an eruption of boils. I sent into tho city for coolies and a chair to penetrate a little into tho interior on the morrow, and I returned on board. I had full opportunity pf contemplating this place. No sooner had I got on board than tho breeze became a gale and the misty rain a driving storm.' Then rose tho tempest-a tempest such ns the China Seas only can show. It lastod all night, .and the .noxt day and tho riext. During a momentary. pause ; wo saw through ono' of the narrow islet channels a large screw-steamer carrying her funnel abaft her, mainmast, struggling down under tho mainland. Some Ano has since said it was tho Durance French transport, and that sho grounded oh tho height of tho typhoon^ Tho Shangliai Shipping -List afterwards repeated this 'latter roport. It may be so, but I doubt it. -I believe it was the same steamer I saw two days later in company with tho Capricieuse frigate ofl" Lookqng., She might bo tho Durance, but we did not- make her out to :bo 'acround >. or ony 'otherwise itv " duranco ' vile." What- ever she was, howover, she passod Uko a .spirit on this hurricane Outsido tho typhoon was sweeping tho seas and ravaging the cousts. It drove tho lightship at.tho mouth of the Yang I tso- ltiang from her moorings, it strewed tho junks about in pieces of floating wreck, it broke down' walls, - it cast away a throo-mastod English ship, and lifted a schooner over tho sand of tho 30uth bank and deposited hor in tho paddy-fields. It dammed up tho waters of tho Wnng-poo.and tho Yung, and hero in this bay of Ohusan it put junks adrift and bands of wreckers upon tho alert; The Booina had ground tackle made foi* such emergencies. She drifted at first, hut her socond anchor brought her up. Wo were fortunately in tho best harbour on tho coast of Ohina. After this exporionco I havo a right to speak welL of tho harbour of Ohusan. . .- ... v . ? ... ¡ .v ' On the night of the third doy we sailed forth with' a : modérate ; wind; and a J bright moonlight. .-. .;'. ?'.?,.,"'..[ THE SILK TRADE. Silk jig in Shanghai just now what tho " Derby" is "at Taltcrsall's oarly^n.May, . Every ono is .talking nboutât, and , somo aro sppoula ting in it. " Tho'Cinnamon » are afraid bf tho nows by tho next mail, arid hWo reduced their dpmands by 90 , dollars , a-balo..,' ^Spmo .pooplo think thoyfäop their \yay plpar. with ¡this, reduc- tion, and have.bought up'tfOOO bales." 'Others,: howovor, bolloyo'that tjhis^yill -apt, dp.;, , They, ai-guo that'tho statistics of silk; tho stocltsin Eng-1 land, tho stopks/in,,^ n^lually in iShàrigtuî, look, bad for high prices ; thdt tho oaslost'thingin'the'world t6.bo'fl'y)»n»já demands'oro rdapg3^^ ïu'gL ; Çf t'tííi «jbtnton are the .danulots,arid Montagtíós bf .,tliis, settle mont. So John Chinaman is likoly to koop a large portion of1 his 12,000 bales, and also of his 80,000 bales up tho country, unless he.can make up his mind to lower his prices. '.' But our long-tailed friend is very rich. He has been tempted by last year's high prices to sell all that hoarded box silk which Chinamen (whose civilization does not extend to a national dobt or to joint-stock banking establishments) are in the habit of laying by for rainy days, Ho can afford, therefore, to hold, and at pro I sent he is not inclined to drop very low. !A curious illustration of Chinese govern rrient has arisen from tho sudden wealth accu- mulated in tho silk districts by. the domand ahd tho prices of tho last two' years. The mandarins (as in our ignorance wo call all Chinese officials, from a sergeant or a tide-! waiter to a governor.or a primo minister) wont fo'rth into the - country where wealth . was said.; to. havo .accumulated, for a gonoral ."jsqueeze." ; The official- oyo had" marked the spongo to ¿well, and the official ?hand descended to press it. But tho country folk-do- not manure -their mulberry trees, ¿nd pick their leaves, and breed their silkworms, and "wind their cocoons for mero amusement. They flow to arms-which were probably their bamboo carrying poles-and drove the squeez- ing party but of the country. " Tread upon a worm and it will turn," say we English, in orre' of those pompous falsehoods which pass from mouth to mouth as coined' wisdom. : The Chinese silkworm-breeder ought to have known that if you tread " hard «hough and full enough tlie worm will not turn, but will squeeze. Tho Mandarin party certainly knew this. They sent to Hangcbbw for soldiers-they returned and set fire to the village whence thoy had been ejected-and. now what was,., when...I traversed it last month, thc most prosperous district of China, is being visited with all the blessings of immediate Imperial attention. I should not wonder if this matter spread, for a Chinaman will fight for his dollars. HOW PEKIN IS FED. When we- have settled our differences with the . Cantonese, the scene of action will be re- moved to these northern ports. The Chinese officials, or "the Mandarins," as it is the custom to call them, are of opinion that'the decisive move, iii order tb coerce the Court qf Pekin, will be to cut off .the supply of food to tho capital. ' They,reason, according to Chinese logic, from the precedont of the last war ; and, for once, I am inclined to adopt the same conclusion, and from the same premises. In our 'previous experience tho Court was im- movable so long as we only killed, burnt, and destroyed in the provinces. Directly we put a muzzle; upon tlie mouths of the populace bf Pekin the Court was at our feet ; so it will be again. ; ... ;. . . . 1 have boen investigating how Pekin is fed. I cannot quote my authorities without certain lóssiof"the_ heads. of my. informants, but the following may be implicitly relied upon as in themain correct: There aro nine of tho eighteen provinces of China which produce rice, arid have, or rather had, mnuris of water communication with Pekin.. These provinces aro - Fuhkien, Chckiang, Kiangsi, Shantung, Hupeh, Hunan, Kiangsi, Nganhwiil, ' and Szchuen. These provinces^ according to ancient precedent, pay their tribute to tho capital in rice. They are 'bound to contribute in the jiggregate 10,000 junks, bach containing luOO piculs of . 183 lbs. English ; but in tho arrangement of the pro- portion Shuntang and Hunan, on account of their poverty or their small extent, only pay as half a province each. í , \ This arrangement gave an annual supply of. 10,00.0,000' piculs to the Impérial city, which," at the regular allowance of about l'j-lb. per day per month-such is the capacity bf the measure meted out to the soldiery -would feed a population of 3,000,000. The calculation, therefore, as is necessary in all large caleula tions, - allowed largely tor a amerence Deiweeu figures and facts. The rebellion, however, and especially the occupation of Chekiang, upon the Yang-tse, has deranged this 'comfortable state of things. The provinces south of the Yang-tse can no longer communicate . with the capital , by tho' inner waters ; Szchuen is obliged to send silver to Kiangsi, and thore purchase the rico which could not be sent from the province itself. In recent years tho 10,000,000 piculs have boen enormously diminished ; and tho Pekin ^Gazette has contained many lamenationa on this 'score. So late as the 30th Soptembor there is a memorial on this subject. Tho number of the 20th September contains 'tho answer of officers to the urgent orders alroady given to collect rice and send it round by Tiensin. There is no trade at Pekin, and tho. supply, is necessarily a very critical affair. Nankin formerly sont three millions, and Nankin has now other mouths to feed. Tho China merchants who bought the Szchuen rice wore never paid, for tho four lacks of dollars' sent from that pro vince, to pay for it woro em- bezzled, by ( tho . Mandarin»-an irregularity which has not tended to facilitate, matters. Tho other provinces had oxporioncod inunda- tions nnrl'" Inniiat.a. nn'rl' lind' Tmnnrínl or rnhnl nrmios in their neighbourhood, and they paid their quotas with difficulty.But still, tani bien, qm mal, 'Pèkirrrlias "boon fed. The supply, however, no longer reaches the city as formerly by tho Imperial Canal and tho other Inner waters, but'tho junks start front the coast, ¿nd by seaboard they voyage to the Gulf of Pecheli and tho mouth of tho Poiho. The custom is to'gather tho rico together upon tho coast so soon as tho harvest is got in. About tho 1st of January of our year tho Custom-houses lay embargo upon the junks, and rotain thom for tho annual voyage to Tiensin., Immediately aftor the 'commence- ment of tho hew year", which occurs carly in ' February, tho junks start, and struggling against tho advorso monsoon,": make their way in perhaps five or six weeks to the mouth of tho Peiho. ? - About tho; ton th day of the second mnntVi io flin t\nv nnlmilntn/1 fnr> fVinît» nvi-ltml. for by thia timo tho ico has disappeared from tho river. If this freight should arrive safo in Pokin our war with Ohina will last for 13 months longor. j THE BUND AT SHANGHAI. ,. Boforo wo loavo Shanghai I must ask tho British public to accompany mo in a morning walk upon tho Bund. It will bo hard if wo do j not find some few acones thoro illustrative of Ohinoso lifo and manners. Wo will start from i/i'o hotel, which notifios its whereabouts in tho roar of tho sottlotnont by a high flagstaff and a most demonstrative halinor. Tho street wo follow is bounded by tho garden walls and en- tráñeos of several '* hongs" - ornamented detached residences resembling a littlo tho villas in tho Itogonts-park. Our path is through a (jro'wd'of jostling couiips. Thoy aro carrying, balanced on their bamboo polos, choBts of ton, bales of silk, bricks of Syco silver, and burdons moro multifarious.- It is hard work. They oarn by continuous labour nearly 8s. a-doy. But a man is worn out in about soyen yoars, and ho then retires on his economies, and enjoys IIÍB hardly oarncd leisure upon a small plot of ground in tho interior. Wo now seo them at full work loading .and discharging cargo. Each as ho goes emits a sound Uko tho moan of a man in pain, " Ah ho ; ah ho." From oarly morning till eventide this chorus of sorrowful sound fills the air. It is moro multitudinous and monotonous .than the croak of tho frogs in the swamps, than the harsh grating cry of the cicadct upon the boughs. The habit, so far as I can discover, is confined, to this port ; but a Shanghai porter can no,. moro do his work without his "Ah ho !?' than a London paviour can get on without his "Hough." When tho English first came hero the house servants brought up the.soups and the legs of mutton sipging their. *'Ah ho" in procession through Ute ? dining- room. This, was promptly put down; but the out-of-döor chorus still pro- ceeds. Every moment from 800 chests comes th'is sad monotonous cry, depressing to tho spirits of new comers. I We'make.-'our way through this croaking crowd, and debouch upon tho Bund-tho broad' embankment; having on ono side the-wide' river, with 70 squaré-rigged vessels lying at eijsy!anchpr in its noble reach ; and on tho other side Üio.^:CÓmp.óunds," or ornamental grounds, each containing the'hong and the godowas of some one of the principal European commercial1 houses. The. only building on tho Bund which' is! of Chinese architecture is the Custom-house, j which is like a josshouse. {There is something going on at the Custom- -house.' " The Toutai's suite fill the outer court yárd. Some 20 fellows -wearing mandarins caps with fox-tails sticking out behind have swords attheir sides and form the military escort, Their trousers are much patched and theil odour is not fragrant ; yet, if one of these ragged ruffians would come to London and submit to , bo washed, Mrs. Leo-Hunter would ask lords and ladies to meet him and prosont him td her guests as "a mandarin, from. China." .There are two curious creatures having enor- mous gilt hairs on their heads and pheasant feathers protruding behind. They are rather shabbier and dirtier than their military com- rades, and look as though they had been turned out of Mr. Richardson's booth for lack of cleanliness. There are two executioners, con- spicuous by their black conical caps, their dark costume, and their iron chains, worn like a sword belt. Tho larger one is said , to bo Of wonderful skill in taking off heads ; the smaller excels in producing exquisite torture with tho bimboo. Lot us go inside. There is in- cense burning, and priests, aro chanting. Man- darins, with, white or red buttons to their caps, silk dresses, and very dirty hands, aro knocking their heads upon the ground before a little jos3. It is a Chinese ceremonial day. They have turned tho Custom-house into a joss house for . the . nonce, and are come here to " chin-chin " the God of Wealth, which means to pray for a good harvest, of import and export duties. . . .The,rito is soon performed. The Toutai comes forth, tho pro- cession is formed. It would look splendid in drawing or ; photograph, but it is squalid and ludicrous in itaj shabby, reality. Tho Toutai mounts his pony, tho large crimson parasol is raised above his h'ead-^-, j " Intorqné signo turpo militaría ' Sol adspíelt conoptum"- , ; and the eortkge moves off.. . . ' ;' iThero is a sound of gongs, and a crepitation ;of small crackers at the north end of tho bund, íarid the coolios leaving [ their work to look on. As it is a day for sight-seeing,, and sight- seeing is our business, let us. follow the crowd. .* : ' t lit is a burial procession. Tho mother bf a -Chinese opium broker is going to her last home. She carries with her all her little com- forts and necessities wherewith to begin life in the-next world. Many palanquins appear at unéqual distancos, preceded and followed by coolies marching four abreast.. These litters -contain small joss houses, and basins holding fruits, and sweatmeats, and bean cakes, and other orthodox Budhist comestibles. There,is good store also .of silvered and gilded'paper made to resemble solid ingots of gold and sil- ver. This is the woalth wherewith she is to appear in the land of ghosts as a respectable, well-to-do; matron. But if this bullioh pass current among the ghosts, they have lost the qualities which most distinguished them in the flesh. In life a Chinaman can distinguish the. exact finenèss of a piece of silver by tho touch, sb much so that tho word " touch" is used as -a technical term to indicate the quality of each' description of bullion : it must bo very har rowing to tho feelings of tho ghost of n Ohi noso comprador to find himself obliged to deal in theso shadowy ingots. On marches the procession. There aro little boys blowing shrill trumpets and other stranger wind instruments, mon excruciating our ears with cymbals and gongs,3 and. gravo adults exploding strings of crackers^ Then-comes the coffin-a strong wooden case like a carved and ornamented trunk of a tree. It is half-covered;bydraperies, and is borne by 12 coolies. It is hermetically sealed with that tenacious; plaster tho Ohineso ; call" chubarri." It will be borno to a josshouse in the city, and thence -to a spot in one' of her son's fields. Hero, it wilHrosfc on tho surfúco of the ground. Aiter the timo of mourning is past a few spade-' fulls of-earth "will bo shovelled upon it, then year by year a few moro till a mound arises and rank grn3S and Ohinoso' lilies spring up, and this old lady's habitation adds, another unit to tho myriads of sacred burrows which i cumber the rich soil, and sorve no purpose but a ¡harbour for the pheasants when tho crops I aro cut. Our En2lÍ3h books'unon Ohiria sav that only hills are sot. apart, for this purpose. Sir John Davis falls'into this error. " But our English writors, for tho most part, write only of what they have soon on tho banks pf tho Canton river. Botwoon Shanghai and Kcohing I have seen thousands of acres of alluvial soil which tho plough never turns bocauso thoy aro sacrod to tho doad. ; Wo have plonty of timo to look about us, for tho procession yot drags its slow length along. Tho denizons of tho Bund have turned out,to look, and business is proceeding. There is au English merchant urmnging tho salo of a cargo of rico with a Chinaman'. i" Wnntoo numba ono bad liceo for that.sojer -numba ono bud licoo?" " ; ' /'Number ono bnd rico for your soldiers,'1 says tho indignant Briton. " Why, wo always luvvo tho host provisions wo can obtain for our soldiors and áailors." Hoavon forglvo tho patriotic man of commerça ! but hq'novar saw a \j.-cuvclly biscuit, or oponed a tin of, Crimean prpsorved moat. " O, raaskoo, numba ono bad liceo too much good for Bojor man.," 