LEASES NOT GRANTS. (I lorn the Herald.) The more than, Cimmerian darkness ag to min ing fiiattdrs which lias hitlidrtd dhveloped the metropolitan mercantile community, and eke our Victorian legislators, shows fair promise of being rapidly dispelled. Tuesday's lricctimr at the Cri- terion rendered two things plain, first, the exist ence of great ignorance, and second, an earnest desire for enlightenment. No secret was made of the former; even by Mr. Langlands; who, as a legislator of some standing, should SUrcly by tLis time have imbibed a little knowledge from the various gold fields members (always provided that they had any to impart), aud upon the latter poiht numerous were the promises of amendment. That these will be fulfilled we believe there is little reason to doubt. The whole subject was so clearly and forcibly put by 3Ir. Charles Jtinnear, Chairman of the Cluncs Company; and the mani fold advantages derivable from mining leases to the country at large, so incontrovertibly proved by actual figures, that he would be indeed dull who refused to be convinced. It was shown that every shareholder in a company enjoying to be sure fixity of tenure, yet hampered with the dou ble payment of a ten per cent royalty, and a most extravagant price for having their quartz crushed, at the same time working in lodes of but average richness could yet earn his £10 per week. This is an indisputable fact. And in fu ture the profits will be yet more abundant ; for in place of the daily tale of forty tons now pro duced, one hundred at least will very shortly find their way to the stampers Of the Port Phillip Company. It is not, however, with a view to laud the ope rations of the Clunes Company, or to glorify the enterprise of Mr. Kinnear, highly deserving of praise though he is, that we speak of the present and future of this mining association. Our object is to sliow that an operation upon Crown land similar to that of the Clunes upon private pro perty would pay 50 per cent, better. The aver age yield, say 1 oz. 1 1 dwts., or at 76s. per oz., J&5 16s. 6d. Of this, lis. 6d. is paid to the pro prietor of the reef, and 55s. to the Port Phillip Company. Now it is no secret that quartz can be crushed and the gold extracted for £1 a ton, leav ing a fair margin of profit to the mill -owner. This being the case, £2 6s. 6d. out of every ton of quartz is lost to the Clunes Company. Now in any similar enterprise upon Crown lands, there would be no 10 per cent, to pay, the highest roy alty that could be charged being 21, and the mining company would of course have their own plant, that is, if a sufficient area were allowed them to induce the putting up of powerful ma chinery. Let us imagine a thousand such opera tions in full work— and it is no dream to suppose that there would be such a number very shortly — not less than 200,000 men would he profitably employed, and tlie revenue of the colony be in creased five millions. What the result would be upon the trade of 3Ielbourne it needs no ghost to tell. & nd what is there to prevent such a rapid development of our illimitable resources? The quartz is there, with the gold in it, and hundreds of actual miners are able and willing to embark their earnings in such enterprises. The 3Iining Board of Castlemaine has put its veto npon it, without adducing a single arguriient in support of their views that is worth a moment's considera tion. Why the very men who a couple of years ago were the most opposed to the introduction of capital upon the gold-fields are now the'.ih'ost anxious for the immediate granting of leases. " No monopoly" was tberi the cry, — but what is infinitely worse than monopoly is now rampant in the mining districts; thousands of miles of pro lific quartz reefs, and thousands of acres of old alluvial workings are positively lying idle. A few of the richer reefs are worked under the local regulations, and they require to be rich indeed to pay. Here and there, too, may b'e seen an ante diluvian fossicker scratching about for a bare living amongst the old headings in the' abandoned flats and gullies all over the country. Tlie Chi nese, with characteristic good sense, have left them long ago, and " gone to new fields and pastures green." Now all these reefs, and almost all this "worked out" ground, will return a handsome profit if wrought by proper machinery. Sib Chables Napier. — Receiving a sudden com mand froiri royalty to dine at Osborno with only a few hours notico, ha was goipg- down in a drab waisonat not of the newest, but was stopped by a romonstrau ce on the neoessity of court dross. He had no' other waistcoat, but suddenly rec'oHeoting that his' vallot,. a foreigner was a dandy , he exclaim ed, "Oh ! I dare say Nioholas has a fino waistooat I'll borrow it," — and so he did. The Chbistians in Turkey. — Accounts from Bosnia give frightful accounts of the atrocities perpetrated there upon the Christian raydhs by the Turkish landholders. Forty tenants at a place called 31asmea were, for non-payment of .rent or taxes, stripped stark naked and bound to trees, two and two together — the weather was bitterly cold— and water was then poured over them, until (adds the ' Gazette de Postes ) a coat of ice formed upon their limbs. They were left in that condition for one whole night. Next morning three were dead,- arid the' reiftairiirig thirty-seven were in a most deplorable condi tion. A Child was scalded to death _ last week, at Bury St'. Edmunds, arid it transpired at the in quest that the mother sent tne child to a Mrs. M'Kennin, who professed to 'j bless the fire out," which' ceremony, it seems, consisted in wetting, the child with saliva, and then commending it to divine protection; The' poor mother said this woman had cured one of her children that way,. but she failed on this occasion, arid' it transpired that it was a habit with poor people to take their sick children to Mrs. M'Kennin. Gambling in Gebmany. — Prussia is about to make a third attempt to put down gambling throughout the Germanic Confederation, having given notice of a motion in the Frankfort Diet for the compulsory closing of the various ca'sinok, kursaals, etc., which infest the banks of the Rhine. It is very questionable, however, whether licr efforts will be successful. The fact is the Governments that tolerate gambling cannot afford to be moral, and abolish it. The casinos are by far their most profitable source of revenue, and the crowds of foreigners they attract enrich the population. The Sacredxess of the Blind. Ariel surely we, the blind, are not the least care of God. Woe, woe, to hira who mocks— to lfim who harms us. Us whom the Divine law, the Divine power, has not only shielded from' injury, bilt has almost rendered sacred ! He seems, indeed, to' have brought this darkness upon us, riot sb much by the bedimming of our eyes, as by the over shadowing of His heavenly wings ; a darkness which lie not seldom' illumines with interior' ri'rid far more gracious light. So may I be consum mated by this infirmity ! So may I th'us he irradiated by obscurity. — John Milton Fatal Accident to an Englishman at Se- bastouol. — The following singular accident to' a fireman is mentioned iri' a letter from' th'e cap tain 6f the British screw steamer Beirout, of Loii- don, which formerly traded between this port arid' Syria, and lately conveyed passengers from Odessa' to Sebastopol.—"At Sebastopol I had a sad accident. Thomas Wood, the adopted son of Mr Hopper, first engineer, got killed. He was in the Beirout since her first starting from Liverpool. The way he got killed was this. 3Ir. Hopper gave him leave to go on shore to have a look at tbe trenches. While passing through them, he took up a shell which had bclnv lying there since the war, and on his throwing it down again, it burst, taking part ol' his head off, and breaking one leg." The deceased was a fino young fellow of 20, and belonged to the East Coast. AuoifDEAcoN CowrriE. — Tile numet'ous friends of Archdeacon Cowper will hear with deep regret that the illness under which lie has been labour ing for the last fortnight has assumed a more serious choraoter during tho last three days. As the venerable gentleman has entered his 80th yeur, his present condition is looked upon with great anxiety by his relatives, and more intimate friends,— Herald,- SpuriOus Bank Notes. — We ( Behdigb Adver tiser) are informed that some fofged £5 notes are in circulation, two luiViiig been detected . during Friday. They are oil the English, Scottish, rind Australian .Chartered Bank, numbered C. 04,952, signed F. A. Walsh, dated 1st January, 1856. Political Victims in France. — Signor 31azzini has published a copy of one of the sen tences, or orders for the deportation to Algeria, of a suspeeteil Frenchman. In his communication, Signor 3Iazzini adds that thirty or forty of these unfortunate persons have; since tlie 14th of 3Iarch arrived at Marseille?! nightly, arid been Silently conveyed to the pfenal settlement. The intended victims arc, he says, usually invited by the prefect to his office; to hear some communication relative to their private interests. Wiien they arrive . they are arrested; arid sent off without further ceremony. Coffer. — There is every reason .to believe that in a short time a very valuable addition will be made lo the mineral wealth of this district. A party prospecting for copper, within twenty milc9 of Ballarat, have bad tlie good fortune to discover a rich lode, and arc already 60 feet down with their shaft. Wc are in possession of full particu lars, but are not yet at liberty to make them p lib- lie. — Ballarat Times. The Wizard of the North. — :The Moiuoon hris hro'tight the celebrated Great Wizard of the North — Professor Anderson, whose presence in 3Ielbourne has been so long expected. We may now expect to sefe the magic art represented tin a scrile of splendor beyond that to ivhicK we h'ave yet been treated, and by one who ranks eminent as being the first in his art. He is accompanied by his family and by his secretary, 31r. Hirigstori. tie brings with him nearly twenty tonst of para phernalia and apparatus, the greater part of which is new, and has been manufactured expressly for his colonial tour. It was publicly exhibited in Birmingham previously to his departure, arid judg ing from the critiques of tlie local journals, rtmst be of a very gorgeous description. 3Ir. Anderson also brings with him an efficient retinue of ser vants, and is in every way prepared to commefice his performances immediately. As our readers are probably alieadyawarc he is under an engagement of six months to Mr. Coppin, and is to receive ii very large rcriraneratiori. — Age. ahe Gelts of Donegal. — ive have been re quested to give insertion to the.follorifirig appeal : — " Conntryineri and Fellow-Christians, — In the wilds of Donegal, dtiwn in the bogs anil gleriri of GweedoreariUCiougltaneely, thousands upon thou sands of human beings, made after the image and likeness Of God, are perishing, or next to perish ing, amidst squalidness and in misery, for want of food arid clothing, far away frnni human aid and pity. On behalf of these famishing victims of oppression arid persecution we venture to rippeal to your kind sympathies and religious feelings, and' hope thai, for the sake of Him who ho're otir in firmities, you will share with ris their distress by lending soirie substantial assistarice to enable' us to relieve their wretchedness, and rescue them from death and starvation. W e declare it in the face of the world, as our solemn conviction, that, in the sight of God and men, there is not a more precious offering than alms from the patriot's muscular hand, when given for. the love of country aod the relief of his kind." In order to answer this ap peal a meeting was held yesterday; at the Church of the Conception of the B.V.M., Castlemaine. J. Keating, Esq., presided, and the following re solutions Were unanimously passed : — Proposed by James Farrell, Esq., seconded by James Foley, D.R., — That so much as is necessary to alleviate iintriediate distress be first applied to that purpose, and that fhe refnainder be used to enable such as may be willing to emigrate to Victoria, or any of the Australian colonies. Proposed by 3Ir: Ed ward O'Keeffe, seconded by IV. Monaghan, — That the Rev. 3Ir. Smith' be appointed Treasurer. At the meeting £75 was collected froiri the few per sons present, and a farther amount is expected. 