SANDY BAY LOCAL EVANGELICAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY. A public meeting convened by advertisement, public notices, and circulars, was held at St. Stephen's Church Sandy Bay, on Monday evening last, for the purpose of taking the necessary steps to establish an Evangelical Mis d sionary Society in this locality. is Mr. Alderman Lipscombe presided, and Mr. Charles Friend acted as Secretary. The Chairman proceeded to explain the object of the meeting as stated in the advertisement which appeared in the "Mercury." The following Resolutions were moved and seconded by different persons, and unanimously adopted by Hw in 'ether. 1st. That it Missionary Society should be formed, designated the Sandy Bay Local Evangelic Society, in and for the District of Queenborough, commonly called Sandy Bay 2\. That the following prospectus be accepted by the meeting as a document containing suitable Hughes and proper principles by which the affairs of the Sandy Bay Local Missionary Society should be managed. Hero true lover read a copious document previously compiled by the Movers in this cause, in which the bounds of the District, the nature of the work, the doctrines to be taught, the agency to be employed, the meetings to be held, the officers to be elected, the funds to be collected, the object of the movers, and the origin of the Society, were clearly defined. 3\. That a Committee of preliminary arrange- ment, consisting of ladies and gentlemen, should be appointed to make the needless try arrangements for the final appointment of an Executive Committee, to be appointed for a week (D.V.) 4\. That this Meeting do now adjourn until next Monday Evening, and that the report of progress on the part of the Committee of preliminary arrangement be received by the Secretary Mr. Price I on friday evening next, after Divine Service at the Church. A vote of thanks was given to the Chairman and Secretary for their conduct in the Chair, an I diligence in making the necessary preparations for the Meeting. This Meeting was characterised with the greatest harmony throughout, and nothing contrary to Christian brotherhood manifested itself during the proceedings. During the evening, yoke is of sympathy and encouragement were received from Duncan McPherson time, Member for the District, and George Curtin is it Esq,., of the Grange, who have expressed their willingness to do all that lay in their power towards the propagation of the Gospel and the communication of Christian instruction in different parts of the District. The following statements were made during the Meeting. The Society is to be conducted on the s una principles of the British and Foreign Bible Society the London city M iss to, the Town Missions in England, the Home Missionaries Societies in England, Scotland and Ireland, the Evangelical Societies on the European Continent, in short, on the broad and liberal principle expressed in the Articles of the Church of England, the Presbyterian Churches, the Methodist Churches, and advocated in the documents and Sermons of the Congrega- tion lists, Independents, Baptists?, the Moravians, and all the Scriptural Protestants. I It was declared that there was nothing in the principle? of the Society contrary to the Doc- trial Articles of the Church of England, the Assembly Confession of Faith of the Church of Scotland, and the Articles of the Wesleyan Conference. The Motto of the Society was described to be the following, Holy Scripture containeth all things noces " sary to S ilvatiun ยก so that whatsoever is not *' read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is " not to be required by any man that it should be believed as an an area of the faith, or to " though!; requisite be necessary to salvation." The object of the Society is the preaching of the Gospel, and the comminication of Christian Instruction both in public and from house to housed by Lay and Clerical Agencies, Divine Services, Public Meetings, Sunday Schools, Domiciliary visits, Bible Classes, Cottage Loetiu es, C retention of the Scriptures and Religious Tracts, Conversational Meetings etc, lie., are to be conducted by the Soeieties'Agents under the direction of the Committee. The Society purposes teag.ue the services of Honorary Lay Misses mries,Yisitor3,Tenchers, and if possible to engage the Agency of a Clerical Missionary. The Doctrines which the institution purpose to propagate are those de- rivable from God's word, via The Full of Man, the Corruption of the Human Heart, the justification of Mau by Faith in Christ, his Regeneration and Smutiliealiou hythe Holy Ghost. The affairs are to be managed by a Committee consisting of a President, Treasurer, Secretary, and voting Members. The Society is open for all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, from the Bishop of Tasmania, the Moderator of the Presbyterian Church, the President of the Wesleyans, the Chairman of the Congregationalists, down to the most private Christina in his Imiublo cottage. The speeches having been delivered, the following at Clermont was read by the Secretary, which he headed, tree onions op titFj security. This Society originated with a few Christians who reside at Sandy Bay, and who felt the want of Evangelical preaching, and also were informed that neither the Government nor the Bishop of Tasmania were in a position to supply their wants. They therefore have adopted the Voluntary principle in order to secure local means of grace Ihr themselves, their families, and their neighbours. 'The Meeting was opened and closed with devotion and singing, and all the future meetings, of the Society must be opened and closed by prayer. 