NEWS AND NOTES, BY A SYDNEY MAN, New Series. IV. I in The Australasian is twelve days behind time, and no news of her yet. Our latest dates from Europe are to the 23rd of June. The Paris conference was sitting and there seemed every probability i a squabble over the Danubian business, Franc ' being desirous of uniting the provinces under or principality, and Lord Cowley, on behalf of England, insisting that the wishes of Turkey, whip point the other way, shall be consulted. It saith that the Duke of Malakoff is to be recalled from London at his own request, and that M Drouyn de Lhuys is to take his place as ambas r sador. The two publishers-Mr. Truelove and th ' Pole with the unpronounceable name have been placed on their trials for publishing; libels of Louis Napoleon, and acquitted without prosecution, the Attorney-General withdrawing the in dictments on condition of the. defendants mercy, saying that they didn't meant, and wouldn't d it again. If the Gallic cock swallows this it will do him good, and I am very much afraid that he will be obliged to do so. Not but that, in my; humble belief, those booksellers really merited some severe reproof. There is no Englishman who loves assassins or assassination; but the French Emperor committed a grave error when he tried the bullying system. The tone of the English press is still far from pacific The Stands has an article which is very significant, and calculated, I should imagine, to cause some uneasy ness at the Tuileries. After commenting on the recent State prosecutions, and urging the French liberals in England to respect the hospitality which shelters them, the Standard continues thus : They (the French exiles) should reflect that their position is not now so desperate as it once seemed. They may be called upon within a reasonable time to assist, under some new arrangement, in the re-organisation of their country. The clouds which overhung the future of France are just beginning to break up. One or two gleams of light have already fallen through. This new hope should awaken in them a greater sense of responsibility. When a party leader, however reckless in language he his been, begins to see the Ministerial benches within his reach, he usually softens his tone, and employs more guarded language. The French Republicans, whether they combine with a monarchical restoration or not, should meditate on this example. Their first duty, in case any great accident calls them to employ their talents in the service of their country, will be to contend with that furious desire of reprisals which they must know to exist in the depths of oppressed France. How can they perform that duty if they are not perfectly blameless themselves, and are not able to say that the moderation they will be obliged to recommend is in accordance with their own practice t There is not much ambiguity about this. The general tendency of public opinion, is also to be gathered from one of the latest contributions of the London correspondent to the Liverpool Albion. He scoffs at the deference displayed towards France, by changing the name of the Waterloo Gallery, and wonders what the ghost of the old duke would think of the Court, studiously avoiding anything that could be construed into a celebration of the 18th of June, bursting out into a horse like the blast of a trumpet : Now, Island Empress. wave thy crest on high, And bid the banner of thy patron flow, Gallant St. George, the flower of Chivalry, For thou hast faced, like him, a dragon foe, And rescued Innocence from overthrow, And trampled down, like him, tyrannic might ; And to the gaming world mayst proudly show The chosen emblem of thy sainted Knight, Who refuelled devouring pride and vindicated right. I expect that Hiern it will be a shindy soon, and wish with Falstaff, that it were bed-time and all well. The Boomerang will probably have carried off a few of your superflous population to Port Curtis. The " rush" continues here yesterday the crowd outside the Savings' Bank was as great as on the previous Monday, and decently dressed women were sitting on the north side of Barrack-street, out of the sunshine, for hours, waiting for an opportunity to get into the bank opposite. The crowd was chiefly composed of women, from which circumstance I presume that brothers, husband?, sons, and sweethearts have prevailed upon those knowing showers to prove themselves, for once, the " softer sex " Up to this evening the Eagle has not arrived, but the news brought by the Uncle Tom and the Albion, is good, and likely to increase the emigration fever. Is it not a proof of the rotten state of affairs in this part of the world, that so many scores hundreds of people swarm upon the merest hint, to another park I heard of names amongst the intending matters that belong almost historically to this dear and beautiful city real Sydney raven, and not like myself, belonging to the order of new houses, about which there was such a fuss in Brisbane some years ago. Nor is the excitement confined to Sydney, for a telegram from Melbourne, dated last Saturday night, says, that nine vessels are laid on there for Port Curtis. From all that has yet been made public, this eagerness is scarcely warranted ยก but no doubt it is stimulated by private letters more than by anything that appears in the papers. Only about 22 ounces of gold came up by the Uncle Tom, but this included a nugget weighing six ounces, and the published communications say that there is about 80 pounds waiting for shipment. Fifteen hundred persons, in all, have left Sydney alone for the new diggings, since the fever set in. At this moment the Boomerang, Yarra Yarra, and City of Sydney are absent, on their way to or from the north. The Waratah goes to-morrow night, the Wonga s Wonga on Thursday, and the Tamar on Saturday; ยก The A. S. N. Co. will reap a pretty good harvest from this rush, and you may think yourselves i lucky that the Clarence is spared to you I As to Wide Bay, the dozey old Eagle, is promised to that "settlement," when she comes back if ever she does return. At present it is supposed that she has been abandoned by her crew. Captain Lake seems to have had a difficult job to get the Uncle Tom back to Sydney, having been obliged to charter shepherds in place of his crew, who, with the chief mate, found gold more attractive than far. No doubt Port Curtis will by means of all this excitement, be precipitated" into a state of considerable importance, and within a few weeks the population at Rockhampton may amount to many thousands; but the sufferings that will have to be endured ere yet to be heard of. Just let anybody for a moment imagine the effect of a rush like this upon a place like Moreton Bay where at least some little provision had been made for the accommodation of visitors; and then let him fancy the condition of shipload after shipload of ' diggers landing in a place where only a few weeks since but two huts stood ; where the sun blazes out with more than four degrees greater intensity than at Brisbane, and where, with the exception of the ten policemen who left Sydney in the City of Sydney, there is no guarantee that the weak may not have to yield everything to the strong one, and even the big bully be obliged to succumb to a bigger. Sydney and Melbourne swarms with desperate men, who would set their lives on any chance, to mend them, or be rid of them and amongst these there will be many who will draw prizes in this lottery ; but I venture to predict that of those who may leave Moreton Bay nine tenths will wish themselves back again before they have sniffed for one week the fever and ague await- ing them. It is a comfort to know that all the spare doctors of Sydney are going off to this new harvest, and, if any attention were paid to the " performance" of funerals at a newly- opened gold-field, there would be a splendid opening for an undertaker also. A shocking event occurred here last Friday evening. Mr. Robert Broughton, a solicitor, lately managing clerk for Mr. Husband, but since practising on his own account, went out to South Head in a dog-cart, accompanied by Baron Haines, a well-known resident of this city, and formerly a captain in the 10th Hungarian hussars. It appears that Mr. Broughton and the Baron were on very intimate terms, had business transactions, and were frequently in the society of each other. Broughton was living with of Mrs. Stanley, who was ostensibly his housekeeper, and the Baron appears to have been, according to his own showing on good terms with that lady. The next chapter in the history is that Broughton fell over the cliff at South Head, and was dashed down on the rocks below, a distance of nearly two hundred feet Baron Haines states that they had one glass of ale each on the way out, and a little brandy 01 arrival at the South Head, and that they then strolled out to the cliff, and were reclining, on the grass near the edge, smoking their cigars and talking about the wreck of the Dunbar, when suddenly Mr. Broughton turned from one side to the other, and in an instant disappeared. A boy employed at the South Head semaphore testifies t the great anxiety manifested by the Baron give his friend fell over, and his eagerness even to g over the cliff, by means of a rope, but that the only rope at hand was not suitable for the purpose. The body of the unfortunate man was not recovered until Saturday, and only then with great difficulty. Of course it was almost crushed to a jelly The head was lying bent under the chest, the arm spread abroad, with one of the hands bearing mark of having clutched at the rocks in this terrible plunge, and the logs bent and broken under the body. It was remarkable that the boots worn by the deceased (uncle boots with elastic sides), were found at some distance from the body, and the one of them had the solo nearly torn off. The impression is that this was caused by striking. against the sharp points and ledges of the rocks as the falling man turned over and over in his downward career. Oh the horror of those few rapid seconds ! There needs no more than on thought of this to account for the wild an amazed demeanour of Baron Haines, who appears to me like a man thunderstruck. The Coroner jury, after a long investigation yesterday, returned a verdict of accidental death, and acquitted Baro Haines of all blame in the matter. At the same time they called attention to the danger of leaving the cliff unguarded by any kind of fence, and no doubt this awful event will cause the recommendation to be attended to Mr. Broughton was the son t a respectable solicitor in London, Just about the time when the news of this at a cident was creating the greatest anxiety in Sydney on Friday night, some scoundrels were engaged the nefarious amusement of cutting down the telegraph posts, and destroying the wire, on the Goulburn line. The telegraph clerk at Goulburn finding the electric oil cutt cut off, sought the reason next morning, and ascertained that the wire had been separated in several places, an some of the posts felled with an axe. Luckily it scoundrel who did this mischief has been caught and the Goulburn magistrates, to their great credit, have sentenced him to twelve months' in prisonment with hard labor. He says that I and another, man tossed up who should do i and at present refuses to tell the name of his a complice, but the Government has offered a,' reward for his apprehension and conviction. Burrendong seems to be sharing the favors Plutus with the Fitz Roy River. A certain M " Hopping Tom," you will see, who lately foul a twenty pound nugget, has since picked up 301 more, and two Vandals called "-Paddy" an "Nosey Jem," have collected 30lbs weight. Pam those horrible Gotha getting up the ladder li' this ! Hopping Tom's carriage will probably soon be " stopping the way," and Nosey Jem stands good chance of appearing in an early number the Court Circular. Melbourne has agreed to pay for a line of steam ora was Suez, conjointly; with the Imperial Government so that there W likely to be a fortnight communication, by Suez and Panama alternate! A soldier of the Artillery Corps, named Jas] Weir, was yesterday wounded by the explosion a charge in one of the big guns, during exercises The poor fellow was carried off to the hospital was a fractured jaw, and several fingers shattered. By the last Melbourne steamer a distinguish visitor arrived in Sydney no less a person than the brother of the reigning King of Wurte burg, travelling under the name of Count H denheim. . You will most likely have him up the north, as it is scarcely probable that he vi miss Port Curtis amongst the rest of the Australian lion'. We have a branch Rarey at present here Mr. Chorevoy, an American, who last Friday si ceeded in astonishing a wild and wilful mare, a bringing her to perfect subjection. Al thou not present I fully believe in the perfect success his performance, altercation was witnessed byes: of the best judges of horses in this city. J Cherevoy shut himself up in the box with a mitre, and, after the lapse of somewhat more in on hour, re-appeared with his pupil, which was so tame that she permitted her hoofs to be lifted, a saddle to be put on her back, and a groom to ride her up and down the stable-yard. Oheravoy, who says that he learnt the art from Rarey offers to impart it to others at the small charge of ten guineas a-head, under condition of secrecy. What a benefactor that man will be to his race who dis- covers a method of curing intractable donkeys ! Captain Cadell has achieved a great triumph, having arrived with one of his steamers at Gundagai, at the head of the Murrumbidgee naviga- tion, after a voyage of nearly 2000 miles. This feat may lead to even greater enterprises, and the navigation of the Darling is no longer an imprac inability. Trio Sydney Quarter Sessions commenced yesterday. There are but nine cases for trial. Mr. Isaac has given notice of motion for the introduction of a Bill into the Legislative Council) for the appointment of a fourth judge " to be resident in Sydney." The Governor-General and family have gone t) Wollongong. The Bishop of Sydney is on a tour in the Western districts. Of course it must be all nonsense about his Grace Archbishop Polding having gone to the Port Curtis diggings. I presume that the venerable prelate has visited Brisbane. A poor woman named Flynn, residing with her husband in Albion-street, missed her child, a little girl about fifteen months old, on Sunday morning last, and, after long search, found the poor infant smothered in a cesspool, into which it had fallen. On the same day a little boy, two years old, was drowned in a tan pit at the Glebe. There is no parliamentary business to-night, as the Assembly now only meets on Thursdays and Fridays, and in the Council there was no quorum. Tuesday night, Sept. 21st. 