THE DEBT UPON ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH. On Sunday afternoon a large meeting was held by the community attend- ing St. Joseph's Church, to devise means for defraying the debt that mains on that building, when the Bishop read the following address, which will explain the actual state of things, and, no doubt, produce the effect that is desired. TO; THE CATHOLICS OF HOBART TOWN, AND ITS VICINITY. Enthoven OF OUR Loan, You are too well aware, unhappily, that some conversions regarding temporal matters belonging to St. Joseph's Church have long delayed a final settlement At length, however, every obstacle has been removed. The land on which the Church and other buildings stand, has been duly conveyed, by grant from the Crown, to the Trustees elected by you in December last. To effect this desirable settlement I have, relying on your faith, your zeal, and generosity, made myself personally responsible for Fifteen Hundred Pouiids(£lfiÖ()),iuid £43lSn.6iI.cxpc.i ses in obtaining tile Grant, and for the settlement of this long pending question. The payment, therefore, of this 1945 I's. Oil. will render the Church, and the whole of the adjoining property, and are free from all debt. The Church being now your indisputable property, let it not stand in debt. To you, then, I am compelled to appeal to assist in relieving me from this heavy burden I have ventured to take upon me. This appeal will ant, I am sure, be rejected with a e old refusal, or cold indifference. 1 only case of each one, what he, or she can reasonably give, I do, however, on this occasion, ask for something of every one. even a trifle from the child in the arms of its mother. Those whom God has blest with ample means will I trust, help me liberally and cheerfully and remember Sacred Scripture tells us, that " God loves the cheerful giver. Those who have received less will, no doubt, give according to their means. The poor Widow mentioned by our Blessed Lord, in the 12th chapter of St. Mark, gain more by her two miles, than the rich, who gave"Hümidantly ; because, solely for God's honour, she gave all .' she possessed." You are not counseled, nor'r'equire.l,~ta give all you possess, but you are advised not to weigh with cold and niggardly feelings how little you can give; but with a generous and confiding heart, and a cheerful mind, to give freely : knowing, that whatever you have, whether it be much or little, comes from Him, who is " the giver of all good gifts:" I make this appeal to you, in the hope that this burden may be speedily taken from me for to a great extent, as long as it presses upon me, my energies in many ways, as Bishop, must be crippled, with my efforts paralyzed. Once this burden is removed, by Heaven's blessing, I hope I shall be in a position of the Almighty spares me a little longer, and decrees that I should remain with you to assist not only you in your efforts to serve Him, and sanctify your souls, but also those who have an equal claim upon me throughout the island. ' Tlucommon adage, that "those who would be helped, must also help themselves," will, I feel confident, hold good on this occasion and in proportion as your zeal, faith, and generosity shall be manifested, in proportion will there be generous hands stretched out far and wide to held you. I Miall wish-and measures, shall be adopted to secure it being carried into creet that the name of every individual who shall act in this good work, shall be faithfully registered end the amount he gives either at one time, or weekly, or monthly, stated. In conclusion, the beautiful exhortation made by St. Paul to his zealous converts at Corinth, shall now be addressed to you: and remember, for your comfort and encouragement, that it was inspired by the Holy Ghost. " Noivjjthis I say: He who soweth sparingly, shall also reap sparingly and he who soweth in blessings, shall also reap of blessings. a very one as he hath determined in his heart, not with sadness; or of necessity for God loveth the cheerful giver. " And God is able to make all grace abound in you is that ye always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound in every good work. "As it is written : He hath disposed abroad, he hath given to the poor : his justice remained for ever. so And he that ministereth seed to the sower, will both give you bird to eat and will multiply your seed, and increase the growth of the fruits of your justice." (2 Cor. x.) 4 " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." . As soon as the address had been read the following resolutions were passed, without a dissentient voice. Proposed by Mr. Anstey,M,H.A., and seconded by Mr Murphy,- ~ 1\. That this meeting wishes to express its gratitude to the Right Rev. the Bishop, for having taken upon himself the responsibility for the skin named in his paternal 11 dress, and pledges itself to use the most strenuous endea- yours to procure funds for its liquidation, as soon as possible. Proposed by Mr. Roper, and seconded by Rev. W. Bond. 2\. That in order to carry into effect the first resolution, it is advisable, that subscription lists should be immediately opened, and other measures adopted, for obtaining funds. Moved by Dr. McCarthy and seconded by Mr. John Doyle. 3\. That the View General will be pleased to allow two persons to he placed at the Church door, each Sunday, in order to take down the names and receive the donations of all who wish to contribute towards the lands, and that he be advised to confide collecting IIJJIIS to different members of the congregation, in order to mark down U Militions, or weekly, or monthly subscrip- tion-, as proposed in the Bishop's appeal. Proposed by Mr. H. Hunter, and seconded by Mr. McLoughlin. 4\. That the Vicar General be requested to state from time to time, the progress the fund makes, in order to encourage the zealous, and to spur on the lukewarm. Moved by Mr. Henry Doyle, and seconded by Mr. John O'Boyle. 5\. That the following members of the community be appointed to assist the Vicar General, in arranging plans, and carrying out his suggestions for the success of the good work. 0 A subscription list was then opened and money to the amount of £316 7s 6d I actually laid on the table, and names, with, promises given for £2 Lismore. j making a total of £522 7s. 6d. We are inf v ned, that further cont buttons have been sent in since the meeting was held. 