llWu t; ;-?- ??-? PLEASE TO LEAVE YOUR UMBRELLA, "I made a visit the other day to the Palace at Hampton Court I may have' -read. my little reason for being in the best of humours with the Palace at Hampton Court ; but that little reason is neither here (ah ! I wish it were here !) nor there "" v ninths readiest of moods for comply- ing with any civil request, I was met, in ^fjue,entrance hall of the public apart- ments at Hampton Court, by the most obliging of policemen, who requested me to leave my umbrella in his custody at the foot of the stairs. Most willingly," said I, .' for my umbrella is very wet." So the policeman hung it on a rack, to drip on the stone floor with the sound of an irregular clock, and gave me a card of authority to restrain it when I should come out again. Then, I went prosperously through the long suites of deserted rooms, now looking at the pictures, and now leaping over the broad old window vents and looking down into the rainy old gardens, with "their formal grave, 1 walks-, dipped trees, and trim turf banks-gardens with nan insanity on. -. There was only one, other visitor (in very melancholy boots)' at, Hampton Court that blessed day,! safe soon went; his long gave way,! vassiraattilydark-in the piers and lights in the windows, and was seen no more. :rN\">ï. sorrow's 'i "I wonder," said I, in the manner of the sentimental ¡ Journeyed, " I wonder, Yorick, whether, with this little reason in my bosom, I should ever want to get out of these same interminable suites of rooms, and return, to noise and bustle ! It seems to me that I could stay here very well until the grisly phantom of the pale horse came at a gallop up the staircase, seeking me. My little reason should make of these queer dingy closet rooms, these little corner chimney pieces tier above t r. this old blue china of squat shapes, these dreary old state , bedsteads with attenuated posts, nay, dear Yorick," said I, stretching forth I my hand towards a stagnant pool of i blacking in a frame, " should inal; even of these very works of art, an enemy passing universe of beauty and happiness The fountain in the staid led and white courtyard without (ft r he had turned that angle of the building), would never fall too monotonously on my car, the four chilled sparrows now fluttering on the brink of its basin would never chirp a wish for change of weather, no bargain n on the lain speckled river, no wa> farer rain belated under the Lnfless trees in the park, would ever come into my fancy as examining in despair t those swollen clouds, and vainly peering for a ray of sunshine. I and my little reason, Yorick, would keep house here, all our lives, in perfect contentment and when we died our ghost should make of this dull palace the first building ever haunted happily !'' , , I had got thus far in my adaptation of the Sentimental Journey when I was recalled to my senses by the visible presence of the Blacking which I just now mentioned. "Good heavens!" I cried with a start : know I think of it, what a number of articles that policeman below stairs required me to leave with him !" " Only an umbrella. He said no more than, Please to leave your umbrella." "Faith, Yorick," I returned, ''he in vested on my putting so much valuable property into my umbrella, and leaving it all at the foot of the stairs before I entered on the contemplation of many of these pictures, that I tremble to think of the extent to which I have been despoiled. The policeman demanded of me, for the time being, all<the best bump- in my head. Form, color, size, proportion, distance, individuality, the true perception of every object on the face of the earth or the face of the Heavens, he wasted on my leaving at the foot of the stairs before I could con- fide in the catalogue. And now I find the moon to be really made of green cheese ; the sun to be a yellow wall. For a little round blister ; the deep was d st a to be a shallow series of slate-coloured festoons turned upside down ; the I t tuan lace divine to be a smear ; the whole material and immaterial universe to be sticky with treacle and polished up with backing. Conceive what I must be, through all the rest of my life, if the I policeman should make off with my umbrella and never restore it !" filled with the terrors of this idea, I retraced my steps to the top of the stairs, and looked over the hand-rail for any precious property. It was still keeping time on the stone pavements like an irregular clock, and the policeman (evidently possessed by no dishonest spirit) was reading a newspaper. ' Calved and composed, I resumed my musing way through the many rooms. Please to leave your umbrella. Of all the Powers that get your umbrella flora you, Taste is the most encroaching and insatiate. Please to put into your umbrella, to be deposited in the hall until you come out again, all your powers of comparison, all your experience, all your individual opinions. Please to accept with this ticket for your um bella the individual opinions of some other person whose name is Some- body, or Nobody, or Anybody, and to swallow the same without a word of demur. Be so good as to leave your c) as with your umbrellas, gentlemen, and to deliver up your private judgment with your walking sticks. Apply this ointment, compounded by the learned Dervish, and you shall see no end of camels going with the greatest ease through needles' eyes. Leave, your umbrella full of property, which is not by any means to be poked at; this collection with the police, and you shall acknowledge, 'net' or you will find, this hideous porcelain ware to be beautiful, these wearis finely still and uni- imaginative forms to be ' graceful, these coarse clubs to be master pieces. Leave your umbrella and take up your gentility. Taste pro- claims to you what is the genteel thing ; receive it and be genteel ! Think no more of your limbs classes they the care of the Police of Scotland Yard ! Think no more for yourselves-be you the care of the Pulle of Taste ! -I protest that the very tax gatherer does not demand so much of me as the Powers who demand my umbrella. The tax-gatherer will not allow me to wear hair-powder unmolested ; but the Um- brella gatherer will not allow me to wear my head. The tax-gatherer takes toll of my spade ; but the Umbrella gatherer will not permit me to call my spade, n ' spades Loi gives, Arista the, Doctor Wangan, and the Musical Glasses Parliamentary Commissions, the Lnrd-Kuows-Who, Marlborough House, and the Brompton Boilers, hare declared my spade to be a mop stick. And I must please to give up my um . brella and believe in the mop stick. Again. The moral distinctions, and the many remembrances, and balances of This and That, which I am required by other authorities to put into my so often demanded umbrella and to leave in the lobby, are as numerous as the Barnacle family. It was but it session or two ago that I went to the gallery at the Old Bailey, to hear a trial., Was my umbrella all that I was called upon to leave behiiifl,previous to taking my seat? Certainly not. I was requested to put so many things into is that it became, though of itself a neat umbrella, more bulky than Mrs. GatnpV.- I found it insisted upon that I should cram into this unfortunate article all the weighty comparisons I had ever made in my life between the guilt of laying hands upon a pound of scraggy mutton, and upon hundreds of thousands of pounds of sterling money. I found it insisted upon that I should leave with my umbrella before I went into court any suspicions I had about me (and I happened to have a good many), that distortion and perversion of the truth, plainly for the purpose of so much gain, and for the enhancement of a professional reputation, were to be observed there, outside the dock, and beyond the prisoner. I found myself required to take a ticket, conventionally used in that place, in exchange for my natural perception of many painfully ludicrous things; that, should have' become obsolete 'long ago. '"Not that I complain of] this particular demand at the door ;' for, otherwise how could I have borne the fearful absurdity, of the judge being unable to discharge the last awful duty of his office without putting on h strange little comical had, only used for the dismissal of a blood-stained soul into e emily ? Or how could I have withheld namely from bursting out what" a fit of laughter, which would have been contempt of court, when the same ex attend fiitit'tioniiry and two virtuous conn i sel (I never in my life had the pleasure of hearing two gentlemen talk so much virtue) were grimly pleasant on the dressing-up in woollen wigs of certain Negro singers, whose place of entertainment had been innocently the scene of a manslaughter, while the exalted func- tional by himself, and the two virtuous counsels themselves, were at that very moment dressed up in woolly wigs, to the full as false and rid unions me any theatrical vi, in the world, only the were not of the negro' color r. ' But, when I went to the Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons, I had a (greater load to leave with my umbrella than Christian had to lay down in the Pilgrim's Progress. The difference between Black and White, which is really a very large one, and enough to burst any umbrella, was the first thing I find to force into mine. And it was well for me that this was insisted on by the police, or how could I have escaped- the sergeant-at-arms, when the very same member who on the last' occasion of my going to the very same place I had with mine own ears heard announce with the profoundest emotion. that he came down that house expressly to lay his hand upon his heart and declare that black and while, and there was no such thing as bl ck, lv w announced with the profoundest emotion that he came down to that horse expressly to lay his hand upon his In an and declare that while was black and there was no such' thing as white ? If you have such an article about you (said the umbrella-maker to me in effect as the distinction between very ill-constructed common-places, and sound patriotic facts, you are requested to leave it at the door here By all means said I You , have there a noun of multitude signify- ing many, called the country ; please to put that, too, in your umbrella willingly, said I Your belief that public opinion is not the lobby of this place and the bores of the club, will be much in your way, and every body else's hereabouts ; please to leave that like- wise You are welcome to it, said I. But I am bound to admit that thus denuded, I passed quite a pleasant evening; which I am certain I could not have done, if I had been allowed to take my umbrella and its cumbrous contents in with me. Please to leave your umbrella. I have gone into churches where I have been required to leave my umbrella in a sham mediums porch, vii h hundreds of eventful years of history squeezed in among its ribs. I have gone into public assemblages of great pretensions even into assemblages gathered together in der the most sacred "f names-and my umbrella, filled to the handle with my sense of Christian fairness and modern tion, has been taken it on me at the door. All through life, according to my personal exp friend, I must please to have my umbrella, or I can't go in. I had reached this point and was about toaposlrophise Yurick once more, when a car in voice requested rock, in obliging tones, to " claim my umbrella." I might have done that, without a ticket, as there was no other on the rack in the till at Hampton Court Palace, whither I did now worked my way round by another course, without knowing it. However, I gave back my ticket, and got back my umbrella, and then 1 and iny'Hftle reason went death wing away under its shelter through the fast-sailing spring rain, which had a sound in it that day like the rustle of the coming sum mer Household Words. 