ADELAIDE, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1858 The ecclesiastical movement with which Mr. Binney's name is so prominently identified has just taken an unexpected turn, The memorial to the Bishop, signed by His Excellency the Governor-in-chief, and numerous influential Churchmen, has been met by a counter-memorial at the head of which stand the highly respectable names of the President of the Legislative Coun cil, the Hon. the Surveryor-General, and the Hon. Major O'Halloran. There is, perhaps nothing so very remarkable in the fact of a counter-memorial being prepared as a High Church protest against a movement which had for its object the admission of a "Dissenting" minister into th epulpit of an Episcopalian church ; nor can we quarrel with the counter memorialists, howerer much we could have wished that they had felt themselves able to co operate in so essentially Christian charitable a plan. This is, however, their business; and we shall only add that if Episcopalians choose so to nurse their bigotry as to exclude them selves from the advantages of hearing within their own sanctuaries the "unordained" minis ter whom they follow from lecture room to lecture-room, and from "conventicle" to 'conventicle.' it is quite heir own matter. Mr. Binney's co-religionists are perfectly satis fied to keep Mr. Binney to themselves, although their liberality would have willingly given him up for the universal good. They are also to be credited with having made overtures of fraterni zation to those from whom they have nothing to fear and no favor to crave. If Churchmen prefer to emulate the policy of the Chinese, and to hedge themselves round about with the great walls of ecclesiastical formalism and spiritual pride— long may they live to enjoy their isolation. But we may add, that the same spirit of Christian charity that prompted other deminations to stretch forth the hand of honest brotherhood to their fellow-believers, though of another ecclesi astical organization, still lives and moves within them, and will not be found wanting when the loving and holy principles of Christianity shall regain ascendancy over the obsolete ideas or eccle siastical domination, and the ridiculous fiction that makes a superior minister of an inferior man. So much for the great fact of the counter memorial ; and now we come to the circumstances under which it was drawn up and subscribed. From the letter signed "G. W. Hawkes," and "Nathaniel Oldham," it will be seen that those gentlemen and their co-religionists have com mitted the extraordinary blander of supposing that Mr. Binney is about to edit the pamphlet which has been advertised during the past few days in the local press! They say, in a letter to Mr.Binney :— ' Observing from an advertisement in the daily papers, that you are about to edit a correspondence," &c.;, and then proceed to invite Mr. Binney to include in "his pamphlet", the counter- memorial to which we have adverted. They say, ' Had not you, however, notified your intention to publish the documents specified in your advertisement, we nevertheless, as a mark of courtesy and respect, should have sent you a copy of our memorial." We must confess to the great astonishment we feel on finding that the gentlemen whose names are appended to the oounter-memo- rial should have acted upon such rash, such utterly careless promptings. Mr- Binney is not about to edit a pamphlet. Mr. Binney has not inserted any advertisement in the papers re specting such a pamphlet. Mr. Binney will, in fact, be not more an editor of this pamphlet than will Mr. Hawkes be, or Mr. Oldham. Their letter will probably be included in the correspon dence, and Mr. Binney's compositions will be there too; but the latter has no more to do with the editing than have the former. The facts are simply these. The editor of this journal, seeing how great an interest was taken in Mr. Binney's movements, resolved to collect in a pamphlet the various reports, letters, &c.;, that had appeared in the Advertiser, believing that the public would like to see them in a col lected form. this, of course, he had a perfect right to do; and having determined to do it, he afterwards communicated his purpose to Mr. Binney, and asked that gentleman to contr bute a few prefatory sentences to introduce the other matter. Mr. Binney' at once agreed, and promised to write the brief introduction asked for. Upon this the editor of this paper took action, and caused to be inserted the two announcements (one in the Advertiser and the other in the Register) which have proved to he a mare's nest in the hands of the counter-memorial ists. There was no intention to write a book; no intention to do more than collect various items that had been already a print, and to have them introduced by a few sentences from the pen of Mr. Binney. Mr. Binney would not know, does not know of what the pamphletmay consist, except as informed by the advertisements, which he saw for the first time in print. He, however, never imagined on reading those announcements that he was expected to "edit" a pamphlet, as Messrs. Hawkes and Oldham concluded. and if any of our readers, except the counter-memo rialists, can extract form those advertisements that Mr. Binney is to be editor of the pamphlet then, say we— farewell to Syntax! The follow ing is an exact transcript of the advertisement from the Advertiser: "MR. BINNEY.— A Pamphlet will shortly be published including a full and corrected report of the Breakfast at White's Rooms ; the whole of the correspondence be tween His Excellency, Mr. Binney, the Bishop of Ade laide, and other gentleman; also th eMemorial to the Bishop from members of the Church of England, and the comments of the Press, with an introductory paragraph by the Rev. Thomas Binney. "Advertiser and Chronicle Offices, 117, Hindley-street, and by all Booksellers." The subjoined is the advertisement in the Register: — ''The Binney Correspondence, &c.; Shortly will be published in form of a Pamphlet, the whole of the Cor respondence between His Excellency the Governor-in- Chief, and the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the Rev. A. R. Russel, and other gentlemen, on the proposed Fraterni sation of Protestant Churches. The Pamphlet will also include a full and corrected Report of the Breakfast given to Mr. Binney, at White's Rooms, together with the opinions of the public press on the movement; with an introductory Preface by the Rev. Thomas Binney. "Advertiser and Chronicle Offices, 117, Hindley-street, Adelalde; and may be had at all Booksellers." It would be an insult to any man of ordinary education to suppose that he would really gather from the above announcements that Mr. Binney was to edit the correspondenee. Of course the grammatical construction absolutely precludes such a supposition; and it really makes us feel ashamed to say that if it was intended to repre sent Mr. Binney as the Editor, there would have been a full stop at "Preface," and the following word—' by' — would have commenced with a capital B, thus forming a distinct sentence. The fact is, the gentlemen who signed the memorial in question could not have read the advertise ment; and if their arguments in support of ex duding Mr. Binney from church are no better founded than their statement that he is the Editor of the forthcoming pamphlet, they will be very easily refuted. Mr. Binney's letter to Messers. Hawkes and Oldham we shall leave to speak for itself; but there is another rather curious incident in connection with this business that we cannot overlook. It will be seen that one of Mr. Binney's communications in today's impression commences with the words, "Having been solicited by the editor of this book to furnish him with with two or three prefatory paragraphs, I beg leave," &c.; as a newspaper is not usually called a "book" and as it is not customary for editors of newspapers to ask their correspondents for "two or three prefatory paragraphs, some explanation is required on this point. The fact it, that the communication beginning with the words above quoted - is the ???? preface to the pamphlet. If we are asked why, then, have we published it first in the newspaper?-we can answer, because Mr.Binney has sent it for publication, in that form, in both the daily papers. If we are again asked, why did Mr. Binney, having promised an original preface to a pamphlet, send it beforehand for publication in the news papers, we can only suppose that Messrs. Hawkes and Oldham's singular miscon struction of the advertisements his induced a fear in the mind of Mr. Binney that he might be still further misunderstood if he wrote any thing original in the pamphlet in any shape what ever. - Should these explanations not be satisfac tory, the public have the facts before them, in the various letters and documents bearing upon this question, and we shall leave each reader to form his own opinion. The pamphlet will be published, as at first intended, except that the promised original preface will appear there as an extract only. We shall, however, now in clude various other papers, essential to a com plete and impartial epitome of the movement, which we still hope will not be without its use fulness in the advancement of the great end toward which it was directed. We are glad to see that a movement is now on foot, having for its object the oonsummation of that Christian union which at one time it was hoped had been virtually effected, and which at another moment it was feared had been indefi nitely delayed. It is, howerer, a matter of honest congratulation that in spite of the superficial ruffle caused by adverse winds, the tide of pro gress is still rising, and that the first memorial to the Bishop, unfortunately discouraged by the second, is now in course of being vigorously supported by a third. The memorial, herewith appended; is in course of signature ; and will, we believe, before presentation, contain a larger number of names than either of the others. It evinces a determination on the part ot its pro moters not to let slip the present favorable oppor tutfty of cementing more closely than heretofore the bonds of Christian brotherhood. The follow ing is a copy o£ the new memorial : — "TO THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS, LORD BISHOP OF ADELAIDE &c.;, ' We, the undersigned, members of the United Church of England and Ireland, cordially attached to her doctrines, ritual, and polity, and venerating her as an honored branch of the Universal Church of Christ, believe, nevertheless that other ecclesiastical associations, national and otherwise, adhering to the same doctrines, though differing in their forms of worship and government are also essential integral portions of the same evangelical catholic church. "We believe, moreover, that as members of this one church, in union with the same Divine Head-partaking of the same grace, rejoicing in the same glorious hopes- it is incumbent upon all to love as brethren, and though as yet unable to see eye to eye on matters non-essential, to exercise, meanwhile, mutual forbearance - to hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life-and to emulate each other in works of charity, and in strenuous efforts for the world's evan gelisation and the church's purity. "Entertaining such sentiments, we have hailed with cordial satisffaction your Lordship's recent letter to a dis tinguished minister of another church on the subject of Christian union; not, indeed, that we, any more than your Lordship, can reasonably indulge in the hope of such general organisation of the churches as you have there sketched being speedily, if indeed, ever realized, but because of the truly catholic Christian spirit that pervades it, and of the readiness it evinces on your part to recog nise in the accredited ministers of other denominations fellow-labourers in the Gospel of Christ, called and set apart to the work it may be hoped by the Holy Ghost. though not through the channel of an Apostolic Episco pate ; thereby showing that, like many of the brightest ornaments of the Reformed Anglican Church your Lord ship wisely distinguishes between what is essential to the being or existence of a church and what to its well- being; what is necessary to the validity of ministerial orders, and what to their entirety or completeness. "While, therefore, fully appreciating, and, to a great extent, sympathizing in your Lordship's kindly effort; to bring about, if possible, a closer fellowship of the churches - so realizing more fully their essential oneness —we earnestly hope and pray that these may be received in the spirit which dictated them, and that, at least, nothinsr may be permitted to arise, through misapprehen sion or otherwise, either from within or from without the pale of our communion, to frustrate your Lordship's laud able and truly Christian intentions. "With every sentiment of respect, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your Lordship's obedient, faithful servants." We shall not at present further remark on the question, except to say that, as Christian sym pathy is drawing more closely together the various sections of the Evangelical Protestant Church, so Christian ingenuity will doubtless discover a method to give practical effect to the common feeling which is proved. to exist. 