ft!" 'iFnt AUSTRALIAN W.ESLFVAN MISSION- . A KY .SOCIETY. . -MEETING IX YASS. Ox Tuesday evening last, a missionary meeting was held iu the Court-house here, in furtherance of thu objects of the above Society. There was a pretty numerous aitomiaiiec. '.I lie meeting having been opened with praise and prayer. The rev. Chairman (Mr, Creed) briefly stated the purpose they had iu view iu meet ing that evening, namely, endeavouring to forward the. missionary cause in the South Sua Islands. In course of his remarks, tlie rev. gentleman stated that ho had spent nearly twenty years of his life in the mis- sinnary work, and could hear witness to thu blessed effects produced by tlie spread of the gospel amongst the heathen nations. It was not very long since lie had called their attention to t ho state of New Zealand before the introduction of missionaries, and it was therefore unnecessary that he should on that occasion allude at any grciit lcn-'tli to' the subject. Tho state of things, to winch lie had referred in his lecture hail passed away, and now the New Zealanders, instead of being cannibals, were professing Chris tians. The Chairman then called on 11 'O Iiev. j\Ir. Watslord, of Gotilhiirn, who read extracts from the Third Animal Report of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Society, from which it appeared thai (he committee were aide to report favourably of tho state of the mis.iiqos. The Society's finances had engaged the serious attention of the Executive -Committee.. The contri butions were increasing, but the late period of the various anniversaries involved tho Society in difficulty and expense. The statement in the missionary notices showed on the 30th June an excess of expenditure over iiicomo of £3870 Js. 7d. ; on the 30th September of £5969 10s. 9d. ; and a similar balance against the .Society ill December. A\ ere not the members ot the Executive to become personally liable for these large advances, the business of the Society cniihl not proceed, and a large amount has to he paid for interest of overdrawn accounts. Tho Committee urged early application to tiie subscribers and early remittances. The total expenditure of the Society last year was £12,1153 6s. 3d. _ The net receipts from the colonies and mission districts pu eluding £1504 18s. native Contributions in oil), £0232 8s. The balance to be paid by the coimnittoo in Loildon is £3820 ISs. 3d. During the past year five missionaries have had to leave the field, and two new mission aries had been seiit to tho Friendly and Fcejec Islands. Jn New Zealand the work was still struggling with diilicultics, hut they were such as necessarily arose out of the transition of a people from barbarism to civilisation. Although there was much to try faith and exercise patience, thero wero circumstances which illustrated the omnipo tent influences of the gospel in transforming tho habits nnd dispositions of tho people. When tho Committee contemplated tho pre sent state of the New - Zealanders, mingling as they wero with the European populatioif, and contrasted it willi Now Zealand twenty years sinee, they could not hut exclaim "What hath God wrought! " The Uokiunga report stateil (hat doors of usefulness were opening, and that a spirit of hearing had arisen amongst the natives. In the Kiapara circuit the natives had erected a housu for their minister, nnd subscribed £145 for his support. The Wellington district requested the appointment of six young missionaries to the Maori work. The Friendly Islands' District had been seriously injured liv the want of missionaries ; hut the supply sent down last year had afforded encouragement. Tho translation department had been all but laid aside, but arrangements were being made to proceed with it vigorously. Olio native had been admitted by the Conference as an accredited minister, and two others had been received on probation. Three, new European ministers wore much required. The Fcejec District meeting, while express ing gratitude for tlie seasonable supply of labourers sent down last year, stated its niter inadequacy to meet tlieir wants. 51,281 professing Christians- could not" be adequately attended to by tlie present staff, and promising doors of usefulness and ex-, tension wero opening in every direction. The native assistant inisshumry from Rotumah had been tip to tiie colonies, and with the assistance of the Rev. J. Water- house, had translated tho gospel of St. Mat thew into tho Rotumah language and had it printed, nnd also some elementary books ; and lie had retiirnedjvith his treasure in tho John Wesley. The following was a general summary of thtY'v-nrious stations occupied by the Society : — Number of chapels, 397 ; number of other preaching places, 3S8 ; mis sionaries anil assistant inissionnrics, includ ing supernumeries, 55; cntechists, 215;" day school teachers, 1564 ; Sunday school teach ers, 423 ; local preachers, 1028 ; class lenders, 176; lull and accredited church members, 15,136; on trial for membership, 3222 ; Sab bath schools, 198; Sabbath scholars, 10,110; day schools, 572 ; day scholars, 28,369 ; total number of scholars under instruction, 31,791 ; attendants on public worship, 80,635 ; print ing presses, 2. (Applause.) ine uiuuriiiau then called upon — The Rev. Mr. Dowson, of Gunning, who proposed the first resolution That the report which has now been read ho adopted ; and that this meeting expresses its gratitude to the great head of the Church for the suc cesses which have attended this society, and other kindred institutions." After express ing the happiness he felt at seeing so many persons present, notwithstandiilg the dark ness of the evening, he proceeded to. remark that they lind an excellent mis.sion.iry meeting at Gunning on tho previous evening. He had never.' attended such nil one. 'I".. >- had a very nice attendance, a good ee-il -oii-e", and, bent of ail, some ; Mils eon vvi led. unlet, | last was a featurehe never before u iuic.vd .if a missionary "meeting fniinhnise). lb rejoiced in tlie Jueee.ii.fa; spread of the go;. peJ. because lie believ,--! ihe go-ue! would he a grand iestnnucii; in raising our fallen and ruined world, au.i he felt fully eouvinc.ii thn: lie aided in hastening thai period hv advocating (h- e'e'ims of ikis s-.ti.-ty. Tie- »; irit in -lin k this seci-jly is carried i'.u - libit 0, isr>8. ward was essentially aChrjstinii spirit. Our Lord Jesus Christ commanded his disciples to go torth " nnd tench all nations, baptising them in tlie name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of tho Holy Ghost; " nnd from the constitution of thu. IVcsleyan Missionary Society, ho believed it was calculated to carry the gospel to the whole human family. They were met that evening to provide tho means wherewith to extend this gospel; they lmd already heard that increased agency was needed, that their missionaries were siiikiu"- under the work they had to do. lie asked them if this ought so to lie, Had they done all they could do in the way of contributing townrdssoiulingmore Christian mis ioiiari js? It was time for them to bestir themselves, and to put forth all their energies to spread the light of the glorious gospel in tho dark places of the earth. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. IVatslbrd, of Goulhurn, seconded the resolution. It frequently hap pened that the mover of a resolution loft the seconder nothing to say ; hut on this occa sion ho had to be very thankful to Mr. Dow son, for not on eo did lie touch upon the resolution that lie (Mr. W.) had risen to second indeed, ho felt sure that ho hail pitied his weakness and left the resolution nlono to him to deal with. And first he would tell tliiun, that although he had rend the report, it was not wriiten by himself, but dime from the committee of the society in Sydney. Had ho written it himself, he should not_ rise to second a resolution ap proving of its adoption. Tho rev. gentleman in a long and interesting speech, proceeded to detail lunch of what he had himself wit nessed whilst engaged us a missionary in the I'oejuo Islands, ami concluded by seconding the adoption ot the resolution. (Applause). j.-The Chairman having road tho resolution, put it to the meeting, when it was carried mm. con. The Rev. Mr. Egglestonc, of Sydney, then roso, and proposed the second resolution, which was in effect— "Tluit tho very great success that has attended the operations of this society in New Zealand, mid in tho Friendly and Feejeo Islands, has rendered an augmented stall' of labourers necessary ; and that this meeting pledges itself to renewed exertions and increased liberality in support of this .society." The rev. gentleman then went at some considerable 'length into an explanation of tho state of the financial affairs of the society, and strongly urged the necessity of extended liberality to enable the society sufficiently to continue its exer tions in forwarding the spread of the gospel among the heathen natives of New Zealand, mid of the Fi ienilly and Feejee islands., J'he rev. speaker was frequently applauded in the course of his remarks. The rev. Mr. Watsford seconded the reso lution, which was put to tho meeting hv the Chairman, and canied. A hymn having been sung, the meeting separated shortly before ten o'clock. To Our Readers. — An impression pre vailing in many quarters that one of the proprietors of (he l Courier is connected with a now journal to ho started at IVngga IV a ;gs, we deem it necessary to contradict the rumour. Daring RnnnERiEs in the Districts of AlIIURY and TUMU'r, and AlTltEHEXSION of the Feri'Etrators. — On .Saturday last the police ot Yass. Goulhurn, and elsewhere were put upon the alert by the receipt of a telegram to the effect that four armed men had, on the 22nd lilt., feloniously entered the house of Mr. AVilliain Bartholomew, on the Burra station, in the district of Tiiinnt. and by means of intimidation with revolvers, stolon £150 in hank notes and forty ounces of gold dust. The constables at once donned disguises, and loitered upon different parts of the roads leading into Yass from Tumnt; and their endeavours to effect a capture (for which £100 reward was offered) continued unnlaited up to Tuesday morning, when they were soniewh|it astonished to lenrn, hv n telegram from Goulhurn, that a capture had been made in that town. Thn failure of the police iii Yass to effect the apprehension of the parties was probably occasioned hv the fact that tho telegram fuforiuiiig them of the circumstances was not received until lialf- pust eleven on Saturday morning, while it now appears that the men had taken their departure by the mail to Goulhurn an hour and a hull' before. . AVo have siuco learned that the four desperadoes, oil committing tho robbery, wore bluck silk or crape over tlieir faces: thug concealing their features, hut notwithstandingthis Mr. Bartholomew states lie can identify them. It appears that they were seen two days previously to the robbery at the Munich gold-fields, and on the occa sion of the robbery were all iu possession of good horses, with blue blankets fastened to 'the saddles. 8incc theircapturc it has trans pired that they are suspected to ho the samo gang who on tho same night robbed and ransacked tho residence and inn kept by Mr. Thomas Gurncy, n limit nine miles dis tant from Btirra station, taking all the cash they could lay hands on, a variety of new clothing, Are. On .Monday last the appre hended parties wero brought before tho Folicc Court at Goulhurn, anil gave tho names of John Smith, Alfred llorsingtmi, John Clifford, and James Dolne.v, nnd re manded to Tuinut to he dealt with. On their apprehension thu following sum of motley chiully in lunik notes- was lound upon their persons ; — Smith, £53 7s. ; llorsingtmi, £19 10s.; Clifford, £6 -Ss. 3d.; Dclacy,,£29 Jos. 4d. — total, £J07 19s. Id., together with 1GJ ounces of retorted gold. Horsiugton gave a satisfactory account of himself; and was admitted to hail, himself in £200, nnd one surety of £200, to appear at Tuinut on Monday next, lie- passed through Yass on Thursday last, on his way (b attend at Tumut. DEATH BY DROWNING.— We have learned that Mr. Thomas Hatton, superintendent of Mrs. Hardy's station at the Meroo Creek, was accidentally drowned whilst crossing the Murrumbidgee in the punt. It appears that the deceased while throwing a saddle over his shoulder, over-balanced himself, and fell into the stream, which was considerably swollen at the time; Efforts to save Mr. Hatton were unfortunately unsuccessful. A miehexsionof a Horse-stealer.— There is now confined in tho lock-up lit Yass, a young mail named Edward Macginnis, for merly residing at the Jorrawa, who, although of a most stupid and stolid nppearaneo, and quite a young man, has rendered himself somewhat celebrated as a stealer of horses, or indeed anything else that enmo in his wny._ In J line last ho appropriated and made off with no fewer than six head of horses, the property of Air. Joseph .Moulder, jum, who resides near Bathnrst; and although Mr. Moulder followed him on to Yass, ami offered a reward of £10, Macginnis contrived to bafilc pursuit. Ho is also charged with tho theft of horses from the Mudgcc district; nnd a warrant was issued by the Qucaiilioynn Bench, and a reward of £2 offered lbr liis apprehension, on a charge of having, on tlie 18th of last month, stolen a mare, the pro perty of one James Young, of the Canhcrry River, near Qiieanbeyan. A boy who was riding the mare on his return from Qiicun- heyan, wns met by the prisoner, who after conversing with him for a short time, ordered him to dismount, nnd himself getting into tho saddle, rode oil'. It now turns out that ho rode iu the direction of tho Good Hope estate, on tho Mtirriiiuljidgce, where ho hired hinisolf to assist in completing some fencing work, but where he only remained for a dny or so, nnd probably not dropping across a horse or two that could he conveniently appropriated, he robbed a hut of the rations it contained, as well as a double-barrelled gnu and other articles. He was shortly nti'-nvards apprehended by Constable Roche, and h.' has been committed for trial ou tho la:n-r charge. It is. however, probable that a ho-t ot other charges will shortly be brought aceinxl him. I'uc>i"i;R,\ri!v. By an advertisement in ; i-site ii will he seen that the Messrs. 1 . 'i'"i h.ivr arrived in A'ass on a prol'es- .-i "nai visit. AVe' have suen several of the !>;!< lak.-n l.v tip; above artists, and can sL.ro ili.it they are unsurpassed by any sp.' omens in the art which we had prc- vio'.rly inspected. The Weather, Ac.— During the earlier portion of the past week rain fell to a con siderable extent; but each day since AVed- nesday the sun's rays have apparently in- . creased in strength, until yesterday they became equally warm anil overpowering ns during the hot days that usually prevail in midsummer. The aphis still continues its ravages in the gardens, and many persons prefer disposing of such young plants as can at once be used for culinary purposes, to running the risk of their entire destruction by this great pest before reaching maturity. AVe have not yet heard of any of the wheat growing in this district having liueu injured ; nnd it is thought that tho crops have now boeoine so far advanced us to render the chance of damage from this cause less likely than under other circumstances. I'nsturage is abundant ; and altogether the season has, so far as it has gone, been most favourable. The late A'ass Mail JfbiiiiEitv. — On Monday last tluco men and a woman named respectively Joseph AVatt, James Goldsmith, Dennis Alahony, and I.ydia AVatt, were brought up before the Goiilbnrii Bench of ATngistrntus oil suspicion 'of having been con cerned in tho late A'nss mail robbery. Their apprehension led to tlie discovery of one of the rings, which were taken from the person of Mr. El worthy, a passenger by the mail on the day of the robbery. It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Thomas Kimherly, store keeper at Collector, that the prisoner Joseph AVatt, purchased some goods at his store, and paid with a cheque for £2. Mr. Kimherly had suspicious of the muii AVatt, from his having preferred n Melbourne cheque iu the store a-short time before, and which Air. K. refused. However, us the cheque iu question was drawn by Mr. John Gray, it was taken, and subsequently forwarded to Goulhurn for collection, when it was discovered to he one 6f those stolen. In the meantime' AVatt had taken tlio goods away, anil on thu chequo being returned Air. Kimherly immediately went in search of him and found lie and his wife lit the house of a Airs. Baton, near Bangalore Gap. AVitli the assistnnco»of a constable Mr. Kiniberlv took the prisoners in charge, and proee'ode'd into Goulhurn for the Chief Constable, who shortly arrived at ATrs, Baton's, and found tho prisoner lmd effected his escape. Search was nuiile, and he was at length discovered in a paddock adjoining, concealed beneath a fallen tree, and was taken into custody along witljl his wife nnd two other men who were employed on thu premises and supposed to he confederates. On Wednesday Inst llicy were again brought before the Court, when tho evidence of Air. El worthy was taken. He stated the circumstance of the rohberv, hut was unable recognise either of the pri soners except by voice, nnd|thiit of tho prisoner AVatt was forcibly impressed upon liis memory as being the same that ordered the mail driver to " stand" on the day iu question. Tho ring that was produced in court was discovered " planted" in the buck yard, uml has since been identified. The prisoners were then remanded until Friday, for further evidence. A'esterday (Friday) the prisoners wore again brought up and remanded for a week. SMall Debts Court. — The usual monthly court for the disposal of enses under the Small Debts Act, was held on Tuesday last, lieloro Dr. Blake and J. G. Davidson, Esq. Tho only case on the list was one of disputed ownership in a colt— the plaintiff being Mr. Samuel Taylor of the Alnrruuibidgce, and the defendant Air. Rees .Tones of A'ass. The evidence of the plaintiff and of Mr. Richard Gorninn, of Tannins, was taken, ami the ease postponed till next court day to enable the plaintiff to procure further evidence. Dentistry. — AVe nre requested to call at tention to the advertisements in other columns of to-day's paper, intimating the arrival of Dr. Jorilnin iu Yass. As it is rarely that the district is visited by a profes sional dentist, those requiring the doctor's aid had butter apply to him before tlie lllth instant, to which date his stay is limited. New Journal at Dit.unwoon. — AVe have received the first number of a new journal called The Rrnidicood Observer, and published in the town which its titio indicates. This is the second weekly newspaper that town ship now boasts of, and from the appearaiico ot the number now before us, we may safely conclude that itrtias n fair share of tho good wishes jiod support of the district. AVe wish the spirited proprietors every success; al though the enterprise cortninly appears a somewhat daring one to attempt, considering that is only a short time since tlio first news paper was published ill Braidwoud. 