{fa t tl tUg. INSTRUCTIONS TO WÍEDEXS. - The celebrated 80th clause of the Ballarat Mining Board bye law No. 3, bas created some little noise in our world, local and metropolitan. It has been elevated to the dignity of a " grievance," that would not sit well upon the members of the oppo sition, who therefore made it a peg on which to hang a glove of challenge to the Ministry or its head, the great J.O'S." He treats the adair as a mere "hum," and rushes to the fray with valiant statistics relative to the offensive clause, whereby he assayed to prove that whatever may be the repu tation or value of the clause the Go vernment were blameless. This he did not exactly prove, however, albeit what he said touching tbe matter may be as true as the character for hostility to the Mining Board which he gave to this journal. In fact we suspect there was about as much truth in the one as the other, both being false. But it is true that there have been " instructions to Wardens" issued. Hie Chairman of the Mining Board has received duplicates of certain ad vices and correspondence between the Executive and the Resident Warden touching the extended area business. These instructions set forth that leasing regulations would apply to quartz grounds and to abandoned alluvial grounds, and that in the absence of leasing regulations no areas were to bc sanctioned by the wardens other than those set down in the Mining Board regulations : the indefinite area of the 8'Jth clause not being considered ad missible as a " regulation" area. Gene rally, however, the Wardens are to do as much as possible to further the operations of the Mining Board. This is a capital joke, which our Residen t Warden will put away carefully with the joke of the old Local Court house J 'paint pots, shavings, and other filthy rubbish into which he invited the miners' parliament the other day. Doubtless Mr Chas. Wale Sherard likes a joke, and will do his best on the verv first opportunity to " further the operations" of the Board. With reference to the areas recom mended by the Mining Board to be granted to Mr Esmond at Clunes, and to Davis and party at Blackwood, in structions have been given to sanction said recommendations, ia all doubtful cases, nevertheless, the Wardens are to "refer to the Government. Touching the appointment of a | Superintendent Engineer, the Chair man cf tiie Mining Board is informed I that the matter has been referred bj flie^^B^Mrt^B^^^a^the Board {of BniriKTON^ MrMBB' RIGHTS AJ^S litCENS^. .-^iEtruci|on8 Jhave been senjt to the Wirden aftBuninyong tbkt theiÇlerk of - P#tty Sessions there shall issne\\*^era^ Bigtíi/and Business Idcerffiçs^^rÛmfeî^riion of the dis trict. This, is - convenience which ought to have been conceded long infere now, and wnicîfwoutd have been conceded if, inátead of .impracticable red tapists in office, we had had men alive to their.dûtîésT / ~ " j " > ÏABOHB'B »^TEA».^Tms is the name .of a little run of paying ground near .the^ Native ,Youth, which has not, however,! attained to the dignity of a frontage lead. AU the claims have been block claims, and the ground is well taken np and "well worked. Some 19 or 20 claims exist there, and several whims and puddling machine's. The depth is nuder 100 feet, arid the ground will soon be exhausted, apparently. . THE MUSSON INJOÎTCTIOW.'-This boniness came before Mr Warden Daly again yesterday, by appointment, when Mr Walsh appeared on behalf of the White Flat Company, and Mr Musson's foreman on the part of the contractors. Mr Mussón's representative stated that Mr Musson was in town, but that the works bid been stopped at the place named in the injunction. He morel over stated that since then the govern ment bad forwarded instructions; arresting thc progress of the whole contract. Further proceedings were therefore postponed for a week. GOLDEN POIKT.-This lead has no new features bf special importance to note. The development of the gutter goes on slowly, but in the main satis factorily to thos«; working out. By the gutter we mean ithe bottom ground, reef as well as gutters. And .it is necessary to premise thus much, seeing that our deep lead experiences gj to prove that the reef is not to be slighted in calculations touching the value, of a bottom. We could quote lots of in stances, were it not that they would be ad nauseam. At the present time there are as good, or better . waa hines off the reef on this lead, perhaps, as from the gutter. The Grand Junction and Extended claims are yielding tolerably in this respect, the first having washed as high as 90 ozs., and the latter SO ozs. to the machine of reef stofi lately. The Homeward Bound and Constitution companies are working out their bottom with little more than barely paying results. The Cosmopolitan are still driving for the gutter which still eludes their search. The Band of Hope have got up their brick chimney, and are now shaping for a go-down at once. The Waterloo old ground party have [ given up, the ground not paying for the secoud working. MAGPIE SLUICING COMPANY. i This ill-fated eompany have virtually ! given up the ghost. The ace and plant were sold under writ of Fi Fa the other day, in the case of Davidson V Makins,. Salmon, . and others. Mr Lockhart became thc purchaser at £116. We cannot chronicle the ruin of an enterprise like this without a feeling of regret that so much money, labor, and spirit should thus bc wasted, and such aa evil report to be brought ; upon our auriferous resources as may fairly be feared from this and similar breakdowns. They serve, however, to point out the necessity of that coalition in the matter of water supply which we have heretofore dwelt upon ; and the equal need which exists of a vigilant and efficient management in connec tion with all such undertakings. SWAMP LEAD.-This ground has a I likely look about it. One or two ad ditional claims have been bottomed, and the show is very encouraging. Steam machinery is getting into gear, and the locality already wears a really business look. How long it is to last remains to be proved. 