CROSSED CHEQUES. ( From, the Solicitor's Journal, December, 1857. J It is a common practice with many judges to com plain of the hardship of being compelled to interpret un intelligible acts of parliam:nt. There is reason enough for the complaint, but we are not sure that Parliament might not establish something like a set off, by eon merating the case3 in which the Courts have, by narrow anl overstrict construction, taken the pith and marrow out of statutes, which, to any mind not unhealthily subtle, convey a sufficiently intelligible meaning. If the House punishes the judges by not a little un manageable huglish, the bench takes ita revenge sometimes by refusing to understand even that which is perfectly plain. A case on the late »et with respect to crossed cheques (' Simmond3 v. Tuylor,' G W.B., 134) has recently bean decided in the Court of Common Plea3, which amounts to a practical repeal of that statute. The reasoning of Mr Justice Cre3swell who delivered the judgment of the Court, is, we need not say, ingenious and acute ; but the result is to fritter away the real and obvious intention of the Legislature, and to reduce tho law substantially to the position in which it stood before the recent enactment. The judg ment was to the effjet that the crossing of the cheque forms no part of tbe instrument, and that if it has been ?' fraudulently obliterated a banker will be safe in paying it to bearer. Some persons may contend that tha result is wholesome doctrine enough, where the banker ii guilty of no negligence, ou the ground that the loss on a forged cheque ought to fall on the customer rather than on the equally innocent banker. But this idea, as is well known, was long since exploded, and no depositor is liable to his banker for any payment unless it ia made pursuant to the customer's directions contained in the cheque. Now, when a man is3ue3 a crossed cheque, doe3 he, in fact direct his banker to pay it only through a brother banker ? Is the instrument equiva lent to one drawn in these words, 'PayA.B. through any banker, &c.; 2' If it is, and the words 'through any banker,' or the equivalent crossing, be erased, tho banker would, unquestionably, have to bear any loss occasioned by a paymont to bearer. But the Court of Common Pleas, on which the mantle of the Exchequer seems to have fallen, have discovered a beiutiful dis tinction, one that would delight the ghost of Saundew, and might be regarded with grim satisfaction, even by the refined intellect of Baroa Wensleydale, The point, indee J, is a capital point. Before wc dwell further on the ingenuity of the judt« meat, we must shortly state what the law wa3 previoni to the Act of 19 and 20 Yic., c. 25, by which it U now governed. In a famous case before the Exchequer, the whole learning was luminously given by Lord Wensley dale, then Baron Parke. In the first place, tha crossing of a cheque, with the name of a particular banker, had no more effect than crossing it generally with tho words ' and Co.' This was considered to be the re3ult of the evidence as to the custom of bankers. In the next place, crossing a cheque was not any restriction on its | negotiability. Tho cheque was still payable to bearer on ' demand, and the crossing was considered merely as a hint that the cheque could not safely be paid without inquiry, except through a banker. The substantial con sequence was that if ever a banker paid a crossed cheque otherwise than through a banker, he was certain to be held liable for his negligence, and the customer was kept harmless. In the Exchequer trial to which we are re ferring, some evidence was given to show that the under stood meaning of crossing a cheque was that it amounted to an absolute prohibition of payment except to a banker, and to that extent restricted the negotiability of the instrument. This view wa3 rejected by the court for two reasons ; one, that tho balance of evidence was against the alleged custom ; the other, that such a custom was contrary to the Stamp Acts. Tho commer cial world was not satisfied with this position of affairs, and a bill was accordingly introduced and carried, to produce by statute the result which the court had said could not be attained by custom. Its purpose was to make the crossing equivalent to an absolute direction to pay through a banker, and to render the cheque negotiable only on that condition. To carry out this object, the legislature used the following words : ? ' Whereas doubts have arisen as to the obligations of bankers with respect to cross-written drafts; and whereas it would conduce to the ease of commerce, the security of property, aud the prevention of crime, if drawers or holders of draft3 were enabled to direct the payment of tho sa'ue to be made only to or through some banker : Be it enactod that- in every case where a draft bears across its face au address in written or stamped letters of the name of any banker, or of the words ' and company,* iu full or abreviated, either of such additions shall havo a force of a direction to the bankers upon whom such draft is made that the same shall be payable only to or I through some banker, and the same shall be payable only to or through some banker.' Now it scams tolerably cloar that, if these words were intended to alter the law at all, which we presume must be taken to be the. general purpose of a statute, they could scarcely signify anything bat this, that what had formerly been a mere hint to a banker, on which he might become liable for negligence, should now be put ou a different footing, and become an absolute limit oa the negotiability of the instrument, and a perfejt proteo tion to the person who enwses it. The Court of Common Pleas has found another possible reading of the clause, and as thi3 takea away all the protection aupposed to be given by the statute, and places the drawer or hold: r who crossos a cheque in the same position ss he wai before tho act, it has been honored with the approval of the court, not, however, without much hesitation on the part of the Chief J ustiee. The new construction is, that tha direction implied from tha crossing is a more ambulatory direction, which may be revoked by any one who choose* to run a pen through, or to obliterate the crossing, and consequently that any ons who picks up a cross cheque will have no mora difficulty in get ting it paid than he had before the statute passsed. It i3 not even quite clear that the difficulty of such a fraud ia not diminished, for, on the doctrine of the Common Pleas, that the legislature meant to give to evory helder not merely tho right of crossi ig, but also the right of uncrossing a cheque, we do not see how a banker oould be charged with negligence in any case. All this refinement, by which the act hai become nugatory, or worse, is founded on the interpretation of two or three words assumed to be implied in the aet. The clause runs, ' In every case where a draft bears, &o.;' — no time being mentioned. This, said Mr Justice Cresawell, uiii3t be read ' bears at tho time of presentation, ' so that if the crossing is obliterated, the enactment may go for nothing. Why this arbitrary time should be in serted we cannot imagine, except that there was no other way of smashing the act of parliament. The words might ju3t as well have been read, if the draft ' bears at any time,' but this interpretation was re jected, because it would have taken away the power of lawfully uncrossing a cheque — a power which parlia ment could not have intended to give because it would have defeated the only purpose for which cheques are crossed at all — namely socuri y a?aiust misappropriation ia case of loss. This strange decision will, we hope, be made the subjeet of appeal, and perhap3 the Exchequer Chamber will be more merciful than the'Common Fleas, and will consent to give the statute a chance of meaning something. 