ffigfemgg from A SERENADE TO THE COMET. Am-"Com'e gentil."' Comet genteel! Pray, how do you feel ? 1s t annoying to bear Tbe popular ctare. Yon are spied and pursued In a manner most rude, For every night We at you take a sight. We watch your movements,Comet, as though you were the Queen, And tstare you out of countenance Whene'er you're to be seen. Comet, ladies genteel Can bear a good deal In the way of a stare, If their faces are fair; But possibly you Dislike being on view. Ana perhaps our rude gaze Makes you red in tbe face. If yon would 'scaoe our staring Comet, wear a veil; Or get your friend the Dog-star to bite off your tail. THE COMET AND THE BHITIBH ASSOCIATION. SECTION*, &C.; SoiesTiFJC Buffoonebv.-A lecture on th^ subject of the Comet was delivered by Professor Miller. The learned gentleman said that comets -were so called from " GomaJ1 not a state of insensibility, bat a head of hair; though a comet seemed to partake more of the nature of a fox in regard to its tail, which was a decided brush. The denser portion of a comet was terme-i a nnclens, or kernel; but here was a kernel without a shall, which reminded him of a colonel in the army; and association of ideas suggested Ibe remark that the present comet was situated below Ursa Major, and beneath the Pole star-a star which, on account ot the Pole, must be a convenience to the Great Bear, whose climbing propensities were well known to the members of the Zoological Section of that Association. The orbit of a comet was an elongated «Uipse, which puzzled even American astronomers to calculate. The revolutions of some comets could be predicted with considerable certainty; and perhaps thoie comets might be compared to certain despotic States. Halley was the first to foretel the reappearance of a comet, and has thns achieved a lasting reputation among philosophers, which is preferable to what Mr. Carlyle calls the temporary hallelujah of flunkeys. The present comet was named Donati'fi comet, as another is called Encke's comet, after the name of ita first discoverer; and, though a comet was of small use to its owner, it gave him a title more illustrious than that of eomog% or count. The scientific lecturer, whose discourse had been interrupted throughout by indignant murmurs, was greeted at its conclusion with a storm of hisses and groans, wliich he acknowledged by taking a sight at bis audience, -who, in return, pelted him with orange peel. THE XTBEIXERS OP THE EACH SEX. Men do not libel women one half as much as women do. Here is a proof of it: Bosom Friend-Do yoa mean to tell me that she never fainted? Intimate Acquaintance-No-never tiled even I and there never was so good an opportunity! Bosom Friend (triumphantly)-Then she's reserving herself. You may be sure she has some other frinfc in view! BEAIi MAttCH OP INTELLECT. Mr. Panch says) that there can be no doubt of the ul timate sucoess of the American or even Australian Te e graph, when he reflects that by means of a small Wire, intelligence will actually be brought, at no distant date, into the Mansion House. NUTS FOE POOB MEN. It costs a deal of money to be rich, and it is a ques tion if 60 much is worth so little. After all, is wealth worth the cost, first in acquiring it, next in supporting it, and lastly, in bearing up under it, when you have lost it? EVENING FASHIONS. Emily-Shall you dress much to-night, dear? Lilian-No-as little as possible-I am going to a ball. CIVIC SOKCERY IN THE NINETEENTH CENTUET. Looking with a prophetic eye into the middle of the next hundred years, we see quoted under the above title, from the Times of the 1st instant, come proceed ings which occurred the day before in the Court of Exchequer., The new Lord Mayor had been elected on Goose Day, according to seasonable custom, and the Sheriffs for the year ensuing were chosen on the next, x'liey were then taken to the Exchequer Court to be shown and described by the Becorder to the Chief ; Baron, after which the following invocation was uttered j by the Common Crier: 1 41 Oyes! Oyes! Oyes!-Tenants and occupiers of a j piece of waste land called the Moors, in the County of I Salop, come forth and do your service upon pain and i peril that shall fall thereon." Future ages will conclude that the above summons was addressed to certain spirits-fays, elves, fairies, 1 pixies, or demons and fiends, supposed to haunt the ! Shropshire waste, denominated the Moors. The utte ! ranee of this magic formula may be imagined to have I been followed by the appearance of a number of imps ! in the Court of Exchequer, rising, so to speak, from the Court below, brandishing torches, and dancing round and about and along witli the lawyers. The narrative, which would fit beautifully into Gl&n; vil's " Sadducismus Triumphatus,T " proceeds to set forth that Then Alderman Carter, the senior Alderman below the Chair, took two sticks from a bundle lying before him on the table, one of which he cut with a liatchet and the other with a bill-hook." These mysterious operations are precisely the sort of acts which writers on the occult sciences prescribe as necessary to be performed in order to work spells and raise ghosts and devils. A second address, apparently directed to the invisible world, was then delivered by the Crier, who cried u Oyes! Oyes! Oyes!-Tenants and occupiers of a certain tenement called the Forge, in the parish of St Clement Danes, Middlesex, come forth and do your service," From the mention of the Forge in the foregoing call, Salamanders would 6eem tr have been the particular spirits whose appearance was commanded, and the species of magic that appears to have been practised 1 msy be inferred to have been the Eosicrucian. Another strange ceremony was then performed* i "Then the same Alderman counted some horseshoes s lying before him." i In a dialogae between Alderman Carter and the Queen's Remembrancer there came next, and finally, the following incantation: 41 Remembrancer-How many have you ? " Alderman-Six shoes. " Then the Alderman counted the nails. <l Remembrancer-How many have you? 41 Alderman-Sixty-one. " Remembrancer-That is a good number.*' There is something particularly impressive in the brief oracular declaration of the Remembrancer. If he had said, "Sixty shall achieve; one shall deceive!" his words would have been not more nfystic if more ominous. They are equivalent to "Probatum estT' They smack of the genuine sup-rnatural, and might have been fitly succeeded by thunder, or the sound of a gong* The conclusion of these unhallowed proceedings must, it may be thought, have been awful. Did the fiend fly away with the whole party of wizards and necromaucers-Aldermen, Sheriffs, Crier, Lawvere, all ? Not so. The scane of civic sorcery ended in quite a natural consummation: " The Recorder then invited the Chief Baron to dine with the Sheriffs." What the warlocks' banquet consisted of, what sort of broth it was that boiled and bubbled for the Recorder in jheir witches1 kitchen and cauldron, may be more than conjectured. It was turtle soup; the Aldermen, whatever may be inferred from the performances above related, are no COD jurors. THE DIFFERENCE OF RACE. Q. What is the difference between the Prime Minis ter and the Chaocellor of the Exchequer? A. Why, that Dizzy writes books, and Derbv mnir^p them. ENGLISH SUSSES A30> FRENCH ItADEMOI SEIXES. The difference between them is this:-Tour rengii«Ti Miss flirts before she is married; your French Made moiselle gets married first, and flirts afterwards Neither plan is safe, and both are objectionable* CANDOUR. A distinguished commercial gent, whose word is his bond-that is to say, it would puzzle any Bankruptcy Commissioner to determine which was the more worth less of the two-thus laid down his travelling chart through life:-"I never believe more than one-half of what I see, more than a quarter of what I hear, Aid not a. word of what I say. If others were equally cautious, there would net be so many fools in world.1* LINES WRITTEN IN REPLY TO AN ADVER TISEMENT. You ask me," Does you hair fall off?*' I frankly answer, Yes! Be satisfied with that response, Nor further question press. For if you ask the reason why My pate is getting nude, 'Tis possible that my reply Might be considered rude. I would not say that failing health Has caused my crop's decrease! Nor is't cerebral over-work, Nor lack of bear his grease. Time has not thinped my flowing hair, I am but twenty-two; Yet that my head is getting bare Is no less sad than true. 'Tis grievous fate at twenty-two To have to wear a wig; And yet I see I soon shall be As bald as auy pig. And why? The cause is dear enough; Nay, deem not that I scoff; You sold me some confounded staff- - That makes my hair fall off I REVOLUTIONARY LANGUAGE OF LADIES. The subjoined morsel, extracted from Le FolUt, lets' in a gleam of light on a subject which has long been shrouded in profound darkness: " There is some talk of returning to the gigot sleeve this winter, which would suppress the prettiest part of our dress, the white sleeve, and leave us ooly the cuff." Thinking minds have long enquired, with fruitless cariosity," Who sets the fashions On this paint we have now obtained at least some negative information. We know that the powers that ordain the fashions an not represented by Le FolUt; since that journal ex presses apprehensions of an approaching change in female costume -which, it thinks, will be for the worse and not for the better. Now, -vrhat authority is that which will" suppress the prettiest part of oar dress, and leave us only the cuff," as Le FolUt says with affecting pathos ? And if the Parisian press dares to speak oat on that subject, won't it get warning-or perhaps be sent to Cayenne without any ? We seem to hear the mutterings of an approaching stoim. The white sleeve-the mere sleeve-described as the prettiest part of dress 2 An expression of fear, mingled with an evident amount of indignation and disgust, that. the maudate of despotism will suppress even tha+, and leave an empire of spoliated subjects only the cuff! These' symptoms portend rebellion. Stronger language could scarcely be used, to express., the ugliness of the£whole dress than, that which cplls the sleeve tbe prettiest part of it, and forbodes that the cuff will isoon be the whole of it worth seeing. The most submissive slaves may at length get tired of bearing a mercilessly increased accumulation of bur dens; and women, for all their constitutional powers of sufferance, are manifestly growing impatient under the load of clothes Invented to equalize deformity with. beauty by alike concealing both. . CHIEFS OF Ting CHURCH MILITANT. Only think! . "The ceremony of consecrating the Bishops of Nelson and Wellington in New Zealand was performed yester day in the ancient parish church of St. Mary, Lambeth,. according to the form and manner prescribed by the Chorch of England/'. The above interesting but rather odd announcement was made one day last week by the papers. Wellington' and Nelson do seem rather queer titles for Bishops; yet they are not altogether unsuitable. Wellington, In a charge against theological antagonists, may excialm, "Up,Curates,and at them;" whilst Nelson may de clare that "ItewZealsnd expects every clergyman to do his duty/* The two prelates will write themselves Edmund Nelson and Charles John Wellington;:bat perhaps among their successors there will be a Horatio and an Arthur. Should New Zealand, however, have no such lock with her clergy, that will not much signify, if old England' shall only find, amongst her . laity, another Horatio Nelson, and another Arthur Wellington, or at least Wellealey, in the time «f need* The custom, however, of naming places after distin guished personages may, in case those places ever be come bishoprics, produce some absurd consequences. A. certain settlement in Australia, for example* b are the nickname of a celebrated pugilist Suppose it should grow so important as to be erected into a see. What* wiU posterity thin* of a Bishop of Bendigo ? If popular names continue to be assigned to places, and those places in course of time become bishoprics, the eplBco pney of the antipodes one of these days will probably include a Bishop of Punch. - JEREMY DIDDLEK AT THE MINT. "It is not generally known (says a newspaper para graph) that the whole of the British coinage is raised by atmospheric pressure," The il pressure" must be i very great indeed when John Hull is drivoa to make^ his money by a nlan that looks uncommonly like : " raising the wind!" DTTSr. Womah's Constant Toemekt.-Dust. Mam's Greatest PLAGUE.-A woman continually brushing the same. THE GUOWTH OF LONDON, Baron Dupin estimates "If the population of London keeps on growing at it* present ratio, that in 1901 it will be 5,816,900." Might we ask tlie Baron if he has taken the Thames into his calculation? D>es t at "noblerivec"in 1901 remain as it is? «T is it to be sweetened ? or is it to be taken away altogether? These different views put quite a different aspect ou the Baron's peep into 1901; for it stands to reason that 5,616,900 human beings could not possibly lire, with a ^ pestiferous river, such as the Thames now is, running^| right thro tgh them. Aud allow the to pursue unchecked its present course of pollution, it is doubtful whether there will be any population at all in our savoury metropolis. All the inhabitants will have died off, or else have run away. However, tlsese specu lations are all pre ma tore. Better to wait patiently,, and aee what do as occur in 1931. On? tmng is very certain, if there are then to be upward* of fi re miUiou inhabitants, that some limit will have to bj put to the women's Crinolines. HEALTH OF THE PBIME MINISTER. There is n* truth in the report tli&t; the Premier ia labouring under an organic disease. That ridiculous rumour originated from an atrocious pua which was made by aribald jester onhearwgaserioii*person, under* the impression that Lord Derby had not left tlie torQ ex press a fear that the heart of tho noble L)d was har dened. Whereupon the incorrigible buff jaa remarked that, in consequence of having been no long in the stable, no doubt the Earl of Derby's heart lud become ossified. THE COMET, ANT) ITS TAIL. The appearance of the comet, which is u starring it for a limited series of nights, has given rise to much speculation, which, as usual, has res-iltcJ iu failure. Nobody has as yet offered a satisfactory conjecture in solution of the qv istton what the coraet is ? Some as tronomers say that they can see through it, aud the starson the other 6ida of it; but f>»r *.1 rh it ?hey have n t been able to penetrate its mystery. TV'taeories of the constitution of comets which have n< t yet been published shall now be, and may des rve to be as much as some others. Perhaps, as com1 rs are botf* luminous anl transparent; and ghosts likewise, accord ing to some observers, both shine thera drives and afe also diaphanous; comets are the glints of de parted planets. Natu:al as well as bup^rnitural sub stances, however, both reflect and transmit t<ie rays of light; and your comet generally has a tail. Ana logies subsist throughout natiire. May r»o: a comet be I a planet in the first stage of its development, r celes tial body corresponding to a teriestriai tadpole? 