WOMAN AND HER WORK. The following report of an eloquent lecture on this subject, delivered at New York by the Rev. Dr. Chapin, is from the New York Tribune, of April 20: "He said that the originality of any thought is secondary to its truth. If it is old, it should be welcomed on account of respect due to age. His subject led him to consider whether woman is potentially what she ought to be. The relation between man and woman is the most beautiful expression of the great law of nature. Woman is simply the equal of man, nothing more, nothing less. We have no right to determine what is woman's sphere by any arbitrary prejudices. I cannot recognise any such fact as man's rights, or woman's rights; I only recognise human rights. Woman's orbit is the orbit of her humanity, and hence she ought to be man's equal —equal before the world, before the law, as she is before God. And let no one be disturbed by visions of strong-minded women, with spectacles, lecturing on Kansas. The question is what is truth, and not what are the imaginable conse- quences. Man may run against God's will, but cannot alter it. I urge that woman should actually be something more than she has been held to be. She has been placed above the scale and cast below it ; she has oeen man's slave and his empress. In one place you may see her the poor drudge of the wash-tub or the needle, working to support a drunken husband ; in another place we see her in some parlor ; listening to the confectionery of small talk furnished by some dandy. Society around us is but little more than a modification of these two pictures. What we want is some way of deliverance for women from being a mere slave, and something more substantial than these accomplishments, which make bev a mere gewgaw. The legal argument has already been presented, so I shall pass on to the subject of woman's education. Women ought to be rendered less dependent upon man. Our present state of society too often so trains her as to make marriage an absolute necessity. I am glad if there is some advance in this respect. I am glad if women and clergymen are regarded as something else than respectable paupers. Women can become what she should be, and do what she should do, only by a genuine education. I cannot see why there should be a very sharp discrimination between the education of boys and girls. If a certain kind of learning will develop the intellect of the boy, why not of the girl ? You may say woman cannot be a Newton or a Shakes- peare. Well, if she can't, she won't ; and so where's the harm? (Laughter.) Why should a woman with a liberal education be less lit for the duties of a wife or mother ? If in the cultivated mind there is a reserved force for emergencies, why should woman be debarred from that blessed skill that unlocks the treasures of truth, and opens communion with the distant and the dead? In many oases woman is brought up, not to a self-reliance, but simply to make a settlement for life. We all have a horror of female gamblers, but how many women are really gamblers for a lucky match ? Do we wonder there is often the gambler's loss as well as his hazard? In the world's version, it is not charity, but money that covers a multitude of sins. The rich profligate receives the hand of virtue and beauty. But there would not be so many serpents in the parterres of fashion if there were not Eves in the garden te listen. In rude society woman was bought and sold as a slave, and some of our manners are not much better. Christianity teaches us that woman has a soul, but many men act as though they had not accepted, and many women as though they had none to give. Women have a right to a proper culture, not as woman's rights, but as human rights ; as man's equal and companion, she requires a traiuing which will develop every human faculty. The true way to find the sphere of anything is to educate it to the highest capa- city. A genuine culture will produce nothing that will overrun its divinely appointed limits. Woman's work will follow spontaneously from woman's nature, and will accord with the quali- ties of her being. It will not, therefore, be strong physical work, but where clean, delicate work is needed, where emotion mingles with thought, it will be her work in the future, and still more as the future opens into civilization. Woman's truest work is of home and its sancti- ties. Let us not fear these offices will be aban- doned ; there will still be the heart of the wife and mother ; there are many women for whom this sphere of home is enough. But if woman is enslaved and degraded at home, where shall she have honor? In this sphere I claim for her a large and liberal culture. It is of no conse- quence who is to discharge these offices, who is to teach and train the life, the heart of the future man. Among women there are two classes, whom the home duties do not absorb, and they claim something to do. They comprise those who are not forced to work for a living and those who are. In behalf of those, I say a large field is needed for woman's work. Consider what ought to be done for that class of women who must work or perish. What are they to do ? That is the question. I might specify many forms of labor, such as some parts of watchmaking, of telegraphing, of the work of newspaper offices. and countless others, all of which are adapted to woman's nature and her capacity. The claim of this class of women is simply the claim of their humanity. They must have this work or perish —perish in one of two ways—physically, either from lack of work or scantiness of it. Think of the poor widow who makes shirts at five cents a piece—and I suppose the man who pays it covers the New Testatament, with that five cent piece. She can, perhaps, make one a day. Is not that reducing. humanity nearly to starvation ? Think of those noble women 'who virtually say, 'Let Death have us, so he takes to God our womanly purity untainted.' Thank God for the women who die honorably and only perish physically ! I think what saints they make in Heaven, with their sweet faces from which all the trouble is glorified away. What did those men whom the world call heroes, more than three noble women, who, clinging to their conscience died at their post ? (Applause.) This ought not to be so. Then should she work for all, and least of all should work be denied her because she is a woman ; and yet this is really the fact. We reverse the Divine law, which tells us not to oppress the weaker, and turn and oppress them simply because they are weak. To some men the shirts they have made might be the shirt of Nessus. I wish these old scrougers who pay five cents for making shirts might be haunted w ith w omen's ghosts, who should bear the inscription. ' More work and better pay.' But there is another class who perish morally. We must not shrink from all the facts, and it is a fact that want of work has a great deal to do with driving to shame the 29,000 women in our city who walk our streets, whose smile is only seen by the gas-light. But the shame is not all with them. Shame upon him who offers the price of dishonor ; shame upon those honorable women who smile upon the victorious debauchee—shame upon ourselves if we nourish any prejudice which depreciates the value of women. Let all these shames blend with, the shame of the poor lost girl, and lighten a little the course that bears too exclusively upon her. Here are these two classes who must have work, or else, honorably or dishonorably, perish. But there is another class of women, who are not compelled to work, concerning whom one of the noblest women of our day (Mrs. Jameson) asks if a more enlarged social sphere cannot bo allowed woman ? I can merely say that this field is indi- cated in the philanthropic institution of our age. It is exemplified in women like Elizabeth Fry and Florence Nightingale. (Applause.) One of these poor soldiers of the Crimea said that her shadow seemed to do him good as it passed over his bed. What a compliment to her was that of another poor sick man, who said to her, 'I be- lieve you are not a woman but an angel. How much better is that than the homage of the draw- ing room, or triumph of a flirtation. (Applause.) How many a woman might be an angel to the poor hollow eyes that followed her from a sick ed. Let us remember that this is not an attempt- to draw woman from her sphere. But let us con- sider how many claims there are out of this sphere. Let us not fear any ridicule which may be cast upon us. Ridicule is the feeblest weapon that can be used ; it proves the lack of heavier artillery; it fires scattering shot, and does not hit the mark. (Applause.) It is rather a fear- ful picture to be sure, of a masculine woman, scheming in Wall-street, or shouting in Tam- many Hall. But when called to step forward to the line, who shows more manliness, more courage, than woman? Look at the maid of Saragossa, look at Grace Darling, and at that noble woman who but a year ago brought home the ship of her poor disabled husband; she may have been out of her sphere, but she circumnavigated, the globe. (Applause.) I am inclined to believe that a woman starving in the streets is fully as incongruous as a woman in the Senate or the Forum. The true idea of civilisation will never be vol- folded till woman has been placed, upon an equality with man. In the cabin of the May- flower, in the war of the Revolution, when the wives loaded the muskets, there were such men, because there were such women. The grandest transactions of history are unfolded, when she stands nearest to man as an equal ; and when Christianity shall have reached its highest point her heart will be near his baud. Let woman stand upon the ground of her human nature, then there will be mutual honor and mutual help ; then there will be no discordant immc in the march from the paradise which they left together —to that paradise wliich they hope lo attain. (Great applause.) 