VASS ANHUAL RAOES. (Abridgedfrom the Yass Courier, April 21.J Sorrow has thrown her dark mantle over the district -during the week, and left ui to mourn tho death ot one whom we thought it a pride to honour anti esteem while be sojourned with the living, and whoso memory wo will respect now he sleeps with the dead-wo mean tho late John Richard Hardy, lîsq., of Hardwicke. Tho sad in- formation was received on the race course on the morning of the tint day's racing, and tended in some slight measure to throw a damp over the proceedings. Friday's races on the tnution of Mr Kees Jones, seconded by Dr Campbell, were, in consequence of the funeral postponed till to-day. The grand" opening day" was WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21. The MAIDEN PLITB of £35 ( for all horses that never won on advertised prizo exceeding £10) weight forage; 1} ?milos ¡ one event. Mr. A. H. llame's b m Crazy Jane...... (Donglas) I I B S. Furlong's ch f Camlnic. 2 J. Moses's bk m Venus . 3 Tho bettlntr had been for some time previous to the race in favor of Venus, and even to tbo tims of starting odds of 2 to 1 could have been obtained. Tho race may bo described in a few words. Crngy Jane jumped off with a slight lead, but was deprived of it just boforo passing the stand by Venus, Cambric lying in tho rear. On rounding the back of the course. Crazy Jane again went in front, was never afterwards headed, and won easy by a length ; Cambric beating tho " goddess of beauty" by about threo lengths for- second place. Time, 3 min 3 sec. The TOWN PLATE £70- for all horses) weight for age; heats, twice round the course. Mr. \V, Davis's b g Tranby, aged.(Buck) I 1 J. Davis's br g Revenge, aged. 3 2 P. McAlister's b g Bushman .dr Any odds on Tranby, it being supposed that Revenge had only been entered to qualify him as a beaton horco for tho Consolation Stakes. Tranbv went otTnith a strong lead, was never caught in cither lieat and won as ho lilted, doing the first heat in 4-min.37seo.,and thoseennd in 5 min. 4 sec. Both horses kept well together through- out, hut Revenge had never the ghost of a chance with Tranby. HACK RAOB, .£20, the winner to be told for£20; aoy sur- plus to go to the Kaco Fund; for all hacks; weight for age; beats twico round the course. Mr. Thomns Coil's b g Pigeon, aged..(Mr Sims) 1 1 Grogan's bk ra Jangler, aged . 3 2 Quail's ch m Kate Kearney, 5 yrs. 2 0 Gorman's b g Sebastopol, aged . 0 3 The betting was in favor of Jangler and Sebastopol, Kato Kearney and Pigeon having but few admirers. Jangler started with a slight lrad, which was soon re- signed to Pigeon, who seem to" take wings and tly away", for nothing could overhaul the " old bird'' again, and he cantered in with half a dozen lengths to spare, Jangler svidently not going for the heat. In tbo second heat, Jangler again went off with an ad- vantage, and maintained it with a look of mischief, till within threo-quarters of a mile from home, when Mr Sims ?hook old Pigeon up, deprived Jangler of the lead, and won easily, Jangler apparently shirking the contest. Pigeon was then pat up to auction, and was boueht in for Mr Colls for £20 10s., realising £& 10s. for the foods. This closed the races for the first day. Die results oc ?ioned very little disappointment, for tbe principal event was " arranged" before hand, and the Maldon Plate was only a surprise to a few up and down country sharpers who thought themselves in the secret about Venus : but "a little knowledge is a dangerous thing", and the ad- venturers on an honest man's patrimony found it so on Wednesday last, for, while labouring under the impression that they wcro iii tho secrets, they forgot at the same time that Mr Burne intended running honest, and that he had .xcollont " line" of the said Venus, They found to their misfortune that there were " Chicls amnng them taking notes" (£ notes) faster than they cared to sport them. The events par-set! off without any further disturbance than one brief pugilistic enconntcr, which ended in a little blood and a friendly »harto of the hands, and the spectators turned away from the course and pursued" tbo noicoless tenor of their way", some looking as though they had imbibed to excess, and others-cool, quick, and calculating-weighing up their profit and loss in" a manner worthy of the counting house. SECOND OAT-THDIUDAT. HOIIDLB RACK, £30; for all horses carrying Homebush welter weights; 3 times round tba course) 9 leaps, 3ft 9!n. Air. P. MoAlister's b g Bushman.(Lawler w o Three other horses were entered, but none could face thelenps, and Bushman cantered round unopposed, leap- ing the hurdles like a cat. There was some little interest attached to this race in consequence of several bets that Bushman did not baulk or touoh, but thoso who backed the horse's gameness and ability to do his work clean might have staked a little fortune on the result, for he bounded over his leaps with such comparative ease that even tbo sufferes by bis success could not help dropping expressions of admiration. Second Kaco-A Subscription HACK RACE of 10s each, with £5 added; mile heats, terminated in tho following ordor; Mr. Hume's Messmate.(Douglas) Oil McAllstor's Spider. 1 O 3 Garry's Willy the Wcazle. 3 2 2 Gorman's Sydney.-. 2 3 0 G. Potter's Woodpecker,. 0 0 0 Grnbo's Candy. 0 0 0 Downey's Jumper. 9 0 0 Hilly's Waggery Jack. 0 0 0 Pavis's Paddy. 0 0 0 Vallencc's Nimrod. 0 0 0 The first lient was the best contested race of the meet- ing, the betting being in favor of Mcssmato and Spider. Willy took the lead, Spider keeping in the rear till round- ing the distance-post, when by «lint of severe punishment lie »cjueozed in belwcon Willy and Sydney, and won a ' beautifully contested race by a length. In tbo second boat Messmate rushed off with tho load, kept it throughout, and won hard held by^four or fivo lengths. The third heat was a mere repetition of the last, Mess- mate taking the load, keeping it, nndjwinning easy. Another race was got up by'the same systom as the previous one, under the name of a Hurry Scurry of 5s each £3 added. ' Mr. Jlourke's Teazer.(Bourke) 3 1 1 Collis's Fly. 13 3 Mc A lister's Horrocks. 2 3 2 Downoy's Charles O'Malloy. 0 0 0 Grogan's Merry legs. 0 0 0 Tho first hoat was a splendid race, Fly winning after plenty of (logging by a neck. Tho other heats were carried away by Tester easily. 