PLEASE TO LEAVE YOUR UMBRELLA. I MA.DE a visit the other day to the Palace at Hampton Court. I may have had my little reason for being in the best of humours with the .Palace at Hampton Court ; but that little reason is neither here (ah ! I wish it were here !) nor there. In the readiest of moods for complying witn any civil request, I was met, in the entrance hall of the public apartments at Hampton Court, by the most obliging of policemen, who requested me to leave my umbrella in his custody at the fjot of the stairs. " Most willingly," said I, " for my umbrella la very wet." So the policeman hung it on a rack, to drip on the stone floor with the sound of an irregular clock, and gave me a card of authority to reclaim it when I should come out again. Then, I went prosperously through the long suitis of deserte.l rooms, now look- ing at the pictures, and now leaning over the broad old window seats and looking down into the rainy old gardens, with their formal gravel walks, clipped trees, and trim turf banks-gardens with court-suits on. There was only one other visitor (in very melancholy boots) at Hampton Court that blessed day ; who soon went his long grave way, alternately dark in the piers and light in the windows, and was Been no more. " I wonder," said I, in the manner of the Senti- mental Journeyer, " I wonder, Yorick, whether, with this little reason in my bosom, I should ever want to get out of these same interminab'eeuites of rooms, and return to noise and bustle ! It seems to me that I could stay here very well until the grisly phantom on the pale horse came at a gallop up the staircase, seek- ing me. My little reason should make of these queer dingy closet-rooms, these little corner chimney-pieces tier above lier, this old blue china of squat shapes, these dreary old state beds eada with attenuated posts, nay, dear Yorick," said I, stretching forth my bund towards a stagnant pool of blacking in a frame, "should make, even of 'hese very works of art, an encompassing universe of beauty and happiness. The fountain in the staid red and white courtyard without (for we had turned that angle of the building), 'would never fall too monotonously on my ear, the four chilled sparrows now fluttering on the brink of its basin would never chirp'a wish for change of weather, no bargeman on the ruin-speckled river; no wayfarer rain-be!a<ed under the leafless trees in the park, would ever come into my fancy as examining in despair those arrollen clou ts, and vainly peering for a ray ot sunshine. I and my little reatoo, Yorick, would keep house here, all our lives, in per- fect contentment ; and when we died, our ghost should make of this dull palace the first building ever hauted happily I" .. I had got thus far in my adaptation of the Senti- mental Journey when I was recalled to my senses by the visible presence of the BUcking which I just now mentioned. " Good heaven 1" I eried wiih a start ¡ " now I think of it, what a sumner of articles that policeman below stairs required me to leave with him!" > " Only an umbrella. He said no more than, Pleast to leave your umbrella1" I " Faith, Yorick," I returned, V he insisted on rn] :---.'/.-.:.'?..' - - ?-? '.'"..? .' ,.?'.-. patting so rauoh valuable property imo my umbrella, and leaving ie all at the foot of the stain before I en- tered on the contemplation of many of theae pictures, that I tremble to think of the extent to which I have open despoiled. That policeman demanded of me, for the time being, all the best bumps in my head. Form, colour, sizj, proportion, distance, individuality, the true perception of every object on the face of the earth or the face of the Heavens, he insisted on my leaving at the foot of the stairs before I could condde in the catalogue. And now I find the moon to be really made of green cheese ; the san to be a yellow wafer or a little round blister ; the deep wild sea to be a shallow series of slate-coloured festoons turned upside down ; the human -face divine to be a smear ; the whole material and trarnaierial universe to be sticky with treacle and polished lip »with blacking. Conceive what I must be, through all the rest of my life, if the poli enan should make off with my um- brella and never restore it 1" Filled with the terrors of this idea, I retraced my step* to the top of the stairs, and looked over thc hand-rail for my precious property. It was still keep- ing time on the stone pavement like an irregular clock, and the policeman (eviden-.ly possessed by ? no dishonest spirit) was reading a newspaper. Calmed and comprised, I resumed my musing way through the many rooms.' I Please to leave your umbrella. . Of all the Powers that get your umbrella from you, Taste is the most I encroaching and insatiate. Please to put into your umbrella, to be deposited in the hall until you. come out again, all your powers of comparison, all your ex j perience, all your individual opinion1). Please to ac- cept with this ticket for your umbrella the individual I opinions of some other personage «hose name is Some- body, or Nobody, or Anybody, and to swallow the same without a word of demur. Be so good as to leave your eyes with your umbrellas, gentlemen, and I to deliver up your private judgment with your walk- ing sticks. Apply this ointment, compounded by the learned Dervish, and you shall see no end of camels going with the greatest ea;e through needles' eyes. Leave your umbrella-full of property, which is not by any means to be poked at this collection with the police, and you shall acknowledge, whether you will or no, this hideous porce- lain-ware to be beautiful, these- wearisomely still and unimaginative forms to be graceful, these coarse daubs to be masterpieces. L»ave your.u-nbrella and take up your gentility. Taste proclaims to you what is. the genteel thing ; receive it and be genteel ! Think no more of your umbrellas- be they the care of the Police of Scotland Yard ! Tnink no more for yourselves-bs you the care of the Police of Taste ! I protest that the very tax-gatherer doos not de- mand so much of me as the Powers who demand mv umbrella. The Tax-gatherer will not allow me to I wear hair-powder unmolested ; but the .Umbrella gaiherer will not allow me to wear my head. The fax-gatherer ' takes toll ot' my spade ; bit the Um- J brella-gatherer will not permit roe to call my spade, a spade. Longinus, Aristotle, Doctor Waagen, and the Musicnl Glasses, Parliamentary Commissions, the Lord Knows-Who, Marlborough House, and the Brompton Boilers, have declared my spade to be a mop-stick. And I must please to give up my umbrella and believe in the mop-stiuk. Again. Tho moral distinctions, and the many re- membrances, and balances of This and Tha% which I am required by other authorities to put into my so often demanded umbrella and to leave in the lobby, are as numerous as the Barnacle family. It was but a sessions or two ago that I went to the gallery at the Old Bailey, to hear a trial. Was my umbrella all that I was called upon to leave behind me, previous to tak- ing my seat ? Certainly not. I was requested, to put so many things into it that it became, though of itself a neat umbrella, more bulgy than Mrs. Gamp's. I found it insisted upon that I should cram into this un- fortunate article all the weighty comparisons I had ever made in my life between the guilt of laying hands upon a pound of scraggy mutton, and upon hundreds of thousands of pounds of sterling money. I lound it insisted upon that I should leave with my umbrella before I went into court any suspicions I had about me (and I happened to have a good many), that distortion and perversion of the truth, plainly for the purpose of so much gain, and for the enhancement oi a professional reputation, were to be observed there, outside the dock, and beyond the prisoner. I found i myself required to take a ticket, conventionally used I in that place, in exchange for my natural perceptior of many painfully ludicrous things that should have become obsolete long ago. Not that I complain o this particular demand at the door j for otherwise ho« could I have borne the fearful absurdity of the judgi bting unable to discharge the lase awfu duty of his office without putting on i Btrange little oomical hat, only used for the diemiesa of a blood-stained soul into eterni'y ? Or how could have withheld myself from bursting out into a fit c laughter, which would have been contempt of couri wheo the same exalted functionary and two virtuou counsel (I never in my life had the pleasure of hearin two gentlemen talk so much virtue) were griml. pleasant on the dressing.ap in woollen wigs of certaii Negro singers, whose place of entertainment had bee innooently the scene of a manslaughter. While th exalted functionary himself, and tue two virtuou counsel themselves, were at that very moment dreBse up in woolly wigs, to the full as false and ridiculous e any theatrical wigs in the world, only they were n< of the n*>gro colour ! But, when I went to the Strangers' Gallery of th House of Commons, I had a greater load to leave wit my umbrella than Christian had to lay down in tl Pilgrim's Progress. The difference between Blac and White, which is really a very large one, ai enough to burst any umbrella, was the first thing had to force into mine. And it was well for me tb this was insisted on by the police, or how could I ha' escaped the serjeant-at-arms, when the very san member who on the last occasion of my going to tl very same place I had with my own oars heard a: nounce with the profoundest emotion that be eau down to that house expressly to lay his hand upon I heart and declare that black was white, and there w no such thing as black, now announced with the pr foundest emotion that he came down to that house e pressly to lay his hand upon his heart and declare tb white was black and there was no such thing as whit If you have such an article about you (said the ut brella-taker to me in effect) as the distir tion between very ill-constructed comm places, and sound patriotic facts, yon i requested to leave it at the door here.-1 all means, said I.-You have there a no of multitude or signifying many, called the countr please to put that too, tn your umbrella.-Willing! said I.-Yoar belief that public opinion is not t lobby of this place and the bores of the clubs, will much in your way, and everybody else's hereabout please to'leave thit likewise.-You are welcome to said I.-But I am bound to admit that, thus denudi I passed quite a pleasant evening ; which I an cern I could not have done, if I had been allowed take my umbrella and its cumbrous contents in wi me. Please to leave your umbrella. I have gone ii churches where I have been required to . leave i umbrella in a sham mediaeval porch, with hundn of eventful years of history squeezed in among its ri I have gone into public assemblages of gi pretensions - even into assemblages gathe together under the most sacred of names-and umbrella, filled to the handle with my sense of Oh: I tian fairness and moderation, has been taken from at the door. All through life, according to my j sonal experience, I must please to leave my timbre I had reached this point and waa about to «postro-. phise Yorick once more, when a civil voice requested me, in obliging tones, to "claim my umbrella.". I might have done thai, without a ticket, as there was no other on the rack in the hall at Hampton Court Palace, whither I had now worked my way round by another oouise, without knowing it. However, I gave ba;k my ticket, and got back my umbrella, and then I aud my little reason went dreaming away under its sheller through the fast-falling,spring rain, which had a sound in it that day like the raslie of the coming summer.- Household Words. TUB PnoRMTOii TENAX.-On the 16th ultimo, the following resolution was unanimously adopted by the House of Representatives ¡-"That, with a view to encourage the preparation of New Zealand flax or other fibrous plants indigenous to the colony, as an article of export, a respectful nddreBBbe presented to the Governor, informing his Excellency that, in the opinion of this House, it is desirable that same reward should be held out to persons who may prove, to the satisfaction of the Government, that they have dis- covered an efficient meaoB whereby fhx or other such fibrous plants can be prepared, in such quantities and at such cost as will render it an article of general ex- port ; and that, should the Governor deem it prndent to pay, in accordance with the terms of a notice in the Government Gazette, ofTDecember 20, 1856, the House undertakes to make provision for the. same."-New Zealander. ' -The business of tho Divorce Court is rapidly ¡in- creasing. Thirty-nine cases were in the list on Satur- day. ; . . . ANTIQUITIES IN CNIDUS.--The following letter de- scribes the progress made in excavating the ruins of Cnidus : -"This noble"animal fa lion) is ten feet long from stem to stern. He is of Parian marble, and in very floe condition He is in a couchant attitude, his head turned round to the right. From the base to the top of his head he measures six feet. His weight I should imagine to be eight tons. He is lying on his side. The upper side is of course somewhat weather-beaten, though the great essentials of form are there ; but the lower side, as far SB I can tell by look- ing under it, is nearly as fresh as when it left the hands of the artist. The injuries which he h BB sus- tained are few. The fore paws and part of the lower jaw are wanting, but it is very probable that we may find them. The left hind leg has been a good deal crushed by his fall ; in other respects he is perfect. He has no eyes, but very deep sockets, which may have been filled with vitreous paste, unless the sharl dows produced by these hollows were considered in colossal sculpture as the equivalent of eyes. As his nose is at present half buried in the ground it is diffi- cult tojudge of the effect of thesi hollow sockets: they seem, however, to give an idea of the general scale of the animal. 1 can just'squeeze my clenched fist into the sockets-exoculo leonem I The style of the sculp- ture, and the quality and treatment of the marble, are so much like those of the Mausoleum lions as to leave little or no doubt in my mind that the Cnidian colos- sus is by one of the four sculptors employed by. Artimésia, probably either Scopus or Bryaxis, as they both executed celebrated works at Cnidus. Now, as to the position of the lion. He is lying on the slope of z wild rocky promontory, on the "top of which, a few feet above him, are the remains of a large tomb, which appears to be lying as it was thrown down by an earthquake. This tomb has a square basement about 40 feet each way. It has been faced externally with Doric columns, partially engaged in a wall, and surmounted by triglyphs. These remains of Doric architecture are executed in a coarse marble, and lie strewn round th3 tomb on every side. Within this architectural facing was a solid mass of work. The upper couraeB of this mass of masonry are circular, and form concentric rows of steps, which, when the building was entire, must have taken the form of a pramid. These circular course are, I shotild imagine, the outside of a dome formed by stones laid horizontally, so as to project inwards, one beyond the other. An attempt has evidently been mads to break into the tomb at the top and at the base on one side. Whether this attempt was success- ful remains to be ascertained. It would appear that, in driving an entrance into one of the Bides of the basement, the structure of the vault has been so dis- located that its crown has fallen in and filled up the interior of the tomb with rubhish. I suppose that the original chamber was constructed like that of the treasury of Atreus -that the sides and vault were ex- ternally faced with the marble now scattered round the tomb, and that the lion stood on the top The stones of this tomb are so large that it is supposed that gentle blasting will be' necebsary to remove them." THE SEWAGE OB LONDON-The following is the plan of the Sewage Commission :-" The proposition now submitted is to construct embankments detached from the shore, in the form of advanced terraces, con tinuouB oh the surfaces, but affording at convenient distances entrances to the inner basins, on the prin- ciple recommended by the Commissioner of Metropolis "Improvement, in their.report of 1844. In the interior of these lengths of embankment a series of separate reservoirs would be formed, into which the whole of the Bewers of the metropolis now discharging directly into the Thames would have their outfall. The solid matters would there be separated and precipitated, and the liquid treated with some deodorising agent before discharge. Intercepting sewers would cut off the whole of the high level drainage of the metropolis, now such a source of mischief to the low districts, and conduct it by gravitation to the reservoirs. Steam engines on land would rise the sewage of the low lovtls to the ea-ne height. The reservoirs would eaoh be subdivided, and the compartments would be U6ed alternately, so that the sewage would remain at rest a sufficient length of time to deposit its sus- pended matter, the liquid being regularly discharged, except in tim<=s of fl tod, during ebb tide, and below low water level. Eng'ne power would be provided capable of raising into these terrace reservoirs, from the low level districts, the maximum flow of sewage, toeether with rainfall, at the rate of one inch in depth in 24 hours, but the capacity of thereservtirs would be sufficient to receive even a" larger amount by gravita- tion from the high level urban districts, and to retain it long enough to insure the separation of the immense quantities of offensive solid matter brought down from the sewers during heavy rains. It is rarely on more than two or three days in a year that a fall of rain ex- ceeds the depth of an inch, and the excess which would be directly discharged from the sewers on such occasions would cause no appreciable pollution of the river. The solid matters precipitated in the reservoirs would be pumped away in the form of sludge through pipes in connection with the whole of the reservoirs, and carried out to sea, if no opportunity should arise for the beneficial employment of" this material. The cost is estimated at £3,250,000. DREADFUL MCRBER AND 8mcn>i5 AT STAPFOUD. Between one and- two o'clock on Thursday morning, 1st July, the residents of Feel-terrace, in the suburbs of Stafford, were aroused by the cry of " murder," and shortly afterwards it was ascertained that a young man named John Cooper, alias Hall, had been brutally murdered by a person named Henry Murray Hall, who almost immediately afterwards deprived himself of life by cutting his own throat with a razor. The circum- stances, so far as they have at present transpired, are these :- The murderer and his victim were shoemakers, of strong political bias ; and it is also stated that they were infidels. Henry Murray Hall occupied a small house, in whieh resided a female by whom he had three children, and the murdered man lived with them. For some time the murderer has very warmly espoused a contested point-whether the burgesses of Stafford had the right of fishing in the river Sow, adjoining the town,-the burgesses contending under the provisions of King John's charter that that privilege was there conceded them; whilst Earl Shrewsbury and others owning land on the banks of the river denied the right. Public meetings have been held in the town with reference to the subject, of which Henry Murray Hall had been chairman, and notices had been served upon him and others not to fish in the river. With the view of contesting the right, Hall, with other persons, persisted in fishing ; and the result had been that writs have been Berved upon them for trespass, with, the Tiew to the right being tried at the approaching assizes. It is stated that Hall has been much excited since the service of the writ, and on Wenes^ay night he and Cooper re- tired to bed in one room, as usual, his children and their mother occupying the other. After being in bed some time, Cooper became so alarmed at the strange conduct and violent gesticulations of Hall, that he got up, with the intention of going for his brother to en- deavour to pacify him. On their return, Cooper went into the house, when Hall, who was a powerful man, rushed down the staircase, and, seizing a sharp shoe- maker's knife from the workbench, pinned his victim against the wall, and struck him with it m toe abdomen. The female, who ran down stairs after him, immediately caught hold of his hand, and Cooper ran ont of the house, followed by Hall, who was in a state of nudity, with the exception of his old tattered shirt. Cooper ran into the garden, where he was overtaken by his pursuer, who again struck him with the knife on the chest and heart, and he fell at his feet a lifeless corpse. As soon as the foul deed was perpetrated, Hall returned to the house, and told the female he had done for him, and that he shoutd have served her in the same way if she had prevented him from following him. He then went up stairs, where he ie supposed to bave taken a razor, and after kissing his children, he again descended to the kitchen, where he inflicted a terrific gash on the right side of his neck, severing the carotid artery, and causing instant death. The unhappy man, who Btood near the fireplace, fell backwards upon the floor, and ' the blood gushed over the furniture in the room, and > flowed in a pool around his body. The dead body of ', Cooper was subsequently brought into the kitchen j and placed near that of his murderer, and the floor of [ the place almost resembled that of a slaughter-house. Sevtral persons saw the two men in the garden, being aroused by the cries of Cooper ; but the fatal deed had been accomplished before any one could get near to render the slightest assistance. . THB FIEET op LORD LYONS.-This magnificent fleet are cruising off the Island of Malta and going through many evolutions. On the night of the lOih June, a heavy cannonade was heard which at first alarmed many of the natives, but it proved to be a sham battle fought by the fleet heating N.N.E. of the island, the firing was quick and lasted till about alittle after midnight. Some of the broadsides were so heavy that houses were actually shaken from the effects, ana several people fancied it was a shock of an earthquake. The nomination of candidates to fill the vacancy in the representation of the county of Norfolk, caused by the death of Sir E. N. Buxton, took plaae at Norwich on Saturday. The gentlemen proposed were Sir Henry 8tracey on the Conservative interest, and Major Coke on the Liberal. Both candidates were present, and adirtgscd the meeting. A show of handB was afterwards taken, which being declared in favour ol Sir H. Stracey, Major Coke demanded a poll. 