>> SStarrg' gnaws. THE FAIRY TALES OF SCIENCE. (From the National Magazine.) THE whole earth was one great, steam- ing, fragrant hot-house and everything it bore was of tropical luxuriance, and of more than tropical magnitude. Mosses and ferns and grasses ; as large as our largest forest trees, grew in broad savan Tahs by rivers to which the Thames is but as a silver line. Thick jungles of trailing plants knotted themselves from pairs to pine ; and fragile growths, which scarcely now reach to a man's knee and are steadily trodden under foot, then towered over head, and arched themselves into monstrous groves which nothing could have oken down save the gigantic crea- tures-the mastodons and the mammoth? which came crushing through the jungles to the river side. Strange fishes, too, filled the tepid waters; some with long head- pieces ; others globose, winged, and spear armed and one covered with bony scales, more like a shark than anything else of modern existence. A monstrous frog's very elephant of a frog squatted in the rank marshes : perhaps he croaked in the mid- night like modern frogs, shaking the earth with his voice like a lion roaring at a fountain ; immense lizards floundered in the slimy mud, basking in the burning heat of the sun above and of the earth below; fish-like types of beasts, crocodiles, and tortoises crowded together in wild, exaggerated, unfinished forms ; while pouched beasts (marsupials,) and things like the Australian kangaroo rat, leaped and hopped where ammunition, from an inch to a cart-wheel in diameter, belem mites, sacrifices, and the beautiful stone lily, gathered thick and close about the heated shores. All sorts of weird shapes and indefinite actions were there. Beasts that could fly or swim or walk, as the humour took them, realized the fantasies of the after-world respecting flying dragons and winged serpents. The pterodactyl was one of them ; a huge beast with a bird's head, and lengthy jaws armed with formidable teeth, with a long neck of the swan or giraffe mould, and wings of folded skin like the leather wings of a bat, finished off with hooks at the ends of what are called by courtesy fingers j while its body was clothed with scales, not with feathers nor yet with hair. Now what was this creature ! It was not a bird, nor a beast, nor a true reptile. What congruity was there between its bats wings and its scaly back ; its dra- gon's teeth and its bird-like head ! Where could you class it? what could you name it A beast when it climbed the jungle trees, and swung from the branches, holding on by the curved claws of its powerful paw 2 and a bird when it flew through night, its large eyes staring in the dark ness for its prey a reptile when it crawled along the ground, and struck its jun long stiff tail among the shells by the w< ocean shores; and a fish when it swam I so through the water, or washed after the tortoises and write yOUng of the messages it was a combination of all, but perfect in none ; a confusion of forces, none of which had space for development or power of free action. But in those days nothing was complete nothing seemed wrought out by a master-hand; all was endeavor- the first essays of the " prentice hand, which has not yet learnt the truth lying in beauty and symmetry, and is labouring at its undeveloped idea. It was all like the work of a giant child, modelling awkwardly and clumsily'" but gigantically, according to the laws of his childhood and his strength. And yet, out fathers strange forms, Nature slowly, but by such sure progression, decorated the present condition of gracious organism; and who can say but that the same force is at work yet, and that in what is lies the germ of a future perfection, the like to which neither poet nor artist has ever imagined or depicted ? Then come other animals the guano don, a monstrous browsing reptile, an innocuous kind of crocodile, living on the pine and fur buds, on the huge club mosses, and tremendous horse-tail grasses to be found by the river's edge; and after him the megalomania, or great lizard, thirty-five feet in length at the lowest computation, a great, fat, clumsy lizard, but dangerous too, feeding on flesh, and especially inimical to the helpless guano don and his herbivorous brethren. It was a bad day for the peaceful guano don when he heard the megalomania come tramp- ling through the thickets to his haunts, intent on crunching their huge bones, huge as they were, between those fearful teeth, good atcut-and-thrust, like lancets, or at veritable millstone crushing. What a frightful beast for anything to meet in that steaming heat with his head five feet in length, and his tail fifteen, and twenty two feet odd in girth round his unwieldly carcase ! A lion would be but so a petulant mouse by the side of that primeval lizard and our elephants would fare no better than did the poor guano don could) such a monster stalk till now from the mud of a new oolite formation, grinding beneath his heavy feet the myriads of minute shells afterwards to be known to man as lime- stone. * But out of all those strange revelations of geology, and the wonderful things written in the fossil-books of crea- tion, the "fairy tales of science " which never end and never pall upon the reader, we come to one very manifest conclusion that existing life is generally of a much higher organization than that which is passed, of more perfect adaptability, and more complete fitness and use and that if we may reason from analogy, and the gradual progress upward from, the archaic to the modern, the future will be as far above the present, in beauty, re- finement, symmetry, and spiritual power, as the past now lies below it-the perfected world will be as little like the present one 3s existing forms are like those dumb uncouth struggles of early nature before she had shaped herself to the glory and divinity of. beauty and g race, the car We 038 try over by ] turn err Mo SyC( His the at the 'Al In for Sir Re use the car he can get for over am and hit! Ma pin x SH Eli Pri men four tons pre fell MR. Prii 6 MY UNCLE wCHiNA.-^The1 pawnbroker of Tclioukiang occupied one of the finest boats in the merchant's street ; the facade, well varnished, well decorated, bore an inscription, of which the impertinent ap- propriateness must often have excited the anger of the habitues of the establishment. It was as follows :-" Practice economy, so as not to borrow." The Chinese alone are capable of robbing their customers and preaching morality at the same time. When we went on board, we found the master of the place comfortably installed in the interior of the apartment, on the left of the entrance, just beneath the little altar, which is quite indispensable; he was seated before a table, on which bundles of paper were seen arranged in order, and which were surrounded by a magnificent circulating machine. The Chinese proprietor was handsome, radiant, and pre- possessing ; his head, taken altogether, was remarkably long, and was resting softly upon a handsome fur dress ; finally, he had more the look of a jolly companion than of a usurer ; but appearances are so awfully deceitful J When he saw us, our friend gave us a little patronising bow, as much as to say, " I know what brings you ;" but when our Chinese interpreter explained to him that we were inquiring travellers, and not customers, he rose and overwhelmed us with the warmest manifestations of Chinese politeness. The objects deposited with him were arranged on shelves, on which were inscribed the dates of the loans, and the time granted to the debtors for repaying their. Whilst we were examining with interest, the room which contained this large collection of curiosities, our guide endeavored to prove to us the morality of his profession, by persuading us that the pledges which had been left with him would gain considers ably by passing through his hands. " They generally bring us nothing but dirty half worn-out rags ; but as soon as I receive them I clean them carefully, and it often happens that when they redeem them, which seldom occurs, the owners are astonished to receive quite a new article, instead of the old thing they had left some time before. The transformation which these rags undergo-in my hands is itself worth all the interest I receive." After this, it must be admitted that the pawnbrokers of Europe are mere children compared with those of the Celestial Empire ; the former have never thought of this argument in proof of the excellence of their profession Inside Canton. By Dr. Yean. SpEECH-MAKiNG.-Who hasnotknown a pleasant party utterly done for-every element of its pleasantness extinguished -by the demon of speech-making throw- ing its wet blanket over it. The interesting conversation, the smartly maintained argument, the quick repartee, the good humoured bandage, all paralysed in a moment by some unhappy speech-maker who rises from his chair like a ghost through a trap-door, and-in an unfaltering stolid voice asks permission to propose a toast! It is grafted of course. You know that all is over-the blow has been struck I enjoyment is lying sprawling under the table dying or dead. You may as well take your hat and go home discon ( solately in the rain : you know what will follow. You know that the wretch is going to propose your host's health you know all that a creature of the kind says ; he is always sure the toast he is about to give recurrence comment-that its object requires no eulogium from him to make them all do that toast due honor. All the coMmon-place cant of compliment is duly gone through, and the deuce of it is that the matter don't end here. The toasted (there is no law against, coasts WOrds as against coming half-crowns), is in duty bound to re- turn thanks, which process he performs by disclaiming seriatim all the flattery lavished upon him, and too often winding up by plastering it more upon another who in his turn repeats the interesting operation. And so it goes round; (he mania is as catching as the small-pox. Everybody proposes everybody else's health. It would be an insult given to leave out anybody-received, to be left out by everybody. Conversation, amus- ing or instructive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments, neither instructive, amusing, nor sincere. You, no more mean what you say when you make an ordinary buttering after-dinner speech than you do what you write when you finish a letter with your most obedient servant, and address it to a fellow whom you mean to kick the first time you can catch him. Neto Monthly Magazine. The Manchester Guardian is sorry, to learn that, in consequence of certain unfortunate diffi station in which he has become involved, Mr. Walter Savage Landor, the well-known poet and essayist has found it necessary to leave the country. A collection of pictures, the property of the venerable litterateur, are advertised to be sold by dilution. MOtION, THE HOEST. Mf John Robertson n rites to the Athenaeum, in correction of some erroneous statements respecting the late Mr. Monson:-"James Monson, the hygeia, wise Scotchman, and a gentleman by birth and education. His family was of the landed gentry of Aberdeenshire his brother being Monson, of Regnier an estate north about £4,000 a year, and some of the finest granite-built mansions in Aberdeen ' Morison's Hal),' for instance belonged to him. In 1848 James Morison having sold his commission, for he was an officer in the army, lived in No. 17, Silver-street, Aberdeen, a house belonging to Mr. Reid, of Souter and Reid druggists. He obtained the use of their pill-machine, with which he made, in their book shop, as many pills as filled two large cakes. The ingredients of these pills, however, he may have modified then) afterwards, were chiefly satirical and bitter aloes. With these two great ' meal bowers' filled with pills, he started for London, with the fag-end of his fortune advertised them far and wide, and intimately amassed £50,00. Mr. Reid was frequently impor timed by Dr. Moir, a fellow-student of the late Sir James M'Gregor's under Dr. Fçence, of Marischal College, to write to The 'heat and expose the whole matter, but he never come pledge A FDHMT WAY up wiura«*-SLUDOE SLUDGE! SMJDOB J | I Bendigo Flat, Epson, Eaglehawk Flat and Gully, Long Gully, Ironbark, Sailor's and Pegleg Gullies, Job's and California-in brief more than one moiety of this gold-field is threatened with "explunotifloation,"ov this filthy torrent. Meanwhile we are squabbling about precedence, and illustrating to an azimuth the Able of the bundle of sticks in the mud. Miners Journal, Printed and Published by the Proprieter, just SWAN, at the Courier General PrUtlOg Oflef G.»erg«.fltw«t, Just failing 