To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald." I SIR. One of your" correspondents ("Anglican") informs us that Churchmen of Sydney, and doubtless in the colony generally, will be dissatisfied if the spacious walls of our truly superb cathedral, really enclose a vast arena for mere preaching. Now, Sir, I am one of those churchmen, and in zeal for her real interests, I will yield to none. The grand idea I have formed of the church, is a vast collection of living stones, quarried out of the masses of our humanity, without sound of the hammer, fitly joined together and polished, after the similitude of a palace, to form one grand Temple of the Holy Ghost. As aids to worship " the full voiced choir," the rich tones of the organ, are mere subordinates.' If our cathedral be the mere arena for the artistic performance of the sublime productions of Tallis, Purcell, Gibbons, Boyce, Cross, and a host of others, then the beauteous metropolitan cathedral of the southern hemisphere will be prostituted, and so far from' regretting that it has been a quarter of a century a building, I would hope that it might for ages bo canopied by the skies alone. I trust "Anglican" would wish to see our superb cathedral filled to overflowing. Although our church is not the national church' of Australia, yet he would gladly see the nation flocking into it. 'How is this to be effected The noble appliances of which he writes with such enthusiasm, are employed with no lack of artistic skill, but alas in all our churches " yet there is room enough and to spare ;" our seats are indeed becoming emphatically free free from occupants. It is not that young Australia is becoming heathen, neither is it that our rising race are less intelligent of the Boeotian air of the antipodes ; it is, and let " Anglican" ruminate upon the thought, I that instead of mere preaching, we want more preaching, more primal, original, suggestive preaching ; more pulpit power; more preaching, that shall make men think that shall stir into action the latent! dormant energies of the Australian mind. When Anglican" next takes his_w<Jlks_ abroad, on a Sabbath evening, Letham go"to~the Congregational and the "Wesleyan. chapels ; he will find there many who in the morning were worshipping beneath his own vine and fig tree. Let him visit the purlieus of Parramatta-street ; there, too- he will find a humble chapel of ease, without a surpliced priest, but filled with earnest worshipping, thinking Australians, listening to the' earnest tones of Evangelism. Our diocesan halls the day when the arena of our cathedral shall be filled with the ungloved sons of toil ; but , wonderment guesses, who will occupy the pulpit » Let not Anglican imagine, for a moment, that intellectual preaching is our only want that would cater for the mind instead of the soul, just as he would "minister' ' (to the' cultivated taste with intellectual song. Australia demands an earnest, "heart stirring ¡ruim'sl'iy/fresh, racy with vigorous thought. It, demands that the preacher of Christ crucified should be able to speak as effectively as a lecturer on the royal Georires, or on the more noble peasant,- Bunyan. The time is gone when the ; service of the sanctuary was the intonation' of some precentor priest, or the artistic modulations of the chorister band ; a far nobler port free to God is the burst of united song from a thousand worshippers, hymning the authors of Jehovah's proud. EVANGEL. 