JiR. LA TROBE AND MR. COLIN CAMPBELL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-It was not for a moment to be supposed that any man could get through an electioneering contest without molestation who had, like myself, for so many years been a zealous opponent of the maladministration of Mr. La Trobe and the clique with which he had the misfortune to surround himself. But I must say that the fire has opened from an unexpected quarter, and it seems to me to be a new, and unconstitutional, feature in elections when a paid officer of the Government steps into the arena, and tries to the best of his ability, to injure the position of a candidate. In your Saturday's Issue you published a letter from Mr. Colin Campbell, the Secretary to the Denominational School Board, charg- ing me with Sunday delinquencies, and, amongst others, a violation of the truth. Mr. Johnston, he remarks, has said-" That Mr! La Trobe wanted to stand well in Downing, street, that was all he cared about, and in order to do that he wanted us to receive con- victs." ." Sir, I say, with the greatest possible distinctness, that there never was made in this colony a statement more remote from truth." Now, Sir, I beg to say with equal distinctness, that Mr. Campbell endeavors to free MR friend and late patron from such a charge by a most unworthy equivocation, and, acting up to his old and confirmed character, inflicts most serious injury on the man he wishes to protect; for assuredly no judicious friend of Mr. La Trobe's would ever renew public discussion on his merits or demerits, or push anyone to the proof of his total unfitness for the government of an independent people. It is true, that after a violent ebullition of public feeling, Mr. La Trobe sent a ship on to Sydney, after she had anchored in our Bay with prisoners. But did he not permit the landing on our shores of hundreds of convicts the outpourings of the Millbank and Penton- Vale prisons ? Or when the public voice became too strong to be longer disregarded in reference to this outrage, did he, as he ought to have done, place his immediate and emphatic veto on the far more infamous system substituted for it, by which thousands of criminals of the deepest dye, after undergoing a final training in the prisons and chain-gangs of van Diemen's Land, were let loose upon society here, under the cloak of a ticket of-leave or a conditional pardon wretches who for a number of years disgraced our criminal calendar with the records of the most revolting crimes, and reduced life and property to a state of insecurity for which there is no parallel in the whole history of colonial misrule. Now, Sir, as to Mr. La Trobe's leaning to Downing-street, and utter disregard of our interests. It so happens that your correspondent of Saturday once upon a time started a newspaper in Melbourne, called the Observer. The express object of this paper was to support ultra-squatting opinions, and at the same time to do its little all in upholding bad government. Its motto commenced with the very appropriate words, "Man is a creature holding large discourse;" and in a few months, its verboBe>nd leaden articles having composed all its subscribers to sleep, it followed their example, and quietly purred itself to sleep too. Having some fragments of this soporific journal still by me, I beg to lay one of them before your readers, believing, as I do, that I could not adduce a stronger proof of the truth of my remarks, or of how far public indignation must have gone before such a man could have been coerced into writing in such a strain. After discussing some of our many grievances, Mr. Campbell goes on to say :- ' What part had Mr. La Trobe in the He was a passive instrument, and admitting, as we do, that his position bound him down in obedience as the junior u command to his superior officers, we yet accuse him of moral cowardice for submitting to this system of passive obedience. It was, then, Sir George Gipps who Died the patient, but it was Mr. La Trobe who hold the ball in submission to the duties of his office and yet if he had disregarded the duties of office, and thought of its responsibilities, he would have thrown himself upon the people here; he would have thrown himself upon the Government and the country at home ; he would have dashed down the bowl, and refused directly or indirectly to sanction robbery. . , ... We cannot believe that any dishonest motives could have led to this, but we are forced to console ourselves with the reflection that our Superintendent had not the courage to encounter difficulties on behalf of those whom he represented. We must, then, come to a conclusion, which is this that while Mr. La Trobe has done his duty to his superiors in command, he has not done his duty to those who were dependent upon his influence and who had no other head but him to look to that the ties which appeared to bind him would have flown to pieces before a strong mind and a strong will, supported as they would have been both here and in England; and that while he had it in hlapoworto Confer, by bold exertion, prosperity on the provinces at which he was in charge, and, at the same time, immortal honor on himself, he has failed to act at the right time, and we and he must take the consequence. On the one side we must, for the future, exert ourselves In defence of our property and our independence without reference to others and on the other side, he, who has prided himself on mediocrity of action and obedience of orders, must be content with some situation where such qualities will do no public injury. Such, then, was your correspondent's opinion of Mr. La Trobe in 1848 In reference to the squatters, I am happy to say that I count some of the present squatters among my most respected friends, and they, in common with many more of their class, have the interests of the colony as much at heart as any other of our fellow-colonists, and are perfectly contented to hold their runs until, and only until, they are wanted for more permanent use, as purchased land. But I again assert that the old race of squatters as a class were in favor of transportation Chinese immigration, or any other means whatever that would give them cheap labor What does Mr. Campbell himself admit while at the same time he attempts to prove me guilty of an untruth ?" I know that a one time a certain number of squatters made arrangements to procure ex convict labor from Van Diemen's Land." In concluding the subject of the squatters I would briefly!. remark that the worse enemies the squatter have ever known (and they themselves are fully aware of it have been men of th Wm. Forlonge and Colin Campbell stamp ; men who were constantly occupying until nable ground, and who, although the sel elected mouthpieces of the squatters, came the end to be looked upon as the type of the genus, and hence it is not to be wondered the whole genus has come to be distrusted and disliked. Mr. Colin Campbell also condescends I "discourse" on the part I took in their election movement of 1847. Up to that time all our efforts to obtain separation from New South Wales were useless. Our revenue were spent many hundreds of miles from our border; our local grievances and necessities disregarded; and all our petitions of colonial independence, whether addressed the colonial authorities or to Downing street were equally unavailing. We were told the we were not fit to manage our own affairs and that for the time being we were fair enough represented under the existing system Every patriotic colonist felt, of course, I dignant at such a humiliating and false i presentation of our position. But what was to be the remedy ? " Sydney bled us, who La Trobe held the howl." At length occurred to a friend of mine neither is Curr nor Mr. Fawkner that the absurd! and utter worthlessness of represented in Sydney could not be so strict; exemplified as by the election of Dr Grey, then Secretary for the Colonies, the Beat which was vacant for the City Melbourne. The idea was taken up a acted upon with the utmost zeal and ear, parties of all creeds and shades of police sinking their differences and acting together with a cordiality perfectly unheard of those days, and in the end Earl Grey was turned member for Melbourne by an ov whelming majority, in opposition to Mr. Jo Leslie Foster, notwithstanding that a gentleman was most ably supported by 1 Colin Campbell. And, whatever he may n attempt to say to the contrary, I have hesitation in asserting that this stroke policy was one of the most original e masterly ever practised, and that it is b we were mainly indebted for" the state colonial independence we now enjoy. As Mr. Campbell's cutting on the Land quest! I have only time to ask, What would ghost of the early-dead Observer say were to know that his great editorial " we " J become converted to liberal views on Land question ? i In concluding this letter, already far Jong, I regret that I cannot follow the arms | example set me by Mr. Campbell, and w up with a pseudo compliment, for the of (agent I ever knew that gentleman to post: was that of being able to write more, and press less, on any given subject there i other town in the colony. " I am. Sir. your obedient servant. J. S. JOHNSTON. , Kilda, August 30. 