: LONDON GOSSIP. I (From the Liverpool Albion, February 23.) Another "fortuitous concourse ot acorns. Nemesis hos boen nimble, and Yoh is nyongod* Moura,,Morrison, [of tho pills,] mourn! Howl Holloway, [of tho ointment,] howl. Balm is thoro none at Oldridgo's, and Rowlands' kalydor isa hopeless ronovntor of tho bloom of a com- plexion dilapidated by a tumblo in tho miro at 71\. Quackory is n drug in tho market. Ougliostro hos plnyed his last trick, and tho sainted Privy Scat nffixos that instrument-it is to bb hoped not à ta Hancock-to tho final tostnmontary doposition of his ohiof, setting forth, ns 3uoh documents of suoh witnesses of tho truth do, that honesty is tho bost policy. Tho Oabinot havo boon in council of coursa to- day. Lot us trust tho sitting has not boon so socrot as to havo procludod tho introduction of a photographer by moans of a latoh-koy.. Priceless would bo a reflex of tho virtuous visago of Glanricardo meditating on tho contingent remainder of his first quarter's salary-" the virgin pago, whlto and unwrltton still," of tho Treasury ohequo-book looming In mocking ' purity, on hie mindy eye., What .gems o physiognomical' .rárrity too, for the edification o tho Lavaters of hereafter, anxious to know wha tho " Appendages" wore like, would not bi daguerreotypes of lemon-gloved Vernon -Smith in tho green and .yellow melancholy of " resig nation" ; Wood, with that wonderful air o chronic surprise ho always wears renderec still more amazing by the astonishment o tho occasion ; Lewis,. always lookimg like an owl, and now trying to look like a brace ol ditto ; and Sir G. Groy, with all tho anathemas of exclusive perfection in his vinogarize'd aspect, ?now endeavouring to be ascetic towards thc loavos and fishes, instead pf his fellowrcreaturps. Nor would it be love's/labour lost to gaze upon the effigies of antique Cupid of'tho broken bo w, his final farrow ¡shot, and he 'all of a quiver I himself, if thejremaips pf last night's tumujtur oüs agitation * survivecL"' as \, doubtless was tito case;' for "'the- effects' of so' spasmodic¡itá paroxysm are'hot to be got rid of in a dozen hours, especially when the í nervous irritability of the present is kept up by a. consciousness of incurable humiliation for the 'time 'to corrie.' Palmerston was in a frenzy for! the first time iii his Parliamentary life ;last night, or at least shammed the lunacy so well that it would tako a battalion ' 'of1 mad doctors to ihave traced the diagnosis to a detection :of thé'1 simulation-. And enough . he had to ¡drive ;him:delirious.; The position of Actaeon,wl^ile^being _ ^eyouredj 'by'his own 'dogs was a flea' ' bite "compared to i tho badgering' he: wént through.1 ! '?? Thé moro he ' Ístrffered',-^nd-tho-moreh8-8howed,:it-the fiercer Iwere tho :ygllsj the more unbounded/ the 'light, of the' omm'verbus pack that fell upon him.' Such a scene has never been witnessed in'.this generation/at ail > events«; and probably ¡Barry's' now; houses c will t be: as < old r ai ; West- : minster/'Abbey is rat ;present (beforei¡ they be-l hold such another. When an aloe.tblooms once in a hundred lyoársit is'said1 to iburst into flowen with ; the " report , of ' a >68-poundeïç and when 'a ..Palmerston, once. in ton . 'centuries, 'collapses, be sure he 'goes> downúfis .would the Leviathan at Niagara, with some 'hovel effects m'acoustics.-""-' "-- - ;-" - -: j It was not till a short time'(towards mid- night) before he rose that th© thought pf his sitting down an ' extinct, Minister'' seemed to enter anybody's head as a possibility fbút: ere, five minutes' elapsed that possib ility .became > * probability ; and ero another five were'over .the' probability almost deepened into ' certainty. The enormous majority' of 146 the previous nicht on the India Bill, onlv about ßOboincr; calculated upon, seomed to consolidate his die tatorship beyond reach of design or chance save death itself. If, it was argued» he .is.thus omnipotent where powerful interests ?< are so actively arrayed, where his case is so intrinsi .ally weak, what hope is there on a point pl mero vague' general abstract concernment? and he armed with tho two-edged .sword of cos- mopolitan cant and personal terror, about 'assassination on tho ono hand, and invasion on the other ? The faintest notion pf his defeat seemed as , illusory as. the Urquhartino tableau vivant, or rather mouvant, of the chopper and block on Tower-hill. Still, tho idea was can- vassed by speculative, loungers about the lob- bies, but only just as one would muse on the abolition of ' tho national debt, compression of crinoline, dividend from tho Thames Tunnel, 'or some hallucinating something. bf that sort Occasionally, a verdant visitor from the country .would waylay his town or county member in [tránsito through the passages, and ask if Ministers were sure of a majority ? The sena- tor would look pityingly at the interrogator, as if doubting whether so much simplicity as the question implied was compatible' with sanity. Ministers sure of a .majority?,. Was tho morrow's sun sure of getting up with- out candlelight?' The questioner would venturo to ; ask why. was the result so very much a, matter of course? Tho respondent, if in.a condescendingly informing ¡mood, or anxious to show off to the rural, would reply, for two reasons'-first, because Palmers- ton »V Palmerston, [strong emphasis on , the auxiliary verb,-] and, secondly, because the Op- position had no whip. Grateful for the tidings, but not much illuminated thereby, ,tbe provin- cial' would ' deferentially desire, "to, know the ¡reason' of thc. House being so full and iib, animated? and the response would be that ¡Peel was going to'speàk, and ibero was.sure to; ,be hugo entertainment. .The-mentionof ¡that Tamworth oddity .would perhaps' prompt thé ¡further query, if it weren't strange that Sir Robert, so lately a' Lord of the ^Admiralty, and . sp very' devoted a friend' of tho Premier, who, assisted at his wedding, and mado sb¡ spicy, a bride-cake speech, should have turned against him? , Yes, it was odd, very; but then it was only Peel, and who minded him ?-cracked,' sir, cracked. 'Well, but then, there's Monckton Milnes, ho isn't cracked, is ho?- Worso, sir, worse ; silly ; makes rhymes, jingles, a poet/ ; ass. r This squelches the gentleman in pursuit j : of Parliamentary knowledge under difficulties ; : but perhaps ho is a reader of The Albion, and i knows what's what and who's who ; in which ' ? case he returns to the chargoj'and says "But ; how about Horsman ? He isn't an ;ass, eh ? \ . ;Gave up. JJCOOO a-year; rather donkeyfied that,1 to- bo sure; but proof that there ] i ¡must be something in his turning against \- ¡tho mon .who gave , ,,it him.''.,There-, . upon tho legislator makes the sagacious ¡ \ j remark that there is no accounting for tastes ; i i that it is door there must bo a screw lbbse in , ¡the hoad ,to cause such an aberration in the, f ¡pocket, &o.; ; but as for Ministers, they wore j ¡safólas tho bank, and nothing could disturb í ¡them." : '' '' j ? This, we will:assumo, .tooki placo .towards jnino'o'clock. If, in an hour or so after, the ¡dialoguo happened to bo renawod, it might bp observed that a slight chango had come lover !tho spirit of tho senator's dream.-¡ Ho was in olined to admit that ho did hear somebody or other say it was possible' tho majority wouldn't bo so very large ; but ho know bettor; ho ¡ knew, it would be>a good hundred at least. Just about this time, mayhap, Haytor would be seen hurryingJnto tho library. Bloss us !. has he seen tho ghost of Coppock, and has that perturbed spirit been upbraiding, him with in- discretion?' What MU bo tho matter with the Bight Honorable Goodenough? Observo tho dejected 'haviour of his visage, Uko 0. Kean's tn Hamlet, i Ho puts not tho forefinger of his fat hand to tho side of that most knowing nose of his^noithor lookoth ho sideways, nor at his toos, norovorhis shouldor; but straight a-head, point blank, yea, very blank, and exaitod withal, sighing, it may be, for tho far offiMulgravo, useful though n noodlo, and scowling on his wretched honohman, Brand, who is ovidontly tumbling into a stato of synoopo at thought of tho appalling responsibility that ho carries I Crosar and all his fortuno on his shoulders j for tho noxl fow hours. Tho quiotudo of i tho Opposition freozos tho misorablo Taper I with misgiving! of ho knows not what. > No scouts, no touts, scour the vicinage for the enemy; but this he interprets as a sign of con scious strength, and he shivers in his skin, or rather in his parchment, for his cuticle, is al ready of dried sheep. The easy effrontery a his manners and the jack's around also nffrigh him; and the head of Hayter is that of Medusi in his 3ight, turning his own caput to stone, o: at least petrified wood, which isn't much of i transmogrification after all. But hark to the «beering. Singular sounds Not from Treasury Bench come such perçus sionary plaudits ; there is. heart in them, and that's what Hayter abhors, for it is a bore, and gives trouble, and prevents business being pul upon an understandable footing at once. Again ; louder ; yet'louder still. tWhat cari ii mean? Gladstone is upi and lo, as the bon constrictive, of .phraseology is coiling round his .*' noble friend," the joints of the latter crack1, and members shout their satisfaction at the ar- ticulation. Pause knows he none ; on and still.on piles he high the barbed period, easy and earnest1, beautiful and almost sublime, but never approaching to the other step. He draws near the close, and then makes that solemn appeal, which thrills every hearer, how! that the world of mind has been rolling back upon i its.axis, these teri years past, and what profanity it would bo if England were now, in this su- preme :hour of freedom's ' travail, - to ¡aid .' in ' the . crabward ; work.' A, hurricane jof.'.'.'. hears " ,- sweep ö/ the.vj.area, ' like s tho rushing of the wings.of. the rock, in Sinbad's ¡valley ;of 'diamonds, as - the ; glittering gems of irhetpric'^flM sparkling-; jspeakofc^ a rock, but s¿ rook, a raven, yea , a bat, Bethel, to wit; but his uprising was a signal for the resumption and prolongation of the acclamations poured upon the preceding orator. The ; strangers in. ¡the gallery caught the contagion ; and, regard- less of Sergeant-at-Arms, fines, coal-holes, and ¡all tho rest of it, indulged in vocal gymnastics Isufficient to give the proprietor, of Lbcock's: ¡pulmonary wafers an asthma of alarm at such unadulterated vigour of lung. This exorcitation ¡was indulged in with , impunity, because the members' galleries'were well fiUed with cheer-, irig M. P's, and the interjections of ejaculations! [hy thenon-privileged was easy enough. It was long.before Bethel could begin ;'for that peri jphrasttcal pedant is rio favorite, arid there was; j tho .double . motive, to pain him and please] Gladstone.'. The pertinacity of this proceeding' ¡made'anew person of tho Attorney-General;' and-inBtead-of- drawling out his didactic sen ¡ tenuousness between his teeth, in that detest- able manner which fills all who hear him for the first time with the idea that ho is mimick ing Ronconi's "Englishman " in Fra viavob ho opened his mouth, and talked .like a mai Butto no purpose. Youcan'tfabricateaportemoi naie out of the auricular appendage of the femai ; pig/,' You can't make a reasoning being out of ¡model special pleader. He refines the bead o an argument, and his tale is consequently. caput mortuum. Bethel proved twice too mucl He showed that, the Conspiracy Bill was read beforo any one thought of clutching suspecte conspirators ; and succeeded only in demon stn ting that ho would be twice as clover if onl half as cunning. Disraeli soon «JemoHshe him,.and.rose upon His ruins to irälnite favou with' the House. He, too, stripped to His worl and went at it without disguise. '* Begir ' murderer, ' leave thy damnable faces, an> begin ;" and so he did. How far.his mind wa ¡in the matter, how far his complicity with th i middleaged mountebank of the Tuilieries am j thé patriarchal conjuror of Cambridge Hous may have exercised a mental reservation in thi " honour among thieves" ethics, is best knowi to himself. But, to all appearance, he scemcc to feel that, as ono of tho trio, over the way was tottering, it would be only fa piece 'o Christian charity-begging his pardon.;.-fo: applying a baptismal adjective to his Hebrai« pronoun-to give him the coup - deagrace ¡in thé manner of ; his ' follow' Tyrian ;in the Onuadefs, . who,cried, acçipe hoc, ai ¡he presented, the object of his attentions witl ¡six inches of cold steel in the stomach. He ¡that is the gentleman-who speaks daggers, no jthe one who uses them-delivered a twentj Iminutes' address in his best.serious style;, anc when it.became perfectly clear that he meant tc voteifor the'amendment, and equally clear thc ?reception of his intention by, those about him it was felt thé *'hour had struck," as Kossuth (says, and that the betrayer of Kossuth was 'about to meot his doom. i j Áhd iiowJ did he meet it? Like himself: (defiant as Bothwell, when tho sword of. Balfoui ;óf Burley, ; had transfixed, him :-" believing nothing,.hoping nothing, and fearing nothing.' The Comic .Old Gentleman was decidedly tragic, or at least ¡ melo-dramatic now-Surrey melo-drama, hovering between bathos and burlesque He began ina towering fee- faw fum strain ; but it was palpable, at a glance that the Bottle Holder had coasedto bo. judicious ; was 1 groggy; struck wildly, and drew nb blood. , He: first fell upon Milner ' Gibson, apropos '? of tho chargo '., of, incon ' sistency against himself, and tried to retort with a Billingsgate itt qiwque,- but it was quito n miss, and was felt," and shown to be felt tb bo so ; Gibson, haying given up place, when he : resigned principle ; Palmerston carrying any principlo'to any place, and this not price, but a dozen times over. A growl of derision broke forth all rbùnd-tho first'that had ever mot his eal's. He sprung ns if stung.byitorpedoes, and : glared indignant, not with the sneoring scorn ;of Lord,1 John when'.'Bouverie rind tho round robin ' rebels revolted against the .last : pf".; the ) Whigs» but with the air of a bully. The time ¡for this sort of thing, however, had passed lawny. ' ."jGo» ,make;ypur..bondsmen,' tremblp," ¡seemed tb,bo the'shibbpleth of tho solf- omnnci ! pated serfs, n's , they; laughod at their deposed ¡czar, for it was from tho Liborals chiofly, espe- cially thoso 'below tho gangway, the derisive cachinnation carno. What, Palmerston laughed at I-tho wolf boarded . by the sheop, tho cat bolled by tho rats. Even so. Indescribable grow tho consternation, as the news flew, '.through the building, provoking incredulity nnd stupefaction as though tho Thames had taken firo, and was burning tho struoturo down .with that, which should put the flame out. Earthquakes and volcanoes !-it can't be true, cried all tho .subterranean. officials undor the pile, as they hurried towards tho scone, Bel- lamy's cooks and ten-maids, tho policemen,- tho tologra'ph urchins, 'arid byory created thing on two legs craning to tho common centre, and nsking, " What is it ?" Tho moro ho wont on tho worso ho got, nnd tho worso ho got tho bettor uso did his ( contumacious tormontors m nico pf thoirndvantngo. Again, and agnin ho ropeatod tho chargo of Gibson's foreign predi- lections nt tho oxponso of England and of liberty; nnd rignin and agnin was thoro a roar pf contemptuous scoffing nt tho puerilo slander. Be to moot suoh a. theme, at such a moment, with Groptowitz, the Russian Minister, sean I n¡ngJiim~t¥e while, after listening to hlsjaun j condolence, in tho early part of the evehin over the sacrificed Circassians. ?> On either si« ' of'Oreptowitz Was'the'French and Austrii Ambassadors and suites, each and all knowir no matter what ; but if they only know, as th< do know, why Bomba was able to laugh at tl rubbish about sending the^fleet to-Naples.-ari then making it sheer off again, that knowledj would suffice to deepen their diplomatic wondi that brass isn't considerably dearer than it is i this country, considering the.quantity one ind vidual has monopolised. ... ..> ? But that's neither hero nor there. What' i here is that the uproar went on crescendo,amids a chaotic chorus of oh.;s,; ah's, bali's, uugh's question, groans,' and zoological eructations c all sorts, whieh.Mr.1Recorder Warren no doub considers a practical plagiarism from the famou scene of the same sort in Ten Thousand a Year All tho shams ¡and flams in the house turnei all kinds of colours as tho . iconoclasts perse vered; in the demolition of their so late idol the , peerless " ; j Pam, and whoj liki the-, disenchanted Titania, appeared ti have .found '?? out i that , . .their .¡Bulb Bottom wasn't quite so fascinating a creation a* their'fancy ¡had painted.. Williams of Kan looked as. if Mpuravieff was defiling, before him or rather. Kmety, of , whom the.'.finessing.Feu wick stands ' .considerably more in dread, arie with much bettor ' reason -, while General Codrington kept him in countenance, rueful tc be sure.. In vain the Ministerialists, fugled bj Lord Alfred Paget, and cuckooed;by grooms-in; waiting and waiters on Providence, cheered amain, Mr. Wilson in particular giving tongue as only a mari with a couple of thousand a yeat fallingfrom his mouth can be expected to do. All nouse.'!ThePremierhad "o'erdoneTermagant;' and from the bello win g of, a, bull 'of Bashan, and tho ppsturizings of à gladiator, ' [not the Dying one,] he dwindled down to a lamb-like bleat; ; and most Turvydrop deportment: ProcumUt. humi los might be said, ¡ as . he dropped into his seat, after the.failure, of-his Tipperary - tactics, his . Donnybrook, fair diplomacy ; and nothing rotriained- but ' to register. the .decree that should , expel theoriti que Adam from tho Eden of- Whitehall after half-a-century's tenure of the Paradise:of place. The question. was then put for the Govern ment motion, arid the Pul merstonians whooped aye " as, harrrioniously as could, bo expected from! gentlemen with i the rattle in the. throat. When the turn of the Gibsonites ? came, a broadside, of " n'oeB " went, off that1 caused Speaker Denison to jump in his chair with, all the , alacrity which : the thought of a general election and a possible possessor of his presidential chair may be supposed to inspire. 'fThe ' ayes to the right, tho noes to tho left," he cried ; and off the positives and', negatives proceeded < to poll.' The house was enormously- full ; but many took flight, and fled, fearing the respon- sibility to,the body, politic of calling their souls, their own. Some few kept outside, lingering about the door,'as if afraid of being lë'd into' the temptation of either lobby if they ventured j within the. vestibule, nnd among .thoso waSr-Mr William Jackson. Tho time- glass on- th< ! clerk's table had been turned down, and ;th< I electric bells, set tinkling, summoning tho greai jury of tho nation to, say. sháll.England bo Eng land still-".the inviolate isle of tho brave and free "--or be made an apanage of the imperial Gaul, through-the instrumentality of our own Brummagem Brennus.?, The sand. ran out, ¡and the bells ran down, and the doors banged ito, and the silence of the tomb' reigned whilst ¡¡tho grave work of tbe undertakers went on ata funeral pacé indeed, for it seemed os if it never would como to an end; every minute appearing 'an hour.'' At-last1 the tops of the. returning column'began to;bc; perceptible,' and the main bodies flock in each side of the Speaker's chair, the most intense eagerness to know the result being exhibited by the throng of strangers, illustrious and otherwise, pressing to the focus. Presently, Gibson and, Bright , stepped into tho middle of the House, taking precedence of ;Hayter and Brand. To tho initiated eye half a glance; told ali that this movement implied. Ero the tellers could tell,a word the exultant .shoutiof the majority had proclaimed ¡that, the Exe had retraced its course, ¡that Old. Hats would cover the head ,of the Temples officially no more; and that tho .Caius Gracchus Rowcliffe would never again have to ask Civis Bomanu3 of Tiverton what /Ministry will ho join next, for ho will novorjoin another, though he.may disjoin several..., When ¡tho numbers were proclaimed in the usual form ¡at the table, the choering was reiterated over and over and once more, and still nnother .time, and nnother after that, and then it began .afresh. It wasn't morely tho : majority ; : .that ¡was: much. But there was moro; That ^majority wa3 brought about by Gibson, and, intuitively ¡seeing success, Gibson associated Bright with him. :And thoro stood these two, men triumphant in tho area from which it had been hoped thoy were for ever expelled by arti- fices worthy only of that which they now, stigr matized ana chastised. What n spectacle for Mnnchcstor, with|one of its dumb " ghouls"look ing lugubriously on ;-fit emblem of tho pocket borough of the Minister's, to which Cottonopo- lis had been degradod by its clique of Little Peddlington intriguers - swoltering in mortified Vanity because Bright and Gibson appraised them at their worth. And where was Cobden ? Every one felt he should bo there too. But there was bottor than ho-far bettor. Who? Akroyd, who turned him out' on tho China ¡fraud, and got in as a puffer of its author, nnd yot hns boon obliged to assist in branding him ns author nlso of tho greatest indignity any Englishman had inflicted on England sinoo a . .British sovereign and cabinet woro stipendiary tools of n foroign sovereign. The Unadorned ¡well knows that Akroyd's testimony to this fact i is worth n thousand Cobden's in such a casa, ¡though in any other it would tako a thousand . Akroyds, to make half a Cobden. , . ¡ , Tho supromo bitterness in the Premier's cup is that lt should havo boon presented by Bright, ¡whom, of all mon, ho most abominates; for hp. alono has pronounced him to bo what last night's votó affirms ; ho said th nt ho was to tho upper . nnd middle classes what Foargus O'Connor was to tlie lower, nnd tho very reverso in every re- spect of what ho had succeeded in., palming himself off ns. Bright had not spoken in tho dpbato, nnd so fur tho Minister escaped what nona but Bright could ndministor. But td have boen teller makes up for tho taciturnity with torrlblo intorost, nnd tho occurrence must Eut somo singular cogitations in tho hoad of tho ishop-maktng disbeliever in original sin. Thoro may bo further griof in storo for our Mnn of God, trying him in tho furnnco of tribulation. Whoro;vls ho to sit in tho houso honoefortb, ;lint 'is,'nfter'hb hns rosigriod, if ho resign if I .Will it be beside Lord John?: on a jack bench ? Will it bo on tbe front row , of tho. Opposition ? Whioh is or is to be "the ~01>pö»Uiön? "Who' is- to ba Hf Will Derby »nd th> Peelites join at las!» and -four-and-twcnty Cabinet Ministère ali in a'row bo garotted at once ? Less won't do. ' AU Will want to have seals of some sort, abd even t¿# Privy Seal will not bo despised, after it shall be electro-plated,, of course, considering in whoso keeping it has been. Bulwer will be in . tho Cabinet, Cardwell in the Cabinet, Stanley in tho Cabinet, everybody in the Cabinet. But there is ono potential functionary whose place all these put together can't supply, and« without whom the places of the others won't be worth a week's purchase r a whip.' Beresford'is loBt ; worse, gono over to the enemy, or at least'turned against his former friends, among whom'he declaresthát not one " good and safo man-is'to bo found. Minornindeed are all besides the Major; and far easier would it'be to improvise'a First Lord of the. Treasury than a 'judicious patronage secretary, competent to : pake things pleasant to his masters' friends > without compromising the said masters; as : did?< poor Augustus Staf- ford, as Naval Secretary, who will now bo much missed. To judge by countenances last night, the real- happy man was Sir J. Graham, who ?'.'.grinned horribly a ghastly smile," but whether at Palmerston's upset;'or the rout of the India Billi or. sympathywith Yeh,>or the' squashing of reform; it is * impossible to say. Perhaps it was at though ti of Wood and " having- been J rdining vat' tho Palace ' with thc Queen, ¡and \ doubtless ' making all sorta of ar- rangements [for furthor tfe9tivious junkettings, the which Avili never!come off. ' 