A PROTESTANT PROTEST AGAINS. SOUPERISM. ' TO TIIE PROTESTANTS OP ENGLAND. '??- ' Fellow-Protestants — The fruitless and abortive attempts made bv the Irish Church Missionary Society to proselytise, the Roman Catholics of this country, and the baneful effects th.it arise from the disgraceful manner in which this use less attempt is being carried on, as may be seen by tbo columns of the Kilkenny Journal, !the liberal organ of this city, demand your serious and deliberate consideration. The preservation of our Protestant creed nnd the landmarks of our faith ought to be protected' '^n'' by, and entrusted into, hands more worthy v!' ' than the unordained missionaries of the Irish Church Missions Society. The Christian re ligion rests upon belief in the Incarnation of pur Redeemer, as its first and principal mystery. In the Apostles* Creed we declare ' that 'we believe in God, and in His only Son, Our Lord, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost, and born of the Virgin Mary.' This is the Protestant faith. The Roman Catholic holds the same to be true, believing in the Incarnation of Our Saviour, and that He was born of n pure Virgin. The paid unordained Irish street missionaries take upon themselves to denounce this acknow ledged truth to be a falsehood, and thus they belie our Protestant faith, and apply epithets to the Mother of man's Redeemer unfit for publica tion, and too horrible for the pen to trace. These shocking facts are of daily occurrence in the streets and outlets of our city, nnd for the direct purpose of insulting our Christian Roman Catholic brethren. Against such outrages as these (trampling under font both decency and Christianity) we appealed to our Protestant Bishop of Ossory, but in vain. We have now appealed t- the repre sentative of our Queen (the head of the Protest ant Church), the Viceroy of Ireland, and we wait with anxiety the result. If the Irish Church Missionary Society have succeeded for a while in bribing a few of the poor and starving Irish Roman Catholics, it reminds me of Shakspeare's Apothecary, who filled his windows with empty boxes to make up a miserable 5/2010. Had they fed and clothed these poor people, they would have done a praise worthy act of charity, and saved them from de moralisation, in the first instance, and from un christianity in the second. England requires ordained missionaries more than we do. In your country, there is a field, wide, long, and deep enough to give ample scope to your liberal donations. In your country, beneath the surface of the oarth, down an hun dred fathoms deep — miles from the shaft that gives ventilation to the miner — dwell in recesses, scooped out of the seams and arteries of the coalpit, thousands of human beings shut from the voice of God and religion, in a state of semi nudity, male and female promiscuously huddled together. Within these pestiferous caverns, wherein is engendered the stythe or choke damp, the sound of Christ's holy name is never heard in- prayer ; an impious imprecation sometimes tells that such a word exists, and, when used, it is understood as a name of some large coal proprietor, the locality of whose coal-pits is unknown ! Here we find man degraded to *hu level of the brute, crawling on his hands and knees, har nessed like a dog, dragging along the ponderous train, packed to the very top, with the miners' and pickers' labour. Here sits hour after hour, in solitude and darkness, the fragile and decaying female, with no sound to break the awful still ness that surrounds her, save the noise of the coming train, to warn her to open the trap of the driving brattice, to admit a fresh current to pass through her sulphuric dungeon, or to shut tho withdrawing brattice, to give room to a new rush through the drivings. No unordained missionary of the Irish Church Missionary Society, to soften the misery and desolation that reign around, is to be found here ; no tabernacle is raised or bible read athid the wretched hovels which contain the haggard and forlorn denizens of these regions. The paneless windows, the strivvened walls,' tlio tileless roofs, proclaim the misery that holds its throne without, while the darkness of supersti tion, the absence of all spiritual instruction, and the total ignorance of a God, usurps within its iron grasp the eternal welfare of these unhappy creatures. This is a picture to be seen every day in your native land. Now look on this : through the whole of Ir--r land the children of the Roman Catholics, rich and poor, as soon as they are capable of speaking distinctly, are taught to reverence the name of God ; they aro taught the prayers and learn the catechism of their Church previously to Confir mation j they are strictly examined by the Clergy of their respective parishes, as to their knowledge of the tenets and doctrines of their religion. Tho children of the poor, who are unable to send them : to school, are orally instructed by their Clergy, and this instruction'is not left solely even to their parents. The Roman Catholic Clergyman, fear ful of .entrusting into other hands the eternal ? salvation of his Ilock, performs this duty himself, thus following in the steps of his Divine Master. And what are the results of all this care and instruction? Crime daily decreases; the calendars of our assises vouch for this fact; the chastity of our women is proverbial and acknowledged nil over the world ; our men are loyal and true to their Queen, and attached and obedient to their Pastors. '? ? This is a true picture of my country, nnd pleasant to contemplate. There is not a fenturo in the tableau that is not gilded with a Claude Lorraine sunny tint of national perfection and' exalted Christianity. Do ft people like this require 'the moral m' assistance and interference of tho Irish Church street-walking missionary ?' Aro they paid to degrade the Protestant and insult the Roman Catholic? Aro they employed to involve the basis of tho Redeemer's revelation in a chaos of immortality, uncertainty, and unbelief ? Even in unhappy limes, tho Protestants of old wero a rape of simple, honest, and well-minded men, chari table and just — ihey followed the examples of their fathers, -and revered and esteemed their Roman Catholic neighbours, anil, above all, they permitted all men to worship their Gud in peace, and tranquillity, according to the dictates of their consciences. Ponder well, my fellow-English Protestants, on this my letter to you — weigh well its truths, give credence to its facts, and rescue us, Irish Protestants, from the ruin which threatens our religion, and save us from the disgrace of wan tonly insulting the unoffending Human Catholic. Withhold your subscription from such u class of men, who attempt to shed a pernicious in fluence over a Christian land, and leave us to live in pence and charity with our neighbours at home. Do this, and all the Irish people of every class, and of every creed, and of every sex, will respect you. — I remain, dear Protestant brethren, your very humble and sincere, Georee Helshm, High Sheriff for the County of the City ofKilkennyfLL.D.,M.R.LA., A Protestant of Old. Afril23ra,1858. 