WET SHOULD THE TJPPEB¿HOUSB BB BLBOTIVBî ^ " " Ib the Editor of the Svdn^^Xorninff atraía. SiB,-Although the'resolution moved DJ-m« ponncai luminary, Mr. Psrkes, re-afflrmtag the dutum of the «.M^a^iJiiw« Assembly as to the constitution of our ^ä^J^S^i»«^ «»y th« »pproyal «jf thiLower kouse on Tuesday Iwt, when the amend ment of Mr. Piddington was there adopted ; I am one of those infatuated beings who are unable to sppneUto the Pïeolse grounds upon which it is so deliberately assumed thst any such an organic ohange as that then «mtemplsted is at all desirable or necessary : «id teeing that the question is still undecided snd of vital importance, I trust you will not refuse to allow me to say a few words in your columns upon this momentous subject,-one in which a petitto SincipH - a barefaced begging of the question not, is I should hope, to be substituted for oalm and dispassionate argument. I take, Sir, the unpopular side of this matter, and deolare that I do so without apprehension or reservation of any kind,-not having the fear of the hustings before my eyes, where so many expect ero long to encounter again that not very «weet breath which is proverbially fallacious, snd which most be, beforehand, courted and propitiated at unV price. In the conclusion I have arrived at (in which I am in a goodly company, and have the satis- faction of knowing I nm disinterested) I confess mvself to bate been much strengthened from observing how little conld be said or insinuated per contra, by the collective wisdom of the Lower House during the debate alluded to. It was throughout cheerfully and dogmatically taken for granted that the present non- elective Upper House wss a thing utterly inde- fensible-an anomaly and a failure-not, it is to be hoped, with a view unfsirly to influence the other branch of the Legislature in their approaching debate nponthe Electoral Bill, but principally, no doubt, because the acts and general example of the House agitnst which the discussion was insidiously aimed, are an irksome check and a constant reproach to that {rea and easy style of debste and legislation with which" we are of late becoming very disagreeably familiar. Such scenes, moreover, of petulance and recrimination, which are caviare to the million- racy as they make the reports of our Assembly in the newspapers at the breakfast table-are matters, never- theless, " more honoured in the breach than in the observance," and remind some of us of the rows in the old York- street bear-gsrden years ago. Gentlemen of the Upper non-elective House do not, I am happy to say, exchange such language as would infallibly bring on fisty-enffs, or something still more serious, in the street,-and the worthv old Major would, doubt- less, stare if called upon to discharge that constabulary duty whioh occasionally dovolves upon a certain corre- spondent functionary in another place. Animation there is in their debates, as there ought to be-and even warmth at times; but the. non-électives never forget to behave themselves like gentlemen. Judging from the contrast offered to such conduct in another quarter, this invidious peculiarity may possibly be one of the things which it is proposed to rectify, even at the cost of placing on the benches of the Sister Hall a very'different class of men. The Legislative As- sembly does not dare to ventilate the mon trous proposition that, following the example of the English House of Gommons in the 17th century, it ought to be allowed to swallow up like an, ogre the other two branches of the Legislature. Thst would be going perhaps too far ; such an open expression of opinion might, as Mr. Squeer's observed to his worthy helpmate, be injudicious. Public jealousy would then inevitably be directed to the very dubious motives of that grand experiment, and the conséquence would be that the House, like another of Dickens' characters, would be " crushed" in its own insignificance. A little judicious mining and sapping, therefore, appears to be more prudent and advisable ; and lo ! forth comes this miserable half and half compromise-like the pale ghost of abad thought " the Upper House shall be allowed to live, bat on the sole condition that it shall be elective." This is Solifical Jesuitism in the first degree-a shuffling, ¡.ingenuous whiggery, that is altogether unworthy of the matter. It is sensibly felt that an elective Upper . House in this colony will not, and never can, be any- thing but a disgraceful and preposterous nullity " the degraded reflex," as it was well designated, of the real representatives of the people; "of inferior material, inferior utility, and inferior powers." That ii the sort of Upper House with whioh the Assembly ii inclined to favour us. Obviously, therefore, since the existence of such an absurdity is out of the' ques- tion, the choice is substantially and positively between the present Upper House or none, as* Mr. Forster in his very sole speech most incontestably proved. That gentleman has, at least, had the manliness not to shirk the question. His speeoh fearlessly and unflinch- ingly laid bare "the whole subject, and is well worthy of the entire attention of the community. Frankly, however, as he grappled with the opposing theory, he wholly failed to show that it was in any way desirable-¿that it would not in fact be an awful risk-to entrust the House of Representatives with more power than they so well know how to misapply altesdy; especially when candid intelligent members are unable to see how much the action of furious party feeling in the Lower House has contributed towards making the results of representative institutions " not such as we can take a pride in." Honorable members in a single House of Legislature, in their struggles for power and office, would emulously outbid each other in support of radical and revolu- tionary changes, until hurried away into all the evils of a democracy of the very worst description -and mob Government as we read in the old Greek post, long before we had the pleasure of listening to the éloquence of a Piddington-is not a good thing. The illustrations, by the bye, with whioh that hon. member enriched his argument were anything but felicitous, since it wss the mismanagement not of a «ingle chamber, but of two legislative bodies of an elective character, which " gave hirth to the despotism of Napoleon the Great"-the Council of Five Hun- dred, and the Council of Ancients-the latter of which, the Senator Upper Elective House, received its coup de pact on the 18th Brumaire (9th October. 1799). The proposed Upper House in this colony will, if elective, tramthe very natureof its composition, andirom the very hour of its convention, devote itself to an unceasing struggle with the other chamber, wasting all its time and energy in attempting to secure for itself an equal share in those privileges whioh the elder elective hosie ought exclusively to occupy. And it is natural that such should be the result, for this anomalous de mocratico-eleotive senate will of right be as much en- titled to consider itself a House of Representatives as the other. One advantage derivable will certainly be that the quarrelsome propensities of some individuals in the Lower House will find a less objectionable field of development-instead of tirades across the table we shall doubtless be favoured with philippics against thepresumptuoUs rival. But it is not pretended that any esse has been made out against the non-elective House ; on the contrary, we are told by one gentle nun-what cannot be denied-that the present mem- bers are for the moat part " gentlemen of great intellect, high character, and many excellent qualities." , Another member does them justice in equally high terms, and yet, forsooth, as a branch of the Legislature, this non-elective House is * failure. The retort of tu fugue is rather a rude sort of reply to this, rather in the Assembly style, but its use is here irresistible. What has the Upper House failed in ? Did its mem- bers'colleotivel y fail as n put of the Legislature when they prepared that most excellent bill for the regulation of Common Lodging Houses, for the remedy of such intolerable nuisances, and moral snd social evils as scarcely admit of being here described ? Those who have taken the pains to make themselves masters of that proposed enactment most positively declare that a more excellent and carefully considered piece of legislation was never yet pre- pared, and yet the model legislators of another place barked it instantly withont the smallest hesitation, snd perhaps not without some questionable motive. Again, is not the calm and moderate conduct of the Upper House on the Chinese Immigration question a matter deserving of some particular commendation ? They do not hastily concur in on exclu- sive policy emanating like a Btrange monster from the skilful fusion of various elements, nor, on the other hand, do they rush into the extreme of an intemperate rejection of the bill, and refuse to JegiBlste where legislation is required. No j the matter u quietly referred by them to a select committee, and nom the returns, celled for from time to time in refe- rence hereto, it is essy to Bee that this committee is busily occupied with a patient investigation of this *ery important question, on which, no doubt, some would be content to legislate in utter darkness. The Upper House a failure i Let those who say so tom to the debates of the body thus unfairly attacked for the last month, upon subjects of general inte- rest and of vital importance to ' the colony, tod then let it be said whether this is not sa untrue' and impotent conclusion. Let the nublic , neal to mind the valuable debate which lately took place in the non-elective house, upon the proposal for the amendment of the law in this colony bv the intro í?vn of tne En8liih Grand Jury system^ or to that which still more recently occupied the same House on the release of Thomas Fox, when the Important ques- tion as to the prerogative of pardon received so lumi- nous an exposition, and so elaborate a'discussion ; and having done this, and still nore closely examined the prsoticsl operation of this House «s at present consti- tuted, let it be frankly stated whether the present upper Honse is not a thoroughly efficient branch of the Legislature. If there ia any obstrue-, tion, it is oertainly not on the side or the Upper House. It is rather to be sought and f lund with those who reject a measure like the Common Lodging Houses Bill, and who neutralize and destroy the good effeot of such an ensetment as the Deserted Wives and Children Amendment Aot, which came out of the ayenger's hands so mangled and tom that it does not even read, and is thereby a disgrace to the statute book. Not only was the purpose of that Act perversely nullified by the severe handling it under- went, but it waa actually returned to its originators in such a state that the old seventh clause (as numbered by the Council), now the eighth, continues j to refer to one which has been ruthlessly lopped off by the sacrificial knife of the Lower House. Possibly some of onr 8o1ons were engaged in the settlement of a little " difficulty" of some kind when this blonder, for which they are solely responsible, escaped their ob- servation. I could adduce other examples and argu- ments, and may perhaps again recur to this subject, but for the present I will only deprecate the thought- less arrogsnee and aggressive ambition of any dis- orderly crew who, engaged in a fierce struggle for the captaincy, are well contended to allow their own good ship, whioh should, nnder every oircumstanoe, be the first object of their solicitude, drift heavily and help- lessly urjon the sands. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ALÏQTJI8. Sydney, 24th August. 