HUNTING, INTELLIGENCE. ::.-.: BKEX.MOTUU1VK IUJX'JC.BSOIWCS. !-.,.-,,? , Altliougli to follow tho 'cheery kouiids'\oyor any sort of country, and aftur any legitimate . quarry, 18 ri, gladeomo Bport for all imbuod with a Uato for field pasr times, yot thero 13 a far groator onjoyabilitv; in trdvors ing tho wild bush in soaroh of gamb thati in merely turning, out tho moat .straight running of f'bagmon.' In , tho latter oaas, it ? is . only thoab who orb luckily .mpuntpd on regular Btoopleohase-goors that pin livo with so fast, n pack as;that of tlio M.fl.C, for' tho drag is nocoasariy so awong tliat tlio nnco ia abaolnte raoiug' rrpm.ond.to ond ;' nor. can any ,but .'^firat-uiRlit men' .bo.expootcd^to dash rookloaslyat tho atilTtimbor fonoes so numoroua around Melbourne Consequently, but a ?small por contago of- tho.'cavaliera who aBaoinblo at tho advortised meot aro ;t6 be aeon at tho finish, and a cor rect cataloguo of tho baullcs,: pnll-npa, c.-aniug?, apills, and bo forth, which occur: at tho firat rasper, wotitd bo iw amusing to thb: reader '; 03'. annoying to tho actor. Icigh country, whoro kangnroos -and. dingoes aro fairly diatnrbod from thoir lair, thon hunting beoomoa aetho Yankees say 'anotherigiicBB.Eort of things' What man who has tlio soul of :a- sportaraan can holp foaling liiuaolfolovated to. 'tho fifth hoavon ',0s, on one of tho lovely mornings of an, Australian winter, with a jcom-. paiiy, Pf , thorough good^followa, and a '.oholco ilpt of: ]ounda,.ho ontora tho dewy bush in Boaroh of a bpund ingiV.foroatcr!! or. swift warrigal? As tho rod-ooated,: neatly-oquippod, and woU-mountod cavalcade -jog along, ;o tho first covor,' the woods, hilla, and gullios re-echo to their, merry . halloo,: son?, aud j-at, for tho stern otiquetto of a British hunting-field ianot neceaaary in a. oouutry whore game, is fonnd in ita nativb wilda. j Wo do not go ill search of half-tamb Norwegian foxcp, whoro cunning sense of hearing catches tho distant tone of' a human or canino, voice, aud who then Bteal away t^ tho nearest unstopped earth ; or, if found at homoby diut of oaroful ponorabihip, can only last for: a twbnty minutcs' burst I No ; our fene ?? natura aro ? fairly dis turbed in the haunta favour6d from their birth, and a two. or tliroohouni'coutoBt: of . Bpeod,. endurance, aiid skill alono docidoa tho ehaso. Tlio intolligonco of tho '.' apotted boautiea' ;in picking up a half-dead econt, following it on and on, making nnassi9tod casts, obeying the hiuta of their obsorvant huntsman, and. Blinking to thoir original quarry, iawoll worthy of nttcnliou; and, to a tborough Niinrod, this is a moro delightful part of. tho sport than tho mere oxeroiso.of a gallop,'or tub bx-: citotnent of braving post aud rails. - -? - ? ' ,'.'. 1 On Saturday lost was- the first country tryet of tho season, tho *' Oholtonham' Hot'ol;' tho old heal-qnarto'i-B of tho M.H.C. beiiigtho adverthed Bpot of gathering. Formorly.it waa theUnstsm- to go down overnight, havo li ehoorfnl dinnor and pleasant eyoning'a compa nionship, and1 then turn out after an early broakfaat, the horaes boing frosh from their stabloa; and thus fit'for a hard day for it.- ^During1 tho stimmbr, howevor, p'aib of the stabling has been pullod down; and tho accommot r1n4inn'an r/f#l,,mi#1 t.tinf. f.liA ni.,1^ n.Wnnt rVnttiillil tr /.Anf.int.n thoir patronago unloa3 tho proprietor of- 'the ' hbuao conaidor it worth hia; whilo to Bobu'rb-'it'by builling another rnngo of good stills.' Snchyaluablo'liolses aa aro owned iutho M.H.C. cannot ljo submitted to, tho mercies of a bush' atablo,' after coining from their comfortablo lo'oso box«s. ' In ' comequonco of ? this alteration being known to. tho inastor, he nmilo thofixturo tit half-past sovcri,'BO as to allow timo for his friends to rido out from town, tho pack and . his own horses boiiig, of courso, brought down on tho previous ovoning, as well a? tlioso of two other thorough auppMtora: of tlio: hunt, i Tho muster, as might havo been cxpectod, was but small, though of 'tlio right sort,' nnd theso Eat down .to nn excellent breakfaat; proyidod' by.Host flayson, shortly beforo bight o'clook. No dallying timo wan allowed for slow ' feeders, tha last monthfuls haviug to bo bolted ' regard loss of consequonceii,' 03 tho horn of Mr. Watson soiindod thb noto of starting.' Tho 'morning waa clear rind bright,', and tho sun already so btroug that the niastor feared tho scont would bo prboorious, aa tho ro Bults of tho day proved.' With aa nraih haste as was prudent, hbhnrriod forward to tho favourito kangaroo ' ground, and the hounds woro quickly thrown into cover. After somo tedious chopping about, a trail was picked up, and s'.owly followod ; but it was along timo boforo the ijask could boIUo to it with any certainty.' At last, a univorsal cr.inh of melody announcod that thoy had disoovbrod a epot where tho long-logged !nri hadreoontly re'clinol, nnd tho paco bocamo immediately good. How ever, tho ground was so dry,, and the raya of bid Sol ho Btrong, thatit soon changed to moat nnaatiafactpry quiet Roing; though tho way ill which tho ' darlings'' did their tedious work affordod some alloviation for tho pent np.fooliiiga of tho oagor. horsemen. Aftor a'conplo of hours of this rathor dodging work, and just a better acquaintanco.-with tho fugitive' soomod likoly, ft dingo crossed tlio lino, and tho younger hounds dashed off in pursuit. Tlio eldor ones wore whippod off, and laid .ou tho varmint,' as, aoon as ])osaiblo,: and a fair run ersucd : but tho day boiug more lit for criokbt than hunting, all tho skill and pationco of tho master could not soonrc a .kill. There wa3 Borne, tolerablo, foncinjr, and a good dis play of horsemanship, thb gallant Indian pfiloor parti cularly distinguishing himsolf in this, bis first real field day. The whip's nag foil down an old well, 'only leaving ;Wb tatt yiaiblorryot, Btranzo,, to. say^no harm was dono to horao cruder. , , ; . ' ' -??.', Tho moot on Thursday' was anothor treat for thoso who rollick in tho delights of a bush find, and the tho chancoa rosnlting of a rough gallop and occasional B'ill fencinc;. Tho call wjs mado for Oakloigh, at nino o'clock, and, pretty puuctuU to timo, a seloct fiold of tho regular '? bruisers' aasomblodat tho Oakloigh Inn: not no punctual, however, did thoy arrive as tho master, who is eover bohind, and who would impreas on, his comrades tho necessity of following his example. ' Two' or, throo strangers , put, in an ajipoaranco, and amongst thorn tho Ghost was gratifiod to no'.ico that a roprcaontativo of tho 40th at lust joined iu tho noblo sport, and rode liko a hero, considering it was hia firat turn-out. It is to bo liopod that many of tho garrison oflloers will in future Bhowai tlio covert side, rn tho complimonthaabcoii paid of olcctiug them honorary mombers of tho Hunt Club. Hia Excellency nnd aide-de-camp, had intondod to tako part in this day's chevy, but unoxpootod ofHcial busi sinots obliged him to postpone, tub honour ho had pur posed to confer ou: tho AliH.C. , ' ' ' Tho Jiangaroo: Grbnnd is about fivo miles from tho townBhip, and thither a merry party trotted at tlio mastor's command. It was two hours aftor tho hounds woro thrown into cover boforo wo had tho luek of a find, and tho spirits of man and horao were juat begin ning to flag, whon a fino doe broko away at vioiv. Aftor running a Buccossioit of widorings round King'j, No Damjior, and crossing fcvoral small farms, aud com for table fences, tho loading bounds ran into tlieir quarry in good atylo, tbo distanco eovcrod bciog about n dozen miles. , ? ??- -' ''-. ? ''? .''? :- ' ?' ? ? ? ' .' The proas of English nnws prevents duo justice being givon to thb account of tho day's fun. ;? .;?'-?; ' , NIMKOD'S GHOST. 