fficltraj|B font 'Smh CONVIVIAL SONG. [To be SuDg Slonehlr* and with expression.! How doth the dizzy Disraeli Improve the dining boor, And draw the longbow fearlessly . To show his elbow's power. How neatly he prepares the Sell, How deiUy cooks the facts! And for what others have done well, Himself the credit takes. What perils with what art and skill* He *s pulled the country through What wonders will his India Bill, If we believe him, do! So with the farmer- he makes hay Ere yet his sun be past; For though e'en Dizzies have their day, Not long that day can last. WANTED A TAME ADMIRAL. Lord Lyons, it is stated, is about to be recalled from the Mediterranean command. No wonder. Judging from the aspect of Lord Malmesbury's negotiations with King Bomba. British Lions are about the last animals that should be employed in the Mediterranean, just at present. THE MUTE AND MEDICAL INTEREST. We understand that a petition, very numerously signed, is about to be presented to Pari ament, praying that, in any Medical Bill which may receive the sanction of the Legislature, no restriction 6hall be placed on the practice of advertising quacks or the sale of patent medicines. The petitioners are the under takers of the United Kingdom. A LIGHT AIRY CONUNDBFM FOB SUMMER WEAR. "When does & dress become a fruit-tree ?-"When it has G ros-de-Na iles (growed-au-apple). - f The compositor who put this conundrum in type haff had his head tbaved, and wears a straw wig-ED ] A DIFFICULT TASK. A Committee of French composers has been ap pointed (a* we learn from the Moniteur) to remove the inconvenience from the difference of musical diapasons indifferent schools and nations, by establishing in France a uniform musical pitch. 11 Considering the present state of that country, we should think it very difficult indeed for any commis sion to get it up to concert pitch. The last toner has obviously been too free with the screw. THE DOWNFALL OF CRINOLINE. There is hope yet It's a long Petticoat-lane that has no turning! FARLIAMENTABY INTELLIGENCE. Wn suppose that Baren Rothschild can now be called a member of the House of Commons de Jew re as well as de facto, ENCOURAGEMENT OF PESTIUENCE. The battle is as to who shall pay for the purification of the Thames. The country objects, and we are afraid that some fine pestilential morning Father Thames will make a forcible appeal to the feelings of Englishmen, and throw himself regularly upon the country In the shape of Cholera. It is said " that the se»rageof the Thames is a sure, safe, and tid(e)y for tune, but apparently no one likes to draw upon its banks. In the meantime, the miasma continues. The Pestilence may knock, with its plague-cart, at our doors to-morrow, and demand a heavy pole-tax of every living person. It will be toe late, then, to stand higgling-haggling about the exact rate of payment per head of this pestilential tar. When the evil is at our thresholds, we shall regret doubtlessly that we allowed the accumulation of filth at the bottom of the river to be the only settle ment of this question. In the meantime, so loug as this pernicious equable continues, Vive le Cholera! Our only fear is, that its creed will not altogether be * Live, and let live." COMMITTEE ON THE THAMES. This select body of investigators assembled yester day to enquire into the unpleasant state of the River Thames. Mr. Brown was in the chair, having in his hand a bottle of eau de cologner which he held to his nose dnring the greater part of the enquiry. On the table, in front of each committee-man, was placed a basin full of solution of chloride of lime. Mr. Crucible was the first witness called. He had been a chemist for some years. A laboratory offered various opportunities of experiencing odours. Some of those were nasty-at least would be generally con sidered so. Should say the smell of the Thames was nastier than most of them. Nasty smells were occa sioned by gaseous or volatile substances, which produced disagreeable impressions on the olfactory nervea. By Alderman Boakes. There was a substance called cacodyle. Cacodyle was so called from, its bad odour. He had never found it in the Thames. , By Lord Muggins. Cacodyle was & compound of carbon, hydrogen, and metallic arsenic It stank enough to poison auybody. So did the Thames. Cacodyle is a liquid; it took fire on exposure to the air. The Thames was incombustible itself; but he could 6et some of the sewer-gases on fire. Mr. Meter was then called. He was surveyor and engineer to the Economical Gas Company. Gas was combustible. Gas issuing from Bewers might be burnt as well as gas issuing from pipes. Explosions of gas sometimes occurred in a sewer. Had not considered the question whether the combustion of the sewer-gases could be rendered a source of artificial light. By Mr. Puddinghead. If the gases of the sewers could be applied to the purpose of illumination to any considerable extent, the interests of the Gas Com panies might seriously suffer. P*ofessor Blowpipe examined. Was Professor of Chemistry in the University of Smithfield. Did not think the sewer-gases would do to light the street with. All gas was not inflammable. Carbonic acid gas was not. It would put out fire; sulphuretted hydrogen was inflammable. Both sulphuretted hydrogen and carbonic acid gases were contained in sewers. The latter would interfere with the combustibility of the former. It was also contained in sodawater. By Mr. Wiseacre, Thought it would not be very easy to separate the carbonic acid gas from the other gases in the sewers, and utilize it in the manufacture of sodawater. By Mr. Solon. If the sulphuretted hydrogen could be obtained pure it would be of no use, as it burnt with merely a pale blue flame. By Sir Simon Sage. Carbonic acid gas could not be condensed into a solid Iu that form it would not be available for manure. It would evaporate too fast. Ammonia was a powerful fertilizing agsnt. It was a volatile substance, and was iu fact, the essence of sal volatile. Ammonia was emitted from the Thames The exhalations of the Thames did not smell like sal volatile. By Mr. J. Jessamy. Perfumes for the toilet were composed out of materials of unpleasant odour-the refuse gas-works for instance. Was not at present pre pared to say that sewage could be converted into otto of Andrew White, M.D., was next examined. The ex halations from the Thames were exceedingly prejudi cial to health. Had known them to produce giddiness, iia j sea, sickness, fainting, typhus fever, and Asiatic cholera. Peter Black, M.D., F.R.S., was then examined. As far as his experience was concerned, persons employed on the Thames were more healthy than ordinary labourers. Mr. Sump w»s the next witness called. He was of opinion that the deodorization of sewers would be effec tual. It would deprive them of smell. It would also render them innocuous. Their contents C3uld be safely collected iu su table reservoirs, and beneficially em ployed in agriculture; thus converted into food. Mr. Pump then gave evidence. Sewage could not be collected in any kind of reservoir without injury to the health of the neighbourhood. As a manure it would, when deodorized, be perfectly useless. Deodori zation would not destroy it* noxious properties, but only deprive people of the warning afforded by its un pleasantn' ss. By Mr. Muller. Thames mud was a sabstance of a semi-fluid consistence. In a state of rest it was de cidedly offensive; aud the more you stirred it the more offensive it became. Any one un cautiously taking steps to remove it might make bad worse by putting his foot in it. By Mr. Muff. The state of the Thames had not affected the swans. It probably would not be very in jurious to ducks. The mud did not possess properties sufficiently nutritious to warrant the expectation that : any number of ducks would eat it up. Here the atmosphere of the room became intolerable and the Committee adjourned. NO MORE MODISTES. Wc believe there are no more Modistes. The dresses they now put on the backs of ladies are not only sadly disfiguring to them, but also wofully incon venient to the gentlemen. In fair justice, they shoald be called Incommodistes, SERIOUS REMARK BY A ROGUE. A sanctified thief, hearing of the proposed Bill for : the greatly required improvement of the law in crimi nal cases, made a grimace, aad said, ** It will increase our trials?" A TOAST FOB YOUNG AMERICA. " Here's to the Flag of Stars and Stripes, and may it dash its stars if it doesn't soon outs tripe the entire world. THE PBEMIEESHIP. The Earl of Shrewsbury and Talbot has been graciously pleased to accept the resignation of the Earl of Derby as the Premier Earl of England. PARLIAMENTARY" ECONOITT. It does not always follow that supply should corres pond to demand. THE DAWN OF ART. When it was illuminated by the first R.A. A HINT TO FRANCE. Dr. Brown Slquard, in one of his recent lectures on the physiology of the nervous system, at the Royal College of Surgeons, announced that he had discovered a point in the brain, the size of a pin's head, the least touch on which produces instant death, though the parts lying Immediately about it may be cut and carved without injury to the subject of the experiment. This lethal point, in tbe language of cerebral anatomy, is " the aptx of the eilamnus scriptorius," or, in plain English, '"the point of the writer's pen.'* Dr. Sdq uard's law seems to hold true of national as of individual life. Louis Napoleon by pressing on this vital point has completely paralysed the French nation. THE PEAS FOB MRS. CADDY. Of all the peas I ever eat-and hope to do afore I die If, please tbe pigs, I'll have a treat-give me the Mar rowfats, says 12 Ah! that's the sort of peas for me, as big amost as bullis plums, As soft and sweet as they can he, and arter all the rest they comes. July aud August is about the season when they peas comes in. And by the time as they goes out some bilins has filled out ray skin. Along with ducks they are so nice, or with a little bit of lamb, And if you'll go by my advice, you'll also try the same with ham. Up there in Londou no such thing? as Marowfats yon never sees; To table people only brings the different early sorts of peas. Afore they're fit to eat indeed, for which I wouldn't give a fig. To think on what some persons feed as isn't fit to feed a pig? In peas as early-ay-as May them hypocures in town delights, And precious prices too they pay far pamperin of their happytights. A guinea a quart as I've been told-and which I *aii a wicked sin, As you may say, 'tis eatin gold, and yet what Isn't worth a pin. There aint no flaviour, not a bit, in peas that's forced like them in spring. But Marrowfats for taste is fit to set before a queen or king. Ah, drat your fine fandango folks that lives in that ex pensif style, A body's passion it provokes, quite like a stirring un the bile. All things in season-that's my role; and to their liking every oue, And if you choose to be a fool, why then your own way you may mn. Bat if so be as you are wise, as I suppose you for to be. You 11 scorn sich peas as Cockney's prize, and valley Marrowfats like me. THE FRENCH DIRECTORY. Formerly it tooks persons' heads. Now-a-days, it merely takes their numbers and residences. Literally, the French ' Directory of the present moment is u V itownart EOSCE AlO) CABTHAOE. Subjoined, Mr. John Boll, you have another tii«g and rattle from our sacerdotal and serpentine contempo rary, the Univers : "The world will never recover substantial peace until England shall have become Roman Catholic, or shall have ceased to be a first-rate Power With England no alliance is possible. The nations of the earth ought, therefore, to come to an understanding, and hurl against her the famous sen tence-4 D*lenda est Canhago.'" So, according to the Uomish organ, England is the Carthage of modern Rome, Such being the case. Car* thago has a great advantage in knowing it, thanks to the Univers. The Carthaginians will perhaps learn to keep a sha-p look out after the, Roman emissaries and sympathizers, who would of coarse be only too happy to faciliate the invasion of Ca thage by the nations of the earth which the Univers represents, if i ever they should come to the very Catholic trader* j standing alluded to by that eminently Christian organ. ? Threatened men live long; they are forewarned and ! consequently forearmed. The Carthaginians accord* Ingly will perhaps contrive to find & HannibtL and more than one, who will at Isast give Rome some 1 trouble, and render her sen enca for the destruction of Csrtligge less easily exacted than pronounced. j TO THE THAMES (After Tennysox). Bake, bake, bake, O Thames, on thy way to the sea! And I would that thy stink could poison A bishop, Peer, or M. P. Oh, well for the fiotherhithe boy That he shouts with the mudlarks at play I Oh. well lor the Greenwich lad. That he diws for the browns in thy clay t And the swoln dead dogs go down Through the bridges, past TowV Hill; But. oU, for the touch of a despot's huid To the works of a Board that is nil! Bake, bake, bake, 0 Thames, on thy way to the sea! But the appetite which thy stink strikes dead Will never come back to me. THE coaotoys AT ckeeboubg. (By Electric Telegraph Anticipatory.) Cherbourg, August*. . Th» members of the House of Commons hava been introduced to the Emperor, who graciously ac corded an audience to several of the most pressing of the body. We send accurate reports of the speeches. Mr. Disraeli-Sire, standing on the shores of this magnificent country, in the capital of wheh I laid some of the principal sc-nes of my novel of Cod liugsby, aud from one of whose historians I did. net scruple to bonw my pan eg. ric njron the Duke of Wel lington, I feel that, in the confidential relations which exist between your MXje6ty and the present Adminis tration, it is not necessary for me to use many words to prove the sincerity of my admiration for tuat system of Imperial Governmenc which comes nearer my own ideal than any the world has yet seen-I mean an absolute despotism based upon the most radical prin^ cip.es. It has been my humble privilege to lay the foundation of a similar system in our own island; and though our constitutional forms are a serious obstacle to its development, I have every confideica that a poli-y which has already resulted in the destruction, by a Tory Cabinet, of ilie property quali fication of members of Parliament, and in the admis sion of the Jews to the Legislature by an Administra tion which number* Newdegate aud Spooner among its adherents, will, ere long, be crowned with that full success, which your Majesty reached bv a shorter course, on the remarkable evening of the * 2nd of De cember. This oration, which was delivered in a tone so confi dential, as to be caught on'y by our own reporter, was listened to by the Emperor with marked attention, but with considerable appearance of impatience by £*ord Johu Russell, who, the moment Air. Disraeli had re tired, stepped forward and said: May it please your Majesty, I shall be obleeged if your Majesty will allow me, for the convenience of all parties, to address you in my own language; as, although I have frequently been engaged in foreign missions, I cannot speak any tongue hut my own tj my own satisfaction. Your Majesty is pleased to show us your defences. Look at ours 1 I am one of them. In the service of the Crown (whenever good places are to be had), a whole regiment of Greys is at hand The Emperor (interrupting). Do you belong to the' Scots Greys? Bernal Osborne. No, Sire, he's in the " Blues" now, for he's out of place. (.This indecent joke seemed toahut up the noble Lord, who said he would postpone his further remarks for a private audience. [Here an angry discussion ensued, caused by Mr. Al derman Bloggs, M.P., insisting on addressing the Emperor, who good-naturedly accorded him nn audience. . The Alderman wore his civic robes, and spoke thus in the pronunciation peculiar to his order and coun try: S'ilyous plait, votre Majestie, je suis un des Aldermen de la Citd de Londres-nne Cite tres cetdbre po'ir le Venaisson, et la Tortue de mer. Nous les Aldermen, et le Grand Seigneur-Le " Lord Mayor" serons, touijours, tres, trfcs, " proud" (comrne nous disons en Angleterre) a voir vous, et votre Madame a notre Guildhall, et un couteau et nne fourchette seroat tourjours a votre service, si vous et vos amis desirent couper votre moaton avec nous. Karon Kothschild, M.P., was next introduced to the Emperor by Mr. Disraeli and Lord John Kussell. He *rith a slight Hebrew accent:-May it pleashe your Majesty. It gives me great plcasbure to come here as one of the Houshe of Commons. For ten yean* I could not get so much as my noshe inshide the Houshe, although I carried a leette Lord on my back uptothe very door eveiy election (here he winked at Lord John), but he u bed to shlip in like a weashlc, and make a Jeetle fusch about my shtanding outshide, and nshed to drop the shubject. Howhever, I am i*. now, though they threaten to draw my teeth; and nail my earsa to the bar. if I go near the Lordsh. Veil - veil-vee'il shee, vhen the time comsh. Now for bushmessh-if there is peace betwixt England and France I vill back both your bilsb-but if there's war, I shall back Mr. John Bull's bill, and my leetlo hou h over here in Paris will do yoursh. So we viil find the shtakes on both sides-Ha! Ha! Hat Gilpin, M.P., then stepped forward and said: Louis Napoleon, if thee will put away these irrational guns, aud knockdown these expensive fortifications, thee will do more for civilization than thv bloodthirsty predecessor of the same name. I ask thee as a sensible man, and a man of busine&, how can nations be ex pected to attend to thtir tshops, when they kaow there is a po wder-mill in the cellar ? Why should not thee and Victoria Guelph disband the armies of both coun tries? Let the A divisiou of police be left with ber, and a similar number of the Garde Municipale with thee. Let three fourpenny steamers constitute our oint fleet, and Here the Emperor walked away exclaiming, u II est fou, il est fou," but his retreat was cat off by Samuel Warren, M.P., D.C.L-, and Q.C., who first knocking hitj forehead against the pavement, and then throwing himself into an attitude, said Sire, that Hebrew who addressed you is ourdisgrac» . he has already unchristiauized the House of Commons and will shortly Judaisa the Peers. The Quaker i3 a wretched schismatic *nd crackbrained sectarian* Trial by jury, liberty of the press, and cur Eugiish litera ture-including tlie Lily and the Bee, and Ten Thousand a \ ear-arc our real bulwarks; bulwarks stronger than your walls, more resintless thau your cannon. No man in our free country need despair I myself, though hitherto I have bien very ill-used, hove some day for a Judgeship, or to be made Attorney General, or - . . ' Lord Derby could stand this no longer, and shouted sternly, "Lie down, Sir !M on which Samuel bowed, aud collapsed. Mr Tite, M.P. (the celebrated architect) wanted to ask the Emperor a que« ion about the Seine and its purification. Ue was one of the Committee who had patriotically iliru.st their noses info eery 63?rer dis charging into the Thames. Drums, and flags, and guns were toys-v^ry good for emblematic ornaments on buildings of a military character, but otherwise mischievous. Hn thouglir, if he were permitted, that he could make a good job of the Seine; the state of the Thames was disgraceful Alderman Bloggs, M.P., be e broke in, in a great state of excitement:-Sire, it's beautiful! Le Thames est trcs douce . " Mr. Tite. Sit down, Sir, and don't interrupt me. Ex cept the Royal Exchauge, there is not a monument in the City which [ Here the Emperor hinted that time was rannine short. < r. Malius, if .P. nnd Q.C^ however, insisted on being heard, and began with that impres ive and condensed oratory which so distinguishes him. Sire, Myself and the other honourable and learned gentlemen who, ia our Constitutional House and High Court of Parlia ment, St. Stephen's, Parliament-street, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, sit on the same side of that Constitutional House, and hold opinions similar to those of the noble lords around me ? The Emperor. I can't stand this. (To Her M y, aside). Dis done, Madame, qu'est que e'est one ces homines la 1 Her it y. Ce sonfc des Derbyites, des Badicals, et uu Juit | Mr. Wilson, MVP., rose with the intention of de livering a lecture to the Emperor on the fundamental principles of political economy, but he was received with such a shout of " Who's your hatter?" that he sat down in despair. (Latest Intelligence.) Alderman Bloggs has been had np before the Juge de Faixt -for being drunk and disorderly. Bernal Osbsrne has snag two comic songs with immense effect, after the Imperial buiquct, accompanied by the celebrated Vivier on the horn. H. B. H. the Prince Consort does not appear to relish them, but both their Majesties are in convulsions of laughter. Lord Brougham is embracing Monsieur Dupin, aud -solemnly adopted France as his country. The Pera has just hoisted signals of distress. No more champagne can be procured in the neighbour hood. It is foared that the members on boird have mut.nied. PEKALE M.P/S. The Ladies7 Gallery in the House can only accommo date a certain number, on account of the bailoony size of ladies' dresses. Thus strong-minded women will be pleased to observe that the admissibility of woman into Parliament all turns upon a question of crinoline. THE PATEXT Ukbbella.-Beard, a Cm. cinnati artist, has invented a plan to stop the most in onvenientand unpunishable crime, umbrella theft, wbieh he intends to make public at the risk of vio lating the patent law. I liad bought a fine silk unt bmlla, and started for the Burnet House, on a rainy day, when I began to reflect upon my extravagance. and to wonder, as I tripped along proudly under its broad and safe cover, whether or .not it would go the way of all umbrellas, and leave me to the u pitiless pel tings of the storm," before*the day was over. True I could keep itir, my hand, bat then I was oecaaionally so abso t raiaded that I would be just as apt to set it down in a public bar-room, or even to have it quietly taken out of my hand by soire adroit purloiner Snd denly an idea occurred. I stepped in a iiirdwa re store and pttrchesed a small padlock. On arriving at the hotel I closed the umbrella, slipped tU, padlock on tlie wae spring which keeps it shut, and deposited it with the moat psr.ect confidence in the public rack. A splendid-locking fellow, with a goatee and moustaches. stepped np with the most perfect nonchalance, and took my idyitvcal umbrella. I quietly sauntered toward the door, givmg a casual glance at the silk; but alas! it was no go-again! still worse. What the deuce was the matter? lie looked, saw the trap, and tlie fall of ?n"t£U,S^Ce tbe steP from sublime to the ndicnlous I had so often heard of, but never seen !i^. umbrella was quietly deposited in its place and the gentleman meekly sauntered towards the \- reading-room, and slipped oat of another door urn brellaless. I was by no means satisfied with one ex ponent. In a-Httle while I saw one of the mTt brazen appropnators of small things (he was especially hudon lunches and drinks-free) in &U; cinrinn.tf is mythauce" This customer had an S? I his hand, which might in courtesy, he styled the ghost of an umbrella," and cotton at that. With a grandiloquent air he deposited it right alongside of t°Ul0,bar- , ?> ^re he picked upa treat atc cra°kers ana oheese enormously. Thence to the reading-roam, with my eye still npon him, and in less than a minute, -with a shrug and buttoning up his coat an extra button, he passed in a rapid business manner to the door, picked up my umbrella,- with scarcely a glanca, as he went alon*.*, I was on hand With a sudden movement he attempted to raise it; no^ol A gain 1 Still failure. With a decision perfectly Napoleonic, .and wor&y; of the occasion, he was about to :tear away the alight obstruction, when T* stepped np, and said-^Dont do it I'll lend yon the keyT Ahl" Jtr. Beard. Hal Strange mi-tAke-thtmght wa>8 ^ ow^ ^ vice; think Til adopt it.1' And with the most perfect ease he put my nmbrella "down, took his own, and vamosed. I wias satisfied* I had found out how to keep an umbrella, and now I am on mv way to Washington to get a patent for it.-Cinomrwfi Courier, 