SCRAPS FROM MRS. C. MATHEWS' MISCELLANIES. Among the anecdotes of Cooke, she tells the following: " The great celebrity of this extraordinary factor did not render him forgetful of those ? ' whose base stars do shut them up in the obscurity of a country theatre, and consequently poverty ; he frequently exerted his i are talents gratuitously for his loss gifted brethren of the Book and buskin in the provinces and when not engaged on the metro pt litan stage, frequently gave a night to the 24 densities of the ' poorer born.' "On one of those benevolent occasions he had pledged himself to appear in some small to own, in his celebrated part in the ' Merchant of Venice,' wherein he was indeed 1 The Jow That Shakspeare drew.' On his arrival, on the morning of performance, Cooke found the theatre little better than a barn, and a genuine ' Dunstable company' greeted him at rehearsal, during which the ' Silvester DaggerwoodB' of the building gave him a taste of their quality in their Ebveial new readings of the poet, and a fore- taste of the joys in store for him at night from the general imperfection of his coadjutors especially in the scene in which 'Sala i ino'and'Salanio'taunt ' Shylock' with his daughter's flight. " It appeared that this little community of ' poor players poor in every sense was numerically, as well as professionally, weak, and incompetent in more ways than one to the representation of a play of Shakespeare's. It followed that several of the characters were obliged to be what is technically called doubled. Thus the performer whose name in peared in the bills for the light feathery ' Gratiano,' was compelled, in the language of the turf, to carry weight, by the anonymous addition of Sales to' to his first undertaking. In this Siamese union of two EOUIS 5n one body, it happened, as in bodies I critic, that the minister, to the general sus tainment of his post, leaned to the most profitable side and hence the support of the twofold weight had devoted his best energies to the interests of the principal duty assigned him, and thought but little of the lesser and comparatively unimportant one So unfairly buckled on his back, until the moment when he was called upon to rehearse the scene with Mr. Cooke in the third act, where his deficiency was immediately noted by the ' Shylock of the night, who patiently and politely explained to him the necessity of Calame' being literally perfect in the few lines he had to alter in this particular scene ; otherwise, OF Shakspeare had therein indulged, as he often did, in a play upon words, unless the text in one instance was delivered correctly, and to the letter, ' Shylock'could not proceed, as the point of his rejoinder entirely dependent upon the precise words of the author. Mr. Cooke's explanation was listened to with deference and respectful attention by the person addressed, and with good disposi- tion to do justly the great man's bidding. But the poor actor's head was too full of ' Gratiano s" infinite deal of nothing, to find room for the unwelcome ' Salanio,' whose few words being clearly of no value to his own reputation in the play, he had but imperfectly considered in reference to another's. " It must here be remembered that 'Salar ire,' when he and Salanio' are mischievously twisting the malevolent low with his daughter Jessica's' flight, has to Bay, ' I, for my part, know the tailor that made the wings she flew withal :' to which Salanio' remarks ' And Shylock, for his own part, knew the! bird was fledged and then it is the complexion of them all to leave their dam.' " At rehearsal, the double who did not know ratings line, carelessly observed, Ay it is the way of them all to leave their father's house.,' " No, no, no !' exclaimed the discomfited star. 1 My dear sir, don't you know the next line I have to speak? If you do not say, " It is the complexion of them all to leave their dam," how can I reply upon the words, and say, '. She's damned for it?" If you omit the word dam, the whole sense of my speech is con- founded. You must utter the word dam, or I cannot reply at all.' " True, sir, I see,' ob Ecived the well-intentioned double: ' then I'll say it. He forthwith made several unsuccessful attempts to deliver the text, but with rately comforted Mr. Cooke with the assurance that he would be perfect by night. And, indeed, he did his best to keep his promise, fervently reiterating, to the great confusion and dismay of the attendant Bcene-shiftern, carpenters, prompter, and property man who, like Lord Tyrawley's unfortunate battalion, stood embodied in one man-between the earlier scenes of his conflicting duties, the indispensable dam, upon which so much seemed to depend, wildly and earnestly re- peating it-Dam, dam, sam DAM! But oh ! Double, double, toil and trouble.' ," Poor ' Salanio' increased in nervous trepidation as the moment of his responsibility approached; and as it often happens that an overwrought anxiety to remember a thing does not always prevent our forgetting it at the proper time, with all his care and study to retain the needful phrase which was to ox desperate ' SbylockV paternal are to its very acme, like a false friend, it threatened to desert him at his direst need and when the critical scene commenced, the overburdened actor felt his words, like Bob Acres valor, cczingoutat the finger ends of his memory, and all the pain and toil that he had under- gone since the morning to fix, and as it were to dam up, the erratic stream of his recollection, in order that the evening's course might run EEQOotb, had not secured it from premature (Escape consequently, when the dreaded po- fied of trial arrived, and Salarino' duly observed that he knew the tailor that made the wings, 'Jessica' ' flew withal,' the agitated. ' Salanio,' after a momentary, breathless, pause of doubt and alarm, cried out, with the energy of despair, 'I knew him too-and he wasn't worth a dam !' " Here is a story pleasantly told : Mr. Charles Holland was always a very anxious actor, and when very young, and before he had gained the least confidence in himself upon the stage, he happened to be performing at Liverpool during a time when John Kemble was engaged there as a star. Mr. Holland having, on one of the nights of the great man's > appearance, to perform ' Horatio,' in Hamlet, with him, felt more than usually nervous and fearful-in deed, he was, beyond description, tremulous and agitated. He, however, got on pretty well through the earlier and least important scenes of the part, but during the latter portion of the play the young actor felt his fears renewed, and his tongue clove to the roof of his month with thirst, arising from the feverish anxiety not to commit himself in his last and more responsible Boones with' Hamlet.' A shot t time, therefore, before his last scene in the fourth act came on, taking a hint from the redoubtable 'Macheath,' he had recourse to a little false courage, and perceiving a little boy -a hanger-on of the carpenters at the side scene, he bid him go into the adjoining tavern and get a glass or cold brandy and water, at the same time charging the lad to set the better foot before, and make diligent speed. Away in nimble haste, scampered the i little messenger, and quicker than Ariel, he did his 'spiriting for he returned in less time than the sender had believed it possible, and presented a huge tumbler, filled to the brim to Mr. Holland, who was just then called to go upon the stage. The actor eagerly seized the compound, drinking it to the very dregs, literally- for, arriving at the bottom of the glass, he observed a darkened sediment clinging to it, and exclaiming against the dirty compounder of the draught, told the boy to carry back the glass to the tavern, and ask what filthy Btuftlhod been mixed with the brandy and v at er. "At this instanVHoratioVcuabcinggiveo, Mr. Holland wont upon the stage, from which, shortly after, his attention was' withdrawn by the apparition of the landlady of the hotel -whose figure he knew standing at the wing, with several of the performers, who seemed listening with consternation to something she was telling them as she wrung their hands, and wept bitterly from time to time looking anxiously towards the stage, and beckoning to Mr. Holland as if, in imitation of Denmark's ghost, she some impartment did desire to him alone ! He was surprised, but of course could not attend to her, although again and again did she wave him to a more re n oved ground.' At length the scene ended in d Mr. Holland's fate cried out in very audl Do accents, What's the matter, my good reason?' At this address the Fturowiry vc man's tears fall faster and futUu, and will It ends and eyes uplifted in r-uppliiatHu, She is piecemeal, thus unpacked her hunt with -s, ii d.' "I Cheer! oh, dear will Pray for my,- mc can't go to do it; indeed I didn't. Oh I say my say you forgive me what I've deaU' '"Well,! replied the actor, in his softest tones, what have you done? and what have I to forgive ?' i " ' Oh, sir ! oh Mr. Holland I you may for- give me, but I shall never forgive myself to my dying day! declared the conscientious landlady. " ' But what,' asked Mr. Holland, impa- dently what is your dying day to me, ma'am ? What is it you mean ? "Oh ! BÎr promise me that when I tell you, you will forgive me !' " ' Well, well,' replied Holland-' I do pro- miserably make haste, and tell me what I'm to forgive.' "'Well, then, sir,' sobbed the afflicted woman, you sent to our bar for a glass of brandy-and-water.' " ' I know I did,' exclaimed the actor, still more impatient with the person who thus 'ployed the torturer by small and small,' ' of course I know I sent for brandy-and-water "' And you drank it, sir?' " ' Why, to be sure I did, peevishly added Holland. "'Ah, sir! oh, sir ! oh Mr. Holland 1 you are a dead man, sir; you havn't an hour to live ; you're poisoned, Sir "'What Bless my soul!' cried Holland pale as his shirt, and naturally ruffled by this dreadful intelligence 'Poisoned?' " ' Oh, yes, sir, you are indeed ! But I didn't know what I had done, till you sent back the tumbler. Oh, sir! red arsenic, kept to poison our own rats, not you, sir ! Didn't see what glass I took off the shelf poor boy was in such a hurry only one candle in the lar didn't notice that anything was in it on, that unlucky tumbler !' " Poor Mr. Holland had like to have been a tumbler also at this minute; for a visible faintness came over him from fright, and which he naturally enough mistook for the first three of the poison, which he believed had assumed the right of search throughout his interior (indeed It was not improbable that the brandy was contraband) and staggering with agitation and horror against the nail, he gave vent to his feelings in a burst of tears, exclaiming in the words of his friend t 'Hamlet'- I Old their most pernicious woman.' " ' Oh !' soliloquised the wretched landlady, -' what shall I do? what shall I do? " ' What shall I do - you mean, exclaimed the agonised man in despair, and whose words and expressions were now amuSingly con- trasted with his naturally impassive air, and calm manner of speaking, and, turning to the by standers, who looked stupefied, he asked,-' Will noone send for a doctor don't you hear that I'm poisoned ?' " Indeed, everybody seemed aghast, and paralysed at this but half-understood calamity; but they now assisted Mr. Holland to a chair, for he felt his sufferings of mind increase every moment-and the miserable cause of them was sent away to summon medical aid. In the meantime the curtain was about to draw up for the fifth net, an I Mr. Kemble appearing at the wing, and see ing Mr. Holland talking in his very soft stone voice to those near him, and apparently forgetful of his approaching duty, addressed a reminder to him, that the act was begun, and that they would soon hear their cue to go on the stage. " The truth is, Mr. Holland, though suffering intense distress of mind, and anticipating the momentary approach of still greater suffering. was not yet assailed by the fatal draught beyond a slight burning sensation, which a glass of strong brandy and water might in itself occasion and though dread- fully affected by his situation, he did not yet exhibit any acute symptoms of bodily all but he looked wild and distrait, while Mr, Kemble, who had retired to his dressing-room after his last exit to recruit his strength by rest, was totally ignorant of the disaster that had befallen the young actor and catching the words ' brandy and water, and observing the altered and pallid looks 1 and uncertain deportment of Mr. Holland, h became somewhat suspicious that his friend ' Horatio' had taken a drop too much, and that the drink' had stolen away his brains little dreaming that the poisoned cup of seem royalty had been anticipated. But as to care for their mutual entrance was about the given by the Gravedigger, and petrol and that Mr. Holland made no effort to move for ward, Mr. Kemble jogged his elbow, saying, i his quiet manner : " 'Come, Mr- Holland, our one will be give in a few minutes." "My dear sir,' replied Holland faintly ' I've nothing more to do with cues ;' an raJBing his handkerchief to his eyes, added pathetically, ' I shall never go upon the stage again, sir ; it's all over with me.' "'Nonsense!'cried Kemble, still more as Killed that the oracle of Apollo spoke out of the bottle ;' Nonsense, sir, you must go on land diately.' " ' My dear sir, replied Holland, with h: naturally calm accents unaltered, ' you BC before you a dead man ! " ' Pooh, pooh ! ' said Kemble, with an incredulous smile, believing that the dead man had imbibed plenty of the ' liquor of life.' " ' I assure you, Mr. Kemble, it's too true don't you know that I've taken poison ?' " ' Poison in jest 1' muttered Kemble, pla' fully. 1,1 No, cried Holland piteously, in earnest Mr, Kemble.' 1 " ' Well, well,' observed the tragedian (pa ting him on the back, and who could ne under his impression, treat the matter with any seriousness), ' never mind, my good fellow you can play the rest of your part, I do say, if you are poisoned !' ! It's impossible, Sir! ' cried Mr. Holland would you wish to force a dying man upon the stage, and exhibit his last moments to an audience ! ' "Well, but me good friend pursuedKer ble, coldly, ' how is the play to end unless ye do appear? the tragedy can't finish with your' " ' It will finish with me, Mr. Kemble 1 ' e claimed the unhappy man. Surely, you would not be so unkind as to force me of why, 'be urged, ' I am at this moment in t agonies of death ! ' "Well, if you are,' replied Mr. Kemb with perfect sang field, ' you can manage to through the rest of your part. It will be so -openly good fellow, and then you can do you please and the cue being now given, seized the dying man by the arm a dragged him upon the stage, where, c tainly more dead than alive, poor Mr. H land awaited his mortal agonies and ruby be well imagined that under ( Bad expectation of a premature termination of his life, the scene ensuing, which disclose a newly-made grave gaping open before he was not likely to be very agreeable or cheer to' a man tottering upon the brink of Town neither was 'Hamlet's' philosophic speculation upon the skulls, and the s gestion of their own being knocked about a similar manner, very comforting, and pi Mr. Holland's heart, as well as Hamle head, ached at the thought laundered, co sideling Mr. Holland's approaching dis lution, the author's allusions were in harrowing painful. " The awful scene ended, ' Horatio,' during his short exit from the stage, was an tioned eagerly by his theatrical bream who were impatiently waiting at the window to his symptoms; but before could-satisfy their anxious inquiries, 1 Kemble patted him on the stage as to the series of ' Osric,' previously to who entrance, it will be remembered, 'Ham] makes several pointed allusions to side death, and which. It may be supposed, that the dead man at his side to wince and qui nor did he feel much less when the soup wine (a vessel, by the way, formed very in after the fashion of a goblet), WAS present to the 'Queen's whose dying exclamation The drink-the drink. I'm poisoned ! ' penetrated into his inmost heart, and of the tenderest tears of sympathy from his of In truth, 'Horatio' nearly fainted at a counterfeit presentment of his own approving fate ! But lo I behold at this critical i awful moment, the rat destroying boa again at the wing again clasping her thin hands, and once more beckoning Mr. Holt from the stage, but with her tears dried and of smiling, nay, joyful expression off ' Horatio' could scarcely find patience to by his expiring friend, 'Hamlet,' till all over with him, or listen with decent attend to the vital intelligence that The potent poison quite overcrowd . spirit;' but as soon as the breath was out of Wind"s body, the anxious 'Horatio,' how the funeral obsequies of the Danish prince the discretion of his obsequious attends rushed off the stage, and demanded of lady in waiting the cause of her half an peorance. " " Oh, Sir I oh, dear sir ! I'm so ha] You're not poisoned, sir ; it's all a inist Oh, dear; oh, dear ; you can't think how he Inst "Yes, I can,' replied Holland, feeling ' but how do you know that I'm not polBoi Are you sure I'm not?' The joyful woman deposed to the fore leg. It appeared that after she left i the side, in order to send for the doctor he murdered man, she communicated to husband-who had just returned home after a short absence-the soil mishap, explaining to him how she had, in her haste to supply the mixturawithout delay, heedlessly used the gloss in which the arsenic for the rats was kept upon the shelf, and sent it, with the sandy and water, to Mr. Holland. The husband, at the mention of the arsenic, II st his eyes, involuntarily, up to the f 1 of where the deadly poison usually stood, end, starting forward, took from the place the identical tumbler, still charged with the red fluid, and held it the fore the eyes of his astonished wife. " Why, it en,' cried she, I did not use that gloss after all! Thank heaven but where, they, did that come from which I did use?' This was still an anxious mystery. However, the good woman, much relieved, flew into the t h came again, and acquainted everybody with 1 cr husband's happy discovery. Still the ether tumbler and its red sediment was to be recounted for - nor was this long unexplained. , , " " The little errand boy was called forward in rd questioned by the manager and the performers, and they at length elicited from him that when Mr. Holland gave him his hurried order to run for the brandy-and-water, he n atched, as he passed, a tumbler from the shelf of the property-room, without looking vi luther it was clean, or noticing anything in it. This glass, the property-man explained, j ad some rose-pink prepared in it the evening before, for sanguinary purposes, ended, in fact, retained the surplus-the residuary drops frem'Banquo's' ' Twenty trenched gashes in his head. " We have here another case of poisoning, or are rapidly told : "Every playgoer of his time must have Fran Mr. Munden perform ' Obediah, in the ' Committee, or Honest Thieves ' (if not, they at L now to be pitied) and who of those has not a recollection also of the incomparable Johnstone (Irish Johnstone) in the ' league,' picturesquely draped in his blanket, and pour- ing forth his exquisite humor and mellifluous League, in equal measure ? " One night, In that particular scene where ' Teague' piles the old hypocrite, ' Obadiah' with wine, when it is customary to use a black quart bottle, and to pour from its neck tie contents down the throat of the actor, in a pile of his repeated resistance and declaration of No more, Mr. Teague. On this night Mr, Jjunden's struggles against there administra- tion of the doses were found to be unusually vigorous, and therefore more exciting to the Administrator. Nevertheless,'Obadiah'gulped I he liquid down at each application of it, under which operation his contortions of face were so extremely grotesque and solrreBistibly comical, that even 'Johnstone,' while he ft reed upon him the contents of the bottle to the last drop was convulsed at his brother ((median's extra drollery, and the audience at Eolutely screamed with laughter. At length the scene ended, 'Obadiah' was borne off the t tage in the usual state of non-resistance allied to wine deadened faculties. But the moment Mr. Munden found himself out of sight and hearing of the audience, he sprung upon his legs, and broke out into the most passionate i acclamations of disgust and anger, crying out, to the astonishment of everybody, with the addition of certain expletives which may not he repeated : " ' I'm a dead man ! send for a stomach simple It's all over with me If I die, I'll bring the rascal that did it I'm poisoned Murder! murderer's destroyed! where's the villain that filled that bottle I'll hang him ! Oh, I'm a dead man,' &c.; During these and Binding ravings, he tried to clear his palate into the flavor of the leprous distilment' to which he alluded but in vain; and he continued to stamp and rave, half in anger, half in suffering, till at last, pressed by all around him for some solution of the mystery, be cried out, in an agony of disgust, pointing to the empty bottle still in Johnstone's hand, ' lamp oil, lamp oil, every drop of it.' " The poor functionary of the property room' had, indeed, in his haste to deliver His property,' mistaken a similar-looking 1 ettie, which was half- filled with the rankest li mp oil, for the demi boutelle prepared for the scene, in which sherry and water was usually employed, to drench the unlucky actor. " The poor fellow was very sorry for his mistake,' but what was his sorrow to Mr. Munden 's sufferings? what atonement to a ' dead man,' who was determined upon seeing Lis 'murderer' hanged as soon as all was over with himself? Again Mundon stamped and swore he must die, and, indeed, at length staggered exhausted into the green- room, and threw himself upon the sofa, heart sick and overcome with faintness. It must really have been a draught that only a Russian loan could have forgiven, and poor Mr Munden was piteously affected with the nauseous flavor which would be remembered) (spite of any other liquid with which hit mends endeavored to stifle the recollection. " When the sufferer had in some degree recovered from the nausea the- accident caused, Mr. Johnstone marvelled why Mun e'en should have allowed him, after the first laEte, to pour the whole of the disgusting liquid down his throat. 'It would,' John stone said, have been easy to have rejected or opposed a repetition of it, by finding the mistake to him.' Mr Munden's replying gasps-was as follows: " ' My dear boy, was about to do so ; but there was such a glorious roar at the first face 1 made upon swallowing it, that I hadn't the be art to spoil the scene by interrupting the effect, though I thought I should die every' time you poured the accursed stuff down my throat ' A Roman, with a Roman heart, can suitor.' "This was truly the ' ruling passion strong in death. 