MORETON BAY JUDGE'S APPOINTMENT BILL. Repose of the Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly, appointed on the 31st March, 1858, to inquire into and report upon the " Moreton Bay Judge's Appointment Bill," and to whom, on the 13th April last, were referred certain documents relating to the Administration of Justice in the colony," and on the 14th of the same month, a copy of the Report and Proceedings of the Select Committee of the Legislative Council' , of 1857 upon the Business of the Supreme Court." Your committee having taken the evidence of his Honor the Chief Justice, of three barristers and of two solicitors of the Supreme Court, and having carefully considered the various papers and documents referred to them, including the report of the Select Committee of the Legislative Council upon the " Business of the Supreme Court," and the evidence appended thereto, have arrived at the conclusion that the necessity at the present moment for the appointment of an additional Judge of the Supreme Court has been proved and they therefore recommend the passing of the bill to authorise such appointment. As, however, it is possible that the business of the Supreme Court may be very much diminished in extent by the operation of the non District Courts, your committee would at the same time ' recommend that a clause be inserted in the bill to provide that in the event of a vacancy occurring on the Bench after the appointment of such additional Judge the number of Judges shall not, without the authority of the Parliament, be again increased beyond three. JAMES MARTIN, Chairman. - Legislative Assembly Chamber, Sydney, 31st August, FISK ARTS. A very excellent painting of the celebrated racer Ben Bolt has just been executed by Mr. Fowles, and a large number of gentlemen have visited the artist's studio for the purpose of inspecting it. Whether as a work of art or a correct portraiture of the celebrated champion of the Australian Turf, it is regarded by all who have seen it as one of that gentleman's happiest efforts. THE DRAMA. The repetition of a play is the best test of its popularity. And although many plays meet with a success they do not deserve there are exceptions which do . honour to the author, actor, and patrons of the drama. Such an exception is Hamlet, the great play of the immortal Shakespere, which, under the distinguished patronage of Sir Daniel Cooper and the members of the Legislative Assembly, was performed on Monday evening, at the Prince of Wales Theatre. Of the Hamlet of Mr. G. V. Brooke we have on several occasions expressed the most favourable opinion considering it a performance of the greatest merit replete with innumerable beauties, and distinguished by many and striking originality. To enumerate all the beauties of his per I formance, and to mention all the instances of the restoration of the correct text of the dramatist, would be more in keeping in an essay than in that of a newspaper review. in the usual acting edition of Hamlet, the typographic errors are almost countless, and Mr. Brooke is deserving of much commendation for their eradication. Praise is also due to this gentleman for the speech containing the advice of Polonius to Laertes, and which is generally omitted. In the language of the Ghost, Mr. Edwards gave several judicious and appropriate alterations from the common text. Perhaps it may not be wholly out of place to refer to an error, corrected by Mr. Brooke, in Act 3rd, in the scene with Hamlet and Po- tonics. The Cumberland edition has it thus : Looking towards the sky, and speaking of and pointing to a cloud, Hamlet observes, " It is backed like a weasel." Now, in accordance with an ancient edition of our poet, the reading is the one given by MrvBrookoJLand_which runs thus-" Methinks it is like an angel," signifying a blackbird. Tolonius'T8"maae to reply on the authority referred to, " It is black like an angel." It will be perceived that such a rendering gives a meaning or sense to the text which it otherwise does not contain. While Hamlet' as a play is considered as the chief donors of Shakespeare's production, it at the same time admits a great latitude of interpreta- tion the part of the performer, and from time immemorial has been celebrated for affording an almost endless variety of points." Modern playgoers will recollect that the present Kean has in his performance of this character several novel readings. Macready also had his peculiarities and flashes of genius, and a few years past Mr. Barry Sullivan, of the Haymarket Theatre, gained notoriety by a point indicating some ingenuity and more boldness, raising over a goodly array of novelties introduced by Mr. Brooke, we may be pardoned in mentioning one used at the end of the 3rd Act. It will be remembered that in this scene the Ghost's supposed to be visible only to Hamlet. The Queen, in addressing Tier son, says-The bodiless creation ecstacy (madness) is very cunning In-." Observe the long pause made by Mr. Brooke; who, apparently to make assurance of his sanity doubly sure, physician-like, from paris the pulse of the Queen with that of his own are he rejoins, "My pulse; as yours, doth temperately keep time, and .! makes it healthful ' music," so. Vow in the whole range of our theatrical experience we do not recollect a more daring interpretation of the text, and yet where Welford thoiragcdian throughout the context on the play anxious to present the Prince of Denmark as a designer of madness and not as a. real madman, he is not only/justittablo is taking advantage of the opportunity presented by the text, but highly artistic, in doing so The pieces presented during the week have been Richelieu, The Groves of Blarney, The Irish Attorney, and Money. On Saturday evening' Mr; Brooke appeared for the last time in Sheridan Knowles' play of Virginius. The Winter's Tale is to be per "POSTAOC STAMM. Mr. William Dolman, 236, Pitt-street has been authorised to sell postage stamps. a 