LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. SERIOUS ACCIDENT. — About four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, we regret to say, a severe acci- dent happened to Mr. John Lamb, of Grafton-street. he had that day received a young horse to break in, and had taken him home and led him up in his own yard. While there, he had twice mounted the ani- mal, without his betraying any unusual degree of vice, or being remarkably troublesome. After dis- mounting the second time, Mr. Lamb incautiously stood near the animals heels, on which he lashed out and caught Mr. L. in the mouth, breaking the right side of his upper jaw, splitting the palate through its entire length, and knocking out four teeth. A piece of bone 1½ inch long by 1½ inch broad has since been removed. Mr. Lamb of course endures considerable pain, but his medical adviser, Dr. Hanford considers that he is progressing as well as could possibly be anticipated. THE SEARCH FOR GOLD.—The party at Mutbilly, now consisting of sixteen men, continue their re- searches, and though the precious metal has not yet been found in payable quantities, they are still san- guine of ultimate success. One party of four are engaged in tunnelling, and entertain great hopes of striking on a lead. They are working into the side of a hill. On Wednesday last they obtained about a quarter of an ounce. DEATH BY DROWNING.—An inquest was held at Gundary, on Thursday, before R. Waugh, Esq., coro- ner, on the body of Catherine Kelly, aged 1 year and 10 months, daughter of Mr. Joseph Kelly, farmer. It appeared that deceased had been playing about the dairy on Wednesday, and had been sent to fetch her father's hat. Her father was then going out on horseback, and on his leaving deceased, it is sup- posed that the deceased ran after him, and coming to a waterhole tumbled in. Mrs. Kelly speedily missed her, and commenced a strict search, in which she was assisted by the people about the place, and finally the body was discovered in a waterhole of the creek near the house. A verdict of accidental death was returned. BAND OF HOPE.—On Wednesday evening last the third anniversary meeting of the Goulburn Band of Hope was held in the Baptist Chapel, which was more numerously attended than on any former occa- sion. Before the business of the meeting com- menced a balloon was sent up for the gratification of the juveniles, and another at the conclusion of the business. R. WARING, Esq., having been called to the chair, the annual report of the society was read. The report, after speaking of the loss sustained by the departure of Mr. Blackmore, proceeded to com- plain of want of co-operation on the part of some who yet spoke favourably of the society. The num- ber of members now on the books was 287, being an increase of 52 on the preceding year. Thirteen public meetings had been held during the past twelve months for various purposes, and there was a balance of £13 3s. 4d. in the treasurer's hands. The report concluding with an expression of thankfulness for the success of the society's exertions.——The Rev. W. Ross moved the adoption of the report. He stated that he had more confidence in Bands of Hope promoting sobriety than in efforts made to re- claim individuals after they had fallen into the use of intoxicating liquors. Early impressions were not easily forgotten, and principles formed in the young had the promise of God that they would not after- wards be departed from. He believed the efforts made by those who took an interest in this society were highly calculated to promote both religion and morality.——The Rev. W. COLLEY seconded the adoption of the report. While joining in the ex- pression of regret at the departure of Mr Black- more, he was satisfied that his successor, Mr. Wil- liams, would do all in his power to advance the cause. Had they been loose in their discipline, ac- cepting all who chose to offer, their number might have been greater, but no children had been admit- ted who did not fully understand what they were doing, nor contrary to the wishes of their parents. He could testify to the fact that the meetings during the year had been well attended and instructive, in- deed it was evident that the Band of Hope is progress- ing very satisfactorily. The immense number of people present that evening spoke something of its ad- vancement; there were more people outside the chapel who could not obtain admittance than there were within. Mr. Colley expressed regret that there were so few working members on the com- mittee, and concluded with an assurance that the cause had his best wishes.——Mr. J. WILLIAMS moved, and Mr. R. CRAIG seconded—"That while we feel thankful for the success of this society since its formation, the visible effects of intemperance in Goulburn and its neighbourhood demand its utmost devotion and unwearied perseverance."——Mr. BAX- TER moved and Mr. W. WILLIAMS seconded— "That the following gentlemen do form the com- mittee with power to add to their number :—Revds. J. Watsford, W. Ross, W. Colley, Messrs. Bell, Butler, Brander, Townsend, G. Waring, W. Wil- liams, and J. J. Waddel ; R. Craig, president ; J. Williams, secretary and treasurer." LEICHHARDT.—Mr. J. S. Calvert, of Yass, who, it may be remembered, accompanied Dr. Leichhardt on his first expedition, writes to the Herald, strongly supporting the opinion that Leichhardt may still be in existence. He suggests the probability of the Doctor, after vainly attempting to penetrate to the westward, having struck off towards Port Essington, not knowing that the settlement was abandoned. The native blacks in that quarter were friendly on the former occasion, and no vessel, so far as is known, has visited Port Essington since Leichhardt started on his last expedition. OALLEN.—We understand that the parties digging for gold in the above locality have finally determined on fixing themselves there permanently, and have commenced cutting races, and taking all the steps necessary for a systematic working of their claims. They are, we believe, getting gold in such quantities as justifies this step. POLITICAL CORNER.—The materials of the house at the the junction of Auburn and Verner-streets, known as "Political Corner," were brought under the auctioneer's hammer on Wednesday last and the leveller's hammer on Thursday, so that but the ghost of our once celebrated debating corner is all that now remains to the town. The ground is re- quired for the erection of the new building for the Commercial Bank. Mr. Sibley became the purchaser, at £15, of the materials—doubly valuable, no doubt, in his eyes on account of the many pleasing remi- niscences associated therewith. MUNICIPALITY.—It will be seen, by advertisement, that a public meeting will be held at the Court house, on Monday evening next, to consider the propriety of extending the provisions of the Munici- palities' Act to Goulburn. The object is a very im- portant one, and well deserving of consideration. In our fourth page we publish a portion of the act, which we will complete in our next issue. AUCTIONEERS are reminded that Tuesday next is the day for hearing and deciding on their applica- tions, at the several Court Houses throughout the colony. SPURIOUS NOTES.—It is said that some parties at Braidwood have succeeded in passing off some fic- titious notes, and lest the same trick should be at- tempted elsewhere, we give the following description of them from the Observer :—They have the word "Australian" at the top, and underneath that word the figure of a sheep. They purport to be payable at the Royal Bank of Australia, Sydney, and are issued for "the Wool Company." They are not signed, nor yet numbered, nor have they any date affixed. MURRUMBIDGEE DISRICT.—Accounts from this quarter state that bounteous supplies of rain had fallen. The Murrumbidgee and the Lachlan were flooded, and all the country round about was abun- dantly supplied with water. The body of a man, name not given, formerly in the employment of Messrs. Phelps, of the Lachlan, as a wool-presser, had been found in the bush, where he had evidently committed suicide, by fastening a string to the trigger of a loaded gun, and discharging the weapon by means of a stick. The body was too far gone in a state of decomposition for any accurate opinion to be formed as to the locality of the death-wound. ROCKHAMPTON.—The steamer Tamar, and several sailing vessels, have arrived in Sydney, from Koppel Bay, since our last. No less than 556 return pas- sengers arrived in Port Jackson on Wednesday, but 490 of them were on their way to Melbourne. H.M.S. Iris, and the Victorian sloop Victoria (s.), were lying in Keppel Bay on the 12th instant, which is the date of the latest departure, and the captains of both vessels had been emulating each other in their anxiety to provide for cases of destitution, and to ship off such of the people as were unable to pay their way back. The captain of the Iris had just proceeded, with a party of surveyors, in the steamer Corio, to Broad Sound. Captain Loring refused permission for the Herald's correspondent to accom- pany the expedition. But few persons were digging, and those scarcely earning "their salt," while all hopes of any further gold discoveries in that locality appeared to be abandoned. Since the 29th of last month, 459 passengers had arrived, and 2222 taken their departure. Eight men have been committed to take their trials for uttering forged £5 notes of the Union Bank. Of the prisoners in charge of the police, two made their escape, but were tracked by the native police and recaptured. The population generally were orderly, and quietly awaiting their turns to get away from the place. GOLD FROM THE TUMUT.—By telegram received in town on Thursday, we learn that the amount of gold coming down by escort is 2027 ozs. 17 dwts. 9 grs. This shows a gratifying increase on the amount brought down on the last occasion. THE GUNDAROO MAIL.—The Government have provided for a mail from Gundaroo to Queanbeyan. This will be found to be a great convenience by re- sidents in both localities. At present, if a resident at Queanbeyan wishes to write to Gundaroo, a dis- tance of about 20 miles, his letter has first to come 60 miles to Goulburn, and then 40 more to Gun- daroo, in all 100 miles, and a corresponding loss of time takes place; but under the arrangements made for the ensuing year, direct communication will be established, and if the time table, which has yet to be determined on, be judiciously arranged, the bi- weekly mails from Queanbeyan via, Gundaroo to Goulburn, coupled with, the tri- weekly mail by the present route, will be equal to a communication five tunes a week with the latter town, and consequently with Sydney. We notice too that Mr. Hadwick, the contractor for the ensuing year, is now having built, by Mr. T. Williams, of Sloane-street, a mail-coach of far superior construction to any that hitherto has run to Gundaroo. It is capable of carrying six pas- sengers, and a corresponding amount of luggage and will be a very great convenience to parties at Collector, Gundaroo, and Queanbeyan. ROBBERY. — On the evening of Saturday last, between the hours of 8 and 11 o'clock, the tent of Mr. O. E. Bye, on the Reef, was feloniously entered, and several articles of value, together with £65 in bank notes, were stolen therefrom. The articles stolen consisted of one pair of new patent leather boots, one cask of blasting powder, and twenty five coils of fuses, and three new blankets, one of which was a patent. The notes stolen, were three £10, each of which bore Mr. Bye's signatuire, and £5. It may be as well to remark, that that there a few in- dividuals lurking about these diggings, who ap- parently make a living out of other people's hard earnings, themselves being being either unable or too lazy to work, and we should advise thle miners generally to keep a look out for these prowlers, who will most assuredly be pounced on some of these days, unawares. The thief or thieves who committed this act evidently knew the run of Mr. Bye's tent.—Adelong Mining Journal. 