i , (From the Northern Tlmeîr) !1 ' ' ' 1 i LIBÉRAI, POLTXIOAI, AMODIATION,--Oi> Tuesday'even- ing a meeting of the Northumberland Liberal Political Association was held at their Booms, the President in in the chair.'., The minutes bf the previous meeting were read and confirmed; and the secretary then laid before the meeting' the report 'of the committee appointed to frame rules for the Association. After some explanation from the members of the committee, that report, on the motion of. Mr. Chapman,' seconded by Mr. Bise, was adopted. A somewhat desultory discussion then toole place on several politics! subjects, and. reference was made to tho prejudice that .was said to exist in the minds of some persons against Mr. James Diakson for tho opinions ho expressed in the Assembly on Mr. Jamie son's Bill to impose a tax on tho Chinese, upon their arrival in this, oolony. It was generally held by the memberB,. that .Mr. Dickson's views were exactly in accordance with'those he expressed previous to his aleotion, whorl he said that he would not impose a tax on the Chinese until they arrived in numbers too great to befell controlled, seeing that at the nreBent time they contributed to the wealth of the colony by their gold digging pursuits, Sta. The'position of Mr. Cowper upon the'poll in the Sydney election was also dilated' upon, and several members suggested that the cause whioh led to his position as a leader of tho liberal party, should.¿ot as a warning to the Association not to bind its mombera to vote for mon who did not . undertake to carry out the objeots of tho Association in its integrity, the Land Leaguers'having pledged themselves not to ! vote for persons who would' not enrol themselves as members 'of the League, and advocate its principles. They thereby contributed to place Mr. Cowper in his position Bs'laHt .on the poll of .the four members, and to throw out two liberal candidates. The supposed olaims pf Mr. .Clark -irving ',to' represent tho counties of Northumberland.and Hunter were next introduced, and his conduct in Parliament oommented upon. It was generally held that the ocurso he pursued os an out- arid out supporter of the Donaldson-Parker administrations was such aa clearly"to disentitle him to the support of the; liberals. Several gentlemen expressed their deter- mination to oppose him, but particularly on the ground that, as a large squatter, and a very sei fleh one, it was affirmed that when the Parker administration, of which he was a supporter, introduced an Assessment Bill, he joined some, other large squatters, retired from the Assembly, and left the Ministers in the luroh. Ho also practised the.same oonduct towards the Cowper Ministry, and therefore, whatever bis professions might be, his political conduct, markod by shuffling and trimming, was not suoh as to commend bim to tho liberal eleotors of the'counties. The meeting then dispersed. (From the Maitland Mercury.) ' ELECTIONEERING INTELLIGENCE.-On Tuesday even- ing last, Messrs. Piddington and Scott addressed the electors of Northumberland and Hunter, at Mr. Greon's Hotel, Maitland Itoaù; Mr. J. Hannoll in the chair. The attendance was large, and the meeting unanimously approved of the conduct of Messrs. Piddington and Scott, by passing votes of confidence in them, and pledging themselves to uso thoir influence in securing the return of those two gentlemen. If Mr. White is a candidate for tho counties, he should lase no time in at once addressing the electors in this important part of the constituency. This duty becomes the more necessary from the gigantio exertion made in behalf of Mr. Irving. That gentleman's wealth is boundless; he is introduced here by men of wealth, and no expense will bo spared in scouring his return. In the late bouse tho counties may be said to have bad only one member, for Mr. Hely was always found on the opposite side to Messrs. Piddington*and Scott, and if Mr. Irving is returned in conjunction with the above gentlemen-the same result will follow. In the name of common sense, let the electors be consistent; if they approve of Piddington and Scott, they are bound to rejeot Mr. Irving, because they have Borne better guide than his present electioneering speeches- the past. If they approve of the latter, let them at once rojeat the former, and send in three men who will work together. * For the North-Eeastorn Boroughs, Mr. Vaughan has at length discovered his real position, and retired. Not the slightest doubt exists but that Br. Bowker will be returned without opposition. ' MEETING AT MORPETH.-On Wednesday evening a meeting of tho electors of Morpeth, was held at Mr. Can Tin's, the Globe Inn, for the purpose of hearing from Mr. Cheater an exposition of his politioal views. After wait- ing some time for the arrival of the candidate, it was resolved that Mr. Duncan Sim should take the ohair. Mr. TbomaB Butter WOB then introduced, who medea most original speeoh, and promised that if elected be would attend to his trade (shoemaker), during the doy, and. to his legislative duties by night. He promised to take the duty off spirits, and when asked which. side of tho house he would be found on, he said he would toss two penny pieces up to see. Mr. West proposed, and Mr. Biggs seconded him, as a fit and proper person, whioh was carried unanimously. MR. J. B. B. ROBERTSON.-This gentloman in a letter to the Mercury says: "I never had any wish to come forward for the representation of the Northum- berland Boroughs, and my name was mentioned at the meeting at Morpeth on the 18th instant, entirely with- out my sanction or concurrence." THE WOLLOMBI GHOST.-Not a little interest has been excited by the story of the ghost at Qunrribilong, whioh appeared some time ago in our columns, and not a few inquiries have been made as to the result of the search that it was understood was to ho made.. We can only say that the affair is still enveloped in mystery. Fifteen men were engaged for some time in digging into the bod of th» dry oreek pointed out by the ghost as tho, spot where the remains of its corporeal tenement lay bid. But as, although in ordinary seasons, the bed of this creek is dry, there is now a currant of water finding a passage below the surface-a result of the rains of last year-the search could not be carried out as far as was wished. The interest connected with the tale is main- tained, however, by the fact that a bone was found ; but doubts were expressed as to whether it was not the bone of a bullock, instead of a part of the remains of a human subject. We bear that the bone was to be subjected to the examination of a medical man, and that the searoh will be renewed at an early period. NEW BANK AT NEWCASTLE,-The foundation stone of a new building intended to be used as a bank by the Australasian Banking Company, was laid at Newcastle, on Wednesday evening last. The Btone was laid by W. Hislop, E>q., the oompany's manager in Maitland, the ourrent coins of tho realm being depositod beneath it. A number of ladies and gentlemon were in attendance. The contract for the new building has been taken by Mr. Goman, the contractor for tho now hank recently ereoted in East Maitland. The building, when com- pleted, is estimated to cost between Ü5000 and £6000. PORT OF NEWCASTLE.-A correspondent to the Mercury says:-Contrary to expectation and to justioe, and in open violation of an . express compact between the Government and the public the collection of the Hunter River tonnage duos has commenced without a single improvement, or an attempt at Improvement, having been as yet made at this port. The Colonial Seorotary has roplied to the representa- tions of the Chamber of Commerce hero on this breaeh of faith, that " the Government, soling under the advioe of the law offloerf, feel oompelled to dooline to interfere with the operation of the law." Justice thus booomes subordinate to " law," while tho measure which deolared tho intention of the Legislature on this subjeot, and whioh would have postponed the oolleotion of the dues, is defeated by an aooidont, the abrupt dissolution of Parliament having burked the bill, after it bad passed a second reading. The Excontive hove powor to suspend tho oolleotion, looking (or an indemnity (about the granting of whioh there oan be ho question) afterwards to Parliament, and the influence of our borough and county representatives, now about to bo elooted, will be sought for the purpose, and will, no doubt, be readily had. The aid of the representatives of the Northum- berland Boroughs, also interested, will, doubtless, also be obtained, and a common effort by these, and by the other members for the distrlot bordering on the Hunter, will scoure the attainment of justice. 