NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE. (From the Northern Times of Yesterday.) The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel was performed yesterday after- noon. The site of the building is at the rear of the chapel now in use, which will eventually be pulled down, and its space will be laid out in an ornamental manner. The new chapel will be 100 feet by 53 over all, and will, contain accommodation for 820 persons, without galleries, for which provision will be made if hereafter required. The contractors for the masonry are Messrs. Mack and Sherwood, and for the brickwork Mr. Wright, and the building will cost between £5000 and £6000. The ceremony attracted a large concourse of spec- tators, many of whom were ladies, and shortly, after four o'clook, everything being prepared, the Bev. Benjamin Chapman gave out the 620th hymn, which was sung by those assembled. At its close, the Rev. Mr. Buller offered up a prayer, and the Rev. J. G. Turner road the 46th Psalm, when Mr.Chapman presented a handsome silver trowel, to Alexander McArthur, Esq., of Sydney, as a memento of the pleasing occasion. He then placed in a cavity, which the foundation stone was in- tended to cover, a bottle containing a parchment on which were inscribed the names of the trustees of the building, the date of the ceremony, &c.;, and of which the following is a COPY. " This stone is laid by Alexander McArthur, Esquire, J.P., of Sydney, in the twenty-first year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir William Thomas Deni- son being Governor of this colony. " John Allen Manton, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference : Stephen Rabone, Chairman of the New South Wales District ; Benjamin Chapman, Josiah George Turner, and William Clarke, Ministers of the Maitland Circuit. "The building, of which this is the foundation stone, is to be a Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, 100 feet by 56 feet over all. " The following gentlemen are the Trustees, viz., Samuel Owen, Joseph Ede Pearce, William Currey, Joseph Youdale, John Falkiner, James Wolstenholme, Isaac Beckett, William Arnott, John Bowden, Henry Nanbarrow, Thomas Cooper, and Frederick Currey. "The Contractors are Mr. John Wright, and Messrs. Mack and Sherwood. " Wesleyan Methodism was introduced into Maitland in the year 1838. The Chapel which is to give place to the one of which the corner stone, is laid to-day, was built in the Centenary year of Methodism, 1839. The first resident Wesleyan Minister in Maitland'was the Reverend Jonathan Innes, who commenced his labours in the year 1840. The Conference of 1855 divided what was formerly the Hunter River Circuit into three cir- cuits, the two new outposts of Newcastle and Singleton. There are now in the Maitland circuit 10 local preachers, 34 class readers, and 385 members of the society. " 'And of Zion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her, and the Highest Himself shall establish it.' " BENJAMIN CHAPMAN, Sup. Min. " JOSEPH EDE PEARCE, Circuit Steward. " West Maitland, 5th January, 1858." At the conclusion, Mr. CHAPMAN added that one of their friends had added a postscript to it, to the effect that when it was deposited the thermometer was 101 degrees in the shade. He hoped that when that bottle was opened, their friends might, not find it so hot as they did. Mr. McARTHUR then placed the stone with the usual formalities, and said, " I lay this stone in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He said he should not be acting with kindness if he kept them many minutes under that scorching sun, but their respected ministers were kind enough to request him to be with them on that occasion. He had had the pleasure of being accompanied by their old and esteemed friends, the Rev. Messrs. Rabone and Buller, and one or two respected friends from Sydney. He must admit they had given them a warm reception, and although Maitland was not a favourite place of his in the summer months, he felt it would have been ungrateful in him to refuse the invitation he had received. Whatever he thought of the Maitland climate, he felt it an honour and a pride to be associated with them on that occasion. The work in which they were engaged was a very interesting and im- portant one, and would affect their wellbeing and future happiness. It was impossible to say what influences the services to be held in that chapel might exercise on the present inhabitants of Maitland, or upon thousands and tens of thousands yet unborn. They had laid the foundation of a house to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God : There his praises would be sung ; there prayer would be offered up continually unto Him who was the author, bearer, and answerer of prayer ; there the word of God would be faithfully proclaimed; there they would have prayer meetings, class meetings, love feasts, and missionary meetings, and he trusted they would ever feel the verification of that saying, "where two or three are gathered toge- ther, there am I in the midst of them." After some further allusion to the religious uses of the building, the speaker said there was another idea to which he thought he need not refer, and in doing so he should only give expression to the sentiments of Wesleyan Methodists, that they were not influenced by any feelings of hostility to any section of the Christian Church, but recognising themselves as a section of the great church universal, they were endeavouring to erect a building for the honour and glory of God, and for the comfort and convenience of those who were to worship therein. It was usual on such occasions to give a short address embodying the principles and doctrines held by the Methodists, but he thought this would be more satisfactorily done by some of the reverend gentlemen present, and ho would there- fore no longer occupy their time. Tho meeting then adjourned to the old chapel, where the Rev. Mr. Rabone delivered an address. A tea meeting was afterwards held in the old Bowling Saloon, opposite the Times office, and in the chapel, and in the evening several addresses were delivered by various gentlemen. 