CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF CHARLESTON: To tiie Editor of the New; York Free man's Journal.: Charleston. S. C March 14. 1858. This Sunday (14th instant), will be long remembered by the Catholics of. this city, and, we may add, by the citizens at large. To-day a Priest was raised' to the high dignity of suc cessor of the Apostles, and consecrated third Bishop of this Diocese. It was. tbe first time this solemn ceremony was witnessed in Charles ? ton ; and therefore, independent of the religious importance of the occasion, and the personal re gards of the numerous admirers pf the new Pre late, there was excited a wide- spread sensation and desire to be present It is now just three years and one week since tbe death of the late Bishop of Charleston. During this period the Diocese .has been under the charge of him who is ' now its Ordinary. The general satisfaction which his temporary administration has given, augurs well for his future success. The Right Rev. Dr. Lynch is from Cheraw, in this State, where his respected parents and family still reside. When quite a youth, at the suggestion, we believe, of Bishop England, he entered the Ecclesiastical Seminary of this Diocese. His natural talents and other quali ties determined the Bishop to send bim to the Propaganda in Rome, where he soon distin guished himself, and is still held in remembrance. He is acknowledged by his clergy 'fiere to be a profound and learned theologian ; and besides his professional attainments, he is recognized, by tbe entire community,- as one of the leading men of science in the State, and, we believe, enjoys a high reputation with scientific men throughout the Union. As a^man',- hVuriites a' dignity and courtesy of bearing which wins for him general esteem. Cairn and self-possessed, wo should say, that a person of his clear mind would seldom be betrayed into rash mistakes, and that he could easily command respect and obedience without pretending to exact it. Could the illustrious Prelate, who befriended bim in his youth, rise up and speak, we have no doubt but he would willingly consent that he should wield his crozier. As soon as the Bulls, conveying tbe appoint ment, arrived from Rome, there was a general desire that the consecration should tnke place in this city ; and on application being made by the vestry of the cathedral to the Archbishop of Bal timore, he kindly consented. Many expected your own illustrious Archbishop, also, to lend dignity to tbe occasion, and to instruct by his eloquence. We understand that he would have been present, only that be was prevented by previous engagements ; but to signify the esteem he bears the new Bishop, he presented him with n chair and pectoral cross, and the Episcopal ring worn by tbe great Spaniard, Cardinal Ximenes. At a quarter to 10 o'clock the procession of the Bishops and Clergy entered the Sanctuary. The Archbishop of Baltimore, the consecrating Bishop, came first, followed by his proper atten dants ; next the Bishop of Mobile, Senior. Bishop of the United States ; then came the Bishop of Richmond, and last, but not least, tbe Rt. Rev. John Barry, lately consecrated Bishop of Sa vannah. Then followed a long line of clergymen in cassock and surplice, whose names we could not well remember. The splendor of the mitres and vestments of the Archbishop and Bishops, and the array of clergymen, was a most imposing spectacle, and tbe immense congregation were evidently moved with pleasure and surprise. It is impossible for the writer to describe ade quately the solemn rites and ceremonies of the consecration of a Bishop. In looking over the explanation and translation of the ' Form of the consecration of a Bishop,' procured for the occasion, we are reminded that these ceremonies carry us back to the very1 origin of the Church — to the days of , the Apostles themselves. Christ, before he entrusted his church— clergy and people — to the care of his first -Apostle, required of him a declaration of Faith, and, again, of zeal for morals or charity. Tbe church still knows how to respect ancient- usagee-i-an' evidence of her stability and constancy — without becoming anti quated herself. ??'-. ?? '?.'?i«—7' -???- All things proceed in the most perfect order. First, the Apostolic commission, authorising the consecration, is read. Then the elect is questioned as to bis faith and morals, reminding us of the occurrence on the banks of the lake of Galilee. The elect is questioned whether he will teach us he ' understands the Scriptures,' whether ha will keep the 'traditions of the Fathers,' whether he will exhibit canonical obedience to the Sovereign Pontiff, the successor of St. Peter, whether, in his manners, he will be bumble, patient, and charitable; and having answered, that from ' bis heart he is willing to oboy,' he is then questioned as to his faith ; whether he believes in the Trinity, tbe Incarnation and Resurrection of our Saviour ; whether he believes in the Holy Ghost ; the Catholic Church, wherein is true Baptism ; the Resurrection of the Body, and that the same God is author of both Testa ments. Having answered that be does believe, the consecrator prays that Christ may increase his faith. The Mass then begins. The consecrator and assisting Bishops and clergy kneel, and the elect prostrates himself in humility before God, whilst the Litanies of the Saints are sung ; next the Bishops lay their hands on the head of the elect, sa)«ng, ' Receive the Holy Ghost.' Then a prayer is sung, setting forth the mystiijal meaning of tho Sacerdotal vestments. The hymn to the Holy Ghost — Vein Creator — is sung, and the head of the elect is unointed'and bound with linon, the consecrator praying that the ' chrism may plenteously flow over his whole person, so that the virtue of the Holy Spirit may fill bis in terior and cover his exterior.' Next the crozier . * For a practical illustration of their lyatcra of education, lee Appendix. is give n: to him, 'to correct vice, and cherish virtue ;' then the ring is given as a ' token of fidelity to the spouse of God — his Church ;' next the Gospels are given to him 'to preach to the people . committed to his charge.' The now Bishop receives the kiss of peace, and the Mass is. proceeded with as far as the Offertory. Then tho elect presents the mystical offerings of bread and wine, and a prayer is offered in bis behalf. The Mass proceeds as usual. After the Communion, the mitre is placed on the head of tbe consecrated, ' as the helmet of protection and salvation,' 'so that he may appear terrible to the adversary of truth.' Then the gloves are put on, 'so that this man, hnving offered,' with clean bands, ' the saving host, may deserve to obtain the blessing of thy grace.' The ring is then put on the .finger, over the glove, the crozier is placed in his band, and the consecrated, by the Archbishop on his right, and the Senior Bishop on his left, is led to his Episcopal chair, and is now, by the Grace of God and the appointment of the Holy See, with the consent of the Metropolitan and Suffragan, to the joy of the people, ' Patrick, Bishop of Charleston.' , The choir pours forth in bold tones the Te Deum, the hymn of thanksgiving. We congratulate Charleston on its new Bishop. Not to interrupt the order of the ceremonies, we have deferred noticing the sermon till now. Immediately after the Gospel in the Mass, the Right Rev. Bishop M'Gill* ascended the pulpit, and preached for one hour on the form and con stitution of. the Church. From any comment on., this well-reasoned discourse we must abstain, as we are unable to send you even a meagre outline. Doubtless you will find it reported or noticed in the Charleston papers. As tbe Right Rev. preacher ascended the pulpit, be must have been struck by the splendid audience before bim. It was the. first time a Bishop was consecrated in this city, and the ceremony, therefore, had a deep religious importance to many, and interest to all. Several came even from a distance to behold it. During the week, tickets were issued to the number the cathedral could accommodate, and the most earnest desire was manifested to procure one. It is not in good taste to bestow tbe ordi nary compliments on a congregation assembled in church, but we mny safely say that the wealth, and learning, and refinement of Charleston were fully represented. It was as splendid an ahdience as any speaker need wish to address. During the entire ceremonies and sermon, the audience were most regular and attentive. 