fflx% Jugular & Araniuq^Bt ||tytfs. Q^verimatqw deems, euro etrogo,etomnisinliocsum. ~~ WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1858~ By the arrival of the Memphis we are placed in possession of English news to 20th August, and, although only four days later than by the mail, yet, as some of the intel ligence may be of interest, we devote the space 'at our command to extracts from the only paper in our possession, the Hull Packet, removing other local matter. The Queen was still in Germany, and met with a most gratifying reception, She was expected to return about the 31st August. The Atlantic Telegraph was at work, as will be perceived from the message received by the Times, and which we have ex tracted. The treatment of the insane in private asylums is occupying much attention. The Hon. Capt. Yelverton, of the Royal Artillery, had been arrested on a charge of bigamy. The Kilkenny riots had been suppressed, and some of the rioters punished. There is much discussion upon the prac tice of auricular confession, introduced by some Puseyite clergymen, who have availed themselves of the opportunity to use dis gusting language to females. It is not unlikely that this question will create much excitement before it is decided. PRUSSIA. THE ANTICIPATED ABDICATION. The Elberfeidt Gazette alludes to a re port credited at Berlin, that the Sing would resume the reins of government on the 1st October, but that on the 10th he will so lemnly abdicate in favour of the Prince. ' Atrocities' 0Cgt&STi;&iB; ? iHi*^|Pm|w subjected, and i^ys that they fully equal in horror the excesses committed by the i&diaa; Sepoys. On the other hand letters from Vienna cf the 15th, state that Prince Eal limake has declared that the Porte cannot leave the Montenegrins unpunished lor re cent acts of cruelty of which they bark been guilty towards the Turks. A Wretched Cargo. — The Edwin Fox, convict ship, Captain Ferguson, Superin tendent Surgeon Donnelly, arrived at Spit' head on Sunday night, ten p.m., from the Thames, for Portland, Plymouth, and thence to Fremantle, Western Australia. She had * on board the Rev. W. Beresford, whose trial for forgery, and consequent transpor tation for life, occupied so large a share of public attention at the time. She also takes out the notorious Robson, Redpath, and Tester. — Times. Murder of a Physician.— A strange aflair has occurred at Constantinople.-^^, resident physician, Dr Zalloni, an AustrknV was called in to prescribe for the favourite wife of a great Turkish personage, and on questioning her in the harem he found she was suffering from an inflammation of the bowels. He slightly touched with his fin ger the part affected; on which, a 'eunuch, who was in attendance, ministerpreting the act, rushed on him, knocked him down, and beat him until he was half dead. The wo man's husband hearing lite noise, hurried in, and being told what had taken place, stabbed the physician in the thigh with a dagger. The blow was so violent that the weapon broke. The wounded physician, bathed in blood, was removed to the street and left to get home as well as he could. Dr Zalioni, a few days after, died of the injuries which he had received. The Court. — According to the present arrangement her Majesty, the Prince Con sort, and suite will return from the Conti nent on the 3 1st instant. The Queen will then take up her abode at Osborne, where the Court will remain until her Majesty, the Prince Consort, and the Royal family and suite take their departure for Leeds on the 6th of September, on their way to Scotland. The Court will return from Scotland and arrive at Windsor Castle by the 15th of October. Prince Alfred's establishment at Alver bank will be broken up in about a fortnight or three weeks, and Ids Royal Highness will take bis departure for Bonn. Profes fessional matters connected with the young Prince's naval examination prevented bis Royal Highness leaving this country with the Queen, .but we believe everything is now definitely arranged, and Alverbank will, be given up at the time we have spe cified. — Court Journal. The Duke of Cambridge is suffering from an attack of gout. Mr Cunard, the Nestor of trans- Atlantic navigation, has offered to place vessels on the Ifne, which will bring British Columbia within 35 days steam from Liverpool. Depasture of General. Williams to North America. — General Williams of Ears, who is a native of Nova Scotia, sailed from Liverpool for Boston, in the mail steamer Canada, on Saturday last. A Military Force For British Columbia. — We understand that it is the intention of Government to send out forth with to British Columbia a force of Royal Engineers, provided with everything neces sary for Hie formation' of roads and bridges to open up the resources of the colony, and to erect block -houses for the reception and safe custody of the gold which may be disposed of by the miners, and at the same time to form an organised military force for the maintenance of law and order. — Times. THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH. The following letter, addressed to the editor of the Times, appeared in the second edition of that Journal on Tuesday: Sir, — I have the pleasure to inform yon that the line from Yalentia to Newfound* land is now working satisfactorily both ways. The following message was des patched yesterday evening from the diiectors in England to the directors in America: — 'Europe and America are united by telegraph. Glory to God in the highest; on earth peace, goodwill toward men.' This message, including die addresses of senders and receivers, occupied 35 minutes, in transmission, and consisted of 31 words. Immediately afterwards, a message from her Majesty the Queen to His Excellency the President of the United States, con sisting of 99 words, was received by* Newfoundland in 67 minutes. Both messages were repeated back to Yalentia to test their accuracy, and were found to have been taken with great exactness. Of course, unless permission w.ere given, the contents of her Majesty's despatch cannot be made public. This morning we have the following message, the last 38 words of which were received in 22 minutes, from Mr Cyrus W. Field, who is at Newfoundland.* — , 'Cyrus W. Field, Newfoundland, to directors Atlantic Telegraph Company, London — Newfoundland, Monday. — En- tered Trinity Bay noon of the 5th. Landed cable on the 6th. On Thursday morning ship at once to St. John's. Two mOes of shore cable, with end ready for splicing^ ' When was cable landed at Valetotia? Answer by telegraph, and forward by letters to New York.' It will thus be seen tbat the line is bow capable of being worked with perfect ac curacy, and the company will now proceeA as rapidly as is consistent with the establish ment of a proper system, to make the necessary arrangements for opening the communication to the public, in doing which, however, some delay must necessarily occur. — Yours truly, George Sawahiv Secretary and Mniugji Chief Office, 22, Old Broad- sUeet, London. The evening journals state that ^^fol lowing message was received yesterday morning from Valentia:— 'We are now receiving from Newfoundland accurately, with perfect -signals, at the rate of 100 words per hour.' . ' -; The principal houses in the city of London, connected with, the Eastern trade, Jbave prepared a petition, praying that the Queen's advisees would affor-l Sir J, Brooke fiuch support a.a will enable him to hold his position on the north- we stern coast of Borneo. The ' Gkeat Eastkrh.': — It would be something little short of a national disgrace if this magnificent specimen of naval archi tecture passed out of the possession of this country; and it will be a disgrace equally * to the English name if funds be not found to fit her out for sea without any further difficulty. A national subscription would be the most obvious means of affecting the latter object; and in the event of the com bination now on foot for the- purpose turning out a failure, to that end must it come at last. Should a war ever take place with France, the 'Great Eastern' alone would be sufficient to neutralize Cherbourg, and sweep the channel clear of all hostile fleets. This should never be forgotten. — Observer. Sir J. Lawrence. — We are enabled to state that Sir John Lawrence will not leave his post in India until the tranquillity of the country is restored, though he is most anxious to return to England, and though, but for the insurrection, he would have returned last winter. It is in contemplation of his return, which is so far contingent, that the offer of a place in the Council will be made him, conditional on his ability to accept it, and with the option of his re taining or resigning it if he should hereafter desire to resume his present post in India. — Times. BOMBARDMENT OF JEDDAH. Malta, Aug. 18. ' The Cyclops arrived at Suez yesterday, reporting that on her arrival at Jeddah, a despatch had been sent to the Kamikan Pacha, who was absent, giving him thirty six hours' time to punish the insurgents. Forty hours elapsed and no answer being returned, we commenced hombarding the town, and continued to do so for three days, at intervals, at the expiration of which Manie Pacha went on board the Cyclops, assured the Captain that the culprits were condemned, and that he only waited orders from Constantinople to execute them. - This communication did not prevent the bombardment continuing, until Ishmael Pacha, the commissioner, arrived from Constantinople, and caused eleven of the insurgents to be immediately hung, in the presence of all the shipping and the others to be sent to Constantinople for trial. ' Many country vessels were destroyed during the bombardment. ' The fleet left Malta this morning.' MAHOMETAN FANATICISM. The Bey rout correspondent of the Daily Net-;s says there is a subject which has gradually forced itself upon the attention of all European residents in Turkey — I mean the return to their ancient bigotry, and their hatred of Christianity, of all those who profess Mahometanism. In this part of Syria, where Christians are in a very decided majority over Mussulmans, we do not perceive it so much; but even here — more especially among the Osmanli Turks, who come from Constantinople or Smyrna in government employment — we see day by day that the followers of the Prophet withdraw themselves more and more from all intercourse with either Christians or others, and blame openly those of theicown creed who formerly made it fashionable to break down the wall of separation. This is not amove which can date further back than two years ago ; and many of the more intelligent Turks, whilst lamenting that it should ever have arisen, do nevertheless admit that it is on the increase, and that it will soon be as rare as it was thirty years ago to see a Mussulman on good or friendly terms with any one who does not believe in the Koran. There is also an evident uneasy restless spirit visible amongst the lower orders of this creed, and a looking forward amongst them to a day when they can take up the sword against all unbe lievers. In Syria — or in this part of it at any rate — the Christian population so greatly outnumbers the Mussulman, that there is nothing to be afraid of; but I have more than once heard it hinted — and this, too, by men not at all given to believe in ghosts — that it would not be surprising if some day a very general rising of Mahome tans was to take place all over Turkey. Although anything but an alarmist, I would strongly advise more than the usual number of men-of-war to be kept in these seas, for it would need but the slightest spark to light a flame of fanaticism in Turkey and Asia Minor, to which the horrors of the Indian mutiny would be ? as nothing. The advice is disinterested, for, as I said before, in Syria we have nothing to fear, being surrounded by an armed Christian po pulation. A correspondence from Alexandria, dated the 4th inst., has the following passage: — ' England affects great calmness in pre Eence of the events at Jeddah and of the fears to which they have given rise; but the man-of-war Pincess Royal, now here, seems preparing for a long stay; she is landing part of her guns in order to be able to enter the port. She has on board 900 soldiers.' ALLIED EXPEDITION AGAINST MADAGASCAR. The Paris Conferences. — The Times* Paris correspondent mentions the proba bility of an expedition being undertaken against Madagascar, by the united forces of England and France to punish the inhabi tants for their cruelty. The same authority states that the con ference will sign the convention to-day. AUSTRIA. A conspiracy was discovered some time 6iuce at Lemberg, the capital of Austrian Gallieia. It originated in one of the schools there, most of the conspirators being from twelve to fifteen years of age. Eleven of them have been tried and sentenced— one to death, and the others to various terms of imprisonmeat. In passing sentence, the judges themselves recommended them to j mercy on account of their extreme youth, i The investigation is said to have put the government on . the track of a more formi dable conspiracy, with ramifications in Russian Poland, with a view to a general rising' of all the Sclavonic population of Austria to form a republic which vvouid comprise some 9,000,000 of inhabitants. SPAIN. O'Donnell has fallen ill. The ministeriaf organs say that more than 30,000 electors were on the list ille gally before the revision. The Discussion recommends the government to make war on the Riff pirates, and says the conquest of part of Moroco, which is remarkably fertile, would be very easy. 