?J'<??*???? :- '? Tj/tBOTJBa I : [»BOM TIIE-SRECXil. OOBUEBPOirD«« «F 'IIW TOI*.] I People say that tbe rebellion. is-dying < . .They expect every day news that Ghra-Kia Foo is retaken -by the Imperialists, and < nions are strong that Nankin will not long h out. ' This, if true, is very important news Í us, for it clears ithé Yang-tse-Kiang and Imperial\Canal, where bur operations both " war and commerce.were niost likely to be cc plicated .by ; tho presence ,of'these insurgei I believe the news to be correct to a .-cert '. extent, and; iii à certain sense. . , If the rebel! be not wearing out, it is shifting.;>; Chin-Kid: , Foo and Nankin"'are "consumed. ' The >loo has eaten every leaf, .and must, take anotl flight br die. .Wait';awhile, all will co: ? right-ten. years, perhaps;" has : always be the Chinese view, and they think the time I now near. '; They have tooted; this robellu 1 áñd fihd:it hBÁ'J-tíoi''robáÚ'''-'Thé'\o}d}Cbüit , /amities do "not .join -in it, tho merchai ? liave' - .no '^confidence in it, no litera "except onè -degraded graduate, has 3 I goño over. Therefore, they' think 1 will never be more than an excuse for bri gail ; age; :and .,that, it will ¡always' be local ;ai transitory. .'This is'the opinion of the Chine ; hereabouts;; and, as' we' are within -SOO miles the seat of rebel Government, their opinio deserve some attention. I question, howevt : wjiethor they ; know much of what is passing .'tlie 'southV .* * While at this village, M ; Hung, "I fell in with a,.Chinese physician, wi . had escaped from Nankin 'when it-fell i-ato tl '. hands of .the rebels.' He .was the first specim't ; of a; Chinese gentleman I had seen.. Tl villages in this neighbourhood contain" mai fugitives from the rebel districts. The Gover ment lodges thom in the temples,' and allo\ -them thirty cash .(about 3d.) a idoy, wherewit at the present prices, they cannot buy even sufficiency of rice. Of course disease is .cot mon among them, and this benevolent o' gentleman devotes himself to their care. K came on board my - boat, and we had a Ion chat. He insists that the key of tho Yank-ts Kiang, Chtn-Kiang, has been recovered by tl Imperialists ; for his friends at Soo- choo ha\ -written to him to say so. I doubt this, ho\ over, /or if this decisive event had happene the Government would certainly have ai "" nounced it at Shanghai. His view is that th rebellion is dying out. He says the locusts ha\ .destroyed it, having especially, come upon thos provinces where the rebels hold their swa; He does- not rest his expectation upon th' Imperial armies, for he says the rebels ai robbers and murderers, accustomed to eyei artifice, and adepts in all villany. All the loyi people can do is to hem the conflagrado round and wait till it burns out. These ar the opinions of a well-informed Chinese gentle "man, who has seen much more of these rebel ., than the Europeans who haye written upon th subject. About forty-eight hours is the longes period that any European has been amonj them, and they have never invited any close intercourse. Mr. Edkins interpreted for m< these sayings of my Chinese acquaintance wit! no great satisfaction. The missionaries stil hang their hopo upon this rebel cause. The facts. aro-unpromising.. , but still they hope Devastation, and bloodshed track the course 0 these insurgents. wherever thoy go, but these ore only necessary incidents of civil war. Tint ruin of those publia works which are tb Chins what their dams are tb the Dutch mark where these rebels are, and whera they have been. Still more widely-extended ruin follows upon the exhaustion of the Imperial Treasury. The two great rivers, no : longer restrained by the great artificial embankments; now suffered to decay, are altering their courses, and devastating tracts as large as European .kingdoms. Perhaps a man whose fervid religious zeal is akin to that which ani- mated Joshua or Gideon may seo in all this but the will of God working to a great end, but the religious facts are not- encouraging. The nominal head of the movement, claimed as a' missionary convert, has sought no communi- cation with any Christian teacher. He boasts himself the Sovereign of tho whole Earth, calls himself the younger brother of Jesus Christ, and claims to have constant personal inter- course with the Almighty. ííis second in command, tho King of the East, blasphe- mously styled himself the Holy Ghost ;. but he has been slain in internecine conflict, and tho great leader, orx his counsellors, proved'their vigour and their Christinn humanity by butcher- ing two thousand bf his adherents in cold blood. This does not look like a hopeful re- sult of a missionary conversion, nor. does it give much promise of temporal success to the insurrectionary movement. But then these reformers put . to death the "idolaters," whether they call themselves the ? priests of Buddha, or the missionaries bf the Pope ; they forbid opium-smoking undor pain of death, and tobacco-smoking under pain of blows ; they appear to have road, although they have mis- interpreted, the sacred books which the mis- sionaries distributo. Amid the outpourings of blood, in famine and pestilence, in the wrack of all tho physical good which anti- quity has wrought, our missionaries think they seo a hope for the religion of the Bible. We must not expect from men whose xoalsonds them forth among tho heathen a sober and chastened faith ; but, with all allow- ance for their strongly militant position, it is hard to understand how so faint and indefinite a hope can blind their eyes and deafen thoir ears to tho material woes which this rébellion has produced. Yet we have men hore who have gone among thom in the same spirit as Samuel went to Saul, and who havo produced scandal «von among their own body by urging their ruffians to go forth and kill. Mr. Edkins is a man of very different spirit to such as these. Upon tho testimony of tho linguists of Paris and of tho Chineso hore I know him to bo one of the greatest of Chineso scholars, and from my own intercourse with him I can say that he is fairly read in the sciences and well acquainted with Western literature. He has undertaken tho task pf showing tho Chinese that wo huvo a literature, nnd thus disabusing them ofthat contempt which extends itsolf to our faith.- His -American coadjutor, Dr. Maogowan, undortnkes to instruct thoir gradu- ates in the mysteries of tho oleotric tologrnph, and' their pilots in tho law of storms. ? Missionary labours thus directed must result in , good. Your medical missionaries, such as Dr. ?Lockhart and Dr, Parker, command tho grati- tude and goodwill of tho peoplo. Men of loaming, Uko Mr. Edkins and Dr. Maogowan, gradually oompol tho respect of tho literati. Those mon aro ploughing in .a soil in expecta- tion of a Boodtlmo whioh is not yet. To tho . int8HlDnaiy Boolptios of England nnd America I .?wou\á'ua»y;h£*Uibl'-'/tryid¡ artes-ighornnt.,jde claimers In had Chineso havo no 8uoaoBa"ih China. Thoir preaching is foolishness In moro' than the Apostolic jonie.;, but thia practici and conceited people only jeer and blasphenr Yet I have found even the higher class of rai sionaries hoping against, hope that the rebel may succeed, and that they may turn out to b Christians. I have objected tb them the mat« rial miseries the insurrection has caused ; the have quoted against rae ' Mr. Cousin's defenc of war, wliich is no other than that war is ii itself a good, and that the abridgement o longevity . is - not necessarily an evil. Whei I reply that '- . this is all that could bi best , said by ah ." infidel philosophe; against, a! certain article in the Decalogue they have replied that,'notwithstanding thii commandment, .the Israelites were- enjoineo' to exterminate the Canaanites. : I reply that tc [ establish an analogy between tho eases it will be I necessary to admit Taéping-wang's pretensions to direct . personal intercourse' with God the Father. No missionary is prepared for th'13 admission, and our argument. closes. With these men it is a hope and a sympathy which they .cannot but feel acid cannot justify. With some others it is a truculent spirit'of partisan- ship embittered not a little .by envy and hatred of the -merchants. I know no more of' the rebels than others who write about them do that is, 1 know very little indeed ;. but, having talked the matter .over daily ; and in , all , societies for - the last two months, I know pretty well what the views of tho officials, merchants, and' missionaries are upon the Bubject. : Meanwhile, my Chinese guest is sipping his tea, looking through ^ny opera-glass, and -condoling with me upon myl sad condition in not being able to understand Chinese. I hope I omitted no point of cere- monial with him. When he begged to present me with his spectacle^ which I had affected td admire, and. pressed them upon me with as much earnestness and sincerity as à Downing street secretary assures you he' is your' most' obedient, humble servant. I declined the gift: according to Chinese forms, but, I confess, I could not prevail upon myself to offer him my opera-glass. Human nature is weak, and the Chins gentleman's admiration was evidently very strong. We parted with s hundred chin chins, 