THE COMMEMORATION FESTIVAL. It will be remembered that the unexpected rain which poured down ou the 2Sl!i December, aud which, by its inlet fcreuce with vhe festival prepaied in commemora* tlon of the foaudatiou of the colony, gave new strength to theold proverb .'The best-laid Fchcroes o* mice and men Uang-arisglfj" had the effecf. oi p st- osvnc thr affixing of the engraved plnie to the "Old Gn:s»'T:-»..".;" till some future time. That time arrived ycstciUuy, 5 o'clock in the alier rioou b.-iug tnc hoar "at which H s Eseel Icncy the Governor- in^Chief had notified his desiie to perform the ceremony. No public notice was given oi this till yesterday mommg, and the weather, so to speak, vas taken quite aback. It had toeeu so fine up to that moment that it could nor, v/ith any propriety, break off into a sudden storm on purpose, so it went ou shining gloriously throughout the day. Punctually at the hour appointed "His Excellency and L?-dy Mac-Doimell, atteudsd by numerous ladies and gentlemen-a.nougst whom shone conspicuously four or five Commissariat officers in ihcir brilliant uniforms of blue and &old-arrived; on the ground. There were then about 20<> spec;a?ors preseut, many of whom were en horseback or in vehicles. As li s Exc-rllcucy as-rived the Royal Standard, which had been previously lowered, flung out its broad foids over the "Old Gum-Tree," and a brass band struck up a stirring strain oi" music. His Excellency ateeuded the platform which was erccted at the side of the tree, attended by the Hon. J. H. l isher, the Horn J. Morphea, Air. is. Wright, the Mayor of Gleucl:r,aud Mr. Hector. The latter gentle man pr< scutcd thj liile-deeds of the land on which the tree sato«>d to the Mayor of Gtenelg. He said he had no doubt that the Corporation would faithfully preserve that tree of liberty, and the spot of ground on which it stood, as manorial* of the foundiuff of this colony. He hoped that many glorious commemorations of this event would be held ou the same spot, aud when the tree had fallen to decay aud was crumbled in the dust he trusted that South Australia would still ru.i the earner of progress upon whi<:h it had entered and was now pursuing. (I-oud chccrs.) The MAYOR ol Glbnelg received the deeds, and re marked thai he had no doubt- but that; the present and future Corporations of the town wouid thoroughly fuilil the trust icposed in them. Mr. Fish-EK rceelvcd the plafe wrh the inscription on the part of the colonists at latge, for whom on tbis occa sion he had, with great pride to himself, been taken as the mouthpiixc, tnd he would without comment request His Excelieucy the Goveruor-ia-Chie! to affix the plate to the tree. He was sure that he expressed the feeling of the noloaist* at lar^e when lie said that the more firmly His Excellency attached the piate to tbe tree, the irore firmly would be be regarded as being attached to South Australia. (Cheers.j ills Excelixncv would take the liberty to remsrk, that however agreeable it was to him that this pleasant duty >h"U»d occur during his administration, he felt that there was otic ack iu co-'Ucction vruh it, and that was, the fact that the ceremony did not take place on the auniversarv day. He could not but feel that he Wa6 guilty of an anachrouis .* iw affixing a plate on the 26th of February which purported iur.s inscription tohsve beeu affixed on the 2Sih De ember. (Laughter). He could assure tliem that although he dia not possess the privilege of being an old colonist, he shared the hopes which had been express At and he felt, as every one knew who was acquainted with him, a ucep and iiucfre interest ia tlie welfare of this colony. (Cheers). He felt, as Mr. Fisher had remarked, that thj fixing of this plate firmly was a symbol of his attachment to the colony-an attachment which he should carry with him wherever he weut. (Cheers.) He would con clude by wishing them all prosperity and Happiness, and | he hoped that the plate might Jong- remain a souvenir of i himself, as well as a record of Lhe foundation of the colooy. I (Loud cheer*.) His Kxcellency then screwed, with many a sturdy twist, the bjlt whl h held the plate, the screw being tixed on the platform side, whilst the plate was held ou the opposite side by Mr. V. Hodges, who, on a lad der, had carried it up to its place. Tbe plate itself is a my tasteless arid unsuitable one. It is an awkward angular thing, consisting of a picee of metal, about two le^t and a half by one and a hair, fastened to a mahogany board. TUe inscription is sprawled cut all over it without the remotest attempt' at design, and this f astened in the centre of the grace fully-curved arch that supports it, and above and below the bod; of which it sticks out half a foot each way, is about as much in keeping as an electioneering placard wvuld be stuck upon one of the marble pillars of the Coliseum. This may be no fault of the en graver's, still it is a fault, that might have been avoided without any additional cost. With regard to the tree it self theie were warm disputes going on as to whether this was the real patriarch under wiiich the proclamation was read. But that is a point in reference to which .' Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to be wise." Besides, there is nothing but what may be doubted. There are writers who have proved that the woiks of Shakspeare were written by various anou^mous writers, aud that the perstiiage whom we know as Napolp.rU fiouaparfc never lived. The following its the inscription of the plate:-"On this spot, on the 28th December, 1836, the Colony of South Australia was proclaimed aud established as a province by Captain John Hindinarsh, R.N., the Governor thereof, acting in the name and on behalf of His Majesty King William IV., in the presence of the chief officers of the Government and other colonists. On the 28th December, 1857, the record of the above fact was here publicly affixed by Sir R. G. Mac Donnell, Knight, CB., Governor-in-Chief of the Province, in the presence of the assembled colonists, to commemorate lhe event of the colony attaining its 2lst year, and to testify their feelings a day of public rejoicing.-GOD Save the QUEEN ." As soon as the ceremony was completed, rouuds or cheers were given for Her Maje»ty, for the Governor, for the old colouists, and for Lady MacDon 1L The assemblage then separated; some to picnic-provision for which was made iu an adjacent section--some to their homes, and others to ubey au invitation somewhat like Ariel's " Cerac unto these reilow sands i Aud there joiu hands." I If OYEL STEREOSCOPIC SUBJECT.-The Lon don Stereoscopic Company lmve, at the sugges tion of Sir David Brewster, produced an exceedingly picturesque and effective group, consisting of a party of gamblers disturbed by tbe appearance of a ghost. The spiritual mani festation is admirably contrived, being com pletely transparent, and proportionately un earthly iu its general characteristics. 