THE GH0.5T AT BOLTON' ROYDK. By Mortimkii Collins, ? There's no doubt the house is haunted : wall I '11 ffo and live there truly ; ... In the dreary nights of wititor nothing cheers one like '.a ghost. ' ? . . 1 . Bicre is plenty of amusement in tho sultry days of July, When the nnuer of Apollo almost turns us Into toast.' Thus said Everard Ljralue to his stately sister Annie, Who to hear his queer decision scoai'd by no means over Joy'd; . ' ' Fraifrant were her chosnut tresses with Piess's Frangipanni They were, talking of the mansion to be let at Button R jydo ' It M a plcisrmt ancient mansbn: in York 'country nathins finer is: Black oak are all tho wain^catinsrs— white marble all the ? ; fbors— . 'i ' ? It lias rookeries, and heronrie*, and II iheries, and pineries - White peacocks'on the terraces— a real ghoit indoors. ' And as Christinas Harry Middlomist will come and fill -with laughter ?' ? ? Tho quahit old carvon corridors und sunny southern room? : Oar joyous hurly-burly will shako every ancient rafter— His Hashing witwill chatc away your fantasies and gloumi.' I Harry Middlcmifit the S.-ixon was a poet and a novelist. Whoso it was liku a rapier from the sultry Tagus' brink ; I (The very m 111 to cut three down, O borrower, who grovelle.it, Or Rail, who iii the luweat depths of b.-.thos lov'at to sink.) Tull, agile, lmel.eycd, full of dignity, yet Ii33omi Fullof quiet oiltn resolve, not unsoftencd into irrace— With lips both stern aud loving— so a maiden well might \- ki.ss-'em, ' ? ' Or an eneuiy turn craven when ho looked upon his faoc. And that Christinas, sure chough, when, tho holidays began, he Lett the turmoil uud tho. tumult wherewith London is an nny'd, . .'.' . , On a visit to Lorainc and his stately sister Anulo, By coach ; for railway never cimo noar tq Boltnn Royde. 1'rarcU'd tin-ought the icy moonlight, all a bitter night of ivintar. - , ? ? On the box, -beiide a coachman of considerable nous : Glad onough to cat hU) breakfest by the Yule-log's blazing splinter - ? -. ' ... Fiery havoc made Hal JItddlcmist on dovllled bones and grouse. And the perfume of the Mocha, an'rthe chamber's curtaln'd crimson, . . Made him joyous— as did Annie's laughing lips and dusky eyes : ? '? 1 And his wit arose and sparkled, as tho foamy bubble swims on ) Viutairc of Alo.iellc's s\7eet river when the sudden wine-cork I flies. . Humor of our humorous London— chaff of Chepe and wit of ' Charing - For his rustic friends Hal Middhjmlst did joyously cxhtimo. Of the ghost they spake, QuodKvcrard, 'You 're spectical and during :? ? ? . Do I promise you a quiet nestle in the haunted room.' And he told.his friend the storv— Uow it was a lady-apectre, ' \Vliotn her husband's mother poison'd in her blushful bridal ' priino — ; , ,- 1 i - . How the landlord sdld that Christmas was the season to ex? . licet her. .;?.'? - - - ' ?? ' ' - ? ', For she drank the pruaslc acid at tho year's most festal time.' i'I hope she is, as pretty as:tho lady-witch in CrisUbe'l ' : (Not Mr Gerald Mtusey's, hutinunortal S. T. C,'s), . Then a night at Bolton Royde wcl-e teinpatiflti irresistible.' I (Said Harry, as they smoked cigars beneath the terrade trcos. 1 Twas an hour or two past midnight, and the murky sky was . starless, . . ..?-.' When Hal iMiddlemist sat down be3ido tho haunted chamber fire, ? ? . , : In his ample Turkish, dressing-gown and ciftan— not cigarless, Looking cosy and grotesque in magnificent attire. Iu the ancient dusky liipwtry a hunting sceno was woven, Where a. wild boar, dying grimly, fought the hounds upon the wold — . On the ceiling war was painted, and a warrior helmet-cloven i ISecmed to see his lonely children, us bis hero-blood grew cold. There the poet puffed and mused, all hia senses in a simmer. While tho stjrm about the turrets made a ftrango unearthly hound, — ' ?? ? . ! While the logs upon tho hearth threw a ghastly ghastly glimmer O'er the scenes of.war and peril on the tapestry around. Suddenly a rustling footfall scorned to wake the outer cor ridor— . ? ?Suddenly is ceased, aud fingers oa the chamber latch were set— ' . ? Arid a stadoly maiden euter'd (what thomischief could bo hor rider?). ' ' , Looking beautifully awful in a suowy ehemisotte. Was he frightened.' \Vhy,;the fact is, ho had somewhat lately meta Case in print, which in its nature of the present oaao par ' . ' took; . . - ? ? He had road,1 as a reviewer, Edwin Arnold's Violetta— Only thing a fellow cn/i road in that poet's little book. narry know the apparitlonfor the street and stately Annie, Walkinir in her haunted slumbers— wandering 'on Dreum hind's coast : If. ho had not known the lady, he'd have known the Franjjl panni, ' : Perfume utteily unlikely to accompany a ghost. So he sat in uttdr stillness — though his poet-heart was yearning ... ???-,. ' ? - To embrace the parfect creature whom on earth he loved the bost ; ' ? ' ' ' ' (Still hi sat, while dows the corridor her tiny foot returning, Made sweet mtijic as she passed to her mystic maidun nest. .-.-.'? fihnll I toll how on the morrow Harry MiddlemUt's ghost-story -Something very like a love-tale lo the mai Ion's bearing bore - Yu may gticss it.- Ere the Yorkshire wild» again with sriow .wcre'houry' -L ?; . . , Annie wore a golden fetter— she must wander never more 