ANNIYEBSABY OF THE GAWXEB INSTITUTE. The eonccrt in connection with the celebration of the anniversary was held on Friday evening, October 16, In * large unoccupied etore belonging' to Mr. Martin, conve niently situated In the centre of the town, the building being- fitted op for the occasion ia a very tastefal ana commodious manner. The audience, which, numbered upwards 01 400, assembled at halr-past 7, and the performance com menced at 8 o'clock with an overture upon the piano by Mr, Phillips, of Adelaide. . The proceedings of the evening, which it will be seen were not confined exclusively to those connected with a musical entertainment, were introduced by the President of the Institute, Mr. B» J. Turner, the Mayor of Gawler. " His Worship, to a brief address, congratulated hie fellow-townsmen on the sn.ceas of an Institution which was so well calculated to benefit their thriving township, and which he hoped he might venture to contemplate as rapidly rising into the position of an hereafter important city of the Southern Hemisphere. (Cheers.) The original scheme of 1351 had not been strictly carried out; inas much as that contemplated more exclusively those scientific studies and pursuits whose practical tendency was of a strictly utilitarian character. It was thought by some a matter fer regret that other objects had been i connected with the Institute than the study of books of 1 science and or valuable works of reference, and tbat matters of mere entertainment had been combined wi _h i what was of a higher character. With respect to reading, even great judgment was necessary in that employment I of the mind, for he who read without useful application read to little purpose, and useful knowledge was the i thing to be acquired, rather than the mere gratification of the imagination. (Hear, hear.) Unless tbo shelves of their library contained works of a sound character and tende cy. and such ihat their substance when digested would effjrd the mind fjod convenient for it, it would bo to little purpose that the members of such an Institution occupied their leisure in reading. He trusted, however, that a taste far reading once acquired, thjugh they might indulge it in the first instance upon works of 1 imagination, might insensibly lead on to those which imparted useful "knowledge-(cheero)-and he was san guine enough to believe that such an Institution as the Gawler Institute might, by the astive employment of its varied appliances, prove a blessing, not merely to their I own town and neighbourhood, but by its stimulating influences operate beneficially upon the length and breadth even of all Sout h Australia. (Cheers.) Hoping the Gawler Institute might continue on in the career ot usefulness which it had opened for itself, he would now invite their attention to that more entertaining portion of the evening's proceedings which the praiseworthy exertions of the Committee had provided as part of the commemoration of the present anniversary. (Cheers.) The beautiful glee, " Through lanes and hedgerows," was then sung by the Misses Tozer, Mr. J. W. Daniel, Mr Edwards, and an amateur performer, in very good style. This was followed by Glover's duet. " The wind and the harp." by Hiss C. Tozer and Sir. Daniel. In the execution of this pieec the young lady fell below her powers, evidently from timidity, but its execution was such as to call forth a hearty encore, which had the effect of imparting to her more confidence in giving as a response " The merry gondolier." This was followed by "The standard-bearer," which was sung in very fine Btyle by Mr. Edwards. Mr. VVaItTEe DtTFFiBLD, M.P., was then called npon by the President to address the meeting-, when that gentle man remarked that he c'.uld not do so with those feelings of satisfaction and composure which charac terized tli-ir President's address, inasmuch as be was not fitted by natural temperament nor by previous pre paration to address as he could have wished an audicnce ofso peculiar a character. Were he before a meeting which bad to discuss some plain matter-of-fact affair, something connected with pounds, shillings, and pence, or even with politics, be might have felt himself more at home, and have stood some more likely chance of acquitting himself better than he feared be should do on the presenting- to him embarrassing, but still to liim a6 well as to them, interesting occasion. Mr. Barrow, ol Adelaide, and also Mr. Towasend, were to have beeu present and to have addressed them, and tlie topics they would have brought forward would no doubt have beeu sueh as to h'ive alforde-l them both edification and in " terost. To supply their absance be had beeu called upon at a very briei notice to address them upon subjects of which be was not master, and he must therefore throw himself upon their indulgence and look for sueh consi deration at their hands as tie case merited. The sub ject entrusted to him was "the advancement of educa tion"-a subject fraught with interest, and which might well occupy their whole evening rather than the brief time allotted to him, a:id which, instead of maKing an ineffectual attempt to do justice to, he would have much preferred listening to the remarks of some eminent man, being more inclined to become a learner than a t teacher upon such a subject. A high authority had said that for the soul to be wit'aout knowledge was not good, and at a later period oi the world's history Lord Bacon had sagely asserted that knowledge was \>ower, and he Icit tiiia maxim strongly illustrated in himself. The lack of the knowledge he could have wished himself possessed of deprived nim of the power he could have desired in order to tc of use to them. (Sear, hear.) Altera rapid retrospect of the rise and progress of the Institute, he proceeded to remark that the exhibition they had tbat day been spectators of must have convinced them tbat the fiiends of education and the advocates of the diffu sion of useful knowledge among them had not been idle. (Hear, hear.) They deserved well indeed at all their hands, for they showed by their deeds more than by any professions that they had the good of Gawler Town at heart. (Loud cheer3.) He was sorry to differ from their President in his opinion as to the Institution being thoroughly and perma lently established. (Murmurs.) However they might think so, he was witling to wait a few years in order to be assured upon tbat point. Such Institutions would do well not to be over sanguine, and to wait with patient hope and unrelated efforts for con firmation of their full sucsess. He very cordially ad mitted that their success so far was very encouraging, and spoke well for their cffjrts, and tqually so for their b;-nevolenc3 and philanthropy. (Hear.) Hi (the speaker) was of opinion that iu the main such Institu tions would effect more real good than mere schools of the usual kind. Their students came to them, not under compulsion, bnt spontaneously. Iu the studies such pupils directed thSr minds to there was none of the old school drudgery, and their progress Ue th:>usht would be correspondingly rapid, and their mastery of whatever th-v took in hand more complete. Their lec tures were a v iluable medium of communicating in a most pleasing form various kinds of useful knowledge; and, viewing these Institutions ia all their bearings, he would without wearying his hearers by minute references to tlieir nitrite, express his opinion that they presented the best plan for elleetiag the greatest amount of good among the (omjaunity. Before clfsinglie w>suldaddress a few remarks to the young people beiore them, and he would caution them that there was no royal road to learning. (Heir.) They must not suppose that there was any special virtue in books, or that they could transfer the wisdom they cwtaiued to the minds of their readers by some mysterious process not to be defined, or that knowledge was to bs gained only by becoaiing the audi tors of lecturers. He that would become wise must himself study and reflect, and devote to the subject he directed Lis attention to all the powers of his mind; for without such mental efforts on their part, they must not hope to attain success, nor to get beyund mediocrity, fllear.) Youths were transferred from school to trade, and too often ceased the cultivation of their minds, whereas that was the period for bringing all tfcey bad previously acquired into practical usefulness as well as for attaining a knowledge of their a Jop:ed calling, and tlieir whole faculties ought to be brought to heat upon its attainment. It was only by indomitable ensrgy and perseverance they could hope hereafter to occupy a pro minent place in society. The attaiumeiit of knowledge brought its own reward, for nothing gave the human mind so much satisfaction as difficulties overcome and conquests achieved. Actuated by a spirit of this kind, a youthful student reads to nnderetaud, and he has the satisfaction of understanding as he reads. (Hear.) Ad dressing himself generally to his hearers, he would im press npon them the delight and the duty of diffusing knowledge far and wide, assured that this would also carry to their own bieasts an ample reward; for what could afford greater satisfaction to a liberal mind than to have opportunities afforded it of imparting to others the mental pleasures it enjoyed-what could be more delight ful than to diffuse what they bad acquired. (Cheers.) The Misses TOZEB then sang the petty duet " Gather ing flowers," which was loudly encored, drawing forth as a respoute the duet " Thou art mine, love," which was sung b\ the ladies with great feeling and execution. Mr. Djlkiei, followed with a song in a style which re minded us of the elder Btaham, and which drew forth a tremendous encore, upon which he gave a comic song with great effect upon the risible# of the audience, ac companying himself upon the piano in a manner that was '' tho worry pecooUa " as to throw the whole com pany into convulsions. Mr. Witsnraoir, one of tlie Vice-Presidents, in a very appropriate address, referred to varioas interesting points connected with the Institute, introducing a humorous reference to the go-aheadism of Gawler Town. The banners by which they were surrounded in so decorative a style reminded him, he said, of England's ocean victories, and that there were victories of various kiads. They had had a contest with ignorance and indifference, with apathy and supiaess, and with selfish ness, but they had, as was evident to all in their obser vation of the Institution, achieved Bomewhat of a victory. (Cheers.) Gitvler, it was true, bad formerly bad its exhibitions of science- as, for instance, pugilistic ssicnce. (Loud laugh-er.) They had as a community long been conspicuous for self-taught minds, but they were of so remarkable a character tbat he was Dot disposed to bo=£t muck of their self-taught geniuses. (Immense laughter.) They had had many things heretofore of th-self- made character; as, for instance, self-made streets-(laughter)-and self-made drains (continued laughter)-but these, like their selt-tangbt geniuses, were not matters to boast of. Fortunately they had now, instead of relying upon being self-taught, taken to teaching one another-(hear, and loud cheers) and the good effects were becoming pretty appareut,just j as the good effects of having betaken themselves to a j corporation were becoming evident in their highways and byways. (Much laughter.) He sincerely congra- I tulated the town on seeing it possessed of a rising library of 1,000 volumes, comprising science of all kind, | and knowledge to suit every kind of enquiring mind, j Mineralogy, a study or no small import iu this country, was conspicuous in their exhibition of that day, as was every other ology upon the shelves of the Insritnte. (Hear, an 1 laughter.) He had ouiy had an opportuuity of spending two or three hours in the exhibition when be found lie could have spent as many days with profit as i well as pleasure-(bear, bear)-but it he reluctantly came away Irom it with less investigation of it than he could have wished, he came away encouraged by the impression tbat if their victory was not so complete as their Chairman had described, it was eomethiug of a victory and in the right direction- (loud cheers)-and he felt refreshed by the conviction, and encouraged to go on te farther victory, to which be would, in conclusion, prompt his fellow-labourers and all who heard him- ; (cheers)-and on such occasions to rely less npon others , than upon themselves, less upon Adelaide and more npon Gawler Town. (Hear, and protracted cheers ) The glee, "What ho! through the forest^ by Glover, was sung by the musical performers; to which, after an interval or 10 minutes in the proceedings, succeeded the duet "When I am far away," in the execution or which Miss C; Tozer exhibited an improvement in power and tone that drew down a rapturous encore, which was executed by Mr. Daniel and the lady with great feeling and expression-the latter executing her part without the aid of book, the use of which forms so marked and objectionable a feature of public singing in an tugosh orchestra, but which is fast disappearing from those o. other countries. Of the remainder of the evening s con cert, space only allows us to. s=y that, with one exception by In amateur, the whole was equally remarkable f r good tasts and admirabla execution, as was evidenced by the repeated encores. , Mr. MrtCKEtn, Honorary Secretary of the Institute, here read the following report:- . , Secretary's Export to. the Subscribers and Fiieudso the Gawler Iwtitutc. October 15.1858. "In bringing before your notice a report of the Gawler Institute, perhaps 1 may be excused entering fuily into detaiLs circumstances connected wun the exhibition having occupied all my spare moments. I have much pleasure in stating, however, that we are in a flourishing condition. During this half-yrarthe sub- , scribers have increased to a number which the most j sanguine amongst our number ad not expect to sje. 1 i dare say that during this month alone we will have ad Jed to our numbers between Wand 53 ttew subscribers. In regard to our library numbering close npoa l.'.OO volumes, we cannot boast of having Increased in the same ratio, although wc have added about 60 different works, 23 of which were contributed. Our periodicals, 12 in number, include Blackwood's Magazine, Edinburgh Quarterly Biview, Mechanioa' Magazine, Chambers a Journal, Queen or the South, Art Journal, Punch, S?>, Sic. besides londoa, provincial, and colonial papers. The Committee have euaeavoured to fulfil their gromise siren to the subscribers atthe last half-yearly meclinr in providing a lecture cr entertainment montMy. wwen 1 have no hesitation in saying has done a yast amount of good. It is scarcely necessary for me to, say anything in regard to, the exhibition further than to. jaention. that had it" not heen for the z al and the un$jruigexeit»o?J ; of several <jt the Committee you would not M ; the gratification of seeing, ^erhfl^s, ass of thfe I collections of natural history, mineralogy, and wofteof artthat has been exhibited in the colony. It is nse/CT* for me to individualize the parties who have taken finch An active interest in getting op the exhibition, as they are so well known to yoa all. We are also scutch indebted to a number of ladies who .have aided us very materially in contributing refreshments. At the yearly I meeting, to take place on Tuesday evening, a detailed account will be given to the subscribers. There are sir of the -Committee ballotted to retire, when six other members will require to be elected in their room, also ?x officio officers. Although rather proud of the position In which ear Institute elands, I would call upon those parties of our comma* nity to whom Institutions were chiefly designed to benefit, viz* the working people, to come for ward and join our numbers, so that we may be enabled carry out to the letter the objects fwe have in view, vit, the bringing together of masters and servants and all classes of denominations, thereby inviting in sociality all classes of our small community/* pr. Nott, in rising to address the audience, was re ceived with loud cheers. He remarked that it was more aerceable to his feelings to work for them than to speak to them. He referred to some opposition experienced by the promoters of the Institute at Us starting, but this had rapidly subsided, and their Commitcee, acting in perfect onion, had been enabled to accomplish more than he had hoped for. (Sear, hear.) It was not thought desirable to confine the literature of the Institute to i dry science, mathematics, and works of an abstruse character, where the supporters were of so miscellaneous , a description. They had .the ladies to please-»(heir, hear)--and they were fortunate in having their counte nance (Cheers.) 'ihey were a host in themselves, and, what was almost as good, a host followed after them, (Cheers and laughter.) They did not begin the good work too soon, as some who kept aloof seamed to think, but they were prompted to action by becoming sensible of the wants of their community. (Cheers ) They felt that Gawler was detective iu books of all kinds-{hear, hear)-in rational entertainments-(hear)-in the ac quisition of the useful knowledge afloat around them, 'I'hey therefore formed a library, they engaged public lecturers, they.studied also to a nuae in a sensible man ner as well as to inform, and they had their reward, not only in the approval of theirown miuds--(hear, hear) hut in the rapid increase of their subscribers and the general satisfaction which the pablio expressed in what they had attempted-(loud cheers)-and, though last, n »t the lea9t satisfactory he believed was the aflair that had brought them tegether that day. They were venturous enough to plan an exhibition for the public I gratification. However, they fell heartily to work, and borrowed and beg<e < all over the country-(loud cheers, and laughter) - and their solicitations had been met in the most delightfully liberal manner, without grudging and with out limit. (Loud applause, and *'Bravo.") There was no stipulation and no stint in the responses they had met with, and the result was such as he thought the Committee need not be ashamed o£ (Cheers, and "No, In deed") And there was one feature connected with the movement which he might mention, that would, he thought, be as acceptable to their-subscribers as the exhibition itself had been. It showed that the Committee and the community cf Gawle,r were held in some respect, and that they enjoyed the public confidence toapleasing extent. (Loud cheers.) Where all had come forward BO handsomely to their assistance, he felt some delicacy in staging oat names; indeed, the number being 60 great, his memory would not serve him to do all of them justice. He most, however, refer to the valuable mid interesting contributions of -Or. Muecke, of Tanunda, President of the Tanunda Institute; to those of Mr. Culley; Mr, Nathaniel Hailes, of Adelaide; Mr.Clisby; of Dr. Schomburgfe, whose intcrestingdrawingsXbey muse have all noticed; to Mr. James.of KapaadajAIr. j. Warrec, Mount Crawford; and Professor Sail, the photographist. The speaker concluded by expressing an earnest hope their successors in -office would as tar exceed them as they had the nonentity which previously characterized the locality. (Hucli cheering). Mr. Dpffzbld having-moved a cordial vote of thanks to the Committee, Sir. Isaacs, Secretary of the Exhibition Committee, , m acknowledging' the compliment, said that though it i was his firs » attempt at a speech in public, he would not ! affect a repugnance to the task which he could not feel, inasmuch as the duty devolving upon Mm became a pleasure, from his having- to sp^ak in grateful terms of the assistance which many gentlemen not fellow-mcm bsrs had rendered them on this interesting occasion. Former differences that had been alluded to no longer existed. He had received favours from all, and services and co-operation from all to whom they had made the slightest application - (hear, and cheers) -and the manner in which his circulars had been responded to had relieved him of-trouble and anxiety to such an ex tent, that the favours thus conferred upon the Institute hid been 'converted into personal favours to himself. To the ladies the Committee felt themselves under such weighty obligations, that it would be an unpardonable omission ou his part were he not, iu concluding, to pro pose that^the hearty thanks of the entire andience, in conjunction with those of himself and the Committee, be teudered to the ladies, to whose kind and zealous co-ope ration it was patent to all they were so much indebted on the present as on previous occasions. (Acclamation.) Mr. NOTT gallantly seconded the proposal on behalf , of the Committer, observing that to the ladies they had heeajrreatly indebted at the commencement of the year, and their obligations to them had become still greater at its close. (Applause.) Thanks were voted to the worthy proprietor of the room lent fo- the occasion, who had iu the most liberal manner allowed its gratuitous cse for the beuefit of his fellovT-townsmcn^ whether as an occasional pi ice of pub lic worship, public business, or rational pTi Bg ou the present occasion. On the motion biing carried with acclamation, Mr. Martiu goocMmmouredly observed that the Committee and his .fellow-townsmen were not under BO great an obligation te him as they seemed to think and wished him to believe-(laughter)-»for he had the misfortune to be without a tenant for it, and if he could have turned it to a better purpose as concerned his individual in terest he believed they would have had small grounds for complimenting him on bis generosity* (Much Uu^hter.) S j long, however, as it continued without a stated tenant they were heartily welcome to its use, aud it gave him great pleasure to see it tenanted to the ex teut it was at the present moment. (Loud and 41 Bravo, Martin.") The proceedings terminated with thanks to the Chair man and the announcement that the exhibition would continue open to the public till Monday evening, the company retiring highly gratified with the treat that had been furnished them daring the day and evening by the very trustworthy and indefatigable exertions of the zealous Committee ofthe Gawler Institute, IfOEWOOD AJjTD StEPXEY INSTITUTE.-The monthly lecture was delivered on Tuesday evening by Mr. W. Gordon Campbell, when, notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, a tolerably large audience was in attendance; for although it is not the fault ot modern society to *' believe too much.** people are still interested in the solution of tbe phenomena of apparitious, spectral illusion?, and' superstitions. Mrl Campbell's lecture, therefore, being upau that subject, w^s of an attractive character, and the numerous in stances quoted by him from Mrs. Crow's Nightsideof ?Nature/' aud from his own knowledge, in illustration of prophetic dreams and apparition?, were listened to with much interest. Thelecturer confined himself to this branch of his ^subject,, proposing to treat,"cf socctral illusions and superstition* in another lecture. The lecturer com muted hiujself to no theory, the phenomena of which he had given instances did avowedly exist. The ap pearances were real or they were not-the imaginative theory would not acconut for the realization of the things predicted, neither would the doctrine cf happy coincidents, Thejsnbject was surrounded with difficulties, out there was reason to hope that it would not be always inexplicable. Some light had been thrown on it by modern discoveries in mesmerism and the clairvoyant condition, and doubtless the time would come when the reason for, and the true nature o£ these things would be better it not more fully understood. Some conversation ensued after the lecture in reference to the appearance of persons to their friends at a distance about the period of deith, called by the S-jotch "wraiths/* and a supposed in stance of the kind was cited which had afterwards been explained so as to take away its mysterious character and spoil a good ghost story; but while instances of this kind might frequently occur, it was certain that the majority of authentic ghost stories remained unex plained, and could not be resolved into the mere force of imagination. A vote of lhauks was unanimously ac corded to the lecturer, aud a desire evinced for the second lecture on the subject to be given on the next occasion. YankaiixIiA.-We have received the fol lowing from acorrespondent:-"On Thursday last the Episcopalians held their tea meeting, in the large store at Messrs. Butterworth's mill, kindly lent for the occa sion. The tea was gratuitously orovided by the ladies of the neighbourhood, aud about 100 persons partook of it. After lea tne chair was occupied by Mr. S. Herbert j J. P. There was appropriate music by amateurs, and by tins time a considerable addition of numbers to the meeting, so that not less than 150 persons were present. The Esv. A- B. Sussell was introduced to the meeting, and gave 'An Hour wi:h the Poets* in a highly pleasing aud instructing manner, to the evideut delight of an attentive audience. Aft r a song from Mr. Lush, in his usual happy style, votes of lhauks were accorded to the revereod lecturer x*nd tbe ladies and gentlemen for their services, the National Anthem was sung by the audience, aud the meeting separated, all appearing well satisfied with the treat, both mental and physical, that they had enjoyed. I also hear that it is in contemplation to form a debating society iu our district, or perhaps a better and suitable nama-a mental improvement society; and there cau be no doubt that if a few simple rales are laid down at starting, with a view of prohibiting contro versial theology and politics being introduced, it is capable of i-ffording mental pleasure, and elevating the ton; of society." Kensington Anntveusahy SERVICES. We have been requested to state, that at the public meeting oa the above occasion, in addition to other Fpeechte, the meeting was also addressed by the Bev. Messrs. Cox and Gardner, their names having been inadvertently omitted in our correspondent's notice. THE Hoy. G-. P. An&as;, JLL.C.-A very interesting Sunday-school soiree «ks held at Newcastle upon-Tync, on the 29th of June last, in honour of the above gentleman. It appears that in Newcastle, his native town, he had in early life been a Sunday.scholar, and remembering that in the Sunday-school he was Jpd to the study of the Scriptures and to form the principles which had guided him throngh life, he was anxious to meet, not only his old friend* and acquaintances, but more especially those who had co-operated with him jn forming the Sunday-School Union w Newcastle, 43 years ago. The "Soiree embraced a large gathering of the frieuds and supporters of Sunday-schools, 'comprising upwards of 20 ministers with their wive?, most offwhose schools were connected with the Union, the Committee aud 50 visitors, the Superintendents of more thn^ 30 schools, a considerable number of senior teachers, eight town missionaries, and various members or several con gregations of the town and neighbourhood. The Churchmen and Dissenters freely mingled their sympa thies, eloquence, aud influence in the good cause, and approvingly sang together t " How good and pleasant is the sight Where kindred sonls agree, Brethren whose cheerful hearts unite In bonds of piety/' After the tea Mr. Angas, in an opening speech, expressed valuoffriends; thanked themfortheir kiiufand cordkd reception; touched upon the removal by death of many who had laboured in tb&field; and gave some grave and wise counsel to teachers and ministers relative to Sun day-schools. In the course of bis address in his capacity of President of the Sunday*Sihool Union of Antral la. he reported the number of Sunday-schools in this colony ! their progress, and exhibited a copy of the Smth Aut tralian Sunday School Teachers* Magazine, In speaking of the liberality and catholicity ofthe several Protestant denominations, Mr. Angas stated the consent of the Bishop of Adelaide to preach a Sunday-school Anniver sary sermon in the Baptist Chapel there, and epoke of hi* return to the colony, saying*" There was the partner of his joys and sorrows; hia family nod home were there. Possibly he might see his Newcastle friends no more, but let all be aspirants to a happier meeting hereafter/* Great apgganse followed the address. Several ministers and laymen spoke in a practical and edifying manner upon given topics in relation to Snnday-scboola. Thanks were accorded to Mr., by aedaxnatioxvand the large, successful, and long-to-be-remembered meeting dispersed, !Naebow Escape FROM A Disastroitb JFibb.- On Tuesday morning, at about half- past 1 o'clock, Mr. G. Holmes, living at the Portland Hotel, Pott-road, happening to go o&tside; the house, observed a fire on premises situated some 40 yards from tbe hotel. Ob examination be found that a portion of a fence enclosing five dwe)Ung»bonses and a heap of firewood inside the fence were in a hlaze. By his vigorous antiphlogistic action the prompt assistance of the neighbours ihp fire was quickly subdued. In the yard which the surrounded there , was a number of wooden outhouses, which, if the fire had not been so opportunely discovered, would aoon have been envelop^ in ftunes, and have communicated their rpinoa% tofraehee te the eAUcent dw^J^ouses, to- thefr^y\lqkfe flertntcaoa^ 