GEÜÍERAL INTELLIGENCE. SUSPEOTE» AnscojíDün.-John Williams ono | of the men charged with stealing tho dray load of wool mid sheep skins, the property of Mr | Speed of Green Ponds, tho particulars of which will bo found in yesterday's issue, is tho man, who was tried for tho murder of Mr. John Richardson at tho Turf Hotel, Murray-street, some few years ago, and whoso awful death excited so much fearful interest at the time. The prisoner is a transported offender for life mid is now suspected of being an nbscondcr ; but under what circumstances ho was placed in n position to abscond, we have not been yet enabled to ascertain. Surely such characters as these ought to be so dealt with and confined, as to relievo tho community from any dread on their account, and effectually to prevent any repetition of thuir evil doods and vicious pro- pensities. ' FEAitruE.-A Ponsylvania stump-speaker snid : " The dangers around us aro looming up. The thunders roll and the lightnings Ila ah, and | if Fremont is elected this earth will loso its cen- tripetal mid centrifugal force, mid nil twill bo hurled into one conglomerated mass of transcen- dent miasma." It is said tho eloquent, but uu- I fortunato orator bad to be carried away on a ! chip. LAUNCESTON.-A public meeting was to be held at the Plough Inn last evening for the pur- pose of making arrangements for the Launces- ton Autumn Races....... The Volunteer Fire Bri- gade, No. 1, assembled for practice on Friday evening ; the engines were in first-rate working order.. ....Arrangements have been completed for giving a grand Amateur Concert in aid of tho Indian Relief Fund on Thursday, the 6th May. Mr Farquharson and several other well- known talented singers have kindly volunteered their services. Haydn's Oratorio "The Crea- tion," is the piece selected for the occasion...... A meeting of the oommittee of the Launceston Industrial Exhibition was held in Trinity School room, on Thursday evening, the Rev. R. K. Ewing in the chair. A letter was read from the Government, giving tho Commissariat Store for the purposes of the Exhibition. The President stated, the various designs for certificates had been examined, and the prize awarded to Miss Fogg ; the various designs are now on view at Mr J. J. Hudson's, Brisbane street......At the çriminal sittings John Barry and William Hayes were found guilty of highway robbery on the Fingal Road, and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Alexander M'Guire, charged with the manslaughter of Thomas Clarke, at the River Mersey, was acquitted. Benjamin Rush- forth was sentenced to four years' penal servi- tude for stealing a watch, the property of Mr Henry Dowling. John Hay, for obtaining money under false pretences, was sentenced to four years penal servitude. GIÍEÍT CRICKET MEBW»a.-Our report of tho Great Cricket Mooting lield lest night, is deforretj'ounvcouataf tho pressure of English iJîfW* ' . I . J" ? , .HI J I II I !> ,l -!._.'. i" ' i' ! II ..I )l /I'-I. . li ). .;. 11 . iii JJ< 1 ? Muii 'jy J.J'II :;iriu ¡ vi'i||'! ;<> ÍÍ cr ii; ui".I ii»v'j)>'ii-A'!i!,n -.'<! t ISTEBBSTIVÓ1 GEOOBÍPUMÓSU; JDIS'tíóvsfeSrJ-£' From the Ilussiiu storeship Dwina, which arrived in Sin Francisco on the 2nd January, some important information has been obtained. The Dwina was one of thoso vcsels which so mysteriously escaped from the ailie 1 fleet in tho Gulf of l'arliry. Up to that time it was sup po3öltliat tlioro was no outlet fron the Gulf of Sigh dieu. In leed, Saghalien is described upon all maps anl charts 03 a peninsula. The escape of the Divina froai the English fleet could not ho cxphine I except upon the hypothesis that the gulfs namoi wero connected by A narrow channel, known only to the Russians. Tho fact is now established that such a channol exists, and that throujh it the Dwina escaped. It is extremely difficult to navigate, running as it does, through the sand deposited at tho mouth of tho Amoor. The question, however, is de- finitely ssttlod, an 1 maps hor.\aftor should re-, present Saghalien a3 an island instead of a pe ninsuh. Tren LVND or LIBERTT !-Our readers will recollect that some tima ago a Mr. Stickland, a bookseller, was expelled from Mobile on the ptrave chargo of bavin? sold sundry copies of Uncle Tom's Cibin, and of bavin? on his shelves one or more copies of that incendiary publica- tion. Mr. Strickland on this grave charge was obliged to fly for his life, leaving I1Í3 property and business behind him. Lately one of his partners venture 1 to Mobile, with a view to close the business of the firm and to collect tho outstanding debts due to it. His appoaraneo there lias been tho signal for anothor outbreak of mob violence, and ho too has boon oblige 1 to fly for his life. It seems to bo a part of tho new Southern creel that no faith is to bo kept with mon not perfectly sound on the eooso, and that for a suspected Abolitionist to attempt to callee'; d10 do'its duo him, is an oflenco of tho simo magnitude with presuming ta sell copies of Unclo Tom's Cabin.-American Puper. COLORED PREACUEREM IS JACESOY.-Tlioro is a colored wamali in Jackson who makes a practico of preaching there, and seem9 to be re spoetablo in her profession. Tho Jaoteson Le Iyer of last Saturday says : Tho colored woman who preached a sermon in this placo some timo ago, will speak in tho church to-morrow evening, nt candle-lighting. LAW SITH ATIOT/T TARRIN'O.-Tho Amitlor Ledaer cont lins tho following item in its law roport: Tho People vs. J. W. Green and Joshua Smith ; riot, committed with others ia riding Samuol Pittard on a rail nn 1 tarring him, at Scoltsvill», on the 4th inst. The reason given for tho treat nenfc of Pittard was his not paving his debts and his having tho defendants in the first-named ease arrests!. The identity of tho dofendints nat baing prnvod, they wore acquitte 1 by a jury on tho 13th insfc. CarcKHT*.- 4. match will bo playo 1 in the Richmond Park, Richmond on Saturday no\t, betwoon two Elevens picked from Richmond and the Coal Rivor, wickets to be pitchol at half-past ton o'clock. SAVDV BAY.-This evening (Thurslay) a Lecturo is to bo delivered on the îïorth American Indians, before and .after their conversion to Christianity, at tho Schoolroom near the Toll- gate by tho Rev. John Roberts formerly n Missionary among the Indians. FlIMIOATINO AVD VENTILATINO SlHPS. Dr. Reid, a well known inventor, has contrived an appara'us for ventilating and fumigating ship', which It is believed will admirably answer its purpose. The machino, tho principal feature ofwhich is a large blower, by mea-.s of which air may be driven throug'i tubes with great violence into any aperture, is taken to the skip on a steam tiur, which may also supply the motive po ver. The hatches of the vessel are then shut down tight, with the exception of one left open at each on I. A tube connecting with the ventilator is plac 'd in one of these open hatches, and the air Is forced in, creating a strong current throujrli the entira hold, and expelling the foul vapors at the other end. By closing tliis other hatch medicated smoke, sup- plied by a furnace attached to the machine, may bo forced into every nook and crevice of the vessel and her cargi. By this process the fumi- gation ofashipi can bo performed in a very effectual manner in three or four day«. American Paper. , DUMAS AND II H ROIIAVCES.-A trial, is shortly to come on in Paris which will amaze or amuse, as the case may he decided. It has long beeu surmised that Alexander Dumas was not single-handed in the wondrous fabrications of romances. A certain Auguste Merqnet is about to enforce his contract for 150,000 francs, payable in eleven years, for Ms share in " Monte Christo," " Les Mousquetaires," and seventeen other productions, the paternity of which is hitherto supposed to he the Creole's. He claims 50,000 francs as still due at the foot of the agreement, and the distinguished advocate, M. Maries is to plead.« Olote'.1 Paris Cori'eyiondent. $23" Worley and Prodsbam dosîro to remind the reading public, thnt tho sale of dioico Rooks will take place This Day at 1 o'clock. Catalogues .aro printed and cm bo hnj at the Mart. W. & F. will commonco their general sale nt half p,urt elovon, and mortgaged property will bo submitted at half-past 1?, exact time. INCONVENIENT PEOPLE.-Some peo- ple are always in one's way. They never call hut at an unlucky minute of time, and generally come to spoil n tete-a tete with soma more agreeable visitor, or to interrupt or set aside some affair of business or pleasure in which they are not included. They come too soon or stay too late, and haply before yon are prepared to rpceivo visitors, when they can "wnit till you are at leisure," and " are in no burry j" they " can amuse themselves," in other words can finger and displace all your objets and bijouterie, and probably spoil oi break some of them with their gaucherie -for inconvenient people are invariably awkwaid. If an appointment he made with (hem it is sure to turn out unlucky -a hindrance to some moro desirable disposal of your time. If you consent to receive or to go to them, some darl- ing project starts up which is thwarted by the necessity of keeping "thatodious engagement." Such people aro always uppermost when you most wish to forget them ; like unlaid ghosts they present themselves at untimely and forbidden periods, and arc ever transacting some evolution that sets your ncives and temper on edge. Aro they in your carriage ; they hustle you with their elbows, sit upon ladies dresses, nnd tread upon or against your corns. They sit too forward, or too far back for youi comfort. Open the windows whon you arccold,or close them who i yon aro pant- ing for air, and invariably ask questions when the wheels are most uneasy. At table they arc sure to take the sent of all others that you du not wish them to occupy, and generally ask the servants for something that is not in the loom, fix their affections on the only dish yon desire they may not dip into, and should there by chance be but one battle left of a particular or favourite batch, they are ferocious in their dotounination to soo the end of it j for mark ! your inconvenient person possesses an immod- erate power of consumption. Then, after dinner, he is sure to be the first to return to the drawing room, where the mistress of the house aod hor fall guests are engaged in fominlno gossip which he interrupts without compensa- ting for auch nnwelcomo intrusion by any thing half so pleasant ; onciimbcrs them with his tedious pretence, upsetting everything in his way, and injuring everything that attracts his notice. Your table-books are bc- thumbed, your drawingscracko'l by injudicious handling, yoy.r snuff-box or smelling-bottle oponod qt the hinge, and your paper-knife mouthed incessantly. Such pooplo seem tq he furnished with buger hands and foot than others : when they stand befoie the uro the hearth-rug is pushotl ft omits level, and when they seat themselves your chair-covers aro wrinkled out of form. If they press-as they generally do-the sofa, they nlways.as if by intui- tion,, choose tho place next a lady, which she has reserved, few a more agreeable companion. In short, lot thom do what they will.ithoy aro inconvenient people. -Entabla Talk, By Mr*. Cft«Ww Mathew, ? -. Ill"l J JJ 1 . I J l vi J.. " i jJV'I'lJjfJMt 'i li-i l.-W>". u ( t'iijjrc'ilJji.' 'I ; (JJ)! 