WIT AND HUMOR. e.LED by the Nose. — Ladies who use an exc«a of porfume must think men like seals— most assailable at tho nose. The editor of tho Southern Sun says that he ' smells a rat.' If ho does and tho rat smells him, the poor rat has tho worst of it.— Louisville Journal. A Definition not found in Webster.— Senator Wilton, a man whose manners allow him to provoko duels, but whose morals wiil not permit him lo fight them.— Boston Courier. The editor of the Portland Gazette says that ther# is ' nothing of tho monk' about him. Wo have bcea disposed to think him a little tnonky. — LouisiiUt Journal. Quite Natural.— A bachelor edvertised for* 'helpmeet,' cue who would prove a 'companion for his heart, his hand, and his lot.' A fair one replying, nshed very earnestly, 'How big ia your lot?' Xho snnko may reach the cminenco as certainly as the eagle, but he reaches it only by crawling, and ho still remains a snake. If you with to riie in the world, you must not stop to kick ut every cur that barks at you as you paas along. i Xue editor of tho Bedford (Ind.) Independent hasn't a high opinion ofthe whiskey sold and drunk in his town. He says that it is made up of strych nine, cockroaches, tobuccojuico, fish berries, logwood, and divers other ingredients of equal merit. While a horso was running away ia tho streets of Uo&tui;, a child three years old, a mere baby, toddled directly before him, und ho jumped right over its I load. That horso was the right sort oi a baby jumpcr. i«. i5elly, the French agent, who has recently been figuring at the Isthmus, wants to got up a French protectorate for tho Central American Stales. Evi dently M. Belly aches to crcato troublo bctwoen France and the United States. Liko unto a locomotive is a beautiful woman ; sho draw3 a train after her, scatters tlio. sparks, trans ports the males, and oacasionally gives some of 'em a blowing up. ' Woll, Fanny, if you will get married you'll havo to bear tho responsibility.' ' All right, mam, I guess 1 can bear several on 'em.' ' Industry must prospor,' as tho man said when holding tho baby for his wife to chop wood. Slanders, — A friend showed a gentleman filling a high pluce of trust somo slanders that had boon written against him. ' These rascals,' said tho official, ' mnlto me talk and act as thoy would if they wero in my place.' Money Without a Man. — A fatlior consulted a friend as to whether ho had better give his daughter in marriage to a man of worth with 'imitcd means, or to u rich man who had no other recommendations. ' I would give my daughter,' was the . reply, ' tp a mau without money, rather than to mon'ty without ft man.' They l.avo been exhibiting in St. Louis and else where what they call ''a two-headed girl.' If wo may judge from tho cuts wo lir.ve seen, she has not only two heaas, but two necks, two bosoms, two bodies, four arms, and four lcgi. In short sho is two girls with their bodies slightly united. Call tho whole jne girl if you will, but we guess if a follow were lo. unriy tho concorn he would bo indictable for bigamy, i'oiliups someone of our enterprising young men who w«ro recently in such haste to volunteer for Utah will venture upon tho experiment.— Louisville Journal. Precept and Example. — A famous teetotal orator used to toll the following story: — While walking tho meets of a town whore a groat temperance gathering was about to tnke place, he found a man rolling m tho gutter, helplessly drunk. The prostrnto gentle man insisted, in answer to all inquiries and rebukes, hat he was himself one of the pillars of the cause of ccototalism. He and Ilia brother, he said, wero on a tcmperanco tour together. The brother went about, from city to city, enforcing from the platform tho duty of total abstinence, wliilo he himself accom panied him cn his crucado, to 'give exhibitions of tho debasing effects of intemperance.' Talent is the small coin of tho intollcctual world, whilj genius is a bill of oxchange. Tho man who plays nt onco on tho trump of famo and tho horn of a dilemma, got his first idea of musio ou hearing a liay-c.'ck ciow wliilo ho was tying a knot in a cord of wood. ' Why .slave so,' said Crams, 'your lifetime for gold ? Contentment is better than wealth, I nm told.' ' Who asked you to meddle ?' ciied Quiz in a pet; ' It ought to be belter- it's harder to get.' 11 There now I ' cried a little niece of our.*, wliilo rummaging in a drawer in n bureau ; ''there, now ! Uran'pa has gono to heaven without his spectacles. What will ho (lo f ' And shortly afterwards, when another aged relativo was supposed to bo Bick unto death in tho hcuso, she camo running to his bedsido, with the glasses in lior hand and an errand on her lips: 'You goin' to dio ? ' 'Thoy tell mo so.' ' Goin' to heaven ?' 'I hope so.' 'Well, hero aro gran'pa's spectacles. Won't you take them to him?' When Evo brought woo to all mankind, But when sho woo'd wi'h love so fond, Ho then pronounced it woo-man. But now with folly aud with priio Their husbands' pockets trimming, Tho ladies aro so full of whims That people call thom whim-men. ?' Wonderful things are dono now-a-day,' said Mr I'immins, ' Tho doctor has givon Fick's boy a new lip from his cheek!' 'Ah!' 6aid tho old lady, ' mauy'stho time I have known a pair taken from mine, and no very painful oporation ciftior.' ' The Fiust Wedding. — AVo liko short courl ships : in this Adam actcd liko a sensible man ; ho fell asleep a bachelor, and awoke to find liiniEolf a married men. lie appeared to havo popped tho question ? ? almost immediately after meeting Mdllc. Evo, and she, without any fliilation or shyness, gave him a kiss and herself. Of that first kiss in tho world we havo had, however, our own thoughts ; and sometimes, in a poetical mood, havo wished that wo wore tho man ' what did ic.' But tho deed is dono ; the chance was Adam's aud ho improved it. Wo liko tho notion of getting married in a garden. It is good taste. \Vo like a privato wed ding. Adam's was private. No onvious beaui wero there, no croatiing old maids. Tho birds of heaven were minstrels, and the glad sky flung its light upon the scene, Ono thing about the first wedding brings queer thoughts to us, in spito of scriptural truth. Adam and his wife were rather young to marry— somo j two or three days old, according to tho sagest specula tions of theologians— rncro babies— larger but not older— without experience, without a house, without \- ? ot or kettle— nothiag but love and Eden.— Af. ilf, I Noah. ( Perfectly Cool. — A waggish friond of ours tells the following, which wo do not remember to havo soen in princ :— A certain man, whom wo will call I jx ? , was noted for possessing great courage and presence of mind, and the oroisest wifo in the neigh borhood. More than ono attempt had been made to f.ighten M ? without success, hut one dark stormy evening ono of his brother chips, resolving to j see if there was any scare in him, fixed himself up in ' tho most ghostly stylo possible, and sta tioned himself in a lonely piece of wood8 through which M- — had to pass on his way home Tho pretended ghost had scarcely settled himself in his position, when our hero hove in sight, und came whistling along unconcerned as ubuul. Suddenly the ghostly figuro confronted him, and in a pepulchrel voice, commanded him to Ftop. M ? did bo, and aftir vcgurdii g his companion for a moment, said, with the utmost coolness I can't stop, friend; if you aro a man, 1 must request you to get out of my way r.nd let mo pass : if you uro the devil, come along and take supper with me. I married your sistir?' — American paper. Euan Faiuihe in Glasgow.— Tiib Australian Steam Company —This company — the Australian Steam Packet. Company— wss projected iu Glasgow litlli more ili-n twelve monihB ago, under tbe limited liability scheme. II h&d;, wo understand, a paid' up capital of nearly £400, COO. All of it la already gone— utterly lost aud amiihiiafe^. Wa bear that Pitch gentlemen as Mr Allan Gilmnur, of iinylesijr.in, Mr John Orr Ewiug, nnd othern, had shares iu it to the exlent of £30,000 and. £20,000 etch. If you had atked some of them to put down their names for £10 or £20 each to a eoliem a for opening up tho wrulched \vyi:da of Glasgow, uud building HiiUblo habitations for the poor — to a echcmo for mukiug a Grand Place between King ?street and the KtockweU, embracing Clyde stroot and tho river, which would really havo beon an ornament to tho city, and might have yielded five per cent- at least on the subscribed capital, the likelihocil is, that some of them would havo turned up their mfC'S at you, and ejccted you with a round of oaths. We are, therefore, not very aorry Ibat they have got u. good thwacking rap over tho knuckles on this occuBiou, and if tlio euiu had been twice or thiico larger to each, wo might have been ail tlio hotter pleased, if, by tbe loss, it had humbled their pride, anil taught lliein a Ioeboh of bumilialiou, much required in ceriuin quarlerB of this city. — Glasgow Qaxctle, 2Gtli June. V Kitv Makveli.ous. — A correspondent says: — ' During tlio past week a family arrived at Margate, from London, and among them was a young lady, who bad beeu totally blind for four months, occasioned by the sudden death of her father. The other members of tliu family having expressed their intenlion of bathing, she accompanied thom to tho Clifton baths, and, though blind when uho went into the sea, when she camo out nyaiu her sight was perfcotly restored to her.' We give tho information as it was given to u-\ — South Eastern Gascitc. 