THEATRE ROYAL. "Janet Pride" is an Adelphi melodrama with a moral ; but the circumatance of its possessing a moral is very far from being its chief merit. It includes a series of incidents, startling, pathetic, and terrible: it presents characters such as are to be found in the walks of everyday life, and it shows as many scenes confessedly drawn from reality. Its story is a somewhat complex one, and the range of its action extends over a period of many years. If it were designed only to depict the ineradicable inherency of a con- trolling vice, it would not be useless as a moral lesson, but, inasmuch as the materials of which it is composed fix the attention and evoke the sympathies in a variety of ways, it fulfils a purpose beyond that of a mere homily. Maternal love, heartfelt bene- volence, purity of affection, genuine gratitude, and the heroism of conscious innocence, are as interesting in their softening and kindly influences upon properly-constituted minds, as are guilt, fear, and remorse in the hold they take upon the imagination, strained to its utmost to accept as realities the shadows which offer themselves to sense. "Janet Pride " has the merit of being a probable his- tory. Every day teems with the records of crme committed by wretched men who, to gratify their diseased longings for unhealthy enjoyments, commit outrages upon the rights of property, and so commence a downward course of crime which invariably ends in misery and degradation. Richard Pride, the principal character in the piece produced at the Theatre Royal last evening, is one of these:— He is successively a drunkard, a thief, a fugitive, a convict, a bushranger, an impostor personating another person ; and he eventually, by his own hands, concludes an existence whioh had become abhorrent to himself and to the world. Who shall say that this city does not contain many such men? And so of the wife starving, dying by inches, yet uncomplaining, and perishing by exhaustion, as she delivers up her child to the charitable care of strangers. The child — eventually the woman — becomes the viotim of misdirected suspi- cion ; and we have the exciting picture of a father, knowing himself to be guilty, wit- nessing his daughter about to be condemned for a crime he himself had committed. The earnest love of a simple but true heart is also a component of this melodramatic: picture, and the droll humor, blended with the genuine soul-goodness, pro- duces that composite emotion which renders it a matter of doubt whether it is best to laugh outright or shed tears. Nothing could be more touching than that little episode where Dicky Trotter entreats Janet not to plead guilty, and she says to him, "Kiss me again, Dicky, for that." A moment before and the audience were smiling at his request for a kiss ; the repetition of the salute was felt to be the acknowledgment of a pure heart, up- borne by the belief in its own integrity, and growing strong in the contemplation of its own uncorrupted excellence. Miss Mortyn's Janet, though a character differing materially from the others in which she has appeared, was marked by the same intelligent care as she has exhibited hitherto. Her manner was pleasing, easy, and natural, and entirely free from that forced demonstrativencss which has by some actresses been considered necessary to the complete representation of melodramatic heroines. To those who admire the boisterous, screaming style, she will doubtless be unsatis- fying in her treatment of this character; but she is right, absolutely right, in refusing to pander to the false taste which would insist upon so palpable a violation of truth. Her Janet Pride will occasion no diminution of her reputation by comparison with her Hester Glazebrook. Mr. Richard Younge gave an excellent representation of the erring man, unblest with moral strength sufficient to resist the suggestions of a nature prone to do ill. As the drunken idler in the wineshops of Paris, he was painfully graphic ; as the bush- ranger in the wilds of Australia, he was strik- ingly picturesque ; and as the bloated, sodden associate of bad men in London, he was a recognisable portrait. He deserves much credit for the attentive analysis which he has unquestionably devoted to the study of the character. Mr. F. Younge's Dicky Trotter afforded a new proof, if it were wanted, of the diligent study this gentleman gives to every part for which he is cast. The humorous, the grotesquely absurd, and the irresistibly pathetic, by turns moved to laughter or melted into tenderness those who witnessed his loves, his fears, his honest clumsiness, and his pure devotion. The M. Bernard of Mr. Lambert was the trusting, doting, fond old man to the life, though perhaps the appearance of senility was too obvious in the first act, when he is supposed (as the bill informs us) to be only forty five years of age. The rest of the characters were sustained with noticeable care. Perhaps Mr. Tannett's Black Jack was not sufficiently ruffianly, and possibly Mr. Harwood's Sergeant was a little too sentimental, but as the latter gentleman was on the point of giving up the ghost, an excess of this quality may be excused on the score of presentiment of his own dissolution. One of the policemen was peculiarly melo- dramatic ; he held up his hands in an impres- sive manner, which the force might envy and imitate. The getting up of this piece is praiseworthy in the extreme. The scenery is all new, and the stage arrangements are such as to pro- duce a most impressive effect upon the eye. The Australian scene in the second act is peculiarly truthful, and it is made to extend across the breadth of the stage, so as to give the appearance of a vast tract of country. The scenes in Paris, too, are very impressive. The Hotel Dieu, with its light windows, great gates, and mysterious lattice, is a most striking picture ; so is the Pont Neuf, so is the Court of Justice, though, by the way, a jury of nine is something unusual at the Old Bailey. The piece ought, however, to be successful, despite such minor deficiencies as may readily be remedied; and we are happy to congratulate the management on the spirit with which it is got up. 