. THE PULPIT. (From the Patriot, April 0.) In lamenting the general declino of publi oratory, the journal which detects all ou weak places, is pleased toexceptthe Dissentinj ministry as not having ceased to cultivate tb art of oral address with respectable success The discovery of new stars in the théologien heavens, or the shining of luminaries familia: to us in nearer proximity .to " established lights, may account, perhaps, for the reference to our preachers as the best living examples o effective speaking. Protestant Dissenters ant Wesleyan Methodists have never been insen Bible to their privileges in this respect ; but i is only sinco it became customary for men o different denominations to minglo on tho sam« platforms, and especially since clergymen nnc Nonconformists have vied with each other in t generous rivalry as preachers of tho Góspel ir buildings unaccustomed to the sound, that sud: gentlemen as havo access to the critic's chair ir Blackfriars have known anything aboul us. In some degree, therefore, their childlike surprise on finding that wo really can tall, good grammar, sound sense, and a little rhe torie, is excusable, tho moro particularly as thc singularity of its expression is so flattering tO U3. Wo shall bo groat geese, however, if wo per- mit praises sounded on so short an acquaint- ance, to persuade us that wo have already at tainod and aie already perfect. Mix this plea- sant laudation with tho querulousness of grum- blers among ourselves; and you will not merely ' escapo the danger of thinking moro highly ot yourselves than you ought to think, but you will got nearer to the truth than if you lent both oars to those miserable comforters who tell you that tho pulpit of tho Jnys and Halls j is sunk Into a condition of almost hopeless degeneracy. In what decade of a man's lifr, he becomes laudator temporh adi, we I have too much regard for our personal selves to inquire very curiously. There is no doubt, however, that, generally, by tho timo n man has become too blind to discern between the preacher and tho candlestick, and too deaf to catch a braco of consecutive sentonccs, his visionary and auricular faculties betray a pre- ternatural sharpness for faces long mouldering in the grave, and tongues long silent in dumb forgetfulness. In tho doctrino of human per- fectibility as broached by a certain school of falso philosophers, wo have no sympathy ; but we are apt to behove, that ho who says tho former days wera bettor than these, does not inquiro wisely concerning them ; and that, ns a logical consequence of Divine Providence, if not a necessary result of human nature, tho constant tendoncy of tho race, as a whole, is towards .every form of real amelioration. Instead, therefore, of allotting that miserable dissatisfaction which begets disgust, and, if it had vigour enough, would ongender despair, wo would convortthe improvement which has been effected in preaching us in till things else, into an "excelsior" argumont for pressing onwards and upwards. Becauso Latimcr adorned one I age, Baxter another, Whitfield a' third, nnd Chalmers a fourth, nnd, on looking around among contemporary preachers, wo may fancy that their like are not to be found-does it, therefore, follow that tho Ohristinn Church of our own day is less richly supplied with pas- tors and preachors than the generations in which those groat men respectively flourished ? By no means. Wliort we throw a" backward look oh tho retreating landscape, wei seo only the tapering steeple, tho majestic tower, and tho tall trees. In like manner, every ago has its eminent mon ; and our successors will in like manner discover, that tho church of this ago had its stately Sauls as woll as in former centuries. But general advancement has this disadvantage, if disadvantage it be, that it is not promotive of stago effect. Tho English pulpit ot tho socond half of the Nineteenth Century appears to bo ocoupiod by mon of loss gigantic staturo, Hot booauso the mon aro dwarfed so much as because they aro of a moro equal height. Tho scholastic training now secured for nearly nil proaohors, naturally leads to a general intellectual lovel. Genius, when it apponrs, will assort its superiority j but, when talont and industry run in tho samo moo, the ltnro will often bo found to havo no better chanco thun tho tortoise. Wo havo to thank our colleges, especially 3lnco they became affiliated to tho University of London, for tho oomplimonts of mon who havo perception for our attainments though llttlo .relish for our doctrino. Tho benefit is undoninblo ; but lot us bowaro of tho drawbaoks which attond it, nnd valuo tho civil Bpeechos which it has procured us, ohiofly ns a warning against tho snuro. tíound* lenrning cannot bo gainsaid ! but high education may bo sought at tho oxponso of moro valuable noj quircmcnts, especially when it is pursue during a protracted Benson of disconnoclic from tho work /or tho saleo of whioh is avowedly desired. Oorisidor tho mo who have risen in the minist] since B.A.'s and M.A/s becamo at one moro plentiful and more legitimate ; and will be found, if we mistake not, that those wh have won fame as tho test of usefulness, ai they that never allowed tho attractions of University course to divert them for a wee from ministerial exercises. How little secular critics know of what tho talk about, is betrayed by their pertinaoiou attempt to resolve the success of Dissentin ministers into the necessitios of tho- cupboan and the ?rumena. The maxim that '- they wlv live to please must please to live," applies ti the stage and to the popular lecturer, but no to the Christian minister of any denomination In order to live comfortably, no doubt, i Dissenting minister must have a good congre gation ; but no man, living or dead, evei secured this condition by courting tho pre possessions and conciliating the prejudices o his hearers. Nothing holds moro true than, that tho largest congregations attend the mo3t faithful preaching. Ii you want to see the effect of pandering tc carnal appetites, go to the wretched, barn-like, brick buildings, where tho Socinian teachei cockers people in tho notion that they are all very well and need no regeneration ; and thore you shall behold more pews empty than have a single soul in them, though the pews are seldom numerous enough to hold a tolerable congrega- tion. The necessity for spacious chapels has sprung entirely from the revival and main- tenance of that stylo of preaching, which tells men and women that they aro sinners, and that, without repentance, and faith in the only Name given under heaven by which we caii be saved, they must perish everlastingly. '» Lot us beware, then, that tho complaisance of writers who, though they can appreciate our stylo, have small sympathy in our mission, do not betray us into the over-cultivation of that which pleases them, since it has* been carried so far as to make them cease reproaching us with our " Methodism." It is a total mistake to compare tho eloquence of tho pulpit with any other form of oratory whatever, if tho object of the comparison be to begot emulation on tho part of those who occupy it. The platform, or, to adopt tho con- ventional equivalent, " Exeter-hall," symbolises tho only sort of public speaking that bears any affinity to preaching ; and, perhaps, the cha- racter of preaching has suffered as much dete- rioration from this source as from any one thing else. The topics of the platform are somotimes strictly religious, and usually bene- volent and philanthropic; but thero a license is allowed, which, since the majority of the speakers are ministers, may without care vitiate their pulpit stylo. The audiences expect to be entertained ; and, considering how long they are detained, variety and pleasantry aro a needful, "and therefore welcome rolief. But, between the Member of Parliament and tho Barrister on the ono side, and the Preacher on tho other, there is little room for fair or advantageous comparison. The Member of Parliament has peculiar sub- jects and a special audience. On great oc- casions, and when a man has charge of the question, the higher attributes of oratory may be necessary, or at least of service ; but, in general, there is too much attempt at oloquonco instead of too little of the reality. As many as twenty men might bo able to say something j that would elucidate the matter; but it is pre- posterous for a dozen men to follow each other I in formal harangues on the same subject. A vast deal of balderdash is tho unavoidable result, whereas nothing should be easier than for a company of grown-up young men* to exchange views on things of common interest in an in- telligible manner. Tho advocate has harder work ; but it is reducible to simple forms. It is the part of the attorney to stuff the brief with everything relevant, and to marshal tho wit- nesses in numerous array ; (nor lot undiscrimi-, nating censors impute all his industry to the love of costs ;) but he who holds the brief and examines tho witnesses, selects his points and picks his men, so as to put his case in the cloarest light, support it by the strongest proof, and enforce it by the most cogent: arguments and ' most tolling appeals. His congregation aro twelve jurymen, whom if lie,can convince and persuado, he triumphs. "We can conceive of no secular caso in which moro potent mo- tives concur with greater facilities to animate tho human tongue in tho exertion of its won- derful fascinations. Tho Christ ian preacher is differently circum- stanced. Il his themo transcends all others, it is ono and tho same. Tho interests for which ho cares are eiernnl, not transitory ; spiritual, not of tho earth, earthy. But tho attention which men pay to his appeals is loo often in a ratio inverso to their unspeakable importance. While tho senator addresses hearers who listen tho more attentively the more pertinently ho speaks, and the pleader owes as much to tho lynx-eyed vigi- lance of his adversary as to tho stimulus damed from tho causo ho undertakes, tho preacher feels that he labours against tho dead- weight of somnolent indifference, and is cham- pioning tho interests of clients many of whom seem unconquorably dead to tho inheritance they have at stako. Tho very composition of congrégations makes tho proucher's duty ardu- ous beyond example. Old and young, malo and female, rich and poor, learned and illiter- ate, saint ond sinner, believer and sceptic, worldling and formalist, hypocrite and back- slider, aro mixed togolher in ono heap ; and tho conscientious pastor sinks under tho ap- palling thought, that, if any of tlieso multi- farious characters leave tho place without a word in season, ho will have so far failed of his office. Truly, " who is snffioiont for these things?" They requiro a hoight and depth and breadth of oratory not to bo acquired in any school, nor attained in virtue of any skill. Ho who spooks from tho heart, will speak to tho heart ; and what is wormly concoivod, will bo worthily expressed. But how shall ono heart Mud its way to so many hoarts in almost as many varieties of condition ? Thero is but ono Teacher of this Divino science No man is a pulpit orator to any purpose, whoso lips havo not been touchod as thoso of Isaiah wore. When mitred prelates oxorolso their ordinativo functions, the Holy Ghost is Invoked to thoir assistance. Tho only thing that can raise tho modern pulpit to a higher pitch or provent it from sinking into dull doath, is tho continual conjunction of tho Spirit with tho Word. But, for this end, thora must bo continual prayer. Whonovor this is tho mutual dopendonco of pulpit and pow, signs nnd wonders will follow as in tho nnclont days ; and tho offioloncy of preaching will bo vindicated by its rosults. No need will be found for inventing novoltiea, or sighing after lofty genius and profound learn íng ; but ordinary human faculties, in conncc-1 tion with God's Holy.Öpirit, will be found as j sufficing aa when Peter's preaching pricked throo' thousand to tho heart on tho day of Pentecost. 