CARNGHAM. (From, the Ballaarat Times.) I took advantage of the holidays with which last week closed, to make a little trip to Smythe's Creek and Carngham, and will briefly relate what I saw, for the benefit of the readers of the Times. It was my first visit to the places mentioned, and what attracted my notice and interested me will probably prove inter- esting to those whose travels have never led them in the direction of Smythe's and Carngham. Starting from Bath's Hotel, the coach meandered through the made and unmade streets of the Township, until it emerged upon the bush, near the Redan Hotel, and thenceforth our way lay through the woods, the only road being the track formed by the passage of drays, coaches, &c;, though good enough of its kind, possessed such inequalities in its surface, and such difficult spots here and there, as to give the ex- cursion some of the interest which attends upon danger. The day was a fine one; there was that coolness in the air which, while the sun is powerful, gives piquancy to its flavor and renders inhalation a positive pleasure ; the trees among which we sought our devious way had put on some of their autumnal tints (such as Australian foliage assumes), and numerous birds of un- familiar plumage and strange habits twittering among the branches, gave life to the scene, and completed a picture that was not wanting in the elements of beauty. Occasionally we came upon a bit of cultivated land, but that 'healthful plenty ' which is the poet's ideal of rural life, was not strikingly conspicuous. Among the stubbles which surrounded the homesteads were seen numerous immense trees, some erect and some pros- trate, and their presence did violence to my notions of a well-ordered farm. The number of ricks in the farm yard too, was small in most cases, as compared with the breadth of stubble land ; and the potatoes still standing showed great blanks, which spoke ill of either the land or its cultivators. Arrived at Smythe's Creek, the scene that presented itself was a pleasing and animated one. The people were all alert and bustling, and there were unmistakable signs of prosperity observable. The narrow, little street in which the business of the place centres, has well-filled and orderly-looking stores ; the hotels have a clean and inviting appearance ; there are bank offices and a printing office to be seen ; and on Warren's Lead adjoin- ing whims and other deep-sinking apparatus are being erected, all of which give an air of substantiality to the place, while the frequent spectacle of a newly arrived family squatting by the way side seated upon their property, while the males of the party are busily engaged improvising a house for the night, gave proof of progress and increase. But before I had completed my survey of Smythes,' the coach was ready to proceed on to Carngham, and I had to rest contented with the little I had seen. One hour more of jolting through the bush and we reached the latter place, and as to visit it was the object of my journey I may be permitted to describe it more lengthily. Carngham, then, I may begin by acknowledging is rather a melancholy place to see. Like all great new rushes which have passed their culminating point, the aspect of it is depressing ; and it has not only passed the culminating point, but has proceeded a considerable way down the steep hill of decay. A few months ago there was a population of some eight thousand persons ; now there are not more than two thousand I should say ; and the many wide gaps in the row of dwellings which was once continuous tell of wholesale desertion. Of the diggings there is little news to tell. The rush to near the slaughtering yards, which was chronicled in the Times lately, was the last spurt of prosperity that the place has seen, and that proved a disappointment. I visited the spot, and found only one claim being wrought — namely, the prospecting claim, and I could not learn whether suc- cess rewarded even this party. The unlucky store keeper who had joined the rush, and set up his taber- nacle under a wide-spreading gum tree in the neighbor- hood, looked most woe-begone, and I dare say has drawn his tent-pegs by this time. In Mr Russell's paddock — the 57 acre paddock, which so much has been said and written about — there are many indications of industry if not of prosperity. A few of the original ticket-holders remain, and are work ing away at their claims, but the land is being let off on lease as fast as the proprietor can find occupiers for it, and a good deal of it has been taken up at the high rent of £35 per acre for three years. One party has nine acres on those terms, with the intention of work- ing the whole ground ; another (of Chinamen) have taken three acres; and other parties have taken smaller areas. It is expected that all the ground will soon be taken up in this way. The piece of ground formerly belonging to Mr Preston, but recently pur- chased by Mr Russell, is the busiest portion of the Carngham gold-field. There such activity is to be seen as remind the visitor of Ballaarat, and revives his spirits, which have been gradually drooping under the depressing influence of Carngham generally. On the Government road too, some animation is manifested. Much of it is dug into holes and hills and rendered utterly useless for the purpose for which it is destined, but the holes contain water and to it the miners bring their wash stuff from a long distance (for the district has been accursed with drought all the summer), and this tends to enliven the scene. As for the town itself, it is not difficult to describe. It consists of one street, nearly a mile in length, and as sinuous as the Mainroad of Ballaarat, twisting out and in apparently in very wantonness, for its most abrupt turns are where there is no apparent reason why the straight line should be abandoned. The buildings are, some of them, wholly of wood, and some of them wholly of cloth ; but generally these two materials have been combined in their construction, and in every possible proportion, only that cloth in the great majority of instance has the best of it by a long way. There are three hotels — and not exactly hotels either, for they have not been licensed, in consequence of being upon the road, I was told — and of those one does its best to push trade by the meretricious aid of a troupe of serenaders, while another relies principally upon a bagatelle board, and the third rests its claim to public support upon the substantial ground that it has more weatherboard and less calico than its rivals. Stores there are, of course, of every description — the Manchester, the Glasgow, and the Universal store, the Economic Boot and Shoe Mart, the Diggers' Bakery, &c.;, such as are to be seen at every diggings ; but there was this unwholesome feature — that a large number of them are ticketed "for sale, cheap," and it seemed as if the appearance of a stranger excited a feeling of ex- pectancy in the minds of the proprietors, as if they thought it just possible that he had come to purchase a bakery, or a general store or restaurant. Among the tents wholly deserted, places of public amusement were most nume- rous. A large building, describing itself in large letters as the Charlie Napier Casino, bore its reverses but poorly, and the ghosts of colored posters which kept possession of its walls seemed to mock at its misfor- tunes. Many dilapidtated tenements which the owners in their hasty retreat had not thought worth carrying away, exhibited over their doors the legends '"baga- telle", "skittles," "American bowls," &c.;, while graphic representations of those games, which a few months ago saw glistening in all the freshness of new paint, have been nearly obliterated by time and the weather. But the scene was not altogether wanting in the elements of the picturesque. The very irregularity of the lines of tents re- deems it from utter meanness, or at least tends to conceal that quality, and several large trees whose foliage overhangs the road, prevent its being altogether common-place. And after nightfall the scene was really attractive — nay, almost beautiful. All the sordid and vulgar objects which by day obtruded themselves upon the observation were concealed by the darkness, while the fires by the diggers' tents that dotted the hill side opposite illuminated the scene fit- fully and at intervals, and produced a picture, which, with a little help from the imagination, became posi- tively beautiful. But the time came when the hotels, whether of canvas or boards, would shut up for the night, and I retired to that one whose attraction lies in its sub- stantiality. There I had the luck to secure a room entirely to myself, except that there was another lodger in it and myriads of insects ; but I will not with draw the veil from the horrors of that night. At six in the morning I was driven forth into the cool morning air, with much loss of blood, and though I bear no malice, I would remark, while on the subject, that the Liverpool Anti- Vermin Office, of the operations of which news hast just reached the colony, might do worse than establish a branch at Carngham. What I experienced at my hotel, I would have experienced in most houses in the place, I was subsequently informed, which I mention in fairness to the most substantially built house of entertainment, and to make out the stronger case for the Liverpool, &c.; office. On escaping from my enemies I had the good luck to hear that there was a place about two miles distant, called the township, which was a pretty place to see, and boasted a comfortable inn. Thither I proceeded straight, and after walking a mile, I found that I had left the diggings behind me, and was in the midst of pretty Australian scenery. Another mile brought me to the inn, which turned out to be all that it had been described to me and more. It is a two storey brick house and, the landlord told me, fourteen years old ; it might easily be forty, so old fashioned does it look with its diminutive doors and windows. Here clean water and towels almost reconciled me to life, and a comfort able breakfast of real country fare, laid out upon an ir- reproachable table cloth, completed the operation. The little parlor in which it was served was a perfect gem with its two little windows, a third-rate fuschia in the one, and a third-rate Hydranigia in the other, planted in pots so delightfully antique, that if they were among the personal effects of the very earliest settlers, they must have been old fashioned then. My yarn must come to an end however. I got back to Ballaarat without further adventure, as the old novels have it, the homeward drive being beguiled of its tediousness by the conversation of five ladies who were my fellow passengers, and who, being fortunately entire strangers to each other found pleasant occupation in detailing, each for the benefit of all the others, the principal events of all their previous lives. The time proved somewhat short for the full carrying out of their several intentions in the way of autobiography, but there is no pleasure without some drawback. So ended my visit to Carngham. If it amuses the readers of the Times as it amused me, the time I have devoted to this account of it, will not have been misspent. 