item. 'TBI'KD PAPE. AURORA LEIGH. By Elizabeth Barrett Browning. IN this the last article on Mrs. Brown- for King's . book, we promised to tell the secret , of the story and we shall keep our word. It appears to us that the authoress shows the working of the female heart is in a way which has been rarely done before, , t when Aurora ruminated on the refusal, ' u which her whole nature demanded she a should give to her cousin Romney-her . whole nature, that is, as she at present is understood herself, and viewed the voca- n tion to which, she believed, heaven had d called her. Even clever persons sometimes commit serious mistakes ; well is it, when, as, in the case of-Aurora Leigh, v they are certified by the after life. Her g. mistake consisted in this, that she pro- or jected herself, so to speak, into the Future, V and treated the. Present as if its claims a were nought. With her, it was always, r< what is to be never what is. She laid bored, perhaps unconsciously, to keep her- h self apart from the real, every day calls it and claims of humanity, and lived in the " ideal world of the poet artist. . Are there no young persons of promise a who, in these respects, walk too closely a in the steps of Aurora" Leigh ? They s] dream away the best part of their exis- C{ tence, greatly concerned about what is to w be, rarely noting, with manly serious- a mess, the reality of the present. Atten- n tion to the present, is the best prepara- a tion for the future: jj Nothing could persuade her to marry Romney. His earnest (not passionate) *, pleading ; her aunt's remonstrances ; the ,' argument, that unless she marries Rom- ,< ney, she is penniless and homeless ; her aunt's sudden death, leaving her in that " condition, nearly ; an ingenious and generous attempt on his part, to prove to her that she was really possessed of a ^ fortune ; the prospect, immediately before a her, of the cold world as her home, and literature as a " profession stone of s these considerations moved her. And so c she went forth, not knowing whither she n went, young, ardent, hopeful, into the v " wide, wide world," in the firm faith that a " mission was appointed her, and that she, Aurora Leigh, was a power in s that world. She writes and bids fair is to rise to a high place in literature. She I is talked of in the drawing- rooms of v fashion ; she is admitted to the highest I literary circles ; there is no " let or hin- s France" to a successful authoress; and the ' cousin of Romney Leigh, for the Leigh's are an honorable, and honored family. } Meanwhile, Romney is prosecuting his i philanthropic schemes with untiring en- i ergy, and princely generosity, doing of much good, and doing no little harm. £ The motives are all right ; but the plans 9 are questionable-nay, they are, in many 1 respects, positively injurious. 1 There is a certain Marian Erle, whose r brutal mother treats her so, that she is s driven out into the world, to save her a honor. Destitute, and sick, she is taken into an institution and when about to leave the friendly walls, Romney asks her whither she is bound? It now strikes her, with awful force, that she is alone, and helpless in the world. He secures her a situation, in the great metropolis. " He sent her to a famous seiupstress-houso Far off in London, there to work and hope With that, they parted. She kept sight of heaven, But not of Romney Leigh. He had good to do To others through the days and through the nights, She sewed and sowed and sewed." Here is a picture of real life ; will the reader excuse the length of the extract, that we may have it presented to us in full. Look upon it study it perchance it will make you sad; there is something in it, also, that will gladden the thoughtful mind : "'Twas a year thence When Lucy Gresham, the sick seamstress girl, Who sewed by Marian's chair so still and quick, and leant her head upon the back to cough More freely when, the mistress turning round, The others took occasion to laugh out, Gave up at last. Among the Barkers, spoke A bold girl with black eyebrows and red lips, You know the news? Who's dying, do you think Our Lucy Gresham. I expected It As little' as Nell Hart's wedding.- Blush not, Nell, ? Thy curls bered enough without thy cheeks j " And, some day, there'll be a man to dote On red curls. Lucy Gresham swooned last night, Dropped sudden in the street while going home ; And now the baker says, who took her up And laid her by her grandmother in bed, He'll give her a week to die increase the silk. Let's hope he gave her a loaf too, within reach, For otherwise they'll starve before they die, That funny pair of bedfellows Miss Bell, I'll thank you for the scissors. The oltLcrone If partly heathens the reason why Our Lucy's thread want faster than her breath, Which went too quick, would know. Marian Erle.' Why, Marian Erle, you're not the fool tory! Your tears spoil Lady Waldemar's new dress, You piece of pity !' Marian rose up straight, And, breaking through the talk and through the work, Went outward, in the face of their surprise, To Lucy's home, to nurse her" back to life Or down to death. She know by such an act, All place and grace were forfeit in the house, Whose mistress would supply the missing hand With necessary, not inhuman haste, And take no blame. But pity, too, had does She could not leave a solitary soul To founder in the dark, while she sat still And lavished stitches on a lady's them As if no other work were paramount. ' Why, God, thought Marian, has a missing hand This moment ; Lucy wants a drink, perhaps. Let other's miss and never miss me, (Sod!' So Marian sale by Lucy's bed content With duty, and was strong, for recompense, To hold the lamp of human love arm- high To catch the death-rate rained eyes and comfort there Until the angels, on the luminous Side Of death, had got their ready." Cold must be the" heart that is not moved by this scene ; utterly incapable of appreciating moral heroism must be the soul that does not breathe forth a blessing on the heart of Marian Erle j twice dead to all aspirations after goodness, must tho and he, that does not purpose to imitate ttoboijrwuBplor" Lucy died ; but so gently did she pass away, that it was like passing from sleep j to sleep. "So gently, like the light upon a hill, Of which none names the moment that it goes, Though all see what 'was gone." Just now, Romney, on his walks of philanthropy, enters the house, and stood beside the bed. A voice said,-" Marian Erle 1" " She rose It was the hour for angels-there stood hors !" It must suffice to say, that, through a much longer process than we can take time to describe, and, by no means an unnatural one, they were drawn together and in due time, and in appropriate circumstances, Marian Erle is to be the bride of Romney Leigh. The day is fixed, that this large philanthropist, and scion of a noble family, shall ally himself with a daughter of the people, and thus give the best of all proofs of the sincerity of his motives, and permanency of his plans. Does the reader remember a Lady Waldemar, whose dress narrowly escaped spearing, when Marian shed those burn- ing tears for Lucy Gresham ? You do ? Well, this noble dame-a widow, but fair and fascinating finds her way to Au- Flora's " upstairs dwelling," and at once announces the forthcoming marriage, and reveals her passion for Romney. A heart- less woman is Lady Waldemar. And fail- ing to enlist Aurora's help to break off the marriage, she spouts, and puts on airs, and leaves in high dudgeon. She is not to be baulked ; this " cotton-girl," this " seamstress," shall not stand between her and Romney Leigh. So she vowed and she kept her vow. So artfully, and successfully did she-this polished, heartless woman-poison the pure, and sensitive, and loving heart of Marian, that on the morning of the wedding, she disappears, and no one knows whither she has bent her steps - At this stage of the story, we would fain have given some extracts, to show how admirably the authoress has managed the conflicting feelings that come now into play, but space forbids it. Lady Waldemar ingratiated herself with Romney and it looks as if his weary spirit would, at last, find repose in the bosom of this accomplished lady. Repose, sustaining sympathy, happiness, from such a source Impossible : A whited sepul- care full of dead men's bones 1 No, no, my lady, when men want happiness, and womanly help, they don't go to such as you. Aurora, with the fine instinct of a noble spirit, resolves to seek the hat one. Now, she is becoming practical. She loves Marian as a sister ; she mourns over her with deep, but not with helpless grief. For Romney, her deepest feelings are moved and she fancies' (so little does she, the poet artist, know herself) that if she could but restore to him the lost one, his happiness would be secured, and here also in his. She goes to the Continent ; she makes diligent search, for she has perfect faith in Marian's principles and virtue and when she has found and restored her, she will seek repose in her own beautiful Italy. Time passes, and no tidings of the lost. One day, Aurora gets a glimpse of her in Paris ; but she is immediately lost again to her view. This is one of the ablest parts of the poem and from it there are profound lessons to be learned by US all. Some things are against Marian ; the hasty, and the unfeeling would have adjudged her guilty-foully guilty-and there would have been an end to the matter. Not so Aurora Leigh. Though sorely perplexed, and sadly grieved, she still put faith in her sister. She could not believe her guilty she could not conceive of her fallen. She would believe her innocent, till her guilt was proved made as plain and undeniable as the presence of the sun in a cloudless day. By and bye they meet, when evasion is impossible, and it is true undeniably true that that child, of which Aurora had got a glimpse-is Marian's ! In the name of purity-of all that is virtuous, should she not JIOIO be condemned, cast off, and shunned The world says " yes" put from you, chase into loathsome darkness, and unbroken oblivion, the guilty wretch ! Before you, good reader, join in the cry, hear the truth Lady Waldemar's agent, instead of sending her ladyship's hapless and miserable victim to the Australias, conveys her straight to Paris. Read what follows, and say who is the guilty person : " You feel a You understand No, do not look at me, But understand. The blank, blind, weary way Which led. where'er sted away, at least; The shifted ship..., to Sydney, or to France.. Still bound, wherever else, to another land The swooning sickness on the dismal sea, The foreign shore, the shameful house, the night, The feeble blood, the heavy-headed grief,.,.. No need to bring their damnable drugged cup, And yet they brought it.'. When waking up at last. I told you that I waked up in the grave." Who will throw the first stone at Marian Erle? We know One who would have said,-" neither do I condemn thee. We shall not attempt to apportion the guilt. But guilt there is-awful guilt in the sight of high heaven. 0, if this exposure of these dens of infamy, that abound in all the great cities of the Old World, were to lead to the application of some remedy, how many victims, young, innocent, lovely, and unsuspecting, might be saved ! Of all the places, this side of hell, those infernal dens, in which such persons as Marian Eric are drugged and ruined, demanded execration ; the mon- sters the female monsters who allure their victims to those dons, merit unutterable loathing, and the bitterest cursing that human language can frame : the men are they men for whose pleasure those innocents are sacrificed, are ten thousand times worse than dogs, and should be shunned, and pointed at, and kicked out of all society. Demons they are in human shape. Righteous heaven will not always be silent in sight of all this traffic in virtue; God hears the cry of the innocent and helpless, and woe to the transgressors when He cometh to judgment! Her terrible, sad story told, Aurora's soul " rose up to take her part, against us that the world could 5s or do. " Come with me sweetest sister, I returned, ' And sit within my house, and do me good From henceforth, thou and thine ! ye are my own From henceforth. I am lonely in the world, And thou art lonely, and the child is half An orphan. Come.' " Could anything be more touching, and exquisitely natural than this : " She looked me in the face and answered not, Nor signed she was unworthy, nor gave thanks, But took the sleeping child and held it out To meet my kiss as if requiring me And trusting me at once." And so they journeyed southwards to Italy. " It is strange, To-day while Marian told her story, like To absorb most listeners, how I listened chief To a voice not hers, nor yet that enemy's, Nor God's in wrath but one that mixed with mine Long years ago, among the garden trees, And said to me, to m; too,-' Be my wife Aurora !' It is strange with what a swell Of yearning passion, as a snow of ghosts Might beat against the impervious doors of heaven, I thought,-' Now, if I had been a woman, such As God made Women, to save men by love, By just my love I might have saved this man, And made a nobler poem for the world Than all I have failed in.' " The secret will be out : " O Romney, O my Romney, O my friend ! i My cousin and friend ! my helper, when I would, My love, that might be mine ! Why, how one weeps When one's too weary ! were a witness by, He'd say some folly.... that I loved the man, Who knows ?" She writes home the story of Marian Erle and Romney sets out for Florence. A aurora believes he has married Lady Waldemar and on his arrival she exclaims, " You are come, My cousin Romney this is wonderful. But all is wonderful on such summer nights ; And nothing should surprise us any more, Who see that miracle of stars. Behold !" What remains is soon told-it is told by the authoress with thrilling effect he feels bound in honor to offer his hand to Marian Erle, Aurora's letters having reached in time, and other circumstances having transpired, to prevent this marriage with Lady Waldemar. Marian has sworn never to marry. And the end is, after much, and admirably managed cross-play of words, big with loving meanings, that Aurora makes this declaration, having discovered that Romney is stone blind : " In one respect, Just one, beloved am in no wise changed ; 1 love you-loved j art loved you first and last, And love you on for ever. Now I know I loved you always, Romney !" . says A voice said low and rapid as a sigh, Yet breaking, I felt conscious, from a smile, ' Thank God, who made me blind, to make me see ! Shine on Aurora, dearest light of souls, Which rul'st forevermore both day and night ! I am happy !' " Thus ends the book j but its influence will not end with the reading of it. The wise and the well-doing will mark the following things, all the more that they have followed closely the career of Aurora Leigh : Men should be wise in their philanthropy j there is something greater than artistic excellence every day DUTY, lovingly performed ; the highest attainment is submission to the Divine Will ; " honesty is the best policy j" there are some Christ-like souls in the world; conformity to God's will is true happiness. It has been to us a labor of love, to call the attention of the public in these papers-to this, the ablest Poem that has been published in London, for years ; and now, that all who are disposed, may read and judge for themselves, it is not the least part of our pleasant service to say, that we shall present the copy, used for this Review, to the Library of the School of Arts. \- Brisbane. G. W. 