The following Article on the Topography, of Tasmania, from the pen of one of the oldest Surveyors in the Colony, Mr. J. E. Calder, will, we doubt not, be read with interest by our English readers. The article has been published in four numbers of the Daily Mercury; but, so thoroughly are we convinced that a knowledge of the resources of Tasmania is all that is requisite to induce the influx here of the honest industry re- quired to make those resources practically available, that we make no apology for re- publishing it in the Supplement to our Monthly Summary, for the information of our friends at home. It is to be sincerely regretted that matters possessed of so much interest to thousands in Britain should remain unknown by them. The difficulty to be overcome in these stirring times of war and rebellion in order to give any other subject a prominence is well known and keenly felt. The British press, and conse- . quently the British people, know about as ' - much of the beautiful Australian Colony of Tasmania as they do about the North West . Passage. The consequence is that the rich minerals and arable lands of the Colony lie useless and unprofitable; whilst thousands, who might turn them to good account both for themselves and for us, remain in ignor- ance of their existence. With the hitherto unequalled liberality of our Land Bill, by which those possessed of the most moderate capital can immediately turn their labor to account on land of their own, having a num- ber of years allowed to pay the purchase money on the land selected by them; with the unrivalled splendour of our climate; and with the well-established richness of our mines ; surely Tasmania ought to form the centre of attraction to intending immigrants, notwithstanding the rich gold fields of her neighbours. Honest industry, with sobriety, canot fail to secure a competence here. lt is the knowledge of'this which induce us so fearlessly and so continually lo invite those . to our shores who can find no remunerative field for their labor at home. We can have no object in deceiving them, because we could derive no personal advantage from doing so. Our aim is to see the Colony ad- vance, which she would do were her capa- bilities adequately estimated and appreci- ated; and to see those by whose agency he prosperity is secured and her resources made known, happy and prosperous also. TOPOGRAPHICAL SKETCHES OF TASMANIA. Written for the Hobart Town Mercury, By J. E. Calder, Esq., Surveyor. I THINK it cannot have escaped the notice of every reader of Tasmanian literature how little it has done to extend our knowledge ol the topo graphy of the romantic and Alpine island ot the south. It is a subject generally avoided by co- lonial writers, who seem to think it unworthy the notice of those, to whose instruction and entertainment they have voluntarily undertaken to minister. Not once a twelve-month do we meet even a solitary paragraph, in any of the numerous periodicals of Australia, or our own island, on a subject that could hardly fail proving instructive and entertain- ing to all, but more especially to that large class of the community who are condemned, so to speak, to pass the chief portions of their existence, in the inanimate cities of the land; and who have therefore little means of acquiring any intelligence, either of the physical aspect or productive capacity of those portion ,of their country that lie beyond the confines o the small circles, of which their rarely vacated homes form the central points. .Equally astonishing is it to those, who like myself, have made it the business of their lives to travel through and through the land, to dis- cover how little the very native bom themselves know of their own country, beyond the limited districts they belong to ; and to which they ap- pear as ineradicably attached, as their own beau- tiful mimosas are to the soil. True, since the discovery of gold in Victoria, they have nearly .all become travellers, but not in their own land ; and they are far more conversant with that coun- try than their own, which first-named offers no such difficulties to locomotion, as the backwood!, ot Tasmania do, where they are sometimes ab- solutely insuperable. In respect to other countries which we in the Australias are ready and vain enough to believe are not beyund ourselves in civilization, how much arc ne behind them in our literary career, In the southern colonies, it would appear, as if . we understood no description of writing that is not controversial, and studied no language but that of dispute. Every thing that issues from the colonial press confirms the statement, The example of other communities is nothing to us; their methods of instructing their reade» being unsuited to our tastes. We prefer leading ours through the lower regions of study, devoted only to contentious bickering, to carrying them into the more elevated and agreeable altitudes, where angry controversies are incapable of ascending to, and where the mind for a while, at least, is diverted from the degradlng contemplation ot religious or political strife. If it falls within the plan of your journal to receive Narratives of travel, I purpose furnishing you with a few papers detailing some of the events connected with the thirty years wander- ings of a Government Surveyor, through the undescrlbed and rarely visited wilds of Cen- tral and Western Tasmania , not only in the hope of their proving instructive to those who have no opportunities of visiting such scenes,but that the example of your journal will have the good.effect of encouraging a taste for topogra- phical studies here, amongst some of the many supporters of Tasmanian Literature. I will commence the first of my narrative, with an account of the country between the township of Deloraine and the settlement of Emu Bay, drawn from notes written on the spo by myself a few years ago, during a series of journeys made in that quarter by the order of the Government of Tasmania. The extent of surface described in my present narrative, is about fifteen hundred square miles, or a mil- lion of acres in round numbers. I was living in the dull, the inanimate, unimproving township of Oatlands, in October of 18--, when I started on the mission in question, reaching the little village of Deloraine, 30 miles west of the capital of the North, Launceston, on the 8th, which did not then contain more than twenty humble tenements. This place was the starting point of my journey; and where I ob- tained my supplies from, for the 53 days of wan- dering amongst the gloomy forests of the North West. On the 9th, 10th, and 11th, I completed all my arrangements for the start, which notwith- standing the flooded condition of every river, from recent rains, I made immediately. But betöre proceeding to business it may not be im- proper to present the reader with some account of the companions of my journey. Three probationary passholders were all I took with me, one a mere youth who had charge of the provision depot, which I established as soon as I could in the middle of the district which I was commissioned to examine and report on, and whom it is not necessary to mention further. The other two travelled with me, namely, a burly half-civilised Irishman, in whom were combined the strength of the horse, with all the clumsiness of the jackass. He was, however, a most good-natured and willing fellow, and the thorough honesty which so often and honorably distinguishes the canaille of Ireland, was remarkably apparent in this man, whom it never forsook, even alter passing through these demoralising asylums, the British reformatory schools, namely, the prison, the hulk, the convict ship, and the degrading probationary station. The other fellow was a thorough going denizen of the smoky regions of British Cockaigne; whose education in the academies of vice, was more finished than that of the Irishman. Of the numerous equivcal and unequivocal qualities which are picked up in such establishments, a copious share had fallen on this man, who was flash, saucy, talkative, presumptuous, consequential; idle, and thievish; his virtues bearing 'about the same proportion to his vices, as the thin layer of silver on a bad shilling does to the base compound it covers. He was moreover one of those pests of Australian Society known as a bush lawyer whose talents for pitching* and skiting** make them a nuisance wherever they are found. The abilities of this attractive person enabled him to take either side of any question whatever, for he could talk on all with the most perfect fluency, whether be knew anything about them or not, which latter was generally the case. His mouth, like the Cockney sportsman's gun, was always on full cock, ready for an explosion at any moment. He was equally at home with the shepherd, in discussing the qualities, treatment, and value of all kinds of stock, of which he knew absolutely nothing, as he was with myself, with whom the beast was unceasingly trying to argue on professional matters, of which he understood just about as much as a Hottentot does of fluxions. I had retained this fellow in my service long after I ought to have dismissed him - firstly, from a * Telling improbable adventures. ** Blatherskiting, or talking nonsense with all, the airs and gravity of a sensible fellow. dislike of new faces; secondly, because he was a good walker; thirdly, because I could not get rid of him easily; and fourthly, that I was an admirer of his impudent wit, of his faculty for clipping the Queen's good English, and of his Cockney pronunciation. It may not be out of place to introduce a specimen of the latter, which would bear a creditable comparison with even the choicest explosions of Sir. W. Curtis. While I was one day writing a few notes, the lazy lawyer took advantage of the short halt, and let go his anchor without properly examining his mooring ground, and down he lay in too close proximity to a hill of black ants (or "black dragoons" as we call them here), whereon a large body of these enemies of repose put the "right of search" into instant force, introducing themselves by handsful through the many rents of the poor tatterdemalion garments to a closer acquaintance with his person. About a score were down his back in a twinkling, and three times that number overhauling the other parts of his dirty exterior. As usual, they were not slow in coming to rough play, and the maddened traveller sprung to his feet, pale with terror, and howling with pain. The activity they infused into the lazy wretch, so opposite to his usual torpidity, was most laughable. He was undressed and twenty yards off in an instant. Soon after, when the lawyer's serenity was a little restored, I hazarded the question as to what he thought of the welcome of his late visitors, "Wengeance and wiolence on all such wisitors," cried he with passionate volubility, "the wile and willanous warmint are as wicious and wenomous as wipers." On the 13th October I left the Meander, on which Deloraine is situated. This stream is here about thirty yards broad, and spanned by one of those cheap and not very durable constructions, a common log bridge. We pushed forward along the track known as the Port Sorell road, which leads to the usual fording place of the Mersey river. The soil across which we had to pass was good, and of a reddish color, producing pretty heavy forests on the first three miles, when we entered on a beautiful tract of country long since taken up by the Fields, the Archers, the Moriartys, &c.;, which indeed is mostly the case in the occupied portions of Tasmania, namely, that directly you set your foot on any valuable spot, you discover that Her Majesty has long since ceased to have any direct interest in it, her possessions being generally confined to what no one seems overanxious to dispute with her. Leaving these fine farms, which lie about the Whitefoord Hills, the surface becomes more and more undulatory, the vallies narrow, and the soil inferior. The road itself passes down a worthless hollow, drained by a small rill called the Coiler's Creek (probably after some such lazy " coiler " as the lawyer), which eventually falls into the Mersey. Little or no grass is found in this dreary ex- panse, which is not lost sight of till ws approach the last named river, at 16 miles from Delo- raine. Its white coloured soil, its peculiar trees and herbage, attest its infertility. Of the former, the stringy bark and peppermint predominate in numbers over all others. The native hop, the stunted tea tree, cutting grass and low ferns, (all emblems of sterility,) comprise the lesser objects of vegetation, as far as it is interesting to the farmer. On the bank of this river there stood at the time I write of, one of those schools of idleness and nurseries of vice, called Probation Stations, to which our erring follows were consigned, to fit them, ostensibly at least, for their return to that society from whence they were expelled. In common, I believe with most people, I had always a hatred of these odious looking edifices. Their uniform want of neatness of design ; the entire absence of solidity in their construction ; .the slovenly and tasteless manner in which they were patched together; their mean and dismal look ; the entire absence of energy, bustle, and activity, always astir in the abodes of industry ; the monotonous and infernal ding-dong of the ever jingling bell, so ostentatiously ringing the repulsive looking inmates to some new labor, where next to nothing was ever done, rarely failed of exciting emotions of disgust in the vi' sitor or passer-by. I was therefore not sorry when I left these desolate mansions behind me, notwithstanding the civil attention I received from all the officers, most of whom, I soon dis- covered, liked the place and admired the insane discipline they had to put in force about as much as I did. * The Mersey is a rapid stream, flowing over a bottom of loose stones, so worn and knocked about by the never-ceasing action of the current that their surface is nearly as smooth as polished marble, thus making the operation of fording it, especially if only a little flooded, a highly dis- agreeable adventure. At the point where the Port Sorell track crosses it,- it is not more than fifty yards wide when at its summer level, and about half as much more when full or half full, -as it most unfortunately was on the occasion of my visit. Owing to the flooded state of the stream, the carter, whom I had hired at Delo- raine (and was green enough to pay at starting), wisely refused to face it with his team ; so un- ceremoniously removing my baggage from his cart, and then jumping into it himself, he wished me good morning and bolted, without even the civility of listening to a single remonstrance against this politic, but wholly unexpected pro cedure. I was thus reduced to the necessity of crossing my stores as I best could, and not much relishing the probationer, I determined on doing it directly, and at all risks, rather than remain too near them. This, however, was not to be done without their accursed assistance, which I speedily secured, for every man on the station was ready to undertake the dangerous adventure, for the mere chance of pil- fering me. In fact, the opportunity was too rare and too good to be lost. About a dozen of many volunteers were told off for the service, and at it we went at once ; and each man laden according to his strength, entered the impetuous torrent. Now whether it resulted from accident or design I cannot undertake to say, but every one of the party except myself and one of my own men, were down before they were half way over, and I had the mortification of seeing nearly all I had in the water, of which at least a third was eventually lost, But as the devil's children have the devil's luck, they all got up safe and I had not even the comfort of seeing; any one of them drowned as they deserved to be. The accident, I afterwards learned, was the result of a deliberate plan to plunder me, for I believe every thing was recovered by some ot their trusty associates, who lined the river bank, at a sharp bend, a few hundreds yards below, where the foaming current swept every thing ashore, except a few small weighty articles .such as a travelling compass, mountain barometer, &c;, which no one cared a straw about but myself. In " taking stock'* directly afterwards, I as- certained the extent of my losses, which were just as stated above, but being accustomed to losses and crosses of this nature all my life, it did not trouble me much, and I went heartily to work to leave the accursed neighbourhood as soon as possible. My object being to push for- ward my supplies to the only settlement on the line of country I intended to travel through, namely the cattle station of a gentleman named Field, lying at the base of a most magnificent mountain called " Rowland's Repulse," where I proposed establishiiig a provision depot, or citj of refuge to fall back on at every exhaustion of the knapsack The place was ten miles from the Mersey ford, and the difliculty of moving forward several hundredweight of stores to it, was greatly increased by the loss of the cart, es- pecially as I had but one man with me who was worth much. This employment is one of the severest, most back-breaking and laborious of bush toils, and can be only understood by those who have had it to perlorm, I therefore deter mined to escape it if possible I had heard, during my stay at Deloraine, that a strong and valuabje pony, the property of the Government, had been left in charge ofsotne stock-riders, living only a few miles off, by the chief of a surveying party some months before This horse after having accompanied the famoua Strezelecki in his many wanderings through the arastes ol Tasmania, was purchased for the use of the gentleman in question, who was then employed in the dreary and desperate task, of openng a road to the estates of the V. D. Land Company. As this horse was designed for a very similar work to that which I was engaged on, I thought my title to the temporary use of han quite clear enough to justify me in recoveringhim from these fellows, who were using him as their own and who I doubted not intended to ap- propriate him eventually, if no enquiries were 1 made about him. My office I considered armed me with sufhcient authority to justify me in "annexing" him to my own party, and which, naht or wrong, I determined on doing, if possi-i- ble even if all the saints in the calendar were against me. It is generally at outlying stations, like this, that stock-riders of the old school are even now to be met with. They are a peculiar race of beings, with more of the devil than the man in them. Viewed professionally, they are hardy, daring, and audacious. Constantly in the saddle, they are often very fearless riders, and expert in riding -in and yarding their more than half-wild herds. Accustomed to little or no control, they acquire a sort of rakish independ ence of character and devil-may-care manner, ' . I restored him to the Government a few weeks after, by whom be was consigned to the àuctïoneer and sold for £6, having 12 months before cost £50. more pleasant to read of than to encountor in' real life. They are men on all accounts to be respectfully admired rather than loved. It was to a community of these man-demons that I was now about to introduce myself. I had heard before enough of these men to know what sort of a reception I might expect when I demanded the horse ; but the urgency of my present circtimstances admitted of no half mea- sures, nor any abandonment of my design. I therefore, next morning re-crossed the Mersey and took the road for their hut, with nothing in my head but the successful accomplishment of the most hopeless of errands. It was perhaps lucky for me, that neither myself nor my business in this quarter were un- known to these men ; with several of whom I was sufficiently acquainted to prevent them affect- ing to regard me as a mere stranger. It was long before what our old poets termed 'high noon,' that I found myself at the hut of my friends the stock-riders ; an hour thal I had very cunningly selected as the most likely for catching all but the hut-keeper out. But as it is ordered in this most perverse world of ours, that the cleverest calculators are often a good deal out of their reckoning, so it fell out on this unlucky morning with me, when, death to my hopes! I found the whole fraternity at home! Brutus in presence of Caesar's ghost at Phillipi was not more crest- fallen than I, as I entered the half haunted hut of these grim and devilish looking spectres, whom I had hoped to have found abroad. It is impossible to describe my sensations as I approached their domicile and suddenly founl myself in the midst of six or eight ogres, more ill-favoured than any ever delineated in romance, or dreamed of in the Nursery. ''.Its all over with me and be d-d to them," thought I, " I shall never get him out of these fellows' clutches on this side eternity," such was my mental soliloquy as I studied their repulsive looking faces; " but never mind" was my second thought, "here goes" was my third. So pluck- ing up as well as I could, and hiding a sinking heart under a bold face, I ventured on address- ing myself to these living goblins of the bush. Without however wasting more words than ne- cessary on such fellows, I briefly explained the nature of my business respecting the horse, told them I had come for him, and concluded by asking when and where he was to be had ? My confident air, though wholly assumed, threw all their sails aback at once, like an unexpected' squall, and deprived them for the moment of their usual self possession. Indeed had a shell burst amongst Ihem, it could not have thrown them more off their guard, than this impudent and most unexpected sally did. But whatever was their surprize, it was no greater than my own, when I saw one of them, the hut-keeper, go ou tand actually bring forth the horse in question ! I followed him like his shadow, being glad to get out of the den;*' this is the horse I suppose" said the fellow, "the very one" said I, who had never seen him before. " And what about this saddle and bridle that Mr. Kentish left here, " oh I want them too" said I as bold as brass, though I had never heard of them till now, and took them from him to pre- vent misconception. The alarmed devils within, who had now partly recovered their wits, came outside, and I read in their angry and scowling countenances, their entire disapproval of the whole procedure. So thinking it best to be off with my prize as soon as I could, I saddled and bridled him quicker I believe than ever horse was caparisoned before ; for I had no doubt if I gave them time for reflection, that matters might take a wholly different turn, for I well knew them to be men, who for a less matter than this, would have thrown half a dozen such fellows as me into the creek. So without wasting their time by reply- ing to any of the hard questions they now began plying me with, or troubling them with any ex- planations as to who I was ? of which they were suddenly seized with the most deplorable ignorance, I jumped on his back and galloped off with him, leaving them to talk the matter over at their leisure, when I was gone, while I made the best of my way down to the Mersey,too happy in the result of my adventure, to stay to receive their felicitations on my achievements. I once or twice after met these men, but with- out their shewing the least ill will to me. In fact I had outwitted them, and I believe the only effect of my enterprize on them was to raise me in their, valuable opinions, for when they had the chance, they treated me with unusual attentions. To hasten forward my supplies was now my principal business ; and with all my heart, soul and strength, did I work at it for several con- secutive days ; but it was not till the 18th that all was completed, and a comfortable permanent encampment established, by the side of a small brook which partly drains the tract called Kentish Plains, a grassy forest Interspersed with some small open glades, and occupying in all about five thousand acres, or eight square miles, and situate about ten miles from the Mersey ford. But my narrative would be incomplete, if I neglected to describe the country between the ford and our new encampment at " Kentish." Very little arable land is to be found in the neighbourhood of the Mersey River, at least within several miles of the stream ; some small marshes, principally on its left bank, constitute all I saw ; for at no great distance from the margin, the suiface swells into huge hills of an unprepossessing character, leaving very little room for level land between their bases and the water. The small marshes above alluded to are very rich, and without trees ; and are more- over covered with a swarth of grass, more re- sembling that of a garden lawn than of ordinary bush land. Proceeding up the river, we reach its first tributary at about 4 miles from its crossing place. This little river is called the Dasher, and is about twice or thrice the size of the Hobart Town Rivulet. Contrary to the old adage, this slow stream is but a shallow one, its waters ap- pearing to crawl rather than run over their stony bed. At one point only, where it pours through a beautifully wild and picturesque hollow such as Salvator would have delighted to paint, is its pace something more fiery and impetuous, and it rushes with increased velocity through a narrow, deep, and most remarkable gorge, evidently grooved in tho indurated rock, by the destruc, ttve action of its own current. The cliffs thus formed, are beautiful and very abrupt, and ex- hibit a long perspectlve of massive precipices, which one might gaze on a very longtime with- out tiring. The route continues for several miles along or near the banks of the Dasher, and pretty close also to the base of the Sunridge Tiers, where the surface yields little if any grass or useful herbage of any description. We next enter one of those marvellous forests so common in the western half of Tasmania, but dissimilar I believe to any thing known in the | rest of ihe world ; and often, though not uni- formly, as famous for the excellence of its soil, as ¡ that soil is for the vigorous and gigantic forests l that adorn it. The width of this beautiful tract is about four miles. I called it the "Forest of | Arden," adopted from the geographical nomen- clature of Warwickshire. The soil of the Forest of Arden is a rich and thick stratum of what is termed vegetable earth, and of every hue from brownish red to deep black. It is sometimes though rarely stony; and were it divested of the terrific trees and close-growing underwood that flourish here, would yield extraordinary crops. But the ex- pense of clearing, it added to its inland situation, I offers very little hope of it's conversion to the j purposes of cultivation for at least a generation or two, till the population of the colony has so ' increased, as to secure us inland markets, but I which is little likely to occur so long as the neighbouring territory of Victoria remains im- perfectly inhabited, and thus continues to drain off the people of contiguous countries, less fertile and flourishing than herself. No account of Tasmania can ever be perfect that neglects the description of the wonderful forests of the West. Yet what published account | ever descrlbed them or at least bestowed on them the notice they deserve? Careless indeed have been the historians of Tasmania, or little qualified for the task of physical delineation, who have so very generally overlooked the most I prominent object on her varied surface. The illiterate garreteer who pretended to describe I Sicily, and forgot that Etna was there, was no i greater charlatan than he who writes of Tasmania without noticing the marvellous forests of the West. It has been wisely said that the ways of Providence are mysterious, and the extra- ordinary growth of millions of trees in many of the forests of an island, situate in those cool and temperate latitudes, just midway between the fiery regions of the equator and the polar ices, offers but another instance confirmatory of the sacred adage. It is a matter well fitted for serious enquiry, to what combination of natural causes we are to impute the phenomenon of forests of trees of such extra- ordinary magnitude (that fable could scarcely exaggerate their proportions), flourishing in la- titudes not usually favorable for the monstrous development they so commonly attain in the western parts of Tasmania. I do not propose entering on the enquiry myself, being deeply sensible ot my inability to cope with a task, the difficulties of which might repel abler and far more learned men than I pretend to be. It is only my business to state the fact, the Investi- gation of which I may leave to those capable of divesting it,of the difficulties. Another remarkable circumstance connected with our forests, is the appearance of tropical plants amongst them, often flourishing at eleva- tions where the temperature must be very low. | Beside the gigantic fern trees, there is another tree less know., (and apparently altogether 'out of its latitude'), namely,a superb species of the palm tree, which occasionally reaches the height ol thirty feet, of which some are to he found on the mountains within a dozen miles of Hobart Town, namely, on Collins Cap, or rather in its neighbouring forest. Yet, except in those situations where the timber of these forests may bo turned to profit- able account, how much have we not to regret in their existence ? What thousands of square miles do they not cover and thus exclude from cultivation? Were it possible to eradicate them, how changed would be the condition of Tasmania, and how different her prospects from what they are now? Lands scarcely worth having at present would then be cheap almost at any price, and wastes apparently condemned to perpetual neglect, and hopeless solitude, would then, in truth, give to Tasmania that character for productiveness which we now more often than righteously claim for her. These forests, notwithstanding* the awe-in- spiring magnitude of most of their trees (50, 60, and even 100 feet in girth, and 200 or 300 high*), and the nearly impenetrable closeness of their underwood, often present the traveller with scenes which it is impossible to contemplate without satisfaction. The foliage of many of the lesser trees and flowering shrub, unlike the larger sorts, is exquisitely brilliant and beautiful and the depressing influence so often felt when push- ing through them, is frequently relieved by the agreeable, though circumscribed, scenery of tile forest. The musk, the sassafras, the straight mimosa, the laurel, the fern tree, the palm, &c;, &c.;, flourish in these situations in the closest and most formidable association, and are often as superbly grouped, as their combinations are pleasing and agreeable. The intelligent traveller, passing through these gloomy wastes, will always find abundance to admire even where there is so much to condemn ; and if he experi- ence weariness and distress in these abodes of primeval solitude, he will not be without pleas- ing sensations also, if he have but a soul to ap- preciate the beautiful and the grand, which nature has not denied even to these dreary and deserted regions. I am well aware of the risk I am running of falling into disfavor with the Tasmanian native born, in thus hazarding opinions and statements .on the subject of the limited productiveness of this hilly and not greatly favored country. I know the extent of their good qualities well, and that they are too deeply tinged with love of home to incline them to hear with patience one word -even of truth-against the somewhat unpre- possessing island of their birth. The press of the country, and the writings of idly compli- mentary or ignorant strangers, have deluded them into the preposterous notion that no soil is so productive, no climate so salubrious, no at- mosphere so pure, no skies so blue and beautiful as their own ! and he who describes the island as it is," or paints the landscape, "As truth will paint it, but as bards will not,'' must expect no patient attentions from his audi- tors, who listen with less rapture to the tale which describes the blemishes as well as the beauties of the land, than to the glowing narra- tives of romance, that exclude every unattrac- tive scene, and gloss over every defect; and who condemn the painter who trusts to the correct delineatiun of shadow, for the production of light. They almost call to mind the bigotry of the despairing Brahmin we read of, who dashed the microscope to atoms that shewed him the countless forms of life mingled with his daily rice, and which he too confidently believed he had never destroyed, until the accursed glass re- vealed the undesired truth. Emerging from the gloomy forest of Arden, the land for a mile or two is of a very unproduc- tive and miserable description, but improves in quality and grassiness as we enter on the tract called Kentish or Kentish Plains, of which I need give no further account. The beautiful eminence called Roland's Repulse is close to these Plains, and is, I believe, the handsomest mountain in Tasmania. But let not the beauty of this deceptive mound of rock und forest tempt any future traveller to explore its recesses or ascend its summit; or lot him rely on it, that hardly any caution will pre- vent him from entangling himself in a dilemma, if he should be so unfortunate, nas was my own case, as to have his ambition gratified by reach- ing the top. He, by whom it was first desig- nated, did wisely to add to his own name, some characteristic of the difficulty and uncertainty of successfully ascending this Koh-i-noor of Tas- manian difficulties, which if it be not a moun- tain of light, is, like the diamonds of Bass's Straits, one of delusion. With higher views however than those of more ambition, I now engaged in the difficult labor of exploring this accursed mountain ; my object being to acquire a good general knowledge of the configuration of those extensive wastes, the coup d'oeil of which it commands; and to ascertain the extent of open mind, if any, lying within eye-range. For it was not the useless jungle alone that I wanted to examine, but lands that might be turned to immediate and profit- able account. With this intention I started with a heavy load on my back, designed to sup. port a twelve days journey, and accompanied by my two travelling companions, each similarly provided for. I travelled from Field's hut on a general bearing of S, I5 ° W., which I fancied, and unfortunately aright, was the best way of ascent. The soil for the first two miles was generally indifferent. I then crossed the early waters of the slow-paced Dasher, flowing across or skirting a small grassy plain of 7 or 8 acres, which lies hidden in the tall dark forests that crowd the mountain's base. For another half mile I continued on level ground, and of a very good kind, when the up hill work commenced, and which [except the last mile] pretty much resembles the ascent of most of our mountains, being steep, heavily wooded, disgustingly scrubby, and covered with fallen trees, lying in every conceivable and inconceivable direction, in chaotic arrangement and great profusion. This style of things continued for several miles, till we reached the base of the enormous black rock that constitutes the higher part of this mountain, and which I should think is little less difficult of ascent than the seaward slopes of Gibraltar themselves. These massive and gigantic cliff's extend round the whole of the cut, north, and western fronts of this great eminence, towering above the forests [that grow up to its very baso] to the height of certainly little less than a thousand feet, and in comparison with which, the highest cliffs of Mount Wellington sink into contemptuous insignificance. A few very narrow gorges, or mere slits in the face of these immense cliffs, and which I saw from below, offer the sole means of reaching the top. These passages are no where more than 10 or 12 feet wide, inac cessible precipices on the right and left, prevent- ing the slightest divergence from the limited space allotted to the traveller. The pass or chasm I had fallen into, was steep almost to precipitousness and choked with nn entangled underwood, that I struggled through with the last difficulty and toil ; the task of pioneering falling exhaustfugly on myself, who led up. At this elevation, the musk, the sassafras, the dog. wood, and the multitudinous species of Tasmanian ferns entirely disappear; but this was no subjoct for consolation, for though these were now far below us, their places were well supplied by what wee a hundred 1 times worse than them selves, namely prickly trees, wire scrub, and many plants of which I neither know, nor want to know the names. Conspicuous, however, by its profusion, and abominable stench, was that villainous tree, known amongst the unrefined, by the expressive, though uneuphonous name of Stinkwood. The closeness with which these slender-limbed plants grew, and the disentan- gleable manner in which they were woven and knotted together, joined to the steepness and ruggedness of the way, made the last mile of the ascent as difficult and wearisome a labor as any I ever undertook. The matted under- wood caught our knapsacks, our heads, arms, legs, and bodies at every step, and like kangaroo snares, clung to us the closer the more we struggled to get away ; a hundred times did they bring us to a downright' stand- still, and indeed our whole struggle up the rocky pass, seemed like a continuous effort to advance, without apparent progress. We did at last reach the top and then crawled, rather than walked, over another two miles of stony open ground before we reached any water, when wo set up our tent, any how, for the night ; for we were too exhausted with our day's adventure, to care one straw how it stood, so long as it afforded a little shelter, and we tumbled into it like pigs into a stye ; and though before we closed our eyes It commenced thundering loud enough to awake the Seven Sleepers, It had no such effect on us when once off. Next morning I left my men at the camp, and proceeded to the southern end of the mountain top, about two miles off, for the purposo of studying the immense wilderness which sur- rounded me, and which in the north west (where there were no eminences loftier than the one I stood on) actually fainted away, as it were, in the dimness of distance, The day was hazy, and *A label attached to some wood sent from hence to the Pans Exhibition stated it to have been obtained from a tree 350 feet high, I measured one myself the other day close on 300, where there were many I could not get at, but which, I feel assured, were both larger and la .»" there was much smoke in the atmosphere, occasioned solely by the mischievous Lawyer, who sufl'ered our fire to catch the dry herbage of the mountain top, and which he was too lazy to put out. It spread in all directions, and rolled such a dense cloud of smoke over the whole Iandscape, as speedily hid it from view. Luckily I had taken a good look at it before the accident took place, and saw quite enough to convince me, that there was little to hope for of plains or pastures in this quarter of Tas- mania. In the entire wilderness which lay before me (shut in a little in one direction by the remote mountains known as Olympus, the Barn, and the Black Bluffs.) and all round in the direction of the North and North West coasts, I saw nothing but one apparently boundless ocean of forests, an interminable desert of trees, as stern and dusky looking as if it had rained nothing but soot on them through all time. The immense and deep ravines of the rivers Forth and Mersey, and others only less prominent bo cause more remote; the numerous mountain ridges with their broken cliffs and waving out- lines, did indeed afford some relief to the eye, and varied, if they did not soften, the dull uniformity of a Tasmanian landscape of the North West, where the forests, as seen from above, are most cheerless and unprepossessing. I returned to my camp sorely and con- foundedly disappointed, and determined on quitting this eminence without delay, up which I had carried so heavy a load, and as it now proved, to no purpose. Our tent was struck, and our knapsacks repacked, with all the hasto of beaten and retreating soldiers, and I instantly commenced the retracing of my steps to Kentish plains. But for the life and soul of me I could not rediscover the narrow path by which I had ascended, lost as its higher terminus was amongst cliffs, and countless fragments of rook wherewith the edge of the mountain was so profusely covered. I saw several similar slits or clefts in the rock, that seemed to lead down the enormous and far extending cliffs, whereof I took my choice, and dived into one that seemed to promise to land me at their- base. It was in all respects but one exactly like the right on; the same steep and narrow path, the same huge walls of black rock frowning down on us from right and left, and the same bewildering jungle choking the way, all led me to hope I was descending successfully. But after a fearful conflict with scrub and rock for more than two hours, death to my prospects ! the bottom of the chasm sud- denly sunk fully a hundred feet perpendicularly leaving a precipice between me and terra firma below, as impassable as the gulf that separated Dives from Lazarus after death. I had by this time descended fully a thousand feet, and had now to return, disgusted and disappointed, to the summit, for it was no use stopping where I was, and by the time I reached it, the day was too far advanced to renew the search. I was up very early next morning, watching like the Persian devote for the first streak of light in the east : and directly the moment arrived When like a lobster boiled, the morn From black to red began to turn, We picked up our loads and started, and were again at the mountain's edge, even before the sun had well emerged from behind the distant hills of Deloraine. Î now chose another cleft to descend by, but was a second time defeated after a thousand feet of descent, by the intervention of a similar obstacle to which we owed the mis- hap of yesterday, namely, a precipice on our narrow line of route which offered no other pros- pect but broken necks if we attempted it. We had no alternative but to face the accursed mountain again. A third, and even a fourth time was I simi- larly baffled on this day, and each time when the descent of the enormous crowning rock of Roland's Repulse was all but mastered ; so that I began at last to think I was not going to get down at all, and that my small party was doomed to a somewhat similar fate, to that which is supposed to have overtaken the soldiers of Cambyses, in the Libyan deserts. Why I never could discover the track I got up by, I cannot account for. But they who are much accustomed to bush travelling will agree with me, as to the impossibility of anything like an exact retracing of one's steps, or the easy recogni- tion of a route only once travelled, which lies in the midst of so chaotic a scene as that which surrounded me at the moment. But it is only the lying braggart who boasts that he never was bewildered, as if there were anything to be ashamed of, in so very natural an occurrence. My fifth trial was successful ; though even this time I should have been defeated but for an accidental discovery made by the Irishman. It was strange that in each of these hollows, whereby we tried to reach the bottom, it was always a precipice that stoppod our advance. The same obstruction occurred again, and I had just turned my face, a fifth time, to the moun- tain when this man espied a very small hole amongst the creeping shrubs, about 50 feet back from the face of the cliff. He was tempted to explore it, and reporting it practi- cable, we dived into it, and found it to be a steep natural tunnel, zigzag in direction, and which landed us at the bottom of the cliff. Here ended the difficulties of our mountain excursion, for soon after the ravine began to widen, and then to expand into an ordinary mountain glen, in which I encamped soon after, amongst a grove of beautiful fern trees that bordered the margin of one of the many rills to which this eminence gives birth. It rained hard all night, and early next day I reached Field's hut, A day's rest at my encampment succeeded to the fatiguing journey I had just completed. I next proceeded to examlnc the unvisited track between Kentish Plains and Port Frederick, as also the vast area of forest land lying between that port and the Leven River. The morning of my departure was one of rain, but which cleared off in a couple of hours. I travelled on a general bearing of about N. 10 E. toward somo clear-topped hills called Sunridge. Soon after quitting Kentish Plains, I entered a mile-long valley, of so barren a quality that I should think even a pulling auctioneer would blush to commend it to public notice. Hills of equal sterility rose on either hand. I next ascended the steep slope of Sunridge, the summit of which I gained without very much difficulty. The view from here is extensive, particularly toward the north, where the whole shore that j lies between Emu Bay and the Heads of the Tamar is presented to view at once. Unlike the bold and broken coast-lines of the south, it is ineffably tame and unattractive, and resembling nothing so much as the arc of a vast circle, al- most as regular and symmetrical as if drawn by a pair of compasses. Few, or almost none of I those fine columnar precipices, so familiar to the southron, wall off the land from the ocean on the north coast ; the line of separation being formed by a nearly endless succession of broad sand beaches, divided from each other by a mile or two of low and scarcely-projecting rock. No- thing can be more tame than the long undiver- sified shore- line that confronts the *' vasty deop" of Bass's Straits-nothing more monotonous than the unanimated forest scene between the j distant ocean and the hills of Sunridge. I took the bearing of Port Frederick (due north) and [ proceeded on my journey. We followod along the crest of tbose hills for a short distane, and then struck into a rather I deep ravine, whose slope, were both steep and scrubby. It took nearly an hour and a half to cross this gully, when, having gained its oppo- site side, we immediately began to descend into I a deep valley which ruus down toward the es tuary of the Mersey, namely, Port Frederick. The fall of this hill was long and very steep, and our progress down it slow, owing to the nature of the herbage, which though low was so tied | together by tough vines as greatly to impede us, and through which f}re probably had never pased since the disippearance of the native tribes. Having forced our way to the bottom, the walking became more bearable, and the surface pretty free from scrub, The valley was wide, but unluckily most infertile, and its her- bage course. In this dreary vale of native hops and prickly trees, I started a small drove of perfectly wild cattle, long absent, as I atterwards learned, from the noble herds of the Messieurs Field. They vanished as soon as they saw us. At first it somewhat amazed me to find perfectly fat stock j in the barren and grassless districts they roamed over. But when I reflected a little, I remem- bered to have noticed before, that both cattle and horses (like goats) prefer many of the shrubs of the jungle to the innutritious grasses of the J bush, and that they thrive very well on them. The hop and prickly mimosa are of this class. After a walk of five or six miles more down this valley, we entered on good bottom land abounding m grass, fresh and green from the combined eflects of recent rains, and the genial hosts of the advancing suummer. Another mile and a half placed us once more on the banks of the Mersey, though many miles from where I last met it. It's current here was less impetuous than at the Probation Station, though its bot- tom was scarcely less, stony and treacherous.. At this point of our journey, I was blessed with an interview with the first stranger I had met for some weeks, namely, a young woman, who was then fording the half full and danger- ous river The Tasmanian Naiad whom I thus accidentally encountered, was already half over the stream ere we discovered our mouths. She was fo- lowed by a troop of kangaroo dogs, being at tho ! time engaged in the chase, to which occupation I discovered sha was no less attached than Di- ana herself. But let me institute no further comparisons between her and the chaste goddess, for never before was half naked woman less abashed, when suddenly placed in presence of three rough looking follows like us, than this wanton woman of the sylvan solitudes of the Mersey was. Unnecessarily as I thonght sho exposed her- self, sihe was in no way disconcerted, but on I landing marched straight up to us just as coolly as though she had nothing to be ashamed of and ' was for entering into conversation with us, but wishing to got on, we left the unchaste huntress I to talk to the gum trees if she liked. I now kept near the banks of the river down to the point of its confluence with Port Frederick, close to which was the establishment called Frogmore, the property of Mr. Bonney, the grounds and mansion of which bore about the same resemblance to its British namesake, as a pigstye does to the Tuilleries. Here we set up our small travelling tent for the night, but not till after a desperate skirmish with half a dozen dogs, which the owner of the place (who took us for runaway convicts) was in no hurry to call off, till he saw the cursed curs getting as roughly handled as he himself deserved to have been. When our sleeping arrangements were per- fected, I walked out by myself in the direction of the Don. Scarcely, however, had I turned my back on Frogmore, than I found myself tra- velling over bad land again, and my walk for three miles led across a poor country of heathy swamps and hillocks of coarso sand, I next ascended some high and heavily wooded tiers, on the tops of which I found much most beautiful soil, but producing, as is very generally the case in this part of Tasmania, forests and underwoods hateful to look at, and fearful to encounter. As evening approached, I returned home. I next struck across the country to Port Fenton, as the navigable part of the River Forth is called. So packing up, we departed from the slovenly homestead of Frogmore, and coasted it for a mile along the low lying shore of Port Frederick. I then took the direction of the Forth. After a walk of six miles over a very poor country, I crossed the Don, a small stream draining the country between the Forth and Mersey rivers. Crossing a steep ridge, wo descended to a small stream, whoso entire bot- tom was covered with glittering fragments of mica, which shone almost as brightly as the diamonds of the valley described by Sindbad the Sailor. This little rill divided the good land from the bad, for directly we stepped over it, wo found ourselves once more on one of those mag- nificent tracts so rarely absent where heavy forests abound, The trees of these districts at- tained to colossal dimensions ; while the spaces between them were crammed to choking with underwood. A further walk of five miles brought us to the shores of Port Fenton, mid at a point about two miles from Bass's Straits. I was ferried across by tho boatmen of a small vessel taking in timber for Melbourne. The entrance of the Port is narrow, and cursed with the usu ii bar of the north-western harbors, which closes its waters to vessels of more than 60 or 80 tons, and which can only enter at high water. Near to the hut of a poor family named Muirhead, I set up my travelling tent; and in the next three days examined the country be- tween the Rivers Leven and Don, the first named lying west, and the other easterly of tho Forth, the most of which vast tract I found to be of the greatest excellence, even nearly to the coast, as also far inland. Nothing indeed could beat the soil of this magnificent region in rich- ness, which it requires no Cassandra to foretell will one day take precedence of all Tasmania's districts. Its excellence cannot be exaggerated by description. Its extent is very considerable! The earth is red, alternating with black, and usually of great thickness. It is a somewhat remarkable feature of this neighborhood, that it is only on the high table lands, lying between the rivers, that this excel- lent soil is found; for the vallies through which they run are stamped with every mark that de- notes the very turning point of sterility and amazing worthlessness. The traveller, plodding through the deep ravines of the Forth, the Wil- mot, &c;, is almost startled at the scene of infer- tility he sees around him, but if he have the patience to ascend to the table land above, he is more and more satisfied at every step, and if he sees any thing to execrate, it is not the soil, but the forests and the rank underwood which im- pede his advance. A small colony, composed for the most part of the humbler classes, occupied the shore of the western side of the Port. With the exception of a young gentleman named Fenton, and a clergyman of a dissenting community, they were | all engaged in the preparation of timber for the Melbourne market. Most of these poor people had lived in a slate of comparative isolation from the haunts of civilization for many years. Yet, notwithstanding their semibarbarous man- ' ners and habits, they were not yet so degraded I as to have lost their Christian character. And though they had long discontinued their devo- tional duties, thay had not quite forgotten them. At the time of the appearance of the clergyman amongst them, worship had fallen into disuse, and Sunday, if observed at all, was observed ns a holiday only. A circumstance connected with the history of I this little republic occurred about the time of my visit which deserves to be recorded. A minister of an active dissenting community at length ferretted out this litlle society, and drew its members together. He explained his mission, and offered to parteke with them their seclusion, and humble fortunes, and to give thom the benefit of his ministrations also, on the single condition of their building a chapel. Now f for a fow families, all as poor as Lazarus, to en- , gage in such an undertaking, and to perform their compact, is to my mind a matter that ought not to be forgotten. Badly as in these times of commercial dopression those poor people could afford to give, they accepted the obliga- tion, and every individual of the little settlement came forward with something; either money, material, or labor. They cleared the ground and speedily erected a suitable though of course mi pretending edifice. Misfortune, however, which sometimes de- grades prosperity, and oven nfllie's virtu", now assailed tho too hasty. In their anxiety to ful- fil their compact with their pastor, they left one tree standing too near the building, and scarcely was the last nail driven that was to hold it to gether.than such a tempest arose as threw down the forest monster which fell on their little chapel.aiid literally cut it in two ! They however under whose auspices "The Heaven directed walls were taught to rise" were not of the class who are to be deterred from their intentions by any ordinary calamity. Without the loss of a single day therefore, at it they went again, and with invincible energy restored it nearly to its original condition in a very brief space. But such was their poverty, that they could not a second time afford them- selves the luxury of glass for their windows, which were therefore left without. I have introduced this anecdote into my nar- rative even at the risk of offending the fastidioqs and hypercritical who may charge it upon me as digressive. But for my own part I think such conduct can neither be too prominently pro- claimed, nor too highly commended ; and if the equivocal charities of wealth, deserve to be chro- nicled for the edification of the humbler classes, surely the unparaded piety of these poor families, deserves to be hld up to the world for imitation. By the time I had examined nearly all I wanted to see in this neighbourhood, the state of the Commissariat admonished me, that the timo was drawing near for revisiting my permanent camp Kentish Plains, not only for provision but for rest; for It is astonishing how wearying is the labour of piercing through the thickets of the west. With this view I bade adieu to the poor denizens of the Forth, and recrossing to tho eastern bank of the stream, I commenced my homeward journey. For six miles I kept up the dismal and barren ravine of the Forth, encoun- tering vast quantities of micaceous rock, which glittered on the ground like hoar frost in the rising sun; but which was subsequently replaced by a coarse gritty earth of indescribable worth lessness, and producing no other trees than stringy barks, so charred by last years fires, that the natural gloom of the valley was aggravate I by the blackened trunks of fhose sombre looking trees. Disgusted with this odious den.I turned to the left, and after a sharp ascent of a mile, reached one of those rich table lands described in a preceding paragraph. After a severe en counter with the scrub of very many hours, during which I only advanced ten or eleven miles, I once more reached my camp. The only portions of this region that I had by this sime left unvlsited, were the vallies of the mountain's called Gog and Magog - the country about the Native Plains-and that between the Leven River and Emu Bay, In my journey to and from the first of these mountains, I saw absolutely nothing worth wri- ting about, and the only remarks recorded in, # " Who taught that heaven directed spire to, rise? ' ' " The Man of Ross," &c.; &c.;, my journal are, that the land generally speaking was not worth a straw, and that enormous quan- tities of stunted ferns and native hops were produced here (the latter exceeding in profusion anything I had soon before) and that few rivers in the country drain more barren land than the Mersey, which flows through here. I returned to my tent not overjoyed with my excursion, and next day started for the Native Plains. At a point about seven miles distant from the Mersey, and in a north westerly direction from the probation station, I once more entered the noble forest of Arden,* which at this point (tra- velling easterly) is about 5½ miles wide. But I need not describe it again. Emerging from it I immediately began to descend (over poor land) toward the Mersey river, which I reached in a further distance of a mile and a half. I followed the course of the stream until nightfall, by which time I had gone about nine miles more. Nearly all down the river the land is coarse and hungry, relieved, indeed, by a small valuable marsh or two, but of contemptible extent as com pired with the sterile wilderness around them. The native hop covers thousands of acres of these unprofitable wastes, and attains it per- fection unknown in other parts of Tasmania. The afternoon of this day was very lowering.and every thing seemed to threaten tempest and rain. Heavy clouds gathered on the hills, and the s, as the sailors term tho lower stratum of clouds, flow along the sky with angry velocity. Before our frail little tent was well up, or our fire thoroughly alight, such a storm of wind and rain came on us is not seen every day, even in the western parts of Tasmania. Between the violent gusts of wind, the roar of the surf breaking on the long sand beaches of Bass's Straits, was distinctly heard, notwithstanding the remoteness of the coast ; thus informing us, so to speak, that the tempest was more terrific at sea than ashore, where every squall seemed to threaten whole forests with demolition. The rain carme down in one uninterimtting dis- charge, creating a score of little streams around us some of which began flowing into the tent, and so continued till we turned their course with our tomahawks. The very birds seamed startled by the hurricane, for often during the night did we hear the discordant screams of tho most wakeful of birds, the black magpie. The howling of the wind among the branches, the crash of falling trees, and the roar of the rapidly increasing Mersey, so near to which we were located, made a concert, which though I doubt not it might find admirers, was not, I acknow- ledge, in harmony with my tastes. Long ere midnight arrived our wretched little tent was blown clean off the ridge-pole into the kingdom of darkness around us. The best can- vass indeed would scarcely have lasted througli such a gale : and if on this wild tempestuous night the largest trees were uprooted and thrown down by scores, what wonder that our slight covering was demolished in the midst of such destruction. After this accident the night was, to us one of the most perfect discomfort. We were obliged to turn out, and after a hundred unavailing shifts to repair the damage, first with rugs and then with blankets, (which the wind and darkness prevented us from effecting) we had no alternative but to wrap our wet blankets round us, and see it out till morning, but which carne so slowly that the time seemed as long ns the three days darkness which we read of in Exodus, did to the Egyptians. It is useless to attempt describing the minor discomforts of the morning, when the hurricane had partly subsided, or our fruitless attempts to got a fire where everythlng was so wet. We soon gave up the trial as hopeless; so cramming our wetted rattletraps into our knapsacks, and trying to look us if we were not at all out of humour with anything, we continued our walk. We kept to the river, and after a four mile tramp reached our old quarters at Frogmore, where we dried ourselves and remained till noon when we crossed the Mersey in our host's boat, and made tracks for the Native Plains which we reached after a tiresome journey of six miles, through a country covered with the eternal native hop of the barren basin of the Mersey. Evening was beginning to close in before we discovered the hut where we designed, if pos- sible, to sleep. Not that I have any love for the accommodation of such places, which usually swarm with too many fleas to be quite agreeable ; but the loss of my tent last night reduced me for once to the condition of a travelling beggar. The weather, though more moderate than yes- terday, was still far from settled, and grew moro threatening as night drew on. I had therefore to choose between the evils of passing another comfortless night abroad, or of begging a lodg- ing, which once asked was soon accorded me, though I had better stopped away, for the hut was occupied by a most riotous party. Another long day's march was before me, oro I could got to my camp at Kentish Plains, and which in spite of the hardest walking, I barely readied at night fall, and where we had ato re- main an extra day, to próvide some substituto for the tent that was destroyed, and to repair, as far as we could, some of the damage our tra- velling kit generally had received in our march- ings and counter- marchings. It was on the 13th of November, that I started from Kentish Plains, en route for Emu Bay, and reached the Forth Uiver, after a walk of several miles, by a direction leading across the fertile table land here-before described, The late rains however had so filled the channel of this dashing torrent, that I dare not enter it to cross. I had therefore no other alternative than once more to retrace my steps to its estuary Port Fenton, and cross there. I next examined the country between the port and the Gawler (a river falling into the Leven,) and also the wide tract between, the Leven and the Wilmot, a considerable affluent of the Forth, to describe which districts would only be to repeat expressions so often used by me before, when explaining the qualities of the forest land of this quarter. I shall content my- self with saying that all that I saw during two days of hard walking, was of unsurpassable ex- cellence, and second, I believe, to nothing be- longing to the most favoured districts of the world. There was great rain about the time of my reaching the Wilmot, which made the journey through the vile thickets we had to pass, as dis agreeable as possible. This river is about twenty five yards wide, and like its companion stream the Forth, it flows through an execrable ravine, dreary, despicable, and barren. The hills be- tween these streams assume more the proportions of mountains than hills, being lofty and precipi- tous, and apparently worthless ; but as I had no object in visiting them, and most certainly no dosire to do so, I turned my face from them, and went back to the Gawler by another route. I was now anxious to conclude my duties hero being sick of the interminable forests of this part of our island, which seem to have no more end, (except at the sea shores) than they have variety. Nor was the time of year, in, which the conslderate Government of Tasmania had sent me here, the season for exploration, as so much rain falls in the western half of Tasmania, in the spring and early summer months, which makes such places doubly intolerable. I lost no time, therefore, in reaching the re- mote settlernent of the V.D.L. Company at Emu Bay, a place about as well known to the rest of Tasmania, as Petropaulowski is to Europe , as will ever be the case with places cut off fiom the more favored settlements by forests and rivers impassable in the ordinary acceptition of the term, and above all by want of roads. In starting from the Gawler, I took the shortest route for the Leven, which I found was about four miles off, a distance pretty eequally divided by good and bad soil. I crossed the river quite easily on the dead trees found lying in its channel, for this stream unlike the Mersey, the Forth, and indeed the generality of Tasmanian rivers, is not a rapid one, and has not the strength of current to clear its own channel of trees as they fall into it. While rest- ing or sauntering about its banks, I saw several platypi in its clear and half motionless waters The country that lies back from the coast and between the rivers Emu and Leven, is crowded with enormous hills of a very stern and rugged kind. 'The same are called, collectively, the House-top tier and the Dundas range. I con- tented myself with examining the comparatively level and occupiable tracts between their bases and Bass's Straits. With this intent I turned my face to the north, passing over a very undu- latory surface, covered with underwood, and growing on a soil which I observed to be very varilable, and where, for a wonder, bad land prevailed I crossed the Blyth River about three miles from the coast, and near the head of the little estuary that receives it, and then travelled down its western shores to the sea coast. Many per- sons, I was told, have been drowned in crossing on the bar at the point where the river unites with the sea. The land about the coast is worthless, and the Round Hill, the last emin- ence on the route, is superlatively so. I reached the quiet, the dead-alive Settlement of Emu Bay, at noon, which is planted on the shores of a large crescentic shaped indenture of the Iand, more worthy the name of an open roadstead thtiu a harbour, A few unplcturcsque but comfortable cottages * I believe the average width of this forest to be about 8 miles by 4 or 5, or 20.000 acres and upward, are scattered along the level shores, and oc- cupied by the officers or tenants of the Com- pany, The first sight of the country here is not calculated to prepossess strangers in favor of the place, and had I not subsequently taken a long inland ramble in the direction of the remote settlement of the Hampshire Hills, I should certainly have thought but little of the place. But as a Surveyor and one accustomed to keep his eyes on the ground, looking at the soil and its productions, and considering on its adaptation to the purposes of life, I could not avoid forming the most favorable opinions of the productive capacity of the rich red soil, and of its almost inexhaustible powers of supporting vegetation ; and whose only drawbicks are the formidable forests that encumber the surface. I remained here a week, (during which there was quite as much rain, as fine weather) receiv- ing all the time the most friendly attentions from the Company's Officers. I then returned to Deloraine, which I reached in four days, having experienced some little detention at nearly every river, all of which were too dan- gerously flooded, to be crossed without great caution. April 1858. J. E. C. APPENDIX. The importance that the heavily wooded districts described in the foregoing pages must eventually and perhaps speedily assume, justify some delineation of objects which I have too lightly noticed above, but which are too nearly connected with their advancement, and without which no narrative would be complete. I do not propose entering into any further account of either the soil or the forests of this part of the Island, but to give an outline sketch of the Harbors, the Climate of those districts and their means of communication with the rest of Tasmania. Harbors. The Harbors on the line of coast fronting the tract of country precedingly des- cribed are not good. The only shipping places being Port Frederick, and the mouths of estua-t ries of the rivers Don, Forth. Leven, Blyth, and Emu, which are all bar harbors and with nar- row entrances; and except Port Frederick.these bars are nearly dry at low water. But as the tide on the north coast rises 10 or l2 feet, vessels of 60 or 80 tons enter. Port Frede- rick has, I was told, 8 feet on its bar at low water, and nearly 20 at high. At Emu Bay vessels load and discharge at the Store of tho Company, which is situated on the N.W. point of the bay. The Company's moorings are off the same point. The line of coast provides no places of shelter in gales blowing east, north and west. CLIMATE-No one acquainted with the western half of Tasmania ever doubted that twice as much rain falls there, as in the Eas-, tern or settled districts. Strange as this fact will appear to those unacquainted with the subject I think it is easily to be accounted for. and is traceahlo to the peculiar configuration of central Tasmania. I fancy it can hardly have escaped the notice of the most unobserving, that the greatest quantity of rain falls here, when the wind is at West and South West. And those, who are acquainted with the mountainous districts, must have observed an elevated region stretching in an irregular direction from the extreme Western Bluff to Mount Wellington. This is the great water shed of the Island, varying in height from three to five thousand feet. The extensive and elevated tract must naturally intercept much or most of the mois- ture so copiously driven in from the Pacific, during the prevalence of westerly winds; . and except in very stormy weather, such vapors as rise above this range (often little less than a mile high) must pass over the Eastern district, in the form of fine weather clouds. When I was employed on the western side of these mountains, in the summers of both 1841 and 1842 (particularly in the last named year,) it sometimes almost appeared as if there were going to be no end of rain, while not a drop of it fell on the Eastern side of it ; and they who recollect that very dry season, will testify to the withered condition of the pastures through- out the colony, during the months I write of. And all who have resided either at Woolnorth, Hampshire Hills, Macquarie Harbour, &c.; know that twice or thrice the quantity falls there, that we have in Hobart Town. The country to the north of the latitude of the extreme Western Bluff, though often lofty and occasionally mountainous, is comparatively low and unprotected by that great screen of moun- tains that wards off from the settled districts many a summer storm which explodes on the opposite side of this range. The districts des- cribed in the preceding narrative lie wholly in this exposed quarter, and as a consequence nro often visited by storms, which the Eastern set- tlemonts escape. During the Spring months when I was here, the rivers were most usually unfordable from frequent rains. ln Tasmania, farming of all kinds suffer from nothing so much as drought, and the sheep pastures quite as much as the arable lands. In fact our only prolific years, are the rainy ones or as we style them "dripping seasons." Dis- tricts however like those forgoingly described whose soil is often so fine, and the summers só moist, will be doubtless very productive. When,- ever cultivation has extended into them, and given them that eminence over all others which none who have seen them ever doubted they are destined to attain. These remarks apply of course only to heavy forest lands such as are so often spoken of in this narrative. Frosts, I was told, and especiilly the killing summer frost, were unknown about the coast as also the hot winds, so injurous to fields and gardens elsewhere RIVERS-The rivers of this part of Tasma- niaa will not, very generally, be found useful foi irrigation, and are to be regarded more as mere drains, than as supplies. The Forth, the Wil- mot, the Blyth, and the Emu are of this class, as also the Mersey during a great part of its course. They are confined within such deep ravines, that they are not easily approachable. In these dreary valleys little or no level land will be found, and the soils on their banks are desperately infertile throughout. Those rich tracts so often spoken of in this account being generally 800 or 1000 feet above them are not under their command. Numerous lesser streams will however be found on these fine wastes,enougll and more than enough, for all purposes except- ing those of irrigation. The rivers before named, are generally swift and dashing torrents, and full of rapids, and it is only near the coast where they become navigable, that they are valuable, except as drains. The fish of these streams are far superior in quality and in size, to those of the rivers flowing to the South. Tho principal is the Black Fish, much like a common rock cod in appearance, but of far superior flavor, & which I heard sometimes reaches the weight of seven pounds. The largest that I saw, weighed just four and a half. Very fine lobsters abound in the fresh water portions of these stream quite equal in size to the cray fish of our coasts, The colour of its shell is a light dingy blue inclining to green. Want of Roads.-In a foregoing paragraph of this paper, it was stated, that this quarter of the island was almost as little known to the rest of Tasmania, as Petropaulouski is to Europeans; and so it is likely to continue, as long as it re- mains untraversable, through the want of roads, and by its dangerous rivers being unbridged. No country ever attains to the prosperity it is capable of reaching where any of its valuable districts are suffered to remain with these wants unprovided. People, except when acting under some strong excitement such for instance as a gold discovery, will neither settle in nor even visit such places where they cannot move flve hundred yards, without experiencing the very acme, the culminating point of discomfort, and which none but the wanderer through Tasma- nian underwoods can understand. They therefore long remain imperfectly known, unsought after, and as a natural consequent their pro- ductive capacity never fairly tested. If a good travelable route were perfected across the region described precedingly many a score thousand acres of most fertile soil would be opened to easy examination and to curtain if not immediate oc- cupation. Such a route, combined with its water carrlage, would sufliciently complete its communications, as eventually, and I hope rapidly, to drive out of these fine districts the most useless and undesirable of land-holders, viz, tho Government, in whose hands not an acre of good land should remain an hour, and who on their part would, I dare say, be too glad to get rid of every inch they have, and, which in such dis- tricts as those I am writing about are no good either to them or any one else, so long as re- tained by them. Judiciously designed roads,we cannot have too much of, and without them the western half of Tasmania (where there is so much fine forest land, particularly on the north and south) will never be half occupied. Water carriage is not enough for a country like our own where there is so very little Inland or River Navigation; and our means of intercouse with any district, not actually insular like Bruni Island, will never be considered com- plete, nor its productive powers half called into life, where the land-approaches are imperfect. * The Mary of Port Phillip, 54 tons, lay in the Forth when I was there. , \+ 50 inches is the average fall at Woolnorth, ane much more at the Hampshire Hills. , Notwithstanding tue interost which attaches to most of the items ' of British and Foreign news come J to hand hy the " Columbian, there is one item to which we cannot but think pre-eminence- ought to be given. Its high importance may not bo apparent to those who look upon the actions of the earth's po- tentates apait from the effect which those actions will inevitably produce. When viewed in this latter aspect, , the launch of the " Leviathan," the marriage of the Princess Royal, nay, even the rebellion in India itself, sink iuto comparative insignificance by the side ot the mad pioceedings of the Emperor of the French. We should question our right to the name of Britons did we not feel in , dignant at the gratuitous insults which have been offered to us as it nation by Louis Napoleon, a man ,< who was himself indebted to our -. hospitality for a safe refuge when in | ( ekile. The very laws which afforded lum shelter in distress have been 'l made the vehicle for heaping the j most galling insults upon oui honor as a nation, lie has allowed his army, that army which fought side by side with us through the bloody , Crimean campaign, to insinuate that England had a guilty know ledge of his attempted assassination. We are openly designated by these men in the official columns ot the " Mo- niteur" os "aitisans of regicide." True, we can afford to read such ab- surd rodomontade with scoin and contempt, although we cannot help feeling indignant at the base in- gratitude of Napollon, in endorsing and giving authoritative currency to such grossly unjust insinuations. . Would this man have been on the throne of France now but for Eng- land ? Whowasitthatfedand clothed him when he was without ahorne or a friend ? and, who w as it that first congratulated him when he leaped over the liberties of Fiance into the seat of empire ? It was tlie Britisli nation ; it was that generous and ! noble minded people whom he now permits his creatures to stigmatize as th« " artisans of regicide," as the aiders and abettors of the late cowardly attempt upon his life. But, let Louis Napoleon beware. So long as he maintains his alliance with Britain, so long will his reign continue in France-but no longer. If he read his uncle's annals aright, he will avoid the rock upon which a mightier than himself has split. If he persist in his present ill-advised course, he will soon learn that his own base ingratitude, that ingrati- tude which is stronger than tiaitor's arms, will accomplish his ovei throw more surely and more effectual]} than the infernal projectiles of Piekri, OnsiNi, Gomez, and Humo. ,Never, perhaps, had any monarch amore favorable oppoitunity affoided lum of seeming the peimanence of his throne, and the affectionate loy- alty of his subjects, than had the ltuler of France. The recent un- successful and dastardly attempt upon his life, and upon that of his amiable Empress, Was well calcu- lated to cement the one, and increase the other. The immediate, spon- taneous, and universal expiession of horror evoked by this attempted as- sassination, and the grateful congrat- ulations at his escape which pouied in upon him from all the nations of Europe, affoided ample evidence, if any evidence were necessary, that hiß allies looked with abhoriencc upon so detestable and cowaidly a ciimc. The calmness andpiesence of mind displayed by him on tho occasion was the theme of univeisal admiration ; and when, on the fol ] lowing day, he drove through the principal thoroughfares of Paris in an open carriage, and unattended save by the Jimpress, thus mani- festing his confidence in the loyalty and love of his people, the en- thusiasm with which he was every- where met ought to have taught him where the strength of hisempiie Jay. Had he adhered to this policy, a policy prompted by his own native and unbiassed feelings, instead of having listened to the pernicious ad- vice of those who suirounded him, many of whom would íejnice in his downfall ; had he relaxed tlie laws 1 and extended the political libeity of his people, instead of extinguish ! ing discussion and insulting his closest allies, Louis Napoleon would have stiengthened the foun- dations of his throne by affection and confidence, instead of under ' mining it by suspicion and distrust. And of what avail will be this im- pudent gasconade on the pait of his i armv ? It may seive to crush the last struggling remnant of liberty out ' of France, by shewing to that hap- less people that they are ruled by a militai y despotism against which it ' would be vain for them to îebel; but, the Empeioi knew as well as wa do that such silly bombast would be treated with contemptuous de- rision by Englishmen. Until Na- poleon can blot liom the page of ' 'history the names of Ciessy, Agin- court, and Wateiloo, he will r.e\ ei be able to inspire the British nation "with feelings of dread. Jena, Aus terlitz, and Marengo were gieat victories, 'tis true, but the English jvere not there. If the Fiench Em- peror reads the journals he will \- have had au opportunity of under- standing how lightly the British ,. 'people estimate the idle and inilated 1 nonsense of his army. Ifwearein J* dignant at the demand made upon ',, us lo alter our police laws at the io dictation of one to whom those laws 1 -have afforded protection, or at the '/"'threatening tone in which that de i < maud has been made, it is on ac < ' count of the base ingratitude dis- closed by them. No man breathing , Is more indebted to England than Louis Napoleon ; and yet how has ' '"'líe'ré^arñ¿dthe'obligation? Let our readers'refer (o the speech of Mr. Boebuck ia another column, nnd 'they will learn to despise the Usurper to whose cause we have lent the "prestige" of our name The concession made to France by raising a conspiracy against a foreign potentate fiom a misdemeanor toa felony is no concession at all. It is one of Lord Palmerston's most biting sarcasms ; and, when taken in connexion with tlie debate in the Parliament, it can affoid but little consolation to the imperial tyrant who demanded it. England will never change her laws at tlie caprice of any man, no, not if it would save a uuiveise of Napoleons from assas- sination. If we mourn over the disruption of the amity which has lately existed be- tween Franco and England, it is not on our own account, nor on account of the French Emperor, but on account of the people of France. In tho alliuueo be- tween tho two countries, wo had lioreJ to witness the assimilation of French to English laws, and we looked for this the more readily, beoauso it was clearly the policy of Napoleon that this re- sult should bo obtained. We have been disappointed, however, in our expecta- tions, bitterly disappointed. AYIiat the British peonía can have done to induce the Emperor to dream that we should alter out laws and assimilate- them to the spy-system of France, passes beyond our comprehension. If he behoved it possible, he lins now been undeceived. The coolness now existing1 between the ¿wo nations will aim many assassins. England was a tower of strength fo Napoleon-a tower which ho lins mudly thrown down. The repressive laws he is now enacting will drive hundreds to England, and convei t peacs nble citizens into coiispiratois. It is the natural result of tho policy he is now pursuing ; and as he sows so must he expect to rea]). Ho ought to know of what mettle his subjects aro composed. The pnges of modern history arc instruc- tive and full of wisdom. We shall look forwaitl to the arrival of tho nest mail with much interest. By his own act Louis Napoleon has converted his tlu-ono into a volcano, and it will sooner or later consume him in the burning lava of which it is composed. Tlie humblest mechanic in Britain would pauso before he exchanged tlie freedom and happiness of his island homo for the Impeiial honors of Louis Napoleon. "When a Coleny is called upon to submit to a positive injustice with feelings of gratitudo, and to recog- nise as a benefit the infliction of the most abominable wrongs, we may rest assured that the estimate formed of such a Colony by those who act thus superciliously towards her is, in Commercial parlance, very much below par. And this is the case with Tasmania. Not only are we the best abused of all the Australias, but we are subjected to the largest amount of wrong. Any treatment is "considered good enough for us ; and, when we recollect with' what patience we endure ' it, we ' cease to be surprised that our " big bro- thers " should seize every opportu- nity of lacking and cuffing us. ' If we get a slap on one' cheek we amiably turn the other. To resent a wrong, or to vindicato our position as a "fiee and enlightened" depen- dency of Great Britain, never crosses our mind for a moment. Impreg- nated to a remarkable degree with the Christian virtues of patience and meekness, we submit with humility (o any indignity which may be offered, and feel ourselves under a deep obligation because our little Island is permitted to remain in' these latitudes at all. We think it was the "Argus" that gravely pro- posed lowing Tasmania away by the ocean steamers of Victoria, and moor- ing her somewhere in the vicinity of the Cannibal Islands. It was a funny suggestion, and well worthy of those1 from whom it carne. Our only surprise is that this brilliant conception was not practically car- ried out. The people of this Colony would have submitted to it quietly. On the 29th of the month we may be seen-gentle beings that we are ! with our countenances radiated with joy and suffused with smiles of gratitude, rubbing our hands with glee, and giving way to the most ridiculous expressions of unminglcd satisfaction, greeting each other in cheerful accents as we pass, and, in the exuberance of our sph its, recog- nising our own servants with a fami- liar nod. And what is the cause of our ccstacy ? The Mail has comí: 1 The Mail that ought to have been here three weeks ago has come ! And ought sve not to rejoice? Suppose the Columbian had been lost, and the Mails had been lost also. See what a position we should then have been in 1 Of course,, we ought to be thankful, and we are thankful. lhere aie some, we know, who, when called upon to join in the uni- versal jubilee, cynically ask for why ? What have ve to rejoice about? Have we not been kept without our letters for three weeks longer than we ought to have been ? Are we to rejoice at that ? Have we not been month after month deceived and wronged by these delays ? Are we to rejoice at that ? Has not the Mail Company violated its agreement with us, and, by so doing, has it not entailed upon us loss and disaster ? Are we to rejoice at that ? ,'^Have not the other Colonies, both through their Parliaments and their Cham hers of Commerce, indignantly pro- tested against these wrongs, whilst Tasmania has submitted to them tamely and ignominiously and said nothing ? Are we to rejoice at that ? When mourning over our losses oc- casioned by these unwarrantable delays, is it any matter for rejoicing to be told that " the steamer's pis- tons were imperfect and her fuel short ?" We know that there are those amongst us who will not re- cognise any matter for congratula- tion in the arrival of the Mail three weeks after the appointed time ; and who flatly deny that the imperfect state of the steamer's pistons and the shortness of her coal are suffi- cient excuse or palliation for the gross wrongs they have endured inl consequence. We know, too, that such men speak evil of dignities ; andl even accuse our Chambers of Coin-J merce of pusillanimity and want of moral courage in not having pro- tested, as the other Colonies have done, against the continuance of this mighty fraud. But,_ there are snarlers in every community, and we I see no reason why Tasmania should [form an exception. We do not wish to be angry, nor would it be of any avail if we were. True, the excuse offered for the de-1 ¡tention of the Columbian is an insult to the Colonies which' have been wronged by her delay. This cannot be denied. Whose fault was it, let us ask, that " her pistons were imperfect " and " her coals short ?" Were .these oversights attributable to any act of those who have been so deeply injured by them ? Now that we know the cause of the dis- aster, what satisfaction can we pos- sibly derive from it? I3 it not rather an aggravation of our wrongs ? Had the delay been occasioned by the strife of the elements, or other causes beyond human control, we should have been bound in duty to submit to it with resignation ; but we do feel restive when coolly told that our losses are owing to an in- sufficient supply of coals, and to the neglect of an engiueer to see that his machinery was perfect. It is a matter for congratulation that the other Colonies have spoken out in the bold and fearless tone they have. We should have been better pleased had we been indebted ' to tho energy of our own merchants for any improvement in the present most unsatisfactory mode of convey- ing the mails ; although we shall not object to recognise such an im- provement when it is made, nor shall we fail to acknowledge our ob- ligations to those through whose exertions it will be made. The English Government will be in no hurry to caueeL the existing con- tract. The contract money is gene- rally swallowed up in penalties ; the whole of which latter are absorbed by the authorities nt home, instead of being equitably divided amongst the Colonies which are injured by the delay for which tlie penalties are inflicted ; and, so long as this is per- mitted, the present contract will bo a lucrative one to England, and one to which she will cling with tena- city. But we doubt whether the Colonial Minister will care to treat the remonstrances of the Colonies with disrespect. Besides, it is and must be evident that the present Company is not able to fulfil the terms of its contract ; and, under the present arrangements, we doubt whether it ever will be able. The distance from Melbourne to Suez is too great for one vessel. It 'can never be performed with anything approaching to punctuality. The Company requires more vessels with a shorter distanco allotted to each. From Melbourne to Point de Galle is far enough. There ought to be another vessel to convey the mails between Point de Galle and Suez. We shall wait, however, for the result of the remonstrances which have been sent home. Should the Colonies be denied redress, they will have to do what they ought to have done at first, take the matter into their own hands, 'lhere are plenty of monied men amongst us who would willingly take shares in a Colonial Company for the conveyance of our mails.-" Daily Mercury," 29th April. Tun Commercial reputation of a Colony the same as that of an individual, should bo like CjES.ut's wife abovo suspicion. It is not only necessary that wo do no wrong ; but, it is necessary, also, that we shun whatever will countenance the imputation of a desire to do wrong. We recognise the wisdom of this in the every-dciy transactions of private life. Wo admiro and esteem the individual whose commercial character is untar-1 nished by the breath of detraction. He walks amongst us creel, and wins our faith in his honor by the past integrity ol' his conduct. There aro but few, we admit, whose character lias not been undeservedly assailed by calumny ; and, so long as envy, malice, uufl all unchari tablcncss walk abroad in the world, wo may be well persuaded that such will . continue to bo the ease. This, however, should set us all tho moro upon our guard, and should beget ogmore cautious spirit ; so that, when tried, we may come out with our commercial integrity . moro strongly manifested thau when un- ; assailed by suspicion. And if this be , necessary in our individual relations, how much more necessaiy is it in tho j case, of communities ? The moral obli- ( gation may not be stronger in tho one than in the other ; but the results aro of much greater magnitude ; and, in extent if not in degiee, of considerably greater importance. We know of no evil which could possibly ovcitake a colony more serious or more fatal than that of possessing a doubtful commercial reputation. Wc had an illustration ol this iu tho "United States, Pennsylvania repudiated her bonds ; and, by doing so, she destroyed all confidence in her future integiity. This act will bo re- corded against, her in history ; and its effect will be felt by her for ages. There is no nation on the eaith whose mer- chants and capitalists do not look coldly upon her securities, and demand a larger premium to cover the additional liidiility to loss consequent upon that one act of repudiation. For a country to break faith with those who have assisted her n advancing money upon her deben- tures, would be the veiy extremity of commercial baseness ; and would deser- vedly expose her to the contempt and scorn ol' the confiding and the honorable. Evil loses half its deformity by a con- templative familiarity with it : and we are the more anxious, therefore, to sound an alarm before wc become cont.vminated even to this extent. In a matter aii'ect tlie honor and good faith of the Colony wo cannot be too suspicious. If our social condition has been unjustly assailed, it should make us tho more enreful lest 'our commercial reputation should bo undeservedly shattered also. There aro two matters which have especially provoked theso remarks ; one implying a breach of faith towards the Home Government ; and the other a breach of faith towards holders of our debentures. The first of these baa re- ference to the alienation of the land upon which tho Old Government House now stands, or lately stood; the other refers to the alienation of the Domain. Applications luve been made to the Government for the appro- priation of some portion of each of thcäe localities for purposes of a public nature ; and there have not buen wanting mon willing to support these applications both on this and on the northern side of the Island. Whether that support ha? been given in ignorance of the breach of faith which a coaiplianca mt li thesa ap. plications would involve ; or, whether the applications have merely been sup- ported in order to harass the govern- ment and to render it unpopular with the people, knowing well that that go- vernment has not the power to comply without such breach of faith, we cannot tell. The facts remain the same. The Ministry dare not give away land in either of thoso localities ; and, for the simple reason that it is not theirs to give. T|ie sito upon which the remains of the Old Government House still Btand does not belong to the Government. It was all along understood between the government and the Secretary of State that when the new Building at Pavilion Point was completed, the ground upon which the old one was erected should bo sold to defray tlie expenso of erecting the new one. To devote this land to any other purpose, therefore, would be a breach of faith. We do not know what amount of money is duo upon tho neai government House ; there can bo little doubt, however,' but that the land when ¡¡old will realize a much larger sum than the amount of that liability be it what it may. ' But, even in this case, wo do not consider that the government would be at liberty to give even the surplus land away. The remaining portion, that is, the portion not required to liquidate the exponeos incurred in tho erection of the new government liousc, would bo placed in the same position as all other public lands;, whether in tho domain or elsewhere, and could not, wo maintain, without a gross violation of out- com- mercial honor and integrity, be devoted to any other purpose than that of can- celling the liability for which thoy stand pledged. And, what is that liabitity ? And, to whom has it been incurred ? Let it be whispered abroad that the lands upon which our debentures have been securod are being given away by tho government, instead of being s »Id to realize the amount for , which those lauds stand mortgaged, and what, we should like to know, would be the effect ? Would our securities be then vainly sought; after as thoy ure at present, and be eagerly takou up when obtainable at a premium ? But, putting out of sight the policy of adopting such a courso, let us ask : Would it bo honest ? People talk of handing over tho,domain to the citizens as though it wero a mere trifle, a matter only involving the scratch of a pen, They forget, or seem to forget, tint these very lands aro not our o^vu to hand over; and that to make away with them, merely because the holders of our deben- tures have left ns the power to do so, would not only bo dishonest but dis- honorable. It would blast the commer- cial reputation of the Colony, and make Tasmania the Pennsylvania of the Aus tralias, Nor do we see tbo slightest benefit to be gained by pursuing so equivocal a course. Those who are in the habit of glancing at tlie domain on a Saturday, or indeed, on almost any afternoon dunno the week, will at once perceive that the citizens make a pretty libeial use of portions of it for purposes of recreation at present ; and there is no doubt but I that the same privilege will always bo extended to them. There are very few who really know the extent and value of the land they so modestly covet for purposes of reeteation. They allude lo the domain as though it wore a modél- ate sized flower-garden sacred to sweet perfumes and courtship, instead of its containiug an area, ¡is it does, of seven hundred acres, the Value of which may be safely estimated at one hundred thousand pounds sterling. This would be rather too expensive a piece of ground to be given away, for the recreation oí the citizens, even were it not pledged as ' security for our debentures. One portion of the domain, that upon which the I battery stands, is in tho possession of the Ordnance Department ; and, as long as it remains so, the public will have the benefit of1 it as a promenade. Indeed we do, not see how the good citizens of Hobait Town can possess a more un-1 restricted right of enjoying themselves in the domain than they now have ; and wc do hope, therefore, that we shall hear no more of a request which involves in it the sacrifice of all honor, rectitude, and ' good faith.-Baily Mercury, 21st April. We have much pleasure in giving pub-1 licity to the following paper shewing the result of several experiments which havo been made with lSiiglUh. and Colonial i Coals, and Tasmanian gum logs and leaves, for the purpose of ascertaining their relative value in the manufacturo j of gas. It will bo seen that the result obtained from the Sydney Coal is only ! eight hundred cubic feet moro than that ' obtained from our Fing.il Coal. Wo ] have on several occasions directed at- tention to the advantages which would I accrue from the working of the Fingal Mines, and the result now obtained clearly demonstrates those advantages. It is well known that the deeper tho | mino is worked tho richer and more valuable becomes the Coal extracted. This has been invariably the case in ¡di i parts of the world ; and we have no reason to suppose but that on experiment the same law will bo found in operation here. Now, the mines from which the I Australian Agricultural Company's Coal | is obtained have been wdrked.fpr yeais, I aud it is acknowledged that the Coal is | far more bituminous than it was at first. The Fingal Coal from which this îosulL I has been ascertained was taken from the | crop, the bed having never yot boen I worked ; and we state, on the authority 'of the gentleman to whom we aro in- debted for tho following analysis, that he has no doubt whatever that, were the mines at Fingal worked, the Coal would hi found very much superior, and wonld yield a much larger measurement of gas to the tou than tho Sydney Coal. Wc give the paper : Since the establishing of Gas Works in this City in March 1857, several experiments have been made with different Colonial Coals for the purpose of ascertaining their relative value for the manufacture of Gas ; latterly these experiments'havo been con- tinued with native Woods, obtained from I Fort Arthur nnd Mount Wellington, and the results from the Woods have been »o favourable a» to »how that Gas moy be manufactured in this City from a mixture of native Wood and imported Coal. The following table shows the result« ob- tained from Colonial Coal, and Wood, as compaied with the best English Coals. 1 c. ft. pas. Enplbh Boghead Canuel coal 14,000 V-ton " Lisn,aha¿o " ., 10,500 " " Wigan " .. 0.500 » " Newcastle coal . 8,500 » Sydney A. A Co. coal . 0.500 " Tasmanian 1'ingal coal . 5,700 ,, " Mersey coal . 4,600 " " Douglas Uiver coal... 3,500 lt " Schouten Island coal 2,500 >> Green gum leaves, and branches half dry . 11,700 " Dry gum leaves und branches 10,500 '" Outside slab», gum logs . 7,200 " Small green gum branches ... C,3ü0 ., The gas obtained from the leaves and wood of the gum tree (Eucalypti) is inferior ia illuminnthig quality to that obtained from Sydney A. A. Co. coal, but even the latter is so inferior as to require a small mixture of English Boghead coal to give it the proper illuminating power, and by doubling that pioportion of Boghead coal, when using wood, gas of the best illuminating power could be obtained. Hobart Town, 13th April 1858. From this it becomes evident that the employment of gum logs and leaves can only be looked upon as an auxiliary in the manufacture of gas; an important auxiliary it is true, but still one that depends entirely for its usefulness on its union with English Boghead Connel Coal. The rosulfc of tho foregoing analysis, however, has increased our anxiety to induce capitalists to open and work the mines at Fingal. Wa have the assurance of one well competent to express an1 opinion upon the subject, that the coal forwarded from that locality, and of which the crop only has been tested, would be found, when tho seam was fairly opened, as far superior to the Sydney Coal as the Fingal crop is inferior. It is truly lamentablo that in a colony known to be so rich in mineral ores, such a want of energy should be displayed. A largo number of vessels are now engaged in procuring Coal from Newcastle for consumption in Mel- bourne and in this Colony ; whilst it is absolutely cortain that in Tasmania we have a superior article lying unheeded and unappreciated. Is there any other Colony besides this in which such a want of energy would be displayed ? 2ibt | only might wo save the capital wo aro now exponding on this import from New South Wales, but we might, at tlie samo time, convert out- own coal into an export, and one which would bo preferred ( in Victoria from its proximity to their market, if not from its superiority. Nor are the difficulties in convoying the Coal from the miues to the coast of such a nature as to repulse any who are possessed of n mode'rately enterprising spirit. On a former occasion we adverted to this more fully ; and strongly urged upon our capitalists the advantages which would result from working these mines. But our words wero as the idle wind which no man heedcth ; and we doubt even now, with the practical result | of tlie richness ol' theso Coals staring them in the face, whether anything we eau say will be sufficiently powerful to overcome the apathy of our monied mon. -Daily Mercury, 22ud April. We have not heard of any stops ns yet taken by the government for carrying into eü'ect the objects contemplated by theParliamentwhen voting five thousand , pounds for the geological survey of the ] Island. This vote we tuke it may turn out to bo one of the most important and valuable ever sanctioned by the Legisla- I ture, or it may prove not only absolutely useless but positively mischievous ac- cording to the manner in which the object | proposed is attempted. Now that the ; money voted for an exploration at Fingal has been spent, we all acknowledge that it was thrown away. lind that amount been placed at the dispo=al of a practical geologist, one who would have engaged a dozen men and sunk shaits at such places its science and experience poiuted out, we should, nt all events, have been satisfied that no remunerative gold- field existed in that locality. At present we are not so. There is «¡till the same un- certainty, the same hope deferred, as ever. That gold exists at Fingal we know, but in what quantities it exists is a problem which has never yet been j solved, Not a single bolo was ever carried to the bottom thuie ! And tho result will be precisely the same should a similar course be pursued in the geological survey for which this money h.is been voted. When the Kcvd. Mr. UiAitKE carno over from Sydney upon our own invitation, he pointed out certain localities in which it was probable, judgiug from their geological formation, that gold would be found in quantities. It was duo to that gentleman's well known ability and scientific knowledge, that the places indicatedjby him should at all events bo tested, We have not his lecommendations by us at this moment, but we well remember that, in au especial manner, ho pointed out the banks ol' the Gordon Uiver ns affording strong evidence for believing that, gold existed in that locality. Aaiüyet neither on the banks ofthe Gordon, nor in any other locality named by him, has any at- tempt been made to set the matter at rest. Wo consider that Mr. CiiAmce was entitled to more consideration at the hands of those who invited him hither ; and we do hope that, in the geological Survey authorised by the vote of the P.uluunont, some little regard will be paid to the opinions expressed by that gentleman upon this momentous and all-important subject. To explore a colony so heavily tim- bered as this, by private enlorpriso, is what will never be accomplished. There is a private party now exploring to the westward under the charge of Mr. Glovjcb, and wc look with considerable interest to the re»ulfc of this gallant i little expedition. There can be no doubt I but that much valuable information will be obtained from them, and by chance they may make discoveries which will prove of incalculable benefit ; but even should they do so, of what value will their information bo compared with what j it would havo becu had the same party beeu under the charge of a practical and scientific man,-one who could have pushed his enquiries into channels which will never be dreamed of by theso ama- teur exploréis, and who would have for- warded the results oflieially to the Government to be entcied upon the maps of the country for the guide and information of others ? A pr.ictical ge- ologist and mineralogist would do this, and thus the peculiarities of the country over which he tiavolled would become known. Any discovery he nuido would be immediately transmitted and regis- tered, and woi}ld¿hus affoid guaranteed data for others to'proceed upon," His attention would sot be confined toa search for indications ol' gold, but off i every metallic oro, lead, coppor, iron, aud such like, with some of which there can I bo no doubt this colony abounds. This was the plan adopted on Lake Superior in Canada, and what Iris been the re- sult ? In l8 tai there were not a dozen residents there ; now there aro forty thousand ! . Tiie first duty of the government would be to engage the services of a practical and scientific geological Surveyor. Wo fear it would be in vain to hope for the services of tho Bevd. Mr. Clauke, indeed I1Í3 health, nnd the dutios of Mb office, would alike preciado him from entering upon au undertaking requiring a strong -and robust constitution and one who hss been inured to the fatigues and vicissi-! tudës of a bush life. But could not Mrr Ciauke recommend one in .whose ability and knowledge he had confi-¡ dence ? 1 The dutieB of such a gentleman would, bo to visit all known existing t veins of minerals ; to instituto enquiries as 'to the probable localities where gold, j copper, lead, or coals, are likely to be discovered, and examine those places' accompanied by a few laborors and miners,whom ho would leave to dig there whilst he pushed on his explora- tions iu the immediate neighbourhood, ' On making any important discovery ho would at once report the circumstance to the government, furnishing such authentic information regarding it as would enable the capitalist or minor'to purchase or lease the laud and com- mence work at once. After having! visited and reported generally upon all ! localities in which it is now thought minerals exist, such as, and especially, tlie localities , indicated by the Eeval Mr. CiiAnKD, he would commence a regular aud systematic geological Survey of the whole Island ; and in forwarding to tho governmunt the result oí his researches relative to ouc minerals, ho would also embrace a description of the land and timber in the vicinity of those researches, and furnish such other data as would serve as a guide to others. Nor do we think the Ministry should lose any time in socuring the services of a geutloman competent to perform these duties. During the winter months he might bo gaining nn insight into the geological formations of tho Island ; visiting mines at present in operation ; examining the localities in which both gold and coppor have been found ; and in obtaining a knowledge of such other general laws as could be ascertained from sueltan inspection of these localities. By adopting such a course, the govern- ment will render this five thousand pounds one of the wisest, the best, and the cheapost, money votes ever sanc- tioned by Parliament. . We hope to learn soon that this matter baa been engaging the earnest attention of the Executive.-Daily Mercury, 20th April. TnE following remarks are tuleen from | oho Examiner of Saturday last : " Considerable dissatisfaction exists, nnd has, on more than one occasion, boen ex- pressed, ut the manner in which contracts have been taken without sufficient publicity. It h a« been suggested that the public works department, the staff of which costs £1,500, miyht be superseded entirely, and plans and specifications, when required, obtained, by payment of a premium, from competitors, as I oil the oilici side of the straits. A practical mau would be necessary to supeiintend the execution ot the woik, which a qualified re- sident would be willingly lound to do at a smuti cummibEion on the outlay. 1 lie sum of £10,000 has been voted for public woiks at Launceston, and adveitisements inviting tenders fur the erection of a powder maga, zine aie published. We shall be happy to see a premium offered for the best design for a suite of public ónices-a building that will enable the government to. consolidate the olhccs into one building which shall be un ornament to the town." We should be very glad to see this or indeed any suggestion adopted which would facilitate the immediate execution ol' the Public Works authorised by the Parliament. It is paiufully evident that so long as the preparation of the necessary plans and specifications is lelt to the IJepaitmenfc of Public Works, so long will the- works be left to the esti- mates and futurity. There was £10000 voted for Public Works at Launceston some three months ago, and a similar sum for the like puipose in Hobart Town, whilst the only tendéis called for as yet have beeu those for the embank- ment of a portion of the Swamp and for erecting a Powder Magazine at Laun- ceston, When wc remember that one 0f the main objects in undertaking these works was to find employment for the woiking classes during the winter months and thus obviate the alterna- tive of want or emigiation, which is the only alternative lelo to them, the gross anti unpardonable delay occasioned hy the "consistency" of the Publie Woiks Department is much and scveiely to bo reprehended. Past experionco might have told the government what manner of, men -they were who compose this dilatory oltice j and this knowledge ought to have warned the Ministry against entrusting to such slothful haiuls any matters requiring even the ordinary amount of energy and speed. The Parliament wo imagine will ask, when it meets again, why its intentions have been thus shamefully neglected and defeated by being handed over to men iu whose ability they had expressed an unmistakeablo want of confidence ? Our only surprise is that the well-known tact of the Executive permitted ils members to commit a folly so injurious to their present reputation and iuture prospeots. If two or three extra bauds woie -(requisite in order to accelerate the preparation of tbe neces- sary plans aud specifications, what pre- vented thom from obtaining auoli assist- ance ? II» would have boen w isor to have incurred this responsibility than the responsibility of allowing the inten- tions of the Parliament to be defeated iu order to koep in countennuce two or three noodles in tho Public Works' Department. One thing ¡3 evident enough. Had the Parliament adhered to its first determination, and have awept this incubus from off the esti- mates, instead of making an unwise concession to tho earuest pi ayers and supplications of the Government, tho whole of these Public Works would have been vat this moment vigorously pro- gressing, aud the ,£1500 thrown away in unnecessary salaries would have beeu saved. If plans and specifications aro prepared and tenders are invited at tho same slow pace as that which has char- acterised the performance of theso duties iu connexion with the Launceston Swamp and Powder Magasine, £1500 will be found a large sum of money to pay for tbe viorlç done by the Public Works' Ítouáilmeufc during the last', twolye mouths of its ill-spout existence, How much money and how much time uiúht have been saved had the.-o plans and specifications been drawn by pri- vate architects ; and how much better, in all probability, would tho work have been done! Wo peifectly agree with our northern contemporary that these Public Works ought not to be left to the aichitectural inspirations of one mau, eveu though that man be a Di- rector of Public "Works with a large salary. Why did not the Government oder a premium for the best design the same as other Governments have clone, ' and the sime as Companies, and, often, private individuals do? We would rather see the £1500 thrown into the street, than have such ungainly and lumbering affairs as the now Govern ! ment House frightening people out of their senses in the heart of the City. Let the new builciugs have some pre : tensions at all events to elegance in J their proportions, even if we have to , wait until the Publie Works' Depart-1 meut passes from time into eternity. If theso plans arc being delayed in tho1 1 hope of squeezing another twelve ' months' pny out of this departmental-! ridden Colony, it will bo found to be a great delusion. Such an incubus as this, if it existed for another year, would be intolerable. ' ' ! i We are not disposed to binnie Mr. Kay for his evident desire to chime in with tlie humor of lho Government.' There íb a strong northerly gale blowing i in the Executive just now, and thoso 1 will do best who trim their sails accord- ingly. That "rotten old tub," the I Public Woiks, which has long been too "cranky" to beat to windward, has squared her yards, got'away northward, and is now high and dry on the Laun- ceston Swamp with a good strong ward round the Powder Magazine, and we very much doubt whether she will be ever got afloat again. The sooner sha is broken up and sold for fire-wood the better'. Tho "Noithorn influence,'* which is now becoming a great fact, has manifested itself in every measure which has been-undertaken of late; and, in this instance, it is extremely apparent. Although the Department exists on this side of tlie Island, and works equnlly imperative are ordered to be undertaken here, it is found moro con- venient to proceed first witli those which lie at a dislauci- of one hundred and twenty miles ! If this does not open' the eyes of the Citizens as to the ulte- rior designs of tlie Government wc do not know what will. The Executive Council sits at Launceston ; the Public Woiks are to bo gone on ,wiih first at Lauucestou ; the Ball and Lovco are to be held at Launceston ; and, if the good Citizens of Hobart Town do nojt speak out pretty plainly, wo shall have a motion for removing the Parliament to Launceston brought ou und carried by the " Northern influence." This is evidently the intention of the Goveru tnenl ; and it ought to be nipped in the bud. We do not envy our northern friends their Powder Magnzine, how- ever. So long as it remains in the hands of the Public Works' Department we will insure it agaiust completion. Daily Mercury, May 4th. 