THE DEBT UPON ST. JOSEPH'S CHUKCH. (From the Hobart Town Mercury.) Oh Sunday afternoon a large meeting was held by the community attending St. Joseph's Church, to deviso moons for de fraying the debt that remains on that building, wlttn tho Uishop read Ihr following address, which will explain the actual state of LhingB, and, no doubt, produco tho effect that it desired. To the Catholics op Hobaet Town and its Vicinity. Beloved of Our Lord,— You aro too well aware, unhappily, that sonic questions regarding tempornl mat ters belonging to St. Joseph's Church, have long delayed a final settlement. At length, however, overy obstacle has been removed. The land on which the Church and other buildings stand, has been duly conveyed, by grant from the Crown to (de T. usteee elected by you in December last. To effect this desirable settlement, I have, relying on your faith, your zeal, and generosity, made myself personally respon sible for Fifteen Hundred Pounds (£1600), and £46 12s. Od. expenses in obtaining the grant, tm& for the settlement of this long pending question. The payment therefore, of this £1646 12s. 6d. will render the Church, and the whole of the adjoining property, qnite free from all debt. The Church being uow your indisputable pro perty, let it not Btand in debt. To you, then, I am compelled to appenf, to assist in relieving me from this heat y burden I have ventured to take upon inc. This appeal will not, I am sure, bu r - jectcd with a cold refusal, or cold indillt ? ence. I onlv ask of each one, what he, -t she, can reasonably give— I do, however, on this oeeasioti, ask for something- ft every one, even a trifle from the child in tho arms of its mother. Those whom God has blest with nmp o means will I trust, holp mo liberally i,i, I cheerfully ; and remember tho Kacrc I Scripture tells us, that 'God loves ti.o cheerful giver. Those who have roeeiv.' I less, will, give according to tlio!r mom. . The poor Widow menticned by imi' Blessed Lord, in the 12th chapter of St. Mark, gave more by her two mitea, than the rich, who gave abundantly ; becauf, solely lor God'e honour, she gave all ?? kh; possessed.' You are not counselled, hoc required, to give nil you possess, but }\\.a areadvieed not to weigh with cold m. t niggardly feelings liovv iitrlo you cungiv. ; bur with a grnerous nnd confiding hcari, and a cheerful mind, to give freely : know ing, that whatever you have, whether it be much or little, comes from Him, v/ao U ' the giver of all good |-ifts.' 1 make this appeal to you, in the ho;)') that this burden may be speedily tak. n from me :— for, to a great extent, as lu:i,f jfts it presses upon me, my energies in many ways, as liitshop, must' be crippV ?:, and my efforts paralyzed. Once this bur den is removed, by Heaven's blesaing, I hone I shall be in a. position (it the A: m'ph'y spares me a little longer, aud de crees that I should remain with you) t ? assist not only you in your efforts to sorvn Him, and sanctify your souli, but a.-j those who have an equal claim upon icu throughout tho Uland. The oommon adage, shat ' those w' 'i would be helped, must also help them selves,' will, lfeel confident, hold good o.t this occasion ; and in proportion as yri:r zeal, faith, snd generosity shall be mani fested, iu proportion will there bogeneroi.'i bands stretched out far and wide to hii,) you. 1 shall wish- and measures, shall Ij-» adopted to secure it being carried ii.u effect — that the name of every individu 1 whB shall aid in this good work, shall Ij faithfully registered and the amount 1»- given cither at one time, or weekly, i ;? monthly, stated. la conclusion, the beau iful cxhortali.'i ninde by St. Paul to hit gealout conveia at Corinth, shall now be addressed to yu: : and remember, far your comfort and eno ..i- ragement, that U was inspired by the H-.y Ghost. ' Now this I 6»y : Ho who noweth sparin/iv shall alto roap sparingly : and lie who sowi'li in hlcEe'mgs, shall also reap of UeeBCngs ' Every one as ho hatli de'eriiiiued in li-i heart, not with ssdnus?, or of uvecssity ; I j:' God lovoth the cheerful giver. ' And God i» able lo make all g.JCC aboui-.! in you ; tint ye always having all tnifficieim' in all things, may abound in every good woi - . ' At it is written ; ho hath clispe t ? t abroad, he hath given to tbc pour : his justi.u reinainetb for ever. '? And ho that mimstcrcth seed to tho sow. will both givo you bread to oat and willmu. liply your seed, and increase the growth of tlu fruits of your justice.' (2 Cor. ix.) 'Tim grace of our Lord Jet us Christ, atM Iho cliaiity of Gud, and tho communication u. tlie Uuly Ghost bo witli you all. Amen.' As soon as the addrecs had been re«-! (lie following resolutions wcro passcc, without h dissentient voioc : — Proposed by Mr. Anstcy, M.H.A., au I seconded by Mr, Murphy, — 1\. That this meeting wishes to express i.s gratitude to the Right Rev. the Bishop, l»r having taken upon himself tho a'spontibilit ?- for the sum named in his paternal address, -M plodgcs itself to use the most strenuous endea vours to procure funds for its liquidation un soon «s possible. Proposed by Mr. Roper, and seconded by the Key. W. Bond,— 2\. That in order to carry into effect Iho first resolution, it is advisable that subscription Jims should Iw immediately opened, and ollur measures adopted for obtaining funds. Moved by Dr. M'Carthy, end seconded by Mr. John l.'oyle, — ;!. That tbo Vicar General will be please.l to allow two persons to be placed at flic CIiukIi door each Sunday, in order to take down tin-1 nimiB and recivu the donations of all wh.- wish to contribute towards tbo funds, and th:.: ho be advised to confide collecting books ij different members of the congregation, in oru. r to mark down donations, or weekly, -x monthly subscriptions, as proposed in tlu Bishop's appeal Proposed by Mr. If.. Hunter, and secouded by Jlr. M'Loughlan,— 4\. That tho Vicar General bo requested !?- stato from time to time, the progress tho fui, I makes, in order to oncouragc the zealous, ui it to spur on the lukewarm. Moved bv Mr. Henry Doyle, OLi seconded by Mr. Johu O'Buylo, — C. That tho following members of the cm., niuuily be appointed to assist the Vtrm General, in arranging plans, and carrying out his suggestions for the success of the goid work. A subscription list was then opened an : tnoLcy to the amount of £31C 7s. O.i. actually laid on the table, and nnnies, wit.i promises given for £206 more, making 4 total of £622 Ts Od. We ore informed, that further contribu tions have been sent in since the mcetiii^ was held, 