PERE JEAN, OR THE JESUIT MISSIONARY.' ? A CATHOLIC STORY FOUNDED ON F.ACTS. , u CHAPTER IX. The Council. ? 'Every night' Father Laval and tltc novice had been.bound and confined with the other, prisoners in the lodge. In the meanwhile Rent: Bourdoise began to gain strength, for Morning Flower, compassionat ing his suft'erings,extended her kindness towards him, and supplied him, as well as Father Laval, with food, in addition to that distributed by their captors. A little gentle exercise, and hours of rest, assisted nature wonderfully in her recuperative efforts ; but although the two Frenchmen recruited each day in health, they were still subject to all the petulant cruelty of the Iroquois. Still it was only the com-, mon torture which every captive was made to endure, and, though great in itself1, dwindled away into little ness when met by their boundless patience and tranquillity of heart. ? ? ; A week had passed, but there seemed to be no disposition on the part of the Mohawk warriors to leave their village eren upon a hunting expedition. It was the com moon, and plenty surrounded them ? — and the Indian is always satisfied if the present be provided for. They were awaiting the return of the runners with the fire-water from Fort Orange. Towards the evening of the sixth day these messen gors came back unexpectedly to the village, having met a Dutch trader some day's journey from the village, and purchased from him the necessary supply. It was now determined by the braves that a council should he held on the following day to decide upon the fate of the prisoners ; and a portion of the fire-water was ? set aside for the carousings which would follow upon such a proceeding. A runner was therefore at once despatched to the village which had joined in the war party, inviting the presence of a deputation to assist at the council. Father Laval, who had already retired to the council lodge, watched these proceedings with a troubled oye j he saw bustle and preparation, hut 'was unable to conceive its object. Leloup sat coldly watching the movements of the Iroquois, knowing too well what, was likely to ensue. The Jesuit at length turned an inqairing eye upon him, and questioned him : ' What is the cause of /all this commotion, my son?' ' Fire water!' said Leloup, sententiously. 'The runners have come back from the traders, and the Mohawk will he crazy to-night— he will kill if he can.' ? 'If he can? — alas! there is nothing to prevent him j theaj my children, we' must look upon death ras immediately before us, and be ready to meet him like Christian men !' ' 'Good!' said Leloup emphatically, ' but they will not all drink— Hhey will cast lots who shall be guird — may kill, though. It is good to be ready !' ?'At length the 'council lodge was closed up - and fastened firmly, while it was evident to the prisoners that a 'double guard was placed over them to pro tect them from any attempts which might be made ?gainst them by the intoxicated Indians in the fury ' of their orgies. The noise without began to increase, and soon became uproarious. The greater portion ? of the intoxicating liquid had been carefully con cealed in order that it might be preserved for the ?iecond festival, in pursuance of the plan adopted. '/.The intoxication, therefore, of the braves, scarcely ^reached to that point of frenzy when the whole pas \- 'siori of the savage is aroused and nothing but blood will satisfy him. Yet now and then an Indian, more excited than the rest, would approach the lodge with reeling step, but flashing eye, and endea ??' vour to force his way to the prisoners; but the strong guard at the entrance always baffled their attempts, and drove off the assailants with good humoured blows and laughter. As the arms of the drinkers had been taken from them little danger was to be : apprehended from them, unless they should succeed in obtaining them again. Night came on, and by the light of the fires the revellers carried on their orgies. The blaze falling on the front of the council ' lodge, cast the rear and the tents behind it into a dark shadow. Most of the inhabitants had gathered in the open space, and were occupied in observing the mad antics of the drunken Indians. At length, ' while the carousing was at its height, a figure slowly * emerged from the edge of the forest, and keeping in the darkest shadows, outstretched upon the ground, ooilcd along slowly and cautiously towards 'the lodge. There it rolled up closo besido the lower logs of the wide building, and even to a search ing, eye. was almost indistinguishable from them. ? Thus it lay for some time motionless. Le Loup had 1 just stretched himself upon the hard floor, when he heard a low sound like the licking of an insect in the log near his head. It persevered in a singular manner, and lie answered it with a like sound. ? ' Huron !' said a voice very low, hut perfectly distinct— reaching no other car but that of the 'prostrate warrior. ?' Leloup!' replied 'the other, giving, his name. ' Good !' Buid the other voice, which the Huron recognised as that of Ahabisrtari. ,, , ' Council, to-night, V1, asked the chief, after ! a pausi1. ',,??*' ,i/ -, , -. ! .'No, to-morrow, l'tsaid Lc Loup.' ,- , - ! i*1'1 Is the blackgown strong enough to travel lothe .river i' .. ' i ???'. / .- ' ,' ,',. „? j . | \- '-Yea I but the Mohawk is quick, and watchful'' ? 'Oitu the - Huron e'sonpe' from' Ihe'lodge with tjie- , hfil]) of'Ahnfiflari?'/ ? .- ?,;-.' - .. ? , r t ' ? ' There is an opening above, hut all are bound hiiid and, font.' ,; ; , ' , ',' ' ? j ?' ' Thu lenife of_ Ahasistaii will sever the cord'—' » rilcnoe enauod, 'during which the chief was busily occupied in removing a' block, whicli filled up the space between, two :uf. the logs — ' let Le Lqup lie close, so that, the knife may cut his cord,' said Ahasist.iri,;as the block began to yield to his efforts. At this moment two braves of the guard, fearful that so'Tie of the caronsers might endeavour to do mischief through an opening in the rear, passed around the lodge to examine it. They conversed as they wont along, and the engrossing topic of the village expectation filled their minds. ' The pale face is a great medicine,' said one; ' the braves of the tribe will not spare him in the 'council — for he will blight the coming harvest, and cast' a spell on the hunting grounds.' ' The big Huron will he tortured,' said the other. ' Yes ! no one will adopt them, and they tnust be tortured, the dogs !' 'The council will decide to- morrow — Kiohba wishes all to be tortured. None know the wishes of'lCipdego, and the war chief is silent.' The two Mohawks now stood for a moment almost touching Ahasistari, who lay close to the side of the lodge,' motionless as the wood itself. From their conversation the chief gathered that the council was looked to with great anxiety, as t'-iere was a diver sity of opinion with regard to the fate of the Jesuit. At this moment a wild yell interrupted the two Mo hawks, and drew them away. The carousers having exhausted the liquor set out for them, searched for the remainder, and having found it;,ov(yrpowered the guard and carried it off. The Huron chief renewed his efforts with more hardihood, when he was again interrupted. ? The Indians in charge of the lodge had left it unprotected, and hastened to the assistance of their companions. Several of the half-intoxicated Mohawks discovered this, and rushed towards the lodge in a body, determined to sacrifice the prisoners upon the instant. The old women had obtained some of the rum, and now, intoxicated, they joined furiously in the revels, till the open space around the fires presented a scene worthy of any pandemo nium. The light of the fires, as they stirred and tossed up the brands, flashed fitfully upon the crowds of reeling wretches, shrieking in the madness of inebriety. Here were groups contending with the guards for the last remnants of the fire-water. ~ There parties of the revellers fought and struggled in harmless fury among themselves. The grave and solemn Indian warrior transformed into a wallowing brute ; some sat, like grinning idiots, gazing with meaningless faces into the fires, whose glare played wildly over their crouching figures: — whilst, fiercest of all, came on towards the lodge the few bent on murder. They had reached the opening ; no guards were there ; the fastenings were yielded to their hands. At that moment a powerful figure rose up, as it were in the midst of them, and mingled with them. Two heavy blows from his stalwart arm brought the foremost of the rioters to the ground ; the rest fell over them shouting madly. The figure drew back behind the corner of the lodge, for the cries of the party had attracted the guard, who ran in strength to the spot, and having relieved the prisoners from danger, which was imminent, re mained doubly watchful at their position. In a moment more Ahasistari gained the edge-of the forest and stood awaiting the result. All hope of escape for that night was cut off. Some of the guards took their position within the lodge, while others destroyed the rum that still remained, as the only means of quieting the tumult ; and one by one the revellers fell off into the deep sleep of intoxi cation. Ahasistari returned to his hiding place among the rocks, satisfied that no further harm would befall the prisoners until the council should decide upon their fate. Le Loup felt little doubt, and he could delay no longer in the attempt at rescue, but must at length cast all his hope upon the hazard of the die. He must win all or loose all. As Quickfoot did not return, he concluded that he must have fallen in with Watook, and that they awaited his commands at the appointed spot. It was now necessary to despatch the remaining Huron, instantly to bring up these warriors, and it would even then occupy them until the evening of the next day to reach the rocky hiding place of their chief. The Huron set out, and Ahasistari was left alone. He knelt and prayed. Father Laval remained some time absorbed in prayer after all the sounds without had died away# Of a strong and enduring frame, and used to hard ships, he had already recovered from the effects of .the long and painful inarch through the forest, while the novice, though much improved, still suffered severely from his labors. The Hurons, all along, aware that their chief was hovering about them, knew that any attempt at rescue was of too , doubtful result for them to rest a hope upon, and prepared themselves still more, every hour, for that final and fatal trial which impended over them. At length they gave themselves up to slumber with cheerful hearts, trusting in'the goodness and mercy of, God.. ,„-.-„;.„...-.... ? ;... ? With morning began the preparations for the council. The sullen countenances of those who had shared over night in the debauch, boded ill for the prisoners. Many a scowling and savage look was cast upon them. A little after noon came the depu tation from the neighbouring village : it was small, composed of but two or three braves the ; greater portion of the successful warriors had gone out with their share of the plunder towards Fort Orange,: to exchange it for powder, lead, rum, and, other articles of traffic. The deputies were received with much pomp and ceremony, and regaled with the best fare that the village contained. They were then con ducted to the council lodge, where the proceedings were opened with great state and solemnity. The elder and most distinguished braves formed. .them- selves in a circloin tho centre of the lodge; beyond them sat the less notable of the tribe. Each one, as lie entered, took his seat in order : profound silence reigned throughout the assemblage. At length the old chief arrived — the calumet tvas passed around — and, at a sign from Kiodego, as a mark of honor, the brave who had commanded the successful war posts arose to address them. His voice, at first low, swelled out as he proceeded, and his gesture became animated and picturesque. A robe of light skins was fastened around his waist and fell below his thigh, ?, a collar, of the claws of tho wild bear, hung nrqjiml his neck, a snake skin encircled his arm, and the feathers of the wild eagle adorned his head. His face was hideously painted. 'Streaks of black and red were drawn from his cars towards his mouth, while a broad band of vermillion extended across his forehead and over his eyes. As he spake he pointed towards the prisoners, and at length singled out the Jesuit. . , ' Why has he come from his far land, from tho bones of his fathers, across the groat water, to the hunting grounds of tho red men ? His people havb settlejl down among our 'brothers- in -the north,- and lo ! they ;have ? ma'de' 'tlieni .women ! ' They; have turnul tho Hurons to dogs, made thiVn forsake tho Grca^ Spirit, and join with, the prfle face, in battle, against their' own kind andcolor'! jTheblackrobo is a _ medicine j he speaks, . warriors -weep j : the' Hurons are his slaves; lie is a great .' mediciiic! What shall be 'the 'fate of the pale face.?' ' : ' r The chief sat down, and asilehca of a few minutes duration 'eiisued. It was broken at length by a warrior, who said : , 'Let him die! Kiohba's voice is that the pale face die at the stake. His enchantments have des troyed the Hurons, have driven away the buffalo and bounding deer. His people have swept down the beautiful forests on the great river. ? Kiohba has seen him make that sign upon his forehead which our white brothers of Fort Orango tells us is a folly and a wickedness — a sorcery. If the chiefs spare the pale face, he will soften the hearts of the Jro quois and weaken their arms in battle, and they will fall before his people, and become slaves, like the Hurons. The pale face must die !' Several of the warriors nodded their head in silent approval of the speech of the brave. ' Lot us keep the great medicine,' said one who had not been of the war party, but who had listened with wonder to the reported conversions of the priest. ' Let us keep him in the tribe. Let us make him our brother, and give him the first ripe corn and the fattest of the deer ! Let us build him a lodge, and his heart will love the Mohawk people ; he will strengthen their arms and protect their villages !' A smile of scorn_played upon the lips of Kiohba, as he replied : ' My brother is a cunning counsellor ; ho is wise and brave at the council fire ! Does he need a great medicine to strengthen his courage ? Kiohba fears not the medicine. He has met the Huron and the French, in battle. The pale face must die!' , . Other warriors now arose, some espousing one side and some the other. The dispute grew warm, when Kiodego interposed : ' My brothers !' he said, ' it has been demanded, why the blackrobe came into our land, and why he goes far into the wilderness with the Hurons scatter ing his spells upon his path. Let the pale face answer. Unbind him, and lead him forward.' A young warrior hastened to release the Jesuit, and assisted him into the circle. ' Speak, Tulhasaga !' said the old chief coldly, as if he had as vet heard nothinc from the priest -con- cerning the object of his mission. ' Speak ! Why comest thou to our land ? What dost thou seek ?' Father Laval bowed his head for a moment in prayer, and then replied : 'Chief, I seek souls; I came to do the work. of my Master ; I came to preach another faith in this land, to teach aud instruct the ignorant. My mission is one of peace ; it is with the souls of men; and not their bodies. I would teach them to calm their passions, to cast out the spirit of evil fcom their hearts; to walk in the path of justice and of virtue. I came over the stormy waters to bear the tidings of the Gospel to the heathen, and to plant the holy cross in the wilderness. You ask, with what object I was going far into the west. I was about to seek new converts to the cross. But, chief,' — and the voice of the missionary swelle'd out into its fullest and most musical tones, entrancing the ear of the savage. His form was lifted up, and his hands outstretched before him. t 'But, chief, the' Great Spirit, in his wisdom, has willed it otherwise. From my path to the Huron country lie has turned my steps towards the Mohawk villages — and here, 0 chief, in captivity, submissive to the will ot my divine Master, I preach Christ to the Iroquois ; I preach Christ crucified; listen to me!' Deep exclamations broke from the astonished council, but they awaited in patience. ' You are in dark ness, I bring you light; receive it!' And he told them how God had created the world, and man the lord of all ; of the fall ; of the redemp tion j of the new Gospel ; of the commission- to his apostles and their successors to gj forth and ' teach all nations, baptizing them in the name . of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost; how the blind saw, how the lame walked, and tho dead were raised to life again. And then he painted be fore their eyes, in glowing colours, the joys of heaven which were reserved for those who should believe in Him, and love and serve him, and the fearful torments which the all-just God destined for those who should reject and disobey his commands. A gleam of wild joy broke from the eyes of the Hurons, as they looked upon the astonished Mo hawks, while the Jesuit continued; 'This is the reli gion which I preach; these are the glad tidings which 1 bring you ; and it is to announce this Gospel to the children of the wilderness that I have come from the land of the east. The Great Spirit speaks it to you by my mouth ; listen, and believe !' Father Laval concluded, and silence reigned for a time throughout the lodge.' At length Kiodego addressed him : ' My brother has spoken well, he is wise ! , But he tells a strange tale, how shall we believe him \' 'He speaks with a forked tongue,' said Kiohba, 'he is a liar!' ' ' We are satisfied with our own God,' exclaimed | another, 'the war-god — Wacondah. The God of the great medicine has made cowards of the Hurons ; the God of the Mohawks strengthens the arms of his children in battle. The Mohawks want not the God of the pale face.' And' then the clamour for his death became louder, while the advocates, not of mercy, but of delay for. expediency, were silenced. The .fate of the good priest seemed already sealed. Without further delay, a Mohawk approached him, and, at a signal from the chief, compelled him to kneel, and began to paint his head and facei .Then a shout of joy broke from the crowd without; for it was the mark of death upon the victim, and they revelled already in anticipation of the tortue. At that moment a slight movement was made in the crowd ai'ound the door; it swayed forward and back ward, and then gave way, leaving an opening into the centre of the circle. Leaning upon a warrior, Kiskepila, weak and tottering, with his bandages still upon his wounds, pressed forward through the passage. The eye of the young chief fell upon the group in the centre. An exclamation burst from his lips. With the mighty energy of a strong spirit he rose from the arm that supported his weak form and strode alone into the circle. With one hand ho cast aside the Mohawk ; the other he rested upon the brow of the priest. A death-like stillness reigned upon the scene ; not a hand was raised to arrest his course ; not a voice was uplifted against him. Surprise held all tain silent, while the flash ing eye of the young warrior turned from face to face. ' Kiskepila is a chief,' said the young eagle of his tribe, ' who will oppose him 1 The Hurons have fled before the arm of Kiskepila ! Shall he have no voice in the councils of the tribe?' And he placed the other hand above the head of the knoeling priest. ' Shall he be silent when the boaster is heard 1' nnd he pointed to Kiohba. ' Kiskepila asks the chiefs and braves to spare the pale face.'' He looked around for a reply — there was none. ? At length Kiohba saidcoldly : ; ]??:? ; |! The chiefs and braves have spoken; the pale face must. die. See! the death paint is upon His-; brow.'1 '? . : '?;??' ' 't ' ?''??' :'-'-:c ''| '-?' AVfth a. look of scorn the young man turned away: from the speaker and glanced onco more around tlie; circle,' Tho features of the stern Mohawks wero un moved; (hey were silent. Kiohba was'triuinphing.i ' 'My brothers!' said Kiskepila, his eye lighting up with indignation, ' my brothers, Kiskepila was wounded and fainting, and dying upon the field of battle ; and the pale face bathed his lips and bound' his wounds. Kiskepila owes a lifo to the pale face, and he will repay it. Let Kiohba show the mark. of a Huron on his breast, or the scalp of a foe at his girdle.' ' The Indian replied not. The eyes of the old men turned upon the Jesuit, and, with an exclamation of wonder, they looked to the chief of the war party, for a confirmation of a story to thorn so strange. ' The words of the young eagle are true,' he said ; 'the pale face bound up the wounds of Kiskepiln ; he saved his life. The blackrobe was a dove upon the field of battle — a dove among the eagles.' Silence again ensued, The Jesuit, wrapped in prayer, scarce heeded the scene, around him; but eyer and. anon the bright eye of Le Loup would gleam upon him, as, with head bent forward, the Huron listened, with interest, to the words of the young Mohawk chief. ' The council have spoken !' said Kiohba again, fearful that a change might take place in the opinions of the warriors, some of whom seemed to lean towards the young chief; 'the council have already spoken; the pale face must die. It is right; for the spells of the blackrobe are upon the heart of Kiskepila; he has made a Huron of the -Mohawk.' _...- :' You lie, dog !' exclaimed the young chief, ?fie'jcely. 'The tongue of Kiohba is not forked,' said the other coldly, feeling the advantage which he was gaining, through the generous impetuosity of his opponent. ' Let the chiefs look j Kiskepila could not walk alone to the council lodge, and see ! he stands, as if he had no wounds upon him ; it is the spell of the pale face medicine. The blackrobe must die, or the warriors will become women!' The old men shook their heads, as they looked upon the upright and noble figure of the brave, while the bandages were still fresh, as it were, upon de'ep and dangerous wounds. It was the energy of the spirit, not of the flesh, that sustained the chief. The eyes of Kiohba gleamed with joy, as he saw the impression he had made. The young man again spoke, but in a lower and sterner tone : ' Kiskepila owes the pale face a life ; he shall not die! Kiskepila will adopt. him as his brother, in place of him who is dead. He demands the pale face for his brother !' Kiohba smiled grimiy, as he replied, pointing to the old chief: ' The father may demand the prisoner, to adopt him as his son. Let the chief speak ; will he take to his lodge the sorcerer, who has changed the heart of the young eagle who was once the truest of the Mohawks'!' Absorbed in anxious expectation, the young brave heeded not the taunt. Tho old man was silent for a moment, then raising his head, replied, firmly : ' Kiskepila was a warrior, a Mohawk. He has taken a Huron heart. The pale face has told him strange tales, antl he has heard. The black gown is a sorcerer. The lather of Kiskepila will not claim him; let him die!'.1 The head of the young chief s.mk upon his breast, and he was silent. ' He must die !' re- echoed Kiohba, aiid, taunt ingly, continued : ' He tells you that his God raised the dead to life ; why does he not call un the 'creat Champlain from the tomb to protect his people ? Let us see whether his God will save the pale face when - the flames shall glow, and cui'l around his white limbs !' 'You demand of me a miracle!' Father Laval replied gently; ' you- call on 'my-God to raise the dead. He has done so ; he can do it againr 'He has opened the silent tomb, and bid the dead arise and come forth, glowing witli life, and health, and energy; and he has done this at the prayer of his holy servants. I am but his humble follower. What right have you to demand- from .the, God who made you a sign and a miracle in testimony ? Yours is not the prayer of the willing; it is the scoff of the hater.' The indignant voice of the Jesuit ceased. After a pause of some moments an Indian approached, and finished painting his head and face. It was the sign of fatal. condemnation, and was received with exulta tion by many ; yet there were not a few who began to entertain an increased dread of what they imagined to be his power. But the feeling of the council was exc.ited, although that assemblage still retained its - calm and grave aspect ; and, with but little delay, the novice and the Hurons were also condemned to the torture. Father Laval, Le Loup, and two other Hurons were to suffer on the morrow, in front of the counoil lodge, while Ren6 Bourdoise arid the three remaining.' Hurons were to be tortured at the other village. The prisoners received their doom calmly, the Hurons looking coldly on the preparations, which were begun at once, to carry out the sentence of the council, which then broke up. When Kiskepila found all his efforts fruitless, he took the arm of the warrior who had assisted him to the spot, for his strength began to fail very rapidly, and, in silence, returned to his tent, de termined not to look upon suSerings which he could not prevent or alleviate. Morning Flower awaited sadly the termination of the council, and wept over the fate of the blackgown ; but she recalled' to memory the beautiful lessons of patience which he had taught her, and suppressed the manifestation of her grief. The Huron messenger of Ahasistari struck directly through the forest in the direction of the place where the braves were supposed to lie concealed. The stars were shining in the clear heavens, and an occasional glance at their sparkling orbs served to guide his path. Up over hill and steep ascent, over awamp and morass, went the swift Indian, at .his loping trot, tireless, never pausing. Midnight came,' and the runner still pressed on ; his mocassined feet springing yet lightly from the soft tuif, as he bounded on. Darkness melted slowly into the grey of morn, and morning brightened into day, and yet the Huron speeded on. At length he paused upon the summit of a little hill. At its foot! f-leiu- and pellucid, flowed a gentle stream. But no trace could he discover of any living thing upon its hanks^ ? or in its surrounding forest. ' A moment mbrehis eye scanned the wood, and then descended to' the water's edge. As ho leaned upon his rifle, he care fully observed the current flowing by liimj till his' gaze seemed riveted by a floating twig; with green leaves upon it. An eddy whirled it in towards 'the shore, and he drew it towards him with the butt of his rifle. The fracture of the branch was fresh, and it was evidently torn, not bitten off. Swinging his rifle into the hollow of his arm, the runner turned directly up the stream, taking care, to leave no tracks'behind him. For some time he proceeded oh his course, still casting an 'occasional glance at tho forest around him, and on the ground before him, J.watch'iug for the marks -of a, trail. Suddenly ho ipaused, and looked intently upon'the ground, and ;thetustooj)ed -down to examinn the suiface more closely.. ? ? ; ? ? .'Hugh! pale face !' ho exclaimed. The step was turned from the stream ; treading cautiously, 'so- as not to obliterate the trail. He followed it back to the water's edge, and examined the bushes which grew tlu-re; they were of the sams lind'ns'the branch in which he held in his hand. Falling into the trail, ho traced it up the hill, along' the summit of which it ran. At length a low whistling struck upon his ear, and he paused to listen ; and then crept on more cautiously. At the foot of a largo tree, on an elevated spot, from which an extensive sweep of the forest, facing towards the Mohawk village, was visible, sat the figure of a white man, holding in his hand a large rough ox horn, which -he was busily engaged in shaping into a powderhorn. Every now and then he compared it with the oiie which wa3 slung at his side, and then renewed his labors. Suddenly a new idea seemed to strike him ; and, putting it to his mouth, he gave a blast, which made the Huron start with surprise. Then he began at once to shape the small opening into something like a mouth-piece. At last he seemed satisfied, and putting it to his lips, sounded it again. ? 'Ha! that will do!' he said at length; 'good idea; Indian hates the sound of a horn, and I like it. Well, I may want it soon ;' and he stuck it in his belt. As he did so, the Huron runner stepped before him. ' L'Espion Hardi !' The scout sprang to his feet, grasping his rifle, ' Ah ! Huron !' he said, as his eye fell upon the dress and paint of the Indian; and he resumed his seat again. ' Hurofi ? yes ! No_Mobawk ! or' — and the Indian pointed significantly to his scalp. ' Right, Huron ! I was making a powderhorn, when I thought of the trumpets of Champlain, as he marched to battle. Ah ! did you ever fight under Champlain, Huron ?' ' No ! the chief and many of the braves were out!' Yes, I know it, Huron ! Well, it came into my head to try how a good blast would sound in this old forest. It was rash, I won't den}' it,' he con tinued, as the Houron shojk his head ; ' but a Frenchman loves the sound of the trumpet. Listen now,' he said, applying the trumpet to his lips once more j but the ludian placed his hand upon it 'and said ; ' Daring scout! Mohawk hunter may hear !' ' Yes, he was a warrior ! It does me good to hear his name shouted in a brisk charge ; it helps won derfully, although he is dead and gone now. Yes, he was a man,' continued Pierre, sorrowfully ; ' no such man in all the province now, or these rascally Mohajgks would be taught a lesson worth remem bering.' 'The daring scout is with the Huron braves?' asked the runner. ' Yes ! and I suppose you are the messenger that I am to look for?' The runner nodded his head, and the other continued : 'They are across the stream; let us go;' and, swinging his rifle over his shoulder, the scout de scended the hill with rapid strides. When they approached the stream, the runner glided to the side of. the hunter, and holding up the broken twig before him, said : ' Daring Scout casts a trail upon the water. Huron found this far down the stream.' The scout looked at it for a moment, while the runiier explained himself;' 'and then half angry at the implied reproach, answered : ' Well, and but for that twig you would not have found us ; you missed the trail !' ' I crossed it in the night,' said the Huron, 'but not far off. Up or down the stream, the Huron wou'ld'soon'have found it.' ' - ' Far enough, at any rate,' said the scout, ' or 'you would have been here at .bncc/without. striking on the stream below. ? See, here is one of Quick foot's marks upon this oak ; he followed ' directly upon the trail, and even made it pliur.er for you by these gashes !' ' Bad!' replied the runner, quickly, 'Mohawk keen'eye !' ' Night and day,' 'continued the scout, 'we kept watch, by turn's, upon that hill' which overlooked the path, waiting 'for the' messenger whom Quickfoot told'U3 Aliasistariwould send.' ' Huron !' said Pierre, after walking some time in' silence, ' have you 'seen the prisoners ?' '' Yes, from' the woods ; saw blackgown walking about.' 'Well,: perhaps they won't attempt to kill them yet, and we can get there in time.' The Indian shook his head and said : ' To- day council ; tomorrow torture; Daring Scout know3 how it is.' 'Then,' said the scout sternly, as he strode along' with swifter step, ' then, Huron, there will be at the dahce some guests not invited.' They hastened on in silence, until they reached the place of concealment. It was well chosen. In an extensive thicket a space had been cut away, and here the warriors were lying about in groups upon their blankets. Exclamations of delight wel comed the scout and the runner, and the whole body assembled in council, ' The runner explained the condition of things, and delivered the order of the chief; and in a few moments more the party, nine teen in number, took up their line of march, throw ing-out active scouts in advance, to' guard against any accidental meeting with the Mohawks. : {To le continued.) 