AN EXPLANATION. WE publish, in another column, a letter from the Acting-Chairman of theDnnolly Town Council, and one from our Dunolly reporter, defending himself against an accusation of inaccuracy in his report of the last Town Council proceedings. Of the former letter, it is not too much in say that it is a wonder in its way; such a mixture of impertinent insinuations, powerless sarcasms, and unmeaning platitudes has seldom emanated from a publie body, and deserves to be preserved as a curiosity. It purports to be an answer to an article which appeared in oui last issue; in which, alluding to a motion passed by the Dunolly Town Council, involving a monied guarantee of some amornt, we took occasion to show that the financial affairs of the Council were in a very unsatisfactory condition, and that, far from entering into fresh engagements, it should adopt, and act up to, the motto of retrenchment. The Council denies the truth of the Teport, that a motion was passed instructing the deputation in town to give a guarantee of five hundred copies to a printer who required the same before bringing out a second local newspaper. A reference to the letter from our reporter bears it out BO far that probably the resolution was not formally passed. The Town Clerk was away; the business was discussed in a most irregular manner, aud he considered a suggestion made by one of the councillors, and which was unanimously assented to by the others in the light of» resolution, distinctly affirmed. Whilst the Council takes advantage of this informality to excuse itself from having illegally outstepped its duty, it does not explain why the matter was brought before it in an official Bhape, i.e., by a letter from its own offi cer, the Town Clerk; and why it was dis cussed, as though it were business of a regular nature, instead of being at once vetoed, by the Chairman declaring it out of order. Looking at the course of the proceedings we are justified iu still believing that the Chairman (who was despatched to town a day or two afterwards) and Town Clerk (who was already in Melbourne) were authorised to enter into tho guarantee required, if they considered it Advisable, although no doubt the authorisation was as irregular as the guarantee itself was illegal, to the latter of which the Council may thank us for opening its eyes, " But supposing that we were altogether in error as to the guarantee, that was the least portion of the gravamen of the charge in the article which has so offended the Council. "We accused it of improvidence, and to this the letter in reply gives nothing that can be ibly construed Into an explanation, far ajusjiiitatioR- >" the portion of C j the article which calls for the greatest eon- : 1 sideration. A Council which starts with a t; * thousand li^naaiif) nnnn^a pounds to f-A its >N credit, obtained AhtAIIMtn fftl'H from j the public fund?, cannot be justified in being j several hundred pounds in debt before sis months have passed over it« head. We find that in our statements of it* affairs, we erred in its favour; the rates, instead of producing; a thousand, will not bring in seven hmidrw, pounds, and the assistance to be obtained from Government next year will be proportionately reduced. To s"p«ak in plain terms, the Council hss nearly all its revenue for the ensuing year bespoken, and we cannot agree with the writer in consid^iug that the ratepayers have much cause for congratulation. Oue statement in the letter completely surprised us, aud although we could not help exclaiming tt tu brute, we are fain to admtt the accusation is not altogether undeserved, although the reason is mis-slated. The writer «sys " to you we owe in a great measure the necessity for our deputations to town," and we must allow that from our culpable silence on a question of some importance, we have laid ourselves open to the accusation. To understand this a short explanation is necessary. For some time past a question has been agitated in this district as to which town was most suited for the site of the District Gaol and Circuit Court. We determined from tie first to keep silent on the matter; not that we had any doubt aa to which place was in every way entitled to the distinction, but that being a district paper, we might as well leave that right to assert itself, whilst a good effect would be produced by arousing the energies and stimulating the ambition of those who enjoyed the benefits of local government We admit the fallacy of our anticipations; the controversy has produced an endless chain of heartburninga and dissensions; whilst the money literally thrown away in a hopeless pursuit will in toe future be sadly missed by unfortunate ratepay era. It was natural enough for Dunolly to be anxious to obtain the Gaol and Circuit Court, and perhaps even in the first instance with the proverbial blindness of egotism to ignore the superior claims of its neighbour Maryborough, but we cannot so easily excuse the reckless perseverance which hopingagaiort hope has sent deputation after deputation to town without a prospect of success. We repeat again we ought to hare abandoned our policv of reticence, and have opened the eyes of tlie ratepayers to the infatuation of their course. These last are scarcely much to blame, they hare been misled by tlie wont form of error—self deceit; while they hare reckoned confidently on the mult, and cheerfully submitted to the expense, they in reality had not the remotest prospects of success. The deputations which have returned with flattering assurances of the prospects of their cause may also have been suffering from the same hallucination—indeed it is hard to believe they would wilfully deceive those who have placed trust in them—but it is certain what they hare considered encouragement has been nothing more than an endeavour to dismiss petitioners who would " not take no for their answer-" These deputations are the 1 standing nuisances of Government; and ^ when they are made of such stubbon stuff as to refuse" to be convinced, they must somehow or another be got rid of. Accordingly the first deputation was dismissed, and came up with the assurance that the matter would be referred to the Judges, litis was afterwards explained to be merely a piece of official routine, the Judges having really no voice in the matter. The next deputation sent down came back with a yet mere hopeful statement ; that the Government had promised to withhold the vote for a fortnight, during which time they were at liberty to compile any statistics they thought fit, and which would receive attention. Another costly whistle for the ratepayers, who were not aware that under any circumstances these was not a ghost of a chance of the vote being brought on for a month. However statistics were compiled, at heaven knows what expense, all of which the Government had the means of obtaining through their own salaried officers; and a map, whose topographical delineations, differing as they did from those of the chart prepared by the Government from careful and expensive surveys, were not likely to have much weight. Another deputation took these down, and returned with the assurance that the matter was referred to a Gaol Commission — about as true as the previous statement, in respect to the Judges. It, however, paved the way to a deputation to Avoca, followed by a straggling one, going down at intervals to Melbourne, and a third to Castlemaine. Now, we will ask tlie good people of Dunolly if in their teal to obtain tlie goal they ao ardently desire, they have not been led into expenses unpar> donable is a corporation with so little funds at its disposal. There is another competitor in the field—Carisbrook, whose inhabitants no less eagerly seek the same object, but they bare had the good sense to do it in a quiet unostentatious manner: they have gone to little expense, yet they have made the most of their ease, and left more favourable impressions at head quarters than their dashing co- comptitors. Maryborough has also been obliged to hare a deputation in town, an expense it could not avoid, seeing that it was subjected to a constant series of the most unfounded calumnies, its resources descried, and its capabilities libelled. As we have said, we have never had a doubt of the result. Maryborough, from its wealth, importance, and permanent character, out distances its competitors, and its claims could not be overlooked, ignorant as Melbourne folks generally are in relation to up-country districts. It will obtain the Gaol and Supreme Court. Dunolly will probably gain experience, and Carisbrook will hare the satisfaction of knowing that it has not wasted much funds in an tgnit fatuui pursuit 