HOLY WEEK.— THE CROSS OF CHRIST. Since that awful and memorable day on which 'the rocks were rent, the dead arose and appeared to many, and darkness covered the earth' ut the death of Christ until the present hour, the disci ples of a Crucified Saviour have observed the anni versary of his Fassion with especial devotion and sacred sorrow. From the very first ages of Chris tianity this week has been called tho ' Great Week,' ' Holy Week,' the ' Week of our Saviour,' all conveying to the Christian's mind the myste ries therein revealed to man, the unheard-of suffer ings of tho Man-God, and tho sacrifice of infinite value offered by the' divine Son to His eternal Father in expiation for the transgressions of the wholo human race — in a word, that holocaust of love onri mercy which the Lamb of God, our blcs sod Saviour, offered in His own blood to tako away tho sins of tho world. It is, then, both meet nnd reasonable that evory ono bearing tho venerable name of 'Christian should devoto some time each da}- in noly Week, to salu-. tary reflections on tho sacred Passion, and on the painful death endured by his divino Redeemer, in order to save him from sin and the eternal punish ment duo to sin. Wo have been much affected and' edified by tho perusal of a little work on the ' Passion of Christ,' written by one of thoso holy men who abounded in the middle ages— men now branded as 'igno- rant 'and lazy monks,' and ages designated as ' ages of darkness' by tho soi-disant philosophers of an unbelieving generation — wo nlludo to the 'Meditations of Thomas a Kompis on the Passion of Christ,' from whioh we solocttho following pas sages, which cannot fail to instruct and to animate all who read thorn with .pious sentiments at this holy season : — ? REMARKABLE POINTS .TO BE THOUGHT UPON IN CHRIST'S PASSION. ' Attend and soe if there/be any sorrow like unto my sorrow.' Amongst all the benefits of God bestowed upon mankind, the passion of Christ is the greatest, and begets most compunction in the heart, and therefore the mind of man ought to be prompt to keep in memory so great a benefit, and diligently think upon the passion of Christ; because this is pleasing to God, and salutary to him that thinks of it : for all his wounds are cures of our souls, and the cutting blows of the whip are signs of the divine love, and our soul's purgation. O what thanks are we bound to render to Christ for every stripe and cruel wound which he suffered in his blessed body for. us vile sinners. ? ? ? Consider therefore first who it is that suffers these thing?. Secondly, by whom he endures them. Thirdly, what great things he suffers. Fourthly, for whom he suffers them. Fifthly, for what space of time lie suffers. Sixthly, in what place he suffers. Seventhly, in what parts ofhis body he suflers. For if these seven notable things be considered in order, they contribute very much to 'inward compunction. Because when thou lookest upon the person suffer ing, none is more worthy, none greater, none more holy, none more excellent. Because it is the very Son of God that suflers, the only begotten of God the Father, the first and only born of the Virgin mother conceived by the Holy Ghost, full of grace and sanctity, famous for signs and wonders, convers ing in the world without-sin ;'ho is the true Lamb of God, without spot, prefigured in the law, foretold by the prophets, desired by ivany kings and just men, sent by his heavenly father into the world to suffer for the world's salvation, liumbled ofhis own accord to the cross and death itself, and offered up to God upon the altar of the cross for our offences. He then being so great, the high priest, and true Bishop of our souls, holy, innocent, immaculate, the King of kings, Lord of all things, the Creator of Angels, the Redeemer of mankind, refuses not to be despised, taken, bound, whipt,1 crucified, to die and be buried, as the sacred text ofhis passion declares. A lamentable spectacle to all that pass hy the way of this life, outwardly exposed to every one's view : and inwardly proposed to all the faithful as an example for them to imitate. I beseech thee dili gently, O my soul, to weigh every word and wound described in the passion, since all was done for thy salvation. Again, they put a high commendation upon Christ's charity j and teach us how to keep patience in all tribulations. For it is most erident, that,in comparison of Christ'ssorrowsandreproaches, the difficulties and afflictions which thou sufferest are nothii'g. It is therefore good for thee to turn thy eye often this way, and to seek for solace in the painful passion of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to live like a dove in the holes of the rock, and' to lament his sufferings. For Jesus will more comfort thee, by the meditation of his blessed passion, than all the world with all its honours and riches. In the passion of Jesus Christ thou wilt find matter of edification, and purification of conscience: but in the love of worldlings there is but a short pleasure, and tlie conscience remains defiled. For all that is not of- God is vanity, and ought to be esteemed as nothing. But the passion of Christ is a quickening word, and au effectual lesson for our instruction, as also to enflame and purify us. It is sharper than any sword, and smites the very bottom of the heart. For it reproaches our negligence, mollifies our hard ness, breaks down the heart into compassion, and frequently melts to tears. Because the devout soul is struck with compunction, and is, as it were, in teriorly wounded, as often as the passion of Christ is rend, or the cross is beheld, or Jesus Christ cruci fied is named. And this is the great solace of the soul, if, thinking of the passion of Christ, we feel that sorrow in our heart, which he suffered and keeirly felt in his body. Now, therefore, attend, and behold Christ as though he were present, while lie suffers so much. In the first place consider the dignity of the person, and conceive a vehement sorrow that God is treated so contumelionsly in His flesh. Behold how He that is the highest above all is depressed under all : He that is most noble, dishonored and abused. The most beautiful is foully spit upon — the most wise is derided — the most powerful is bound — the most in nocent is scourged — the most holy is crowned with thorns — the most mild, is huffeted — the most rich impoverished — the most bountiful is despoiled — the most chaste is stript naked — the most sacred is blasphemed — He that is the best is blamed — the most learned reputed a. fool — the most lovely is hated — the most true is denied — the most sweet is presented with gall to drink — the blessed is cursed — the peaceable is molested — the just is accused — the innocent is condemned — the phy sician is wounded — the Son of God is crucified — the Immortal is put to deatli — the Lord and Master is hung upon the cross to redeem the servant.; O unheard of crime ! O horrid and execrable malice of the Jews! which yet God turns to so great ad vantage, through his most pious mercy and suffer ance — namely to the salvation of all the faithful. For from thence the light of the world is extinguished for a space, from thence the eternal light shines in the hearts of the believers. And when life dies for a time, then eternal death as to the elect is slain. In a word, the devil is subdued and confounded by the parsion of Christ — hell is conquered— tlie thief is converted— the world is redeemed — the souls of the just are delivered out of limhus — Heaven's gales are opened — the ruin of the angels is repaired, and eter nal salvation wrought by Christ, is published to the world. Secondly, consider by whom Christ endured these pains. Verily by His own nation, by His people pe culiarly beloved, by His kindred according to the flesh ; by the Iraelites, Abraham's children, whom He formerly enriched with such great benefits, heightened with such rare privileges, and instructed with so many precepts, laws, and ceremonies above all other nations: by men to whom He had given the best part of the earth, for whom He came into tlie world, and whom He desired to save ; by these, then, whom He had so wonderfully obliged and enriched by His benefits, Christ is unjustly des pised, maliciously accused, causelessly afflicted, and in the end is condemned to a most infamous death. They were not mindful of' the multitudes of His mercies from the beginning of the world, nor of the wonderful works which He showed unto them, even after they had grievously offended in many things ; they reflected not how abjectly he had lived among them — how sovereignly he had taught them — how he loved poverty and condemned riches — fled honors — made choice of abject and simple per sons : of tlie many sick He cured — restored sight to the blind — cast out devils— healed the leprous — and, being famous for many other wonders, proved himself God by his works j and by suffering our necessities and wants, declared himself to be true man. He deserved not contumely, but glory at their hands, for these benedictions and wonderful works effected by his divine power; and was justly to have received from all men, not punishment but gratitude — not hatred but love — not derision but honor. But, alas ! the perverse and incredulous remain ungrateful for all his benefits, and for tnanj blessings they returned many injuries. Yea, to add to their malice, they incited many others to the same crime, and with threats and clamours they de manded the death of tlie innocent. Hence the people are stirred into a commotion by the per suasion of the princes, and the instigation of the priests; they are all against Christ; the old. and young make' loud and horrid outcries : 'Away with him, away with him, let him be crucified.' All their former 'praise 'and' honor is turned into execrations — the applause and songs' of the chil dren of the Jews into the bowlings of ravenous wolves. No age was absent — no sex was silent — no state or condition was wanting ; all the de praved hearts of the Jews' and Gentiles are unanimous, and conspire together to have Jesus delivered- up to death, and to hang his innocent body upon the cross. And thence on all of them contracted the guilt of eternal damnation in die death of Christ; being, in very deed, bloody parricides, and cruel and merciless murderers of a God, sparing the Son of God in nothing, but com mitting all the mischief they could devise against Him ; feigning false accusations, and perverting all His famous actions. O admirable clemency of'God ! O the inestimable patience of Christ! which could not be moved with such multitudes of injuries, nor yet be oveicome by pains ; affording in this an. ad- mirable example, and a most sovereign consolation to all that suffer injuries, that they might at least endure flying words who are not yet in a capacity to sustain sharp blows. Thirdly, thou art to consider what great things Christ suffers, and what 'multitudes of wrongs are cast upon Him. For first it is evident, by the testi mony of the gospel that He was sold by His own dis ciple for a small sum of money ; after that He was delivered to His enemies with a kiss of feigned peace. The priests Jiarply rebuke Him ; the high priest terms Him a blasphemer ; the Scribes and Pharisees defame Him : the ancients of the city accuse Him ; the ministers present Him to the judge; Herod con temns and scoffs Him ; Pilate judges Him to die ; the officers apprehend and bind Him-; the soldiers whip and crown Him with thorns : the servants upbraid, spit in His face, and buffet Him ; the maid servants have Him in abomination ; so that they said to Peter, ' Thou art indeed one of his company, and thou wert with Jesus of Galilee.' Hardly is there any found so vile and miserable who rejoiceth not at the punishments inflicted upon Jesus. O sorrow beyond all sorrows ! Ah, poor and humble Jesus, who amongst the sons of men hatt no comforter, no helper ; His acquaintances forsake him ; his friends stand afar off; weep they could, but assi-t him they could not ; Jesus is left alone amidst his most cruel enemies ! little and great sue for his death. With clamour and confusion He is led without the city, laden with His cross, stript of His garments, bun' up naked between two thieves, pierced with nails', presented with vinegar and gall to drink. Grievous are the impious words, more grievous the cruel blows, but most grievous of all the horrid torments of the cross. They exercised those so ignominious tortures upon His most delicate, holy, pure, and virginal body, so that from the soles of his feet to the top of His head there was nothing left entire, but He_ appeared as a leprous person to all that be held Him. See therefore now, and consider if there he any sorrow like to the sorrow which thy God suffers for thee. Count, if thou canSt.'-all the blows, all the wounds, all the stripes, all 'the reproaches, all the ignominies, 'which are heaped upon him. Bear a part with him by a compassionate heart; with him, who with an equal patience suflers all in dignities. Write them down in the table of thy heart for an eternal memorial : and in all thy tribulations address the eyes of thy soul to- Jesus hanging upon tlie cross. For this crucifying was the most igno minions, bitter, and grievous to Christ of all the pains which were inflicted upon him. It was also most sensible to him in respect of his friends who stood afar off, and bitterly lamented ; because he reputed their grief and sorrow his #own. It was yet most cruel in respect of His enemies who derided and upbraided Him, rejoicing in His destruction, nor were they touched with any pity at his so griev ous pains and torments. Behold now thou hast heard what great punishments, and that by what great multitudes of people, He suffered, with whom all Christians ought most justly take part and com passion. If any should see his father, or any dear friend of his, tormented with such pains in his pre sence, and to be hung upon a public gibbet before his door, would he not straight faint and fall down with grief, as a person quite overcome with afflic tions ? Miich more then ought tlie passion of Christ to pierce thy very bowels, and excite thee to a wholesome sorrow. Endeavour therefore carefully to banish all carnal love from thy heart and to shut out all mirth, and thou mayest deserve to be num bered amongst the devout lovers of Christ, who daily exercise themselves upon our Saviour's passion ! and do so draw all His sufferings into their hearts, that they little esteem their own injuries or wrongs. Of whom the blessed apostle St. Paul, a lover of our Sa viour's passion, saith, ' think thisin yourselves, which also is in Christ Jesus, who humbled himself, taking the form of a servant upon him, and was made obe dient unto death, even the death of the cross.' New Post Offices have been established at Rockhampton, near Ashfield, and at Major's Creek, near Braidwood. 