MEXICO. I , « DICTATORSHIP OF OOMONFORT. , j ' (FROM THE WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT OF ? < ' TUS NEW YORK HERALD.) ' .. J > . Washington. 25th Jan!. 1858. The Mexican question excites a good deal of interest here among the diplomatists, and all are curious, not to say anxious, for the result The article in the Herald the day before yesterday touches the whole thing on the law, and the Spanish legation Is exceeding wroth at its Senor Arrloja, the Mexican Minister to Berlin, has come on here from, New York to confer with General Robles Letters have been received here from the highest sources in Mexico, placing a new light upon President Comonfoit's recent move dents They state that as early as the be I ginning of November last, seeing the impossibility of carrying on the Government under the new Constitution, he had determined to resign Many persons who became aware of this intention endeavored to dissuade him from it, setting forth the confusion that would inevitably result in the Republic At this time Payne and Zuleaga initiated a movement to set aside the constitution, and confer upon the President extraordinary powers, and they wrote to several generals in different parts of the republic to become such a movement, which they proposed to make on the 30th of November It is said this was done without the knowledge of President Cr nonsuit, who persisted in his intention to resign if Congress should not adopt certain measures' which he intended to propose an amendments to the constitution After his installation as President, on the 1st December, Oomonfort became aware of the letters sent to various places by Payne and Zuleaga, but as the necessity for the movement had disappeared, the supposed the matter would be dropped One of these letters, however, was returned to d member of Congress from, Michoacan, who at once brought forward in that body an accusation against the writers This produced a profound sensation and seriously compromised Zuleaga, who commanded one of the best divisions of the' army It was impossible to remove him from his command forth (agents of Santa Anna were constantly endeavoring to induce them to pronounce for him, and a change of commander at that time might have produced the result so much to be feared , his only resource, therefore, was to pronounce against the Congress that was endeavoring to remove him This he determined to do, and the President was not advised of his movement till a few hours before it took place, and When it was too late to prevent it In view of the possible course that might be forced upon the army if Zuleaga were not sustained, the great danger of a civil war which would result in turning the Republic over to Santa Anna and the reactionary party, Comonfoit determined to accept the movement, and make it the means of saving to the Republic the liberal reforms that had already been achieved An effort is now being made, through a frank and clear explanation of these things, to prevent a conflict between the leaders of the Tacubaya movement and those of the opposition, with good hopes of success, yet as the situation of affairs is exceedingly complicated, it is impossible to foresee the result i Santa Anna and the reactionaries conspire incessantly to triumph over the now divided liberals, and the Paro section of these is labor- ing to reinstate the constitution These are the political difficulties that now surround Pre sident Oomonfort, in addition to which he has an exhausted treasury and an unreliable army You may depend upon the accuracy of these facts, which I have from the best sources WAR BETWEEN SPAIN AND MEXICO (ritOJt THE NEW YORK HERALD, JANUARY. 20 the state of the pending questions be tween Mexico and Spain begins to look as though a war would grow out of them, and our Washington correspondent informs us that such a result is confidently anticipated there At the present moment a war with Spain would be one of the best things that could happen to Mexico, if it is not in fact the only event that can save the Republic from universal anarchy. No small share of her present internal dissension, is owing to the direct and indirect machinations of the Spanish Government, which steadily contemplates the putting of a Spanish prince on the throne of Mexico Even President Oomonfort has been approached by European agents on the subject, and at the presentiment it is stated, in well informed quarters, that the scheme now being, arranged between Santa Anna and the Spanish Government if that the ex- President shall be made Emperor of Mexico by direct assistance of the Spanish army, and having only an. idiot BOU, who could not succeed to the crown, shall adopt as his heir one of the Spanish Bourbon princes To this scheme the Mexican Church lends its assistance, and one of its principal organs in Mexico proposes already an immediate return to Spanish colonial rule. , In view of the present state of parties in Mexico, the resort to a foreign war seems to be the only resource of the Government Suohaa event would unite all parties there in support of the Administration Lot President Come in fort come out with a bold and honest statement of grievances, let him call things by their right names, and, having the charge of treason against the liberties of the nation at the door of the Church, Where it belongs, let him produce the abundant evidences of Spanish complicity that are in his possession, and if make a clean breast of the infamous pro perils made to him to sell the freedom of his country to a European monarch If we will do this, not only will every patriotic Mpxlcatf hasten to his support against the common enemy, but he will have the moral approbation of the world for his course, and material aid to the extent of SO 000 men and millions of money from this country to preserve a re- publican form of government in Mexico j Should he still continue to oscillate and temporise with the duty that is before him, his fall, and perhaps the fall of his country, is inevitable Spanish intrigues will con tribute to foster internal dissension, and sup; port the brigands now in the field in the name of the Church, until a Spanish prince 13 brought in with the consent of a strong Mexican party, or at best, Santa Anna returns to pave the way for one We do not hold this to be a very distant event Unless war is declared with Spain, we expect to see frontil Anna back in Mexico within the present year, and then there will probably arias a leader in Northern Mexico, who, seizing the elements that Comonfort hOB abandoned or feared to use, will become the cynosure of his country and the depositary of her hopes. The Sierra Madre may yet be the rampart of Mexican liberty. SPANISH NAVAL OPERATIONS IN THE GULF OF MEXICO (moil EL DIARIO DE LA MARINA (HAVANA), JAN 18) A part of the naval forces which were stationed here, composed of the ship of the line "etna, the frigate Cortes, the steam frigate Isabel Island the brig Habanero, parted from our port to day These four ships form the first division of a squadron of exercise which is to cruise in, the waters of Cuba, in order to complete and to show the present brilliant state of discipline of the Spanish navy. If we are well informed, this division will be very soon followed by another not less respectable, composed of several of the ship still remaining here. Finally, we do not believe it improbable that a little later the Commander in-Chief of the station will be on board the screw steam frigate JBerengueh to the end of being present at and direct ,"" the evolutions of the combined, naval', force FROM y_RA OSUZ (FRONT THE coÇ^vC3PONDEIJf OF THE NEW YORK! HERALD) Vera Cruz, Jan 7th, 1868. since, my hasty lines of the 3rd inst an matters have not improved Indeed, nothing could be! more impro^t?than the press Santa Affaire OomohfoYr. still holds Lu wells 01 vernment, Nut It is said he does s perforce, not being able to effect his escape nor to induce any responsible person I relieve him of the cares of State. He or pWd to abdicate in favor of Mr. Juarez in this latter declined to accept. How has relieve himself of his present embarrassed and dangerous condition I have no Ideas unless, indeed, he pronounce againathfalai pronunciamento, and comes out strong in the constitution and Congress. It is no improbable Stranger things have happened are happening every day in, flames 1 extraordinary country. 708 Meanwhile "thèTconservadores are making hay while the Ban shines-the cry of "Vive Santa Anna " having been raised by Osollos and Miramon at Tulanolngo, which is at no great distance from the capital. It is said that Mejia is in possession of Queretaro, and Cobesof Oaxaca. All four of these generals are Santanistas, and of the rank known in this country as generals of brigands. To turn from this unhappy theme to a more pleasant subject are congratulating our Selves just now upon the arrival of a formidable corps of engineers, &c;, for the preliminary survey of the route for a railroad to the capital -a consummation devoutly to be wished. Such a road would contribute more to put an end to strife than the presence of 60,000 foreign mercenary troops. May was ' soon see it under construction I You have probably received from other sources the news with regard to the pronun- elements of the State of Vera Cruz against the present Oomonforfc Government, which took place on the 29th ult. At the present date matters are still in statu QUO here. The State of Vera Cruz does not acknowledge allegiance to the general Government, and still remains an independent State. This is a very severe blow to the Gomonfort power, destroying, as it does at once, his financial resources, and injuring irretrievably Ms prestige; for the Custom House at this port has always been his most important source of revenue, and the opinions and decisions of this State carry great weight throughout the Republic. In addition to the difficulties in this quarter, information reaches IIB daily of the existence of a similar state, of affairs in other parts of the country; and>if half the reports we hear are true, the Oomon j fort dynasty will soon come to an end. *" I have just heard, from a very reliable source, that General Parrodi is at present in Guadalajara with a force of 10,000 men subject to disorders, and was expected to march against Mexico shortly. Such a force, with, the present disaffected state of the army, would find no difficulty whatever in over- throwing the present Government, and setting up in Comonfort'a place any one they might select. Comonfort is almost powerless to sub- due revolution or to repel an, attack. He has already sent military forces to points not far distant from the capital to questions turban cap, and in every case the Soldiers have gone over to the revolutionists en masse, leaving their officers to make the best of their way back to Mexico alone. , % It is reported that Comonfort has expressed his wishes to resign in favor of Juarea.'tha Chief Justice,! who is now in prison, but he has refrained from doing so by the earnest Bolicitiltlon'ofhis best friends, and by the refusal of Juarez to accept the position unless Comonfort would deliver himself up as a prisoner, and submit to a trial for the dictatorial coup d'etat. The general opinion 1s that Co- Montfort is finished-in fact, that he has hardly the ghost of a chance of maintaining i his position as Dictator. 'I hardly think, however, that he is so badly off. Should he pursue a vacillating or intermediate course between the two policies, I fear that it would so i encourage his enemies that his downfall would be certain; but on the other hand, a bold and fearless policy, carried out with determination and vigor, may carry him through all his difficulties. If he does succeed in maintaining his position, he will deserve more credit than has been given him heretofore. I Robberies, of course, are rife during this State of affairs, and the "gentlemen of the road do not confine themselves strictly to the road, but are committing depredations in the cities and suburbs. Mr. Lettsom, the British Charge de Affairs in Mexico, who was fired upon lately by robbers, and severely hurt! is fast recovering. Senor Bscandon, a wealthy citizen of Mexico, has offered a large reward for the recovery of the last American mail (per steamer Tennessee) which was taken by robbers between here and Mexico, and it is said that it has been obtained, although the report is rather doubtful. This is the first occasion for some time that the mail has been robbed, but now that they have got into the way of it we may reasonably expect that the operation will be repeated, particulars as such a good ransom is offered at once for its recovery. t . Mr Hamokin's railroad to Tacubaya is now in operation, and promises to do a very good business. The Guadeloupe railroad is also doing a good business. These little roads, though ways short and comparatively insignificant, are giving a great impetus, to railroad enterprise throughout the country. 1 A large party of engineers arrived here by the Tennessee on her last trip. They are under the command of Captain Talcott, and number about 50 men altogether. less , They have encamped at a short distance from the city, and proceed at once to make the necessary surveys for the location of the railroad hence to Mexico, under the Egcandon giant. The party appears to be a very dull cient one, and is ably commanded, so that, we expect something positive will' Boon He done towards the building of this long contemplated road. , , (FROM THE MONTEREY CORRESPONDENCE OF THE NEW YORK HERALD) j , Monterey, Mexico, Dec. 21 1857. Hoping that this may reach you in time to be of service, I will send a synopsis of the doings and sayings in this section of the " God and Liberty Republic. ' By way of Vera Cruz you are aware of what is taking place in the interior of Mexico, as also of the absolute power with which Congress has constitutionally invested the President, Such policy must seem strange to men who 1 can always find power enough in the law to rule and govern; but in Mexico our rulers form on exception, and' become bewildered if they have to rule under the provisions of constitutional law. The history of this unhappy country proves that even, those who have been raised to power as the champion of public freedom, as soon as they took the oath of office, commenced a series of turns worthy Intrigues for the purpose of being in vested with what we here call extraordinary powers that Is, with the authority of doing whatever they pleased for the purpose, of course, of saving the country. However, in the present case, Oomonfort may not venture I to abuse it, as he is well aware that a majority of the governors of the States are ready to bring him to rights, in case he makes the least attempt against the liberties of the country. It now remains to be seen if, the reactionary movements on foot will effectually succumb under the unlimited power now in the hands of the Executive, The majority of the present Cabinet are men of the proper ' staff, and the Minister of Government, Juarez, >, may succeed in inducing Oomonfort to aban , don his i miserable half-way measures, which are, and have been the real cause of the numerous assassinations and robberies coral mitted by the numerous banditti who style themselves the protectors of religion, and who are protected in their atrocious crimes by some of theology and many of the subjects of the Queen of Spain residing in the interior of Mexico. " " 1 The Indians continue their numerous depredations in this section of the country, and the absolute want of funds prevents the Government organising a force sufficient to keep them at bay. Governor "Vidaurri has by making incredible sacrifices, succeeded in do attaching a considerable force against them, and they will for the present succeed in driving these American Arabs to their mountain homes. Nothing effective however, will be It done until a regularly organised force is kept in the field at all times for the purpose of continually carrying on hostilities against these children of the desert. The mining fever is now the rage in this section of the country, and the proprietor of the lands within which the mines in this State have been discovered will as I under stand, shortly visit the United States for the purpose of raising the necessary capital with which to commence operations. experienced miners have examined the fire, and they are all of opinion that princely fortunes will b 11 realised if they are properly worked. Within a Abo_inIngdiBf,ï"ti8anabundanceofwoodan< watts; for carrying on operations, and man; already anticipate wealth to themselves am 1 prosperity to the State from the discoveries already made.' 'The' proximity of the mine 'to the line of the Rio Grande will very much 'favor the operation of the company in cam Ington their work. "An opportunity will! shortly present itself for the safe and profit able investment of capital to those who have the funds to spare, and are willing to become interested in an undertaking that votes Vie! the richest returns. As I have said HUON the matter will be taken inland personal by the gentleman who is The solo owner of the lands within which the rjiinSs have been discovered in this matter he is sustained I iJio Government and some of the most influential men in the State. 1 , - '-Uiw ..-.--»,» commotion in this State I,' been a failure, and the patriot Vidaurri be completely succeeded in establishing the supremacy of the civil authorities. The band! ment of the Bishop, the arrest of all £,' members composing the Chapter, and the pecuniary fines lately imposed on some of the members of the Ecclesiastical Court in the city, are measures that have proved highly beneficial, and which have, drawn on Gover nor Vidaurri the deep curses of the rascals i Mexico who yet nigh for the supremacy of the robber-tyrant,-Santa Anna. They may talk, . intrigue, and commit treason in order to restore their-infamous idol to power, but you, may rest assured of the fact that, whatever ? may happen to the interior, we will never, in this section of the country, allow the sword and drum to interfere in the management of our domestic affairs. After the termination of the armed fracas at Tampico, on the 15th ultimo, General Moreno, as we are now informed, hoB formally accused Gazza, the Governor of Tamaulipas, of being the instigator of the commotion, and he charges him with having done it for the purpose of getting the Tampico OuBtom Homa into his hands after Moreno's murder. By, every mail from the interior we are informed of the defeat of the reactionaries, and public opinion is again on the qui vive about Santa Anna's return, backed by her Catholic; Majesty. The invasion of this country by Spanish forces would be a godsend to Mexico, and we are only afraid that Spanish blustering will end in smoke. We hope the Dons may lose their head just enough to try us. 