MISCELLANY. The barque Flora Mills, with 160 emigrants for Quebec, has obtained her final clearance from the government officers at the port of Belfast. This spring, the emigration tide seems to be chiefly from the northern counties. On the 8th instant, at St. Pancras' Church Cheltenham, an old gentleman, 87 years of age was married to a young plump girl, just out of their teens. They went to the church in a cab ; bat a splendid carriage awaited them at the railway-station The Cheltenham Chronicle says : " The word was given to drive ' home,' and within half, an-hour the carnage had deposited its burden at Norton-court, tho residence of the Right Hon. Stephen Rumbold Lushington, formerly Governor of Bombay one of her Majesty's Privy Councillor for twenty years Chairman of committees in the House of Commons son-in-law of the late General Lord Harris, the hero of Seringapatam and uncle to the present lord The lady upon whom he has conferred the honors of mistress of Norton-court formerly held the office of a domestic in the household, and the gentleman who gave her away, was the landlord of the Portland Hotel, at which the bridal party adjourned.". English paper. THE COAST DEFENCES OF R.OWED. On the 5th May a lecture was delivered at the United Service Institution by Colonel Wilford, of the Royal Artillery, on the coast defences of England j Lord Panmure in the chair. Having enforced, generally, the importance of increasing the defences of the English coast, Colonel Wilford proceeded to consider the plans that should be adopted for fortifying a few of the points most liable to be attacked. , In the first instance, the means of protecting London from an attack by a fleet of steamships was pointed out. He supposed the enemy to have passed all obstacles near the month of the Thames, and to have approached Long Beach. He proposed to place a battery of 15 or 20 heavy guns on the south shore, which should be able to fire at the enemy when they approached within two miles. On the north shore a similar battery should be placed, hill nearly as extensive a range down and a longer range up the river, supposing the enemy's ships to be able to pass the cross fire of those batteries, and in addition to the solid shorted guns he proposed to have 16-inch howitzers that would fire large shells at the ships as they passed up the river. Higher up he would place floating batteries, and with these means of defence he thought there would be little danger of the enemy reaching London. Colonel Wilford next alluded to our great naval arsenals as points that should be carefully defended by land as well as by sea, and he pointed out the means by which the harbour of Portsmouth might he protected from bombard- ment by distant gunboats. He said that great improvements had been made, and are still making, in the construction of ordnance, and the results of some recent experiments showed that so great a velocity may be given to the shot that at an elevation of three degrees a 12-pounder gun will range 2500 yards, and that a 12-pounder will range 3000 yards with an elevation of five degrees. The less the elevation of the gun the greater is, the accuracy of fire and Colonel Wilford considers that with such guns mounted on the, batteries of Portsmouth, the mortar boats of our enemy could be kept at so great a distance as not to do much damage. He further proposed, as an additional security, that a floating battery should be moored 1000 yards from the mouth of the harbour. With respect to the plan recently proposed of sheathing ships with iron, he thought it would be vain by any such means to attempt to protect ships from the fire of a hand battery, for the improvements now making in ordnance" would render such protection as iron sheathing almost useless. In reference to what are called " monster guns," he said that experience had hitherto been unfavorable to their adoption, for the amount of charge and the effect were not nearly common surate with the weight of the gun. Colonel Wilford concluded by making some observations on the comparatively destructive effects of land batteries and of ships to the effect that when ships could be brought near, as at Algiers their fire is overpowering, but that at a distance they fight at a great disadvantage Lord Panmure in proposing the thanks of the meeting to Colonel Wilford, said the subject of our coast defences was one of the greatest importance, and he fully concurred in the opinion that there ought to be kept on foot a sufficient force of trained men to be able to man the batteries which it is now proposed to erect. He was happy to say that Portsmouth is now being strongly fortified by land and by sea, under the direction of Sir John Burgoyne, and that in a few years it will be rendered perfectly impregnable. He hoped that Plymouth Would next he placed in a similar state of defence, and that it would not be long before Dover, which is the key to this country in any attack from our powerful neighbour, would be she effectively fortified. His lordship said it had been the fault of the people of this country to undervalue their enemies, but he trusted that that delusion was puBHBg away, and that there would be no grudging of the means that were necessary for the coast defences of England, A DREAM or DRAIn FULFILLED BY FIRE-A farmers wife has been relating to me the circumstances attendant upon the death of her father S and, as they bear a certain degree of similarity to the later incidents of A. A.'s narrative of "Lord Lyttleton and the Ghost," they are, perhaps, worthy of a note, more especially as they would seem to bear out your correspondent's remark, "that the sudden revulsion of feeling, from a state of fancied security to the finding himself at he moment iii the very instant of the dreaded danger, had caused such a reaction, as to one on the fits which had carried him oil'." My informant told me that her father was (taken if about Christmas time. the night he dreamed, or, as he said, " he awoke and saw" two men fighting together at the foot of his hand, one of whom told him that he would die on the ensuing 13th of March. In the morning he related and to his family and both he and they made light of it. He, shortly after this, recovered, and, when the 13th March came, he was apparently in very good health. On the evening of that day he referred to his dream, and observed, "I have done the ghost !" " Don't be too sure of that, Biua a foolish old woman who was present; "insane Now Still now, and ghosts don't know any ing about it. They always go by the Old Style, and this village oracle told him that it would so really be the 13th of March, (by the ghost a calendar,) for if I remember rightly, twelve days to come. The farmer laid this to heart, took w bed, and died on the very day predicted by t" old woman, who, notwithstanding that ho«6,01;1"" the calamity to the ghostly warning, would M" met her deserts by a summary conviction to «mansliwißhter."-Not»(m4 (fitting 