THE: EOTG IN OLD ENGLAND. tiAff/EiAWJF Fawait1 .iibtivkiew vma. ..lAYEUM AMW 'f« « IMI»l«;;f({, JMHaw ? 'jcuw uiiLAarii'Hitx'ti nciv am a» V-;tuo. (From Jkll't Lire in £imi/iiii.1 ' No-pugiliatiii.match in moilern times hni caused more oxcilement or called forth livuller auticipaiinmt of great 'things, than the encounter, which wo are about lo de scribe , and wo may add wilh truth, that on no occasion within ourrecollcclion Iihb a/light for tho championship so completely fulfilled thq expectations of thn lovurn of manly courage and -endurance, combined .with scientific acquirements of n high order. 'Our 'renders j doubtless roineniher Hint tho match' was liia'do for £130 ii side, instead oftho usunl sum of £200, .to. moot tho wl«hcs .'ol'Toin I'addock, who, having only just recovered from nsovcru illness, found It (lead low miii-i nutm uicuvuua |i-' i\ui., aim wilu lliumuro COIUpollCd to. stippl lento fur a reduction in his I emu from tho gallant champion, who, na is well known, Is not compelled to uicut u'uy customer for Icks than £200.. Paddock, who hull been, on nioro than ono ocniHion, ou'l ho very vei-L'C ,bf t|io championship; dnublleas, felt sorely that'tho lioniiiir' should havo been reaped by ouo so much mnnllcr than himself, and one moreover on whose powers, lioth phyni call v arid scientifically, liu had been accustomed to look with something near akin to contempt ; 'and knowing that the laurols had been Hiintchcd by .Savers nt a tlmo when ho wan not in a position tocli.ipulo them, he was doubly ' riled.'.' and determined at all hazards. to obtain, if poiwiblb, tho high position to which ho had so long aspired;' Tho only f'rio|id In' whom ho was nt thin tlmo nhlo to look fur asslstauco in his undertaking was the renowned Alec Kcenoy who through weal nnd through wop had stood his stanch friend, mid,, wan moreover almost tho only ono of his brother pugs who camo for ward tit the time of bin illness lo lend a helping hand to support his wife, and to provldo Toiiiwltli thoso- creature c.dinforts' otherwisa beyond his reach. Alec, nfter somo littlo coiiHlilemtions, ngrccil: to seo bin protogo through' with tho mnlch, providing It. was made rpr £lfio n side, fooling hi,, ho did I lint n larger amouiit would, under the circumstmicc.i, bo almost impossible to raise. Alco ut .onco' sent 1'iddock into training, and for some timo ho did oxcpllont work at 1-calhorhenil, under tho watchful nyo of,.his.triilnor Dar.dp. A.cloud, however, was cro Jong. to. arise to' disturb tho hiirmony Hint had hitherto prevailed. Pnddpck camo to London about two months back'tft'cairiipon'.AIec.S Somo misunderstanding nrosa !on. tho.subjcct ortln)'!Jroot of nil evils' a few hasty wpr.ds7roiii,Alec, hnjniigry reply from Paddock, anil tho long ?pteyiiilliig haruiony betweou tho men was broken up. Kccnc hastily 'declared lio would have nothing moro tp do witlftha match) a-- d for aught ho cared l'udtlock , might forfeit. 'J'lle'rccriininiitlon grew strbngor, and at last. ll)'ey. separateil.' Kccno folt that I'addock had not -/----i*i vii nun tu iiiiiif vuiif-iitut *'n *-'t}J ''ttiiUllUll!! IlIKIOr which ho laboured, whilo Paildock, whono temper l.i naturally hasty, declined to mako oxcuses for what ho considered nn insult, and no tho breach grow wldor. Paddock, now fearing ho should forfeit all chance, betook himself to nuuthcr of his former backers, who delights in tho mystorlnim title of ' The Mail nt I he Post.' Tliero was at, this tlmo £90 a nlilo down, arid Iho 'post gent' nt onco acceded to Paddock's proposition to go ou with the, match, provided all control was entrusted to him, and this being agreed to Puddock onco more re turned to his galloping ground, but this tlmo unattended by Damlo, who Is a ntam.'h admirer of Alee Kuciie. Tho day for another doposit now approached, aiid on this day both Alee, and 'the not mini' attended nt Nat Lang ham's, Keenb having changed his mind, and determined to go ou. He was surprlwid, however, to find tho other representative of Paddock, who declared that ho alono had now tho management, and Hint Alco had no further voice in Iho matter. Another angry discussion took place, but tho match still proceeded. lCcono alter tblo favoured. us with a visit, and tho discussion In our columns ai to who had the right of arranging I ho where abouts and other preliminaries, must ho freah in Iho minds of our roader.H Alec laid claim to sbmo shnro In the matter on tlio ground that he stood £!)0 of the battle money, while 'Tlio Mini at the Post' coalondcd that as Alco had voluntarily thrown up his ohaucu by declaring ho. would forfeit, nud ns ho had slaked the remainder of tho money, besides paying for colours, and had been, moreover, appointed by Paddock himself to act, ho alons was responsible. At that time we explained to Kccno a way in which, ho might, act which would cnablo us to intorfore In'lits favour,, for' wo felt then, and still- feol, that after his cxtromo kindncas to I'addock, ho was very hardly used. ; Our BUggcstlon, however, ho -neglected, and wo were therefore rendered powerless. As tho day nf battle approached numerous rumours were afloat that thcro would ibe no light, thnt Kceno had mado up his mind to slop it, and much moro to tho samo purposo. To all this wo turned a deaf ear until Friday last, when Kceno called on us personally, and begged us to stale in our columns that tliero would he no. fight, as ho had resolved to put u stop to it. The result of that interview appeared in our last, when we dinted our belief that however hard a case upon Alec we would never bo per suaded even by himself that such a stanch sportsman would allow himself to bo so far led away, and in this belief wo have been amply confirmed by tho rconlt. Monday found all tho sporting hoatclries nt the Went End completely besieged by anxious, speculators ns to tho probable iasuo of the dlnputc, nnd ut Owen Swift's ani Jemmy MosMy's it was almost impossiblo to gel either in or out. In tho evening a meeting took place at Owen Swift's, at which Alec Kee'.in was present, when he mado a proposal to, Iho '? postman' io come to somo ainicablo arrangement. ' To this the latter turned a deaf ear, declaring, he wns acting entirely under Paddock's instructions, and that he could do nothing without con-, suiting him. It was stated also that, to avoid hostile proceedings, Pnddoek had been sent on by road somo distance towards the scene of action, and that all com munication with him trail impossible. Alco end a friend on - his behalf made several attempts to obtain justice, but in vain, and finally Alec- retired, vowing that he would prove a xpoll sport, ami this declaration he subso nuently repeated nt Nat Lungham'g und his own house. At the latter place ho was visited by several Corin thians, among whom wero sqmo of lilit former backers, who tried all sorts of ; pcrnumilve eloquence to turn bin heart, but all seemed vain, and all finally retired with gloomy forebodings as to the mom These forebodings, conple'd with the early hour named for n start, doubtless conspired to keep the assemblage more select than it otherwise would have been, although, considering the Intense heat of the weather, the number that did put In an appearance was quite as large as was 'convanlent.' .. As early as a quarter past six the appointed station at London Bri'lgo.prcsunted tho usual lively appearance familiar to the oldest ring-goer. There was a great nnh of. cabs, while the groups of pedestrians, among whom wore many of the Clicapaldo division, proved tlio interest of the occasion. Among the latter class were very many with whom the powtmlon of the requisilo sum for pro curing a pass|iort was evidently a contingency that hod never happened sinco they were born, aud there was a determined expression among them, which proved they meant lo go at all hazards. Thanks to tho railway officiils, however, such arrangements were made an almost entirely debarred their ingress, and wo doubt whether moro than twenty or thirty of them obtained a passage, and even of tli'jo we are inclined to bclieve,' from 'what has sinco come to our knowledge, not a few obtained their wish hy nelzing tho upraised ticket of some incautious wights who held them above their heads while working through the email to the platform entrance, where they had lo bo ahnwn, and who, just as, thoy had attained the goal, were thus obliged again to i;-j ihriiugh the- fatigue and lm-tle of the crowd, to get to tfie tickot office to procure fresh vouchers, a tank any thing but pleasant to conto.nphte at the commencement of what would evidently be a terrific day's work. Among the crowd also were many unlucky and incautfoiirf provincials, who, notwithstanding the continual warn ings they have reccived.'yct came amply provided with valuable watches and olher jewellery, for the purpose of supplying that clae* of gentry who always visit the stations on thess and .any other crowded occasions for the purpose of relining their pockets, and from what we have aince heard we believe they were amply rewarded for- their trouble. Ono gentleman lo.it a small gold watch, with dark bluo enamel back and diamond stars, made by Lacrols aud Falconet of Geneva, for which a reward of £6 has been offered if left with Mr. Jarman, at]17 Hanover square ; but whether It wai lost in the crowd, or dropped en route, he knows not. After about three quarters of an hour's liard struggle all were at length provided with tickets, and by seven o'clock the train was cnr.nmed. Neither of the men was present, both bovine, from prudential motivca, been sent -on before. - Alec Kecne wan at the station, but he did not proceed by the train, and in answer to leading questions M to bis intentiont, gave several knotting .wink* and shake*, as if he still meant mischief; but thl» was doubtless for the purpose of creating alarm In the |)rea»t of Paddock's barker. Shortly after seven the whistle Bounded, anil the moiuter train Maitfid -or iti destination ; here a splendjd vercel was in atteudauce to convey the company to the rendezvous, and the em barkation forthwith commenced. Paddock, it became known, was already on board, and the curiosity of the company to nt him prevented their wasting any valuable time in the vari/ioa boalelrica on the road. Shortly after eight the whole of ths company, Including Tom Sayers, had embarked, and at thU unusually early hour the start took place. It was at first proposed by the managers of the affair to have a sea trip, and try entirely new quarters; but u Uttra WMaetimhlirctze which would Inevitably causo aomo sen oute'do the Nore, It trail deemed prudent for tho snko ol Iho man lo try nearer huino in tho first iilnvp Thu outer \yae tlfcrofiife Kivcir'tb 'oh 'dccompllshed'pllot. on bn»ul, for- '''' ,inorly(WelI known whon lh» olriVNvnijili wai lh.i'pu. gtilintlc llncor-hnltlo slilp,' todrlip.'tho.cumpiii} wher* iho. thought they would bo safest,- and. long bi I » o iln en o'clock; the landing. was ett'cctedvnud tho rliu |-IUhliti, 1 ho.-ineni .who bad, i.rocolyod..lho 'olllci',' had i u pared thoir toilettes ojr hoard the veiisol. no tlmf, ti lu u thu A lauded, their preparations, -occupied but n Mi brkl '- momonts.' , . Durliiz the, rii\g-pitihln)i tlm «nlo or Inner ? ring tickets took place, but iho xiim realised fell fiiridiort * nf that received when Snycis met Iho Slnnlur h?l tear. On that occasion il will be recollected, tho amount inki n ?was i !u»t over £17, while on tho priwniit oiui'lou It ttnn 2k. fld undor £01. This may ho accounted for lo som* extent. by tho fact that many aristocratic pan ouo were kopt away by tho hoat, others 1-y the oarlt liniir, and ' ,nut a few by the f«tr thiit thcro ivn'nld bo no light Still llio'nttcndanco \im very large, mid tho Corinlhlnn ule ment was iiniisiiiilly strong for thoso dogoiinnli. dayn Iho place , Boloctrl was mnldon ground; ami, ntt Ing to tho lengti of gm--, It wnscxtieimily dlllhu'l tn pluli upon n snot Httod for the owaslim williout ihui/ mls- uhlef. 1 ho veteran coiiiiniiwiry, how-evcr, HUH iiniMuully . ' carcliil in his solctl.m, aud a ?:a|iitiil nveim » «* rntlu toil, which interfered lvllh no one, and ou- which mi Injury whatever win) committed. Tliu axHemblagu luiUiil \vn«, taken altogether, .uuo of the most orderly wo hiuisoon for .Homo time, and wo nro glud lo »tnto thiiillniu wnu nn nlniOHt total nl,:itiin:uco from dint vulgar and disgust- ' Ing cliiifl* which, ou noniu occnsloiiK, him so uumijcil ilia - spectators, and ted Ion dciiro to oxtbrminata tin ulli rcrit ' in tho rivor mnd which, despite all that tho lkglhtinr- i (icucral says to llu contrary, camiot lio hall hi ifilhv in Iho 'gobs,' wo r'imiiot call them mouth?, of miiny of these puljlio uulsiiiioes. ? The llrst lo shy Ms wlde-atvako into tho ring twin Tom Paddock, who wim most loudly cheered, lio vim nt- ' tended by Jemmy Miuisoy and that accomplished iniutcr , of the art Jack M.icdimald, nnd looked an red in IillI root, and as strong . mil healthy as though ho h id nut or In Hip I'ouroo of his ;ifo asslstcilitt tho ceromoin nl »i elng ', 'out:tlio gas. His dcmcniiour who Ilia ;umii iih over— , thnt of cxIrcniQ cniiililenue — and thosinllu on hi- muff was moro that of ono who had merely comu nut io enjoj^ n littlo gontlo oxerclxe, than of a rniidldnto fin honours nieparing to meet thii Admlmhlo Crli'hlon oC ihu.p.R. I'huro was, however, nothini; of hinvndo about him liu merely took (ho nlliiir as a ncitter of tour i, tthlih would soon bo over, lie wns not kept many minutes before he-wan joined hy his opponent, who, uUnidcd by Bill, Hayes and Ham-: llruntoii, was aUo rciaiiul with a ramplotb ovation ol npplnutie. Tom, liko his Inolhci Tom, also looked In rudu health; hut his good tcmpcrctl mugalriick us as If anything too (lujhy, and in thin w« ?wii^.i-oiiflrnied when ha stripped, for it nin tin n ap parent that ho wnsbomo throe or four poundii lunvici than ho should havo hcen iiudur sui'h a liopiml nun ' Thu lads shook hunds good hiimonrcdly, nml ulnlolluy wero complotlug their hnll-flnlslicd adoi mm ikh, iho ! betting round the ring wns of tho liveliest and lnavlmt . description : £20 to £20, £(,0 to X 10, ami nlmlhir uildn to ^ unallfr sums upon Sayers wero oft'ured, and uigoilv acciiptbd In nil quarters, nld it was an miiih in thn v stakeholder could accomplish for aomo tlmo to ' collect and enter Iho ? niimeB mill amounls of perhaps Home of tho heaviest investments that i havo for many years tul«m thice upon nnj pnglllnt|r ongagoinenl, Tlmo and iiuco flf ro warn iih I lint wo mint ' not detain our readers longer on these prilimiuariu1, cspeciiiHy a», tVom tho number of qncstioiiH wo lm\ e io celvcil, it in ovidently ox'pected of us that we should again lay boforo tlm public a history of tho nnliu dents of both men. I'rtnrluun lo doing thin, lionet tr, wo ftcl it incumbent ujion us fo perform uu act of juatico lu Alco Kcone, which npoiks volumes for his kiudnoas of heart, and without which our iiccount trouhl tin Imoniplcte After tho men hud boon lighting iihont twenty minutes, Alec, who had followed tho belligerents in n tug from Gravoscnd, mado his nppenrnen on tho groundraml, finding that filings worcnot going ullogelhir smoothly with Tom Paddock, nt onco betook him to lili cornir, ofVcrcd him tho hrnd of fcllmvship, and throughout the remainder oftho fight nlood liy him lo nfiord him tlio 'benefit of that oxperienco and advlro which hit Ji no cit Tlllblo of llnnfirtlnir. Rtwh nn m-t. tiTif,^ nil l,!uill-.f.,.nn!i.»J incnts, Is n great feather In Alec's cap, and, us wu hnvo ? boforo said, It would havo been unjust not to Imvo , awarded him that meed ofpral:.o to which ho is i-o Justly ontitled. ??-??? . Wo will now turn to the pages of Fitthna In nmlnl im in recounting, an wo have so vftcn done hoforo, the pro- ' vious pcrforaianccs of the rlvni champions. Tom Paddock stands rather over fl fl. I0J In , was born In 182-1, at Rcdillfch, and weigh*, when In condition, something under 12.it. Ho commenced his long anil varied milling career at tho ngo of 20, hy deflating Klijnh Parsond, for £20 u side, at Suttoii C'olclllold, on the ilrd nf December, L8M, Iho fight lasting 12 minutes, during whleh 2il rounds w_ero got Ihiongli 'I otn next met Nobby Clarke, then thoiighl. to bo tlio tixut pio inlslng heavy weight of tho day, frrini tho coiimmimnto case with wfilcji ho had defeated Iho gaino lluli Caiint. Tills battlo took placo near Iirotntvlu.fi, 27th Jnmmrf, 1818, for X'2.1 a side, and was won by our hero In ii '' rounds nnd If) mln., although ho nertulnly icecived the lion's nhare of punishment, which is accounted for by tho Hiipcrlor science of Ills enemy, who, however wait destitute of tlio pugilWn vado iiiccniu, Brlliih valour. Clarke; when out oftho ring, wa» nol. satlaflcd iih to Iho' result, and u fresh challenge InsuroiTu fresh match, which camo off, for £J0 n side, Dili April, 18 17, nt Stony Stint ford, when Tom again triumphed o'er tlio li,c, his tank this time occupying only 85 roiindx and -JH mill. After . this, I'addock keems to havo rested ou his onrit for moro than threo yearn, there bolng. wo believe, nn ouo ex cept the tip-top]iern near his weight hardy enough to encounter him, while, nt the name lime, a meeting with tho great guns was thought lo bo prcpoxforoun, Ou iho Mh of. I lino, 18M), however, ho liucounlei'id thu renowned i Bold Hcndlgo of Kotllngliaiu, fur £200 » aido, Ills friends considering that n line franli young f.llutv, with cim«liler- ablo pretenaions to milling, must be better than ti stale old ono liko Bendy, in bin 40th year, and who, more, over, had boon on' tho ahelf for livo years; and that he was then n belter man thcro can lio no doubt, anil had ho not allowed temper to get llm betlvr of judg ment, owing to Bcndy'n well known limiky-pniiky «u. ties, it h more than probable ho would havu won, nnd ? worn the proud title of champion of Kngliiud. An It was, however, an unlucky foul blow, delivered when Bendy was down, put an end lo his chance, in 'III rounds and Aft inin In the (onrec of Iho name year, he was matched with Bill Perry (tho Tlptou Slasheri for £100 a side, aud tho battle camo oil' by moonlight ut Wo king, un the 17th of December, 18S0, and lima again, % hi 27 rounds and 12 minutes, Paddock, with all thu worst of It, loat the battlo by a foul blow. I'addock, after these two ebullitions of Ills fiery temperament, up- , , penru for a timo to have lost tho cunlldence of Mn Lou. , don backers, and retreated to the provinces, fur on tho 23rd of September, ISol, we find him meeting Harry Poulaon for tho lint time at Sedgcbrook, na.r finm tham, for £2/i a nldu. This appears to hnvo been n moat desperate mill, Poulson was nomu koven yearn lli' older man and was more than three Inches shorter than !'a-l- dock, but his tremendous «trength and superjor cendi tiou cnublcd him just to pull.tlirbtfghjn 71 rounds ,-iinl !)& minutes. Paildock, who «eeni» not* to luva l.ctii quite up to the -mark, was of ctiurso dliu'atifiul, nud another match wan made for £50 a side, which, came off ' at Helper on tho 22nd of December in Iho sam« yuar. Thin, like tho laat, was a gallant hand-to-hand ttruggln ' from beginning to end, and wtii won by Paddo-.-k, wlio , this lima took caro to bo In good fettle, in 8C rounds and 0.1 minuU'S. It was after thin mill that Tom und lil» ' gallant opponent, together with several of Ihclr friend*, ' had an Invitation to stay wKli tho governor of IJerhv Castle, apd by him were laid upon lh« shelf In lavender for ten montha. On emerging from durance vile, Poul. son, like Puddock, appcarn to have felt disappointed at their former meeting, and the rccult was tho conyuerini; battle, which took place, for £100 a nlde, at MlldciilialL . on theHth of February, 165-1. Itwon.lllio their provloui - encounters, of a gallant description, and wan only Suit won upontho post by Paddock In I02roundaaiid2h.uiid32min. Tom'/t f uperlorlty over the Nottingham hero being thus established, ho looked round for fresh lauiela, ami wam not long in finding a worthy antagonist In Aaron Jones, whom he fought fur £100 a side, 18th July, 18,ril, in Long Keach. This was a long and exciting battle, lioth men did Ihclr hardest, aii'l bulii received punlab mentof no ordinary description, Jones fullv rctricylni; ' bin character from any preriouK imputations us to cowcrdv \lcc. The fight was won, and only Juut won, by Pad- ' dock, In 121 rounds, and two hours and. 21 mlimteji. After this Tom wan twice matched with Harry Brooinl1, - ' ' 'and twice received forfeit, tho flnst time £18(1, anitT** second £10. Jcni-s now once more came to the fore, ex prcsied IiU opinion that a second trial would give a. Ulf- ... . ferciit result, and hence the second iiiuuh between these galiant opponent*, who fought June 2(;ih, I8i5, at Mildeuliall, for £100 aside. Again wu- thcro alreuicn «luu« utruggle, aud until TucMuy lust we never saw Paddock more severely punUhed, but in the end this result was as before. Puddock wan the winner, /mil thin time in the shorter period of Cl rounds, and h'J minute*. On the 19th of May following, Tom Paddock and Harry Broome did at laat meet in the P. It,, for £-00 a md-, and the complete gift the battle proved 14 Tom Paddock inustbcfreih in the minds of all our aadem. He won, with barely a Kratch, In (1 rounds und C3 minute*. This wan his last engagement previoui In Tuesday, but on tho 2nd of October, ISM, he forfeited £80 in a Hucim'd match with the Tipton Slather. As we huvc before xalil, he some time last irammcr had a d.mgtruu* illnt-u, which vtm at first si-pposed lo h'- paralytU of llietpine, but which «uOM-merntly turned out to bo infljjuuutlon of the kidneyn, accompanied by rheumatic fever of the »ovcr-!»t description, llu was for mouths roiifiiuti tu the hospital, and it was this illneu v/hi h c tiled furth the (jentruns excrtioim of Ale; Kh-iio (n h i farcir, of which vie havo upotet t- favomally. Pa lilo 1. i* Lot what Is Urmod a very tcieutific Iwxer. lli h.u alvrayt depended more upon dc(]-erate tourag', and great capabilities as a rctivcr of puulkhnunt, to pull Mru through in liin battles, and in lh« majority nf caws lie has been ouci-t-Mful. We luve comctimva eeeii hh.i flj;!jt | Dlcadily with hi» left f-ir many roumbi,- uid reap great ., advantage frun) ouch taftlc», Ui t »o oun- an iKhaipiuk'n) . he ha.i drupprd theelotrand «t*a4y, and lx.-tdl.tni him- ? '? ???if fo the hand to hind biulu'ett, wh,ch U no peejttiarly lt .' - Torn 8*7-n 1«u bom at Pimlicc, Brighton, la 1624 ' t I His he.u'iit wai five feet eight inches and a blttock, and if 8 kis weight anywhere between lOst 81b.and lOjt 121b. '?' ! i He forsook bricklaying and plastering for his present '? i ^rofeuion nn the li)th of March, 1819, when he fought ii i one Couch, (or £5 a side, ami defeated him under thir ' I tesn miniitej, r-t Greenhilhc His debut so pleased his ?*? B friend.', tint thev matched him ajiinst llsn Collins, !'S *nennpr..!e,'col'Ton Spring'*, ami thought to be a ? ?)?' iiro-ni-iii' .-o't.' Tlinv fnu^lit at tdenbridge and Rel ? K: ? liM-'.iwin:,' hseii disturbed at the former plare by ?? & : bt.iU a'l I .it this latter p'a'.o by darkne-s-on the -iiiid ) p ? of O -totier. I ??!?/). a:id tiie battle wns of a very even ? ] Mature, b .th t- -in ,' ??.?..nider.ibly pa«Mi;d. An adjourn ; jf mc'nt took p'seo to tin 29th of Apr:!, 1831, when they . : Ji fought f.ir £?:? a side, at Urn; Reach ; but on this occa \- f Mon ths improvement »n t!io pirt of Saver* was moat ,, « manifest, and he »v.,:i in -11 rounds and 81 minutes lie 3 ' «cxt fou -lit J.u-k (Jrii!it,.for £19il a side, on the 29th of ) !j ' Jn'nc, 18M, an I thi* v.ms thon-ht to be a most daring . j csuvon hi* put. Ho ra-.ue triumphantly through it, ? fl ' ? however, in fi I rounds and 2 hours and 61) minutes ; but ' f '' I it his al.ravs been ad nine I that this wa- his worst per ? * formnui-c. a- in it Ii ?; showed mine of* those points for £ which lia Ii u since haai.ne so famo-.u. O.I the '26th of \- ?*? Januarv f-il-owhu '« fought and beat Jack Martin, a ?5 ret of IJ.vi C wntV, in 2o rounds and 55 minutes, for jEIU fi ' n aide. Tiii.« b.r.tie wa- followed by Tom's first and only 'Mi defeat, liv the i-iemifn- Sat Laughan, then champion of ? *- the miild'ij weights. The li«!it was for £li'U a side, '!| an.l touk ]i!a.-« () -toter 18tli, 1853, near f.nkcnhe.-ith. It ?!'?! -ras a s.:'-:itific ili«p'a.v on i-i-th sides, but Xat was !?; clearlv the belter m:i*lcr of the art, and defeated our !??!? hero bv elo-in^ his peuprti in «l rounds and 122 minuten. :i«! Tom w.i* Uv no uiauus ..atlctlcd as to the result, particu Hii larlv m heVn .-inx:ous lo obtain possession of Nat » ;{F;., ; lamp, lKMriiu th:.- in*-ripti.M 'Cli-imnion cl the Middle 4h' Wei'htV' b.il. Sat'* ln-xth failing, he was rouipclli'd to '.i ! decline the h-rimir, an.l u.tiuiateiy he resigned in favour ?ty of Tom. altliirurh ha lU-liticl to surrender up his lamp. :jy On the 2-Sth February. Itf-Vl, Tom Savers fought George ?ji Sinn, staking L.VI m L.2''. nnd extinguished his hopes '(? in the bKcf n-.-iol offiva minites and four rounds, retir 1i in- from the ring uiisoaiiicd. To this suci-ceded his '?-: * ittie -.»? th II irry I'o.i o.i. i'.ir L.iO a siile, on the 2'Jth * of Jauuirv, HVVat Appte-luro. In this aiTair Tom was j uot up totlie in irk, nn I -v.is ci-mpcllcil, for the first an.l ' oniv ti-n-_ to r.-sort tn the dropping system to bring oti' ' (hi'matL-h in his favour. Tlie light .'.i-ited throe hour.i i and ei-'ii: -iiiiiiite*. daring whioli Hlii raunds were con !?' tested.' lie ?lit! not re-enter the I'. !-. until Cth .launary, 'v 1857, owiii' tolii' imbilitv to meet with a customer. % and cvan tncn he had to'givo aivay three inches in !'V, - iieight a:i I over liil!» in weight. His opponent, as will J» be reinuiniii-red, «-ivs Aaron .lones, whom he fought for i1 Ii.lOil a si.le, o.i the baiiksofthe Meilway. The mill oc ;i,'ocupicd throe hours during which 02 rounds were got i ?'--?' through, ami ilarknjM put an end to the content ; boih !!? *n»i wer-j much miiiislie.l, but th-.- lion's shire was with p\ Asron -lo:ic.-. The b.i:tle was postponed to 10th Feb., -f when hottilitiu were ? re-coinmenccd, a bet of j' : L.100 a side having been added to thn stakes. ji' This time SayWs I'll -inged his lactics., and his supc '; riority be- a, lie quiiklv visible; he pinked hij man :'t ' -EVerely, and ultimately compelled him to cry a go, at |! the expiration of two flours nnd 85 ro,unds. It is only i»j fair to stall*, however, that Jones's hands were in any if ' : thing but a state to enable him to contend with any i';r. chance of siix-eA- with onu possessing such an adamin \\\\- tine nub a- -Savers. It w.is after this that Tom, having ; ' bad a frliiiinw'uf the i-hampion's belt, and liurning with ^ amhition, buekicil up his loins for a tussle with the old '[i Tipton, whose name had been a bnglt«ar to almost all '?% the big ones of hi» time Into the origin of the match j ':' we need nut cuter; it will be sufiv.-icnt to record the fact co well known, that on the ICtii of June, 1857, the prou 1 ;, title of (Jha np-on of England was wrested by little Tom ! from his gi^uuie opponent in 10 rounds, occupying 102 j' minutes, the I'ipton, turuingwut to be only tlie rciiinant IV of his former self, and a mere plaything in the. hands of ii* his nimble wiemy. Of Tom's last mill, with Hill llenja }l mill, on the oth of January last, for £JOD a ?ide, and the [} laughing-sitofk he male «f that much vaunted wonder 5 it ? we need srarccly say a word. The circumstance of if Benjamin's daring to encounter Savers is almost to ridi U cu'.ous for belief. The lUht, as it was called, lasted only 'I Bix minuics anil n half, and three rounds only were ?'' -fought We liav« i!o-v brought our long story to an end, ;?[;. -and leaving our rea-lers to draw their own infcicnccsas 't to the comparative merits of our heroes as judged from -. -their p^rforiniuvn with their quondam adversaries, we ; ' will at last rcwar.l them for the patience with which we ij. Aope thav hive, one and all, wailed through this furrago ,:i . of fisticu';Fs, hv a f.iithful accoimt of tho gallant struggle ;J of Tuesdav last. , ' ? ' . THE FIGHT. ;* Kound 1. Iloth enmc grinning to the scratch, nnd -niantouvrcd for a brief sntce for an opening. I'addock :? looked, xi iiaiial, big anil burly, but it was evident that ?ho was no hmger the active, fresh man we had before : r-seen. His mug w;is moro marked with age, and there }' «?*« a dullness about his eye we never remember in 5 ? -former dnvn. His condition was good, nnd he was in if cood hufth ; but still we thought ho looked only Tom 1 f: Paddo»lt in name. Saver.-', n- we have stated above, wns if:, -TOoro lie.-hv than hn should have been; but this wns the lr only fanlt'to be found with him. His eye was as bright A and clear as n hawk's, and the case ol hi3 inovcmriiU ;f| was a picture to behold. His attitude. was, as usual, all 1: leadincsj for n nhontora jump. Paddock, instead of -} -rushing, as had been expscted, steadied himself, and felt it -with liis left for an opening. It was not long before lie i! attempted it, but Savers stopped him easily. He made a second attempt, and Snycra stepped back, shaking his :i -noildle, nnd laughing. After il little sparring, I'addock I tried again, and got on Tom's brow, but not heavily. ! Again tliev d'ulged, nud at length two counter hits were exchang-d, cat-h fretting on to the proboscis. After this Paddock ag liu reached Tom's no:;/.le rather sharply, but was stopped in another ettempt. Another bit of cau tious sparring eventually led to very heavy exchanges, ?in which Savers left a murk on Paddock's left cheek, nud ' -napped a worm one over the right, peeper, slightly i -removing the bark, nnd giving Paddock the first event. ! Several rapid pas«3 were now made on both sides, but (? they were evidently mere trials to find out what each | -intended. Af:er a pause, Savers tried his favourite double, which ho succeeded m landing on Paddock's cheek, but not very heavily. More sharp exchanges followed, tho advantage being with Saycra. until they ' 'both retreated and stood to cool themselves, the heat being intense. . After ii few seconds thus employed, they ? again approached one another smiling, and after n dodge or two, they exchanged slight reminders on tho side of the i.ut, bniku away, nnd then pot a.- it .iguii., when licavy counter hits were exchanged, but Savers was first, f ? .and inflicted a cut on Paddock's left brow, calling forth i, -the juice in abundance.' Paddock landed on the check, |- 'but not heavily. -After this, slight exchanges with the ;i -left took place, and they again stood, Savers awaiting i the onslaught, and Pnrtdoi-k puzzled. At lnst tho latter flashed in, and was easily stopped twico in succession. ! He rushod after Savers, who ducked under his arm, and ? ? ' as Paddock turned round again, nailed him vcr, heavily ;- over the left peeper, renewed the supply of carmine, and ' . .-then got out of harm's way : Paddock, nothing daunted, t '? flashed in, but Sayers stopped him most beautifnlly, nnd fi —then putting in his double, got well on tho old spot. *?' ? Faddockonco more bored in, and was neatly .stopped, V ' *ut, persevering with his nsual gamemas; licavy !?? . exchanges ensued, all in favour of Sayers, who was as !?'? atraight as n die, and got heavily on tho left cheek and h '?'? brow. Paddock, wild, rushed after him ; Savers ducked, I- and then plnnted bin left, on tho left cheek, another hot f one, and then on the snout, renewing tho ruby. As f' ' Paddock bored in he mado a cannon ofT the cushion by SJ ' putting his double heavily on the mark and sneezer ;i without a return, .and Paddock, then rushing after him, Si ; bored him down. '.This round lasted 15 minutes, and at |:r, its conclusion tliB. bickers of Saycra offered 2 to I, an i;' offer not accepted- by the l'addock party, who looked (: ? fndigo. ? It was 'patent to all good judges oven thus f - early that Paddock was only Paddock in name, and that 'i '? all the steel was out of him j and ho has since inarmed I us that he felt tired and worn out, and that he h&d; no ! ; chance from this time. His gnmeness, thorefore, in per ' Hovering so long'und so manfully against his own con viction U the more commendable. : . ' 2. Both camo up frrinningj but while Snycrs was 1 almost seathlcis; I'addock's mug showed that Savers i had been there. 'Paddock, nothing daunted, rattled in, i and got onto tho top of Tom's nnt. Savers returned, \- '? ' but not heavily, and sharp counter hits followed, Snycrs i;: on Hie damaged ogle, and Paddock on tho left cheek. I ' After this Savers got home his dangerous right on tlio i ? . ' sldo of Paddock's nob, nnd tho lnUer fell. | - 8. Paddock seemed slow, while Sayers was ns fresh as ??? ' a daisy. Paddock attempted to lead, but was very short. ' ? He, however, stopped Tom's return. Heavy exchanges f:' : followed, Snycrs receiving on tho left cheek, and getting '-' beavily on Paddock's damaged squinter. Paddock, !!' ' nothing dauntod, made several despernto eftorts, but t; '. Savers got away with tho greatest case, and nt length as 'I Pa'ddoclc persevered, ho once moro countered him on the '- old spot, drawing moro of tho red port, and stopped ' Paddock's return. Twico again did Sayers repeat this !?' visitation, nnd got away from Paddock's kindly inten tions. Savers then tried to lead oft', but was well stopped. U ' Ho mado anothor attempt, and lodged his favourito ' doublo on tho mark and nose, and thon stopped Pad '?'??' dick's return. Paddock now endeavoured to forco the '?'; flghting, but Savers danced away under his arm, came ? .1 again,' nnd as Paddock rushed In, delivered a tremendous [I ' lefthander on the chock, bythe side of tho smeller, lira w ': ing more homobrewod from a fresh cut. Paddock, angry, «iado several desperate efforts, but was well stopped. At length they got close, nnd in tho heavy- oxchanges Sayera got his right hoavily on tho side ot tlio nut, and received on tho mouth. Paddock now dashed in, and although Savers pinkod him on tho noso and eye, he porsovered until ho forced Savors down. 4 Paddock's nob seemed a good deal out of tho perpendicular, whilo Sayers had scarcely a mark. Pad dock still smiled, and attempted to lead, but the dash and vigour wo romomborcd of yoro were nil gone; Ins blows seemed but half-arm hits, and did not got near their destination. Almost every time Sayers stopped him with case, nnd at list as Paddock came boring In, bo met him lienvily on tho cheek, producing another supply of cochineal. Still did Paddock persevere, but only to bo nailed again, and to have tho Red Republican obco more called forth. After this ho got hpmo on Tom's' chest and then on tho cheek, but tho blows lacked vigour. Exchanges ensued, in which Paddock removed tho bark from Tom's snider, and turned on tho main, but it was not n material damngc. After a rest, in which both piped fur wind, thoy ngnin got at It, and a tremendous raljy took place, in which Bayers was .straightest and heaviest ; hejhowever, got a hot-un on the mouth, which drew the Badminton. This was a tremendous givc-aud-take round, and Paddock got it heavily on the left side of his nob, while Sayers received it chie'fly on the hardest parts of his cast-iron 'canister. In the 'end Paddock was down, amidit the vociferous cheers of the layers part v. 5\. Paddork nn lo two ineffectual attempts to deliver, each beini short, after which Sayers missed hU favourite double, lie then stopped Paddock's one-two, and ex changes followed, in which Paddo.:k reached Tom's thin, and received with interest on tho damaged check. Au.iin did they deliver, left and right, and Paddock drew mure gravy from Tom's sticker. Paddock rattled to it, but Sayers' countered heavily on the snorer, again calling forth the ruby, he, however, napped one on the kisser, which must have shaken his Mso ivories. Aficr this they piped for wind, the perspiration oozed from every pore, nnd they were evidently both tired. Pad dock* ictired for a wipe, and after a pause Savers went to him, and Paddock seeing this, i ashed in, but Tom danced awar, followed by Paddock, who eventually got a reminder' on tho cheek', nnd Savers in getting away from the return fell. fi. Sayers feinted and dodged until Paddock came to him, wlicn Tom got home a very hot one on the snuff box, turning on the vermilion 'galore, l'addock, wild, dashed at him to deliver with the right, but Savers getting quiiklv out of mischief, the blow fell on the stake, and evidently cau.«ed tha poor fellow intense pain. He was not cowed', however, but followed Savers, who fell, and Paddock's umpire appealing, the referee desired Sayers to be cautious. 7\. Paddodc. slow, came up cautiously, and after a few dodges, led off, but wns short, and received a reminder on the bcHk from Tom's left. Sayers then got heavily on the mark with the left, and stopped the return. Thi« led to heavy exchanges, in which Paddock received on the now, and lost more juice, while Sayers only got it on the brow. Paddo: k trieil again and again to lead off, but Sayers danced anray, or ducked under his arm, and each time nailed him heavily on the noso, or left check, and, finally, Pa.idock fell weak. 8\. Paddock's left pei-per whs now completely closed, ami the k-ft side of his knowledge-box much swollen. He wa- sent up very clean, however, and again tried to ic.nl ofl', but Sayers 'was too quick for him, and getaway. Still did tho gallant l'addock persevere, but Savers stopped him with caw, and returned on the damaged visual organ very heavily. Paddock again dashed in, hut was short, fiis blows lacking vigour, r.n 1 Sayers returned on the mark. Again and again did Paddock make an onslaught, but there was none of the vigour of the I'addock of former duys; ho was repeatedly stopped with ease, and Savers caught him again nud again on tho mark and damaged chop. At last they got close together, and Paddock succeeded in knocking Sayers off his pins by a heavy right-hander on the whistluV, which inflicted 'a severe cut and drew the carmine, (l-oud cheers for Paddo;k, who' had thus won tho two first events.) !). The blow in the last round had evidently shaken Saver.-', who was slow to tlio call of time, nnd came up with a suspicious mirk on his potato I rap. Paddock tried to follow up his advantage, and incaatiously went in, when Siyers met him with a beautiful left-lmnaeron the snout, which sent him staggering, nnd put an end to i his rushing for the time. This enabled Sayers to recover' a little, nud then, as Paddock afterwards came in, 1* made another call on the check, and got cleverly aw.* from the return. Padlock followed him up, and heavy left-handed exchanges took place in favour of Savors, who afterwards stopped Paddock's right twico in succcs-' sion. Good exchanges ensued to a close, and Paddock got down, just escaping Tom's right. 10\. After slight harmless exchanges, they stood pip ing, until Paddock took the initiative, but Sayers danced under his arm, and as In turned round pinked him on tho blind goggle, anil then, putting in his double, re newed the homebrewe I from the cheek. Paddock tried a return, but wns slopped twice in succession, and then got another little-un on the cutwater. After some neat stoppins on both sides, Savers mado another call on tho cheek— then on the chest, 'aiid after sharp exchanges, as Paddock rushed after him, he slipped and fell, but ob viouslv from accident. ' 11\. Paddock at onto rushed tocloso quarters, but found Savors nothing loth i they struggled for n brief period, anil in the cud both fell, it being obvious that Sayers was the stronger man. 12\. Paddock, who was pip'ng, and evidently fatigued, tried to lead off, but was miserably short. Atterasligbt exchange they ng.iin closed, nnd, after a short struggle, Sayers threw and fell nn his1 man, amidst the cheers of his admirers. One hour and two minutes had now elapsed. 13\. Paddork, whose mug was all shapes but the right, and whose remaining goggle glared most ferociously, rushed in nnd mirood ; Snyers in getting back fell, and there was a claim of foul, Masscyand Macdonnld, accord ing to the custom of modern second-', neglecting their man, and milling to the referee. There was not the slightest ground for the claim, Sayera evidently having fallen from pure accident; but tho usual complimentary remarks were offered by tho card sharpers and other bhifkgunrds, ivImsr onlv interest was perhaps tho value of a pot of beer depending on the result, and who were proportionately anxious to win, tie, or wrangle, rather than lose their valuable (?) investments. After soino time the ring keepers succeeded in clearing these gentry away, nnd inducing Macdonald and Massey to return to their duty, nud the referee having said ' fight on ' the battle proceeded. 11\. Paddock, to whom the delay had afforded a short respite, dashed in, caught Savors on the cheek, closed, and both fell. 15\. Savers feinted, nnd got on to Tom's nozzle, draw ing more' claret, and in getting away from a rush, crossed his legs near the stakes and fell. 10\. Paddock, who wns evidently fast getting worn out, nt tho institution of liU seconds dashed in as if to make a final effort to turn tho scale. Ho let go both hands, but was short, und Savers once more pinked him on the swollen smeller. Paddockstill persevered, and moro exchanges, but not of a severe description, took place, followed hv a break awav ami a pause. .Again did they get at it, 'and Rome heiivy counter-hitting took place; Savers well on the mouth and no3c, and Paddock on tho brow and forehead. Paddock then rushed in and bored Sayers down at the ropes. (Another claim of foul disal lowed.) 17\. Paddock, desperate, rushed at onco to work ; and they pegged away with a will, but the punishment was all one wav. At last theyclosed and lolled over, Sayers being top sawver. In the struggle and fall the spikes in Snyera'n boot 'in some way inflicted two severe wounds in 'Paddock's leg, nn I Slassey declared that the injury had been committed on purpose; but this, every one v ho saw the light was convinced was preposterous. Even supposing it was Snvers's spikes it was evidently acci dental, but so clumsily did they roll over that it is. not impossible that it wns'dono bv the spikes in the hcol of Paddock's other boot, which' spikes wcro much longer and sharper than thoso of Savers. The idea of Snycrs doing such a thing deliberately when he actually had the battle in hand is too ridiculous to admit of a question. 18\. Paddock ru*hcd In nnd caught Sayers on the side of the head with his tight, nud they closed and pegged away at close quarters until Snycrs got down. 10\. The in-fighting in tho last round had told a tale on Paddock's nob which was much swolleu, nnd I lie left cheek was now beginning to follow suit with the right, At last they got close and both fell, Paddock under. Mnssey made another claim that Sayers fell with his knees on Paddock, but it was evidently an attempt to snatch a verdict. 20\. Paddock tried to make an expiring effort, but was wofully short, and Sayers countered heavily with the left on tho damaged cheek, and then repeated tho dose with great severity, staggering the gallant Tom, who, however, soon collected himself, and once moro led off, but out of distance. He then stood until Sayers went to him, popped a heavv one ou the noso and then tho right on the cheek, and closed at the ropes where he fibbed Paddock vcrv henvilv, nnd both (ell, Paddock under. 2 1 nnd last. Paddo'ck came very slowly to tho scratch, evidently without tho ghost ofa shadow of a chance. Ho was groggy, and could scarcely see j the closo qflarters in the hist round had dono their work; and nny odds might have been had on Snycrs. Paddock tried a rush, but, ol' course, Sayers was nowhere near him, and ns he camo nguin Snyers met him full on the right chook, a very heavv hit with his loft. It staggered poor Tom, who wm evidently all abroad, and all but fell. He put out his hands as if to catcli 1io!d of Sayers to'support himself, nnd tho latter, who had drawn back his right hand to deliver the conn do grace, seeing how matters stood, at onco restrained himself, and seizing Pnddock|s outstretched hand, shook it warmly, and conducted him to his corner, where his seconds, seeing it was all over, at once throw up the sponge, and Sayers was proclaimed the victor in ouo hour and twenty minutes. Paddock was much exhausted, and it wns some timo beforo ha was sufficiently himself to realiso the fact that ho bad been defeated, when he shed bitter tears of mortification. That ho had any cause for grief beyond the: fact that bt was defeated, no one could say, for if ever man perse vered against nature to make a turn, it was ho, for not withstanding the constant soycro props he got whenover he attempted to lead, he tried it on again and again, and, to hu praise be it said, took his gruel with a good temper exceeding anything we have ever witnessed on his bulmlf during the wholo of his career. As soon as possiblo after the event was over, the men wcro dressed and conveyed oh board the yosscl, whe.o Pnddock re ceivod every attention his state required: but it was long before he recovered from tho mortification he felt at his unexpected defeat. Sayers in tho meantimo went round among tho spectators, and made a collection for him amounting to about £30, which will doubtless bo logely increased when the money Is given up. Tho great event over, llio ring was cleared to. make rom for Lynch and Harrington, but just a^ they were about to cntor the arena the polico put in nil appearance, and ordered an instant removal — an order which was promptly obeyed, and all then nt once ro-cnibarked for conveyance to another scene of action, where the lads wore enabled ^to settle- their differences without lot or hindrance. Wo must now ofter our usual brief comments upon tho great event of tho day. .u»Jt:s iREMAUKg. '- Although the'above battle tells its owntale, our oc-: count would not bo complete unless wo appended a few remarks not only upon the contest itself, but also upon tho general management and the other concomitants. From the very commencement it was obvious lo us that all the right was out of Tom Paddock. All the devil and determination for which he had been so famous had com pletely left him, and he was almost as slow and ineffec tive as the old Tipton. True, be left no stone un turned, and never once flinched from the severity of the Dunir-hment administered to him. He took all that Sayers guve with, perfect - indifiVrcncc, and although it was obvious his powers of delivering had departed, his extraordinary gifts as a re- I ceivcr of punishment were fully equal ta his olden repu tation! and, as we have before remarked, his good tempcrcxcecdcd anything we have ever wilnessed'on his part. It was supposed ;by many that, had lio.not have injured his right hand by the blow delivered upon the stakes he would have done better; but, as lie used flint mawley afterwards so effectually as to floor tho Cham pion, and has admitted to us that he fc'.t his cause to be hopeless previous to that accident, such speculations go for nought. That both his daddies eventually became much swollen and innocuous is true, but that he could have turned the tide in his favour had this not been the case we do not believe. It was not the mere hardness of the hammer that w;is wanting, but tho slcani for wield ing tho hammer wns entirely. absent. The principal caiiseofregretwasth.it he should have been induced, after his severe illness, to try conclusions with one so much fresher, and, as it turned out, stronger tlmn him sMf ; but however much his physical powers had de ciined, it was all along evident that his old spirit of daring was as strong in him as ever. From the first moment thnt he entered the ring lie did all, and more than all, that could be required of him to make a turn in his favour, but in vain. As may be gathered from onr account, he once or twice seemed to gain a slight advan tage, but it was very short lived. Enough, however, was done by him to convince us thnt had lie been the Paddock of live ycirs ago, the chanco of Tpm Savers re taining his proud position would have been, any thing but 'rosy.' The collection made for l'addock proved the estimation in which his gallantry was held by the spectators, and we do hope that as it will in all proba bility be his last encounter, his friends and the public will 'testily their admiration of such a brave fellow by contributing liberally towards establishing him in a Kosition to earn his iwn livelihood. Many gentlemen ave already paid him for his colours, nnd this example cannot be too widely followed. His backers inform lit that it is intended to give him a bencfil within a week or ten days ; but they have as yet been' unable to secure any arena. Full particulars, however, will be announced in 'our next. On this occasion we are sure we shall be stating no moro I him the truth in saving thnt his gallant opponent will be present to lend a lielping liiiud to his fallen adversary, and that no exertions will be spared on his part to secure him such a bumper as he so richly deserves. Tom Savers throughout the contest fought with that extraordinary judgment of time and distance which has so much distinguished him during the last few years of his career; nnd from the first it was apparent that any diffidence he might havo displayed in Ins mill with the' Slasher had completely disappeared. Jle abstained, to a considerable extent, from the harlequinade which he dis played in tint encounter, and often s'.oi;! and fought withjiiit-jiim^puius opponent with steudiuess uiid pre cision; ;He'f,elliloivn^it is true, three limes without a 4Mq\i-,r hjij^ulitJjWiJw'oTslicso occasions could it be fairly .Wd-Iliat it was ihnA^Jrwit, nnd even then we do not Tiflieve that it was nVSilffU act, and especially us it was rcfcar JtUainsafMiliime system wns furthest fiom his tBouglifs, nmr hf^reuj, desire was to keep Paddock on 'fii&egi.; 'JJom ha£iiD&*eAcucd the very pinnacle of his .XttrnAaSiaX^toow riofrjriio is likely to be his liext op \'-it&t;,'J[-}iil\v)ltei&'for, as we stated last-week, any match* TlMnW*-etf£cr info with Bob Urettle will hot en title the other to claim the chain piouship unless all res trictions as to weight are withdrawn. Tom's backer writes to us that the bnttlemoney is shortly to be hauded to Sayers at a theatre yet to be hired on the occasion ofa benefit, when the belt will bo once more buckled round his loins, and when he will be presented by subscriptions with Tom Cribb's cup and lion-skin belt mounted in silver, nnd weighing nearly 100 ounces. ' That Tom is entitled to all honours that can be heaped upon him, not only for his general gallantry nud good behaviour, but also for his manliness in holding nis band' at the conclusion of the fight, is un doubted, and nil that wo can do to servo his cause shall bo.done,; but we cannot take leave of this portion of our subject without suggesting that it will only be frnceful and generous on his part to allow his fallen but rave opponent to have ths first pu'l upon the public purse in the shape of a benefit, seeing that his chances of future honours aro completely lost, and he has no where to turn for assistance ; whilo qur hero has troops of friends with heavily laden purses, who, if it were requisite, could, and wo trust would, at once place him in a position to render him independent for life. 'A nod is ns good as a wink to a blind horse,' nnd we trust Tom Savers will take our h.nL in tlio spirit in which it is meant, and do all that becomes a man in the cause of chcritvand brotherly kindness; and whilo addressing these remarks to tho gallant champion, we should not be doing our duty did we not call upon the winncr-i on the fight, mnny of whom lauded heavy niiiounts, to contri bute liberally to assist tho defeated hero iu. his mis fortunes. ' . . And now, in conclusion, a few words as to the management of the expedition. Mr. Gideon and the others who undertook the affair deserve all praise for tho pains tiny took to render their patrons comfortable, and on this head there was no cause fur complaint; but on another point representations were made to us, which we trust we shall be pardoned for alluding to, ns our obser vations may serve na landmarks for thefutuic. Tho vessel chartered for the occasion was admirably manned and well found, nnd the crew, from the skipper down wards, did all in their )-ower to carry out the purposes of tho expedition with effect. Thetuptaiu in particular was most energetic; and we, in common with many others, thought that, considering the large profits realised by the speculator*, something like a fair remuneration would have been tendered for tlic3e extra exertions. It was, therefore, with feelings tho reverse of satisfactory, we learned that the pittance doled out as largess to tlio crew was such as almost to lead them to return it with disdain. This is a matter which scarcely comes within, bur province; but we do think that when more is dono thnn is expected, and no stone left unturned to give satisfaction, especially in these duys when it is so difllcult to get off a mill at all, a little more liberality might have been shown; and it would certainly not surprise us, in the cvnnt of a future mill, if the ?;cnl!tincii impli cated should find it difficult to come to terms at nil -with tho proprietors of the vessel, who, in common with our selves, felt somewhat moro than astonished at tho nig gardly disposition which was displayed. Marring this, there was nothing at all that could give rise to a com plaint Billv Duncan and his fellow ring keepers did their duty liko men ; thcru was a; fair ring throughout, and, at the conclusion of the day's sport, all nppearcd satisfied that this ' Fight for the Championship ' wns one of tho best of modern times. After the second battle was concluded,' the combatants and their friends implicated in' the battle between Kccfe and Hartley were landed, at another place, .the polico haying appeared just as Lynch and Harrington had con cluded their trial of skill, and the vessel with 'the remainder of her cargo, steamed to Grcenhithc, where all were landed, and were thence conveyed to London befoic eleven o'clock, perfectly satisfied with their day's sport, but many of them almost melted into -suet from the extreme heat of the day, which exceeded anything within our recollection. The catering of Harry llrunton, as fur as it went, was highly satisfactory, but it fell far short of the wants of the company — so much so, indeed, that not only was his storo cleared out, hut the private cellar of the steward of the ship was completely emptied, and finally every drop of fresh water on board was con-' sumed. Finally, in taking our leave of the business, ire may, without hesitation, express our opinion that it was certainly ono of the very Lest big flgutA .wo have wit nessed, and wo feel assured that it : only requires a few more such displays to raise tho fortunes of the Ring onco moro to a right position among the manly sports of tho country. ? ' . ? . A Yankbb Junou— Tho:.pthcr day a little boy was before the court for'stealing a ball of thread. ' Dischargo him,' said Judge Brownaell ; ' took it to fly his kite with, I suppose.' A inau'was brought up for stealing fat from a bullock. Ho alleged that ho stole it to grease his boots with. ' Well, then,' said the Judgo indignantly, ' why could not you cut it out of the kidney, instead of spoil, ing a whole, miijrur? Thero was plenty of loose fat lying around to giease ybiir boots with, without spoiling a quarter. Guilty: penitentiary two months.'— A nichtr- hocher. ?? . ' '? ? ? ? A U.u»omas'« Bin — A Datch journal recounts that, nt the beginning of the lnst century, the city of Anutcrihii wag iu tho hal.it of employing the Haarlem. executioner, and thnt, with a view to invs travelling eiprnscs,' it vr:is munlly contrived thnt u good many executions should be fixed for the tame day. Th'- following bill, showing ihe amount earned bj this fortunate and nidnatuking functionary ou December 17\. 1712, is preserved iu tlio archives of Amsterdam : — ' To beheading a mnn.lifl ; to hanging a man, (fi,; to breaking n map on the wheel, uino blows, nt Eft tlio blow, SJfl. ; to bunging tho same individual afterwards, CD. ; to hunting two others, with swords fctuck in their liracij, 1811. ; (o hanging «ii more, at 411. each , 21I1-; to hanging u youth, 8(1 ; to hanging two men and placarding their bren«U (N I). Tho placard! appear to have cost nothing), lCfl.; to flogging twefty fourporioni, at 8(1. each, 7v'fl,: to Hogging three other*, and fixing on their neons swords, Oil : to putting a lunn in the pillory, OS. ; to branding n man in tho back; Oil. ; sundrici, 24(l.jfor ray asiittaots, 2511 i for ropr.i, etc., 870(1. Vbrmis Kii.uxo.— Two rnt-entchors, designated by Mr. Charles Dickens tho Napoleons of the Hat Wars,'' destroyed between eight; and nine thousand each, yearly, so -we will set that down at 17,000 between them ; and these 17,000 rats would consume, the year through, as much food as would supply 1700 men with suUcnanco for the same time. But this is without nny considera tion for tho young they would produco during that pe riod, which, if we calculate, one-half to bo females, nnmoly_ 8500, and to have live litters in n yenr (that is, beginning aud ending with a litter), and to hnvo eight young ones at a birth, and tho young to brood nt six months old, then within tho twelve iuontlisthoy would produce a family of 8,060,000 strong. Then add to these tho old ones, and you have a family of rats numbering 8,077,000, which, at the wino-glass standard, would eat C161 bushels of grain daily, ana which grain would sup ply 100,928 men with n two-pound loaf each per day; or at ten ruts per man, they would cat food sufficient to supply 807,700 pjople daily.— Halt; iheir Jfhtiry. ' 