THE EXPENSES ;.>F WITNESSES AT CORONER'S INQUESTS. (From the Bendi-jo Mercury.) i We notified the other Jay, as a very disereai 5 table thing to the Government of the country i that no provision had been made for the ' payment of the expenses of tl:e wit nesses 'upon the late important inquest, although some of them had to perform a journey of 95 miles. Since then the Attor ney General h^s expressly informed the Coro ner tha1, the Government has no fund out of which to pay expenses, and we are now in formed by the Cornner himself that he has had to pay out of his own pocket £5 8s for the maintenance of one of the witnesses in Sand hurst, besides advancing him money to assist him in returning home ! j Now surely it is disgraceful to a govern ment that it should thus as it were ho-d out a premium to crime by punishing those who detect it. It is not expecting too much of human Dature to suppose that men will aive information to the police, and tender them selves as witnesses when they are thus made to feel that by performing an act of public duty they must spend their own money, lose their time, be dragged away fifty or sixty miles fiom their homes, and perhaps 1< se their employment (for we are informed that this will happen in the case of one of the witnesses on Martin Loenun's inquest.) The thing is against all reason, ?nd if we are to have the protection of law at all in this country, an end must be put to the scandal of exacting personal sacrifices such as these from men who tender their evidence in the discharge of a public duty. Here is a case of a horri ble crime, which might have been long or for ever invo ved in mystery but for the vo^n tary tend- ring .>f evidence by many indivi duals, the absence of any one of whom might have broken the chain of circumstances which at present seems complete. But let il be once iindersfiOti that witnesses in such a c.js-i will have io pay their own travelling expec ses, their own maintenance during a protracted investig.' -ion, that tbey are to Oe dragged away fr -m the if homes for a protracted period, and run the riek rf being thrown out of em}! ymenfc into the bargain, and we will take it upon oursilves tn say, that people will rot into the habit of shutiitg their eyes and -losing their ears to things and words which moy thus bring them into trouble. It is the dnty of the Government of every country to give every facility to the detection of c ime, but the security of life depends mat' rially upon the interest which individuals will t.ke in aiding the laws and bringing criminals to justice. How is it in England, wh'1! a in Palmer's cass fur instance, the ex p(":-es of the prosecution exceeded it we rc r,ember rightly £20,000 ? But here, in Australia, where is so much unoccupied bush country, the evidence even of one solitary witness may enable the law to track a crime home to its author, and do the Crown Law Officers expect that they will get such avidence when the fact becomes known that the witnesses as well aa the criminal will be punished. It is in vain to have a Eealous, active, and vigiient police, to have learned and impar tial judges, and intelligent juries, so long as the Government under such a system deter individuals Irom giving the.r aid to their laws. The present system has a tendency to close the eyes of men and shut their mouths, and we need no longer wonder that so many murders remain undetected in the colony when we find the Government of the country telling a witness that if he comes forward to i give evidence he must do it at his own peril, to his own injury, ann perhaps to his own ruin. While we are on the subject, we shoud like to know what compensation has been awarded to Dr. Hutchinson for his laborious isivestigation of the chr.rred and mangled remains of the murdered man in this case, an investigation which occupied, as we have heard, more than three days, and is perhaps the most important contribution to the science of medical jurisprudence which the colony has ever witnessed. If the mystery of this horrible murder, which has excited so general an interest throughout the colony, should be finally cleared away, the public will be under deep ! obligations to the •witnesses, who vailing y came forward, to the active and intelligent police of the district, and to the elaborate cieotific examination perform* ci by Dr. Hutchinson ; but the Govern men 'r and the law have only betn playing the pavt of ob structives, This is not a matter in which pounds, shillings, and pence, only are concerned. The safety of lifj depends upon the facilities afforded by tbe law in the way of detection as well as ofprotection, and a system of Go vernment ■which deters witnesses from volun teering evidence i3 a systen which offers impunity to crime, and we fear has c mfem d ic ia more instances than we like to think t f. ■The Buccaneers.— We have played a b;>l(i game, and,I fear, a losing one. " Pshaw!" muttered George Fitshippen. " How easily frightened you nre, Now listen, and I will put you up to the whole affair. To do so properly I must travel back a bit first • but I j will pull iip my lie way in time. Whilst at •an. Domingo I became acquainted Ifwith an Italian, a native of Genoa, of the name of Jean Bapthistie Lo'eao. This man had, like my self tried buoaneering ; but tho days of the nucoanetrs-were brought to a close; so he commenced the slave trade, got chased, and fits Captain lost ship and cargo. He then em barked on board a privateer, lying in San Domingo.. This Lot era induced me to tiy my luck in this vessel—notorious for many reasons. He aiao introduced me to the first mate a moat extraordinary devi] by name and nature. He was, he said an American by birth, and his name was William Devil. He was not a tall man, but was brop.d of chest, and his ahouldfrs were eoormo«s,andhii liml % in proportion. He wore his beard and hair, which were of a bright r,d, long and curly ; and his large neck was quite bare. William Devil and I became v.-ry great friends, and, in the end, he persuaded me ;to accept the berth.of second mate—♦he ozie who held the situation having jus; th*'h died- of Yel low Jack's embrace. /Wdl. I did "so. Now you must know that this extraordinary ves sel was. the " Terrible-" She. was built in Execution Dock, on the Thames, aud h r captain, one of the bravest follow^ in exist ence, was an Englishman,and his.name Death, ana, to complete our complacent of Strange names, the. young surgeon we had was named Ghost—and jolly he was, by Jove. So we had amongst U3 Death, Devil -and John Ghost " Why, what on earth are you talking about ?' interrupted the astonished attorney. " Whv I am spinning you a true yam, Brother Fleece" men retwned the Buccaneer, with a laugh; and florivhing the buttle of wine, and opening an other—" I am in the humour for old wine and ell y-rns." Now Mr Fleeeem liked old wire a;so, hut he rather dreaded his brother in-law wi;eu he had been drinking ; there/ore he permitted his strange, sometimes-'-terrible gueet, to have his own way. •' I wish Robert, ycu had been on board the ' Terrible,'in our action, of San Domingo—sixteen of th8 crew left with only eight legs among them." "God formd f ejaculated the a;toi-ney very seri ously "Ah! Every man to his liking. |How evor, bt ins hfave-a-head. With a "splendid ship and a jolly crew,ana three such redoubt able names as Death, Devil, and John Ghost we fully expected to do something glorions We put to F.ei, and in a fe w weeks we fell in wifh a larre.French ship, from St. Maloea ■ and after a ah rp fight we took her. Captain Death put fsrty men on board the prize and steered for Old England; But luck "was not on ous side this time—for, shortly atVr, we were chased by a large frigate, which ' our captain knew was ike •' Yengea ce," of thirty siv guns. She captured our priza wHhou' much trouble. We tried to get awjy frum her—but she out-sailed us: So old Death and Peril determined to give thorn a belly-iull fi\ow, my lads,' says our brave old ccm mat de, 'Death i* rny name. Death and gl ny and no surrender. Three cheeia m hearties—sing out.' Death and glory.' aii'l three chee.ts, pealed o^er the ccsan, such as only could, proceed iY;m English throats We alt striped to the waist,, tying a red ha^d ksrebief round our loins, r.nd to vrcxk we Went with a will. Our wize being manned / rom the crew of the f Vengeance,' b;.th shins bore down upon us. TV e returned their first broadside—which unfortunately, shot'away our mainmast, Still old Death cheered us on, and we biaized away at the two ships, like a legion rf fiends, for five mortal hoursj Satil our deals and fchs leAs < { the Ven geance,' ' were covered with the dead and the I dying. iVe suuk the other by a fortunne 1 bioadside, but still the frigate .'was a feaiful adyarsary. Our decks were slippery with the blood that flowed out thn*u"h our I scuppers. The French Commandcr, and his I First Lieutenant were both slain. Our brave ! Captain Deuth was nearly cut in two by a chain shot The surgeon John -Ghost, as gallant a fallow as ever lived, was shattered to atoms by a twelve pound b.ill ; and, with Devi.', still fighting with a dozen hnnds—we were like a pack of fiends,coverei with Wood 6m ok a and gunpowder. Sixteen of our crew Jay upon the deck, with each the Joes of a le<* Baptistie Lotero was lying nearly dead, with the slash of a cutlass, for thsy boarded us at hist ■ and though I was bleeding from a dozen flesh wounds, I still, with the remnant rf our gallant crew, made a stand, till a mus keu ball stretchfd n;e, also, senseless in a pcol of blood. A fter the fight -was over, there wa3 only eight-an.s-toenry of us left alive; an I the vestige of a stick left standing in in the ship, whilst the *' Vengeance ' was so shattered ana mauled, and knocked to pieces by our shot,, that sl.e couid scarcely tow us into Port Louis, in I *'r .the tin>e, with mv comrades, " l'liivm Devil and Jean Baptistie L uero. You Mi} gueiS it wp- not easy to forget aa inti macy begun aud ended in so striking a fush A Youthful Travjbiler.—A irood de.-il cf curiosity was excited among ihe^ passengers at the Central station oo Monday eveni::c°bv the arrival, in the 7,46 irain from Kind's cross, of a little girl with a sawn label bearing the following inscription The child s grandmother, Mrs ,Pipewel'-r, ,fc,, Gateshead, frill be onthe platform at the'W t. Newcastle, to receive it.' Th° caild was in excellent spirits after her dpv's l. < L rG the ban'llinS of the bystanders — ail of whom insisted on reading the sin.*ul»r label-with great good humour and composure XJnfoi'Lunately the grand-dame had been it the station on Sunday evening inquiring fL the little traveller, and on this occasion w->« not present.. The child, however, ev^d no hr Plf •grlet10r d.lsaPP°iu'mftit cn finding herself quite alone m so strange i v\icd mr) t.-otted off to the station-mastei's office to .await thearrival of the grandmotherappnrentlv Sw-ruseJ t,,ao Suspicious Doings in the Aberchojibie Mountains —About the tactee end of last month as Captain B^ttye, accompanied by a few oi bis force, was scouring the wild country coinpris2rl within the Abercrombie Mountains in quest of evil- doers, they camn upon a substantial built stockyard in one of the., fastnesses of that region, familiarly de signated by the name, ' Hell's Hole, ' and so situatsd that cattle oDce got within a rea sonable distance of it could not, from the nature of the ground, possibly escape to • the right or left. At ihe time of the discovery the yard contained about 50 head of cattle, half of which were unhranded, and the rest | bearing various brauds, apparently in charge i of two men, u-nned George Rosa and Thomas i Guest, residents of KaBgloola Creek. As j these men. disclaimed proprietorship, there was nothing left, for it but to turn the cattle lo .se again into the buEh, which was done, : the capts»ia not having sufficient; assistance with him to drive tb em to pound. The next step was to destroy the stockyard—a log one, constructed upon the American principle, the posts of which were chopped down wi'.h axes, and the logs cut up into lengths and burnt. Proceedings, we are informed, will be instituted against these men under ihe Crown Lands Act for illegal occupation. For soma time past a flourishing trade hasbe;u done in t'uebeef business on the neighbour ii.g diggings by the denizens of tae rugged region in which the stockyard was situated, and tha matter of ownership is supposed to be a v< ry uncertain and promiscuous one. But as Gap tain Battye haB let a little official _ daylight into the savage solitude of the ravines and p-saes -vi h wbicli the "Ab?rorombie ranges rtbou'-'";, -I'ld promises to pny them an occa sional vitib Jthe whole ale c.itile stealing which, has been uring on th- reabouts for num. wi'S is likely to sustain a check, a fac:. at winch. the stockholder's of the neigh bourhood -will in 110 wise bo disgusted.— ' Bathufit Free Pree. ' A "Wild Bullock.—Yesterday afternoon, a bullock, evidently escaped from one of the slaughter-houses, took" possession of the. Go vernor's enclosed faddock, which drew a uumVev of people to tha Domain gate to wit ness the beast's evolutions. Two policemen soon appeavd with guns, which seemed to ex cite the suspicion of (he animal, who, to evade its pursuers, made a rush to the other end of the paddock. After following him about for some time, the policemen suc ceeded in getting three or four shots, one of which struck him near the nose. The bullock made a suA aeress the paddock, through the guard gate, down Bridge-street, into George street, from thence to Clarence-street and b'iek to George-street, which ha kept in up to the Glebe, much to the alarm of pedes trians. During his _ perambulation alopg George-street he perfpripeS several exploits— the firat was opposite the Police-office, where be charged a policeman who was endeavour ing to get him into the polio? yard ; opposite the Benevolent Asylum he knocked a boy off his pony, butting the latter several times, but f >riunnte'y without injury to either ; the next opponent waa the iron letter receiver in P- rramatta-sfcreet, with which lie was much, enraged, but finding it too strong, he rushed nt a Ehop door, knocking over a bag of pota toes, several boxes, anp other- things. Here he rested himself in a water-hole, at the- back of Tuoth'B brewery. After receiving a ehower of stones be became JnUcp infuriated, and took revenge upon anotherxaan on horseback, knoching the horse and rider over—the man escaped by getting over a feaoe, but the borne was very severely punished; not satisfied with this, he then charged the waistcoats of some workmen, which were hanging on a fence, and mutilated them with his horns and feet. The beast was eventually safely secured in a paddock at Newtown.—' Goulbutn Herald, ' Quick Work.—It will bo remembered by some of our readers that in the latter end of March last a builder named Martin Page ab sconded. froru the coLony, leaving a eoubidt-r able amount of debts unpaid. He was de clared insolvent, and his wife confessed that she had the second of a bill on London for £500,, which her worthy spouse had endorsed over to her. This she endorsed and gave up to the official assignee, who took it to the Commercial Bank, by whom it was drawn. By this time time it was ascertained that Page had sailed from Melbourne in the ship Maidstone, and there was some fear that he might reach London before the mail Victoria, then about to sail. The manager, however, sent the second of Exchange home, with instructions to pay it immediately on re ceipt, if the first had not been accepted, and notwithstanding the delay of the mail until nearly a fortnight after it was due, on its ar rival on the 16th June nothing had been heard of the first. The second was accord ingly paid, and advice of the payment having been received by the European, the proeeeds are now in the hands of the official assignee for the benefit of the creditors. "We should like to see a photograph of Mr. Page's face when he presents the bill at the bank, and is politely told by the clerke it hag been already paid. We fear it will materially diminish the pleasure he must have anticipated from his trip to Europe.—Sydney Herald. An Important Expbkihent.—It has often been remarked that the roads through the oujiferous districts are literally "paved with gold," and instances have been chronicled by the goid fields' newspapers of discoveries o'f valuable specimens in quartz used for metal ing our highways. Not long aero we were sliowri by a road overseer a matchbox till of small specimens, which he had gathered from trie quartz quarries whore the material jor road making «as obtained. The proprietor of a machine at 'i'crada'e purchased several heaps cf quartz tiinfc had be?!i brok'-n up for laying on the roads, ami produced fioaj it an rvver a^e of fcwn ounce * t"> tile ton. cme months o»o the surfare of lUs road in Barker's Creek war scraped by sc.rue midnight depredatory wh.s found it more ground to dust by care v,-heels than to wash the adjacent alluvial soil Such cases might be multiplied indu-Suate y, where ver quartz has be;,-n used in roadmakiu-j., and the frequency and universality of their o.cur rency ,le:uis to the belief that th-.'re is no quaatz in the colony lhat is nor.-auriferous This opinion is strengthened by the results | o: an experiment made on Monday, by Mr j Finnic, at Cameron and Bradshaw's assay 3 office, the particulars of which have been J communicated to us by Mr. Richard Capper. | that gentleman w&sinvftod; to inspect Mr Kin nie's experiments o:i quartz, and being dea- ! irous of witnessing the waole uivc'ss, fetched a piece of quartz weighing about one pound ( from the road in Camppcll-street. Mr. Fin nic subjected seven ounces of this quartz 11 his process, and produced from it 1$ grains o£ gold. More than ordinary care w.-.a used in the experiment, and Mr Capper expresses his firm conviction that the seven ounces of quartz did contain the proportion of go d found, and I thai itivvas ,ot produced by accident or care lessness during the prscess. It will be readily j understood of what vast imoouance it is that j a means of cheaply and perfectly extracting j gold should be provided. The experiment under notice occupied several hours, aud the ' result ui gO'd Dure a most inadequate propor tion to the amount of labour, but huppoee .Sir Finnie had means at command to have op erated in the same time on several tons of dua?tz of the same material, and the gold had maintained a proportion as there is every reason to believe it would, he would have pro duced 16 025. to the ton. And which, to all exteru-.'-l appearance, is worthless, except for road making ! ISTot the slightest appea'ance Ot gold could be detected in the piece operat ed on, even by the application of a very pow erful microscope. It has been intimated that the known auriferous quar;z of the colony aver.-iged 1 ozto the ton. If it coulci ultimately proves that apparently non-'.unferjus quartz contains the proportion of gold indicated by Mr Fen nie's experiment, a 1 the treasures of the civilized world do not equal in value the quartz reefs-of Victoria ! Oh for Bome man to solve the problem of the extraction of gold from quartz.—If. A.Mail, 20th. An Affecting Romance.—A short time ago a black fellow in this locality, being only possessed of one gin, and believing, like Mahomadans and Mor mons, in plurality of wives, went some way down the river, aud by stratagem contrived to steal a gin from a neigh boring hostile tribe, and brine her in safety to his own camp, where occa sional applications of the nulla nulla and other waddies soon made her express perfect satisfaction with her new abode. After a short period had elapsed, the gentleman met with an accident, which had the tffect of breaking his collar bone ; the two gins vied with each other in paying him particular atten tion, and condoling with him on the sad event ,* the new gin—who, by the bye, had the honor of being called by the elegant name of Tinker—was ex tremely grieved at the dreadful accident which had befallen hev kind husband, and professed undying love end attach ment to him. Like many other noble and distinguished personages she, how ever, played a double parti and secret- ! ly sent word to her own tribe that her ' brutal enemy was by an accident dis abled from using his spt-ars. The hir.t was quickly taken, hei- friends came up by night and boldly tcok her away from her invalid lord, of whom? had he been well, they would have stood in much fear. So we see that the wicked man was justly punished, and the in nocent heroine was restored with joy and gladness to her disconsolate friends ; , may she live happily froin tbifl time forth, and se'vc: as an example to im~ prebs upon the minds of the men and women of her tribe this invalmble ad vice, ' da not ii? rash but wait your ■ ppirtumty,'—Yass Courier. Fatal Accident. - On Friday mor ning last an accjdent resulting' fatally, occurred on the Johns on's Reef, .Californian, Gully. It appeaVB tbut a man named Ebner Kilymack was being lowered do ,vn the shaft bv his mate, ! Thorn--. 6 Honeychurch, for the purpose : <■{ letting- off a bias', when an iron bucket fell down on his he;'.d. He was quickly hoisted, and the assistance of Dr. Story ail la I ia. The man lingered until Saturday, when death terminated his sufferings. Dr. Story stated his death to be occasioned by concussion of the brain. A magisterial enquiry will be he'd this day, at the Manchester Arms, in the absecca of the Coronet1, Dr. Roche, who wil! be engaged at an inquest at Barrow'3 Hotel, on the Campaepe.—' Bendigo Advertiser/ Threatened Strike of Swells. —We understand that the men enga.. ged on the visiting- lists of the princi pal persons of fashion, have come to an unanimous determination to strike if their demands are not immediately complied with. They require instant reform and retrenchment in the present rediculously and monstrously ugly dres ses of ladies, and unless this request is forthwith granted, and the enormous skirls and flounces, which disgust and incommodate them, are curtailed with out delay, they will refuse to dance either with any girl they know, or whom they may be introduced to" by anybody whomsoever. It remains tu be seen whether these concessions will be made to intiniidauon and quizzical force, which has been for so long r pariotl obstinately denied to reason and taste.—' London Punch.' How IS IT THAT GrIRLS CAN AlWil'S tell a Mahried Man from a Single One?—The1 (na is indisputable. Black wcod says thut "the fact of matrimony or bachelorship is written ?o legibly in a man's appearance that no ingenuity can conceal it. Every where there is some inexplicable in stinct that tells us whetheran individual (whose name, fortune, and circumstan ces are totally unknown) be, or bu not a married tnu<. Whether it is a certain subdued look, such as that which characterises the lions in a menageue, and distinguishes them from the lords of the desert, we cannot tell ; but the truth is so, we positively affirm." It' a young lady is unable to spoit a a riding hahit, she should adopt walking habit. Two Revivals in America.—For the strangest and most contradictory phenomena of our times, we must look to the new world, where we see sotne of the noblest fruits of civilisation and Christianity growing side by sido with some cf the most poisonous products of human depravity* and each ^attaining a development unknown among most of the nations of Europe. In the United States ye see freedom and equalitv on the grandest scale ever known in a political community—together with the colossal and horrid form of slavery. We see religion, self-sustained, ■ pulling forth mighty efforts for the conversion of the heathen, together v/kh a Mammon* warship so po v<*rful that it is heathenizing whole p pu'a vion of Christian*. We a«e the Pn; i t mic morality of New England, toge ther with Uia Maiiomedan licentious css9 of the Mormon Utah. We see industry no far as regards commercial j intercourse, fVeeat in the Slave States,! and moot Utteied in the Free Stiies. We see eras of overblown prosperity interrupted by -epochs of general ruin. We see a law-enforced education aud a j i iv.--ui',foi'ced ignorance. We see a Pr'/sa as tyrannical as it is Vteeutiou<. ! We see a Congress exc^llt'd by no j ether Legislature ia intellectual vigour, j but in which the best statesmen are liable to be prostrated by the bludgeon, , or silenced b? the revolver. We step. c:ide of laws, in some respects, the best, and in others the wo/st in the world, la Virginia, the birth-place and home of freedom, we see the most diabolical find increditable form of s>!;m?ry—-that in which freemen breed slaves and seil their own offspring. On the field o; j Kansas we see the missionaries of liberty I grappled fiercely by the missionaries of slavery. And now, at thh present j moment, we sec in the Uaited States two great movement* of. an opposite character, namely a respectable revival of religion, together with a still more marvellous reviv =1 of these exfcsabl^ ' slave state.-—Prom the " United Metho dist Free Churches i'.iagazine," for May. 1858. Description of a Scoundrel.— •' That scoundrel ; he'd sharpen a knife upon bis father's tombstone, to kill his mother." Out to Sea.—Yesterday one of the fishermen's boats and men had a narrow escape of being carried out to sea. A violent gale from the westward came on while the men were fishing near the Lawrence Rocks; and they were seen to be driving out in spite of all their efforts to pull on shore. The danger was perc.ived to be so imminent that the Harbor blaster's boat pulled out to render§ assistance ;aand afterwards the Lady Bird steamer steamed oat to the rescue. The Lady Bird brought the boat home in tow ; and the men fortu nately escaped a watery grave, having been in their perilous situation for six or eight hoars.—' Portland Guardian.' Remarkable Trial and Singular Judgment.—The trial ot- Hardesty for the shooting of Grubb occupied three j days of last week at Burlington, in Boone county, Kentucky* It will be remembered that a sister of Hardesty was seduced by Grubb, and that Hardesty told the seducer that ha would give him six months in which to m&ke; his choice between marrying the girl and being killed. The six months expired, and Grubb not having matritd the girl, Hardesty met him, and on s;ght shot him. The evidence show, d that Grubb was armed. also in expecta tion of the attack, but was shot in the act of drawing his weapon. The trial WI.S ended last Thursday, and ibe verdict of the jury was *'Not Guihy." The following: is the substance of ihe judgment pronounced by Judge Nutall upon the verdict of not guilty by the jury in behalf of Hardesty '« Sir— You have been indicted by a grand j ju.-y of y ur country upon a most < heinous chargf.. You have put yourself | upon your country and your God for ■■deliverance. You have hud a fair and impartial trial before them, and they have both pronounced you not guilty, and so say I. I; may not be proper for me to express my sentiments, yet nevertheless I will do it. Young man, had I been wronged as you have been, I would have spent every dollar I had on e-nth, and all that I could have begged and borrowed, and then starved upon the track of the villian, but I would have embrued my hands in his blood. Go hence without fear. .You are acquitted."—" Louisville Courier." Caution to Par&kts; —On Satur day last a little girl, about three years of age, in wandering amongst the holes at Kang -.voo Flat, slipped on the slimy ground and fell into one in which there was a considerable quantity oi water. Fortunately, a digger witness ed thcooccurrence and rescued the child It is truly surprising that rao?e acci dents ,j£of a similar nature do not oc« cur.—'Bendigo Mercury.' Never Despair.—The following incident in the life of a digger oc curred to the writer's knowledge a few days since. A hatter, who had been working in cue of the old sullies branching from Kangaroo Flat until he was sick- at- heart and empty in pocket, resolved to leave it., but previous to removing his tub and cradle, he determined to try one last hole on a spot of around which appear ed to be solid. On sinking he found that... .only a portion v;as solid, but that.portion yielded a ^'nugget, -weigh- 1 ing nineteen pennyweights, while the tub of stuff turned out something over five olinces.—'Bendigo Mercury.' 'Statis Trials is Francb.—At the Paris tribunal of Correctional police, on the 4th, fourteen men \vcre tried for having formed a secret political- society for the assassination of the Emperor and the overthrow of the Government. It was proved, and not denied by some of the accused, that the society existed that it was in communication with re fugees in London ; and that its iuten" tioa was" to make an aU4itr.pt on the Emperor and create insurrection in the early part of March. The bast mode of assassinating the Emperor had been discussed in the society, and the con - clusion come to was that his Majesty's carriage should be stopped when he wa3 out driving, and that then he should be attacked and killed. Three of the accused were acquitted, and the rest were condemned to fines of from £5 to £\5> and to periods of imprison ment varying from one month to eigh teen months, besides five years" inter diction of civil rights. The accused w:re all, with one exception, work men. Thk Jews in Constantinople.— The Jewish population may be gener ally divided into two great sections, the Spanish and Polish-German Jews. The Spanish speaking section socially par tr.ke of the nature of other Oriental* 3.1 their tendency to be little effected by the lapse of time. No one can deny that this tendency has, humanly speak ing, an indirect influence on> the state ,v,id religion of a people. The Polish Geruien Jews, on the other hand, have undcrgone important changes ; and con sidering their position becomes, in the eyes of the missionary, more and more interesting. JNIonywh.o soma fifteen years ago gained tlitir livel hoed by shoe-blacking are no v respectable fathers of families in possession of wealth, and, with that aptitude for im provement so peculiar to the nation, have attained to a considerable degree of refinement. I know myself several snch, who maiotuin risprjetabie con nexions with mercantile and manufac turing establishments in England, France, Germany, and Amcrfc •. A:vdn fifteen or twenty years ago, the Ger man speakingJeivs were in a state of social and religious disorganisation. The Turks ooktheoa for foreigners, and the foreign powers disowned them. Thei>- Spanish brethern considered them as infidels rnd apotttuc-e. They h;>d neither rabbi, synagogue, nor r ligious institution. Now, however, things are different ; many are formed into some thing like religous communities wit'i a rabbi a ttheir head, ar d have regular places of worship.—' Jewish Intelli gence.' A Plea fo;i Man.—We have often heard and ruad of s P'tris fnr wema;:.' but at th. INa.iona1 Wi-iaan'b Right Con vention in New York on Tuuvg l:y; a Set.or Maraque, who is described a^ a tali, lank m.'.n, with de:-p lLes upon his countenance, claimed to be heard in defence of the male sex :—He said he must dissent from what Mrs Furmham h.dsaid. She claimed that woman was superior to man. He was willing to admit that womria was equal to man' hut when the claimed to be hie superior she asked too much, and dampened the hopes of all the rising generation. (Laughter, applause, hisses, and cries of" Who has claimed it?") Woman, Si': id Ik, can be the saviour, but not the gud of.min. And on,} 'of the greatest t-vils that can happen is to have a wo man claim to be a-hea'l of the. na~:n. I kif.w what tlttgia'/'om bi ter expei% euce. (Uproarious laughttr . arid ' ap plause) I am very glad, gentlemen^ for your applause. No man Itas suffer ed more than I from tyrannical usur pation ot agwoman. (Renewed laughter stamping of feet, clapping of hands,• and cries of 'Give us our experience.') There is nothing so good as experiau'r ral knowledge, and telHl you,,gentlemen, I know what it is. When woman be comes to lord it over man the earth will be a scene of riot, bloodshed, con fusion, wretchedness and suffering, ii j am a judge ; and who knows if not those who have experienced the tyranny of a woman. Suicide by a Boy in Chester Castle.—On Wednesday afternoon a distressing suicide was committed in Chester Castlfe, by a b.iy twelve ye;\rs old. The deceased, Thomas Littler, w;-.s the son of a labouring man, at Sea combe, On Saturday week he committed some act of which he was to he punish ed, and to escape such punishment he lelt the house, and did net return till the next day.J|Soon after his return, a police officer apprehendeu c'>rge ol finvinjf stolen a writ. n,d ihree bo! lies of wine, a chaib r v. h ch the lad d«flied. On Mond^ (week), the d-ceased was tok2n before the Walseby magistrates, and commit ted for twenty-one days to Chester Castle, where he arrived on Monday afternoon. On T uesday he was dpeely distressed, and begged to he allowed to go home and see h'8 mother, who was taken seriously ill on Sunday, when he was apprehended, and has remained, so ever since. The officers of the prison endeavoured to sooth the la : ; but hi3 grief at not being with I1I3 mother could not be alleviated. On Wednes day morning he had a fit ;■ at twelve • o'clock he ate his dinner, an 1 at three o'c'ock Mr, Wright, the dep; .v-go veruor, saw Uim in his cell. Soon after this time the fa:al act must ■: ave been committed ; for, when the officer went to the cell at six o'clock wua tea the poor boy was found dead, suspended : irona a hook in the wall. On 1 slate in the cell he°had written a letter to hia parents, saying that he would die if they did not coine to see him. An inquest was held on Thursday. The: evidence went to show that the lad was driven to distraction by the separation from hia mother, and a verdict was returned that the deceased destroyed himself' whilst in a state of temporary insanity, induced by exc3S3ive grief.—'Chester Chronicle.' Singular and Serious Accident. - —OnjSaturday afternoon, an accident, of>a singular nature occurred on John Lodge> Bradford* by which t'.vo or three •;< persona were seriously injured. The house has a cellar fcitciien. and in the house'kitchen above several persona' 'haet:i' assembled i'or the funeral, we believe of" Nr?. Lndge. The coffin and corps were placed ready, for being carried out, and .. the company were about to commence singing a hymn previous to the'r re moval. when one of the large fhgs of the 'floor, which had not previou.-Iy been in any degree cracked, give way and six or ihe company were preci pitated into the kitchen below. The Lrge flf.£ ihus brokth went down at" the same lime, and fell upon Maty Taylor and Manh'iAnn Lodge. The former hud one of her legs broken, and • her ankle joint put out; whilst the litter had one of her leg3 severely crasher. A corner of the flag also siruck n girl seven or eight years old across the upper lip, inflicting a severe contusion. Oa inspecting the flag and the floor the cause of the accident was at once apparent. Though above six feet long, it w?s little more than two inches tbick, and oi every inferior qu'-viitv ; and e.icb end simply rested upon "a beam, havbg no support what ever in the centre. All who fell through were move or less iejured ; but, with the exception of the two y uug women named, none of them, very seriously.-English Paper. Bakbarous Mukder hhar New castle.— A terrible affair took at Saint Anthony's, Newcastle-on Tyne, about, one o'clock ou Sunday morning. John Cario, nn Irishman, and a hbourer at Walder fuc'.ory, with six or sesen other men. after leaving a public hoube, were approaching Saint Anthony's, .when a collision took place between them and anothet party. A pistol-was fited at oae of them- and*. O n-in wns dreadfully wounded in t« o places on the neck and undir the ear* . He died alav«r. imaiccUa:ely. Five', men had beau apprehended. Four of them were -wounded, and a pistol .ap~. parently recently discharged was found in the housra of the fifth.— English Paper#. • 0hinkskGratituDS.^The Campbell Creek correspondent of .the ' M. A. Mr.il, coniiT uuicates the following in teresting anecdote A- pleasing im* stance of good feeling and gratitude on the part of a poor Chinaman cams, to my knowledge this week ; and as I often have occasion to l^ive John a rap on tbs nnckles, when he deserves censure, it is only fair that he should Slave the benefit of au net trueiy praise* worthy. About a raonsh since a Chinese digger limped into Mr. Mur* ray's storey and while there seemed to be in grettf pain. On askirg the cause o! his Sameness the Chiaairiao pointed to a l,\ii,a ulcer, as big as haii a crown, which hud formed a deep hole in is leg. Tr>c wound w.is in a fearful condition, E nd through dirt and neglect was in the incipient sage of mortification.* He said that .-otiie doctor had off-red'to cure the ii-jurj/ fur £103 but he was wholly vni-iiile ti• pay such a sum, s>nd Tp;i.s ifrrki hi- should lose the limb. Mrs. Mu ray-ie. ing the unfortunate fellow's posiiioa (like the Samaritan) had com passion <111 him, and jaid she thought she could heal tba - wound, 5n the collide of tvyo or three weeks, by en forcing- strict cleurfftiess and' the re plication of some b'uestjue and dya chylon plaster, the proud flesh was, re-. nffoVed, and a healthy granulation "*suc-' ceedcd. Nature effected the r^ot, and the diseased leg became sound as the oth-r, but an indentation about half an inch drep rem-n red to aite t the severity of the injury. The gratitude ot the Chinaman 10 this kind. uurso was re uiy touching, and proved that despite his unprepossessing louks and outlandish'ways, l}e w^s quite as sensr.: ble jof kiii(lqes3 as a European. The ■ palientand his friends insisted on giving Mrs. Murray some pecuniary compen sation, butofcours: this was declined. . Retold her tha- he should r/rite to his. ( mGther and sister.-: in Canton, and in foitn thecn of her benevolence to a ' stranger ; and a few days after he brought her, as a present, a "ham and some wine and brandy. The gift was refused also, but was pressed upon her acceptance so stTongly that see could not resist his importunity ; and this wa8 not ail, for the Chinaman took her also the first piece of gold that he found when hs was able to dig, and desired her to wear it ia the shape of a breast pin. At the same time he brought a placard written in Chinese characters, and requested tbat it might be hung in the shop window. I have not heard the testimonial translated, but no doubt it rufis something Hke this: —" Mr. «nd Mrs. Murray, very good inaivand *-omun-—very good boot and. shoe, and Chinaman's leg- better tthan doctor Nothing." ~ 