WILL OF THE DUCHESS OF, ORLEANS. ! This remarkable and hitherto unpublished document has recently been proved at Doctor's Commons. It is dated < Eisnnbach, Jan. 19 1855,' and commences. \- ' This is my will In torquatus of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. be dying I commend my soul to God, and in the name of Jesus Cb) ist I implore His infinite mercy, praying Him to receive me in the eternal abode, there to reUnited me to those for whom I have mourned upon this earth. I leave my maternal blessing to my beloved sons, and pray the Lord to guide them through this life, to give them prosperous days, and to grant them eternal felicity when they shall have nobly fulfilled their death over here below. I bid them hero a last adieu, whilst thanking them for the happiness they have contributed to my existence. I entreat the Queen to accept the last expression of my respectful gratitude. I bid farewell to my mother, to whom I owe so much; to my brothers and sisters, for whom I have ever felt sincere affection to my mother's family. WTIORO tender hospitality has lightened the bitterness of exile of my sons and myself; to my friends and servants, whose fidelity in the midst of misfortune has inspired me with a painful attachment; and. finally, I bid fare- well to France, which I have loved so much, and where the happiest years of my life have glided away. I recommend my sons never to forget that the for or God is the beginning of all wisdom, that it is" a guide and beacon in prosperity, and a stay amidst misfortune; to remain ever faithful to the precepts of their political? childhood, and continue steadfast likewise in their faith. May they observed both by their con- stancy in adversity and exile and by their fi mness and devoted patriotism when the course of events shall restore them to their country. May France, restored to her dignity and liberty, may constitutional France reckon among them to defend her honour. her grandeur, and her interests, and may she find once more in them the wisdom of their grandfather and the chivalrous qualities of their father. They should ever bear in mind the political principles which have made the glory of their house, which their grandfather faithfully observed upon the throne, and which their father, as his will and testament bears witness, had ardently adopted. His last directions have been the guiding rule of their education. In quitting this world I recommend my children to the Queen. My beloved son the Count de Paris, will attain his majority the moment my will shall take effect; yet notwithstanding this. I count upon the moral influence of the Queen and upon her respected authority to replace me in his counsels. I likewise reckon upon her maternal solicitude in entreating her to accept the guardianship of my beloved son, the Duke de Chartres. Such duty will not, I trust, appear to her too onerous, for I beg my brother to egoist the Queen in the administration of the fortune of their nephews. I know full well the feelings which animate them for the children of their deplored brother, and I am sure that they will at all times testify towards them a sincere affection. I charge my arms to remain ever closely united ; the indissoluble union of the two brothers forming the condition of their strength and mutual happiness. I desire that my eldest son shall from the day that his legal majority permits him, take part in the family council appointed to watch over the interests of his younger brother. It is also my desire that those tried and faithful friends who have surrounded my sons, and who, after having been the devoted adherents of their father, have never ceased to give us proofs of attach- ment in adversity, will still continue to remain about them. The will proceeds to revoke certain testamentary deeds and the Duchess declares her wish that every thing within her right of disposal be divided equally between her two sons, the Count de Paris and the Duke de Chartres. Articles of jewellery and verse were then enumerated, certain of them being allotted to each of the shops. The terms in which those trinkets are bestowed hove a touching effect. To the Count de Paris is assigned, in the language of the lamented Princess, 'mr pearl necklace in four rows, which he will, I trust, one day give to the Countess de Paris;' to the Duke de Chartres also a numbered jewels, which, says the deceased lady, I hope may be worn by a Duchess de Chartres. The will pre ceeds: " Besides the foregoing articles, I bequeath IS souvenirs to the Count de Paris the large portrait of his father, by Ingres; the marble bust of his father, by Tablet ; the large picture of The Iron Gates.' by Damsel ; the small picture of the ' Col de Woolahra by Phillippoteaux ; all his father's manuscripts, papers, letters, small notebooks, as well as his father's letters addressed to myself. I know that he will always look upon these papers as a precious treasure, and I believe that he will one day be enabled to use them with discrimination, so as to make known the character of him whom France has mourned without even being aware of all his merit. I leave him the portraits of my two mothers; the water-colour, by Winterhalter, representing the Queen with the children of the Duke de Nemours ; the old portrait of the Duke de Chartres, by Winterhalter; the fine pointed ordered by my sister-in-law, the Duchess of Wurtemberg," for the Duke d'Orleans ; two of the albums, containing his father's drawings ; the . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Psyche,' which was presented to me by the city of Paris on occasion of my marriage ; the equestrian statuette, in bronze, of his father, upon a pedestal of black marble; the large pendula of Breguet, which struck the hour of his birth, as well as the chimney ornaments belonging to it; the enamelled box containing his father's watch and several other souvenirs; the case containing the seal and silver-gilt knives which I always use ; one-half the Ano engravings of his father's portrait, by Ingres ; the small water-colour of the Duke d'Orleans on horseback, copied from H. Vernet ; one of my four beautiful fans ; my marriage fan, in filagree, which has been used also by the Queen ; bis coral, which all the Queen's children have likewise used ; my bracelet, containing a portrait of his father, intended for his wife; my carved praying desk, containing his father's mask; roy papers, letters, small books of causes, which I have left in England ; his father's sword, which he wore on the day of his death, and the palm which was presented to him by his division on his return from the Iron Gates I bequeath as souvenirs to the Duke de Chartres the equestrian portrait of the Duke d Orleans, by De Dreum ; the small portrait of his father by Ingres ; the large picture of the . Col de Teniah',' by H. Verne'; the head, in marble, of his father, copied from the Mausoleum of Triquetty the watercolour of the Queen, by Winterhalter'; my portrait, by Henriques Dupont; the furniture of mv desk (inkstand, pen- holder, and blotting-bookin silver-gilt) ; the miniature of his godmother; my small watch ; the ' carpet.' 'is tortoiseshell and gold, adorned with family portraits; one of my four beautiful painted fans; the bravery! adorned with his portrait and that of his father, intended for the Duchess de Chartres ; the water colour of Eugene Teams, representing the Review of the Chasseurs d'Orleans at the Tujjerlos, 1840 ;: the large portrait of the Count de Paris when an Infant, by Winterhalter ; two of the albums containg drawings of the Duke d'Orleans ; the other half of the engravings of the portrait of his father, by Ingres ; the triumphal arch of Djimilab, by Dauaata ; my Alexandre organ r my marriage Corneille; and an equestrian statuette, in bronze, of his father, with the two bronze vases which accompany it." In conclusion, the Duchess of Orleans charges her sons to continue annuities to the faithful friend of their father, M. de Boismilon; to Madame de Boniems, formerly governess to the testatrix; to M. Kennccbe, her tutor; to Madame Gassner, and J several attached Servants.. who appoints . M. Fremyp her attorney) executor, desiring her- sons -to present" him with a diamond ring" the value of SOOOf. The closing sentences, of this will are:.e».fjr>Uow"s;-j ' Whatever the place of exile where my" days [may close, and whatever the tomb I may happen. to find I request roy sons, and in their default, my below, to have my remains conveyed to France whenever our family may return to ft, there to deposit them in the mortuary chapel of Dreux, beside the tomb of my husband. I here close ' my last will with an assurance of pardon to all such as may have offended or afflicted me, and with an entreaty to all those 1 nmy-ia.my torn have offended or passed, not to retain the memory thereof. My last words are fat and beloved season prayer and, a blessing,' ' " " ". The judge of the Ksighlev Win ' say has decided thatperambltoraÄ/ä* nary luggage. TOl 0ï«* The Era gives currency to a mass generally current that Mr. A wT^ become lessee of the Princess's Theatre a retirement of Mr. Charles Kean in june Amongst the most popular of our LJ * entertainments for some years past I , lery of Illustrations, withfrhe'e£L£e all Mr andMrs.GermU Read {£S£S£« Horton), has held a conspicuous part rtV' just closed for the season. On the last -. T after the curtain fell, Mr. and Mrs. EW* called before the audience. The^,»6* descended a second time, and the audience began to leave, when Mr. Reed ran 220 on to the platform, and, in a comic S addressed the audience in the folWinea2 speech:-- Hewat MTPA's run*wa^LadjM««,iOentlemen, Iies to make a speech. Now I detest lons McVie. mud. at anybody can, and am SWMWWIÄ," atmyauoacity m thus detaining yon, forvoTrÍJÍ be tired of bearing and seeing me. Why Vonld v'' behave it, I can scarcely credit it myself &" upwards of one thousand and forty nights is a. trying to compose an opera for your amusement .!! as often failed, because you laughed soffiSSsS when Mrs. Reed persecuted and interrupted me is the way, I should have brought my wife before I. now. but when once a lady begins to talk there's no stopping her; now I don't mean to detain you a moment, but every public office has its auditing of accounts, and I want you to Miss "" There is a heavy debtor and creditoracannVt hatS fectedly thank you, in the name of my wife ." j myself; for the capital yon have sunk former adverse tage. We've been drawing on you now IT iiT years and during the whole of that time you've JJ, once dishonoured our Lill, ornate,, mB "JJ?? wise. We have very large bill transaction. iA establishment; our six months' issue (in the London season) is considerably in excess of a million sheets of paper 11 and such is the confidence which vim (our liberal patrons have in those bills of yellow ;"3 blue), that I cannot allow this. our last night To D". over without saying ladies and-- p Here Mrs. Reed suddenly made her appearance, constantly interrupting Mr. Reed in his address; persisting in having the last word of every sentence. They then stated that their town house would be closed after that night, and gave a general invitation to their friends to pop in on them any time in the country, for Its mother the right thing to do to drop into the Feeds.' Then followed a very comical ladies. Mrs. Reed, after the curtain had dropped, still insisting on having the last word, put her head through the cur p, tains to have the last a GoodBye I' amidst at the farewell cheers of a crowded audience. 