MISCELLANEOUS. A REPLY FROJI THE DEN. 'As to tho English people, they profess, wo are aware, a horror equal to ours for those crimes which are pre pared among' them, to bo executed among us. * * * In London there aro held meetings where assassination is glorified. In London are sold atrocious libels in which the murder of tho sovereigns of Europe is olevatcd into a system, in which thrones, altars, armies, law, the magis tracy, society, and Goil himself, aro dragged through blood and miro. Such Saturnalia surpassed even barbar ism.' — L'Empereur Napoleon III. et Anglelenc. w o encourage assassin.*) I .fair Mr ! Have no tear. No hold hn3 tlio murderer oil sympathies here. England loathe? an Assassin ami loathes him no less, Whether shameful by failure — or great by success — Whether hiding from sight — or set high on a Throno— Whether killer of thousands— or killer of ono— Whether bribe, or revenge, or tho hope of a narao, Or tho dream of a ' destiny ' ' damn him to fame.' Whatever tho prompting, whatorcr tho end — Has he slaughtered a lVople ho swore to defend ; Has ho banded with rumans like him to strike; At a brother Assassin— we loath him alike I E'en where, Cain like, by providcuce guarded from ill, With a mark set upon him that no man may kill; Where prospsrity seems all his project* to crown, We've no faith in his 1'iivor— no fear or his Frown ; Undismayed by his Fortunes— unawed by his Fate— We smile at his ' Destiny '—watch him, and wait. — Daily Hews. At Bristol, a few nights ago, a mnn who had been em ployed in loading tho Newport steamer was sitting1 on tho quay wall eating his supper, when he accidentally foil into the water. He was unable to swim, and was with great difficulty rescued from being' drowned. As soon rs ho re covered his consciousness ho exclaimed with astonishment, 'I've lost my bread and cheese !' A rather thick-headed witness in the police court was asked the question whether So-and-So 'stood on the de fensive ?' — ' No, sir,' he immediately replied, ' he stood on a bench.' ' Well Augustas,' said a grocer to his apprentice* 'You have been apprenticed now three months, and have seen the soveral departments of onr trade ; I wish to give you a choice of occupation.' ' Thank'ee, sir.', ' Well, now, what part of the business do you like best, Augustus?' ' Shuttin1 up, sir.' Byron's Prophesying the Indian Mutiny. — If Byron was not a prophet by inspiration, ho sometimes hit tho ' bull's eye' by chance shot. Turning to his ' Curse of Minerva' you will find the following prophotic lines, referring to Lord Elgin's robbery of the temple of Pallas : — Look to tho East, where Ganges swarthy raco Shall shake your tyrant empire to its base ; Lo there rebellion rears her ghastly head, And glares tho Nemesis of native dead, Till Indus rolls a deep purpurcnl Hood, And claims tliu Iout arrear of Northern l-1nn-V A Candidate for Celebrity. — iiDo you publish matri monial notices for the subscribers to your paper?' said a gentlemanly-lookin-; youth, stepping into our office the other morning. — ' Certainly, sir.' — ' Well, then, I'll go aud get married ; for I don't see any other way of getting . my name in your paper — since yon have rejected all ray ' poetical effusions.' — American Paper. Bald-headed Husband: '? Just take a magnifying glas3, ducky, and see if there's any young hair3 a-sprouting, I've just finished tho seventh botttle of the restorative, and worn out three hair brushes rubbing it in.' — Wife : ' Goodness gracious, Nicodemus, thero ain't no more hair on your head than there is on tho cover of our old copper tea-kettle.' Sunshine and Cloud. — Some real lives do — for certain days or years — actually anticipate the happiness of Heaven ; and, T beliove if such perfect happiness is onco felt by good people (to tho wicked it never comes), its sweet effect is never wholly lost. Whatever trials follow, whatever pains of sickness or shades of death, the glory precedent still shines through, cheering the keen anguish and tingeing tho deep cloud. I will go further. I do believe there aro some human beings so born, so reared, so guided from a soft cradle, to a calm and late grave, that no excessive suffering penetrates their journoy. And often, these are not pampered, selfish beings, but Nature's olect, harmonious and benign ; men and women mild with charity, kind agents of God's kind attributes. . . But it is not so for all. What then ? His will be done, as done it suroly will be, whether we bumble ourselves to resignation or not. — Charlotte Broste. Highland Thieves. — Dugald M'Canl was a professed thief in the Highlands, and sometimes took young lads into his service as apprentices to tho samp, business. With one of these hopeful youths, who had recently engaged with him, ho agreed ono night to proceed upon an excursion ; tho apprentice to steal a wether, and Dugald himself to steal kale. It was also agreed that they should, after being in possession of their booty, meet in the kirk-yard, where they were pretty sure of not being molested, as it got tho namo of being' haunted by a ghost. Dugaid, as may well be supposed, arrived firat at the place of rendezvous, and, sitting on a grave stone, amused himself until the apprentice should arrive with the wether. In a.neighboring farm-house, a crippled tailor happened to be at work, and tho conversation having turned upon tho story of the kirk-yard being haunted, tho tailor boldly censured somo young men present, for not having courage to go and Bpeak to the supposed apparition, adding, that if ho had tho use of his limbs, he would havo no hesitation in doing it him self. Ono of tho young men, nettlod at fcho tailor's re marks, proposed taking tho tailor on his back to tho kirk-yard ; and, as tho tailor could not well recede from what he had said, off they went. The moment they entered tho kirk-yard, Dugald M'Caul saw them, anil thinking it wa3 tho apprentice with a wether on hi3 back, ho saiil in a low tone of voice, as they npproached him, 'Is ho fat?' ' Whether ho bo fat or loan,' pried tho young man, ' there he is to ye ;' and throwing down the tailor, ran off as hard as he could. On entering tho farm-houso to his utter astonishment, ho found tho tailor close at his heels ; iulense fear having supplied him with ? tho long- lost use of his Iimb3, which, it is said, ho retained ever after. Tub HiGniiAND Volunteers. — In tho eighteenth cen tury tho Government granted commissions to »uch High land chiefs ns raised a certain number of men for tho army.- An English ollioer who had been sent; into the Highlands to receive recruits enquired — ' Where aro tho volunteers?' — 'All safe,' was the reply; 'they aro tied up in tho barn !' A 1'ionchntan's Opinion. — The Gazette de France, fol lowing in tho footsteps of certain of its contemporaries, deulaims.on the disadvantages of parliamentary, govern ment: — 'England,' says that journal with astounding logic, 'always remains in England. She has parliamen tary men ready for all circumstances which may arise from political difficulties. Lord Derby may be overthrown as suddenly as was Lord Palmerstnn, and a revolutionary policy mnv succeed without transition to tho Conservative policy which rules at tho present moment. Tho incon veniences of tho Parliamentary government consist pre cisely in tho sudden changes which modify tho relations Grout Britain and tho Cabinets of the continent. Theao Cubinfits can nover rely on the policy of the English Go vernment, which, favorabla to them to-day, may prove unfavorable to them to-morrow. What spirit animates tho British nation ? What principal of justico or Wghfc does it ever pluco above its intoreBtu ? Those questions should bo tukon into coosideration when it is sought, to ascertain tho amount of safety which oxists iu closo re* lations with that nation. Wo believe that all enlight ened men havo long sinco come to a conclusion on this subject.' ?'.For what do you wink at mo sir,' said a boautif'ul young lady angrily to a stranger ut a party. — ' I bog your pardon, madam,' roplied the wit, ' 1 winked hb men do whon looking at tho sun — your splendor dazzled my oyes.' Add to tho Pile. — No human being can come into this world without increasing or diminishing the sum total of human happiness, not only of tho present but of every subsequent ago of humanity. — UUIm Burrilt. 'Oh! my dear, how c.imo you so wet?' inquirod an affectionate mother of her sou. — ' Why, mar, one of the boys said I daren't jump into tho creek, and, by gosh, I tell you 1 iw't to bo dared.' Gross und vulgar minds will always pay a higher res pect to wealth Limn to talent ; for wealth although it ho a. far loss clliciout sourcotc wer tlmu talout, happens ;o be far more intelligibly. 