NOX AMBROSIANA. Fortune plays curious tricks in the colonies, and especially on the goldfields, and we think that the dinner to the Chief Secretary furnishes some instances. "Who shall say that we are not a demo cratic people when here we have an ex-linen draper now a Chief Secretary, hob-a-nobbing with a baker, the worthy master of the rolls at the "White Hills, at present Chairman ofthe Sandhurst Muni cipality—and indulging in mutual compliments. The Premier having been toasted by the Chairman ina style worthy of Chrononhotonthologos,—that, in the Yankeephrase, "lickscreation,"returnsthe compliment, and eulogises the blushing youth as a worthy specimen of what a Chairman of a Muni cipality should be, at which the glasses danced on the board under the vigorous thumping of hands, as in such cases made and provided. Sullivan smiled cynically, and Burnside, with prospective dignity, pulled up his shirt collar. The worthy baker was fluttered, of course, and scarce knew what to say, so having been recently reading up history—after the fashion of his pre decessor, instead of expressing his astonishment at the honor done him by any comparison dfcawn from the idioms of his time-honored profession, he got confounding himself (hear it ye gods) with the ancient Britons, and the Premier with Julius CaJsar—a felicitous comparison, indeed, had the brawny John knocked down the diminutive Chairman. The compliment did more than bewilder the Chairman's metaphor, for it fairly knocked down his judgment, and he indulged the company with his confessions as to his political experience, and how he liked his bread buttered— forms of expression far more apropos than the allusions to Julius Cresar. But what was all this to the speech in which he proposed—" The Guest of the evening." Such a reading up as the worthy Chairman has under gone is a caution. It's a pity he had not lent the illustrious Carpenter an idea or two in proposing —" The Army and Navy"—Shades of the departed great!—and prevented the ambitious smelter from giving Marlborough the credit of Ramilies aud the Malakhoff, He might, at all events, have lent the non-plussed Carpenter all the martial names in his catalogue, which the Premier could have done very well without. Wallace aud Bruce and Washington, and even Tell, would have told ■better in connection with the toast of Mr. Car penter, than the peaceful Premier, whose military abilities we trust we shall have no occasion to know anything about. However, he had come to make a speech, and create an impression, so we suppose he could not spars them, and here we have them all. Tell, Wallace, Bruce, Franklyn, Washington, Daniel O'Connel (at which more ap propriate name, loud cheering), William Pitt, Sir Robert Peel—all collected into one constel lation, to form a John O'Shanassy!—who, weigh ing some twenty stone, certainly supports the idea of being two or three gentlemen rolled into one. Happy Simons—heretofore doomed to drudgery unworthy thy merits—henceforth thy name sha 1 be immortally linked with that of the hero of heroes, as the Homer of a new Achilles—the Ossiau of an Australian Fingal. The toast of the " Army" was responded to by John Brown, of whom let Fawkner and Co. beware, as the headsman who would make short work of the deadlock with the Upper House— killing the deadlock after the Gordian knot fashion. As for the blue jackets, no one was found to respond, and indigo would not pass muster, otherwise the police present might have done the honors. After the Chairman in his reply had come in with Julius Cresar and the invasion of Britain, and left off in the sludge—ignominious termination!;—Mr. Emmett, of Water Works celebrity, and of Turveydrop deportment me mory, proposed the Mining Board, in compli mentary terms—timely amenities anticipatory of possible troubles with perverse diggers, who wo'ut move off the reserve—to which M'Intyre—terrible since he has confronted the Solicitor-General in public tongue-fence—made suitable reply. The modest Mac, of course, assumed for the Sand hurst Board the distinction of being a model to all Boards, and sported a curious specimen of Mining Board logic, by which John O'Shan assy is supported by the thousands of Bendigo, because he is supported by the Board! At this point the mild and insinuating Gibbs told some fairy tale in melodious measure, aud the harmonious Coroner joined in the concord of sweet sounds, which were soon dispelled with rude clangour by an apple of discord flung into the Chairman's face by the aforesaid defier of Solicitor Generals. At such dire insult to the honored, guest, the frequent phrase in the mouth of sickening adulation—to mention the unhallowed names of Grant and Owens, and that relation of the Evil One, Syme—spectacled and cadaverous ghost with which to push a Premier from his stool—the compauy were convulsed with contention, the stormy petrel M'Intyre presiding over the bubbling foam.. At length Bendigo Mac restored order—well qualified for such office by experience of rowdy t'other siders. After Mr. O'Conor had grown poetical, Mr. Sullivan had buttered the honored guest, and had spoken,feelingly on the liability of the. Press to be prostituted, which of oourse he should know something about from "his own experience, Mr. M'Lachlan, in reply to the toast of the Magistrates by the O'Keefe, did the modest as regards himself, and favored the company with his opinion on the phrenological development of John O'Shanass/s head, well adapted for inspec tion, seeing that the battles of political life are making it bare. He followed with a strange mal-apropos story about " the oldest inhabitant" —ancient confrere of the honored gueBt, and now foe to the death—death indeed .now ousting its shadow near. The Chief Commissioner of "Water Works that is to be, "pump- handled Benson," as the irreverent Shillelagh once christcned him, then panegyrised the Press, and illustrated his remarks by recounting how the Argus burked the Toorak debate having sovereign reasons for so doing. To him Mr. Casey respondent, meekly vindicated the Press from the slur of Sullivan's sad experiences, and with virtuous indignation most properly consigned "anonymous scribblers" to Tophet. Thence to Paradise straight rising, the young Benedict so eulogised the charms of the fair that the Coroner has sworn another moon shall not pass without its being a honeymoon for some one. Sorry are we to say the demon of discord, intruded into this Elysium once more, despite the commands of Bendigo Mac io turn him round and behave respectfully before the Court. Especially were the feelings of the tender Car penter outraged at this new insult, and fearful of doing some mischief he besought those near him to hold him down. Then the Premier unbending, stilled the new Babel, and having taken Grant into his fold, he kicked the remaining two, Owens and Syme, down to political perdition. 