SPURGEON PREACHING AT THE SURREY GARDENS. (From the Atheneum THINGS are not now in the Surrey Gardens as they were in their prime, though the change is perhaps, more apparent than real. There is still a remnant of the familiar beasts and' the. moulting birds, the odd fish, the subtle and unpleasant serpents, the mangy dogs, and the intellectual -beavers. There is still the pensive money-changers, that used to brood in his broken box, and mourn over the folly of the world that went heedless on its downward way. The Surrey Arcadia not in its prime ! We must unsay that word. Sail forth from the retiring room, 0 autocratic Jullien mount with stateliest step the throne of music-strike thy most magnificent tap command that monstrous orchestra and quell that shilling world into listen- i ing silence ! Hark to that glorious | ' drinking song, charged and crashed to the record of harmonious metal. But, after all, this is secular, week-day entertainment. Can nothing be invented to enliven that proverbially dull day, an English Sunday? Shall religion die for want of hilarity? Life is short and art is long-too long-too diffident. At last, there is an opening in the throng. Thank you, sir. Name if we are not impertinent-The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, evidently boy-like, and over bashful. We have forgotten tickets ; perhaps they will take money at the doors. But we had better take a bill. This is the Rev. Dr. Fletcher's portrait " of the youthful herald of the Cross, or young Timothy." And here is " The Light of Genius," price 1d., where " we have a new light, a comet of money, set forth with a blazing power to consume sin and burn up all stubble." What is a comet of mercy? Is he like Whitfield, that Methodist De- mastheads, rather prone to weep than to laugh, fonder rather of winning a real than courting a grin-that just man who refused houses, and lands, and gifts for himself-who would not have a gigantic church built, as his American friends pressed him to do, saying, " he cared little for celled houses Whitfield, who often stole away from the towns at night to shun the plaudits of the crowd-Whit- field, who mounted a table in Moorfields, and preached amid the hubbub of moun- Redbanks and the wild Whitsun jargon, and in spite of eggs and hog-wash, till at last, awed by his earnestness, the motley company began to liston-who attacked vice hand to hand whose images were taken from dangling gibbets on Kenning- ton or Blackheath-whose choicest audience was one of colliers at Kingswood or needlewomen in Clerkenwell? We approach the cheerful hall-tickets! tickets ! in money taken at a religious gate ? Yes, happily for us ; reprobates are admitted for a shilling. We ascend into Mr. Spurgeon's domain. The hall is half full. in the body, migrated from Park-Street, is a well-packed brigade of the chosen, who sit under Mr. Spurgeon permanently, and can be depended on-a substantial dense mass of hats and bonnets, with here and there a little child's pretty face peering up wistfully towards the platform. See, the elect five shillings are beginning to roll, and turn, and spin, and deposit themselves merrily into the orchestral spaces. What a bright and shining pile fall good silver currency, multiplying now by dozens and twenties, and soon by hundreds. And those arithmetical men pacing up and down and around the galleries, and anon passing with un- quiet eye. Are they the counters check-takers'? Have they shares in the undertaking? Shillings and half-crowns and crowns still flowing in around the pulpit of the wonderful man. And yet, in these perturbed currency times, are those veritable shillings and crowns, or do they only represent and are not what they seem ? " It is humiliating to think," Mr. Spurgeon is reported to have said, "how little is collected at the doors, only £10 last Sunday, The balance in the banker's hands is only £3600, and the sum required for a sufficiently large church, where I shall be glad to welcome any" bishops, is £25,000." Very humiliating, indeed, Mr. Spurgeon and with a thousand conversions a year, and after eight sermons a week, very hard. We look round once more has still on, the hall still filling. Where are the work-people-the toiling, working poor of the town-the old men never young, and the children always old- the peaked and lean and hungry faces-the shambling figures of men and women, ragged and draggled, that half-run, half-limp, from the squalid courts and flooded ground floors where " the town's blood sleeps corruptly V We do not find these in the Surrey Hall. Smug faces and well shaven faces, and faces round, and fat, and smirking are here-the self-same faces, smiling from the self-same places as the audience of yesternight a comic songs and brass band. Here and there, in the galleries, are a few literary or religious evidences. Newspapers are being read, huge books pored over, and papers that look like tracts conned. A rush and trampling of feet at the doors, and the paying world is let in-up the stone galleries, into the centre, doubling and turning, fast and surging, the human tide sweeps in. A hush again. The Bible, clasped and laureate, is borne aloft, and laid on the big pulpit cushion. To it we uncover -the many still halted. Now, simultaneously with the Bible and fronting the assembly, a huge placard is affixed : " Spurgeon Bazaar, D.V. Refreshment room-Lecture every day," &c.; At last slowly breasting the throng, the back of a solid figure is seen in the distance, and by-and-by, its front and orb-like face, as per photograph, is displayed from the pulpit. The orb is eclipsed by one hand, but only for a second-and re-appears full of jollity-a brief and hilarious prayer, apparently. And now our time is come an excedingly reprobate and reluctantly contributing congregation. " Let us unite in supplication that is the phrase. Mr. Spurgeon generally prays standing hallooing out towards the ceiling in a truculent and valedictory way. The lr it'luv.rii information which he conveys to the Almighty for the State, if it were not profane, would be simply tedious.. -In the prayer we heard, was a petition for reform, and that Parliament might be enabled not to talk but to do something. This is followed by a hymn-or, as the. preacher terms it, "a sacred shout of joy the tune a favorite one." A verse of a hymn sung sitting-another scrap of supplication-and " another sacred shout I of joy." The last stanza of this should those who feel are energetically requested to attest in their song- patriotic it certainly is " The British Islands are the Lord's, There Abraham's God is known." Upon the word British a strong, rough, almost nautical emphasis was laid. What we have described occupied an hour. Mr. Spurgeon's sermons are a series of windy combats with Apollyon, from which that personage always slinks off howling, and Mr. Spurgeon invariably stalks forth the exultant victor. In one of his sermons the devil is represented as troubling a man with his sins-" You rascal you don't come troubling me," is the reply, " did I not transfer your business to Jesus Christ, bad debts and all What business have you to bring them up to me -I laid all on Christ. Go and tell my master ; don't come troubling me." The amount of contempt and jesting expended at the Surrey nail on the foul fiend is dismal in the extreme. Mr. C. H. Spurgeon revels in a vulgar Pandemonium amid blood, and smoke, and daggers, and knives, and writhing, howling agents of Sale and Madison. Sight of that pure other above the " smoke and stir of that dim spot, which we call earth," cannot be had for the lurid clouds of subterranean smoke belched forth from the Spurgeonic inferno. His angels, and archangels, too are not being excelling in celestial strength, dischargingloftyorlowly behests posting along the swift winds, gliding down the sunny stairs, treading the starry pavement, or descending terrible lightning jars, agents of wrath and displeasure but are celestial chanticleers continually flapping their wings, and within call ready to come and carry off any reprobate who is not listening to the inventor's rapid rant. Scraps of doggrel poetry, fragments of uninspired and most uninspiring hymns, introduced after the negro fashion, " as the poet says" Now and then a Latin phrase, which Mr. Spurgeon has picked up as a fowl might a nail, which it very soon drops, finding it hard. Phrases such as tinned inane, it sounds empty-or Ecce Homo, " as Pilate tersely exclaims, " Be- hold the man." Then follow metaphors of the Dick Swiveller order, "Stir the flame of hilarity with the wing of friend- ship," or, similarity, according to Spur- geon materialism, angels ascending the steeps of glory, bodiless ghosts stamping their feet, and angels and dying saints generally speaking in sonnets, which, to adopt another Spurgeonisra, appears to be the brogue of Canaan." English grammar is readily disposed of. "There is a poor fellow who says I could not put six or seven words together in English grammar. rush upon English grammar, God does not care for that !" Books Mr. Spurgeon equally dispenses with in his own fashioning love Butler's 'Analogy I love Paley's ' Evidences,' but I don't read them ; I don't care to go into the mud for the sake of washing myself clean." Occasionally, the discourse is enlivened by a stave of a song from the " The Bay of Biscay," or "The standard-bearer," and this sort of stuff :-" I think the angles are looking down from the battle- ments of heaven, and singing, ' See the Conquering Hero comes. " Here is a passage on death, with exquisite Parliamentary allusions :-" The grim sergeant of the House is coming, and he will discover you. What will be your lot if you have been a stranger in his House below, when you find that you may have sat for a little while in this House of Commons below, you cannot sit in the House of Lords above. His "Aha's" are as remarkable as a Lyons's :-" Aha," says the devil, " Prince of Light, I have one of thy jewels." There are Spurgeonic indulgences, it would seem : " As soon as a man trusts God, all his sins are forgiven past, present, and to come." Of the advantages of immorality, hero is his opinion :-" If you go to heaven you must elbow pickpockets, and walk side by side with drunkards and thieves. There is only one road to heaven for the moral and immoral, for the chimney sweep and her Majesty the Queen." Here is another select thought " The thought struck me, the other day, that the Lord will have in heaven some of those very big sinners that have gone further astray than anybody that ever lived the most extraordinary extravagance of vice, just to make the melody complete by singing some of those soprano notes, which you and I, because we have not gone so far astray, will never be able to utter. I wonder whether one has stepped into the chapel this morning whom God has selected to take some of those also notes in the scale of praise ? Perhaps there is one such hero. Oh ! how will such a one sing, if grace, free grace, shall have mercy upon him'.' A reverend critic, Dr. Campbell, pronounces on the preacher thus: "is he abrupt, blunt, direct ? It is nature. Is he idiomatic, colloquial, playful, dramatic ? It is nature." Or, as Elijah Pegram has it :-" Rough he may be, so air our Barra. Wild he may be, so air our Buf falers. But he is a child of Nature and a child of freedom, and his boastful answer to the despicable critic is that his bright home is in the setting sun." . . . But enough of this grate and profanity. " To preach long and loud damnation," said Selden, " is the way to be cried up. We love a man who damns us, and we run after him again to save us." And now the performance is over-the evil one has been effectually clubbed-arch angles have flapped their wings the side shaking laughter and the women's tatters are over-and the performer has passed to the retiring-room to receive congratulations. The boxes are rattled at the doors, but it is humiliating to note the dead pecuniary silence Now we are borne along and jammed in the press at the stage-door. Thence the Spurgeon family are emerging ; graciously the sea lions per former bows, and nimbly steps into his brougham at times according to a published report even extending his bed for the fair chosen to kiss, 