MAREIAGE dfe .THE PR INOESS ' ' .'//RGYAL. . , thb.! ceremony. . : , As the Bride passes up to -the altar Bhe stops : and makes a deep reverence to' her Mother,, thoqgh evident agitation ; thhn/ again turning/ she renders th'e-lsame homage to the Pririoe of Prussia. As she does bo the bridegroom elect "advances ; and, kneeling on one .knee, presses ..her hand. Talcing their placos then at the altar; the service ,oommenoes with 1 a chorale, whioh . peals through the little building with the inOBt solemn effect. The hymn over, the Lore rplibiphop pf Canterbury takes' his plqpo in (hp centre , of tho altar, and assiatcd by tho Biithop of London, ag Dean of tho Chapel Royal, the Bishop of Oxford, as Lord High AhwWb". the) Bishop of Chester, as "Clerk, of; the Closet, 'tho Dean of Windsor,., as Domestic Chaplain, and tho Nov. Dr. Wesley, as suo-vean or tue unapei xtoyai, tne mar riage service; is : eommeueed oxactly at ten minutes to one. ' ' - ' Tho Eubrio is rigidlyadhered to through-' out. After goipg through (hp , qsuql for miliary, tlip MpatEpv. Pri.matp, tyho was very' indistinetly ' heard; asks tho Royal Bridegroom — " Wilt thou have this woman to thy wpdded wife,, to live tdgethep aftpr God's orfiihanoe, ; ip'tho ' hply estate of ma trimony ? "Wilt thou loyo her; comfort in her, honour and keep hor in sickness'-and in health j and, ip forsaking all other) keep thee only unto her, so long as yo: both' shall live I" ' To: this the Princo'replies loud and- clear,."! will." ,To the sameiquestipn, tlio faint answerjof tke Bride is barely- audible,' though the at tention of all is strained to tho utmost :to oatoh'tho foebly.uttorod words.: ! To the next—" Who giveth this woihan iaway, ?" The Princo Consort ropliea loiidly, '."ido,",; '.:! ::v-; ; 'Then the Prince takes his Bridp)s hand in his own, in earnost warmth, and repeats slowly and distinctly aftor the Primate-— I, , Frederiek-WillianirNioholas-Oharlos, take, theo, Yictoria-Adelaide-Mary -Louisa/ to my wedded-' wife, to lovo and to hold from this day-forward; for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness 'and in health, to love and to, cherish, till, death us, do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thoroto I plight theo my troth." ; Again, in reply, the words of the brido are almost lost, and she seems faint; and tremulous enough - to oxoito unoasincss; among her ladies. . ! The Prince then, talcing tho ring from his brother. Albert, said with marked em-, phasis — " With this ring I thee wed/with' my body I thee ' worship;, and with alljny worldly goods I thee opdow; in the name; of the Father, of tho.Sdn, and of thoHbly; Ghost. Amen." : ' . i '-"At the moment the, ring -.was placed oh the Bride's finger, a salvo of artillery, ar ranged by signal, royerborated thrpugh tho 'corridors and chapel ; and at' thp same in!-; sthnt a telegraphi c message was despatched to Berlin, whore a similar salute was ' to mark the event. ! The usual prayer was then offered, up, and -1 the -Primate/joining ' 'their -hands to gether, said/" Whom God has'joined let no .man put asunder."/':': ' .:D" "s i The psalm, God bo merciful unto us and bless us," was then sung. Then the royal. couple knelt, with all the bridesmaids, while tho rest of the ceremony was proceeded with) . the Bishop of .London; in a clear and - distihot voice, :, roading- the exhortation. ' At the ; "concluding words) / -'tHq " Hallelujah Chorus" — ' V.'i 1 " Hallelujah ! for the Lord God Omni) potont reigneth/ . . , ' ...- " Tlio kingdom of this world- has .bocomo tlio kingdom, of: ourr.Lord,., and , of His; Christ : and He ahall reign, for- ever and ever. ! \- «"King of Kings, 'and Lord ,of Lords) Hallelujah" — ' ' : : i rose 'loud and clear, witli thrilling .effect,'.' , . Hardly -had tho last words ofi fche ohorns' died away in solemn .-echoes, when the oeremonial .aa arranged .by chamberlains: and heralds,' ended ; and the B ride ' turned; and' embraced her1 Mother— who'/ during! the' singing' of tho "Hallelujah,'/' had sat! as'.still as a statiie-f-with a suddenness arid1 depth of feeling that thrilled through- every heart. Again and again .Her- Majesty! : strained her to hor heart and kissed hev, and tried to conceal her emotion, but it was both needless and' in vain) (for all per-: ceived it, and there' wero few who! did not share it. Wo need not mention how the' bridogrpbm embraeed- hor, and how, ns she . quitted him, with tho tears now . plainly- stealing, down her , cheeks, alio throw horself into the arms of her father, while; hqr royal husband was embraced by the' Princess of Prussia in h manner that evinced- all that a mother's love can show. Between the bridegroom and. hie royal father not. less affecting was, the recognition. The Queen then rose, and, hurrying across Aqutpat with , '.tlio Princo Consort,: em braced the Princess of Prussia,- as one sister .would another ' after long -parting, and; turning" to the Prince of Prussia; gave him her band, which as he stooped to kiss she stopped hiin, aiid declined the conde scension by offering her' chcqk.'instead, But, words will feebly...convey..the;effeot of- the warmth and . , friendship :c. with, .which these greetings passed, the reverence with which the bridegroom saluted Her, Majesty, the manly: heartiness- with which lib wrung the Prince Consort's hand. . ; h/..!;/ After 'a few minutes Had been allowed for the illustrious personages ,to recover their Qoraposure, during whioh the bride / again loBt hers, while Bhe reoeived, with all tho affeoting warmth of a young and attached family, -the ' congratulations of her, brothers and sisters, tho procession left; the church, the hrillo leaning on tho right, arm/of tho bridegroom/' , .- - . . - .There was ho. mistake , about .the expres sion of the bride's face as she quitted the saored:' building : her delicate colour 're turned, her eyes brightened with emotion. Even tho most reserved felt moved) end' hn audible "God bless her," pdssiiig ..from mouth to mouth, accompanied her upon her way. ; Tlie prooession of Hev Majesty then passed to. the throno room in the same order in whioh : it entered the chapel, and again re-assembled in that chamber. Here,, in front of' the'massive throno on whioh haye sat in state so many of our monarohs,' a splendid table was set out, on .whibh lay the) register. As the dignitaries -of tho ohurch returned to the throne-room this was at tested in the usual form. . . An immonse numbor of illustrious and noble'ihdividuals had the honor of signiqg this document, and \yo qppei/d tho order and arrqngement .in which tho actual members of tho royal families who did so affixed, their signatures after those of. tUe .bride and' hridegrooro ;— ! : . / Alice. ... ; " Albert, Pririoe Consort. ; " Prince ot Prussia. ! " Augubta/Prineess of Prussia, ' Duchess of. Saxony, j "Leopold.'- ' ' " Victoria/ i - ' <' Albert Edward. .. : '' Alfred. . ' ' . ' . , i " ''.' Aliob. j " Goorgo. " Mayy Adelaide." i E vory poreon present was prcsonted with jtho " marriage service/.' beautifully printod in red and gold, and bound in wliito and-. ;goid. I K9" "Wo aro requested by MossrB. Brent land.Wostbrook to oall attention to tho sale by 'audtion-i this day 'at! ll o'olook, at the "mart, ,of a liurge'atoortment of me'rohandisc. -- - i , .'.i ' ;- ' 