BILL WILSON AND THE GHOST. TEKKIBUt BATTLE 1If TUX CSUKCSTAXO. 'Bout two yean aso the people in ISueville was almost 'larmcd out of their senses by a ghost which made its appearance every night in the grave-yard. The niggers seed it fust, and wimmcn and children was'fraid to pa to bed in the dark for a month, and you couldn't get a nigger to go outside the door after dark for all Georgy. It made a monstrous talk morn un miles round the settlement, and everybody was anxious to find out whose ghost it was, and what it wanted. Old Mr. Walker, what had been chcatod out of all his property by the lawyers, hadn't been ded a great whil& and he was a monstrous curious old chap anyhow, the gen en eral opinion, was the old man had cum uacki If for something. Baminy Sumestreet seed it, and Bob Moreland seed it, and old Mrs. Curioo seed it when she was cumin'into town to see her daughter Nancy the night she had the baby, and they all ve same account the niggers did, "bout its eing dressed in white, and Udkin to itad^ and cryin and walkin' amcqg the toom atones. Bob Morcland said he heard it sneeze two or three time, jest as natural asany hnrnan, and cty erei Ufui aomhow their hearts always failed 'em "bout dark, and nobody didn't go. One day Bill Wilson come to town, and was *bputhalf earned down to Mr. llaricy's store, where they got to bantering him 'Uwt the ghost "Ding'd if I don't see who it is," Bill; "1 aint afraid of no glrast that ever valked ul nidits. With that, some of than offered tn bet him five dollars that he dascnt go inside of the graveyard alone after dark. •w.Bill, "plank up your money. But Fm to go just as Tvc a mind tot" " Vex" says the boys. "And shoot the ghost if I see it," scs'he. "To be sure." " And I'm to have a bottle of old Jammaky to keen me company." "Yes," ses all of them. "Agreed," ses Bill, "put up the stakes in Mr. Iiarieys hand. lie money was staked and the burinesa all fixed in no time. "P*® n»e a pair of pistols, and let me load 'em roywli; an — show you whether 1 am afraid of ghosts." , Captain Skinnera Mglionc pistols were sent for. and Rill loaded one of'an up to the muzzle, ana after petting a bottle of lickcr in his pocket, and takin two or three more horns to raise his courage, he waited till it was dark. Everybody in town waa wide awake enough to we how the thing would turn out, and some of the wimmen wa* monstroo* coruarucd for Bill, for fear be would be carried off hy the ghost sburecnufll Jest about dark. Bill set for the graveyard, jnth a whole heap of fellers, vrbo went to see him as far as the gate. "Look out, Bill—you know that ghosts is monstrous dangerous things" said the boys as they was about leaving him. "Never you mind," aes Bill; "but remember, I m to shoot " Yes," ses all of them. Bill marched into toe middle of the graveyard singing "Shiny Nights" as loud as he could, but monstrous out of tune, and tack a seat on one of the gravestones. The graveyard in IWvOle stands on the side or a hill, Twut a quarter of a mOe from town. The fence is a monstrous high post and rail fence, and the lot is a tolerable big one, extendin'a good ways down iu the holler, on t'other side whar thar is a pine thicket of about an acre, whar thar aint no graves. . The night was pretty dark, and Bill thought itwas very cold ; so he kc^t taking drinks every now and then to keep himself warm, and singing nil the songs and torm tunes he know'd to keep awake. Simctiines be thonpht he bcanl something, and then his hair would sort o'crawl tol Two or three times he felt like hacking ouLbut he know'd that wouldn't never do; so he'd take another drink, and strike up another tune, liimeby he gotMO sleepy that he couldn't tel whether he was singing "Lucy Neat "or the IVomiscd Land," and liimeby lie only sung n word here and there, 'thout bong very particulor what sons it belonged ta lie was so bominablv slccjiy and corned together, that he couldn't keep awake, and in spite of his fcan he began to nod a lime. Just then something sneezed. "Ugh !" ses Bill, " what's that t" But he soon cum to the conclusion that he ranst have been sneezing in his deep, and after seeing that his pistol was sife, and takin* another drink^ he was soon in the land of Nod agin. 'Bout this time Old Mr. Jenkin's gang of goats cum out of the thicket whar they had com thro the gap in the fencc, and with old white Bdshaz«r in the lead, cum smdlin' "bout whar Bill was watching for the ghost Old Bclshazer is one of the oudaaonist old rascals to butt in all Gcorgy, and scdn* Bill scttin'thar all alone by himself, he goes up and smdlsathim. Bill nodded to him in his sleep. Old Bdshazer stepped back a little wan ond Bill nodded again. The old feller tuck ir for a banter share enufl^ and lack he went a few stem, and raising up on his hind legs a lKU^he tuck deliberate aim and sprang; Be tuck Bill right atween the eyes, nocking him and his pistol both off at the same time. Bang goes the pistol, roaring out on the still serve me I" for more than a mile. The whole town was out of bed in a minit, and everybody that could go was out to the graveyard as quick as they could git thar. Thar was BQl Wilson, laying sprawled out on the ground with his eyes bunged np so as he couldn't tell daylight from dark. The goats were scared as bad as be was at the pistol, and was corn 'fore he fairly touched the ground ; and Bob Moreland and Tom Stallins, what hd gone out thar to scare Bill, and had seed his encounter with old Bdshazer, was standing bv him wrapped up in their white sheets, jist laughing like they would bust their sides. Bill swore that he was wide awake, and that when the ghost cum np to hint, he tuck a fair crack at it" when all at once he was struck with 'o dap of thunder and lightnin'. Bob Moreland tried to explain it to him, but it was all no uso. He swore the ghost was six foot high, and that be seed the lightnin' jest as plain as be ever seed Iuj|tnin' in his life. Bill daiincd the stakes, and everybody said he ought to have the money. But you may depend he wouldn't have another such ghost night for all the mooey in Georgy. The fence wa* mended whar it was broken in the thicket, and thar was never any more ghosts seed in that graveyard since.—American Paper. 