IPSWICH. ARCHBISHOP POLDING IN IPSWICH.-CONFIRMATION \- A solemn administration of the rite of Con- firmation took place on Saturday last, the 23rd instant, in the temporary Catholic Church in this town, when 169 persons were presented to the Archbishop, and confirmed at the altar. Of these a great majority were youths of both sexes, who appeared in neat white attire, and gave strong indication, in their whole demeanour, of a proper sense of the solemn duties in which they were engaged. Dean Rigney on his Grace's right, and the Rev. W. M'Ginty on the left, presented the postulants after the manner of the Roman Catho- lic Church. On Sunday evening, tho 24th instant, the Archbishop consecrated the Roman Catholic Cemetery, near Ipswich, before the largest as- semblage ever seen in the neighbourhood.The aged prelate, in full pontificals, perambulating the circuit of the enclosure for the dead, amidst the sounds of prayer and psalmody,and offering a word of warning to the young and thoughtless from the brink of the grave, as it were, was cer- tainly a scene of more than common impressive ness.. On Monday tho Archbishop laid the foun- dation-stone ot the splendid stone chuich which our Roman Catholic brctlnen aie erecting id this town, in accordance with the arrangements an- nounced in our last issue. A vast concourse assembled around the venerable prelate, notnith standing the threatening aspect of the weather. We understand that tho sum of £570 9s, 3d. was contributed. In a cavity piepared beneath the foundation-stono was deposited a copy of our last issue, printed on silk, together with some current coins of Great Britain and other countiies, nnd a few old unique pieces of copper money uud of silver ; also, a highly decorated inscription on parchment, an English translation of which we give : In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.-Amen In the Faith of Jesus Christ, To the Glory of the Most High God, The Foundotion-Stone of this Church, dedicated to God in honour of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the HELP OF CHRISTIANS, was laid by John Bede, Archbishop of Sydney ; The Very Reverend John Rigney, Dean, and the Rev. William M'Ginty. Missionary of the District, Assistant Ministers ; in presence of a large concourse of the Faithful, this 25th day of October, in the year of our Lord, MDCCCLVIII. The Supreme Pontiff, His Holiness Pope PIUS the Ninth, Queen VICTORIA reigning in Great Britain, and Sir William Thomas Denison, Governor-General of Austialia; All whom may the Good God long preserve. Abridged from the North Australian, THE SEVENTEEN-MILE ROOKS.-The operations for the improvement of the navigation at this place have now commenced, and will probably be completed in six or snven weeks. Some delay has beencansed by the late fresh in the river, but the punts,powder, and mtiteiials are all now on the spot. TIIE QUEEN'S ARMS, IPSWICH.-The license for this house, granted to Mr. James Collins, was cancelled on Saturday last at the request of tho licensee. The FITZ ROY DIGGINGS.-Although the report of the Herald's special correspondent is unfavour- able, we find that Messis. Ramsay and Gaden, the proprietors of Canooa, have evinced their faith in a permanent demand for mutton by the purchase of 7000 wethers, to be delivered next month after shearing, at 13s. per head, half cash, half bill at six months, from Messrs. Kent and Wienholt, Rosalie Plains. We understand that some of our townsmen, who left last week for Rockhampton overland, have returned homo, North Australian. THE PRINCE AND BONIFACE.-A correspondent writing to us from Ipswich says, "I beg to tell you of an incident that occured here lately, which is too good to be lost, and not published. You must know that a Count, or, more properly speak- ing, a Prince of Wurtemberg has been visiting Ipswich. During his short stay he paid a visit to the north side of the river, and on his return late in the evening, called at the first convenient public house in East Street, and ordeied supper, but as most of the inmates were in " a state of beer," or spirituous hilarity, no attention was paid to the guest, and after waiting a considerable time he at length went to bed supperless. His rest, however, was soon interrupted by Boniface, who having sacrificed pretty freely at the shrine of the jolly god, entered the room with a bottle of rum in one hand, and a glass in the other, pressed the old buffer (he is a grey-headed man) to take a " ball." It is almost needless to add that the Prince was obdurate, and Boniface reluctantly retired from the apartment without accomplishing his object, and highly indignant that his distinguished guest should refuse to become his boon companion for the night. On the following morning the Prince shifted his quarters to the Crown, where the worthy landlord provided him with breakfast at his own table, mistaking him for an old German shepherd, and thinking that it was quite good enough from the appearance of his guest, who made no objec- tion to his mode of entertainment. During the conversation which ensued, the landlord was muoh struck with the superb manners and conversation of his visitor, and was quite astounded in the long run to find that he had had a real live German Prince for a customer. No doubt the Prince went away impressed with a very unfavor- able idea of tho temperance, morality, and civility of the Ipswich publicans."-Darling Downs Gazette, Oct. 28. 