MINI NO ENTERPRISE. lhu dorpe-t coalf.it m irie:it i-ritain, ana pro bably in the world, has, after nearly twelve years' Irbor, during which some important mining pro blem? h.»vc been rolved, just been completed and opened nt Duk nfieid, Cheshire. The shaft of tl is I'xttantdinury pit is tiSCi yards deep, and the fink ing of it bus cost nearly £Ki0,0U0. T.*ie under taliing was coinmcaced in 1817 by Mr Fruuciu Dukin/ield Palmer A-lley, of Tilefoot, Cumberland, who is lord of the manor of Dukiuflald, a township of 12G3 acres in extent and cou uiming vamauie roan oi ooai. «y scpiemonr, I8i8,? the sluift of flic put had brcn sank 220 yards' whea the wcrks wero stopped by (ho tapping of a copious spring of water, which ren dered it ncces3siry to put in pumps and drive a tunnel 80 yards long. In about fourteen months this work 'was completed, 43 yards added to tho depth of tho pi'. Shortly afterwards another spring was encountered which stopped tho works three months. At the - nd of five years from tho cotnin'incement, a depth 47 G yards had been at tained, tho last lb'3 yards haviDg occupied twenty nine months, in co'nFcquonco of the. difiioultios which had to be overcome, tho rock pierced through being veiy hard, and another tunnel 400 yards long having had to bo made. At this peint, the sinking of tl.o shaft had lo be suspended for a time, and tho mino waa worked for coal ; but in 1857 it was determined to sink the shaft to tho Black Mine, a further depth of 2IG4 yards. Operations proceeded steadily iu the face of many difficulties aud discouraging pre dictions; but tto enterprise was successfully com pleted lust week by the workneu winning the Black Mine, a litio scum of coal, 4 feet 84 inches thick, aud calculated to last thirty ycar3 at 500 tons por day. In sinking tbo shaft, twonfy-two workoblo seams of coal wero paB3cd through, as well as oight other Beams, varying from ono to six feet thick, and in tbo agrcgate 105 feet iu thickness. Tho shaft is genorally 12 feet G inches in diame ter, but near tho bottom it espauds to a diamctor of 19 feet 2 inches. It is lined with brioks nino inches thick, with strong rings of Btone at intervals of eight yards. At the bottom of tbe shaft thero in an incline nearly hall a mile long. Tho pit is fitted with very powerful machinery. Another shaft of tho some depth as this just described is noiv being sunk as an air draught. Three lives havo been lost during tho progress of tlio wcrk, but. 110 other casualties havo occurred. — Cluster Chronicle. Mysterious Affair at Kmu Cbkek. — During tho afternoon and evening of yesterday (Wednesday) various rumors were alloat that a murder had been committed at Emu Creek upon a farmer, named George Hargraves, by his brothor- iu-law, who is, ft near neighbor. We aro at present unablo to Btate anything upon authentic authority, but upon the matter being reported to Mr Choinloy, tho aotwjj superintendent of policc, it was deemed of Rtiflicicnf. importance to send out Sergeant Ryall witli a troof or about nino o'clock, to ascertain and act upon the facta of tho case. Tho mini reported dead has been 011 a drinking bout for tho last fivo or Bix days, and is stated to havo bad a quarrel and fight with the other, who is a brotherin law, and Dr Smith was sent lor to visit him during tho afternoon, but at that timo ho was merely labor ing from tha effects of excess and a ' bruising and up to tha time wo write nothing certain has been ascertained. One thing at least is certain, lhat at twelve o'clock yesterday tho man was alive, and in reply to whether ho wished more modiciuo procured for him, said ho hail plenty. Thoro ia probably 110 truth iu tho rumor. — Uendigo Mercury. Firk at Wakgaiutta. — About half- past leu o'clock on Woduesduy night, our townsfolk wero thrown into a great state of excitement by tho vio lent ringing of the National School ball, and tho cry of firo. it soon appeared that tlio largo storo of . Messrs Loarmont aud Co. was the locality of tho dis aster. Air Dimlop, of tbo firm, endeavoring to ar- ' rest the progress of the firo in whioh ho was severely burnt in tho arm, and calling for assiutanco whioh soon arrived. The neighbors flocked to tlio sceno of action, and manuing buckets, tubs, aud other vessels, IrOpt up a constant and plentiful supply of water. For about ton minutes it was a lil'o and death struggle between tho fire and tho preservers of tho store ; but after a whilo tho Hamas woro subdued bo low, but only to break out again above in the upper story, containing tho dwelling rooms of tho firm. Hero again the firo was brought under. Had two or fchreo minutes more elapsed beforo tho discovery, 110 ollortsoould lmvesivsd the stock, worth 3000/, uud tho store as woll as tho adjoining houses, a-i the groocry doputment of tho storo \v;m full of spirits iu bulk, candles, and other inflammable articles. As it is, tho destruction of proporty may bo roughly estimated at 200/. — Constitution. - Comets. — Tho absolute dimensions of the tail of a ' comfit arc, in many instances, so immonso as almost to exceed belief, were not tlio results fouuded upon incontrovertible calculations. Thn tail of tho groit comet of 1G1S mn about 50,000,000 miles in length. Tho comet of 1G80 was aoeompaiiicd by a tail of 100,000,000 of miles long. Tho tail of tho grcar oomet of 1S13 was 150,000,000 of miles in length lOuiNiisii Hick-Paper Drawinos. — Of thoir draw - iiigs, those on 'rlco paper' aro most admired in Europe. By tho name ' rice-pxpcr ' tho idoa is convoyed that the soft, britllo ground of velvety Bur fape, 0:1 which tho brilliant colors aro laid, is inado from rice pulp. This, hovvevor, is incorrect. It is a pith of a plant of tho broad-fruit genus, brought from tho western parts of China, chiefly to Canton, where the manufacture of this p.ipor aud painting gives employment to sjvoral thousand hands. Tho outline ia first laid 011 in 'Indian ink by pressure. Then tho rough delineation is filled up with tho varieties of exquisite coloring matter. — Life hi China , by ltev. William C. Miin«, M,A. Australian Flowbhs. — Tho native rose has tho color but no other resemblance to tho European queen of flowers. It is ono of tho few fiold-flowors possessing any odor. Waftod on tho passing galo, it commends itself ploasautly to tho senses ; but strango enough, on closer acquaintance, thero minglos with tho rich perfume an undoubted small of fox — a acent whioh, however productive of rapturo in 'tho field,' is hardly adapted to tho boudoir. In tho low lauds of the Botany scrub, I noticcd a crimson and orange flower, liko tho foxglovo in form, very handsome, but j so hard and horny in texturo, that tbo blossoms actu I ally ring with a clear metaUic_ sound as tho breezo shakes them. It might bd tlio fairies' dinner-bell, calling them to dow and ambrosia 1 But alas I thero are no 'good people' in Australia! no one over heard of a ghost, a boglo, or a fetoh-here. — Mim- di/'s Our Antipodes. ' London Modhl Yacht Club. — Tho closing of tho season of tho Loudon Model Yaclr. Club was oolo bratud on Saturday last by a match among it3 first class craft, tho following boats starting : — Eugonio, 0 tons, Mr D. T. White ; Blink Bonny, 5 toun, Mr G. West ; Gnat, 5 tons, Mr J. West. Tlio prizo waa a silver cup, and tho distanco from Greenwich to just below Coal Houso Point and back. Thoy got away at 11 1.30, with a W.S.W. ii;ht-away bretzo, and tho Blink Bonny slashed away with thn lead, Guat second, to Blackwall ltcaoli, whoro till! Eugenia passed hor ; but tho order of sailing at Eiith was. Blink Bonny, Gnat, Eugonie, whioh was maintained all tlio way down aud up again near Graveaend, whon the Gnat went into tho best place, and, increasing her lead all tho way homo, won by 184 minutes. Blink Bonny, which was much hampered by a yacht not in tho miitcb, was scooml ; and Eugenie arrived about fifteen minutes astern of her. — Illustrated London News. Tuts Peru's Pilgrimage. — A lottor from Romt snya : ? ' It is rumored in several craditablo quarters, that Pio N0110, who has already venturod upon' mauy steps that his moro cautious prodoccasors would novor have dreamed of, is determined to add to the memora bilia of his oventful reign a Papal pilgrimage to Palestine, witli tho full consent nnd approbation of his Imperial brother (speaking temporally,) but iui placablo enemy and rival (speaking spiritually,) tho Sultuu Abdul Medjid. The Sultan has always shown himself personally partial to Pio N0110, and iu tho be ginning of his reign ho senli tho Popo tho somewhat singular present, for an ecclesiastic, of a magnificent act of horse trappings, richly set with rosettes of miperb diamouds. These wero exhibited to tho Romans iu tho Quirinal Palaeo in tho days of Pio Nono's popularity, but tho jjwo s havo long sinco dis appeared, swallowed up by tho cxigoncies of tho troublous limes whioh followed. Tlio satisfaction the Pope derived from bis vii'it to tho sanctuary of Lorctto is stated to havo given him tho wish to visit a still moro holy spot ; aud although his health is not so robust as to suggest tho advisability of a journey in tho East, it is considered quito equal to tho 0110 alluded to, now that the steamera havo ronderod it an overy-day trip. The convents at Alexandria, Zley rout/ and Jnfl'a would consider it an imperishable honor to receive his holiness withiu their '.vails, and a few hours' land journey from tho lp,st-meatioi;od place would bring t lio cwtiyc of pil grims to Jerusa lem, whoro tho Catholic Patriarch Would, no doubt, mako duo preparations for receiving tlio common Father of tho Christian faithful. 1 havo not yet discovered tho origin of this report, nor Hhall I put faith in it until I actually soe it verified.' 