ITEMS FROM ENGLISH PAPERS The Rev. Evan Baillie recently placed his resignation of the living of Lawshall in the hands of the bishop of the diocese, preparatory to his being admitted into the church of Rome, in which step he had been preceded by his late curate the Rev. H. De Bur'gb. The living, the value of which is returned at £423, is in the gift of Sir William Middleton, Bart. Mr. 3aillie is possrssed of a large private tortune, his accession to which was signalised by the expenditure upon the restoration and orna, menting of the Church of Lawshall to the amount, it is said, of £6000. The ' Weekly Register,' announces his recep. tion into the Roman Catholic Church. i'he Rev. Charles Fraser Litchfield, curate of Poplar and Theological Associate of King's College, London, has also become a member of the same o:urob. " The sea-serpent," says the ' Spectator' "appears to have been completely estab lished. Captain Harrington of the Circas sian is a person of responsible position, and a letter he addresses to Admiral Hamilton shows him to be a sensible man. He, with his friends and companions, to the number of SO, saw the animal within a distance of 20 yards of the ship. The facts now stated tend to corroborate the account given not only by the officers of her Majesty's ship D.dalus, but by m any other persons who have seen soume animal at sea of great dimensions moving along the water at a rapid rate. All the rules of evidence make it more probable that there may be a sea-serpent than that perCsons unter such totally different circumstances should con cur on essentials-some of these persons being educated, trained to marine obsorv t tion, and perfectly trustworthy, The sea serpent is therefobre removed from the category of metaphors to illustrate impos sibtlities, into the category of realities. Its existence is one of the stories told to ' the matines' which tu'n out to be true; and it has not unfrequently happJned that the belief of 'the marines' has been more reasonable than the scepticism of those who laughed at them." The Paris correspondent of the ' Globe' says :-" The husband of the daughter of England being obliged, as all thl, Prussian princes have been, to wom k at a mechanical trade, has been long a. capital 'hand at case,' selecting to be a compositor." The ' Atienieum' announces the death of Mr. J. R. Elsey, the young and able naturalist of the North .eusrralien expedi tion. Mr. Elsey, being attacked with blood.spitting while describing his juurney and his treasures at the Geographical Society, had gone to St. Kitts for the res toration of his health. Before he had been on this island a week he sent hojm. for the British Musneim a collection of specimeus. Fever came on, and lie died, literally in service, after a few days' sick ness, at the early age of 24 Lifo only wanting to his funmo. TIlE QUEEN AND TIIE WOUNDRD OFFIrcas,-?We are informed that as soon as the news reached the Queen at Osborne of the arrival at Southampton, in the Pera, steamer, of the wounded officers flom latlia, Her Majesty telegraphed to the Adnmrality-ofllice at that port, request ing to be furnished with their names and any other particulars respecting them. The strong personal interest taken by -ler .Majebty In ualithat relates to the army is well known to the pnublic ; and we trust d that this prompt act of condescension may " be looked upon as the for'erue er of some appropriate reward to officers who have a deserved co well of their countsy.-lieimes, Ma'ch 10. 'l'E PREiSTON WILL FOORoEnY.-- lhe I Lancaster assizes opened on the 18th of a February with the Preston Will Forgery case. The court was crowded with spec- L tators who displayed an intense interest in the progress of the trial. Mr. Monk, the a prisoner, looked exceedingly dejec'ed and careworn, and his countenance betrayed deep mental suffering. On being arraigned by the clerk of the Crown, he plended a " not guilty," in a calm but distinct voice. The case was then stated at length. The a circumstances cnnectel with the charge against the prisoner have already appearaed in the Ilome .News. They were fully t proved by var'ious witnesses. When the prisoner's counsel had addressed the jury b for the defence, Mr. Baron Martin summed v up. After a few moments' consideration, the jury returned a verdict of "Guilty." His lordship then, amidst a dead silence, proceeded to Ipas sentence. He said- "'Thomas Monk, you have been committed upon the most clear and satisfactory evi dence of about as vile an offence as any man could commit, and it is ang ravatetd f and rendered still more disgraceful by your subsequent conduict; for not content with j forging a poor man's will, you, having been mayor, and holling the high otlices of a magistrate and a deputy-lieutenant of . the county, have absolutely put into your t pocket Lalf a dozen silver spoons, which the niece of t .e dead man desired to have i as a relic." No man ever more richly i r deserved the punishn?nt he was about to t a pass upon him fur such a mean fraud, for c it was the meanest that ever came before I him. The sentence was that he be sent to z penal seritude for the rest of his life. e The prisoner heard the sentence without evincing the least emo:ion; he stood and looked the judge full in the face during its a delivery, and at its conclusion he stepped a down from the froat of the dock with a a firm step. TnE END OP TItS 1VATURnOO.O-*Bl1tlo 'l'TA oEDY.-Our readers cannot fall to renrnther thaot some six months back the publio was startled fsrcm V its propriety by the discovery (upan one of the but \- tresses of WVterlo0-Brhdge) ofa carpet bag, contain ' ig the mlnti?lted romnains of a man, who was satis facto.ly proved-by the evi lenceof 'rofesscr' Taylor and other scientitic persons-to huve been ruthlessly Smuardered, and thie lish hacked from the bones. e During the investigation before the coroner, the re mains, having been securely placed in a pan, were inspected by a vast number of medical men, all of whom acquiesced in the conclusion arrived at by the gentlemen who were called in officially; and after I the jury had returned a verdict of "Wilful murder against somne person or persons unknown," tlle ec rsains were placed in the care of Mr Superintendant Durkin, with power to allow any person to rexamino e them should he think the mystery surrounding the a case sho.ld be elucitdated thereby. Few persous, however, mnade application and all tihe charges in con neetint with the case having been sefrayed and the utmost exertions of the police having been unsuc f cful in tracing the perpet ators of the diabolical 3 crimne,the attei iont of t'ie commissioners of polica was Scidled to the fact that tie bones still remained in a the charge of the authoritiesat Bow-street station; and, after due deliberation, it was decidedthat their further detention was rnaccessary to the discovery 9 of the designers of the tmurder, and that they therefore should be dispositedl in some place where they could. at si moment's notice, be again brobught to light, in CIRcase ily evidence, onl I fltsre occasion, might be rlduceed to render their production neces 3 eary, Consequently, Mr. Superintendent Durkin, acting under inistruct'ons front Scotland-yard, di rected thalt a box should bj prepared to containr the pin which hehl the remains. 'this having been done, it becameno a qestionl where the box should be deposited; and after matu.re consideration, the cemetery belonging to the London Necropolis Company at Woking was fixed upon as the place. and dunday as the day for intelruent. The pun having been plnced in the box, was sealed by Mr. 1 Superintendent Durkin, and conveyed by that gentlenman to the receiving house of the Necropolis Company in the Weastminister-tIridgo road, where he was joined by the secretary, and they both pro ceeded with the box in. the;r possession to the I cometary, where it waits deposited in a grave dug for the purpose, after the spot had been selected by Mr. Duirkin. The clothes found in the bag with the remainru are still in the custody of tthe police, for the purpose of idnt?tication. - iMorning Chronicle. WVARIANT FOR TIl A.' PReII[ENSION OF GouRort CumariN.o, Tre LIOs 1iu rrER. Warrants have been sent all over the metropolis and provinces for the apprehension of Mr. 1 Gordon Crnmmling, the well-known lion munter, who is charged with having acted indecent'y towards several respectable females, at Sandy mount, Dublin. lie is between 40 and 50 years old, six feet one inch in height, stout ritade, dark brown hair, sandy whiskers. high crowned hat, overcoat, one side black, the other white, &c.-Einglis;~ Paper, T''1I' LADY IN DISOUIsE.-A curious circum stance has come to light lately, which lhas caused a 3 laugh to turn against tie Academic. A savant reorlaber of that respected body has lhad in his employ for a long time past a young secretary, whose services ihe considered so valuable i tihe translation of tihe oriental lanuguages and the collat 3 nog of orienstsl works, that olsly six Imorntlls rigo ie idoubled hIris salary, on thie hrcat of thire secretary to leave hIim for another savant. L:st Monday ile secretbry corne, all penitent and blhshing to the esavant to declare that his rpproactring marriage Iwouald prevent a continuance of his engagement. The savant was incensed. "And who is the ac complice of yoer brainless folly 1" exclhimrn d the savant in a rager-being himsnu f a confirmudt old ba chelor and nsnot averse to marrilage. " Monsleur 1I- " roetrnedt tile secretary witlh a titter, "to whom I ani to be married on the 7ti1 of this rmonthi," The savantt looked up with alarm, and beheld tihe blutlshingg carountenance ant trembling eyes of Ilis Ssecretary. The truth flashed uipon hris mind at onlce- thie seclretlry was a wornan I And it proves to be so--one who with thIe knowledlge of Greek rnd Latll, with seven Easterrn langiuages could find no eoploynient as a "learned female," rnd who had lhesn cornprlled to assume thie dtress of tie othler sex in order to obtain a livelihood. What makes fthe joke tell more severely agiinst the savant, is the fret of M onsicUr Ht.- , the expectantjbridegroom being the very rival whose laurels hIrave prevetted tis slurnblers for tlhese lifteenr years. - ;oUsrl Jourtrrnl "Big Best" has beerl broken up. tie was lovwered the other day from the massive fIranrework whichl a splorted him in the corner of l'alace-a\nrd, and laid urpon his side on the groulnd. In t.is p sitionl tie great weight of the head of tire bell caused at Sto sink into thie earth, so as to leave its mouth, Sinstead of being completely vertical, slightly in rclined upwsardrl, ysiwning liko a nollll'rlnomus craern On thre tirarrework above a bull of iron weighing 924cwt. wu hoistedt to a hciqht of about 30 feet, nd sufferedl to fill with all its weighlt upon poor lien. Downa canro thie mass in thire inside of the sountd bow, and with a bellow Bn1t ycildled up the ghost-two piccs, o.le of abjout a ton, and one or some I0awt. of It~:wt being knocked clean out of his side. After the first blow the work o, destruction went rapidly. The fragments were all carted away to the foundary where the metal is to be re-cast. FEARFUL COLLISION IN THE CHANNEL.—LOSS OF TEN LIVES. —On Thursday morning, about half-past one o'clock, the etea.?slhip North kmneri can, on her voyagea rom ' Pozland for this port, came into collision, off Hlolyhead, with the ship Leasdler, hence for Orleans. The circumstantces are thus described by the Leander's only p:e scnger :-"The Leander was a fine ship, of 900 tous, and sailed from Liverpool, with a fine S. E. breeze, at nine o'clock o Tuesday morning, having on boa d the captain, his wife, and son, one pas senger, two mates, steward, cook and fourteen seamen. the was in light order, having about3u0 tons salt and 150 tons bal a t on b oard. We made Point Lynas at three o'clock, Skerries at five, Ilolyhead at six ; having run all this timle eight and nine knots an hour, with a fresh breeze, and - all pLain sad. All went on well until one or two a.m on Thursday, when I was awoke by a ter rible ras I of timber, and the first i,?prossion was that the ship had beon struck by lightning. I arose and tied on my llfe belt, and tried to open the state-room door, but it was jammned fast. I heard the mate's voice cry, 'Run to the passengers' room,' amnl imme'iately he and the captain's sin c burst opeln t o door, and the mate broke the window and got out. I following him that way. Going forw?vrd to the cabin, which is on deck, with a slight y raised walk round three sides of it 1 found the ca stain's wife, and son, and second mate. I then knew that we were run into, and cut two thirds through the deck, just abaft the' main rigging, starboard, on the lee a de. 'The Captalius wife exclaimed, "' The ship is sinking ; o I save ie soaeb:dy.' It was too true; and while she spoke the s' ip settled, fast to the water. I went aft again to the binnacle A man rushld past me, put the wheel down, and jumped overboard. I too' one step forward, and p saw the waves rise on every side, and then pour in like a cataract. Then I was carried fir down with the shipl, and came up to struggle with the waves with others in like circumstances. The tinu of these occurrencos must be counted in soconds,as not more than five minutes elapsed from I the first shock until the ship went down. The steamer that run us down was a short way off, and in about twenty minutes I was picked up. She turned out to be the North Ame ican, from Po:t land for Liverpool. When all saved ware mus tered we numbered, twelve namely, the captain and his sonz, mate steward, cook, six men and myself; the captain's wife, second mate w.ts pecu liarily d stressing. He was the only son of his mother, and she was a widow. We had every kinldnessshown us on board the steamer, and the passengers raised money enough to give t:eC mfts I .£5, and the eight crew Cl each. How the ace.rnt - occurred I know not, nor who was to alme--this will no doubt be investigated. ..i I know is that some are saved, and it is oc iodi's mercy that any of us are alive to tell it. James Kerr, Liverpool, passenger The flloUwinrg i the iffliial re',ort 9f I.0o captaiu of the North American, in reference Sto the melancholy attair :-"Fcbruary 11. At 1.35 a in., came in t ollision with American barque SLeander, of Bath, striking her on starboard side. The vwssel went down in about five minutes after. Part of tihe crew saved by our boats. Names of survivors : Pl g Curtis Captain ; Elijah Batc heldor, first nate ; James Noyes,. steward; James SDavis, steward; George Wood, Charles Childs, I Edward Phillips, Oliver Nason, William Hi. D)ecus, f Peter M'Arey, seamen; Oliver Q-oimby, boy James Kerr, passenger. Mrs Curtis and nine aselamen drowned." 