ORIGINAL. a Cossack of the Wulga, standing on the ridge Whereon his city stood, determined that a bridge Should be erected, leading to his purchased ground; The soil alluvial clay, and of bottom sound. Forthwith he marched, close followed by a band Of men suited to his purpose.—Laying his hand Upon the nearest shoulder, sprung to a roof. His arm outstretched, bareheaded, with extended foot-- Thus spoke—I, sole auctioneer of all the district, Have purchased land, and be assured the best l've picked Beyond that river gliding imperceptibly Before us—Observe the fence close by that gum tree, The growth of ages, fallen at last by its own weight; When it a sapling grew, is beyond the date Of oldest Colonist, but that is nothing here, Speaking is thirsty work we must adjourn to beer. My plan is this, I very oft attend the sales, And as my ground is fenced with posts and double rails, Contrive a horse or some cattle to conceal, And to our jolly butchers sometimes furnish veal. (I don't mean you, tho' your grey eyes so widely stare, But as it fits, you've liberty the cap to wear.) If numerous the attendance and the bidding Spirited, I have an Emissary, hidden To all others, but to whom my slightest motion Is apparent, and like a wave of ocean From his siesta stirs him up, and makes him rush To his Bucephalus, and through the crowd to push His way unnoticed and unseen, until the time When he appears with all my cattle, goats, and swine. This said retires a step to call the prompter up, While in his place Ghost Vindicator lifts his cap. Let us my friends and brethren all immortalise The Ancient, and with praises laud him to the skies, Our foremost townsman let us on high support him, And back him thro' bad report, thro' thick and thin. Engineers, Surveyors, alike are on our side, And every fallacy we must strive to hide, The Bridge across must be created spite of fate, Altho' all men should fight and each his neighbor hate. We're foremost in the field, have now prepared a plan, And calculated nice!y both its height and span. The Government is ours, it's servants all our own, Hitherto they trust us, they will not now disown. I'll back Observer up, and make the Ghost alone Lockhart Hunters statements sever every one. T's hard for like a Scotchman true cries old M'Farlane Shoulder firm to shoulder I'll make another Dane! BILL OXLEY. October 6th, 1858. 