THE AGE OF THE EARTH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AEOITS. i bir,--We had fain believed the late Mr, Hugh Miller had made the last desperate effort to resuscitate a defunct biblical geology, and that after his most lamentable failure no one less known to fame would have the bold- ness to renew the attempt. It appears, how- ever, that there are still living specimens of a now nearly extinct genus of philosophers, who would expend their energies in the for- lorn hope of doing what every lover of science and every honorer of religion alike seem will- ing to abandon, as an impracticable recon ciliation between the truths of both, and what must be regarded as an obsolete the- ology. In this last attempt, in the course of lec tures just concluded at the Mechanics Insti- tution, we only behold another instance of misdirected talents vainly endeavor- ing to illuminate the light of nature. If the " age of the earth" offer any topic worthy inquiry for its own sake, the investigation should proceed unencumbered by any other consideration; it should be approached simply as a matter of pure science, irrespec- tive of anticipated conclusions. Let the physical philosopher determine, if he can, our geological history, and leave to the theologian tho task of modifying his interpretation, if his narrative be found irreconcilably at variance with physical truth; nor must he fear the charge of infidel tendencies in such a course, for it is not alone to geology that such excep- tion has been taken, but to the cultivation of all natural science In the present instance we find at the outset precautions carefully taken to avoid this, and conciliate a hearing, by allusions to injudicious interpretations of the first chapter of Genesis, and the promise of one more in accordance with the require- ments of the case. This has, however, been judiciously withheld—for those who would not like their preconceived notions of theology assailed, and declined to submit them to the newer aspect, would, of course, be bigots ; while those who declare they see no necessary connection between a simple physical fact and a bygone religious dispensation would be reviled as infidels, or something worse. Fur- thermore, as every fresh interpretation of the record is tantamount to a rewriting of the text, every new version propounds, in effect, a new theory This last attempt at reconstruction might have been highly suc- cessful if we could only, comprehend the drift of it ; but it would be nearly as difficult to evolve any distinct meaning out of tint conglomeration of facts and ideas as to write a new cosmogony. The learned lecturer, conscious of the deli cacy of the question he discussed, was not willing to sacrifice wholly the science that he loved to the demands of a theology he must bow before—hence his dubiety. While he contends that all things originated with an all-wise Creator, he allows man's inge nuity -the product of the same Being's highest creative effort man can com- prehend anything of—"may trace the subsequent natural arrangements." God, it was said by a great philosopher, works by geometry ; and even the learned lecturer admits the notion of the origin of the existing organic world, evolved according to a series of regularly-adjusted laws out of its primitive elements, although, like some other very pru- dent philosophers, from a salutary appre- hension of popular odium, he was unwilling openly to avow such an obnoxious tenet. Yet. from under all such transparent disguises, it is but one step to the naked avowal of the truth—if, indeed, they are really anything more than a tacit confes- sion of it—that nothing in geology bears tho smallest resemblance to any part of the Mosaic cosmogony, torture the interpre- tation to whatever extent we may. " The Scriptures," says the lecturer, " are a vehicle of religious truth, not a system of science. They were adapted to the com- prehensions of the men to whom they were addressed." Allow me to complete this quo tation from the original source,-"The narra tive, as a whole, as it cannot be received as historical, may be regarded as a poetical, representation; adapted, as it was addressed, to the Israelites, as the basis of the institution of the Sabbath.' The desire of reconciling science with reli- gion arises from a misconception of the proper limits of philosophy and theology, and leads to an incongruous mixture of the two. Thus tho fantastical philosophy of Tycho Brahe and Descartes arose from the idea of reconcil- ing astronomy and scripture; thus were the principii of Moses opposed to those of New- ton; and thus have the various schemes of Bible geologists, from Chalmers to Smith, succeeded one another, until, in the specula- tions of Miller, the very last possible re- sources of biblical interpretation must be regarded as thoroughly exhausted, to show to the world the very ghost of defunct biblical geology. In a great degree it may be said of Dr. Murray, as it was of Hugh Miller, that he knew thoroughly the historic facts, and he set himself to torturing them and a piece of ancient writing into an identity of meaning, of which they were, on an e facie and honest reading of, both utterly insuscep- tible. In this sorry task he garbled texts and ignored passages. He racked his brain to a suicidal insanity in a vain attempt to make two and two five ! Is it not most melancholy?—An ingenious and naturally turnest and upright mind twisting and twisted, and through such a cause lost to truer and better ends! What are we to expect in the way of probity from a commu- nity where falsehood may thus be made with applause to take the place of truth, where honors are heaped on a man in proportion to the skill and ingenuity with which he could subjugate reason and fact to the views of prejudice. From such consi- derations, are we not almost justified in concluding that the world has still to wait for a religion which shall grow stronger and stronger with every development of sound scientific acquirement? The lecturer alleges the theory of progres- sive development to be absurd, because con- trary to the researches of Cuvier—as if he would erect the dictum of this philosopher into another final authority, beyond which there could be no advance. Why the author of the " Vestiges" controverts the con clusions of Cuvier successfully ; and, further, his views are in unison with those of later and as great naturalists, and in harmony with the speculations of the first philosophers in abstract science. For example, what says Butler in the great "Analogy"? "Our nature corresponds to our external condition:" improve the external condition, and you have a pro gressive development of the nature—the elevation of the one leads to the corresponding raising of the other, forming a permanent change of character." This, with innumerable other quotations of similar import, without being severed from their context, prove Butler's leading idea to be the same as that of the much- maligned, be cause much misunderstood and much mis- represented, author—viz., that advancement is a law or method of nature. Life itself is change, and its form depends on its relative, external conditions. Of this truly original work its author justly says it never had a single declared adherent—obloquy has been poured upon the nameless author from a score of sources and his leading idea, in a sub- dued form, finds its way into books of science, and gives a direction to re- search. Professing adversaries write books in imitation of his, and with the benefits of a few concessions to prejudice, contrive to ob- tain the favor denied to him. But, notwith- standing all opposition, we think that under its own law of progressive im- provement, by which the faculties of each successive race are more just and more comprehensive than those of their prede- cessors, its discoveries, now confined essen- tially to the studious, enlightened, and candid few, will become eventually the creed of the learned, and finally the elementary principles of education. OPIFER. 