AN IDLE STORY. By a Sleepy ane (after reading" The Raven"). "i " Tis te wice f the sluggard.r' L" -Dr Watt. As ley In bed one morning, all thought of trouble scorning.. ,Aod'drOwsaly forgetful of the days of heretofore; uddely I w a ghost, standing cloose to my bedpost, Stllland'ellant as that poat he stood upon my chamber Its form wa vague and vapoury, and clad 1n cloudy * " dmapenr , And Cley blue and blendiles was tile counlenaoneelt wore And tile sunlightl, loft and maolow, fell In streaks of sickly y nellowo On the hlorid logey fellow, that I'd never seen before. Now I felt a heavy chillones creep upon me in the still. And oy heart's'blood lowing slugglshly, a fo mm a fail lg store; a l And ile atmosphere grew thicker, as If I'd been in liquor, And my soul turned sick and sicker, I wot not well iwherefore.. My fears I tried to deaden; but dull. and cold, and tIlendll, All efllfort grew and energy,s flno'or wan heretofoure Vlihleh lrcumstadcl slumllming, I felt a somlething con. ing, For wlich I walted wearily In dull mlsgiving sore. And there beside the dlmilty with sllelyequanlmlly, This cold end spetral rilltorslool hodolg my doer; And my heart was strngnly shivered, and fluttered like u bird, When'a voice, more felt than heard, this warnlng did outpour. 'lam one of eil fame, dark Indolence my name; I hrave power o'er every mortal, and it home on every I clog the limbs with lazines, I cloud the mind with I lead the way to craziness--hy foe for orermore. Till thou rest beneath the turf, thou for ever anrt my entr, MIlno, desp the powers of earth,-lts widom, wealth ind lor;' ThyI limbs shall drag my chain, and my hand-print shall iremain Upon thy palsied brain, until it wither to the core." Ths lIlke a grand Inquisitor, my mouldy lookling vsllor Condemned me, even all unheard, unfrleuded, and forlorn; And my prldo wau orely, humbled and' my courageo Sfairly crumbled, . And so utterly down tumbled I never felt before. Then thle phantom dlnppeored, and another voe I Sheard; It Spok Il toes of maelody that angel i might adore t 'I0h mh wo o sorrow born thnou arnt noit Iforlorn, One gaundlon spirit helters thee, a frIend for ever sure. TBy all Cio hera Itha move thee, by the memories that ,eprove thee, . lills from the slaveryon of loh, ars thee hm Implore; Ullnthoughtful noon-day dreamor, thou loul bewldcred schomer, Shlao of the toils of indolence, thine own free will re store." . Then around me iu the room, reigned the salenee of lth . tohmb AntI wondered long, nd vainly stroe my soul to re assure For I darkly understood that eo evil powrer end good, Untlrntly within me would be warring erermoro. As l fellow under selantner felit I dolorous repentance, 'eernlgboaec uIto the vista of the memories of yore 8o I rue and donned my raiment,and I vowed to make repaylment For the dayl of godleas Indolence I'd aquaudered here tofore. And I toll tl1s little slLory not for holleor or for glory, lint beacon like I buill It on a lone unhailowed shore; Where Iendlence hath throwa me, and orrow, ashe -,thlknowo me, Hope's brighltest rslon flown me, perchance for erer more l And I versify my narrante, by owy of a preparaote, For brifngng in effectively a moral I're In store aood reader, then, take warning, rim up early In tile mrning, ' And every day one the more Is tlken from your satore. . And aurime forever rankblt to beolled In sheletor blanket, When the sun Is oa your window and the milkman at your door; " 'Tis moelt unhappy practice, and a failing wlhich In fact Is, The ource of all my troubles, as described herelulo And furthermore, and asoly, I recommend you vsally, When dliatlngulshed looking Ipectrea come ond figure on yolrfl oor, , To their ghostly ilantervention lro Ive the uttermolt atte tion, Thatlthegood a-vice they menilo, he remembered ever more. · : , ',- . . , Ax AtRNSa'T .APmAL.--Thle Woodstock Jornal' says :-"Will those of oar sub ecribers who are In debt for moro than a year's gubscription be kind enough to re init thd amount by maLl P Wedo eed tihe enooy !and must hane it. Our 'cirdditors want.their due, and we ask you, gs a mat ter of' slmplc"justice, to pay os, that we may be enabled to do It. IV!ll you not P" INTI?LLmCTUAL Cis'r?Ua .-The highest purpose of intellectual cultivation is to give moan a perfect knowledge and m?astery of his own inner elf;": to render our consciouones its own light and its own nlrrorj Hence there Is the less reason to he eurprised at our inability to enoter fully into the feelings and characters of others. No on who has not a complete knowledge of hinmself will over have a true under atalididg of another. 