CAMPBELL'S CREEK. [ FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] FEAST OF HUNGRY GHOSTS. — On Monday I was witness of the strange ceremonies observed by the Chinese during the celebration of a solemnity — if a solemnity that be which is closely allied to farce — known, unless I am mistaken, as the " Feast of hungry spirits." A procession of about 100 Celestials, in Indian file, might have been seen wending their way to the cemetery, preceded by the bearers of the dainties provided for the occa- sion. The most conspicuous of these were three hapless porkers split down the middle, and roasted whole. Round their tails, snouts, and ears strips of vermillion paper were twisted, and each defunct grunter bore upon his back a rooster in a rampant attitude, but done as " brown " as the pigs. On reaching the centre of the burial ground the train halted ; the dead animals were placed in a row on the grass ; and several heaps of small cakes were deposited alongside. A number of bowls full of rice, with the accompanying spoons, were then added with due gravity to the other dainties, and the crowning luxury in the shape of a bottle of Old Tom completed the preparations for the ban- quet. These arrangements effected and sundry unctuous aud loving glances bestowed by the crowd upon the viands, the assemblage scattered in all directions, and presently seemed as if they were seized with an irresistible propensity to nod at every object they encountered. Several score of heads, and caps were wagging, like the porce- lain figures in a tea shop, in front of the wooden rails which surrounded the tombs. The ceremo- nies performed by each one were alike. The hands being joined were swung up and down three times, then the devotee fell on his knees and per- formed the ko-kow thrice, after which he rose and lifted his arms as at first. In some instances after this act of homage the worshipper would light a handful of incense sticks, or a few wax tapers, and leave them burning before the grave. Others contented themselves, with the cheaper offering of some pieces of yellow paper arranged in the form of a star, and kept in that position by being capped with a number of stones. These preliminary rights having ended, the crowd returned to the spot where the provisions were stationed, a guard of honor having been left there in the mean time to ward off the attacks of the juvenile Bedonins, who curiosity had attracted to to the scene. The whole of the Chinese, one after another, then went through the same performance in again mechanically bowing to the pigs, and some of them laughing while they did so, as if they were conscious of the comicality of the whole pro- ceedings. If there were a spark of devotional feeling in the whole affair, it must have been on the focus a non lucendo principle. The ceremonies concluded by spilling some Chinese brandy on the earth, pouring out the old tom, scattering the rice, and discharging several bundles of crackers. The last operation appeared to excite more interest than any other part of the business, two or three of the spectators throwing the fireworks into the air and enjoying the fun amazingly. The porkers were then once more lifted on the shoulders of the bearers, the cakes were packed up again, and soon the entire congregation was marching off to the camp, headed as before by the substantial portion of the edibles. With all his superstition, the Chinaman has sense enough to perceive that roast meat is much better adapted to a terrestlal stomach, than to the spiritual digestion of his shades. I cannot conclude this imperfect des- cription of a very singular scene, without ques- tioning the propriety of permitting such practices as those referred to, in a cemetery set apart for the interment of the European population. The Chinese have a right to pay such marks of respect to their own dead, as the customs of their country may prescribe ; but the feelings of other classes must also be considered. Many Englishmen are shocked, at the noise of fireworks in places which should he held sacred from disturbance; and disgusted that hundreds of foreigners should be allowed to trample down like a mob of cattle, the turf which lies on the breasts of departed relatives. Every one who has lost a dear or valued friend can sympathize with this sensitive- ness. This subject deserves more attention than has been bestowed on it. While no educated man will advocate an interference with the religious practices of the Chinese, however absurd they may appear to him, yet he may without an approach to intolerance, demand that their rules and cere- monies shall be performed in such a manner as not to annoy the other inhabitants. The best method of guarding against this evil would be to have a separate cemetery for the Mongolians. THE TELEGRAPH. — The telegraphic posts hav- ing been erected down to Guilford so as to con- nect with the part of line already completed, thence to Daylesford, the wiring is being rapidly effected. The communication as is now complete as far as the Odd Fellows' Arms, and should the work be completed at it its present rate, in a couple of weeks or so we shall be able to send and receive messages from Jim Crow. The poles which have been put up on Campbell's Creek are of the roughest description, and little more has been done than to take the bark off. Surely it would not materially add to the expense , while it would considerably improve the look of our streets, if some description of wood were chosen not liable to warp, and admitting of being pro- perly dressed. In the bush it does not matter how crooked the supports for the wire may be, as the curve of the trees afford no such unpleasant contrast to the eye as the rectangular lines and smooth surfaces of the houses. NEW QUARTZ CRUSHING MACHINERY.— Row- ley and Co. or Ridda and Co. are taking active steps to complete their machine at an early day. Part of the building materials are already on the ground, and one of the parties is now at Mel- bourne arranging for the purchase of the appa- ratus. The engine will be on the Cornish princi- ple, and work a battery of 20 stamp heads. I un- derstand the proprietors intend making a material reduction in the rate of crushing. In some cases the rate of disintegration has already fallen to £1 per ton, and no doubt this will soon be the current charge everywhere in the neighbourhood of Castlemaine. Such an alteration cannot but be attended with most beneficial consequences to the prosperity of the district, and it is generally believed, among quartz miners, that a lower tariff would cause a general resumption of abandoned shafts. Rowley and Co. are composed of some dozen hardworking and steady reefers whose perseverance has met with deserved success. They own a claim on the Bolivia, as well as a very rich one on Nuggetty Reef, and consequently will al- ways find work for the machine themselves when- the public may not require its services. THE PERMANENT LEVELS, &c.; — It is to be hoped that no time will be lost in striking the permanent levels along this road, or a stop will be put to all improvement, by those who look before they leap. As it is, several of the best and most substantial buildings on the Creek will be left like a ship on high and dry ground, and in a worse position than your office. The People's store, a handsome dressed stone erection, has been elevated fully 6 or 7 feet above the permanent foot-path by the recent cutting down of the carriage- way, and some of the adjoining property has fared little better. The present condition of the road con- trasts most favorably with its state at any former period, and leaves little to be desired, except the reducing of the steep ascents, near the ' Five Flags ' and the ' John O'Groats '. It is no exaggeration to say that many persons who have been absent from the Creek three or four years, would find some difficulty in recognising the once impassable thoroughfare under its new and level exterior. THE ALLUVIAL WORKINGS. — I never recollect to have seen fewer alluvial miners than there are now at work on the Creek. The Chinese who lately swarmed along its banks by thousands have left for drier or richer ground. Of the whole army who took possession of the diggings between the ' Five Flags ' and ' Odd Fellow's Arms ', there are now but a few solitary individuals to remind one of the invaders. On Rabbit or Broadhurst's Flat, however, there is a small, encampment of them, that vicinity having been opened later, and by consequence less thoroughly turned over than most of the auriferous soil in this direction. Some Europeans engaged on the spot are making a fair living, while here and there a lucky party are doing more than that. One instance came to my knowledge of two mates who divided £40 between them for their last week's labor. Rare as such cases of good fortune now are, they serve the very important end of encouraging the unsuc- cessful to persevere in a calling which is the main- stay of our commercial prosperity. 