..... SYDNEY, THURSDAY, JUNE 10.' \ THE political, turmoil and vicissitudes which have followed upon the establishment of Responsible Government in the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, will mtnrally ' form'the subject of surprise and conjecture, and .possibly of reproach; with people in. England who take an interest in Australian affairs. Im- perfectly acquainted as they must needs bo with the social, industrial, and political anta- gonisms which had grown up under the pro . existing anti-popular and irresponsible colonial Government-knowing, little,'if anything at all, "respecting tho virtual revolution brought about by the gold discovery in'the inner life, charac- ter, prospects, and .condition of the colonists at large-or deriving their information on those matters from interested and prejudiced sources, they may be apt to arrive at wrong conclusions. Viewed in connection with antocedont and col- lateral circumstances, our frequent ministerial .changos.. and departures from established usage will excite neither censuro nor surprise. But, abstractedly considered,, they aro un- doubtedly liable to the calumnious impu- tation east upon them by tho "obstructionist faction, of proçcediug from' a vague and in- sensate desire of innovation. For upwards of thirty yeare past a system of squatting upon the public lands for.pastoral purposes has boon iu operation. It was com- menced at first by sufferance of thc Govorn mont, and growing into importance as a colo- nial interest, it was continued by consont and regulated by law. Tho extraordinary returns upon the. capital invested in this pursuit, in consequence of the unrestricted appropriation to personal profits of tho rich natural pasturage of our vast interior by those engaged in it, soon attracted the notice and engrossed the energies of tho wealthy and intolligont of the colonial community, and tho adventurous and .enterprising in tho mothor-country. It became tho leading interest of tho colony, as yielding tho largost commcrc'tnl returns, and the greatest general benefit. Hut as population spread and settlements í> wore formed in Hie neighbourhood of the squat- ters, tho interests of these Shepherd Kings os they wore termed by Mr. WENTWORTH-came into collision with thoso of tho bona-fidc sottler of limited moans. Honco arose marked hostility of sentiment and purpose between these different classes of colonists, which was moro or loss activo and intenso in each particular caso, according to tho porsonnl character and disposition of the neighbouring monopolist. Tho squatters onjoyod tho ascen- dant over thoGovornniont,and tho entire control of legislation. Regulations wore framed by tho local Govornmont to secure their domination and monopoly-and torras woro oxactod of tho Imperial legislature to givo effect to claims on thoir part of tho most exorbitant and inequitable complexion. Tho bond of a com- mon intorost had now united tho rival factions of WENTWORTH and MACARTHUR, which had previously ronrosontodrosnootivelv tho Wilier and Tory sooüons of coloniul'socioty. WENTWOIITH throw into tho acolo of tho squatters tho waight of his reputation, power and talents, and became tholr avowed organ and champion. It was sternly denied by him that Now South Wales was fitted by natura for anything but shcop runs and cattlo stations. Thoso who resisted this doctrine, or questioned tho claims advancod upon it, were stigmatized as demagogues and revolutionists. It was further proposod to cront'o an order of hereditary nobility to consist of tho aforesaid Shepherd Kings, who woro; to form an Uppor I-Iouso of Parliamont in imita- tion of tho British Houso of Lords. To this WILLIAM CHAULES WENTWORTH lont himself in his old âgé. He framed a constitution ;for his native country, in which this was to be the con- servativo provision fdr the retention of the pastoral dominion of the Shepherd Kings. . The scheme of hereditary Botany Bay nobil- ity, however, was too ridiculous to bo carried into existence, and Mr. WENTWORTH contented himself with, framing a constitution in which it was attempted to secure by a certain distribu- tion of the representation the preponderance of the squatting interest in tho Legislature. Its perpetuity" was likewise provided for by a clause requiring the concurrence of two-thirds of tho members of each House of Legislature to any change in the . constitution, and the in- violability of the squatters' vested rights, guar- anteed by the enactment that any law authori- sing an abridgment or abrogation of them should he wholly void and inoperative unless it contained « an effectual provision awarding full compensation to all parties' injuriously affected by such law." A-r,,. Such were the .main . feature, of .the Went- worth Constitution Act.uwhich was passed in defiance of tho people óf the colony by a House composed of one- third of Grown nominees and a majority of squatters. The real representa- tives bf the people stood against it in a minority of eight to.¡a* , majority of thirty:three. But notwithstanding Mr. WENTWORTH'S elaborate provisions'; for regulating and controlling tho future,-the spirit of progress has broken, or is breaking, every bond. The ' genius of Demo- cracy; which naturally emanates from English institutions whenever operating apart from tho ¡pówer and prostige of British aristocracy, as it .must in a new country like this, has pervaded the main structure of colonial society in com- mon with the feeling of social and political equality incidental to our circumstances and relations as colonists. And this spirit-com-; bining with the natural indignation1 of the; people against the squatters', monopoly of tho public lands, and their exemption from the public burdens, as well as against the paper con-: »stitution by which such abuses were upheld ^has given rise to u loud and general de-; maud for Reform. Tho monopoly of tho public lands is the principal grievance. Elec-' toral reform-an extension of tho suffrage al-, most amounting to universal, and an equitable distribution of the representation-are con-: sidered and desired chiefly as means to that end. The common-law rights of Anglo-Saxons without statùtable restrictions form the sub- stance of the popular demands. The sequence between cause and effect will be .readily per- ceptible to a philosophical mind, oven without reference to collateral circumstances. But tho latter havo precipitated and given intensity to' the natural progress of ideas, and sweeping democrática! changes have become inevitable. Lot it hot be supposed, however, that dis- affection to the parent State, or disloy alty to the British Sovereign, has the remotest connexion with tho popular sympathies and desire. The opposite sentiments of respect and affection for their QUEEN and father-land have been sen- sibly confirmed by the timely concession to the colonists bf the right of managing their-own affairs. Neither is there any room for appro hension that tho lower classes of tho com- munity will endeavour to oppress the higher to over-ta,x the wealthy, or despoil tho squat- ters. The just claims of the pastoral interest, wo feel fully assured, will bo scrupulously re- spected. It may suit the purpose of inter- ested individuals to make charges of this na- ture, but they aro falso and calumnious. We are a community _of Anglo-Saxons, with all that love of order ond'respect for property and obof dienco to established laws which distinguish 4^10 Anglo-Saxon race. : ^In the first Parliament of Now South Wales, which mot in pursuance of the Wentworth Con- stitution Act, the squatting interest obtained, as was anticipated, a preponderance, and which was increased by tho GOVERNOR appointing a leading member of that party, Mr. DONALDSON, to tbe office of Prime Minister. This resulted of course in a Squatting Ministry, and the nomination, by such Ministry, to the. Upper House, or Legislativo Council, of a whole host of adherents to its antipopular policy. Tho preponderance of tho squatters in tho House of Assembly was, however, too slight to admit of tho Donaldson Ministry form- ing a Government sufficiently strong to conduct tho business of the country, and the PREMIER, whoso irascibility is at onco the sourco of his power and weakness, resigned in a fit of the spleen. Ho was succeeded by Mr. COWPER at tho head of a Ministry selected from tho Liberal party in the. House. Bul the squatting members again combined, and ovei> threw theLiboral Government. His EXCELLENCY declined to assent to à dissolution, and another squatter administration was formed under the leadership of Mr. PARKER,, an old Government official of squatting propensities and tempor- ising qualifications, who was supposod to bo able to carry out tho Govornmont policy by means of coaxing measures and conciliatory behaviour. But the Parker Ministry wuB composed of analogous party materials to the broken-up Donaldson Cabinet, and participated in similar views of publia policy. After a fruitless attempt to carry through tho Assembly an Electoral Bill, intended to supplement tho defects, in a squatting point of view, of tho WENTWORTH scheme, and which far surpassed its prototype itt cunning and iniquity, the Parker Miuistry also gavo up tho ghost. Tito Liberal parly re- turned to power, but being unable to pass a Lund Bill, received tho concurrence of his EX- CELLENCY to dissolve tito Assembly. Electoral Reform was now loudly demnnded by thc community at largo, and at tho subse- quent gouoral election a groat majority of tho mombors woro roturned to tho Assembly for tho purpose of accomplishing it. . Tile now Parliament met on the 23rd of March, and Sir DANIEL OOOPEII, a member of tho Liberal party, who had occupied tho Speak- er's chair in tho last Parliament, wus unani- mously electod Speaker. Tho first trial of strength between tho rival partios was therefore on the oloction of the Chairman of Committees, and tho Liboral candidato,. Mr. ARNOLD, was elected by a decisivo majority. Tho mombors of tho old party woro exasperated beyond measure, and crave full vant at first to tim bitter. noss of their feelings. . . In tho GovunNon's oponing spoeoh particular Btross was laid upon tho moasuro of Electoral Roform to bo introduced by tho Government. It was announced, that with tho oxcoption ol' tho transaction of tho financial business of the country, Electoral Roform would be considered tho principal object of the sossion. On tho 80th March n Bill to amend tho Electoral Law was brought in by Mr. COWPER and road a first limo, the second reading being fixed for that day three weeks. This . moasuro embodies an extensivo roform adapted to, tho I circumstances of the colony and tho goulus anti ' requirements of ita inhabitants. It próvidos for manhood suffrage ! under the limitation of I citizenship or ^ naturalisation, < ' and -1 of six months' residence in the electoral district for which the vote is to ba given. It abolishes | the old inconvenient and unnatural electoral divisions by counties, and substitutes for them tho boundaries of the police districts < which have been determined by the settlements of the population in connexion with the natural fea- tures of the country. It embraces álsor an approximation to representation on the basis, of numbers, in the distribution of the members to be returned, a slight advantage being given to the sparsely'peopled districts in the interior over; the metropolitan' constituencies. . It in- cludes likewise vote by-ballot. Tho Bill has fully answered the expectations of the public, and met with an approval almost universal out of doors. In tho Assembly, how- ever, it has been assailed by the Opposition, as was' to be expected, with every epithet of oppro- brium; it has been denounced as revolutionary and destructive, and will probably be resisted as long as the minority eau avail itself, in doing so, of the forms of the House. The second reading was carried , by a largo majority and the Bill is now tinder considera- tion of the House in committee. The Opposi- tion persevere in resisting its progress, but without effect, notwithstanding that a division of opinion among its original supporters:has strengthened their efforts., The Ministry command a working majority still, which seems to be increasing by tho ill-advised tactics of their opponents, and however slow the passage' of tho .Bill may. be its ultimate success appears to be as certain as any future event dependent upon human caprice can be reckoned to bo.' "V *: The passing of this Bill willintxoduce anew political era. It will be the commencement of. many reforms essential to the peace and progress of the colony. An equitable adjustment of the Land Question will be its immediate successor and consequence. The mah of limited means will then be enabled to settle upon land of his own, ; immigration will bo stimulated, and the first j effectual opening will be made for the subjuga- tion of the wilderness, and the settlement of population in the vast and fertile interior dis- tricts of tho colony. The final results aro too grand, in our opinion, to be estimated at pro- sont. But time will vindicate the character of the/present beginning of a better system, and stamp with universal condemnation the land monopolyand: the iniquitous political system it is based upon. PRESBYTERIAN CoLLEiiB.-Steps have beau originated with a view to the'erection of a Presbyterian .College within the University of Sydney, in terms of the Federal Colleges Ad. There being, however, .several divisions of the Presbyterian ohuroh, and as the vexed question of State aid has long been agitated amongst them, it has been a matter of difficulty to arrive ot any general plan by which tho entire body can bs brought to barmoniz) in support of the proposed college.. It is thought,'how. .ever, that iu tho ooursa of a short time the difficulty will havo been BO far overcome, that the project will be carried out. Honiicai/TUJUi. "AND AOUICUXTUIUL SOCIETY.-The above sooiety on tho 27th May last held a grand dinner, at the School of Arts. Tbs Governor-General ocoupicd tho chair, and nearly all the members of the colonial Parliament, and gentlemen interested in agriculture were, present. The main objeot of the dinner was to take steps to establish a model farm at Parramatta ; for this purpose 250 acres of the Government Domain, Parramatta, have been set apart. Tho Boheme, we believe, originated with the Governor-General, who is President of the socioty; and in his speech, at the dinner, he explained that tho objects of the establishment of, this model farra was to enooarage agriculture, and by trying upon it a series of experiments to enable the society to put agri- culturists in possession of such information as would be valuable to- them, as to the best and most eooomical modes of , enriching the lands of the oolony, and produoing : therefrom Buffioiont grain, ace, . for tho use of the . oolony, at such a price as will enable tba growers to compote with tba importers of foreign produce. The project baa boen warmly received, so far as we oan learn,- and is likely to be successfully carried out. After the dinner, £800 was subscribed on tho spot towards tbe OBtabliBhment of this model farm, for whioh £11,000 will be required. INDIAN MUTINY RELIEF FUND.--Additions .to tho sums already subscribod towards relieving thc sufferers by tho lalo Indian mutiny daily pour in from different parts of tho colony; and tho sympathy fdlt is extremely general. Tho donations, have been very larga in nuni- ; ber, though small in amount. Tho ninth subscription j lUt, just published, shews an addition of £208 ls. Ttl. to tho fund previously coUocfed. ATTEMPTED ESCAPE -or TUREE CONVIOTB VBUSI COCKATOO ISLAND.-On Tuesday morning at about half past seven o'olook,' three conviols attempted to escape from Cockatoo Island by swlmraiug to the Lano Cove Bide of the Parramatta River. These prisoners shortly after having been turnod out took up a hand ort and proceeded round tho island in the vioinity of tho sentry, box beneath tbe flagstaff ; obserring no ono near they stripped themselves and oonoenled their clothes in the hand cart. They were on the point of jumping in the water whoa they were noticed hy a convict named Dooking, who happened to be passing at tho timo. Ho immediately ran and informed the police and the super- intendent of tho island ; meanwhile tbe three men had plunged into tho water and had swam nearly half way aoross before the boatB were fuirly in pursuit. A num- ber of tho police proceeded to the - point nearest in a diroot line' to the positiau of the mou in the water and fired sevoral rounds of 1m l cartridge at them, some of the bullets riooohoting within a few inches of the men in the water. During tho progress of the firing the guard boat wont in pursuit with three policemen in it, as also two other boats-ono of them tbe provision boat; the other, a spare boat, was manned wno iwo or toreo poncomou. Tue firing wns continued until all ohanee. of escapo was cut off) and if our information be aorrcot, for some time nflor it was absolutely justifiable. Wbon the prisoners were fairly captured they were net permitted to got Into the boats, but were commanded at tho peril of their HVOB to remain in the walor, bottling on in a statu of oomplete exhaustion to the stern-of tho provision boat; indeed ono of tho men bad partially succeeded in getting into the bow of the provision boat, when he was forced into the water again. Tho whole of thu boats formed into a convoy, and osoortod the prisoners to the shoro, when some of the. froa officers of the ' island-not altogether dostitutu of humanity-holpod tho men out of the wator. Tho whole of tho men whore so prostrated with tho intenso oold, and tho exertion necessary to support them- selves In tho waler, that they were quite oxhaustod on rouching tho shore. Tbis attemnt at escapo is to bo at- tributed to th» absence of tho sentry at the station uudor the flag-Bin ff, which, when tho island was gttordod by tho military, wes regularly ooaupied by a sentry. Thievery extraordinary ocourrenoe in the broad light' of day oalls for investigation at tho hands of tho Government. If, a-t ba* been openly statod through tho oily, tho firing was continued long after all chnaoo of escupe bad boen out off, this is a still moro cogent roason why tho public should bo informed as quioltly ns poBBiblo of the real state of the oase, ns not only the discipline and guar. dianship of the island aro involved, but also the human- ity of certain members of tho police who composo that guard. A policeman hos since been placed an sentry at the station undor the ihig.Btnff. TUB NEWTOWN IUFLE CLUS mot nt Bnrwon l'ark ou Mon tl ny last to contend for three prizes, whoa soma oracle shaotiuD waa displayed. First priuo.a liandsoroo silver cup, valurd nt five guineas; distnnco, 300 yards; 2-lt.ot target, throo shots oaoh ; won by Slr. Oharies Itohnrts, of Qoorge.stroet. Measurement, from contre, 3 funt 2} inches. Next best shot, Mr, B, Haunt y of Hunter-street ; from oentro, 3 foal 7|, Third boat, Mr, -; measurement from contre, 8 feet Oj. Second pri/.o, won by Mr. Hounoy, dlstanue, ICO ynrds, Mea. auremmit, from oontro, SS) Inehos. Seound host shot, Mr. T. Mobbs.; from centre, 374 inehos. Third omi 1 'St priée, a handsome pleooof silver, won by Mr. Houry Thomas, af Newtown, by striking tho oentro of tho bull's eye, 1 Sweepstakes, won by Mr. Charles Bobarts. As usual, tho sport finished with a spread at host Bown'«. ' Count or RÜQUEBTU.-X'10 JURISDICTION.--The Court will resuth* its sittings this morning! ot ton o'clock, with the trial of COBO No. Wi, and will adjourn after hearing case 880. 