Miscellaneous The Du'c D'Orleans at his Devo tions. — His passionate desire, like '.tlmt' of his companions in morals, was this, that it would turn out that there is no God ; but he had too much enlightenment to be an Atheist, who is a particular kind of fool much more rare than is thought. This enlightenment importuned him ; he tried. to extinguish it and could not. A mortal soul would have been to him a resource ; but he could- not convince convince himself of its existence; A God and an immortal soul threw him into. sad straits, and yet he could not blind himself to the truth of both the one and the other. I can say then this, I know of what religion he was not; nothing more. I am, sure, however, that he was very ill at ease upon this point,1 and that if a dangorous illness had overtaken him, and he had had the lime, he would have thrown himself into the hands of all the priests and all the capuchins of the town.. His great foible was to pride himself upon his impiety, and to wish to surpass in that every' body else. I recollect that one Christ-. mas time, at Versailles,when he accom panied the king to morning prayers, and to three midnight masses, he surprised the court by his continued application in reading a volume he had brought with him, and which appeared to be a prayer book. The chief femme de chambre of Madame la Duchesse d'Orleans. much attached to the family, and very, free, as all good old domestics are, transfixed with joy at M. le Due d'Or leans's application to his book, com plimented him upon it the next day, in the presence of others. M. le. Due d'Orleans allowed her to go on some time,- and then said, 'You are very silly, Madame Imbert. Do you know what I was reading ? It was 'Rabelais,' that I brought with me for fear of being bored.' — Memoirs of the Duke de St. Simon. ., Music— With nll-;,hi«, supercilious heartlessness, Horace Walpole wrote sumc very sensible- things, ! 'Had; I; children,' he once snid, 'my utmost en deavours would be to breed them musi cians, . Considering I have . ho .ear,' 'nor even a thought for. music, the preference seems odd, and, yet it is embraced on frequent reflection. In short, my aim woiild.be to make them happy, I think it is the most profitable method. It is a resource- which will last : their lives, unless they' grow deaf ; it makes them depend upon themselves, not on others; always amuses ; and, soothes,, if not con soles.; and of nil fashionable, pleasures it is the cheapest. It is' capable of fame, withoutithe r danger ;of ?criticism;; and is .susceptible of- enthusiasm without being priesUridden.' .!-..- . ' A Bishop no Parson.— Tlie follow ing story is 'given by the Droit : — *' Some months back a. Bishop' was' cele- lirating'Divine service.' at Corun'nti, nnd among-ttho congregation;; was- a; retired soldier, who recognised the Prelate as a man who had served as : a common sol dier in the same' regiment as .himself, nnd who, after, long-continued miscon duct, had des3rte;l.,. Surprised to find a dest-rter become n Bishop, the man mad.i a communication to the authnritie-i,' and a searching investig-itinn was instituted. It lend: to a discovery 'thht'.'(hy',:BHha'p', : whose name was ... Pereira. really -j was . a deserter, nnd.' that;, tatter^. deserting, he went to Portugal, wh;rehe guve him'elf out .as . a chaplain of a!;r?giment. , As he displayed considerai)le.knowledge;of;tlie(-- lqgy. rind-was of -good ?address, I he was introduced to the ecclesiastical authorities of the district, ,and'.~tlfey, ? after , a while, .gave him a curacy. ...In this 'postjhe dis tinguished himselfi.by.; his; eloquent ser mons, and subsequcntlyihe was invited' to Lisbon, where ,;erp\yds,. charmed by, his eloquence/also' fldcked'tb K?ar him. At Lisbon he.', was .beforo. long conse-! crated a Bishop. In:: 1854 he! went to Madrid, where his fame, preceded ?' him,1 and there'likewise he excited ; admiration! by :his; sermons. ;;,. He .was j. selected to preach on several solemn occasions, and ,amongst,them on : .the-' anniversaries of the fatal'' 2nd' of Mayi:;'Neverj, having been ordained .-a priest,.^. he/was. 'not n,' real Bishop ; yet , he administered all, the offices of the Church': as if i regularlyj ordained.'' For' this' 'serious' offence he has just been (Condemned]., to [,18.!; years'j hard labour. The Pope, .i.having: been appealed to on the subject,!' has. declared that, all .(thet ecclesiastical ;'aJ?s, performed by' the 'man' shall' be' considered 'valid ; but doubts are entertained whethe'r, in! spita of this,, the 'marriages celebrated by] him r..iire';'j-valid '? inf ',';a;, . -legal .'point ;*bf vie'wV''' ' ';:': ?\r'--:i'^i-lli, ??? .'^vlv''.!'-'' i — lNC0NV.ENiENT_PEOpi.'i.-^rSbmc.'pebplc 'drei'nlways'in one's way'.- ?They., never call bu^t.at. an^unlucky^Tninute of timej an d .generally ?'come jtp, spoil 'a ^tete-a-tete with some mbre'^agrqeabjo' visitbr,',' br/;to interrupttornset .aside. 6ome,alTair of busi ness or pleasuretin-rwhich they are not included. ?'?They ' cbme'tocT'soon or stay too^latc, and haply^.before^ypu.are pre pared to .receiye .visitors, 'when they V can .wait ;tiil ypuare!, atleisu'rej'. !and( y are in no hurry ;' they i' can ; atnusr themr 8elves,''iri' other words eahiifinger and displace your objets and 'fnjouterfe, and probably spoil or break some '.of! them with their gaucherte — for inconvenient people axe invariably awkward; ??If an appointment be -made1- with them.' it is sure to turn out unlucky — a hindrance tb some more desirable disposal . of your time. If you consent to receive or go to them, some darling project starts up, which is thwarted by. the necesyity of keeping '.that, odious engagement. Such people are always uppermost wheji you most wish to forget them ;?' lik'e'un Jaid ghosts they present themselves ' at, untimely and forbidden periods, and arc' ever transacting some awkward evolution, that sets your nerves .and. temper oil edge. Are they in 'your carriage; they hustle you with their elbows, sit upon ladies' dresses, and tread upon or against your corns. They sit too forward, . or too far back for your comfort. Open the windows when youare cold, or clbs.e them when you are panting for nir, and invariably ask you questions when the are sure to take the seat- of- all others! that you do not wish them to occupy, and generally ask the servants for sorne thiiig that is not in the room,/ fix. their affection? on the only dish at table you desire they may not dip into, and should there by chance be but one bottle left of a particular or favourite batch, they arc ferocious in their determination to sec the end of it ; ft.r mark ! your incon venient person possesses an immoderate power of consumption. Then, afterdin ner, hois sure to be the first to return to the drawing-room, where the mistress of the house and her fair guests are engaged in feminine gossip,' which he interrupts without compensating, for: such unwel come intrusion by anything half so plea sant ; encumbers them with his tedious presence; ; upsetting ? everything in his way, and injuring everything that at tracts his notice. Your table-books are uetliumbe'd,'you'r drawings cracked- by injudicious handling, your snuff-box oi smelling-bottle opened at the hinge, and your paper-knife mouthed inces santly. Such people seem to he fur nished with larger hands and feet than others ; when theyr stand before the fire, the hcarth-rugis pushed from its level, and when they seat themselves your .chair covers are wrinkled out of form.' * If they press — as they generally do — the sofa, they always, as if by intuition, choose the place next a lady, which she has reserved for a more agreeable comr panion, In short, let them do what they will, they are inconvenient people.— Tea- table Talk. Hi/ Mrs. Charles Mathews. (Madame Vextris.) ? '. An Australian Myth. — In the last number of Facts and Figures is given the true story of ,the, captive of Gipp's Land . The story of a white woman being held in bondage among the natives of Gipps Land appears to have originated among the natives themselves. From the wilds ;of Gipps Land it.. travelled „. westward, until sit length it reached the highest grades'of Melbourne Society, where it excited more, than romantic pity and sympathy. A public meeting, in! fact, was called to organise an expedition for the purpose of releasing the poor captive. ]Mr. 'Latrobe, then Superintendent of ! the colony took a warm, interest in ' the matter, and ordered the Commissioner of j Crown Lands, Mr. Tyers, to employ _tlie border and native police on the duty of ; smirching for the fair ..bondsmaid, -whilst a private expedition was fitted out and equipped by public subscription. -? Mr, Cavanagh, an old and respected colonist, was most active. in Ins exertions as.secre tary in collecting monies, and' hastening the expedition., -.Private quarrels, howr eve', among the various officers cnicc ted'with it, prevented it 'from1 fulfilling the expectations of its promoters, and it was eventually placed ? under.'.' the : direc tion of Mr. Tyers. The whole of the district of Gipps Land from the shores to ..the .,Alps— dense scrubs, mountains, inafsliy plains-rail were searched with the- greatest ? minuteness and. -care ; all the native tribes from Melbourh'i to the cohfi nes of New' South Wales . were.com- muiiicated witb-withont' success. .Some nf the natives declared that they. had seen the white woman on a mountain only . a few daysbefore : away went .the police with .rapid strides, only to hear'tliat a white ,\yoman)Was on , an island \ iu; one of the lakes -that .abound Mills', district. 'On reaching the lake they, were -told/ that Buhjeleeniqthe cWef,,;had ' removed ! her back t6:,the, 'mountain,; and .' thus., the fruitless search wus carried on. At length -Butijeleeni was captured and sent to'.Mel-j bourne. '?'. * Soon';: after which' t Sergeant . Windridge (of- the.'natiye.' and' .afterwards ? of;l the.border police) . obtained ..certain 'information ? which *led him to':jbelieve 'thnt the white ^ wmna'n. was in 'close . prpx- .irnityj'tohis .camp'.';'! Availing.' himself ;! of the. darkness of the night, and. guided by the fires and wild cries of the; aborigines,! Sergeant 'Wihdridge ? V quietly'.',' ' led];1 his .party]' to .the,; native., camp'.- ','Hcre,: / he beheld the jong-sbiight-for. object ?, in i. the centre ' of n group'.' of aboriginal.' dancers,' whose savage 'yells; as ?' they'''!danced around her! cotilcV, only 'be ? coinpare'd ,' to -the i ravings', [of :,Vmaniacs. /.ThV-i! ''white i woman , ?.which proved to' 'be -. the figure head of a yessel which' had been' wrecked on the': coast,' was .captured by'. Sergeant Winiiridge, 'and 'brought to: Eagle' Point,' whe're'itrnay.probably.lnow' be .seen in] front of ^lr. 'Tyers' former .residence.! The natives, 'it.Trarispired, regarded ~ it as a god, arid 'carried it'jvith' them where-! ever ,, ihey.^.wenjEr.']. Bunjeleeni - .declared 'thntj], no] living'', white; woman j was* ever known among theinatives ofithe district. A'riative' boy, who; could 'speak 'English well, corroborated this assertion,, 'and Mr. Tyers bcliey]e8;it'.bfu'e'.''',7 '''_''? | Alexander. ,-, Dumas';' :and .the ' -Monte-'1'' 'Cititisfb!';';!' Novels' — Mi Maquet, the = well^knownj writer, has brought an action before, the: Civil Tribu nal of Paris; f'n'gainsti-M.'' Alexandrc Dumas, sen.1;- to iiaveit declared 'that he was the co-author, -.of.,'; 18 .'.'nqvclS, pub lished by that gentleman in his owni-name, including'; Tambngi.' others ' Le's Troiji Mousquetaires||Y' Vingt^ Ans -.Apres,'1 ' Ea Vic6mte'.,'de].!Bragelorihei' ' La Heine Margot,']';^,!M.pntei'Christo,' ' La Fille du Regent,'.. &ia; Dame! de Mont| goreau,' r '' Le'. Chevalier de ,r Maison Tlouge';-i'ycicJVralsp'^bi'ob^iih',h,is share in the sums obtained Tor' thoSe works, and en n^en^ani the .fixing.of. such amount, to haVe.'.a''.,sumr,' pf'50,()00f. deposited. '.^ The mbde!in!.!.which.-' the two writer's proceeded,' said the advocate, 'was this}: In repeated conversations' they drew 'up and, settled the general -plan of a', rwork and chose their personages. - Then each set: to 'work ? to make'' the personages act and's'peak in ' acebrdan.ee withjith^e plan ; the complications which one created were removed by the other.;, when one wrote a comic scene, the other pro duced a dramatic, one ; and so well did their respective creations concord .that jib one could Have supposed that thuir work's were the -'productionsT of 'two 'minds. ' From all the- letters the. learned ^counsel contended that' it' was'ejear 'that M. Maquet was the' co-author of the works of- Dumas; and he then went on to show that that gentleman had not received a due recompense for his share in them. '?? - - *»..* v- i.-j - i ' - 49,000f.; whereas ^Dumas' has obtained 500,000f. or OOOjOOOf., and, according to his bwn account, much more. Theoriginal understanding between them twos' that Maquet should receive 20c. a line for the \\\ orks published in feuilletons;, and 200f. a vohime'.on their publication in volumes : tlie'price' per volume was subsequently raised ? to, 300f., -lOOf/, and COOf. But Dumas never paid all that he undertook to do. - In 1848, Maquet not being satis fied,, it 'was agreed that lie' should abnn-- don all right of proprietorship, not-only in the novels, but in the plays which he had written with Duma*, on condition of being paid 145,200f, ; but Dumas never paid more than 20,0001'. of .that sum. That gentleman would produce the agree ment in answer to the present nction, but it contained a clause which declared that in default of payment within a given time it should be void, and as the payment had not been made, it was at present of no effect. After hearing some further obser vations, the tribunal adjourned. ? The Late Mrs. Nisbett.- — Though Lady Boothby (better remembered as Mrs! Nisbett) vanished from the comic stage many years ago, .we (Athenceum') have heard so often,- on good authority, of her return to the old scenes as at hand, that the news of her death, which ? hns happened since the week came in, has in it something of present loss and disap-. pointment, besides bringing before us the joyous high -spirits! the childish voice, the hearty laugh, and the brilliant eyes nf one to whom we owe many a merry evening ; and who, if not a perfect, still less ii profound actress, was a very- en gaging one. ' As the' original .!' Neigh bour Constance' in the ' Love Clinse' nnd 'Lady Gay1.', in ' London .Assu rance,' Mrs. Nisbett will ba long remem bered by the play-goers. -'In neither character has she been replaced by any successor, or even approached. Her death, it is said, has been .hastened . by family anxiety 'and distress, and toak place under, those circumstances of vicis situde which seem painful by .contrast, when they gather round those who are only known to us by ?-,..- ; ; Nods, and becks and -wreathed smiles, i by tho.flatteries and favours which follow -them.' '' ?????'.??? -?:.'..?.! 