i, j' ELECTION TALK. ' i ( From a ; Correspondent,) To thif Editor of, the Tasmanian Daily News. Sin,— The election for, Clarence comes off on the 22nd instant, : and that for Cambridge, on the 23rd instant. The Hetorning Officers are— For'CJarehoe, Mr. Tarleton ; and for Cambridge, Mr. Wilmot. The former - Returning Officer omitted to give the " Publio Notice,"- required by the Electoral Act : so tbe writ was out for several days before it was known here. 'Messrs. Francis and William Villenenve Smith are running about'iu all directions in the district to get n proposer for Mr; Ogilvio, who openly avows ;biihseif a supporter, of the Smith dynasty.' They thought to hove caught napping for this work, Mr. S— — , ono of the oldest settlers and most opulent man in the, district, hut— tlicy failed. Mr. — — — - was thou applied to— in yaiii. What I Support the taxing Ministry i't said the free and independent , gentleman—" tho Ministry that is driving out of the colony' every unaii, woman, and child who can leave— not 1 1" ' Mr. Ogilvio has not " the ghost of a' chance" against Old Burgess. " It is a guinea to a gooseberry," aiid no takers. The Clarence election is not quite so certain, altlio' betting is 3, to 2, Abbott ngniust Dawson ; or, " Re- trenclunent versus Taxation." A. few days will decide wliioh will " kick tho beam and whether the Itycbosh will be put on Dawson's flunkey. Dawsou is d tax assessor, and ho: is going round as-' sessing people's property and asking for votes at the 'sumo time. He is like Ogilvio, a staunoh supporter: of taxation, for he is a personification of it himself, " laying it on thick" for Smith. Fancy one of Her. Majesty's jnstioes a " tax 'gatherer," when there is an appeal given to his brother magistrates against his assessment. It is iiijia diy, altlio' tho pay two pounds per diem is not had, particularly as a stepping stone to a M, P. — In a whining mode he is telling die soft electors that if ho is returned he shall bo independent of every one, as if the legislator in embryo were eapable of heading a party himself I Dawson i9 aided in his canvass by die road collector, who demands the road assessments and " votes for Dawson" at the same timo. To counteract the in fluence of the tax assessor, and his man Friday , the tax collector ; a trio of settler's of influence have canvassed the district for Abbott, and their report is , — "Its all right,"— but this canvassing, is con trary tu the principle of the ballot. Electors ought to' borne unpledged to the poll, and vote for the best man, or rather the man whose principles they sup. port. Apropos of Uio road trusts iu Ralph's Bay district. One meedng had been held illegally: ' and another one is called for the 20th of this month, which will most likely meet a similar fate. The road act has been violated in every pardcular in the district. The- collector must before he enters on . his duties give a bond to the trustees, by the 51st seotion — this has not been done. The trustees must publish their accounts annually, by the 50th Beodon, aud present a copy to Parliament — this lias not been done. The money must be paid monthly into Bomehank,hy the 40th section — this has not been done. The trustees must forward to die Colonial Secretory, by the 51st secdon, an annual report — this has not been done. The trus tees are to apply to tho Lieutenant Governor to ap- point a competent surveyor to mark off new lines of road— this has not been done, for new . lines have been marked off without such an appointment, so that die 48th seotion has been set aside altogether. It is true that the previous section, the 47 th, allows the trustees to appoint a surveyor, bnt that evidently intends au officer to superintend the road : itself — not to mark out lines, for that must be done' by die surveyor of roads, as he is nlluded to in the 84th section, and named in the 48 secdon.. - The Gazette notice containing die names of the former trustees was without a date — (see column 200 of the Hobart Town Gazette). Now eomcs die most extraordinary part of the whole proceeding ; the 11th seotion states that no rate shall be demanded until after! the next court of general quarter sessions has been held, and after publicadon for fourteen days. Lo and behold, tho rate lias been, in nume rous instances actually demanded, and even paid to the tax collector,' ou the very day of tho publico- don of the names, and before the Seesions, so that no appeal'oan ho had ; and, moreover, these pay. ments have been nude to Trustees, who by the lost notice (March 2nd), oertaln fourteen landholders say, wore illegally elected. You have diis admission uuder their own sign manual ; although threo of them have a second Christian namo : wliioh is omitted, to show how informal ore all thoir proceed ings.' What widi the turmoil of tbeso illegal pro ceedings, and tbe election feuds, the latter engen dered by a political - parson, who scandalizes every one, and pays no person, tho distriot of Clarence is iu a very liico mess ; but — " When things are at tho worst, thoy somedraos mend," says tho noble bard. P.S. — Mr. Leake, a merchant at Kangaroo Point, and formerly n candidate for Parliamentary honours himself, has oonsented to propose Mr. Ogilvie. 