THE INQUEST ON THE BODY OF HUGH BURGESS. AT the request of Mr. Parker, the Coroner, and in reply to Mr. Johnson's letter, published In this Journal a few days ago, we publish also the evidence taken at the inquest in this case : New South Wales to Wit — An Inquisition indented, taken for our Sovereign Lady the Queen, at the house of "Charles Rey- nolds," known as the sign of the Hurlers' Home, in the city of Sydney, and county of Cumberland, on the 19th day of August, in the twenty-second year of the reign of our Sovereign Lady Vic toria, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, and in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight-before John S. Parker, gentleman, Coroner for the city and district of Sydney, on view of the body of a man named " Hugh Burgess," then and there lying dead, upon the oath of George Gess, foreman, James Sommerville, John O'Shea, Robert Maze, Richard Letty, William Walsh, good and lawful man of the said county, duly chosen, and who being then and there duly sworn and charged to inquire for our said sovereign lady the Queen when, how, and by what means the said deceased man came by his death, do, upon our oath, say that we find that the said deceased Hugh Burgess died from exhaustion, disease, and ne- glect, and we consider that the deceased was not in a fit state to have been discharged from the Liverpool Asylum. In witness whereof, as well the said Coroner as the jury aforesaid, have hereunto set and subsoribed their hands and seals the day and year flrst above written, John S. Parker, coroner ; George Gess, foreman ; James Sommerville, William Walsh, R. Letty, Robert Maze, John O'Shea. Cumberland to wit. — Information of witnesses severally taken this 19th day of August, 1858, at the houso of Charles Reynolds, known as the sign of the Hurlers' Home, Georgec-street, in the city of Sydney, before John S. Parker, gentleman, Coroner for the city and district of Sydney, on view of the body of a man named Hugh Burgess, then and there lying dead, as follows, to wit: Samuel Turner being duly sworn, deposeth as follows : I am prin- cipal wardsman in the Benevolent Asylum ; the deceased was brought to me to show to the doctor ; he appeared to me on the point of death, and was assisted into the sick men's ward: I recognisod him ; I said you have been here before ; he said Yes, I have been to Liverpool Asylum ; I asked him how long he had been from there ; he said only a short time ; I asked where he had been living in Sydney ; he said he had been in his old place at Mr. Smith's, the cooper, on Brickfield-hill, and he also said that he had been there before he had been sent to Liverpool, and that he was not able to work any more, and he came to this colony a Crown prisoner, and that he had been a number of years in the colony, and he once drank hard, but latterly he had not drank anything; he was very dirty in his person, but his clothes were good and warm ; both legs were very sore, they were old sores ; he had a bandage and some rags on his legs, and when they were re- moved the stench from them was so offensive that it was enough to make any one sick ; the deceased told me that he had had no medical advice, and he did complain that he was not able to work, and that he had not had any medical attendance since he had left the Liverpool Asylum ; he was so low in condition that I could not get any more from him ; I remember that he was in the Sydney Asylum for a day or so, and that he was passed on to Liverpool ; all that was found on his person was two pair of spectacles ; he was a cooper by profession or trade ; the deceased has only been five days in the Asylum, as he was admitted on the 13th and died on the 18th of the present month. SAMUEL TURNER. Sworn before me, this 19th day of August, 1858, John S. PARKER, Coroner. Charles Weir, being duly sworn, deposeth : I am a cooper, and know the deceased, who was also a cooper and worked for Mr. Smith, and the night before he was admitted into the Asylum, he complained of being ill : he told me that he came from Liverpool ; he was able to work a little, and used to make small ware ; he was a man that was once well-to-do in Sydney, for I worked for him myself when I first came here ; he was in the habit of drinking ; I believe that he has been a long time in the colony ; he had some things in the shape or a box and some clothes, and a Mr. O'Brien, a lodging-house keeper in Clarence-street, got them from Mr. Smith, and in fact he got all the things that he had there, tools and all ; and I have known the deceased for about two years, and he always suffered from those sore legs since I knew him, and those sore legs were neglected ever since he came from Liverpool. Charles Weir. Sworn before me, this 19th day of August, 1858. John S. PARKER, Coroner. James C. Gilhooley, Resident-Surgeon, Benevolent Asylum, being duly sworn, deposed : The deceased, Hugh Burgess, was brought under my notice on the 15th instant, at the Benevolent Asylum ; he was in a very weak and exhausted state, and begged hard to be admitted at once into the sick ward, upon which, I had him removed there immediately ; he was breathing with great difficulty and rapidity, his features were pinched and contracted ; . he was shivering with cold, and seemed almost on the verge of death ; he also had an ulcer of a sloughing ulcer on his right leg ; ' his person was very filthy, though his clothes were pretty good ; he felt reluctant, as it were, to answer any questions, his suffer- ings were so apparently great from difficulty of breathing and collapse ; on removal into the sick ward he was given wine, &c;, and placed under the usual treatment, but he never rallied, and gradually got worse : he finally sank and died on the 18th instant ; I am of opinion death was caused by pneumonia, accelerated by neglect and want of medical aid in proper time, before his ad mission into the Asylum. J. C. Gilhooley Sworn beforo me, this 19th day or August, 1858. JOHN S. PARKER, Coroner. By the Coroner : The deceased stated he had been about eight days seriously unwell before his admission into the sick ward of the Benevolent Asylum. , J. C. GILHOOLEY. Sworn before me, this 19th day of August, 1858. JOHN S. PARKER, Coroner. ST. PAUL'S COLLEGE.—A meeting of the friends and supporters of St. Paul's College is to be held this evening, for the purpose of hearing a report upon the state and prospects of the building fund. A memoran- dum, which has been privately circulated, states that " the college rooms intended for the students, and the library, are finished ; and the hall, lecture rooms, kitchens, and other offices, are in progress. There not being funds to erect the Warden's residence, apart- ments on the eastern side of the building are tempora- rily appropriated to his use. The entrance tower, however, comprising the Vice-Warden's apartments, and probably an observatory on a small scale, ought to be immediately commenced. But, more pressingly than for these, funds are required to fit up and furnish the public rooms, the library, lecture rooms, and offices. In addition, there are other indispensable items — the fencing and planting of the grounds, the laying of drains, and the construction of tanks." The college is in active operation ; but should any material addition in the number of students take place, the rooms at present occupied by the Warden's family will be re quired for their use. The Governor-General, the Bishop of Sydney, the Vice-Provost of the University, and other gentlemen interested in the progress of ad- vanced education, will take part in the proceedings. RELIABLE NEWS FROM THE FITZROY RIVER GOLD FIELDS.—As the most interesting news to you will be the confirmation of a gold-field on the Fitzroy River, I give you a letter just received. It is from a gentle man on whom every reliance may be placed — he states he has just left the gold-field — he saw one man wash from two buckets of clay, gold worth about seven shillings ; all the diggers are in spirits, and feel positive of success; one man got sixteen ounces in sixteen days, the largest nugget he found weighed 1½ ounce-the largest nugget found weighs three ounces. The diggers are working under great disadvantages, having to carry the washing stuff two miles to a sandy creek ; the gold is at pre- sent found about eighteen inches from the surface. Two parties, however, are going to the bed rock ; they are already down about eighteen feet, and expect to go ten feet more before bottoming. At present there are about eighty men on the diggings, and but' one woman. Several parties in town have received letters from the field, but I shall not be able to learn anything further before my next; all here are now convinced. — Gayndah correspondent of Moreton Bay Courier, August 25th. GOLD SBIZUUB.-In the division on this debate, pub- 1 liBbed in our Saturday's issue, Mr. Dickson's name ? appears twice among the " noes," we, therefore, reprint ' the corrected division as follows ;- , Ayes, 16. Noes, 15. Mr. Piddington Mr. Cowper Faucott Q. Maeleay Donaldson j. Macarthur Smith Parkes Denlehy Robortson Gordon j. Campbell Suttor R. Campbell Forster , Dr. Aldcorn Bookley Mr. Rotten White Arnold Willtanuon Rlohardaon Mark« Murray Taylor Weekes Moriarty Wild ) T " , Thornton J TeUeMâ Dickson JTaUar»" ] EBUATA.-WO arc requested by the Key. W. B. Clarke to make ' the following oorrcctions in hi« letter on " Leichhardt and the 1 Desert," in Tuesday's Be raid:-1. In second column of the letter, I for " l8- S. on that parallel, and on the parallel of 127- E." read 1 "meridian." 2. Same column, for "Letchhardt's tracta " read , "tracks." 3. Ditto, for " known route," read "known rate." , 4\. Third column, for "Kennedy's camp of 28th October, 1857," 1 read " 1847." 5. Fourth column, after the words " a knife " in- 1 sert "on the 2Sth October a chisel." 6. Fifth column, for "Mr. Gregory stated" read "started." In letter of 3rd August , [Herald, 5th August), for "patiatur" read "potiatur." Ditto 1 for "himself" read "him." OPENINO THE AUSTIN BarnoE.-On Monday afternoon tho cere- mony of opening and naming tho Austin Bridge, in Durham street, took place at four o'clock. A considerable ooncourse of townspeople had assembled. Mr. Clements addressed the crowd in a brief speech, In the courso of which he expatiated upon the many exoellencles and virtues of the late Mr. Austin, whose nama it was to bear, ascribing to his efforts principally the final accom- plishment of the work ; and concluded by remarking that the naming the bridge the/ had that day met to open, was a fitting mark of respect to his memory. The work, he said, had been carried out entirely by private subscription, and independently of amy sid from the Government. Ml'« Austin, toe daughter of the deceased gentleman, then, in naming the structure the Austin Bridge, broke a bottle of wine upon the aide railing amid loud eheers, and thus ended the ceremony,-Bat hurst Free Press. I NBWOASTLB.-Mr. David J. Allan, has been ap Sointed Harbour Blatter at the Fort of Newcastle, in i the room of Mr. Alexander Livingstone, resigned. I MAITLAND.-Edward Denny Day, Esq., has been appointed Visiting Justice of the Gaol at Mait; ' land ; and also Commissioner of Insolvent Estates at i Maitland, «ice Major Crummer, P.M., removed to Port Macquarie. COEONBB'S IKOIUBST.-An inquest on view of the body of John Sprouse, aged 53 years, was held on Saturday, at the sign of the Wheatsheaf, George-street South. Deceased had been an inmate of the Benevo- lent Asylum for about l8 months, and employed aa door-opener or " passage man" for about 12 months. He kept to his duty up to Thursday evening. He had been complaining for some time past. He was re- moved into the sick ward on Friday afternoon, appa- rently in a dying state, being unable to speak. He died at about half-past six o'olock on Saturday morn- ing. It appeared he was not a healthy man. It had been remarked that he seemed unwell, but he had re- mained in the passage agreeably to his own wish. He went on duty when the doors were opened (at about 6 ! o'clock) ; had a small place to eit in, bnt no fire ; re- tired from duty to rest at 10 o'clock ; and received Is. a week as remuneration. He had declined to go at once to see the doctor, thinking he would get better. The master of the Asylum was not aware that the de- ceased ever suffered from a cold. He (deceased) was formerly a servant to Judge Therry, and had a son who was a tutor in a family, residing up the country, and who now and then sent him a trifle, so that he could purchase any little comfort he might want. He went to the house surgeon on Thursday evening, when he was advised to go into the sick ward, for the sake of better attention. He declined doing so, saying he should be better next morning. He was prescribed for, and requested to call in the morning, " if not better." He did not do so, and the house surgeon heard no more of him till 4 p.m., on Friday, .when he was told he was very unwell. He was visited, and found semi-comatose, and removed to the sick ward, -where "all means' were used to resuscitate him, but Ineffectually." It was found, when exposing the region of the heart for the purpose of applying a mustard poultice, that he had four bandages of calieo very tightly binding the lower circumference of the chest, and almost completely preventing free respiration and the expansion of the chest. His death was attributed to bronchitis, accelerated by tight bandaging of the chest. Verdict accordingly. In answer to an enquiry of the house surgeon, why he did not remove deceased when he knew him to be suffering from bronchitis, he said he hal not the power. The tight bandaging, wai on account of an injury received someyears ago. MARYBOROTJOH, AUGUST 17.-The mail from Port Curtis arrived on Saturday evening bringing confirma- tory information as to the value of the recently dis- covered gold-field at that place. From 40 to 50 ounces of the precióos metal were said to have been taken into Gladstone. Private letters received by our towns- people from their friends at Port Curtis have decided many persons to proceed without delay to try their fortunes at those diggings. Last week several parties left Maryborough to prospect on the run of Mr. H. C. Corfield, J.P., where gold is reported to have been found. Mr. Corfield himself brought the news and appears 'anxious that the ground should have a fair trial. There are reports of gold having been found in several places in this district, but none of them sufficiently authenticated to warrant one in stating that a paying gold-field exists. At the Bame time I must repeat that I do fully expect to have the pleasure of announcing before long the ex- istence of snch a valuable auxiliary to our resources. Maryborough Correspondent rf Moreton Bay Courier. HOESB PLANTING.-In our last issue we took occa- sion to refer to the praotice resorted to occasionally by certain individuals in the neighbourhood of Too- woomba, of slaughtering other people's cattle, and this week we have to notice another equally dishonest and mischievous practice, resorted to by similar characters at the same locality, viz :-that of horse planting. Several instances have latterly come under our notice where horses have been removed and secreted until a reward was offered, and then, of course, they were soon forthcoming. One gentleman informs us that he has lost from the neighbourhood of Toowoomba two very fine horses, which he values at £35 each, which no doubt have been " planted" in the manner described. Removing hobbles also, from horses turned out on the Range to graze, has became such an habitual practice that the police authorities at Toowoomba have offered £30 reward for any evidence leading to the conviction of any one of the many offenders. We must protest against such disreputable proceedings, and sincerely hope the aggrieved parties will avail themselves of the first opportunity that occurs of making an example of the delinquents.-Darling Daums Gazette. DEATH OF MR. HENRY COBDEN.-Intelligence has reached us through a private source, of the death of Mr. Henry Cobden, for many years a resident of Mo- long and the neighbourhood. This event took place on Monday morning, the 16th instant, after a pro- tracted illness of six weeks. He was interred on the following day, and the funeral attended by the largest concourse of the inhabitants ever brought together upon any similar occasion. Mr. Cobden waa little known beyond the large circle of his friends in the district of which he has been a resident during the last eighteen years. He was respected for hil intelli- gence, sound common sense, and liberality of spirit, and beloved for his generosity of disposition and goodness of heart. His death has therefore created a deep feeling of sincere regret amongst the inhabitants of Molong and the adjacent country. It may not be generally known that the deceased gentleman was brother to the great free-trader - the celebrated Richard Cobden-and that he possessed a large share of the practical talent and clear-headedness, for which the Manchester Reformer is remarkable.-Bathurst Free Press. DISCOVERT OP COAL.-Wo understand that while some well-sinkers were at work, a short time ago, under the direction of Mr. Galbraith, on that part of the Burrandowan station situated on the borders of the Main Range, they discovered a seam of «oal, which was excavated to the depth of twelve feet, when water was found in such abundance as to stop further pro- gress. Last week we inspected a specimen of this mineral, which has a ahining appearance similar to the Cannel coal, and coated over with a substance like sulphur. Mr. Galbraith has taken the sample with him to Sydney for the purpose of having its quality properly tested. The distance of this coal field from any seaport will, of course, prevent the produce from being made use of as an article for export ; but, as a matter for the curious geologist it is worthy to be chronicled in our pages.-Darling Downs Gazette. THE LACHLAN.-A gentleman from one of tho Lachlan stations, informs us that since the late rains, tho growth of thn grass boa been almost unprccedentally rapid, so much so, indeed, that, in some places, a fow miles back from tho river, it is sufficiently long to mow. Cattle are nevertheless still very poor, the young feed operating as a purgative upon them. There Is room for hopo, however-nay a positivo certainty that wo sholl have beef and mutton of better quality and at a oheaper rato then during tho put twelve months-a fact npon whieh we may congratulate our- selves, and one which promises to ope ate beneficially both upon the pocket and the constitution.-Bathurst Free Press. DKSTnocTio« or WORKINO BULLOCKS.-Accounts roach u« daily of tho awful destruction of working oxen from starvation, which has latterly become moro extensive from the purging effects of the spring grass now beginning to shoot. We hear of ono man whose bullocks were Impounded a few days ago, going to the pound only to find them all dead. Another, who mustered twenty workers a short time ago, is now reduced to a proprietor- ship or three. A third bos lost his whole team, which was his sole dependence for a livelihood. Instances of this kinduro indeed very numerous, and will no doubt be productive of a considerable amount of distress and destitution, and in some coses of absoluto ruin. Great numbers of workers have died, wo understand, in the neighbourhood of Queen Charlotte's Volo and Gcorgo Plains, and wo have heard of ono bullock team which adventured o journoy to Sydney, being reduced to tho last bullock on Its return over tho mountains.-Bathurst Free Press. DISCOVERY OF THE BODY OF A CHINAMAN.-On Sunday last, some children discovered tho body of a Chinaman buried on the Yass road, about a quarter of a mile past the Gold Diggers' Arms, in the bush. Information was at once given to the autho- rities, who proceeded to the spot pointed out, and found the body of an adult Chinaman, wrapped in his hammock, buried about three inches under the soil, close to where a party of Chinamen, passing, en route for the Ovens, had camped on Friday, and with whose party the deceased was observed by Mr. Ross to be carried in the manner peculiar to the dying in their country. An inquest was held at Mr. Hadwick's on the following day before the coro- ner, when, upon the medical testimony of Dr. Hanford, who held a post-mortem examination on the body, it was shown that death resulted from an attack of acute bronchitis. A verdict of "died from natural causes" was returned.-Goulburn Herald. STJDDEN DEATH OP MB. A. ABDK«._Tho Bega correspondent of tho Illawarra Mercury says :-It is my melancholy duty to inform you of the rather unexpected death of Mr. Arthur Arden, one of tho superintendents of tha Twofold Bay Pastoral Associa- tion. It appears he has not been well for some considerable time past, but was still discharging his various duties till a day or two before his decease. On Th irsday morning last he did not make his appearance at the usual breakfast hour, and some short time after a person went Into his room for the purpose of calling bim, and found him lying on his side quito dead. His remains were Interred on Saturday last. Messrs. Wren and Haslingden, J, P., saw tho body, but did not consider an inquest necessary. SALES OP LAHD.-The demand for land in Goulburn appears to continue, and the supply, to say the least, is quite adequate. Considerable quantities aro yet in the market. On Tuesday Mr. H. Greig sold eight allotments in Grafton and Reynolds streets, 33 feet frontage each, at 15s. per foot frontage -, an allotment in Goldsmith-street of 37 feet frontage by a depth of 117 feet, for £4 per foot; four allotments in Auburn-street north at £6 15s. per foot, the corner allotment having 40 feet frontage, one allotment 27 feet, and two allotments 30 feet eaoh ; also a four-roomed cottage, with small block of ground, in Goldsmith-street, the pro- perty of Mr. J. Thompson, for £350. Bight suburban allotments on the new line realised on an avcrago about £15 per acre. Chronicle. WHALEBONE, Oats, Butter, Jewellery, to.-Merchants, dealers In produce, jewellers, storekeepers, and others, ara requested to attend the sales at tho Bank Auction Boons, this day, Monday, A'iguBtSO, at 11 o'olock, On account of whom it may concern : Whalebone, Port Csooer cheese. New Zealand oats, and butter, Jewellery, watobes. For particulars, s*e advertisements.-ADV. MIORATION or CinKKSE.-A party of five and twenty Chinamen enoamped near the town of Goulburn on Monday. They were from Bathurst, via Tuena, and left onTuesday for the Braidwood digging«. Another party of about eighty Chinamen, new arrival«, also passed through town on Tuesday morning en route tor «orne of tho digging«.-ChronMe. *. MULLET CBEEK BBIDOE.-On Wednesday a publia meeting wa« held at the Illawarra Hotel, Dapto, to consider the propriety of petitioning the Government to grant a «um of money, out of the unappropriated balance of the annual vote for tho repair and con- struction of roads and bridges, for tho purpose of constructing a bridge ovar Mullet Creek. The meeting, whloh was called by the Warden, on requisition from a number of inhabitant«, was not very numerously attended. Too unanimous opinion seemed to bo that the prosont, and the rapidly increasing, population and pro- duction of that portion of tho dlstriot of Wollongong Bituatcd be- tween Mullet Creek and Macquarie Rlvor, and a due regard for the publia convenience in the regular delivery of the mails, im- peratively demand that a bridgo should at once bo constructed over Mullet Creek, as originally contemplated by the late Surveyor-General when ho marked out tho present line of road from Wollongong southward. A memorial to the Governor Goneral, and the Executive Council, to tho foregoing effeot, waa adopted, and a numerous committee appointed to procure signature«, and take measures for its presentation.-Illawarra Mercury. THE DBAMA.-Tragedy with its dignity and sadness, and comedy with its Joyousness and laughter, havo constituted thoso enter- tainments whloh, during lost week, have been presented by the management of tho Prince of Wales Theatre. Joy and sadness arc extremities which almost meet ; and it would appear that dramatic art, like nature, discard* continuity, and revels in change. Tho majorityof great tragedians have also gained laurels in the walks of co-ncdy. If Macready's Mr. Oakly, and Phelp's Falstaff were not surnoient testimony to tho truth of our remarks, tho Murphy M'Gulre of Mr. G. V. Brooke would suffice for an ample illustration. Since our last notice, Taming tho Shrew, tho Serious Family, and the Hunchbaok, havo been performed ; bnt tho great theatrical event has been the oroduction of Hamlet. Thisiplay wu placed on the stage in a manner highly creditable to this well-conducted estab- lishment. Tho tragedy of Hamlet, Uko many of Shakspere's dramatic work«, has no claim to originality of plot. Although tho story is taken from the Danish history of Saxo-Grammaticus, such clroumstanco rioos not lessen the genius of Shukspcre, nor militate against his fame. Honor is given and honor is due to the architect who designs and erects the struoturc, and not to the maker of the material which forms it. As observed by a clever German critic, Hamlet is a tragedy of thought inspired by con- tinual and never satisfied meditation on human destiny, and one well calculated to call forth the samo meditation in the mind of tho spectator. Mr. Brooke as tho representative of the great oharaotcr which gives name to tho play, presents [ a performance that clears away the mists that hang, cloud-Uke, [ over the minds of tho Prince of Denmark. It may be peroeived that the actor has deeply studied tho part, from the fact of tbe vague and in listlnct becoming clear and defined. The genius and skill of Mr. Brooko gives to every sentence a proper troatment, or, in other words, cvtnoo an understanding of those rules of art whloh place on particular words their proper emphasis. Con- sidered as an elocutionary display, hi» performance of Hamlot may be regarded as unrivalled on tho modern stage. To catch the I varying phases of oharacter, and to giro them appropriate colour ing, is tho work of consummate art, and yet all those thoughts and emotloni whioh flit, shadow-like, aslant the mind of Hamlet, aro faultlessly and boauteously interpreted by Mr. Brooke. From the performance and readings of this gentleman it may bo supposed that ho is a non-believer in tho real madness of Hamlet. Mr. Brooko appears to regard tho Prince as an in- dividual whoso grief and molaaoholy aro almost sufficient to con- stitute madness, but, nevertheless, they do not do so. It is ex- pedient th it Hamlet should put anautio disposition on, and use artifice and dissimulation, the better to carry out a fixed resolu- tion and a sworn duty. Mr, Brooko evidently regards the Prinoa as an individual who at times is jocund, but, generally, as ono "sicklied o'er with the pale cost of thought," at tho same time he is represented as a man endowed with tho finest notions of pro- priety, susceptib'c of the noblest ambition, and open in the highest degree to an enthusiastic admiration of that excellence in others, of whioh he himself may bo deficient. The fino language of the Ghost wa« well delivered by Mr. Henry Edwards, and the part« of Laertes Polonius, Horatio, and the King were respectably performed by Messrs. Sefton, Welsh, Maynard, and Creswick. Messrs. S. Howard and Wigan, are deserving of honourablo mention as the gravedigger and Oarlo ; and whilo Mrs. Charles Poole went through the role of the Queen with that ease, intelligence, and grace, which distinguish all her Im- personations, Miss Julia Mathews, as Ophelia, sang the snatches of song with much taste and sweetness. The tragedy was played twico during the week to excellent houses. Considering that many people havo long distances to go to their homes, it would bo advantageous, eould such an arrangement bo made as to admit of the termlmtioi of the first piece of tho evening before, or as near upon, tbo hour of eleven as possible. The great suc- cess attending the production of Hamlet bos induced the manage- ment to announce a repetition of the tragedy for this evening, when the playgolng public will havo another opportunity of wit- nessing several novel scenic effects, in admirable keeping with the mystic scenes of the play. RESULT or Paoouca, MEAT, AND TIUDEB SALE.-Pritchard and Williims report having sold during tho week a large quantity of the following gopds, at the undermentioned prices : Hides, 9s 6d to 10s Dd each ; lucerne tuy, £8 IDs, £7, £(, £t 5s, and £8 10s per ton; maize, 601b, to the bushel, 5s 4dto Cs; bran, 2s to2s 2d fier bushel; Ano flour, £14 tojCI8 per ton ; bacon, 8J^d to b.; hams, 9d per lb.; cabbagetree, tis to 12s per 100 hands; beef, in carcase, from^tho Hunter, id to 4Jd per lb. ; mutton, 3U<1 to 4d per lb. ; American panel doors, moulded, C8 x 2.6, \\\ thick, 13s to 13s Gil each; ditto ditto, 6.8 x 2.8, 1| thick, 15s, cedar doors, panel and tronson lights, complete, 21s ; to 30s per opening ; English panel doors, moulded, 6.9 x 2.9, 8s 6d to 9s; French lights nnd frames, 21s to 30s per open- ing ; box window frames and sashes, 14 x 26 at 22s each ; glazed sashes, 12 x 14, 12s aud 13s per pair ; 10 x 12, 13s per pair ; S x 10, 10« per pair; Brisbane Water hardwood flooring and weatherboards, 6x1 and 7 x I, 11s to 20s per 100 feet -, joists, scantling, S x 2], 4 x 2>, 11s to 15s per 100 feet ; 8 x 4 and 6 x 4, 9 x 9, 0 x 6, 9 x 3, 4 x 4, superficial measurement, 9s 6d per 100 feet; battens, 0s Gd to 14s Gd per 100 feet; forest oak shingles, 18s to 21« per 1000; lath«, 9s per 1000; three-bushel bags, 13s 6d per dozen; Messrs. Durham and Irwin report having sold at auction, this week-100 sheepskins, at 6Jd ; 100 ditto at 6}d; 300 ditto at 61d ; 50 ditto 6d ; 47 hides at 9s ; 38 ditto at Us Gd ; 30 ditto at 8s Cd : 50 ditto at 8s ; 50 ditto at 7s 9d ; 2 calfsklnB at 2s ; Hunter River lucerno hay, at £7 5s per ton ; bran at from Is 9d to Is lid par bushel ; maize, at from 5s 3d to 5s 8d per bushel ; bacon, at from 6{d to 6]d per lb. ; butter, at from Is Gd to 2s per lb. ; scantling (inferior), Ha 9d per 100 feet ; laths, lis Gd per 1000 palings, 11s 9d to 12s 9d per 100. CATTLE 8ALE.-Mr. Fnllagar reports tho following salos of cattle : 82 head at £3 3s Gd each ; 30 head, at £1 10s each -, 1 cow, £12 5s ; 60 head, at £3 Us each -, 50 head, at £4 Is each ; 50 head, at £3 178 6d eaoh ; 50 head, at £1 ISs each; 31 head, at £3 4s each; 21 head, at £4 5seach -, 26 head, at £3 11s each ; 26 head, at £7 15« each; 26 head, at £8 3s each; 25 head, at £7 4s each; IO head, at £$ Usaich ; 10 bead, at £7 each. 