To the Editor of the Courier. SIR-I know not what the object of Mr. Meredith and J other members of the Opposition is in endeavour- ing to lower the standard of the Public Service, and to reduce the few very indifferent prizes of public life which remain for competition to men of honor and attainments in this colony. The effect however of that Opposition is unquestionably to destroy the public service and to deliver it over in manacles into the hands of BorilMl speculators who laugh at the restraints of honor and honesty. A powerful Government is what is dreaded by such men ; what they want is a weak and a corrupt Government, that they may accomplish their own ends,- whether they be " commercial speculations For ventures with the power, the prero- gative1?,-»yo, and the money, oftlieCiown. Pray, Mr. Editor do not blame the Mercury. Do you suppose that journal has assailed the Auditor's department without a prompter and an object exclusive of the personal one attributed to him I believe his lOiv suggestion to be to abolish the Audit Department, and to allow the Treasurer to keep the account of the Government at one of the banks - also Treasurer, who gives no security for the performance of his duties, and who may have no single qualification for the office. A pretty prospect truly for the colony, but a very bright one for " commercial speculators." What visions doth it not recall of the bags of money left in the cave of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. What a golden harvest doth it not unfold! Put before adopting this suggestion or arriving at this result might I ask, as a favour, that some member of the House would move for the grounds why Mr. G. W. B. Boyes was appointed auditor of the colony, and also that the reports of the law officers of the Crown of that date should be referred to, and the dispatches of Colonel Arthur, in order to illustrate the advantage of uniting the Treasury and a bank-Bay a Colonial Bank-in hands together. a . Yours,. a, . j Of TBUSrEKXT THE GHOST. J We have been requested by W. A."Guesdon_and Co.- to direct attention to their general merchandise, sale, at the Mart, Collins-street,; To-morrow (Friday) the 24th instant, at eleven o'clock prompt,! consisting of 267 bags brewers' sugar, 218 bags white preserving sugar, pint pickles, potted butter, roping ' twine, plough lines, bottled porter, carrants, bacon and ham?, navy car was, woolpacks, corn saChs, win mowing; machine, harness leather, and a variety of miscellaneous merchandise. Also, for the benefit of those concerned, navy canvas and about 2 tons Muntz's metal, stripped from the North Star, full particulars of which will be found in advertising columns. 