MEETING OF THE WORKING CLASSES.-Yes- terday, between 12 and 1 o'clock, about 300 of the work ing classes, composed chiefly of recent arrivals, was held on the north side of the river, near the old foot bridge for the purpose of petitioning the Legislature, to adopt means to remove the present distress existing amongst the operatives and laborers of Adelaide. Mr. Bevis of the North Road, was voted to the chair, and addressed the meeting upon the business upon which it had met and he, as well as three or four other speakers who fol- lowed him, complained of great distress caused by slack ' ness of trade, and spoke upon the urgent necessity there was for Government assistance. The petition embodies a request to the Government to the following effect . That any further public money should not be employed for the importation of additional labor ; that the money in the hands of the Government should be immediately applied in the prosecution of public works ; and that should the Government feel disposed to set the un- employed to work, a scale should be fixed higher than 3s. (k1, a day wages. Many signatures were attached to the petition on the ground, and it was said that Mr. J. M. Solomon had undertaken to present it to-day and that Mr.Townsend would support it. It is expected it will contain upwards of 400 signatures when presented Although the sentiments uttered by some of the speakers were very strong upon being allowed to remain idle after having had such strong inducements held out to'them before leaving Britain, the conduct of all those assembled was most calm and orderly. THE VICTORIA THEATRE.-"Mary Queen of Scots" was repeated on Tuesday evening to a good house, notwithstanding the attractions presented by the Bachelors' Ball. The piece was most creditably put upon the stage ; a few rehearsals had wonderfully improved the performers, and the whole of the characters were well sustained. Mr. Mungall, Mr. Holloway, and Miss Marie Nelson, upon whom the weight of the piece devolved, were _at its close deservedly honored with a call before! the curtain. The performances concluded with a new ballet arranged by Mr. P. Chambers, jun., entitled "The Rival Lovers or the Ghost of the Village," which is a very clever thing and afforded opportunity for the display of Miss Hattman's ability as a danseuse. The piece will, doubtless, be a favorite so long as the present company remains amongst us. The Bride of Lammer- moor is in preparation. On reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the bill of fare to-night is an attractive one. THE REV. MR. BINNEY.-This highly-gifted gentleman was amongst the speakers at the anniversary meeting of the Congregational Chapel, in Rundle-street held on Tuesday evening. The Rev. Mr. Cox detailed the circumstances which induced him to accept an invi- tation to visit South Australia, and was succeeded by the Rev. Mr. Stow, a gentleman who gratuitously officiated at the Church until the arrival of Mr. Cox. The Rev. Mr. Binney was listened to with deep attention, but unfortunately we were in such a position in the chapel as prevented us from hearing the first part of the learned gentleman's address as distinctly as we could have de- sired. He observed that it was probable his remarks would soon be forgotten, but he would bring under the notice of those assembled two portions of Scripture which he was particularly desirous of impressing upon them and they would be enabled to refer to the texts when he was far away. The first bore upon the duty of Ministers of the Gospel, and the other upon the duty of the Church. The first was from the 5th chapter of Peter : The elders which are among you, I exhort, who am also an elder and a witness of the sufferings of Christ and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed, Feed the flock of God which i's among you, taking- the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly ; , not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind ; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but as being examples to the flock. And when when the Chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away."' The second was from the 2nd chapter of the Epistle to the Phillipines :-"Do all things without murmurings and disputings," &c.; The rev. gentleman appeared to gather strength as he proceeded, and delivered an elo- quent and able address upon the relative duties of minis- ters of religion and their flocks. +A HORSE FOR THE NORTH,-Several face tious individuals who might have been better employed, STÖM^.1^ ^P0**'* «Mention to the fact that á Äri it11 *"*? ha"5 Y*l&bPut; t0 *» sniPPûd per Marion to Port Augusta said to be forwarded by Government to %ZZ$?T" °f ^ ^?bbage- UP°n en W> the horse genifenian '"^ reC' but ¿0t ml*nd°* für th*' THE BUSH MISSION.-Mr. Smedley requests Bu^M-tanferr?rmad^bir Wm on Monday, It the ÍSlfSl0nMeetÍng' where h« .» &* tté agenta to Hate said every six weeks, www 