A DAY'S SPORT , HUTTON PARK.,,, BY "XIMKOJJ'S GHOST."' C!UGMl£t reader ! start not at the cognomen ';' named by the writer of the present lucubration, I forte -verily Sweets you that he is, like your style, " o' earth, earthly' but, for once in the 'Jyky,"He eggs to differ from England's immortal "told when he pithily demands, a what's in a y inflict' Few men are there, who have ever enjoyed the sports of the modern hunting field, that have not also revelled in their homes over the stirring incidents of the chase as recorded and life pictured in " letters of gold by the matter-hand of Captain Apperly, the " Nimrod" sporting literature, and in humble deference, therefore, to what great sylvan chief, who has now long departed. to the hunting grounds of Indian tradition,' the appellation of his shade has been adopted in the illusory hope that the ^"»isritle of Elijah may fell upon Elisha !" ,tXfcu»mueh for a characteristic prologue-and Mt the Ghost will proceed with the " burthen .cv2FhVt«uv' '. e: buutilcMndecd did he reckons' when joining in II <h>"»»«sem*ry meet of the Melbourne Club ^Mttsdfbat Saturday week put, that on the for the kHrlhg Saturday he would have the pleasure of life Stow Was field day in Tasmania, and of proving, within ? Ibbs days of his Importation, that' tins little/island hat a liberal master, a neat pack, tfood,«ro»a country nags, and men game to ride them A notice in the Mercury caught his w «JMMhartly after landing in Launceston, naming . trysts Hutton Park of the crack beagles tmiiuiBed by John Bisdee, Esq., proprietor of ( *' that ttWestste, slid Nimrod's Ghost determined u.'Sjpe there by " h ok or crook." Passing over a jtbe.del'ghu of a journey to Hobart Town, oil Mr. Lord's styled well horsed drag, which, to a? cat's HQ had been years away from England, t. East subjected since to the jolts and concomitant i savages. ft 'h' travelling on the big stand at ' Animals, WM a treat that deserves a more " ''victimised notice ; suffice to say that through the kindnesses Mr. George Frost, of Lemon Springs, "»,>!« Write obtained the loan of a pond, and was Battersea down to his comfortable quarters on Fri '-.'^Mf-bf the last night coach. Luckily, the G host had brought his " pink, fire," on the chance of "u*$ftMjhg it. and was enabled to turn out " the Comet S Ilion" for; the honor of Victoria. A \- Jolimont rule of nine miles, in good company, b^7»^Î^T5»"'''lô''Maft5n Park, of approach strike which thoroughly home like country seat >*"»te»jtomsif 'scene of mounted and dismounted red coats and in the brought to mind exhilarating rest iniscences of days gone by in merry England An hospitable welcome, and elegant lunch awaited all comers whether friends or visitors, and precisely at noon the word, was given to "mounted away "' On muateilitg.about forty horsemen firmed a gallant cavalcade around the worthy Maker, amongst whom were Messrs J. Bisdee.'M.L. CG. Bisdee (on Nobbler), A Bisdee, James Lord (on Bessy Bedlam), W. V Smith (on Countess), Messrs Butler, Fitzgerald, Blackwell, Messrs. Cogie, Messrs. Harrison, Allwright (on I only), Jellett, Wilmot, P M, Kemp, Frost, Hamilton, and several other gentlemen whose mines have escaped the depo nearly memory. At sound of the merry season too ! the neat little pack bounded from their kennel, and their cheerful tongues told of the joy they felt at the prospect of the fun they were to afford. Although linking one who had been accustomed to the full speed hounds of the M. H'C. as rather diminutive, a more careful inspection showed them to be a well. bred and compact lot, nor would faster dogs be suitable for the thick scrubby country in which they are generally employed Slow, however, they are not in the open, as was ably proved during the afternoon, although want of regular work for more than a month told considerably on their wind Apropos iles hollis, the Ghost feels bound, as a just chronicler, to observe that the field should be less eager to keep at the very stems of the pack, as thereby they are driven over the scent, and many a check is caused that would not otherwise have occurred at all Willi kangaroo dogs, in the heavy bush, it is all very well to ride the game don shot in the true noble chase, the words of old Davis to the cockney sportsmen at the Epping Hunt should be borne in mind- vi? JJ-n je, gentlemen ' you don't come out for the hounds to hunt you'" A stag was the intended quarry, and a very short draw through the scrub soon had the lively little dogs on the spot of some outlying deer After a short gallop fives six does were viewed as to the right and a stag and due to the left, nor was it easy to get and keep the hounds together as they were rather wild Homeward due use of him n and whip brought them again " to pick, and the gallant Master moved back towards the park in search of a single quarry On reaching the booming log fence that bounds the state, a deer was seen concern g across the cultivation paddocks, and simultaneously with the hint "Tallyho"' the "spotted darlings" ? pened in a grand clio us of melody, and dished overtheimpednnenl 1 orihcfirstjurapof shed >y it was indeed a ras er; but Mr Smith led over neatly on Count 8s, Mr Butler, the Chris and another gentleman following suit at a different spot. From another direction three or four ther pinks joined issue, and a little steeple chasing then came off, over a stiff four ruler, and a succession of ugly four log fences which were taken captive by the select few On reach of the I t h the ho nice threw up, and the majority of the field warmed, to their surprise that a few lucky ones had had a previous spirit over the same line, on the line div sion of the pack. S me time was now lost in casting about but the scent p loving very dead from the 1,1 drying wind (hit was blowing, Mr Bisdee decided to make towards warmer lying ground, a d look for a Kangaroo In less than half an-hour a brisk far sister went aw >y at view and he scamper that ensued defies de cription. the scrub was very thick, and the pace by no means dusty, and how in the world we ever got through it would puzzle any one going over the ground in cool blood. Hunting caps were knocked off, coats torn, feet pulled out of their cups, and even bloody noses freely distributed yet still we dashed on the game little beagles merrily making the welkin echo, and the excited Master cheering them to their work, with musical voice and fearless speed Log and brush fences of no mean height, thickness, and strength occurred, now and then, and were crossed in every variety of style, good, had, and indifferent, naming not being the order of the day. How many ouse caped kissing mother earth must have been more luck than judgment, but one only, Mr V, "came to grief," this, 1 however, was from a mere mixture of pluck and carelessness and he was soon set going again With a few short check', this run lasted a little over an hour, when the long tailed 'un was forced to sink before his pursuers Although a stiff fence had to be crossed at the irr mediate finish, the held were well up, and nearly all participated in the' glory of being " in at the death ' After duly sharing the trophies of the chase, and " breaking up " the kangaroo (at which the Ghost missed the ringing whose cup' of Mr. G Watson, Master of the famous vi H C ), cigars were lighted, girths slackened, and a move made for home. Within about three miles of the Park the hounds suddenly burst away full cry, and the direction being in our line, they were allowed their own way Only a few of the fi Id were with them, Once having pushed forward to Hutton Park directly after the kill, and others separated in different direc- tions Those who had returned to head quar ters were favored with a singular scene, such as probably was never be ore witnessed Whilst refreshing the " inner man" they were aroused from the table by the cry of the hounds, and, on rushing to the window, saw Mr John Bisdee and Mr James Lord gallop into the grounds with the pack sustained, and then come to a check What was going on nobody could guess ; but some sallied out on foot, others ran to the states for their horses, and a general commo tim ensued, under the idea that a stag must have crossed the lawn After casting about the park and garden, Mr. Bede rode clos- to the fun c and surprised every one by saying that he had viewed a kangaroo over the board ry fence, scarcely liO ians le ore the lo ed, and was. sure it was still somewhere about the grounds Strangely enough, his words were proved true, forage "piece of s takes" the brute earn: lol Epping out of some bushes, right across the g mien, up the steps to the verdict of the house, and absolutely feral died at the front door Not succeeding in obtaining admittance, it tried the green house (no doubt tin king it a good place to put it), he was frightened away by an old superannuated hound, and again took to the open park, where he was sighted and run in of after a short spin A more convenient wind up could not have been imagined, and was equally grateful to men, horses, hounds, and the ladies who witnessed the unexpected finish a , An excellent dinner, a hunting song, and a hearty toast to the worthy was a, just allowed us to leave in line for his li g our way by daylight to the high as', the party breaking! up in exuberant spirits at the time enjoyed, and in earnest hopes of a future day s sport at the be a real Hutton Pa li The next tryst of Mr. »i-elt-e's hounds will be at B indeed, and that I e may be there to join the held is the earnest hope of Nisi ROD'S, GHOST. LtNDELL's H.aNDS. This pack will meet near Launceston on Thursday, is as to alf rd and oppoimnity-ot a day's hunt in the many sports- men who will becongiegatedlH thegrea-ÜIOiiO match to be.iun'th'e following day. " ' 