FASHIONS FOR MARCH. ( From Lt Follet.) For hall dresses very light materials are most in favor, such as gauze, tulle, and tarlatane. Satins, moire antique, and velvet are more suitable for concerts, dinners, or walking dress. Tulle dresses are now frequently embroidered in gold and silver, and trimmed with a ball fringe of steel, gilt, nr white silk, wliir-li has n. vprv nrettv effect on double or triple skirts. In full dress, sleeves are worn very short. If the dress is of gauze or tulle, they are bouillonnees ; if of velvet, or any other thick material, they are made in two parts ; as, a bouillon of tulle, with a jockey over it, to match the dress. Sometimes the berthe is of lace, and falls over the sleeve, entirely covering it. With drapery bodies no berthe is worn. Visiting dresses are made of bright colors, even in velvet, which is becoming a very fashionable material for morning dresses. A new and charming colour in this article is the gris-modes. We have seen a dress of this colour made with a double skirt, the upper one trimmed with a plaiting of taffetas. Notwithstanding the continual change in fashion, the plaiting a la vieille is always in vogue in some part or other of the toilette. If it is no longer worn on the robe we find it on the bon net; then again we find it on the dress, the sleeves, the fichus, the mantelets of all kinds, and just now we find it everywhere. It is used to trim the skirts. The sleeve, the most a la mode for velvet or silk dresses with high or square bodies is the pagode — also of ancient memory — with its plait ing a la vieille on the revers, with another plaiting forming a second revers. The body with the same trimming, forming a round pelerine. The burnois is still worn, and also long baa quines of silk, and velvet shawls trimmed with lace and jet ; but the greatest novelty is a large plain velvet mantle, very long behind, and termi nating in front in two points, with tassels. The hood is very narrow and long, and ornamented with three graduated tassels. Dresses are made very long behind, almost forming a train, and short enough in front to show the feet. The bodies of many dresses are made without basques, having rounded points both before and behind. Even these are separate from the skirt. Very little trimming is ussd on the sleeves of walking dresses. They are made very wide — sometimes cut up on the under side — and are frequently lined with white silk. Bonnets are worn closer at the sides and less slope behind than they were at the beginning of the season. Amongst the most charming wreaths was one of water lilies ; another of geraniums and gold wheat ears ; and a third of white grapes mixed with diamond stars. Nor must we forget to mention one formed with bunches of white lilac mixed with white coral. Feathers are also worn for evening coiffures ; but flowers, or resiles of gold, corals, or pearls, are more in favor. The Paris correspondent of the Globe says : — ' The husband of the daughter of England being obliged, as all the. Prussian princes have been, to work at a mechanical trade, has been long a capital hand at case, seclecting to be a compositor.' The emigration from Ireland now averages some what under 100,000 a year. In 1856 it was 91,000 ; in 1855, it was 92,000. The propor tion from the different provinces is maintained with singular exactness. In both years the num ber from Ulster was 31,000, and that from Mini ster 34,000. Of the numbers from Leinster, the counties which furnish the greatest proportion are Dublin and Kilkenny. From the county of Cork the emigration is very large, even in proportion to its size. In 185G the numbers thence exceeded those of the whole of Leinster, and were double as great as the entire of the emigrants from Con naught. The retiring Lord-Lieutenant held his farewell undress reception on the 9th March. He left Ire land on the following day. Nothing occured in any way to signalise the event. The Earl of Eglintoun made his state entrance into Dublin on the afternoon of March 12. His excellency's reception from the railway terminus to Cork-hill, was quite enthusiastic. He rode on horseback, and the reiterated cheers of the public necessitated the frequent uncovering of his head in acknow ledgement — no slight compliment in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. The noble earl appcaved in excellent health, and was evidently gratified by the cordiality of his reception. After the procession had passed Trinity College a row of rather a curious nature took place, between the students and the police. The former, who had assembled in considerable force within the rails and at the gate of the college, amused themselves with pyrotechnic displays and orange peel projec tiles, some of which having hit the police, they used their batons, the effect of which was to ex asperate the youths assembled. A general melee ensued, the horse police came within the rails and used their swords freely, while the foot police resorted to their batons. Several of the students arc reported to be dangerously wounded. None of the townspeople took any part in the transac tion ; it was confined solely to the police and students, The scene of the conflict between the police and the students of Trinity College, on the occasion of the Lord Lieutenants arrival, was visited by great numbers of persons on the J 3th and 14th of March. A petition on the subject to the Lord Lieutenant has received more than 3000 signatures. The law agent of the University is engaged in completing the evidence against the police. A parade of the members of the mounted police took place in the Lower Court- yard. Seven men were identified as having been the most violent, and of these two had the most numerous charges against them. The former had an apparently severe wound upon the right side of the face, close t.o the temple, and the front of his coat and gloves were profusely stained with blood. The latter was comparatively a young man, and was rendered conspicuous from being the only one of the party bearing a Crimean decoration. On the night of the 13th a crowd of several hundred persons marched to the station house in College- street-lane in which weie more than a hundred policemen, who, to avoid a collision were kept back within the building. After break ing a few windows, they were proceeding to the Sackville-street station, but, being stopped by a large body of police, they dispersed after a little stone throwing. We may observe that in both Houses of Parliament, yesterday evening, attention was called to the accounts which have been received of the affray. The Waterloo- Bridge Affair. — The re mains found at Waterloo-bridge about six months ago, under circumstances that must he in the recollection of every one, after remaining so long in charge of the police at the Bow-street station, were on Sunday conveyed to the Working cemetery, and there buried, the police having by this time given up almost all hope of finding a clue to their identification. The bag and clothes are still at the station for production, if necessary. — Times, March 16. An extraordinary case of suicide occurred a few days ago at Rugby. An elderly woman put an end to her life by hanging herself. From the evidence of several of the witnesses, given at the inquest, it appeared that deceased had been for some time in - a depressed state of mind, and cherished the idea that she was intended to be re flected upon in the popular novel of ' Tom Brown's Schoolday,' she having been formerly a matron at Rugby School. The jury found, in ac cordance with the medical evidence, ' That the deceased destroyed herself while in a depressed state of mind arising from monomania. Mary Stringer, the wife of a marine store dealer, at Leicester, had gone out one day recently in search of her husband. As she proceeded towards a public house, she found him standing in the street with his arms round the waist of a girl named Elizabeth Simmonds, with whom he was known to have established an improper intimacy. Words ensued between the husband and wife, and the latter who was much excited and complained bitterly of the conduct of her rival, ultimately ran across a piece of waste ground and threw herself into the river Soar. Her body was found in the river not long afterwards, but she was quite dead. The husband on being informed of the fact, ap peared afflicted with remorse and said, ' I believe I have broken Mary's heart.' The people of the neighborhood were so exasperated against Stringer and the young woman Simmonds, that the police had to interfere for their protection, but the win dows of the house wlie the girl lived were broken. The demand for fibrous material for commercial purposes has led to the utilisation of a product of which huge bonfires have been and still are made every autumn in Herefordshire, Kent, and Surrey. We mean the holbine. Excellent writing paper is now manufactured of that climber ; and hop growers may now comfort themselves for a bad season by the sale of what they heretofore wasted. And besides this, experiments have been tried with success to make millboards out of the spent hops, _ r ...i. : _l. .i ? i ? „„ -l ? j i _ ui wiuuii me uiewcueb yiciu. ou uuuiiuaijb a supply. On the night of the 23rd of February, a foreigner accosted three French girls in the Haymarket and after a short conversation, accompanied one of them, Madame Louisa Thaubin, to her lodgings, in Arundel court. The foreigner left the house in the morning about one o'clock. As in the course of the day Madame Louisa did not make her appearance, the keeper of the house and the lodgers began to have suspicions, and about seven o'clock in the evening they resolved to search the room. They were horrified at finding Madame Louisa dead, and quite black in the face from strangulation. There were finger marks on the throat, and indications of a violent struggle. Medical aid was immediately procured, but the doctor pronounced that the woman had been dead for some hours. There was a small drop of blood on the pillows. On examining the room, it was dis covered that nearly all the wearing apparel of the dead woman was missing ; as also some pawn brokers' duplicates and money. The black velvet cloak the deceased wore when she met the foreigner was also gone. As the earings were torn from the ears of the deceased it seemed that robbery was the motive of the barbarous murder. The police in a few days got on the track of the sus pected assassin. They found him on board of a ship bound for Monte Video, which had dropped down the Thames, and was just about to set sail from Gravesend. He had amongst his luggage the trinkets and other articles which had belonged to the murdered girl. He is an Italian aged 21 years, a tinsmith, born at Oomo d'Ossola, and his name is Giovanni Lani. He has since been fully committed for trial. A coroner's inquest has also been held on the body of the deceased and the jury have returned against Lani the verdict of ' wilful murder.' The winter in Northern Italy has been of almost unexampled severity ; at Ferrara, the Po has been so firmly frozen over that man and beast have crossed the ice for some days. At Turin, the low temperature has increased sickness and mortality. The ' Invnlide Russe' in a long article calls for the expulsion from England of refugees convicted or suspected of being mixed up with conspiracies. The article reproaches Fngland with giving refuge to individuals who are notoriously the authors of conspiracies and criminal agitations. A letter from Kiinigsberg gives soms particulars of a fatal duel between Lieutenant Jachmann and General de Pichwe, briefly alluded to in our last number. ' Upon the 11th of February, General de Pichwe asked Jachmann whether it was by the order of his parents that he had refused admission to the house to his (the general's) son, when the lieutenant replied in the affirmative. The general then asked whether he (the lieutenant) shared in the opinion of his parents in the matter, to which the lieutenant replied that he did. ' If that is the case,' said the general, 'you are an infamous wretch, and you shall fight mo to the death,' and he then retired. The lieutenant laid the affair be fore the council of honor of his regiment, who for three days made vain efforts to bring about an amicable arrangement. General de Pichwe ad mitted the correctness of the facts advanced by the lieutenant, but refused to come to any under standing with the council of honor, saying that, as a general, he knew what he had to do. A duel at eight paces distance took place on the 15th February, in presence of Captain de Schlicting, the second of the general : Lieutenant de Lelnvaldt, second of M. Jachmann, and a council of honor composed of five officers. The general fired first. The ball entered his adversary's mouth, broke the lower jaw, and passed out of the neck. After staggering for a moment, Jachmann advanced a few paces and fired. The ball entered the heart of the general, who fell dead on the spot.' Baron Brunuow, the newly- appointed Russian minister at this court, and the Baronness Brunnow, are expected to arrive at Chesham-house on the 16th of March from Belgium. ' Big Ben ' has been broken up. He was lowered the other day from the massive frame work which supported him in the corner of the palace yard, and laid upon his side on the ground. In this position the great weight of the head of the bell caused it to sink into the earth, so as to leave its mouth, instead of being completely vertical, slightly inclined upwards, yawning like an enormous cavern. On the framework above the ball of iron weighing 24 cwt was hoisted to a height of about 30 feet, and suffered to fall with all its weight upon poor Ben. Down came the mass in the inside of the sound bow, and, with a bellow, poor Ben yielded up the ghost — two pieces, one of about a ton, and one of some 10 cwt or 19 cwt being knocked clean out of his side. After the first blow the work of destruction went on rapidly. The fragments were all carted away to the fouudry where the metal is to be re-cast. A murderous assault lias been made on the parish priest at Castleblaney, by a man who is reported in a local paper to be a lunatic. The Rev J. M'Meele had gone a few paces homewards from the from the chapel gate, where he had been standing with a few masons who were engaged in erecting piers, when he was attacked by a man with a large knife in his hands, who made innumerable thrusts at his person, and succeedad in stabbing him in ten places. The wounds were principally received in the and under the right arm. When the masons heard the cries of the preist they ran to his assis tance and took the intended assassin into custody after a desperate resistance on the part of the criminal. Mr C. Matthews, comedian, was married in New York recently, to Mrs Lizzie Devenport, of Wallack's theatre. The decree of the Court di vorcing Mr and Mrs Devenport was pronounced only the day before. 