CREMORNA. AN OSSIANIC FRAGMENT. ARGUMENT.—General reflections 01? nothing in particular ; address to the gas lamps of Bourke street—Apostrophe to MacJones, of the quill Indecision ot MacJones—Decision of ditto—He encountereth a chum, and hieth to the Groves of Cremorna— What they saw and what befel them there-They return with the dawn of the morning, encounter the milkman at the door of their dwelling, and clandestinely enter with the contents of his can. Verdant indeed, are the years of our youth ! Green are thy shores, oh" isle of St Patrick ; shores on which once bounded thy lightsome feet Oh • Shan-Assy, of burly form, and Duffy, of the eloquent tongue -whose soul rejoiceth in May. But, with the on-rolhng course of time vanishes the greenuess-cometh the dusky hue of expenence. The leaf of"a<re shaketh on the stem, sere and yellow as the grass in thv Paddock oh ! Richmond !—yet shaU the remembrance of bygone sprees arouse us-andthe ale and the cake shall exist-notwithstanding that virtue aboundeth. Shine fitfully through the dusty air, thy towering gas lamps, oh ! chariot-haunted street of Bourke-briffiautly illuminated are the tops of the houses-but the rays of costly price, faU not on the pavementreflect ' oh, well paid Engineer of the Gas Work ! or if reflection is foreign to thy soul, let it at least dwell in the tops of thy gas lamps. Wheraart thou, oh'! MacJones! impetuous urger of the quill, torn from the wing of thebird-in sapience,rivalling thyself. T seek thee m t h e office, but vacant is thy stool-thqu hast departed, and hast shaken from thy sole the earth-cleaving dust bf the shop. " Money is in thy pocket—the cheroot is in thy mouth, and thy name is MacJones. "Britrht through tlie dusky night gleauieth the fipotless dog-collar of "Rrowna—gloweth the enkindled end of his cigar- artfully prepared leaf of the cabbage-he twirleth listlessly his useless but ornamental cane, constant adju.icfc of gents—and he imagineth that his existence conferreth a boon on benighted society. The soul ot Mac Jones wave re th ; the doors of the "Royal" yawn before him, and he yearneth towards the " dingy dwellings of dim delights," and " blissful boundings of bursting beauties," prepared for him by the peerless perpetrator of primeval puns in pantomime pageants. Whence fly the roar of fervid wheels—whither fly the charioteers, with wild shouts of " Cremorna. C'morna, C'morna." Decision seizeth Mac J ones. He encountereth Brown—chum in the office, sharer of his lodgiug, brother in the thoughtless spree, artless persuader of elongated whiskers, careful nourisher of the bristly moustache—their hands have met, the clouds of their smoke mingle together, together poison they the evening air. The friendly nobbier is taken, they confer in the shade of the Albion; they emerge ; the stick of Mac Jones is raised in air ; sudden stops the swift bounding car ; together spring the gents ; whistles through the air the sounding lash, and the click of the driver, and they whirl towards thy groves, oh Cremorna ! Ignorant of their absence are their mothers. On the car beside them sit two daughters of the stranger ;—moneyless are they, or seem so, for beseechingly they asked to be paid for. Pays Mac Jones, and regrets it the following morning. Joy stirs in their souls as they behold the mountains of Canton, like a cloud of canvas they vise in the east, when the traveller is oppressed in a strange land, and the gloomy ghosts of night flee in terror before the shades of the gas lamps planted on the sides of the dark lagoon. 'Mid tarry vapours they pass through, the ginger-bread portal ; screams the whistle of the panting Maid ot the Yana, as she scatters forth on the banks of the river crowds of the eager seekers of pleasure. Silvery sounds stir the air, to the frequent dropping of shillings pleasant to ihe ear of Coppin the speculative, and of G. V. B. the tragic. Now, on the floor of the pavilion, gather the swells to the dance ; a dozen trumpets pour forth brazen sounds into faces as brazen ; a hunch ed couples are whirling in the waltz, with wild and fantastic gestures. The mercury standeth at 98 ° •—poureth the perspiration and parched is the thorax of Mac J ones. Hail, Hirsute Nunn, of the nimble hand—playful dispenser of jokes and cocktails—brisk are thy movement and pleasant the drinks thou coucoctest, but what shall we say of our heads on the morrow. Rut not of the morow tlnnketh Mac Jones ; oft hath he visited the temple of Nunn, and shouted (not with glee), but for liquors ; the frequent nobbier gleameth in his eye, it glares like the orbits of a fishwrath moves his soul at the absence of Browna—diminutive is the form but "igantic the soul of Mac Jones ; he waxeth soon hot, after the fashion of little pots, and issueth forth eager for a fray. Sternly he gazeth at the froglike contortions of the Bounding Brothers as together they twirl aloft on the trapeze ; he deemeth their muscle as nought compared with his biceps, and boldly jeereth, to the annoyance of his neighbours, who regard the snob with aversion. The eye of a bluebottle is on him. He is noisy, and disturbeth the harmony of the evening. Divers ghost- like figures flit before his uncertain vision, flames issue from their hands, the waters surround them, the glasses jingle with the echoing boom of the fireworks ; amid the whish-sh-sh of the rockets and oh ! oh !s of the gazers, the fronts of the canvass-built city descend ou their hinges—and thus falls the city of Canton, Who approacheth, with dishevelled hair and glassy eye? 'Tis Browna but -alone ; his funds are exhausted, and the daughter of the strangershe with the roving eye—hath left his side for another ; sadly and somewhat unsteadily he wandereth. Shouts reach his ears, 'tis the noise of a row in the Gardens, the voice of Mac Jones rises above the din ; he doeth battle with his flsts, wildly whirling like the sails of a windmill ; his hat covers biB nose~he hag been bonneted—and the canes of surrounding gents hurtle in the air. Browna swoops to the rescue. • * * * » * [The action of the poem is here interrupted by Ihe appearai ce of B 23, and the hasty capture and ejectment of the friends.] Who wandereth on the Richmond road as the grey streaks of dawn are appearing—drowsy, bedraggled, and dusty —gone is the balance of their weekly pay, and unpaid are the bills of their tailor. Fresh are they, but not with the freshness of morning; odours stale hang like mist round their garments. With the early milk they slink like thieves to their chambers. are thy deeds, oh, Cremorna ! pleasant seducer of youth. Pour the soda water. Such 