HOME AND FOREIGN NEWS. Belgium is. after our own, the most constitution allv-povemed country in the world, not excepting even the United States of North America: and she stands out -at this precise moment a spectacle worthy both of admiration and imitation. In no other country bat Britain couia events have taken the regular ana |-eaceal-le ttaradbfex MW-4one °- Belrinto. Whmt was the oeattiou^tn which that country found itself? In (me last Ghamlwr of Re presentatives — the one which has now been suc ceeded by a House of a vorr different stamp— the Conservative or Priest party had ft gooi worlonp majority, upon the strength of which they ventured upon some experiments in the way of legislation. which would no doubt have been exceedingly acceptable to the high Catholic party had the means been found of carrying them into effect. Without entering into any particular explanation ?of tha nature of the measures which that party was eo anxifius to carry out. it may be necessary merely to explain that they provided facilities for the acquisition of property by certain religious houses, wiiel) might have proved exceedingly detrimental to the public interests. The bare proposition of these measures excited a good deal of dissatisfaction throughout the country, and manifestations of ?-»- pulnr hostility, bordering on riot, were exhibited in various parts of the kingdom. It was well enongh understood that the Protestant monarch of a Catholic ;»-nple had no sympathy with his responsible ad visers in the measures they were bent upon intro nuciasr'; but Leopold was too pood a. judge of the r-is-tion which a constitutional sovereign ought to nuopt to interfere with their deliberations and pur poses. In France this dilemma wonld have been snraiOHTited lit- a coup ttttoX and a few decrees in t&e; iSonil'-n-- in Russia by mi imperial nkase: Trliib in the American Union we wonld have liad canons meetings, stump speeches, rowdies, rifles, rfcvolvcrs. ktA all the democratic apparatus which nhr consins knn-a- so well how to work in snch dif ficulties. Leopold took a much more constitutions] «pd satisfactory wav of going to work. When his Cionsi'rvaiive Cabinet saw that they were making the ennntry too hot for themselves they demitted: the kin? selected successors from their political rivals; these successors took office on condition that new t-lertir.ns ttinnld take place: these «lec tiins have taken plaeo and are terminated : and the result is tlitt an overwhelming liberal majority has been returned ; thus justifying the monarch of the -4nmtry in the propriety of the appeal he has made ?to hfepenpfe, »nj scattering to the winds the hopes of the reaction ifits. Nothing could have been bettor or more -regularly managed ; and the historical ?pwsllel that Etrikea us as bearing fie closest re semblance to it is that momentous era when our own Karl Grey appealed tothecomititneneiesortiris -conntry against the aristocrats and borongh -mongers who sat. incubus-like, for ao Ions upon the institu tions of this island1. AH the friends of constitutional ?nsponnUa government ought to -fed cratefnl to Belgium far Jiolfljawool to *I»jfiajS«n« of continental internal role which many of them, are unable to comprehend, and some of them disposed enough to depreciate. . \- DisoBACEFCi.OcTft&GB; tK Parscc's Piuk. — Tjvsca Law BT LrreBpooL Ladies. — A cast came on for hearing before Mr. MansSnld and Sir. Alderman 'Holme, at the Liverpool Police-Conrt, which on the one side exhibited a persistent and systematic oiit TDge on female delicacy liy the defendant, and on the part of the ladies 'thus wantonly insulted a -simple and summary mode of punishment, which -must at once recommend itself to imitation in like cases. The facts arc these : — On several days dur ing the past week, and continued up to Sunday and Monday last, n well-dressed man was observed lobe most constant in his visits to a particular locality in Prince's Park. A house in W ? Street occupied bv two younsladlcs. a female servant and a brother fabsent during the greater part of the day), seemed to be the special object of his care and attention. Ordinary passers-by noticed no more than this, lint the inmates bad to complain of conduct oa the part -of the ' gentleman' not fit for description in print. *Rv indecent gesture and behaviour, he rendered his presence particularly nnplcasiut. At first the sisters 'kept never minding.' 'Hiey were indignant, cer tainlv; but. without a sacrifice of maiden modesty, they 'could hardly bare made formal complaint. At length the blackguardism became too demonstrative to permit of further toleration, find t!re Indie* re solved to take the law into their own bunds. A m?3-;e:n?pr was despatched to the ** youthful trallant,' appointing a meeting within the Iiouk which he had su honoured with bis polite attentions : and. naught s:iipecting. he. with ** wreathed smili's.' approached an* enter M. treading softly on tip-toe, us if conscious of clandestine admission. BfCoi ved by the elder nf the tvci la'lies, be was asked. 'Pray. 'sir, what do ynn want?' ' What, but you. sweet.' replied he. proceeding to take liberties as if with a certainty that they woald ba acceptable ; when a blow on tile head from a life-preserver afforded a striking proof of the return of Ms afleetion. The yous-er sister and the servant were not slow in fallowing up the advantage, and at length, well belaboured, and trith bud streaming blooS. crying out *' Murder' lustily, anil mayhap mentally exclaiming — \- Perhaps it was right to dissemble your love. But wby did you kick m= down stAira?' he rushed front the house he had entered in such anticipatory triumph, on hu*nbled and degraded dastard 1 But the dastard is ever » fool, and the folly of the Lothario did not stop here. lie pro ceeiei to the pnlinsstation and complained to Inspector Dodo1 nf the:niurfcrona asspalt comtnirtad on Mm bv the ladier-ia W^— ^frset. »)?pw ?.Jpe Rector «M Mnr fr^hSien^ftc^lttr^a^a sensible ffi^i. ana knowing that the fair ladies named were mait respectable, thought time must hove been m«ra in the case than the party repre sentod. So, after KttvwSag to the man's wounded heart. Wore thieking -iT Siis wonaaed feelings, and getting hia cuts .Tressed at the dispensary Itefnrc Jicply in? the remedies of the law at the poliee- ofScr. (V. inspector deemed m. little inquiry necessary. Tnqmry. of conrae. revealed the true facts: and, iu the exercise of a wise discretion, he turned the enra -plain&ut; into tiie comphtiueJ oC, and airraitedbtm for inflewRtl- rusT:nur. The same of the ofcndutg party -vu toand to be Mr. Graham Gibson. The ladies appeared to prosecute. They stated tha foregoing facts In evidence, and did uot deny tuefastigatian inflicted ; and the magistrates, aftar expressing an opinion that the blickgnard had been serrrd right, snnplemenied the Lynch {aw of the ia3ics hr a sen tence of three mo&tho;' imprisnnment and bard labour. — BiV* Life in Lvtidon. January 17. ExTEAOEDlSiRT Scbcical OPEBinos'. — On Wed nesday, at noon. tVre was no small amount of excitement exhibited iu th« surgical ward and operating theatre of tha Royal Infirmary, resulting .from the expectation of a very formidable surgical -operation taking place that morning. At twelve o'clock the roo'n was crivrAeA ut excess, and sont bers of medical men from all parts were assembled to witness it The patient had for a Xtmg period coffered from cancer of the tongue, and Professor Anne had determined upon removing the nrgan tidily. Shortly after twelve the man wns led into the theatre, placed upon the table, and quickly Tendered powerless through the pobmt infiaencc of the chloroform whica was administered to hint. Professor Syme commenced lty nuking a. vertical incision through the integument covering tko chin, then sawed through the lower jaw at the sympbsis. ?The division being made, he next procaeoed to cut iway the tongue at the very root; close to the byoid . jjone^. The arteries were quickly Ben*; ine'fcembrr ij-ge was comparatively lime, the mnn only having ^tbotaftc ounces of blood, Tiie jaw wte again placed together and die integnmeut sewn up. The man was actually able to walk out of the room. At the close of the operation. Professor Syme remarked the removal of the tongue bodily had been success fully performed in Italy, but the modut opo-mdi was of a different nature, tiie incisions having bicn made entirely in the throat; bnt he (Professor Sj-me) considered tbzt that made was attended with more danger than the one be had chosen to adopt. This operation bos never before been performed in (?real Britain: nnd should the patient recover, which is earnestly hoped and believed, tiie highest praise will be due to Professor Syme for having so skilfully undertaken that which no surgeon of this country had formerly ventured upon. — Edinbsrgh Adtreriiirr. The Scotsman of Monday says:— The patient walked out of the theatre, speechless, but grateful and happy, and has continued well ever since, being fed with a tube. He can now, how ever, swallow, and yesterday he spoke, or rather breathed out the word ' Milk.' He is cheerful, and gives every hope of thorough recovery. The opera tion wn6 performed in the groat operating theatre. Itefore the largest number nf spectators probably ever in it— medical men of all ages, from the student in his first year to the grey veteran from the Penin sula or the Crimea. These 300 spectators are not likely soon to forget that scene— as intense a bit of tragedy, though in common life, as any old Greek would hive desired 'to purge tiie soul with terror and pity.*' having *«c advantage over the classic tragedy that it ended happily and for good, and that, thanks' to tiie blessed chloroform, its very doing was quiet nnd painless. A great surgeou has many of the qualities of a general, -with some peculiar to himself. He has at once power and promptitude, lmowlttlge of what is and readiness fur what may bj — a combination of mental moral, and physical virtues as rare as they are inestimable. .. Tortsighti,t Ansnuus M»it-— As itiSj -hpl intention of-tha government to cfe4al-1iB%, MMVIpfa tereourse frith our East Inaian-«=rritories;«B**-. junct plan might nc easily effected for *undiog steamers between Point de Gallo and the neatest point on tiie Australian coast — sny Nepeao Bays (or the conveyance solely to and fto of the mails and passengers. ' By this short voyage a fortnightly transmission of letters would be secured, and the ex pense of carrying out this most desirable arrange ment would be comparatively insignificant.^ If it is necessary to establish weekly communication with the Kast Indies, surely the enormous trade *-f Aus tralia with the mother-country, and which, more over, is so rapidly increasing, demands something more than a monthly mail, and that, moreover, by the long unbroken sea -voyage to 6uez, which ex perience shows renders the steamers liable to acci dent and delav. The eagerness with which the arrival of each 'vessel from Australia is now looked for. in respect of her freight of gold alone, is_ immis tokeable evidence of the importance which the monetary world attaches to the expansion of %: produce 'of these colonies in this particular, so that increased facility of communication renders it evi dently of as mnch moment to tiie mother-country as it is to the colonies themselves. — Iffntrfjz Journal. A Mas not is the Right Pl»SB- — LoW.Pafcner- ston, xre observe, has thought it necessary or expe dient to contradict, through one of his daily organs, the statement credited by nobody, that the appoint ment nf the Marquis of Clanricarde to the office of Lord Privy Seal was but a step to placing that noble man at the head of the new Indian department, understood to be in contemplation of Government. Whence this alacrity to rcpndiate «u inteotiun. in which there would be nothing very astouishing, on the supposition that there was no doubt of the pro priety of the previous step, tiie introduct-'on of the marquis into the Cabinet at all ? We confess, since the Premier was in the humour of contradicting ugly reports, it would have gratified us infinitely more, and gratified the public also, had he gone a step further, and given the lie to the story of the pn lirainary promotion. The other tale was its own refutation. There are certain lengths to which a minister in the full tide of power and popularity win venture to go : lint there is also an extent to which a minister of Lord Paimerston's sagacity knows perfectly well that it would be unsafe to practise nn the patience of tiie public The country can hardly brook the appointment that has been already made. Tt in no inconsiderable thing to have a seat in the itritish Cabinet, even without tiie duties and respon sibilities oT a department; audit certainly appears to us that no man ought to sit there in any capacity, or by any tide, whose misfortune it is to be ao UtUs rriisiirfl ana approves by the iwtion as the Marqats nf Clanricarde. We say misfortune advisedly, because we are well aware that as 'reputation is often got without merit,' so it is sometimes ' lost without deserviug.' Unquestionable it is. however, that owing to a concurrence of certain unlucky in cidents in the marquis's private life with cerUio peculiarities or eccentricities in the moral tastes of Englishmen, his hat-ings in public respects are 'a younger brother's portion.' lie is not the man. for instance, to appcasa a sedition by the awe of his presence and mere weight of his character. It is cither Seneca, or some other ancient, who observes that 'some men, like some portraits, are fitter for a corner than for a full light.** Evident it is that Lord Palmerston is not proficient in the art cfptetarc hanging, or lie wonld not have made even a Cabinet pictnre of the Marquis of Clanricarde. In (act. he onght to have known his conntiTmen too well to lMve committRd a mistake of die kind. It is a marked trait of the English people to be scrupulous Midlers for all that easily understood, yet hard to be defined, species of dessert which %oe& liy the name of character, rsprciallr in tiie men to -whom they confide the conduct of their affairs. They like * statesman all the better for his splendid talents and accomplishments; bnt were he the ablest minister under heaven, aud had he the tougue of an angel, it wonld be nn atonement in their eyes for a deficiency in more important points. Right or wrong, the Enzlisli people tliiuk so. We VHevc they are right. «nd vcrr sincerely An we regret that LorJ Palmcrstnn hns shown himself in tliis instance iso blind or so in different to the opinions and feelings of the country. — Erammer. The 'TnrES.' — Of its history and its trophies wfi' have not space t« speak, nor indeed do we know rnnu^ti. \Ve have nn introduction to tiie mysteries of Priutiii g-ff ouse Squnre. We have seen gentlemen who enjoy, among their friends, tiie reputation of ' writing f«r tiie Times.' though ire qaestioa their claims to the honour.' We have lieen assured that this article was written by Mr. Cranky, because his wife was not invited to Lsdy Palmarston's parties— and thfit. because Mr. High had obtained a govern ment office. We have observed — more, however, come years ago. than at present — a kind of unity of style in the articles, as if ttuy tcere written in some cases by young men nf talent, and corrected hy an old hand. In particular, scarcely one leader nsed to be withont a quaint application of Scripture phrases. Rut however this uray be. nf the general excellence and marvellous anility of the Time* there can be no donbt. It has been asMured as unprincipled— it lias been termed democratic; yet, on: the greatest questions of the church, of ontversitjr, education; UgTnns. It fnrat* a national taste 'Owgool 'English. Day after day it Sings upon our fircakEist' Utble assays of transcendent merit. There are men nranng the crowd in Lmadon who fean write wifji the nerve and succulence of Junim. with the pure B.jfflisl) wit of Swift, with the majestic swing and exuberant fnney nf Burke. Mitcvuhiy has nothing innre sparkling. Berkiy nothing mire beautiful. Gibbon nothing more ornamented and epigranmatic tliau the leaders in tho Tina. We have read articles occosToniiHy that -rere patriotic ant thrilliagas the speech of Pericles, corns few — snch as that on the vnnSnnarinn of the Princess Royal — which had tli, gravity and piety of Hooker. It is something to rise above the slipshod of personal politics. It fs something to have the mind -if the nation tinged with tiie colour of minds which have all the air of f lie bust society tint the tiuroan intellect can give. It i« snmtdbing to read contemporary history, an 3 to view qm-stinns of tits day us they are written hr men who have learned to think ~from the {Treat masters of antiquity. Aristntl ?. Plato, aud Thnci dides crop out out tliironjU the 7W*j. Its essayist' arc generally men iuto tho mil of -whose intJllurf the leaves of ancient and modern literature have rotted, nnd made it rich and timing. It baa been said of Captain Sterling that he Ant brought 'the Time* intn prominence by fcis Ctcnltv of - redacting into lesdars tU': multifarions lulibjemrnt of cvitv day.' It must W confrssnd that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle 'f passing «vcnts. gangrd by Im mutable principles of experience. Grant tint if it often leails. it Ki«n.rtime» fulluws public opinion — grant that ifii not always emuwtent. timt it licjps nitnistTS into power whnm ft also assists to 'over- throw— yet, it is marvellous that snch power slnuhl exist among ns ; more marvellous still, -that 11 should be bronght together six days out of -seven with nnfiilfng pnnetuaiity. The proverbialirrecu larity of the sallies of genius is brought under Hie vdkf. The editor is sever at a loss throng^ the indolence of m, Steele. or the fnstidinu«ness of an AdJtson; haunted liy the ghost of some trappier e*. prcssion. Tiie qnanlity is as surprising as the matter is generally excellent. — Dublin Umeenity Magaaiu for January. Maklbobscgh Stueet.— Tse 'HrsaEs Kewb' VocirEBiTqiis.— Lyons and Stopford. ? a brace or donkey-lunged itinerant vendors of 'third editions.' were charged with being drunk aud vociferating in St. James's square, to the annoyance of members of various clobn. — Inspector LfiRter said the men were bawling ont that authentic information had just been received of the assassination of Sir Colin Campbell. ? Lyons (who Btood forward as spokesman) aeclared this to bs a weak invention of the police. Thefiplicc is too hignorant to understand the Hingin names vct rcrsbip. Vot we called boat was the hexpneted hiiitclligeneo nf tiie hassassignation of Ninny Saby, the monsttr of Bitemore. — Mr. Beadon: I do nbt know greater nuisances than yon newsvendors. at this end of the town.— Lyons: Oh, yer vejeahip, the greatest of latitude onght to be showed to us wot belongs to the Press in these here hexciting times. The Hingin netrs upsets all on us. Look At lout Sunday — vy in Belgrave Sbvare, veu the third hedi tion cum out, there vos gentlemen and noblemen and ministers of state coming to us to be fust sarved. ? Mr. Beadon : Well, get away this time, bnt I promise you if yon are bronght here again under similar cir cumBtances. I will not let you off eo easily.— The pair, who evidently expected lew ienSty. having raised die price of a pot between them, went off to wet their good lock. A Tbce Woman.— A young British officer, who was mutilated and disfigured In battle, requested a comrade to write to his betrothed in England, and release her from the bridal engagement. Her answer was worthy of a true woman:—' Tell him. if there is enough oFhis body left to contain his soul I shall luM him to bis engagement' HiVEtocK's Habits.— This model of a Christian kmglit has found that rait which be seldom knew «n earth. It may interest your readers' to be toVi *hat evasion ?neh ardnmts service as the'Afigtiu campaign audiiic siege oT Jentaabad— tvhere Wwu almost the only officer who supported Broadfoot in iDsintDiniog. against tlte opioioDs of both Sale and Hacgrcgor, that Tclhlabad shonld be defended and not surrendered — even there Havelock invariably seoired two hours in the snoming for reading the scriptures and private prayer. If the march began »t six, he rose at four; if at four, he rose at two I* it any wonder that he was raised irp ns a deliverer tu our people, almost like one of die judges of Israel ?— Letter from Calcutta. 