. *' ?-'^?feVELATIONS-OF A' rtXQjt. ^ ' (Ptotu Lloyd's Weekly Newf paper ) V fin. ntmfoiar; on tjie manner of his 'death. ' The fallowing remarkable developments regarding the murder ol l-r. Harvey Burdcll have been pub lished in the ' .Huston News' through a .spiritual source. The interview took place nt three several times, at intervals of six weeks to test his recollec tion of facts. It will be seen that the narrative is in thu form of an atluhivit, aud we assure our readers there is ltojlutmbug about it. Let the lovers of the marvellous read : — I, Harvey Burdcll, of the city of New York, after being carefully examined, revising the whole statement nt three several times, nfter lining; duly sworn, depose and say that 1 resided ^S'o. 31, Bond street, New York city; that! died on the Villi of January, 1857, nt about half-past ton o, clock, p,m, from the immediate effect of a blow struck 011 the back of my head, with a nail hninmer, the mark of which is left on my skull, and sixteen wounds and one scratch, inflicted by two dirlc lenives, in tho hands of two females — a mother aud n daughter. I became acquainted with the mother some two years and eight months previous to my death ; that shortly after 1 bec:iroc acquainted with 'her shortly after I bocainc acquainted; with her, she placed ill my hands certain moneys securities, to be invested for safe keeping, to the amount of 9,000 dols. aud almost 500 dols. in the bank stocks .-that nt this t'me I shared her bed; she became pregnant, anil abortion was procured at three . months by a person whom I employed, which greatly injured her health ; illicit intercourse with her two daughters then occurcd ; I did promise to marry her, and held out inducements to that effect until after I obtained possession of all her property, which I appropriated lo mv own use, and deposited in my own name ; that I never attended any ceremony constituting marriage ; I was never married to her; she is not tny widow ; t\at I gave this woman no receipt or ncknowledg. ment whatever for the above money, sccurites, Sc.; that sho has 110 means ot proving that it wns in my possession, anil' that I absolutely refused to give her any 'part thereof, having paid bills out of the same to a small amount only ; that she frequently ? wept and liecame distractcd aud enraged with mc ; that sho frequently told' mc that she would kill me if I (lid not give up ihe money, which 1 refused to do, thought frequently importuned hy her and her dau«liters ;.just previous to my murder; and for nine moutlfs before, 1 frequently threatened to turn her out of my house, No. 31, Bond-street, andinten ded to do so ; that many quarrels had taken place in that time between us, and her eldest daughter, ?whom 1 struck on one occasion, .insulted anil' knocked her down ; that on the day - f my deatln 1 took some money from the haul.', with the inten tion of purchasing gold dust from California, and for paying other;cluiius to .the amount of 3,000 dols., perhaps a trifle lessor more ; thnt they were notC3 of hand due for the snlo of gold plnte, &c.;, to the amount of 3,725 dols., i)H in my safe ; there was in my room where 1 died a large red leather trunk, iron-bound. 1 1 was a strong trunk, with brass rivets passing through iron bands. It contained my wearing apparel and some pieces of gold and gold plate, and about 1,500 dols worth of gold-dust, which 1- intended to remove. That 'a woman visited me in the fore part of the day on which 1 was killed, for the purpose of hiring my house. No. 31, Bond-street, -and 1 agreed to give a leaso^duly executed 011 the next day, when she! left. About two o'clock the woman anil daughter came into my room, greatly enraged, and related part of the conversation just had with the . person who was about to hire the house ; loud talking ensued and she said that t would not live to sign that lease — that she would kill me before 1 signed that paper. ' At tlie time, from her manner; look?, nnd ex pressions, I believed she intended to do so, which then impressed my mind with a dread and fixed sense of fear. It gave me anxiety ,1 thought she was about to be avenged for my conduct in de faulting her of her money. I left tlie lions? and saw a gentleman to whom 1 expressed my fears, and' wished Dim to accompany me ro my jougmgs unit ni'ht. After returning to my office and placing, sonic papers in my safe, 1 left, and and went to take tea. 3 I remained reading till half past ten o'clock and then left my rooms at No 31, Bond street — no person with meat the time. The first person I recognised when I came out of my boarding house wuis a ' young man,' who came up to me,. ' stopped me, calling mc by name, Dr. Burdell, and conversed, asking me iff was going, home. I replied' that I was. He was pleasant in liis manner. As I stopped,, be left me and walked rapidly awny towards 31. -Bond-street, and came past me again as I was going to my room. A signal was given at this time to prepare for my approach, when the '♦'young man* came to see that no person, followed.. A man' at this time being in the entry gaye notice to the woman and her daughter to take their position in my room, and-nvitU the weapons , of death, viz , .two dirk knivcs-tlttil a- large-sized nail hammer, bought for the purpo'siy the ' young man' Being on the outside to give a signal to the man -'lit the entry.- 1 opened. the door of my house with my niMit-kcy as usual, aud ' found a ' man' 'whom- ?31 recognised 'in the entry watering for a signal frora'1 the outside.. I passed in, she did not speak as! I' passed him downstairs; I walked upstairs' leisurely,, 'took my shawl. froni my shoulders, ' placed ''ifcjjfcross my arms before I opened m y room dbor,.wliieh I usually left unlocked ;. entering .the room, I threw my shawl. on the sof.i, and while iu the act of taking off my cloth cap, I was surprised by n- severe blow on the fyack omay head from a nail' hammtr ; .all was chirk,- when I . cried out '?Murder.' V,This staggered and stunned me at oncei.'. I wi& then seized by tile throat, and at one and the same time I wiis stabbed iu the ncck, cutting off a bloodvessel, and from behind in my Hack; the blood poured out profusely, nnd I fell -forward 011 the floor dead.. In le»s than one ' fijfeite and'one cjyartcr from the time I- entered ?ffifi'Iiouso-Lwasa^d.. , My spirit, uninjured,, conscious anil' calnr,. was Sully and instantly released from' my- body ;: my spirit- UniU mind were sensible, and I saw distinctly, ai# if at' noonday, my murdered body with a per fect sight. 1 also saw clearly the mother stabbing 1 my dead body, hnd the; driadful promise and threat fulfilled hy the very person who so often made iti 1 discerned her countenance distorted, | her eyes glaring with fear. She was drenched | with blood, her feet without shoes, with stockings saturated with blood in which she trod. 1 also saw her daughter using the dirk knife stabbing my body, with nothing ou but her chemise and night goivn ; she was also bloody, but not so much as' her mother ; her leet were Tory bloody as tins transpired. Another signal was given from the street, and the man iu Iho entry opened the front door. At this instant 1 saw the daughter dis tinctly, heard her say. ' Oh, mother,' nnd looked with a terror stricken look as they both rushed out of the room. 1 seemed instantly to follow, without exertion, as they both fled ; the mother rushed down to the front door tho man in the entry said, ' He is gone,' and the door was opened again, and the mother looked outward very much agitated ; the 'young man' appeared, stated it was nothing, all was light ; then the young man came in and the mother flew to the attic 1 was at once there, also, determined to sec and hear: the daughter rushed down to the two persons below, who bail come upstairs and stood in the entry at my room door, when she said, ' Mother says he cannot be dead ; tell her - tell her; coine and see ifbeisdo.nl.' Only live minutes had transpired since 1 came to the room. Every motion from tho first blow was rapid. The 'young man' and the man in the entry at this crisis entered my room ; the man 1 saw in the entry lit the gas, nnd the ' yonng man' stooped down and looked at my body ; the man also looked; and instantly and together took hold of my body and moved it. ' He is dead.' ' Yes,' in reply, ' lie's dead.' Then the daughter left, and 1 heard her distinctly siy, 'lie is dead; mother ; it is all over.' She was then washing in tho attic. The daughter having washed came down very shortly, folded my shawl, laid my cap as it remained. My pockets were examined, the keys of my trunk, &c.;, taken. The money also taken, and my body removed by the two men together to near the spot where it lay. The man in the entry untied my cravat, and they afterwards finally adjusted and fixed my body as it was found. The removal of my trunk to the attic now took place by the two men ; it wns opened, my clothes were burnt, some pieces of gold' plate examined, with about 1,500 dollars worth of gold dust and other valuables, 1 lost . none of my consciousness, made no effort to hear their conversation, or to see distinctly what was done ; no uneasiness pervaded my spirit, 1 was intent nnd discerning truly without apparent effort. All that passed me before 'was done by the four persons; three of them, I think, went to the room ; they again looked at my body. 'The 'young man', with a key opened niy safe, nnd the other man handled the money, being 3,000 dollars. The papers were burnt ; notes ulsu -rrcio* thoro-'to flu* nmnunt .nf 3,825 dollars. My will and other papers were burnt. The trunk was then packed. At half past, ten o'clock my room was adjusted, my body placed and arranged as it was found. The door was then closed. I saw the contents ol the trunk, and the instruments of death and other things put into it, and locked ; the woman marked it nnd put it in the car for Saratoga. In the mor ning a dray took it to a depot, as directed by the man iu the entry. 1 was present when the boy came to my room to make the fires ; he was sorely affected on viewing the body. Conscious and perfectly composed 1 was present at the .examina tion of my body, and heard and saw nil that tran spired, and , wondered that they did not disco ver' the mark of the nail hammer 011 my skull. 