mu ivxrsox Airn xich chiosi. .DL'errlffic naitlo in *hc i-ravo.runl. !Bout two yoars ago tho peoplo in Pinovillo was almost 'larmed out nf their senses by a ghost what niado it' ap poarance every night in tho graveyard. Tho niggers scod it fust, nnd wiininin and children was 'fr*id to go to bed in the dark for a month, and you couldn't git a nig ger to go outside tho door after dark, not fur all G«orgy. It made a monstrous talk for mor'n ton liules round tho . .., . , , , ? .... ?? *'T« ?»? ? — . » i ?. settlement, ana evoryuouy was anxious to nun oinr-wnojo ? ghokt it was, and what it waited..' Old Mr. Walker, wjiaf had boon choatcd out of all his property ljy: flip lawyers,, hadn'tboen ded a groat while, andaa lie' waaVidanHrqui' ourious old chap anyhow, the gohoral opinion was tha^ the old. man had cum back for Bomct.hiBg.- -..-?-' ' . Sammy Stonostroet seed it, miriVHob Morclatid seed 3t, and old ilra. Curloo BCod it whm-»luS. Vns'riiimrTi1 to town to boo her daughter Nancy the iiigkt she had ths baby, and th°y all gave the samo account the niggers did, 'bout its being drossod in white and taking to itsolf, and cryin', and walkin' about among tho tuom stones. Bob Moreland sod he heard it sneeze two or three times, jest as natural ai any human, and cry over «o pitiful. A good nnnyof the boys said they was gwino to watch for it sum night and speak to it, butBiimhow their hearts always failed 'em 'bout dark, and nobody didn't go. Ono day Bill Wilson coiuo to t.wn, ana was 'bout half corned down to Mr. Harley's store, whon thoy got to banterin him 'bout the ghost. ' DingM if I don't see who it is,' bos Bill ; 'I ain't afraid ot no ghost that over walkod of nights.' With that some of 'em offered to bet him' five dollars that ho dasont go inside of tho graveyard alono after dark. - ...... ' Dun,' bcs Bill, ' plank up yor money. Bnt I'm- to co iesfas I'vo a mind to ?' ' ? ' ? '''?'?? -?? ' Yes,' says tho boys. _ ' ' And shoot tho ghost it I boo it!' lays he. ' To bo atiro.' ? - ? 'And Pin to havo a bottle of old Jimmaly to keep mo company?' ? ' Yce,' ses all of them. 'Agreed,' eays Bill. ' Put up tho stakes in Mr. Harloy'a haud.' The money was staked and the bisness all fixed in no timo. 'Now,' sos BiU, 'givo mo a pair of pistols, and let mo load 'cm myself, and I'll show you whether I am afraid of ghosts.' Captain Skinner's big horco pistols wero sont for, and BiU Jondud ouo of 'em wp to tho muzzle, and after getting a bottlo of. lickcr in his pocket, and t alt in' two or throe moro horns to raiso his courage, ho waited till it waa dark. Everybody in town was wide awake to see how tho thing would turn out and sum of the wimmin was monstrous consarned for Bill, for fear he'd git carried off by tho yhoBt shuro cnuff. JoBt about dark, Bill set ont for tho graveyard, with a whole heap of lollorj, who weut to see niin to the gate. .?..??? ' ' Look out now, Bill — you know that ghosts is mon strous danuorous things/'said the boys as they was about leaving him. ' . , - ' Never you mind,' sea Bill ; ' but romomber, I'm to shoot ? — .' ' . . ' ' Yob,' ses all of them, BiU marchod into the middle, of ..tho graveyard turn ing 'Shiny Nights' as loud as he could, but mon strous out of tuno, and tuck a Beat on ono of tho gravestones. The graveyard in Pineville stands on the side of a hill 'bout a quarter of a mile from town. Tiio fenco is a monstrous high poBt aud rail fenco, and tho lot is a tolerable big one, extendin a good ways down in tho hol ler, on t'other side whnr thar is a pino thickot of about an aero whar tbar aint no graves. Tho night was pretty dark, and Bill thought it was very cold ; so fie kep t iking drinks evory now and then to kcop liimso' f warm, and singing all tho songs and sain tunes ho kuowM to keop awako Sometimes ho thought ho hoard something, and thon his hair would sort o'orawlup, and he would grab hold of bis pistols, what ho held cocked in his lap ; but it was so dark he couldn't seo nothin ten steps off. Two or thro timis he folt like hackin out, but ho know'd that wouldn't never d* ; bo ho'd take another drink, and etriko up another tuno. Bimeby ho got bo sleopy that he couldn't tell whothor ho was singing ' Lucy Neal ' or ' Tho Promised Land,' and biraoby be only sung a word hero and thero, 'thout boing very par tiokular what Bone it belnnccd to. ' Ho was so bominably sleepy and cornod tigothor, that ho couldn't keop awako, andin spitoof hUfcarsho began to nod a little. Just then somothing snoozed. ... Ugh I' sob Bill, ' what's that V But he soon cum to the conclusion that ha mutt have boen sneezing iu his sleep, and after seoing that his pistol was safe, and takiu onothor drink, ho was soon in tho land of Nod agin. ' ? Bout this timo old Mr. Jonkins' gang of gntos cum out of the thickot whar they had oum thro tho gap in tho fence, aud with old whito BelsUazer in tho lead, cum smell in boutwhar Bill was watching for the ghost. Old Belshazcr is one of tho oudaoionest old rascals to but in all Goorgy, and soin Bill setin thar all alnno by himself, ho goes up and Hnolls at him. BiU nodded to him in his sleep. ' Old Bolahazer stepped back a littlo ways, and.Bill nodded agio. Tho old feller tuok it for a banter shuro enuff, and back he went a few stops, and raising up on his hind legs a littlo ho tuck deliberate aim and Bprang; he tuck BiU right atwoen tho eyes, nocking him and his pistol both off at tho same timo. Bang goos tho pistol, roaring out on tho still night air liko n young fivo-poundor, to everybody heard it, and the next rainit you might havo hoarn Bill hollor murder I inurdor 1 Lord preservo me ! for moro than a mile.' Tho wholo town was out of bod in a minit, and every body that oould go was out to tho graveyard as quick as thov could git thar. Thar was BiU Wilson, layin sprawled out on tho ground, with his oyes bunged up so that ho couldn't toll daylight from dark. The guates wero scarod as bad as ho was at the pistol, and was gone 'foro ho fairly touohed tho ground ; and Bob Moreland and Tom Stalling what had gnno out thar to scare BiU, and hid seed his encounter with old liul shazer, was standing by him rapped up in thoir whito shoots, laughing like thoy would bust their sides. Bill swore that he was wido awako, and that when tho ghost oum up to him, ho tuck a fair crack at it, whon all at onoa he was struck with a olap of thunder and light nin'. Bob Moroland triod to explain it to him, but it was all no use. He suoro tho ghost was nix foot hii;Ii, and that he aoed tho lightnin' jest as plain as ho ever aoed Jiirlinin' in his lifo. BUI claimed the stakes, and everybody Bed ho ought to havo the money. But you may dop.ond ho wouldn't havo another such ghost .night for all tho money in Georgy. The fenco was inoudod whar it waa brokon in tho thicket, and thar was nover any luoro ghosts seed in that gravoyard since. — American Paper. BOUNOBIN AusTIurjA.— Our contompornry.tho Yast Courier, is now publishing a sorial biography of a person calling himself the Marquis of Townshoud, now soino whero in that locality. It appears to ua that tho aub jeet of tho biography la singularly ignorant of his own name, title, cto , if ho is tho author of tho matter which appears in tho Y. G. In the firaf. placo, ono of tho baptismal names of tho Marquis ia incorrectly spolt ; secondly, tho ago (aa publishod) ofthoEoi-disaut Marquis do not agree with that of tho real Simon 1'uro ; thirdly, his mother's namo ia incorrootly givon j fourthly, bis wedding-day ia on a wrong dato ; fiftnly, Hio maiden narao of his wife waa not au publiehod j sixthly, not loss than four of tho titles givon aro wrongly doscribed j sovonthly, thoro aro other inaccuracies in tho cilices OBCiibed to them. But wo havo dono; tho person ro- fcrrod to is not a fit person to bo lnaaUouod with rospoct in our columuB, TliJi Mir.KUiM's CoNMSSSIOX. — A German had made a fortuno in Philadelphia by soiling milk. 1I» aturud homo with two bags of sovereigns. On shipboard In countod ono bag of trnasnro. A muchiovous monkey waa watching hia np(»liona. As soon as it was replaced and tiod up, and tho othor bng onipticd, Jacko (matched up tho full ono, and iras soon at the masthead. Ho opened the Girmau'B bag, and aftor eyeing tlib protty gold, ho proceeded to drop ouo picco upon tho deck and another in tho wator, un-il ho had emptied the b»g. Whon ho had finished, tho Dutchman threw up his him.'n, exclaiming, ' He must bo tho dyvol, for what camo frou, do v»tor h* does givo to do rater, and what camo from do milk ho gives to mo.' 