RICH. IF TBUE. I understand that oar Bcndu feeling in the very I eliest manner that the present Press -of Ipswich i 11}' understands and appreciates their services, fi ve, somewhat after the style and manner of many. cJprits who desire a last dying speech, determined fatstart a newspaper, entirely on their own account, tt'be called the BeaJsi Chronidr, if true, and I have itpn the highest authority, as the papers say; it is tie verv best joke ever .perpetrated in the northern dstrictl Colonel Gray, Messrs. IVinton, Lucas, and Rass al, the last named gentleman a. clerk in the Bank of New South Wales, are to be the literary proprie tary. Mr. Whitehead, the bookseller, has been in stmeted to send to Sydney for a large supply of Lndley Murray's, and other elementary works, snch asthe very first exercises iu English prose, compo sition, &c; so that the arrangement, indeed, looks earnest. Whitehead thinks it first-rate f nn . ' The course of trne love never did run smooth,' and the pure and disinterested loves pf those ugrls Gray, Panton, Lncas, and Hasxait were very nearly brought to an untimely collapse by the lack of, — what d've think, 'Cash!' Oh, no! not the base lucre, but bythe want of an editor. My dear Barnacles first of all bad a deputation to wait npon him, requesting his services ; my lively little husband, however, stretched himself out to his very utmost height, planting his right leg firmly on the ground, about Ivo feet in front of bis left leg, looked very fierce, put himself into an attitude, and said, ' He who steals my purse steals trash,' &c.;, &C-;, &c; ' but were I to become th. literary slave of Ipswich beaks, I. should be a cur indeed/* The deputation vanished sharper than ever Hamlet's father's ghost did, though uot half so stately, and had, I understand, interviews with seve ral oilier gentlemen of the -town, letting them into tbe secret of this egg, which by the combined efforts of the gentlemen above named and the professional assistance of the medical practitioner, they had after much difficulty, pain, and labour laid, with much cock-a-doodle-doodle-doodle doing; they requested these gentlemen individually, with golden promises, tn ta]»- thn rpxnonsibilitv of tile editorials : bnt to tiieir lasting credit, let it be known, they one and all loathed the base idea. A private meeting was then called, and Colonel Gray, I hear, thai stated tjiat be knew of a ?very talented young lady; true it was tint her position at present was a servile one, bnt she had been like many another flower born to shed her talents unknown, unappreciated, unseen. The idea was unanimously voted grand in die extreme, and a. deputation was immediately ordered to wait npon this hidden flower. The gallant party having provided themselves with horses, formed » sort of cavalcade led by tbe gallant Gray, and - proceeded to die residence of this young lady's mistress. It was * sort of Cinderella acted in Ipswich.- They found! tbe young lady making a bed, but with an air as if she were born for higher, better, and nobler things. A great difficulty liere occurred, who was to make their wishes known to the young lady ? All the deputation wanted to speak, and, as the reader may easily imagine, the deputation was exceedingly unintelligible, but at last the young iady having that high respect for tbe representative of police iotbo rity which all proper- Englishwomen otigbtto bave. said. ' ? Most potent, grave, and reverend ' Colonel Grav, — have yon got anything to me for to say ; — if yon' have, most noble sir, — and it is that which I ought to bear, — I sincerely request of yon most gal lant' Cray, — that ron would desire the other gentle men to go away.' The gallant Colonel replied, that there was no necessity for that (idol the retirement) at present, but he wonld act as spokesman, told the rest of tbe deputation to join tbe Early Closing As sociation, and proceeded briefly to explain to her the wishes and desires of this body. Tbe gallant officer concluded Ms address, which was eloquent in tbe extreme, as fallows: — - rnwui, »hou-lt*e the enwtet she alive Stol«ad tlAivtaieuU to UiegntT^ Asi hare its worW ™ cojiy.' The deputation I hear was perfectly awe-strnck by the young lady telling them that she did*nt believe in them at all. at all ; Whevasin good honest service now, hod that a bird in the hand was worth two in the bmh witli Colonel Gray or any other magistrate; but that she laew of a native policeman trbo bad been lately suspended from the service on account of fcis lofty talents, and being ** too clever by half,' for his iporitSon,— Uiot tie bad been doing 'very dirty *or^ np the country, and she thought that be was the identical man *-r their money. The deputation united on Ibeir pantinjr -steeds, made a respectfo Salute to this *&yre; tadye,**ad did not draw nan tin til &ey; arrived at the ?bostelrie*4tf fte ex-jewirtable. The meeting was conducted with closed -doors (as is mneb to be desired at tbe police-omce), bntlnnder Btana that it was highly satirfactory. the policeman -»tof |rf«eSt»Ung-tfctthcfeUb)ghJrhoDODredb the interriew, that die egg which they produced was very pretty to look at, but upon tapping h, (he did'nt ? wish to be personal), bntit sounded exceedingly hol low, but the idea was grand in the extreme, and that under the present circumstances, he was perfectly ready for nuvttiiiijr from pitch and toss to man slaughter. The bell was rung in a style that would put to the Vuis'j an auctioneer's boy, and glasses ordered for a!l hands, and success* drank to the Beaks' Clirotiidt with due honours. Hip, hip, hip, hooray, hoo- rav ? HART BARNACLES. 