CALCUTTA. A hundrbd years ago by the almanac, there stood—:on the left bar.k ot the river Hooghly, ninety miles from its entrance into the Bay of Bengal,—a fort, a ditch, a palace, and a stifling crowd of Hiudoo huts. To-day the fort, the ditch, the palace, still remain, and so, loo, the mud dwellings, mort* numerous but no cleaner, than of old. Nf-vur* theless, the change has been marked—that is to say, for an eastern country— though to western minds, which have contemplated the progress of Auj« ralian colonies, of English cities, and of American states, the bundled years might as well^have .been ten or a dvzen. Calcutta — or, as it is boastfully des= ignated, the"?City of Palaces—is, a huge compound of the grand, ihe fiithy. the inconvenient, and the luxurious. It is a whitened hybrid of the Eust and West, of barbarism and civilisation. It unites within it some of the best and wors characteristics of London, Paris, Cairot and of a certain Western Babylon. ( which I choose to designate Timbuc. foo. The Black Hole, once famed for its atrocities, is no more. Its dingy stones are levelled with the .ground"; but we need not wander far in the metropolis of British India, to find many other Bl ick Holes, not quite so small perhaps, nor so very notorious, though nearly as nuxious, and wherein things as foul are perpetrated. The Ditch of eighteen hundred and fiftyrseven, is doubtless a far more cleanly sewer than that which existed in seventeen hundred and fifty- seven ; but there is a huge social ditch encircling this City of Palaces,'—fouler, more replete with deleterious and hurtful exhalations than any physical swamp in any Tim« buctoo, African or EuropeanSteam up the Hooghly in the River Bird, or the Dwarkanouth, or the Meg. na and her Flat, and you picture your* self wafted along the bosom of Old Father Thames. Forests of tall, taperingmasts ; swarms -of row b-?ats ; pibs of stately warehouses ; scores of busy steamboats waft you in imagination to London. Stroll into the jewel* lers shops, the magnificent refreshment rooms, the attractive "modistes' showrooms, and you suddenly find yourself amidst the gilt, the marble, the mirrors the pictures, the vases, o«- the boulevards of Paris. Squeeze yourself into one of the perambulating coffins called palanquins, and suffer yourself to be borne and jostled through the Bu;ra *?V\,Cop,itollab''' or> " Hanee' moody Galley.' and lo! you feel tha* Uno lives and moves, and has its be,ng about you In the most fashionr able quarter of the city-Chowringhee, theBelgrayia of Calcutta—you find African huts, and ;Caireen bazaars jost ling London mansion*, and Parisian, hotels. England supplies this metro. ; polls of the East with coal, and steam with shipping, and warehouses, France n st edim street-lamps, the aqueduct the luxury, the gaiety. Cairo contributes the noise, and bustle, and dirt, I imbue too waters tha highways and (with the fostering s-r<-am of the Hooghly, fquirted, dark mhI U>arh >>11 nf' T111 skins slung across numan backs. This blending of national! ies may be found m the institutions of the laud,' not ess than ia us edifices, and in its daily rha'mK rPn impal'tS Vitali[y t0 th'e Chamber of Commerce, the gress, the ?£PIffme ^°Urt* • Cairo t»ciures, with v ece. esP0tism, the proceedings of . ™uP*cipal commissioners and the legislative council. Commence aeon mpn^ niCe suPreme govern" ,anc},you firid yourself in close ratwn'H™*'!} Ve^ taPe> reeking with the ;no. J31 °" ^ Thnbuctoo Down ti-,p p rCet' ^nsti!ute proceedings in X W;* Shudder Court, and ,P 'j ,presuled cver bY jvdges pos« j-essiug the sagacity, the soundness, the ntegnty, the industry, 0f Timbuctoo -r"* £xrine the 'Company's f|» pi over by men who have taken i ilw ejiigly highhoncurcut Timbuctoo' f'-I tit «»f knowledge tlnrei.i cullit^his been transplanted from the I v! I ©Desert of Sahara ; the learning. \ \ tfrder, the wisdom, !he utility, and \\\f$ all the cost ate deeply imbued I 4 the spirit ofTimbucoto. a we could weed out the Cairy and ■■ Hbuctoo thorns ?nd thistles. Calcutta flight become a garden of pretty pav licet. A good fire on a very windy day ttight answer the purpose in gome Inspects. But we mast for our present Jurpose, take it and describe it as exi idling in the year eighteen hundred and gftv 83ven. *-i After along voyage full of discomr f&rt;, and some ninety miles of dull ohinteresting river navigation, the tra /«ellei* greets every novelty with the ijannesfc admiration. Shady creeks Jjjecome pieturesque bays a clump of l|urited trees are converted into a magnificent tope or grove. A knot of mud tfuts are looked upon as model village ! angularly picturesque, A bungalow of larger dimensions and more than i ordinary refulgent green and white. I becomes a palace. The Bishop's College, with ample lawns and pretty landing place; the Botanical Gaidens with towering trees and shady walks; |®d then the Midaun—she Hyde Park s of Calcutta—bounded on one side by the river full of shipping, and on the ^thereby lofty mansions end gigantic opaline—all these cannot but strike the ^jjew comer with some admiration. He Vttustbe indeed, most difficult to please 1 *jrho can look on this, and remain in*<Bffprent to it. 4 Take your way along the well-watered carriage-drive which skirts the Midaun, on any fair November evening, and you will find the City of Palaces on horseback, lolling of carriages, or lounging in g'gs. enjoying the cool, crisp air after the hot glare of a clear bright day.One might fancy it Rotten Row—so many and gay are the equipages—were it not for the admixture of races. The haughty civilian, stiff with the pride of the covenanted service—the white man's high caste— is jostled by the haughtier Baboo, reclining on velvet cushions, •nd glistening with gold and jewellery. The princely merchant is followed by tf»e country-born clerk in his humble gig. The general scowls upon the wealthy English shopkeeper, who dashes past his military dignity, only to sneer at the rich Armenian dealer driving his grey Arabs at the top of their speed to the terror and anger of the " covenanted " ladies. In ten minutes you jnay behold on the Calcutta Midaun ipore g-iiety, more pride of place, more ■ intolerant baibarism, than in any dozen corsos and baulevards, or in any score of Timbuctoos. : | Had the palatial city been emptied out like a sack, it could scarcely have worn a more quiet and forsaken air th*n it does at the sultry hour of noonday in its most fashionable quarters, say on any day in April. It might, for any "visible sigus of life about Chowringhee, be the city we read of in the Arabian Nights ; every inhabitant of which was changed into stone. The granite masses must have been removed by the municipal commissioners ; (or, in street. Or road, or gateway, there is nothing but building sunshine and scorching, CookiDg dust". The crows and hawks, though accustomed to warmish whether and seldom very particular in their habits, have retired for the day; deadbeaten by the sultry oppressions of the hour. One, only one huge-billed iwljutant, remains to brave the terrible hpat : perched aloft on the stone dome of the Governor-General's palace, it stands erect, stiff, and unyielding, as if instead of an adjutant, the monster bird had been a common soldier, ordered to die at his post, and inflexibly determined to do so. Sleep—hot and exhaustive—has set its seal upon the major part of the City of Palaces. It might be midnight, with the sun shining down upon the bushed streets iu stead of the moon, so still is everything. Timbuctoo dozes in the Presidency and Engineering Colleges. Caoio sleeps soundly in the Bazaar and the Baboo's court-yard. Paris and Timbuctoo slumber heavily in the darkened roomed, and shaded vestibules of Park Street and Theatre Road. Fr m the Member of Council on his downy c uch, to the swarthy Syce in the ata^l-j ; trom the pallid mother and |ier infant bhut in from the light of day, to the stalwart Durwhu at the gate ; all are buried in mid day sleep. The unfinished letter on the table, the toys upon the floor, the opeu mavel on the couch, the empty clarat case, the neglected barrel near the Durwahu's lodge— "•hereon those spruce guardians of the •pot are wont for ten hours in the twelve to trim their sable whiskers, and twirl their gannt bow completely the temperature of noonday in the hot season of Calcutta overpowers the faculties of mankind. You are still gazing upon the closed windows, the shadeddoors, and wondering how a fly or a ray of daylight could Steal into one of those heat-barricaded mansions, when you hear a rumbling noise in the distance, proceeding frotc the north "west. It may be thunder ; it may be a salute of heavy artillery ; it may be the explosionof som<\- powdermagazine, or steam'boiler; for, being a Griffin, you know nothing of Nor westers during the hot season, nothing " of their fury and their destructiveness. Whilst you are turning the cause over and over in your mind, and in less time "than I can describe it, the sky becomes overcast, the distant rumbling noise approaches, and sounds rush down upon yon like a thousand waggons booming and clattering over an iron bridge. The virlvvind is upon you ; you stagger against and cling for safety to an iron railing, and find yourself shrouded in a vast winding sheet of back-red dust. The dust- cloud rises like a mighty sea surging over breakers; it covers and hides everything Looking across the Midaua, from the corner of Chowringhe you see nothing of the cathedral, save the small cross on its topmost pinnacle, looking like a stone star amidst the ' blood-red cloud and the clear sky above. The Governor General's palace is also envelope in one mighty rolling dust •toriu which has swallowed all its gran* <kur and ittbeftaty save the round dona e j on its sunm-it ; v.h ch is s-tiil vi.-ibin lilo:1 a little lob floating on a sea of I temp^t, iheb .id adjutant t'rugule.s -w tii flipping winus and outstretched neck, to keep hU looting against tinraging whi/lwind ; lm: in vain. The wagons dash on over the iron bridge more madly than ever ; the sky assumes an inky darkness ; the dust-storm is victor over everything-in its way; the dauking bird struggling and screaming is swept from his post, and the red cloud of dust-waves roll higher and wilder. Lofty trees groan and give UP the ghost, measuring their tall lengths on field and road. Verandahs are peeled away from noble mansions, as the sail is split and torn ffom the yard. Hu's are caught up, short high in the air. and deposited in tanks, In gardens, in glass-houses, and aboard ships. Houses are unroofed with the ease and completeness that a thirsty negro peels an orange. Cattle are jostled and swept off their legs in;o the Hooghly. Ships are torn from their moorings, whirled round like ham ming-tops and swept away. Fleets of country trading-boats are -crushed jammed, splintered, and rendered helpless .* and such of them as do not sink at the moment are huddled into ruined masses, and thus driven, spinning and whirling, in mad imitation of their big* ger brethern far down the foaming river, only to find destruction amidst the myriad ships groaning at their anchor3, or drifting out towards the sea. Let us step in and see what is doing at one or two of the City of Palace? coheges. These national institutions j for spending money under false pre. tences, are worth a passing glance ; inasmuch as they are the means of filling, several hundreds of pages of letterpress, annnally, in the shape of Reports on Palatial Education. The halls and rooms are vast enough ; the punkahs swing lazily enough ; the professors—with one or two exceptions—do little enoegh ; the classes are select enough ; and truely the cost is heavy enough, to satisfy the uiost bigi-lygifted of the covenanted- Consequently, these expensive gardens for cultivating the Great Sahra tree of knowledge, are eminently successful— in their way. |*fc is true there are one or two fcelrtainly not more) gentlemen of distinguished ability and character filling the chairs, but the bulk of the Seated are worthy of the covenanted head of the department; who, not long since, maintained that chemistry is a branch of electricity ! The salaries of the professors and principals . range between twelve hundred pounds and four hundred pounds per annum ; the highest rate securing the least amouut of labour, namely, four horses a week : the average toil for each professor beinj> eight hours weekly. The ordinary instruction imparted, is, by means of reading aloud, and a few questioes asked by the chair upon the subject in hand. Sometimes one or two sentences may be given the youths of the class ; who write their construction of them on slips of paper. A professor of literature was recently desired by the head oi the department who has such original ideas concerning chemistry,to undertake the geological class. in addition to his own. The gentlemen pleaded his utter ignorance of geology, but was assured that his non-acquaintance with the science did not in the least disqualify him in the eyes of the department: he could very easily cram, and read lectures from books, of which there were plenty in the library. All this accounts for the immense proficiencv attained T)y the pubile who'go to school in the City of Palaces. The General Post-OfSce3 the Post; Office for all Eastern, Central and Northern India—with branch offices two thousand miles distant, at the foot of lhe snowy Himalaways, in the. remotest corner of cold Assam, on the borders of Cacal, next door to the Vale of Cashmere, round the corner of ths Bay of Bengal, amidst the golden pa. I godas of Burmah,^—is indeed, a remar k able establishment: an institution worthy of our closet attention ! There it stands, opposite to Metcalf Hall, closeto the muddy banks of the Hooghly Round the old rickety pair of gates, are a number of Ifldoo Hibernian j-mnt ing cars, very dirty, very old, aud very crowded with dirty Arabs, or Hin doo?, or Assamese. It is not easy to tell who they are, bedecked with shabby many coloured robes of green, bine, red and yellow. These are the Calcutta local post men. Within the neglected gates you gaze about life narrow crowded court yard searching for the Lahore Mail or the Express for the Himalayas. Is it a light camel cart elephant coach, or a buffalo spring wagon ? Nothing of the kind is to be seen within these queer pent up prerm ises. You perceive nothiog b ut a crowd of dirty carts, seme light and very weak vans, and no end of broom in cases and wooden boxes scattered ab°ut in all directions. ^long one side and end of the yard are a scries of disjoined tiled buildings ; low decent looking sheds with small doors and wooden barred windows. No two of them are alike They appear to have been built by masons of a multiplicity of tasts and were it not for a number ef apertures for letters stampted and unstamped, and Newspapers for Europe in various old corners of the yard under small verandahs and behind dwarf I windows, no one could for a moment imagine that any postal trans* action were carried on within the premises. In one small> dark room a Bengalee clerk is busily occupied at a ricketty table. The floor is scattered in every part with parcels enveloped in yellow wax*cloth ; and, amongst them seated on th-ir haunches, are a brace of half clad coolies, melting, on the pareels, numberless smalls lumps of dirty sealing wax—very leisurely, a'; though the post waa not going out before the week after next. This is the despatching room. Within the unletered giad of .hose two coolies, is placed the correspondence ot Europe, Africa and America with the north*west of India and the Punjaub. You inquire of the of the Hindoo scribe at the small table, where the Overland Letter-box is ? | He has grown grey in postal duties, yet pt-aU (iter ""fH-rju-e ot ativ socn r^i ■Clip. Be tioes n >t »veu know what offi-e is next to his own small, carlt room : so Ftnall i? his own intel: left. All he kno ws, is. thnt thd largest butidie o: y :iloiv, buttoned over with lumps of w;<x, is iur Aera : that tile thin parcel is fur Lutknow ; and that the Ptinjaub claims the three dumpy packets. In a little narrow verandah, before a series of barred apertures, sits a turbaned poute at a desk, vetailiug pastager stamps from the value of three farthings to one shilling. Ahalianna, or three farthing postage stamp., will frank a letter of the proper weight, from the nothernmost post office in the Punjnub to the most southern village of Cape Comorin. The yellow, wax-clolh bundles, in the rainy season smeared all over with resinous matter, are slung at the oppo-ite ends of a b.uuboo or o;her elastic stick, and are so carried across the shoulders by the Dauk runnerr, or letter'carriers, who travel at an easy run for seven or eight miles, when they pass the load- of the nest Runner in waiting for it, In this way thi the dauk coolies convey the Indian correspondece across lofty mount tains, sandy plains, force rivers, deep ravines, aud dense jungles and swamps; by day and by night, in fair wheathea or foul. The Dauk never rests ; yet it rarely has happened that any losses have occupied. To be continued 