THE WEDDING RING: A GHOST STORY DT HILES GEEALD KEON. ("From the Illustrated London News.) A LARGE gaunt house stood at the Corner of two streets of London. The fire was blazing with such great flashes up the wide chimney that, by common consent, all the lights, save one shaded dinner lamp, remained still unused. A '_' horse shoe" table stood near the hearth. Sprite-like, the shadows flitted capriciously in the more distant parts of the large and even noble room, furnished, however, in an antiquated fashion, and with articles, many of which, if once splendid, were now daily; the gilding of the cornice, for example, being" tarnished, and the brass bindings of the hufiTold sideboard having sprung here and there from its fastenings. The jagged ends, which had thus come to stand out, had tom an occasional dress ; but that' was not all for which they were remarkable. Though the house was strongly built, it land's peculiarity which the architect might have explained, and to him we leave the explanation. When the winds of the equinoctial time, or any great tempest, shook the whole street, there was not in it a house which had less to fear for its overthrow than this old building. It was a curious, indefinable motion, which went like a thrill or a shudder through all parts of the dwelling. And in this great room in particular, a room on the ground floor, extend- ing beyond the hall, the effect was peculiar and especially at and about the antique sideboard, along whose brass binding, liberated iii part, as we have said, from its original constraints, there ran a humming vibratory evidence, upon a stormy night, as if, in this spot, the powers of the air had an accomplice and partisan, holding watch within doors, and exchanging signals with them, when they roared and screamed over the roof, and boat at the windows, and tried the whole system of the walls with furious buffets. Altogether, people who knew the house, wondered why the master of it would not make it new and gay. A few modern alterations would turn it into so seconded a mansion. But, of course, he best understood what pleased himself, and he merely kept it in order, but changed it in nothing. He was present now at one side of the fire- place; that which commanded a view of the door, half reclining in a capacious arm-chair, and a dninb-wiiiter beside him. On this little table were some fruit plates and glasses. Several other persons, all of the roster sex, formed a semi-circle round the hearth and behind them stood a large table bearing the after dinner dessert. A young man, between whom and another guest there was also a dumb waiter, similarly furnished, sat in the corner opposite to the master of the house. Though it was Christmas eve, this youth was gloomy. , ., "Upon my word, Thomas Hedingham," said the host, my young friend, you are charming to-night. One would think it is not the night it is. Here we are, comfortably enough contented, and surrounded with friends real confidential friends -on the follies night in all the English year, and may I be hanged if you don't look as though you were going to be hanged yourself; "Drink your wine, sir," said Mr. Ruscome, in a deep voice, and with imperiousneBS quivering out of a double chin. "I have been for more years than you can count in your life a partner in our worthy host's thriving, and, though I say it, great and powerful commercial house. And, I maintain it, his commercial house is such that his domestic house has a right to be cheerful. Drink your wine, sir." " Have you seen a ghost?" said another partner of that ancient firm. "They grow about this time of year. Our worthy host, Mr. Blamfydd, knows something about ghosts." "Well," said Mr. Blamfydd, "I need not say that I am no ghost hunter, or ghost fancier, or ghost seer in the ordinary acceptation ; but to show our young friend yonder who is impatient to depart, without knowing whither he would go -that it may not be such waste of his time as he supposes to listen to an old man's tale ; before turning his back upon a destiny of which be little dreams, I will tell you a passage of my own life. 0#>gh«n in to tam and was. ¡ At this moment the "tompestTwhlch had been in a Bott of H, k11, awoke and lifted itself into a paroxysm which shook- the" dying year with its violence, and made the ancient wa solid edifice tremble and shudder in every joint. The door Opened slowly, while a cold rush of thefts entered the ariaffrtKjTit j and some other and distant door in the establishment WM heard to shut with a sound like thunder and with long reverberations, which seemed to fly through the inside on missions of consternation. But this struggling cohort of the outer storm was not the only thing which altered the resort where good guests were enjoying the eve of a good time." A lovely girl, some 19 years of age of fair complexion and an exuberant wealth of light brown hair, with the illu- sions and enchantments of youth in the tenderness of her blue eve-yet (as the old man whom Gil Blas met in the Andalusian hostelry would have said with many events written already upon her radiant countenance stood suddenly like a vision or shone like a star, in the midst of the threshold. Hedmgbftm, a little on one side, and she where she had come, remained for an instant confronting each other. He became pale She after a moment of surprise-her large blue eyes growing the larger and more luminous under the black lashes exclaimed !?- , "Oh! Mr. Blrfmfydd, do not believe! It is way upstairs this is a strange Christmas prank." The door closed, and the room seemed colder and darker for her absence. " A strange Christmas prank, indeed !'' echoed Sir Thomas Hedingham (for the gentleman, though so young, was a baronet of thirteen months' standing "And so, Mr. Blamfjdd," added he, with concentrated wrath, " all is of your contrivance." "All, sir, all. And now sit down and learn more than you look for." Unobserved in the excitement of a minute or two, the same curious sound which had been heard in threaded' part of the evening, quivered faintly yet distinctly round the old sideboard, as Heding ham strode by it, and went to resume his seat, with eyes dilated to an expression almost equally blended of anger and curiosity, and turned intently upon his host. There lived in a withered dwelling, not far from my father's house, a couple, whose forlorn age was consoled by the sweetness and goodness of an exquisitely beautiful girl, their only child Ancient and noteworthy was the family ; but so fallen from its pristine condition, that its present generation could not afford fires sufficient in their home to keep the mildew out of its inner walls. Somehow the parents concerned, in spite of this grinding penury, to give their daughter an education from which she drew more even than the commensurate advantages. These attractions and blandishments of person which, in her, exercised their invariable power, were but a type of the beauties of her heart, and of the charms of her intelligence-themselves a type of something higher and more imperishable still " beyond the flaming walls of the world" (extraflammantia monia mundi). I felt, at that epoch of my life, into a-a-Buscóme-can you help me to a word?" " Well, I think I can, Mr. Principal : suppose we say a fit of illness " " Then we should not say what was very exact. This young lady of whom I speak (now not a young lady-now not living I need not very minutely describe." "Whynot, sir" demanded Thomas Hedingham "You are listening, are you? Because, she was the Hung archetype of Agnes Winners and of her you can judge for yourself ; she stood but now on that ancient that memorable threshold ! of her we all can judge." "You have not mentioned the name of the other young lady, now not young now not living." interposed Thomas Hedingham. " Her name !" resumed Blamfydd. " Her name also was Agnes-Agnes Chatsworth." "Who was she?" " Merely mother to this Agnes." *' She was !" "At this epoch of my life I fell into a-a-can you, Tom (since Mr. Ruseome has failed) can you -about whom I have felt solicitude, not understood by him who was chiefly interested can you help me to a word ?" " You fell for all I know," answered that young gentleman, into a very great and confused whirlpool of love and there came of it but little to laugh for. "It was just so," proceeded the host. " I was desperately enamoured of our fair neighbor. As I am almost quite bald, you have to learn that I possessed once a very luxuriant allowance of fine brown hair, which I kept in due condition. I am now a time beaten and austere-featured man. I was then allowed to be handsome. I was as good looking as Thomas Hedingham is at this moment, probably with rather more than his present share of knowledge of the world, and of the art de se faire valour, or, in plain old English, the art of making the most of oneself. The dilapidated dwelling of the Chatsworth- stood between my father's house and the mansion of the Win mere family about half-way and there, in that decayed abode, showed the fair light of Agnes, in the broken lamp of a ruined, but still respected, because ancient, family residence. It will readily be supposed that the last of the Chatsworth, had numerous suitors. Among them was young Win made, a desperate profligate. He was my only formidable rival. Agnes preferred him. When I found this to be the fact no matter what I felt here I am ; but I said that she had made a great mistake. "I am telling true things, therefore I will add that I had no idea how great that mistake was. A curious incident occurred. Young Winmere, misinterpreting the exterior tranquility which proceeded from a philosophic mind, asked me one day to dine at an inn, and, after dinner, being flushed with wine, laid the forefinger of his right hand upon his nose, and i m pat ted to me the sublime fact, that he was only fooling Agnes, that his social position made it of course absurd, that as, a means, according to his views to think of such an alliance and that what he intended was not the impropriety of a marriage with such a girl, but the pleasantry of her ruin.'' "What did you do that, sir?" cried Hedingham " My course then, young man, was what yours would have been. It was that of proceeding, at once, and right on to the great crime. I knew not by what infatuation of confidence or vanity Winners was led to make that confession, and to make it to me. But our dinner glided off, like a dissolving view into the duel the next morning. It was in a neighbouring orchard. I was hit in the ribs, and I have the mark to this day. Curiously enough the forefinger which he had laid upon his nose was shot off ; he could never more file a pistol with precision, unless he gave the left side to his opponent. The second pronounced the affair over. Unable to write, I sent a verbal warning to Agnes, by my own mother, and before I rose from my sick bed I heard of her manage with Winners. '. In course of time I also heard of the birth of her daughter, the young lady who, but now, stood in the doorway of this room. " In order to be very brief, I will tell you certain facts, without troubling you with the ways, marvellous though they be, in which I afterwards learnt them. Study the game of the Twenty Questions, and you will solve the mystery. (To be continued.) 