Jfttsr^ttatterjus* Curious Coincidences. — A celebrated Roman was told to beware of the Ides of March; and our own statesmen should be equally cautious respecting the 22nd of February, which has been of late years singularly fatal to th« Governments of this country. On the 22nd of February, 1851, Lord John Russell was defeated on Locke King's motion, and resigned. On the 22nd February, 1852, Lord John Russell's Administration was finally broken up. On the 22nd of February, 1855, Lord Palmerston's Administration was broken up by the retirement of the Peelites; and on the ^'2nd of February, 1858, Lord Palmerston's second Administration finally resigned, in consequence of the vote of censure conveyed by Milner Gibson's motion. — Glasgow Daily Mail. AUDI ALTERAM PARTEM. TO THE ED1TOE OF THE TIMES. Sir, — At a time when every newspaper is ringing with the vices of the Hindoo character I appeal to you, in the interest of truth and of our common humanity, to publish the following thrilling incident from Mr Rees's Narrative of the Siege of LuchnotP. It is gratifying to human nature to learn that even in the Hindoo nature are depths of nobleness, — that it is capable of deeds of heroic self-sacrifice, such as have never been surpassed. Those who know India best will, perhaps, be least surprised. The incident occurred at the moment when the first relieving force reached the Residency: — 'The 78th Highlanders coming upon the Bailey-guard battery, and not knowing it to be within the Residency, stormed it, and bayoneted three of our men, whom they mistook for insurgents. They never resisted, and one ot them waved his hand, and crying, ' Kooch purwani (never mind), it is all for the good cause; welcome, friends!' fell and expired.' I am, Sir, your obedient servant, AN ANGLO-INDIAN. Lord Lyttelton and the Ghost. — Some years ago I met an old gentleman at Ewell, in Surrey, near which is Pitt's place, where his Lordship died. He gave me the following account, which he had from a gentleman who was in the house at the time. This person was the organist of a neighbouring town, whose company was much courted on account of his musical talent, and who was a frequent visitor to his Lordship. The story ordinarily told is this, — that he dreamt the ghost of a lady 'Whom he had seduced appeared to lam, and predicted his death at 12 at night on the third day following. My informant's story differs only thus far, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother of the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart in consequence of her daughter's dishonour. Lord Lyttelton was at this time in a very bad state of health in con sequence of his excesses, and was subject to what my informant called rt suffocating fits' — probably nervous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his death, the foretold third day, he had a party of friends at Pitt's-place, among whom was the organist, whence aiy informant had the account. He says that Lyttelton was in a state of some agitation, and bad told the story of the dream to his friends. As the night wore on and midnight approached his nervousness increased painfully; and some of his visitors said during his absence ' Lytteltou will frighten himself into another fit with this foolish ghost story,' and they determined to put a clock, which stood in the room, forward, aud when he returned to them they said, 'Hurrah! Lyttelton, 12 o'clock is past, you've jockeyed the ghost; now the best thing is to go quietly to bed, and in the morning you will be all right.' He accordingly went upstairs; and while some of his guests were putting on their coats to depart his valet came down to fetch something — it was said to get some mint water, which he was in the habit of taking, leaving his lordship alone. At this period the clock of the parish church, which was not far off, and which, of course, could not have been touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour. The valet proceeded upstairs and shortly burst forth into loud exclamations. The party ran up and found his Lordship had fallen dead. My informant's impression was that the sudden revulsion of feeling from a state of fancied security to finding himself at the moment in the very instant of the dreaded danger had caused such a reaction as to bring on the fits which carried him off He, no doubt, had heard the first stroke of the cloek as well as others downstairs, and as each successive blow struck slowly upon the bell the sense of danger and the remem brance of the dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a frame and so diseased a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. It is not improbable most ghost stories might be found to end in a similar natural solution. — Notes and Queries. Sufferings of the Utah Expedi tion. — On the 6th of November we found the ground once more white, and the snow falling, but then very moilerately. I marched as usual. On a four-mile hill the north wind and drifting snow became severe; the air seemed turned to frozen fog; nothing could be seen; we were struggling in a freezing cloud. The lofty wall at *' Three Crossings' was a happy relief, but the guide, who had lately passed tber-*, was relentless in pronouncing that there was no grass; the idea of finding and feeding upon grass in that wintry storm, under the deep snow, was hard to entertain, but, as he promised grass and other shelter two miles further, we marched on, crossing twice more the rocky stream, half choked with snow and ice. Finally, he led us behind a great granite rock, but all too small for the promised shelter, as only a part of the regiment could huddle there in the deep snow, while the long night through the storm continued, and, in fearful eddies from above, before, behind, drove the falling and drifting snow. Thus exposed, for the hope of grass, the poor animals were driveu with great devotion by the men once more across the stream, and three-quarters of a mile beyond, to the base of a granite ridge, but which almost faced the storm; there the famished mules, crying piteous! v, did not seek to eat, but desperately gathered in a mass, and some horses, escaping the guard, went back to the ford, where the lofty precipice first gave us so pleasant relief and shelter. Thus morning light had nothing cheering to reveal, the air still filled with driven snow; the animals soon came driven in, and, mingled in confusion with men, went crunching the snow in the confined and wretched camp, tramping all things in their way. It was not a time to dwell on the fact that from that mountain desert there was no retreat nor any shelter near, but a time for action. No murmers, not a complaint was heard; and certainly none saw in their commander's face a doubt or cloud; but with cheerful manner he gave orders as usual for the march. And then the sun showed his place in the sky, and my heart, for one, beat lighter. But for six hours the frost or frozen fog fell thickly, like snow, and again we marched on as in a clould. * * * I have 144 horses, and have lost 134. Most of the loss has oc curred much this side of South Pass, in comparatively moderate weather. It has been of starvation. The earth has a no more lifeless, treeless, grassless desert; it contains scarcely a wolf to glut itself on the hundreds of dead and frozen animals which for 30 miles nearly block the road with abandoned and shattered property. They mark, perhaps beyond example in history, the steps of an advancing army with the horrors of a disastrous retreat. * * Nov. 10: The northwest wind continued fiercely, enveloping us in a cloud, which froze and fell all day. Few could have faced that wind. The herders l-*ft to bring up the rear with extra but nearly all broken-down mules, but could not force them from the dead bushes of the little valley, and they remained there all day and night, bringing on next day the fourth part that had not frozen. Thirteen mules were marched, and the camp was made four miles from the top of the l'ass. A waggon that day cut partly through the ice of a branch, and there froze so fast that eight mules could not move it empty. Nearly all the tent pins were broken in the last camp; a few of iron were here substituted. Nine trooper horses were left freezing and dying on the road that day, and a number of soldiers and teamsters had been frost-bitten. It was a desperately cold night; the thermometers were broken, but by comparison must have marked 25 degrees below zero. A bottle of sherry wine froze in a trunk. Having lost about 50 mules in 36 hours, the morning of the 11th, on the report of the quartermaster, I felt bound to leave a waggon in the bushes, filled with 74 extra saddles and bridles and some sabres. Two other waggons at the last movement he was obliged to leave, but empty. The Sharp's carbines were then issued to mounted as well as dismounted men. — Extract from a Report by Lieutenant- Colonel Cook, in charge of a Detachment of the United States1 Expedition, against tlve Mormons. 