MAKRIA.ii' OF H...-R. H. ;THttPKlNCESS ! ROYAL. 'The Chapel' Royal in ?which ' the rnar ? ri'.ge of the Princess was solemnised ia a ?mall apartment, suited 'only in dimen sions for the private worship* of the Court; but' altogether unworthy in its aiDearance. and in the character of its ? oriament, of the name it bears of ' the Chipel Royal.' ' 'It is almoit the only ? existing relic of the work of that Holbein who combined in himself the profession of an architect,' and of the portrait ' painter, to the. Court of the Tudors; Her Majesty has ceased 'since 1842 to attend ' the building for Divine worship, a. private \- chapel being provided in Buckingham Palace. It was while, going to the Chapel. Royal that her Majesty was fired at,by the. insane, youth, Francis. .The Royal pew or M Closet,' as it is termed, 5s usually oceupiec1, during Divine ser vice bv the Duchess of Cambridge, the i Princess Mary, and the Duke of Cam bridge, ' . and'.':- other . relatives': of . ' her Majesty. v.- ..... . ' ... ..... ? , . In order to afford increased accommo dation for the' illustrious, visitors who were to take part in ?- the ceremony of Monday, as well.,'ar..to .provide more room for the processions, the whole of the' unsightly high-backeel pews .were re . moved from the body of the chapel. Seats rising one above the other om each side, of the chapel were' reserved for the ^accommodation of visitors. '_ A' 'dais,' or haul pits,' as It' was; termed,, raised a '''few ' inches above the level of the floor, and ? ? extending to the , communion-rails, was provided for her '? 'Majesty.' ': tlie Prince Consort, the bride and .bridegroom, and their immediate .attendants! Two light galleries', running north and 'south, on each side of the chapel, were also erected, whicV provided' si ttirig'accb'mmoaation'for about ISO peers and peeresses.: Some \- recesses at the back of the galleries, and by the side of the organ; were also fitted up with seats for : the accommodation of persons whom it^ would be a perfectunis nomer to call ' spectators','1, if the' 'cere- mony,. or( the marriage,, or , the,, gorgeous prbces'si6nswere:the' -objects : desired to be witnessed? -'The window of the chapel over the altar.had,b'een'greatly. increased in size, by being' lowered to-'a short dis tance above1 -the5 'communion' 'table, and'w'as'filled 'with' heat stained 'glass. The walls, around, the east end. of the chapel were''h'uhg „', with' dark ;' crimson velvet, with a heavy .bullion .fringe. Qn the '-communion'-' :table- was: placed a mass of gold . and «ilver-gilt church plate, with' most of which some interesting historic associations were con nected. There was a famous flagon which the first of the Stuarts gave to the chapel, and which, by some almost mira culous influence, some how or other es caped tlie iconoclasm of the saints of the Commonwealth. A magnificent salver of repousse work of the Lord's Supper ?was of the workmanship of the time of Aane, heavy and gorgeous, as was the ?tyle which prevailed 'in the early part of the Georgian era. The whole of the church service of gold, of Queen Anne's reign was also placed on the table. ? ' In the general arrangement of the seats in the body of the chapel, those in the front, on the right hand side, were re served for tlie ladies of the suite of the bride, of the Princess of Prussia, and the gentlemen of the suite of the Prince of Prussia. On the opposite side were the ladies and gentlemen of the suites of her Majesty, the Prince Consort, and the Duke and Duchess of Saxe-Cnburg.. On the second bench, on the right, were the seats of other members of the Prussian suites nnd Legation, and officers of the Queen's, household; the corresponding s'jats on the left side were for the suites o the King of the Belgians, his . .son .die Duke of Brabant, and officers of her I Majesty's household. The third bench | on the right was reserved for Cabinet Ministers and their wives, and on the opposite side for the ladies and superior officers of the .Queen's household. Governesses and the Lady Superintend ent, surgeons and physicians, grooms and pages, occupied two rows of scats on the' right hand, and on a bench, corres ponding on the opposite side were the wives of the officers ? of the household. Behind them were the representatives of an estate which, always felt, Is supposed, by the fiction of Court and Parliament, to be always nbseut, and consequently invisible. No reasonable complaint could possibly be made by the members of the' press, respecting the accommoda tion afforded ; and, if he will receive so intangible a gift as the thanks of the gen tlemen of the - press, we, for our own part, tender to the Lord Chamberlain, and to. the Hon. Mr. Spencer Ponsonby In particular, our acknowledgments of the courteous and attentive manner in which, as far as possible, our conveni ence was studied. ? The earliest of the arrivals was Lord Chief Justice Campbell, in his suit of black velvet, his gold chain and collar, and wearing white bridal favors. He was accompanied by Lndy Stratheden. Next, in gorgeous habiliments and blazoned with heraldic emblems, ap peared .Garter King at Arms, bringing with him a train of heralds, in their embroidered tabard3, appearing fullyalive to the importance and 'dignity of the high functions which they were about to perform. The next person who showed in the Chapel Royal was Alder man Wilson ; he, was present by virtue of his office,' as Queen's Harbinger, and wore the uniform of a. full Colonel and his . chain ? of office.' '? His early arrival was, . we presume, in ac cordance, with . the . duties. . of his office ; for, like tho '-' feathered har binger of spring,' he made his solitary appearance long before the advent of majesty. . Colonel Wilson hnd not retired many minutes before peers and peeresses, Cabinet Ministers and their wives, began to arrive in quick succession.' Among the earliest was Viscountess Comber mere, who wore a magnificent white satin dress, trimmed with point Idee. Lady Ertest Bruce,' wife. of the ?Vice-Cham- berlain, came' next, dressed in white moire antique, with trimmings and scarf of cherry color. The Cabinet Ministers now. began to arrive, Mr. . Baines being the first, followed by Sir Charles and Lady Mary 'Wood, Lord and Lady Stan ley of Alderley, the Duke of Argyll, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Pan mure, and Mr. Labouchere. The gen tlemen for the most part wore the Minis terial uniform ; but Mr. Labouchere wore the intensely ugly uniform of an Elder Brother of the Trinity House— a curious combination of the garb of a two-penny postman and a naval- lieuten ant's dress and which caused Lord Pan mure to exclaim aloud, . in jocularity, 'Turn out that horse marine!' ,A11 gentlemen entitled to wear the orders oi knights wore them, and with them white rosettes upon their shoulders and breast) ; those who were not knights wore no bridal favors. Conspicous among the peers by his dress and noble ; appearance was the Duke of Atholl, who wore . the full costume of his clan, tartan nnd philibcg, claymore, and heron's plume. It is. almost needless .to say that his Grace1' attracted considerable notice, especially among the foreign visitors, to whom the sight of the Highland costume is always an event. Lord Derby next appeared in a magnificent uniform, look ing as fresh and as ready to be tho Rupert of debate as in the palmiest times of Parliamentary warfare. Then came another group- ot Cabinet Ministers.' Lord Clarendon seemed for the moment to have forgotten the cares of diplomacy, and the Chancellor of- the Exchequer also looked a shade less serious than usual ; Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, wearing 'a Crimean medal ; ' Lord and Lady 'Westmoreland, and the venerable Marquis ; of Lansdbwne. The appear ance of Lady Palirierston created a buzz of excitement. The wife of tlie Premier wore a magnificent dress of rich blue yelour epinglc,' trimmed with costly point lace ' and 'pearls ; ' corsage, with stomacher of diamonds; .coiffure of os trich feathers ; and a profusion of dia monds. ...:.-???,???-. , ? . - ' The* galleries at this time had become well filled, .the front -row .of seats being occupied' exclusively by ladies, whose rich and . varied-colored dreBses formed a picture' of .'surpassing beauty^ 'Among the peeresses who were seated in front we noticed the Duchess of Atholl, who wore a rich, dress of, white satin and pink, trimmed with lace ; the Duchess of Kox burghe, in a dress of light blue silk: the Countess of Derby, in a dress of mag nificent geranium-colored satin, with a tunic of Brussels lace. There, too, sat in that line of beauty, rank, and fashion, the Duchess of Richmond, the Princess Edward of Saxc-Weimar, tlie Duchess of Buccleuch, the Duchess of Atholl, the Countess of Gainsborough, the. Countess of Jersey, the- Marchioness of Westmin ster, Lady WaterpaTk, Viscountess Forbes, 'the Countess of Fife, the Coun tess of Sefton, the Countess of Hurd wicke. Lady Ebury, Lady Cnmoys, Vis countess Monck, the Countess of Desart, Viscountess Torrington, the Countess of Westmoreland, the Countess of Dela ivarr, Lady dc Tnbley, the Countess of Caithness. Tjady Byron, the Countess of Mount Edgcumbe, and, nearly over the altar, the Duchess of Inverness. .The sun broke through the dull fog which overhung the Palace during the early part of the morning, and several, times the rays of light darted along the front of the gallery, and producing, .with the sheen of silks and satins of every hue, and the flashing of gems and waving of courtly plumes, a picture . of matchless beauty, painted with . the softest harmonies of color. The arrivnl of the procession of the Princess of Prussia was the next point of interest Her Serene Highness the Princess of Prussia entered the chapel magnificently attired in a robe of white satin.-antl-with her: train borne by the youthful ? Countess ' Hucke. With her Royal Highness came their- Highnesses Prince Adalbert, and Prince Frederick ' a Charles, and a most brilliant suite of Prussian officers. The whole brilliant audience rose en masse, and bowed as the Princess Royal's mother-in-law elect passed on to the altar. The Princess was accompanied by the Countess Hohenthal, the Countess Zu Lynar, tho Countess Perponchcr, the ladies' appoin ted for the bride, and the Countess Bern stoff, wife of the Prussian Minister. The Princess was conducted by Sir Ed ward Cust to her position on the right of the altar. ' Far off, now dying in distance, now pealing louder, now softly . echoing through the chapel, was heard the sound of silver trumpets, and the .beat of tlie kettle-drums, heralding the. approach of the Sovereign. Now the Lord Steward, with his wand of office, Garter Kingat Armg, the President of the Council, the Earl Marshal: — a '... perfect blaze of embroidery — the Lord High Chancellor, in his state robe and Court wig, enter the chapel ; drums and trumpets, and minor heralds, have gone to the right-about; and then, debouching from under the doorway, comes the. noble-looking Prin cess Mary of Cambridge', and a murmur of admiration from even those long ac customed to Court ceremonials, rising from many, swcllsinto an audible greeting as with elegant stateliness, the Princess walks up the centre of the chapel. Next, with affable and soldierly bcnruig, comes the Duke of Cambrige, and his scarlet uniform, attended by Colonel Tyrwhitt. The venerable Duchess of Cambridge, and the mother of her Majesty, upon whose fine features there played a graceful smile, and in the expression of whose face one could read something bf a feeling, of woman's pride at the marriage of a grand daughter, received the silent homage of the Visitors. Then came Lord Palmers ton, bearing the massive sword of state, in its gold and crimson scabbard, with a ponderous dignity, defiant as the British lion, and careless that more than seventy summers had passed overhis brow. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred follow in Highland costume.: Now, the observed of all observers, the centre on which all eyes are rivctted, the object of a nation's loyal allegiance, and of her people's adoration, there comes' with Royal dignity, and in all the conscious pride of womanhood, her Majesty the Queen. .She leads in either hand her youngest sons. Prince Arthur and Prince Leopold, and she is followed by the Prin cess Alice and the youthful Princesses Louisa and Helena, who wore simple but elegant dresses . of pink tulle. Every heart feels involuntarily something like private devotion to one who, ' through their Queen, was still a woman and a mother. Her Majesty wears a mag nificant tiara of diamonds and other jewels, and wo feel proud that our Judges learned in the law have hot awarded every jewel we possess to the Hanoverian Monarchs. Her Majesty is conducted to her fauteiiil on the left of the altar, bul remains standing while a march from Handel's ''Occasional Oratorio' is per formed. Lord Palmcrston, still grasping the sword of state, stands by her side { and nearer, in noble and queenly bear ing, the Duchess of Sutherland, who with the great Lorenzo, deserves- to be styled tha ' magnificent.' Around her Majesty are grouped five, of her younger children, the two elder . Princes standing on the right ofthealtar. There is a short pause arid a profound silence. It is broken again by the blare of distant trumpets, and all eyes are directed towards the door. Heralds stand aside and the decorative parts of the pageant disappear. It is the bridegroom. He wears the dark blue uniform of the Prus sion service, nnd over his breast the orange ribbon of the Order of the Black Eagle; his helmet, of polished silVer, and its plume of feathers is carried in his hand ; and, with.stately, though somewhat hur jied step, he walks up ? the centreofthe chapel, . his' father, the Prince of Prussia; and, his brother, .Prince Albert, on each aide.,!..Arriyed at the dais,* to' which he is conducted by the Vice-Chamberlain, he bows with stately dignity to his mother ; and, then turning to' the left, makes a law and' profound obeisance to 'the Royal mother of his bride. . Kneeling at the alter, the. Prince remains a few seconds in his devotions. Then, rising from his knees, he stands alone in the centre, and every eye directs towards him its most searching glance, arid Peresses look at him ' through their lorgnettes, to discover whether in his deep-set grey eye, or his swelling broad and expansive chest, they can. discover aught of the' pleasurable agonies which, solcierlyas may be his outward bearing,' if he be a man he must feel while waiting the approach of his bride. The organ peals forth a march from Handel's ' Joseph, ' but little heeds he the charming music or the skill of the organist. The swell of the organ is hushed. There is a pause, arid a silence heavy, oppressive, ariff' intense'. The Prince seeks in vain a resting-place- for his gaze ; he droops his manly head ; and we fancy that, when ho raises his hand kerchief, It is to '.wipe away a manly tear. Once more there is the distant clangor, of the silver, trumpets.: ..We fancy the music is softer, and that the clarions have forgotten to ring out -their ordinary defiant blasts, those 'brazen-mouthed trumpets are 'breathing flutes,' nwak eningrthe long slumbering echoes of state rooms by the geritle cadences of love. The first note borne on the air to the ex pectant, bridegroom is heard, when the head of the Prince is quickly raised, and his searching eye scans ' the entrance door of the chapel, nor moves his glance until the youthful, blushing Princess ap pears. ? Then there is a slight twitching of the nerves of the face, a slightly nervous and a restless movement which seeks to suppress all appearance of Inward emotion. . Amid the imposing silence we turn . from our scrutiny of the bridegroom. Now, in all the fervour of youth, the in locence of childhood, the blush of virgin nodesty, the guilelpss innocence of con iding love, thfi bride enters the chapel. The vision of youthfhl beauty passes on — bridemaids of noble lineage, in whose reins there flows some drops of kingly : ' blood, of peerless beauty, support the ; bridal train, stainless and pure as the i first affections of the bride. How anx ; ious is the look, how rivetted the gaze, which all eyes direct to that part of the procession ! The father of the bride i passes unheeded ; he might as well have been a Court herald and the King of the Belgians a trumpeter, for what cared that brilliant company for any other specta cle than that of the bride and her brides ' maids? So intent is the gaze that not n rustle of silk is heard, and not a flash of ; light moves ;in the brilliant ' sparks,' not a feather moves in tho plumes of eager peeresses : a pin could not have fallen to the ground unheard. , There is no ' smile on the face of the bride, the excite ment and glitter of the pageant has sus tained her up to this point, and she is now tremulous and agitated. She reaches ' the altar, and the Prince, bending his knees before her, imprints it kiss upon her hand. The bride is reassured by this act of noble galluntry, nnd already feels support in the presence of the Prince. She gracefully courtesies to the mother of the bridegroom, and to her Mnjesty, . who withamother'sfondncssisanxiouslygazing upon her. Bride and bridegroom now stand together before the. altar, the organ has ceased to play from Judas Maccnbcus, and we perceive that .the dress of the bride is composed of a rich robe of moire antique, ornamented with three flounces of Honiton lace, the pattern of which is formed of bouquets of the rose, shamrock, and thistle. The train is of similar ma terial. The bridemaids have each a dress of white glace petticoat, .covered with six deep tulle flounces, looped Up with bouquets of roses nnd white heather—, the latter said to have been modelled from a sprig of heather which the Princess gathered duringher last walk in the moun tains near her Highland home. The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishops of London, Oxford, and Chester, and Dr. Wesley; being assembled, an old., cho rale of the 16th' century was sung by the choir. . ? Precisely at half-past1 twelve the mar riage ceremony was commenced by ? the Archbishop of; Canterbury, the .most reverend prelate wearing his lawn robes and his episcopal -'.wig — the Archbishop and the Lord High Chancellor being the only personages present en grande peru que. The simple but effective notes .of the grand choral had scarcely died into silence when the most reverend prelate, in a very low tone of voice, read the opening prayer1 of the marriage service. The Archbishop, addressing the bride and bridegroom, the Prince standing on the right, and the Princess on the left, in front of the altar, said in a tone of great solemnity: — ' I require and sharge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judg ment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if cither of , you know any impediment why ye may not be law ; fully joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. Por be ye well assured that so many as are coupled together otherwise than God's Word doth allow, are not joined together otherwise by God, neither is their matrimony lawful.' . To this appeal, of course, no response was given by the Royal couple, and no officious friends or relatives ' coming for ward ' to' forbid the , bans,' the Arch bishop proceeded at once in .that curt and businesslike manner, ordained by the marriage service, nnd inquired of the Prince— the Church ou the3e occasions knowing no distinction of rank, and regarding prince and peasant, the noble and the humble, as equal in the sight of their Maker, and addressing all as ' man' and.' woman'— ? ' Wilt thou have this woman to ? thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy state of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour her, and keep her, in- sickness and in health ; and, forsaking all other, keep thee' only unto her, so long as ye ''-both shall: live?' ,. : ' The Prince replied, in a firm and dis tinct voice, ' I will. ?? Then, addressing the bride, the Archbishop said:— :?? ; ' Wilt tiibu have this man to he thy wedded husband, to .live, together ; after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony 1 Wilt thou 'obey him',' and serve him'^loye, honor, and keep him, in sickness and in . health ;v;'arid,!..forsaking all other, keep thee unto him so long as ye' both shall live?' ';\\. './';?',' The : Princess replied, ? in . a .silvery, child- like, and tremulous, voice,, but so faintly as to be almost inaudible ' at the further end of the chapel, the irrevocable, 'I will.'- ' '''??;? '- ' -' ?': '.-: . The Archbishop next enquired, ' Who giveththis woman to be married to- this man?' Whereupon the Prince- Consort, taking the hand of the bride, led her to wards the Archbishop. The Princess Royal, with downcast eyes and blushing beauty, then turned towards the Prince Frederick, who cast upon her a look in which his manly features were, flushed with an expression ol the most perfect tenderness. Then, directed by theArch bisliop, the Prince, taking with his right hand the ungloved liand of the bride,' and repeating after the Archbishop, in a 'firm and audible voice, plighted Ids : troth in the usual mariner. ? ? ..:... : ' Once more the voice .of the Archbishop was heard reading, and, like the '' faintest echos of softest music,' the repeated words of the agitated bride floated over, the chapel, and although a silence so deep as that a fallen pin or almost ? the drop ping of a feather might have been- heard, the sounds could not be distinguished in the part of the chapel allotted to the re presentatives of the .press. Now 'there was an interruption in the sweet, soft music, and then it was ' slightly intensi fied, as though astruggle were going ' on between the powers of utterance and the emotion whic'.the bride sought to re strain. The bride and bridegroom, hav ing thus mutually pledged their troth, loosened their hands, and the Prince, turning to Prince Albert of Prussia,' his principal groomsman,, received from him the ring which was to be the' symbol of their plighted love. The ring wns laid upon the book in accordance with the re quirements of the ceremony. Having received back the ring, the Prince placed : it on the ungloved finger . of,' the V bride, : and, 'taught-'by the .Archbishop, said : — . .'. .. ,??-' '. ?' '\ ? , ;'?'?' ;'?'.'?? :'' ' With this ring I thee we'd, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy. Ghost. Amen.' This, as well as the other portions of the. service, the Prince repeated in a voice which was perfectly audible through out the .chapel. The Archbishop offered a prayer; and then, standing in front of the altar, said:— . . .... 'Those whom God hath joined toge ther, let no man put asunder. Foras much as Frederick William and Victoria Adelaide have' consented ' to be joined together in holy' wedlock, and have wit nessed the same before God and this com pany, and thereto have given and pledged their troth either to the other, and have declared the same by the giving and . receiving of a ring and by joining of hands, I pronounce that they, be man and wife together. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The Bishop of Oxford, the Lord High Almoner, then gave out the psalm of the day, the Deus Miserealur, which was chanted by the choir with full orchestral accompaniment. . The bride and bridegroom, with the charming bevy of bridesmaids, then knelt while the Archbishop read the other prayers, invoking the Divine blessing on the married couple and upon their future offspring, that ' this man may ? love his wife, according to his word,' and ' this woman may be loving and amiable, faith ful and obedient to her, husband, and, in all quietness, sobriety, and peace, be a follower of holy and godly matrons.' Next followed the archicpiscopal benedic tion ; nnd then the Bishop of London, advancing to the front of the communion, read the homily appointed to be used on occasions, when there is no sermon, declaring the duties of man and wife, enjoining love, obedience, humility, and other Christian virtues, and prohibiting the ' outward adorning the hair, and of wearing gold,' all of which was listened to with dignified silence, and will no doubt be duly remembered in after years. It sounded strange, indeed, in the midst of that blaze of ' splendor, and the gor geous enrichment of gold and silver and jewels, and the iris . head dresses, of the illustrious company, to hear such .' vani ties' denounced, andsuch Puritan notions of simple and unadorned costume en forced by all the eloquent fervor of St. Paul, and the graceful rhetoric, of his apostolic successor, the Bishop of London, in. his office of Dean of the Chapel Royal. The- bride and bridegroom having risen from their knees, the grand Halle lujah Chorus was sung with admirable effect by the choir. Hallelujah) for tho Lord God Omnipotent roigneth. The kingdom of this -world is become the king dom of our Lord and of his Christ ; and ho shnll roign for.ovor and ovor. King of Kingn, and lord of Lords. Hallelujah. As soon as the Hallelujah Chorus had ceased, the bride fell upon the bosom of ner noyai mother, ana tor a snort time parent and child embraced and kissed each other with all the ardor of maternal love and filial affection. The bridegroom meanwhile advanced to his mother, and saluted her in the .most affectionate manner. Bride, and bridegroom then exchanged their first'kiss, of married life. The .bride crossed over to the ; father and mother of the bridegroom, and with them kisses were'exchanged. Prince Frederick embraced his father-in-law, the Prince Consort ;; then the King of the Belgians ; and received from herMajesty akiss which none . but those who have felt as -a mother feels when she has seen a much loved daughter enter upon so important a career can judge of its intensity' arid ardor. The Prince repeatedly embraced the father of his bride, . and twice the Prince . Consort clasped his son-in- law to his heart, who parted from him at length as he kissed his hand.' The Queen hur ried across to the Prince and' Princess of Prussia, and they, too, mutually em braced each other. Such - a demonstra tion bfhearty affection, we need hardly say, ?was regarded with intense emotion ; ' and on the cheek of many a lady there . glit tered a sympathetic tear, while down some manly faces the same expression of the , pent-up feelings of 'human nature coursed their silent and unbidden way. The sisters and brothers : of the bride pressed around her to take their child like farewell of their sister, while heralds and high officers of state marshalled the procession' which was to convey the newly married couple to the great world of the future which lay beyond them. ' . '? 1 The bride and bridegroom left the cha pel accompanied by the bridesmaids and ladies and gentlemen of their suites. The bride, as she went from the chapel, appeared to have recovered to. a great extent her natural self-possession. Bride and bridegroom seemed happy in each other, and gratified that the ceremony, painful and fatiguing as it must have .been, had been concluded ; and, if courtly: etiquette had not enforced its chilling regulations over the company, there was not one present who would not have' shouted the prayer which they silently offered up of,' God bless them !' . ; ? | The : procession of Her Majesty: then passed to the throne-room in the same order in which it entered the chapel, and again rc-assembled in that' chamber. Here in front of the massive throne oo which have sat in state so many of our 'Monarchs, a splendid table was set out, on which lay the register. -As the dignitaries of the Church returned to the throne-room this was attested in the usual form. : ' i 'An immense number of Illustrious and noble individuals had the honor of sign ing this document,' and we append' the' order arid arrangement in which the mem bers of the Royal families who did so affixed their signatures after those of the bride and bridegroom : — : 'VICTORIA. : .'.ALBERT, Prinoo Consort. ' 'PRINCE OF PRUSSIA. ? 'AUGUSTA, Princess of Prussia, DuchosB of Saxony. ' LEOPOLD. * ...'-. '.YICTORIA. ? 'ALBERT EDWAHD. 'ALFRED. 'ALICE. 'AUGUSTA. 'GEORGE. ' MARY ADELAIDE.' To each' person present wss delivered the marriage service, beautifully -printed in red and gold, and bound in white and gold. ? 