buckland. [prom our own correspondent.j j July 24th, 1858 "Sweet is revenge, especially to woman." \- Braou. Late on Thursday night, or early on Friday, morning last, a well known dig ger on this creek wa3 rather premature y awakened from a 60und sleep by spar ts of fire falling on his face, and on look ing up saw that the calico roof of his house was burning. The fire being promptly quenched, the cause of its ori gin was forthwith investigated. Outside the hut were found sundry articles of female attire, a couple of match boxes, and various scraps of poetry, the latter being apparently selected to prove that " the course of true love never did run smooth." Early next morning it was ascertained that a certain young lady had mi^eri ously disappsared du'ing the n>gh*> leaving not the shadow of a doubt .but she was the party by whose means the hut had beeu fired. Ww<> u-»c gunc to was what everyone asked, but none could answer. The news spread upaad down the creek with electric celerity. Groups of miners quickly assembled, whose | lengthened faces bore ample proof that fears of the worst kind were not only I entertained, but expressed as to the fate to which the poor girl had evidently ' doom herself, after failing in the in | sane-like action of burning down the hut of her reputed lover. That 9he had made away with herself no one doubted for fm instant, but how or where. What j were the most likely means ? the rope or the river. The opinion quickly be came prevalent, that the latter had been resorted to as the means of finel exit. Drags and poles were in immediate re quisition, and not a few of the gentler sex were affected with an extra flow of moisture to the eyes. Intelligence was sent to the Camp, and the police has tened to the aid of the volunteer party who were already busily engaged in searching the river. Every suspicious looking place was eagerly scanned. One of the party acting with more zeal -than caution got rather beyond his depth in a place where the soft clay yielded to the foot, but all the efforts which the poor fellow made to extricate himself were unavailing, had it not been for the timely aid of avigorous'arm which came to the rescue, the angry stream would have made short woik of its powerless victim. After hours of fruitless search the river •was abandoned; attention was then di rected to other likely places, where a single step would at once terminate life's career in one of those yauning pits which are always found upon every gold field. Old tunnels and drives were anxiously expi red. Inquiring poles were poked into every suspicious looking hole, but the vexed bottom only ;l!» wiUpiy UUUlco« rurtiftf glances were directed towards two trees whose pendant limbs offered easy access for convenient suspension, but all to no purpose. Night approached, and still not the slightest trace of the lost one could be discovered, and all the dark doubts of the morning were fcy this time converted into still darker certain ties. Some of our matrimonial ladies were that night almost afraid to close their eyes, fcr fear that they might be awak ened by the troubled ghost of thejself doomed object of unrequited love. It iB even asserted that our local Adonis, whose facinations bad bewitched the wits of the poor unfortunate girl, dared not sleep in bis own hut, being afraid that her ghost, if dead, would haunt him in his retreat, or if she was still in the body she might perchance pay him a second nocturnal visit, and instead of an attempt at fire raising she might ap proach by stealth with axe in hand and make short work with them. Two of his mates who were sleeping in an adjoining room feund but little rest as strange visions of doomed ladies were constantly flitting before their dreamy imagination whenever they closed their eyes. Some way about,midnight one of them got up for the purpose of pok ing up the fire, and at the same time re freshing himself with a regale of bread and cheese—how the vulgar does mix with the ideal. Munching away at his repast, while " chewing the cud of sweet and bitter fancy}" he heard, or thought he lizard, a low wailing voice pronounce the word P—e—tre—A. The masticating jaws relaxed to the widest extension, and the poor fellow stood listening in horrified silence; again the same moonful voice uttered slowly P—e—t--e—r. A suspense now be came reality. "Did you hear that Tom" he enquired with heartless suspense, "y—e—&" replied Tom,in a voice whose tones testified that he was as much scared as his mate. Peter, who is na turally a shrewd fellow, began to think that'it might really be the^poor girl still alive after all; he hastily darned his nei ther garment, being naturally a modest man,he would not willingly outrage the feelings of a ghost, and far less shock the feelings of a joung lady. Having equiped himself he went round by the back of the hut and found the poor girl sitting upon a log all but perished with exposure of twenty-four hours to the cold chilling wind and incessant rain, bare-headed and bare-footed, there she sat, cold and shivering, the slight dress which she wore being completely I saturated with the wet. She was then removed to a neighbonring hut,where by the aid of a good fire and a change of dress, she recovered so far as enabled I her to reach home about two o'clock in . the morning. With care and kind j treatment sha is again able to be about> and it is to be hoped that she is now completely cured for all time to come of any design of committing either arson or suicide. 