HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT. (From Saturday's Maitland Mercury.). . , R-oiSTitAU OffiCE AT MonrBTH,-A full bench of Magistrates yesterday assembled at the Court-house, to consider an application which had been made by the Morpeth Improvement Committee, for the establishment of a District Registrars Office in that town, A letter from the Registrar-General had been received asking advice, A majority, of the Bench decided against the establishment of a branch at Morpeth. ALLEGED FORGERY On Thursday; John White appeared before the Bench on remand, under the charge of having tendered a forged cheque atDr.M'Oartney's. A letter received from Mr White, of Muswellbrook, was read. It stated that the writer had no knowledge of John White (the name signed on the cheque that the cheque in question was not drawn by his brother or himself is, that he had no account at the Union Bank (the bank on which the cheque, was drawn and that he had no such station as Glengarry (the address attached to the cheque). The chief constable produced as evidence a cheque signed Frank White, and drawn on the Union Bank! ; but the Bench, deciding that this should form a separate case, remanded the prisoner for eight days to obtain evidence from Mr. White.-The second case was then gone into. The chief constable stated that the cheque produced, drawn by Frank White on the Union Bank, in favour; of George Smith, for £10, was handed to him by Mr. Clifford, of the firm of Cohen and Co. Mr. Clifford had received it on the 5th January, as part of a remittance, from Mr. Hoath, of Singleton. It was sent to the bank, and returned with the mark, "No account," George Heath stated that he received this cheque from the prisoner on the 3rd January, in payment for goods to the amount of £2, giving £8 change. He knew there was a Mr. Frank White, but did not know his signature. The prisoner said he had been splitting for Mr. White, and had received the cheque in payment ; he also said that Mr. White was one of three brothers. The cheque was remitted to Messrs. Cohen and Co., and returned as a bad one it was then sent down to the police. The prisoner was remanded for eight days. I VENO AND LAUHISTINA.-Our readers are aware that Mr. Yeomans, as agent for Mr. Rose, proceeded to Sydney for the purpose of coming to some terms with Mr. Atkinson relative to the champion match. We have, now the satisfaction, to announce that an arrange' \----for ment has been made, and that' Lanrisiina will meet the Champion on his own ground, at Homebush, on the afternoon of the 8th day of May next. The match. has been made for £1000 a-side £600 of which has been deposited in the hands of Mr. Burt and Mr.. O'Brien, the stakeholders, by each party. The last deposit of £500 each is to be made on the 5th May next. The distance is to be two miles, one event, over the usual two mile course at Homebush, and carrying weight for age. In the event of Veno winning, Mr. Atkinson has agreed to give Mr. Rose £100 for expenses. This contest will without doubt be looked forward to with great interest, and create much specula- tion in sporting circles. Whichever wins the Hunter River district can still claim the palm for rearing the champion of the colonies. THE WOLLOMBI GHOST. Not a little interest has been excited by the story of the ghost at Quarribilong, which appeared some time ago in our columns, and not a few inquiries have been made as to the result of the search that it was understood was to be made. We can only say that the affair is still enveloped in mystery. Fifteen men were engaged for some time in digging into the bed of the dry creek pointed out by the ghost as the spot where the remains of its corporeal tenement lay hid. But as, although in ordinary seasons, the bed of this creek is dry, there is now a current of water finding a passage below the surface a result of the rains of last year-the search could not be carried out as far as was wished. The interest connected with the tale is maintained, however, by the fact that a bone was found; but doubts were expressed as to whether it was not the bone of a bullock, instead of a part of the remains of a human subject. We hear that the bone was to be subjected to the examination of a medical man, and that the search will be renewed at an early period. NEW BANK AT NEWCASTLE The foundation stone of a new building intended to be used as a bank by the Australasian Banking Company, was laid at Newcastle on Wednesday evening last. The stone was laid by Mr. W. Hislop, the company's manager in Maitland ; the current coins of the realm being deposited beneath it. The building when completed is estimated to cost between £5000 and £6000. < ' 