GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. MïstEnioys. AFFAIB.-A ^child of between three or four'years old has been inissi/ig for some time at Kangaroo Point, and no clue whatever has been found as to the whereabouts of the un- fortunate little one. It, appears that the parents of the child have separated, and that the boy was living with a blacksmith in Mr. Bitfield's employ of the name of Hammond, who was the boy's uncle,, The father is a person named Tyler, in the,,employ of the Huon Steam Com- pany, The uncle will have it,that the child had been stolen, but for what object, this could be done, no one surmises. Last Friday week, about it o'clock, the child was seen close to a fence surrounding the house of Mr. Melmer Nicholls. He had on a Glengarry cap, tueriuo dress, and large shoes. The Blacksmith^ shop where the nn'cte worked, was mid-way between the beach and a large hole of' water near tbe stone-quarry. The besah is rather precipitous at this spot, having been made so by the cartage of stone, and several . carts were emploi ed on the afternoon of the IOBS at this locality. The constabulary might have been more active'in their exertions, but as the local magistracy have in these days of routine no power over these paid serrants, it could not be expected thal they would take much trouble in ibe matter. As soon as the loss of tho child was reported to Mr. Weale, Sub- Inspector, he lost no time ¡ii urging every enquiry, and trying means to dlsjover the body, but as yet to no purpose. The banks of the river and the waler uear the wharf where the Venus is moored have been searched ni hout any success. The large hole of water at the rjuariy, where many think the child ? fell in, Imsjbeen dragged, but it is impossible to do so with effect as ihe bottom* is uneven, and fornxd of'large sloneS. t Small cannons have been Aro loft'to cause the concussion to float tho body, if it is in j tho pond,-but if it is caught in the stones in I any way, it, of course,'cannot move. It would cost about £fi or £10, to empty the wnter. It should have been emptied by Mr. Pitfield'! Californian pump,-it is not too late now ¡toi do it. The print of the child's foot WAS seen near the pond on the afternoon of Friday, the day it was missing, the shoe ,benip; a remarkably large one, for a boy so yemifr. T he only surmise that the child is not in the pond, is that ' possibly the Glengarry cap would have floated if tho child's held had struck the water ntthosiile.hut not so if the he-id went down striigllt. The parent of the child has offored a reward for its discorory, and tho inhibitants ara equally desi- rous of tracing tho ciusd of its disappoarmca. 'A like sid event nearly occutrr-d at lloKby, a few da)s previously, showing how fohd clulihcn aro of playlni near witei-holej. Mr. Waro's child was missing, and tho parents n cut to the water in the garden, whei o it was found \v ítli the head down and the clothes infl ited on the surface. Every appear inca evincol the child was dead-it ceased to breathe and its UttU hands were clenched,-but owing to tho prai c worthy exertions of a n ighbor-Mr. Orion he lost no time in using extreme friction on the body, mid, after a wl ila, hy great personal ex eition, to restore vitality, vvi ie.li, to every ap- pearance, wau gone. All honor to the humane exertions of Mr. Green. Since the nhoVo vwis Written tho child Tyler has beorí found. . . FonOKO FIVE POUNO NOTES.-We have to camion the tradesmen of the City against re- ceiving forged Fite Pound Notes purporting to be of the Union Bank of Melbourne. The notes are well exeouted, and calculated to deceive even cautious persons. Mr. McLaien of the Di. change Tavern, was offered one vesterdny morn- ing in paj ment for a bottle of rum by a woman whom he well knew by siuht. Not having change in the house, he sent the customer to Mr Hutton, who changed the note, and the woman paid for the rum, and ' took it away. Shortly afterwards Mr. M'Laren waa informed it was a forgery, and sending for Detective Vickers," the utterer was given into custody, and will be brought before the Police Bench to-day. There are several of these notes, we understand, in cir- culation. HOBART Town THIEVES.-There is no "flash mob" properly so called in Hobart Town, and for a very good reason, because, as is obvious, it would be impossible to organise one to act, as its members act in London. There is, however, a " mob" of thieves in this city, not, indeed, acting largely in concert, but in gangs of two, three, or more, and consisting of low ruffians, whose object is plunder, come how it may. The events of the last week have shown something of the system pursued by these men, and seem to discard the practice of planning robberies on the spur of the moment, or by the connivance of servants, or of others acquainted with the circumstances and localities of the persons to be plundered. As regards the Mount Nelson robbery, it would appear that a gang of ruffians banded together, and having armed themselves , proceeded on a foray, the victims of which were not probably selected in the first instance, proceeded, in fact, to " run a-muck" through the hills in the direction to Brown's River, and having obtained a good booty, at Mount Nelson, they returned to Hobart Town to dispose of it, most likely with a view to new adventure. Fortunately, how ever, the police cut short their career, and so far the depredations of these men have for the pre sent terminated. The burglaries and house breakings in and near the city are generally perpetrated either from a previous knowledge of the premises, however acquired, or from the carelessness of the residents, and are usually of a petty description compared with the large rob beries committed in England, but not the less criminal on that account, nor the less injurious to the parties victimized, 'lhere is, however, a safeguard against this evil in the exertions of the police, to whom are known not only all the bad characters in Hobart Town, but their ac- customed haunts and places of resort, and if the reader will refer to the Police Reports he will find some houses and localities especially favored by their patronage. Thus by a description of the robber, burglar, or thief, the experienced detective will know his "whereabouts,'' and by skillful maneouvring, and the assistance of his coadjutors the criminal will, in all probability, " fall into the hands of justice." The speedy apprehension of the Mount Nelson robbers, and others nearly at the same time, may be adduced in corroberation of our opinion, and while our police are thus active it is to be hoped that rob- beries and outrages will be less frequent, and that when they do occur, their perpetrators will be quickly apprehended. INSOLVENT COURT.-The following cases are set down for hearing before the~Commissioner this day :-William Porter adjourned first meeting and meeting for discharge ; W. J". Itatuurn adjourned first meeting and adjourned meeting for discharge ; Uriah Martin first general meeting; W. Costain first meeting; H. Mooney adjourned ural general meeting nnd meeting for disoliarge j James Sayers, first meeting ;, John Careless the same ; W. H. Price adjourned flrsjt meeting; II. Fox adjourned first'meeting and ' meetingfor discharge} Alex] Begg first mesting'; W. II. Thompson adjourned first meeting and metliag i tor?, diaiharge,; francis Cox firft .meeting; W.Moore the same; W. Bbepbeiä ¡JWOT ttpiUtU j ' nüí.'mfi &miie; * l/firat gênera) meeÇnganù* meeting >r discharge Jame» Hair.flrft meeting; WUliam Salmes the same. T ,, , ,, ,. , r /?>. The FAR NORTH.-A correspondent in the far north has sent us the following, under date of August 21 :—"In perusing your account of Mr. Gregory's journey down the Victoria and Cooper's Creek, it appears to me probable that the unfortunate Leichardt and his party made their way westward. Any clue, however remote, as to their fate cannot fail to be of deep and painful interest. Natives who have visited this side of Lake Torrens from the far north-west describe seeing animals which are neither cattle nor horses, and it has occurred to me that they may possibly be some of the mules which poor Leichardt took with him. A private expedition headed by Mr. J.. M. Stuart (draftsman to Captain Sturt's party), has been out in this direction for the past two months and is accom- panied by a native of the country who speaks of these animals. We are in hopes of soon having some tidings of this party, who will pro- bably give us some further account. The new race of aboriginals without hair on their heads are also reported to exist in this direction." South Australian Register Sept. 3, LOST AND FOUND.-Considerable alarm was experienced up to yesterday at noon by the family of au innkeeper on the New Norfolk road at his disappearance since Saturday. He was last seen changing a pound note on Saturday night at the New Town toll bar, and no tidings of the inisdiig honifuco could be obtained high or low. The ulai m Increasing it was propasad to print hand bills offering a reward for his re- covery * dead or alive," but a ropre priident filend advised n previous application at the Police Office. This was acooi dingly made, when Mr. Superintendent Hamilton piocceded forth- with to tho neighbourhood of the supposed calamity, mid after a diligent search he found the object of nll^thiä anxiety comfortably en- joying himself, and apparently utterly uncon-' «nona of the terror and alarm which his 'long absent had crentid. ' THE DOO NUIS iveE Is again on the increase and several accidents have recently occurred from the attacks of uncontrolled dogs. These vicious animal«, although in many instances not pir.mlted lo be at liigj in the stioets.are never- theless alloiveajhfull liberty to rush out of their respective yards, and bark aud bite, at tho mi suspecting passer-by, a far moio insidious mode of a'tack than the open warfare in tho street. There is another evil attached to this nuisance, which is by no ineaus trivial. We allude to the quarrels aud heartburning winch aio gene- rated through tho annoyances of these curs ; .'Love me, love my dog" is an old and signifi- cant adage, but it is frequently mis-applied in the caaes to which wo have referred, and we must think that if tho owners of dogs, be they great or emull, valuable or worthless, do not take sufficient care of them to prevent annoy inco and injury to the public, the soonci they ara put out of the way the better. «at* W« have been requested by W A Guesdon & Co to direct attention to the Buln of a vailetv of modem and household furniture nudettôaUi, likewise an assortment of elegant and superior pimnoforte« in rosewood, satin wood, 7Lbra woo4, mahogiuy ami walnut woods l>> first rato London makci *, which t ikes pliico in tho gallery and upper back- stores of tlteir Mart, Collins str<-ot till« day, Wtdnosdnv, 15th inst., commencing at 11 o dock [îiocisaly, full par ¡eula» of willoh will be iuiuul.Incur advertising colulnps If Scunovea MIEOHA-We have boen requested by W A Gue»di>n A, Co to direct attention to die sale of tluit remiu kubly imndt and substantially bui't coppered aud copper tostolicd cctiooner Adeonn IIS tons regster, but capable of aurjlu? ISO tons with all her anchors, challis, boula sails BtandUig and running tlgmng, and othoi fiiiiiituie, lu vvhieli she is well found, which takes place thUday, Weldesday, lotlUnst, at IS o clock A , list of stoics, and every iuforinatloii, can bo obtained at Die ofiico of the auctioneers. «J- Cnoss Valisa Sitp.-Messrs lircnt and West biooks siiloot stock will br held this day nt 13 o'clock tho entilo horse Donald Caird will also bo sold. -+ A DREAM or DEATH FULFILLED BY FEAR-A farmer's wife1 toldJ mo that her father was taken ill about Christmas time. Oiij night he dreamed, or, as he said, "he awoke and saw" two men fighting together at the foot of his bed, one of wnum told him that he would die on the ensuing l*Uh of March. In the morning he related this to his family, nnd both he and they made light of it. He, slioitly after thi«, recovered, and when the 13th of March carne, he was, apparently, in 'very good health. On the evening of that day be referred to Ins di earn, and obseivetl, " I have done the ghoa.t I'fV'Don't be too bure of that" said a foolish old woman who was presant ; " it's the New Style now, and ghosts don't' know anything about it. They always KO to the Old Style ;" and this village oiacle told bim (hit it would not really be the 13th of March (by the ghost's calen Jin) for, if I remember rigblly, twelve diys to come. The far- mer hid tins to lici ti, took to his bed, and died on tho tleiy day ptedicted by the old woman, who, notwithstanding that he ascribed the calamity to the ghostly warning, would hare met her deserts by a suromaiy conviction for manslaughter.-Notes and Queries. 