extraordinary cast? We find in the Times of the 15th of JVne the following very remarkable - a-e, ■which was heard in the CourS for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, cn the previous cay, before the Lord Chief Justice Cockburn. the Judge Ordinary, aud ?Jr. Jus.ice Whit man. We may say that such a case is al most unpreccdeuts'j in the anusls of English jurisprudence : — ROBINSON V. ROBINSON /.SD LANE. This was a petition for a dissolution of marriage presented by Mr Robinson, a civil engineer, r.gair.st his wife, oil the ground of adultery. The respondeat,Edward W. Lane, is the propriet r of the hydropathic establish ment at Moorpark. Mr. M. Chambers, Q C. Dr. Adams, Q.C. and Mr Kar-l - ke, appeared for the petitioner Mr Forsyth, Q.C., Dr. Philimore, Q C , aud Mr. Coleridge, for tho respondents. Mr. .M. Chambers Eriid, in his c'ening ad dress, that tho evidence was of a very extra ordinary character, and conclusive as against j the wife ; but he was bound to confess that he entertianed some doubt whether their Lordships would consider it sufficient as agaifcst Dr. Lane. Vhe marriage took place J in Fehuiiry 3844, Mrs Robinson being then a widow, and possessed of be'.weeu £t^0 an! £50) a yeBr, which was settled upon her to her separate use. They resided after their marriage at Blackheath. Ediaborough, Boulogne, and Reading. Dur ing their residence at Edinbor ^ugh in 1850, they became acquainted with Mr. Lane, who was then studying for the law. He after wards married a daughter of Lady Drysdale, and set up a hydropathic establishment at Moor-park,well known asSieWilliam Temnie's residence. Mr and Mrs Robinson in 1854, were living at Reading, and their acquaint ance with Dr. Lane w;>s renewed. Mrs Rob ins'n Thited Moorpark from time to time, but her husbsad had no idea that hi3 wile was uncba3te. In 1857, however, during an illness of Mrs Ribinson. he made a discovery which opened his pye>'. He discovered a diary written by his wife, containing an extraordinary narrative of her impure con duct. Mr Forsyth said he should object, on be half of Dr. Lane, against this diary being given in ..videncp. Their Lordships, however, overruled the objection and Mr M. Chambers proceeded: The diary contained the names of two young m.'-n whom Mrs Hobinson had apparently endeavoured to corrupt, but ho would not mentionjjthem as there was nothing to sho w that she had suc ceeded. (The diary is in three volu nes of considerable size, and extends from Novem ber 1850, to November 1855.) Various ex- , tracts were read respecting the first introduc tion of Mrs Robinson to Mr. T.aae, in which , she spoke of him iu terms of great adraira- , tioo. In wther places she referred to some 1 lines which she had written under the title of i Spirit Discord,' and to the ' preponde-- ] ance of amativeness" in her character. But ] ihe passages upon which the chief reliance i were placed were written at the period when ] she was on a visit to Moor-park, in 18 J4, and ^ were as follows :•— i "Oct, 7, Sunday.—Fine sunny, warm, genial day, almost like the former month. Dr. Lane asked me to walk with him. but I thought he meant only politeness j and I £ went to the nursery and staid with my little 1 pets more than an hour He met me than* { at last, reproached me for not coming, and t bade me come away. I still lingered, but at » last joined him, and he led me away and slont.- * to our private haunts, taking a wider ran-e and a more deluded paUi. ~ At last I asked ^ to rest, and we sa*- en a plaid and read Athe- f n&urtis;, chatting meanwhile There was some- a thing unusuil in his manner, something sof .er v than usual in his tone and eye, but I knnw not what it proceeded from, and chatted ] gaily, leading the conversation—talking of c Goethe, woman's dre.-s, and on what was be- € coming and suitable. We walked on, 3nd t again seated ourselves in a glade tf the'm st , surprising beauty. The sun shone wariniy | down upon us, the fern yellow and brown, ] was stretched away beneath us, fine oil trees t in groups adorned the near ground, and far away gleamed the blue hills. I g*Ve my-e't » up to enjoyment. I leaned back agaiuat [ some firm, dry, heather pushes, and laughod t and remarked as I rarely did in that presence ■, Alt at once, just as I was joking my compan- i ion on his want ol memory, be leaned over » me and exclaimed, • If you say that again I ] will kiss you.' You may believe I made no c : opposition, for bad I not "dreamed of him av.d ( \ of this full many a time before ? What fo1- , lowed I hardly remember— passionate kisses, I whispered words, confessions of the pss". 3 Oh, God ! I never hoped to see this hour or , i;. to have any part of my ]ov;' returned. Y"-t ' :■ so it was. He was nervous and confused, and j 5 eager as myself. At k-st we raised ourselves, 1 'i and went on happy, fearful, almost silent. . We sauntered, not heeding where, to a grove ' of pines, at;d there looked over another view ; :i beautiful eb that on this sidej but wilder. < t ia decending we had seen the Browns, and j now thought it necessary slowly to join them. ] : They had observed nothing. We were Bafe ^ Constraining ourselves to converse we sue- \ i ceeded in disarming all suspicion . aud reach- ( ed the house together, hut late for dinner. ] I was flushed and excited on going down, and ( neither I nor Dr L fairly met one another's eyes or spoke during dinner Mrs S . who aat by and talked to me, (much to my j :: relief), had to go to the rail, and the carriage \ came and I went with Dr and Mrs Lane and the children. We were a little crowded in going, but a sense of hidden satisfaction and . 1 happiness was glowiug at my heart. We chatted in returning, but of indifferent mat ' ttiB, and dear little innocent Mrs L— sab behind with her fine baby aslesp and laid un der hor cloak. It was a pretty drive through Farnham, by the Bishop's place. I was afterwards with her and Doatie in the stable yard some time, and lost sight ot every one but the child ; nei her in the house could I find any one. His nurse was out and he ran about my room tiil dusk. I then lay down and dosed, quite overpowered with remembranes and old memories, at last I had a light and dressed for tea, and looked well in pale blue \- silk. I met his glance as I came (at the sound of the gong) to ihe dining ra>m, and I knew that I was watched. Some time passed in a desultory man er. I walked with Alfred in the hall, unwilling to go uptsairs unless I might see him no more alone. At last Lady D herself wished me to into the library j Mr Lane came down but kindly did not pre:s me to go up. At last he came from the ; stable cold, shivering, nervous, ill Alfred went up tohear a ghost story from Mi- s B and we drew near the fire. How the evening past I know not. Ic was fall of passionate : excitement, long and clinging kisse3, and '."j nervous sensations, not unaccompanied with Vi; dread of intrusion. Yet bliss predominated. He was particularly gentle soothing my agit ation, and neves for an instant forgetting the gentleman and the kindly ftiend Alfred came to him to go to his son, and he reluct • antly went, but came back and softly kissed my closed eyes. I tried to rai?e my drooping head, but inviin ; and at last, in absolute dread of any one breaking in, he advised me to go, I smoothed my tumbled hair.and in a few minutes found myself in the drawing room, at half-past nine. Fortunately only a few of the guea'.s were there. No one had a right to question my absence or appearance. At last after occupying myself with a book of autographs, and chatting with Mrs S , Dr and Mrs L came into the room together, and soon after Lady D . What an escape I bad had 1 "What a calm appearance I could now make ! General conversation followed. I turned to listen, and Dr Lane repeated t > Miss P some of the finest odes of Byr n When she went I rose too, and was gliaiug away, when Dr. L gave me a v.;irm Bhake—so warm that it crushed my fingers with the rinir-, so that 1 felt it for an hour. Alas I slept litile that ni?ht, walking, rising, longing, dreaming—an:l s'owly came the morn. ■'Oct 8. * * *' At last Mrs Lane c.rri- M -t Dr. Lano once, but I hardly staye.i ii. ;tr iuy door to hear him remark th;;t he hoped hid business would finish shortly. He wrote a long letter to iir. , of Edinburgh, who wished to enrae - and live with for a while. It was u nicely written letter. I lay down wearied, ex hausted, nervous. He tapped at half-past and _ bade me £ corns down and walk ; but I refuged an 3 continued to dose on. Mrs. Lane fame in when I dressed and slowly w„nt out to hrn | joined me at the fnofc of the stairs ar;r! we , sauntered out together, walking ^11 round ;ho » grounds and by the water, yet spying litt e I r,i one another, but both were weary and fasbre, I named my not having flept: he Maid he was in pain, and coukl h r'lly g?t on ;ifc all. But both agitated, confused, and nervous, aud I asked him how it was he acted as he did on Sunday. Afc 'ast I pro posed leaving the grounds (as the air wai hot, , and moist) nnd getting a breeze on the hU!. ' vVe climbed it slowly, and rested nmnng th" dry fern, I shall not say what followed. He rose more composed and cheerful, ;-nd we went home quickly, fearing its being too late. Tne dinner w-,s cheerful enough, and I talked ail I could to Lady D— for there were few persons present, and turned from him, leaving him to talk to After dinner, and a visit to Dr. . we had a nice long ride to Waver ley, Miss B—sbothb. hind. I congratulated him on baing better, 1 and said that his voice on the stairs showed that he was so. "Oct. 10- * * Ms Lane came out, and walked about the grounds with me, : awhile talked to Miss — —, and finally joined Alfred and me near the bounding lenco, and soon set out for the wood, taking the usual circuit, wa'kiug through the outer pine woods and finally returning by Swift's cottage, and lower walk, Wa talked with • the utmost confidence, but somewhat more calmly. I entreated him to believe that since my mar riage I had never before in the smallest de cree transgressed. He consoled me for what I had done, and conjured me to forgive my self. He said he had always liked mo,and had thought with pity of my being thrown away, asrny husband was evidently unsuited to me, and was, as he could see plainly, violent tem pered and unamiable. Then we spoke of his early age, thirty-one, the eweet unsuspicious character of his wife, rather than pain whom he would cut off his right hand." The nest extract referred to a drive in a fly from Moarpark to the Ash Railway sta tion j"— "We drove off, Alfred soon taking his place on the box, I never spent so biessod an hour as the one that followed, full of such bliss that I could willingly have di-d not to wake out of it again. All former times were a dyer tad to and explained. He had not re frained on past occasions from a display of bis true feelings without much pain and prudential motives, I reminded him of my lines from Paul and Virginia, and owned they were addressed to him. I shall not, re late all that passed: suffice it to say that I leaned back at last in those arms I had so often dreamed of, and kissed the curls and smooth face, so radiant v.ith beauty, that hud dazzled my outward and in ward vision since lha first interview, November 15, 1850. He bad always known she liked him, but not bhe full extent of the feeling, and owhed ir had never been indelicately expressed. This relieved me. Heaven itself could not be ' nore blessed than those moments. While ^ iife itself shall endure, their remembrance ' ivill not pass away from a memory charged * with much suffering and little bliss. * "Oct. 14. * * The doctor, after talk king some little while, appeared to return to his former kind feeling for me, caressed me, md tempted me, and finally, after some de ay. we adjourned id the next room and spent i quarter of an hour in blissful excitement. I l jecame nearly helpless with the effects of his ^ )resenca, could hardly let him depart, wept I vhen he bade me try to obviate consequences, md finally bade him a passionate farewell. I vas alone. Passion-wasted and sorrowful, c deep was far from me : that night I tossed, I md dreamed and burned till morning, too g veary and weak to rise." ' Mr M. Chambers, in conclusion, said that c tlr Robinson had obtained a divorce a mens a s t thoro, in the Ecclesiastical Court, upon thi* £ ividence: but it was now he believed, in- p ended to be urged on the other side that all ,vas described my Mrs Robin son was mere lallucination, and had no foundation in fact .t would, therefore, be corroborated by other estimony. Mr James Jay, brother-in-law of the pe itioner, was then called, and proved that the narriage took place at Hereford inFeb uary, 1844. Mrs Robinson was a widow e yith one child, Alfred. They lived at Black- n leatli for several years, and always appeared t ;o be on good terms. The petitioner was a tind and affectionate husband. These iiaries (produced) were in the haud-w?iting >f Mrs Robinson. She appeared to be now ibout fifty yea-s of age. i * Mr J -rnes Robinson, the father of the I i jeiiiioner. also proved that they lived upon jood terms. Elizi Power, a nurse in Mr Robinson's t 'amily for eight years, stated that, while they t iv ere afc Edinburgh, about the end of 1850, 1 md frequently met them in society. She * svent on a visit to Dr and Mrs Lane, nt Moor Park, in October 1854. Mr3 Robinson came -.here on a visii., and stayed about three da> s in that month. Dr. Lar,e and Mrs Rolinson tiad been intimate from the time she knew bhem, but she did not notice that they were then more intimate then on former occasions. ' Dne Sunday afternoon, pretty late, she and < her sister met Dr. Lane and Mrs Robinson < joining from the Moors. The ground in the 1 neighbourir od of Moor Park was thinly i wooded. They approached and spoke to them. She remembered telling a ghost story to a child of Mrs Robinson on that evening. When Mrs Robinson left she went in a car riage at night, and Dr Lane went with her to the station. 1J Crass-examined : Dr Lane kept a hydro pathic estr.'j'.Kntnerit, and paid grfat atten tion to ail the ladies under his care. It never occurred to her that there was any improper attachment between the doctor and Mrs Robi::son. She could remember that there were seven 1'.dies there, some married, some single. Dr Lane was in the habit of walking out with different ladits in the grounds There were a great many trees near the house. The moorlands were about a mile from the lis use. The child Alfred was proba bly with Li-'3 Robinson when she went to the station. A grooir., named Warren, who had lived with Mr itobinson in 1851, and afterwards with Dr Lane, described the grounds ia the neighbourhood of Moor park, in order to identify tho places mentioned in the diary Master Alfred generally accompanied Mrs Rsbins ju and her viei:s to Moor park. He had seen Mrs Robinson and Dr Lane walking together in the park. He had also seen them in a sumtnerhonse, he sitting with his arm round liar waist. He iiad also seen them more tli .n once alorie on the island in which the svni aerhouse is situated C) o -examined: He left Dr Lane's service beer.-;-a he did not like it. He had com plained to Mr liobinson that the place was hard. Some time after leaving Dr Lane he obtained a place through the recommendation of Mr Robinson He had spoken to the but'ur at Moor park about what Mr Robinson and Mr Field has said to him, but he did not B'iy that he had never seen Dr Lane with his alr.i round Mrs Robinson's neck. Two other servants proved that Dr Lane :;;ared tt pay Mrs Robinson great atten • bat said that not noticed any improper familiarities. One of them added that Mrs '^aue was a very handsome and "fascinating" person. The Court adjourned before the conclusion of the petitioner's case, 