Itiir. SAILT XBBTJ-B. THURSDAY, 30TH SEPTEMBER, 1858. THE MINING BOARD AND SURVEY SYSTEM. rr-w .on»!..»:»»» »Jn^ici ty i/Uc re* ! cently much abused meeting at the North Grant Hotel, touching min ing matters, can scarcely be said to have much charm of novelty about them. They are the ut terance of opinions long held by a greater or lesser number of the inhabitants of the district. In some of those opinions nearly everybody, not excepting the members of the Mining Board, will agree j and every sentiment expressed in those resolu tions, has not a few endorsers among the miners of Ballarat. From all this we infer that the opinions in question are more deserving of discussion than of misconstruction or pointless ridi cule. We intend to pass them in cur sory review at all events, in hope that whatever of good is in them, they may not be altogether lost, and believing that their further consideration will amply repay the trouble. The first resolution states that the Mining Board has failed to obtain the confidence of the rumers, and that its assumption of administrative powers is prejudicial to the mining interests. This was the resolution which the members of the Mining Board ac cepted as a casus helli, ana there is no doubt at all that it was, and is the wickedest of all the wicked utterances at the North Grant meeting. This resolution it was, which aroused the latent patriotism of the Board, and resulted in the despatch of a faithful veteran detachment to crush the inci pient rebellion ere it reached more formidable dimensions. Some people would say that modesty and good taste would have led the members of the Board to keep in the back ground, and to have let that public, which the resolution appealed to, come forward to assert its confidence in the Board. Modesty and good taste, however, do not very much encumber our Mining Board. Its members assume to be the arbiters of the sentiments of the public. They act as if they had all their old Local Court instincts and prerogatives about them. They vir tually say that they have taken seizin of the goodly mining public of Balls rat, and claim a sort of paternal domination over the " incorporeal hereditaments thereof, " to wit the sentiments and expression of sentiments of said public. That veteran of veterans, Alfred Ar thur O'Connor, though about to give up the ghost as a local politician, was foremost in the little band of Mining Board defenders. " Barkis is willin'," albeit nearing the period of his connection with the Board, and he goes forth to vindicate, with three others, the maligned virtues and rights of his order. But does all this prove that the Board has the confi dence of the public, or that its virtual assumption of executive functions is favorable to the interests of the public 7 Of course not. But it does prove that the old passion is still a ruling one with the Board. We do not say the Board is not, naturally enough and justifiably enough, anxious not only to have the confidence of the miners, but to have it distinctly un derstood that it has that confidence ; but we do say that it offends against good taste and common sense when il goes swaggering about to declare ti the public that they have no business to hint at, much less to attempt, th« withdrawal of that confidence, or be lieve in the veracity of those who treasonably inclined, dare to affira their want of confidence in the Board It is A matter of fact that the Board has not the confidence of all thc miners, and that its regulations arc as obscure and as much ridiculed at ever. Even the chairman of the old Local Court, and the be-lauded of thc new Board, has within the last fen days, and in the presence of a membei of the Board, judicially declared that after a long essay to understand the regulations and mak,e them workably :-?--??-; -T~Z 7^~\ consisten!» ba is irow j^ as ever from a satisfactory onderjBian<l ingV This is otbfir trae Of^l^6' But; if Brae, what mostfln ^^mOTeesioas of ¡all those miners, ofleqaal intalu geàce with Mr Daly, respecting the valne of tito Board and-its daims, to confidence Î Then, if-ve pass on notice the dispntes as to the legality of some of the- byerlaws, and the legi timacy of the acts of the.Board in connection therewith, the claims of the Board to the confidence of the public become still more open to . con troversy. In spite of the many faults of the Act, it is plain that the func tions of tile Board are only legal so far as they ara purely legislative. If, however, the section of the Act which defines the powers of the Board in respect of bye-laws, be so interpreted as to authorise the assumption of executive powers, and the transforma tion of the "Wardens of the Gold Fields" into mere agents of the Board, what limit can be put to the elasticity of interpretation, and what would become of the responsibility of the Warden, or his status under the Act ? Either the " recommendations" of the Board are legal or illegal, either com pulsory or not compulsory. But whatever may be the opinion on these points, it is plain that the Board, as at present acting, has not realised the idea of a purely legislative body. Let anybody who wants to be enlightened upon this matter attend the meetings ot the Board when " applications" are being entertained, and he will feel j that a Rip Van Winkle of the old Local Court era may wake up in such a scene, and find himself surrounded by all the old circumstances of old Local Court afternoon business. The lately dormant " Rip" might note a pleasant change from the old hovel to the snug carpeted room and luxu rious furniture of the Unicorn Hotel Board-room, and he might mark the absence of the jaunty and jocular chairman, but he would feel at home with old faces and old forms of appli cation, dispute, and decision, as " ex tended areas" were flung off right and left by the executive powers of this Soi- disant legislativ» hiruly- Indood, the sleepy "Rip" would lately have easily made an affidavit that instead of having had a nap of some fifteen or sixteen months' duration, he had only dozed a few seconds, and would have pointed to the Holyoakes, the Beaches and the O'Connors, in wordy dispute, in triumphant proof of his observa tion ; albeit he might remark that one of the disputants, though bland as ever in speech, had grown emulous of military display as a means of assert ing his rights or determining the equi ties of the dispute. The immortal somnolent would net perceive that the Board had lost any of their fondly cherished powers. Cap in hand, and with bated breath, the humble appli cants would be seen by him to present themselves to the magnates of the Board, and ask for leave to take up "extended areas," the automaton j " Warden of the Gold Fields" having the authority of the Board to do its j behests, and finding his way there some ¡ times " by chance," to explain his Îiosition to the Board. And if a ma ignant from a North Grant meeting were to tell the newly-awakened one that the Board was doing what it had no business to do, and what in principle may be inimical to the interests of the district, he would require to read up in local history during his hyberna tion before he would be able to com prehend the statutory changes of the interval. Thus closely do the present executive acts of the Board assimilate to the elder and now abrogated func tions of the defunct Local Court. Now the gist of the North Grant proposi tion is that this illogal resumption of old Local Court powers and functions is prejudicial to the interests of the dis trict, because capital is daily becoming more and more necessary to the development of our resources, and capitaliste do not like to be exposed to the whims, and fancies, and prejudices and failings, incident to a knot of in dividuals elected by the popular voice to discharge purely local and legisla tive duties. Capitalists, nay most of the working miners themselves too, we apprehend, would prefer going- to an executive officer of the Govern ment, whose independence of the po pular vote, and peculiar position, would leave bim less exposed to be swayed by private knowledge, private friends, personal interest, or election forecastings. To go more minutely into the mat ter would be simply to recapitulate complaints which should have had no application after the abolition of the ola Local Court. We will not en large, therefore, at present in this part 1 of the business ; and the other resolu tions adopted by the North Grant meeting, we must dispose of in anothei article. 