?MTHOBSTXANISOTJS. The MovMts and azobVDxm or thi Adsbibs. — A good deal of speculation is afloat at the clubs in reference to the mover and seoondrr of flje address in answer to Her Majesty s speech at the commencement of the next session of Parliament, It is genersllr thonght that, the address in the House of Lord* will bo moved by Viscount Evsrsley, the littt Speaker of the House of Commons, and that it will be seconded either by Lord Helper or Baron Wenslcydale: In the House of Commons it isv thought the address, will be moved by Lord Haddo, the eldest son of the Earl of Aberdeen, and seconded by Mr. Hanbury, member for Middlesex. '* Dxixa or _ TBS Pkhtoifii, op thb TJirz VKfiBiTT 07 Glasgow.— The Eev. Dr. Mac rarlan, Principal, of Glasgow 'Umreniity^nd minister of toe ffigU Church,' died on Wed neida/inoni«^aioTember.86ft, at his resi aenc« at the college. 'As our readere are iware, the Principal Aad for tha last three months' been confined to' his apartments, in uonsequenceof an aociden^ which lie sustained it Helensbunr. and bv which one of hislem was broken. Dr. Macfarlan was born on tho 27th September, 1771, and, consequently/had attained to the age of 86 years. For the last three weeks it was apparent that there was no hope of recovery, and the venerable gentleman, whilst retaining his faculties till about the close of life, gradually became weaker, til), a* above Btated, he expired on, Wednesday. He= held the office of Principal in oar University for the period of thirty-twoyears; and the in cumbency of the High Church for about thirty-one years. He was ordained a minister of the Church of Scotland when only 21 yean of age, and was then appointed assistant to bis father at Brymen. We believe the last time the rev. doctor preached oat of bis own pulpit was on the occasion of rth» funeral XJktman ot Dr. Muir, of St. Jmms's. His list public appearance in his own palpit-Vaa/oa thft thanksgrring Sabbath: after the April com munion. The . venerable Principal was k gpected by all denommations for Hs consist ency in Church politic!, having always espoused the cause of the party denominated 'Moderates, and the various charitable institutions in 'the city had in him a zealous supporter aad warm advocate.— North Btitith DaUg MaiL The AioEEiCAir.PASio is rntwro nr. E*o lajtd.— The commercial advices by the Arabia;. resterday, made some of our wortbj feUow utuens feel a litUe- foolish.^ W«^ bad I Uen yoiting,- with breathless vatoj,'g-r wm «? slosion of the 'bamb-sbill we* h-W Sflnijtrrar iometbing like a month ago. ^Wt-fraeotair to* . lew rerr dreadful wogunii of tW»feg»^tt * ' ' '-; ?; ^ -'? i*;£\ feaad dMffi, the wnstertiation it had created, -'tat—the fearful measures 01 retaliation teftrhifch it augsfc incite the English people. ? HS&'Bsnkdf lib^knd ~zz c:7:rln!y to suspend ; ?tonar of totfej cc--cci-:d — ith tli3 American tttarS '???&: to i.' ';r ijcm tb.2 co~z:erciEl ? %tttM^-8adit-»i3 ;r-a :.-r:i ilit iho indig ? bafit Bees' of uch^ ZjuII ''.tiiS r\'j orcr in W^fBzms;- pcrscnr.1'7 c:1 by prorr, 2nd dcaaand ^aymsnt of tho r^c-27 tij Ii'-d k^ned u» nn 'onrraiiwajbondj. All ih'iz ~zj to tasa place aff-flOOu 83 tho nc';3 of cu? b:,n!i suspension iKtnrld reach tLo English ;hare. Th?.t event took plaeo in dtis time, but the direful reauli-3 i*rodot followed. In facl jchp Ball does Hot afefcnrin the le&st; eitjited by this awful inci dent. The Bank of England 'did not suspend, Cdortbifid not decline, and the imperturbable Britishers iocJlr proceeded to buy up our rail fcfcdrtoda ana bonds, at the ridieuloualj low figure to which our ridiculous panic had re (lifted them. This may be a little annoying to tour overweening vanity.- It shows we are neither -so important not so trise as we had fimciod cranclTes. Bat it alao shows that there ii mow intelligence and a more EoKd erder of men ift ti» London Stock Exchange than fn oa* own. 'They tfe lets excit&ley; act .with grater ddiberatiany and ban More sagacity, ?ad pOMUth- more principle, than, the Bulls and jBetaofWall^treet On the receipt of the tow of the saspenaion of specie payments by wtf baatijOonaola. fell one-fourth per cent, tmi reeoVvrtd eren that trifling decline during tteday.- , 'VFife as it is no unusual cifcum- ftana for itdcii to rise and fall 8 or 10 per cent in the course ofa morning.— If em York Raw, ITot.14. ?.-'.''.; . 'Fixlvmes :jii GUs&4*v--The More of Alexander ftniekBhank, Bndgend corn mflht to *Hea ire referred .yeaterdiyj is fully imrouiitoed. The liabilities, which, are not so largo » was supposed, amount to about £8,000 We regret to annoonce the kuspettson of J. and & Wright, cotton-bwlers, Glasgow, The IWnlitira, we understand, are considerable.— Giotgov DaUs Matt* Not. 27. Loss C&A;&gnxnr; asd Da. LifunsToirs. —A frjr days ago, Lord Goderich, MJ?., and General Thompson* Mj?., had an interview TCththe Eariof 'ClatehdonatthoEoreign Office, at which thqr presented to his lordship the memorial agreea to recently by. the Leeds and Bradford Chamber of Commerce, requesting the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, to use his in* fioence with, the Portuguese Goyernment to ?ecure the five navigation of the Zambesi River, tod to afford that' freedom of transit and of commercial intercourse in the Portuguese colonies, on both the west and east coasts of Africa, which the memorialists think necessary in order to develop the resources of these cManto as well as of the native districts. IcrdClawttdon listened most attentively to the df*aBqtt* n»de to him, and gave the deputa 2'**t^{1c*0JT, assurances as to thaintentions w!w Goverjiment Dr. Livingstone, he said, ff»W Jgrfoceed to Lisbon 'witk the strongest ^^JJlimoodations, both to the King and VOToiuneat df Portugal, and would re ceive the hearty support of our Minister *%_that Court in ms efforts to secure freedom of navigation of the Zambesi* and tho Utmost facflitita for commercial intercourse with the interior of Africa. Lord Clarendon entered fully into the views of the deputation as laid down in the memorial, and seemed to be particularly impressed with the necessity of encouraging the growth of cotton by all prac ticable means. The deputation also brought under his lordship's notice the subject of the recent renewal of the internal slave trade on the west coast of Africa in consequence of the proceedings of the French, and Lord Clarendon toH them that the attention of the Govern ment was strongly directed to the matter, and that they were in communication with the French Government in respect to it He also begged the dep.tation to assure the Leeds and Bradford Chamber of Commerce that he was at all times glad to receive from such bodies information as to their views upon subjects connected with, the commercial interests of the _ country. Another deputation from the British Association, consisting of the President, the Bev. Dr. Lloyd, the Bev. Dr. Bqbinson, of Armagh, Sir Roderick Mur chison, Mr. M'Gregor Laird, and. Colonel Sabine, accompanied by Dr. Livingstone, have «lso had an interview with Lord Clarendon to represent to bun the importance of the Go* 'vermnent sending a vessel to survey the entrance to the Zambesi, and to -ascend the river as fer as practicable for navigation. Many similar representations, it is said, have been nude to the Government, and though the answer to the last- named deputation has not transpired, the probability is that an object recommended by theinterests of science and of ?commerce, as well as on higher grounds, will eventually be accompliihed.— Zfoytf* Netcs Thb Society of Arts.— The Council of this 8ociety have published the arrangements for examinations which they propose to substitute for those hitherto in force. The Society abandons oral examinations, and will set papers in London to be worked out by the candidate ca the spot There are to be two examinations ;-*-* previous one, to be carried out entirely by local boards, and a final one, by means of papers sent from. London, which the local .boards are to see worked. Judgment will afterwards be passed by the Society's board of examiners, and the awards, prizes, and certi ficates will be communicated to the parties concerned. The prizes and first-class certi ficates w31 be awarded at some local centre of importance; The Council will afford some aid to the travelling expenses of the candidates vrho may desire to come up and receive their certificates. With the view of assisting to bring the proposed titles of 'Associate in Arts of Oxford1' and ''Associate of Arts of Cam bridge' within the reach of the members of institutes in union with this Society, the , Council will grant to each youth, not less than -16 or more than 18 years of age, who shall obtain, in 1858, three of the Society's certi 'ficapea of the first class in the subjects con tained in the Oxford and Cambridge pro ? grammes, the sum of £5 towards his expenses, if he* attends at the University and undergoes .the«xwnination there. — Daily News, Nov. 28. : r -A Chtxd FsictHTZNBD to Dbath.— Tester- day jnorning a little girl, named Harriet Bow Icy, .whos^parents reside at Harvey's-bufldings, Strand; was playing with some of her com ?paiuojpjf, when, one of them covered herself ?Wi$-'.nLv!Vc3oak and mask, and suddenly atartuig-out so- frightened the child that she feU mto~violeni convulsions, which continued eo rapidly that it was determined to take her to Charing-crws Hospital, but by the time she reached there the poor child waa a corpse. — JfaUy Teltyniih, November 24th. Note. Stereoscopic Subject.— The Lon don Stereoscopic Companyjiave, at the sugges tion of 8nr DavM firewater, produced an exceedingly- picturesque ' and e&ectire; groap, consisting ofa party of gamblers disturbed by the appearance ofa ghost The spiritual mani festation is admirably contrived, being com pletely transparent, and, proportionately un . earthly in its general characteristics. . A Spohboe-GehibiIl-— An old man died, \- the other day, in 'Westminster Workhouse, who, in the course of nine years, assumed the ; responribility of becoming sponsor to upwards of a thouaand children bom in the workhouse, aadfbrthe-service of becoming godfather he -WM, upon each occasion, rewarded by the pariah authorities with a pint of porter. — -SwKjA Paper. ^ 