SIXTY REASONS IN. FAVOUR OF. THE OLD RELIGION. ' . Introduction.— The following statement of the rensons that induced an English Protestant barrister tn abjure Protestantism, and embrace the Catholic fa i tli, was published in England shortly after his cmiversion, and powerfully contributed tu remove from the minds of many well-meaning Protestants the unfavourable opinion that they had previously entertained of the Catholic Reli gion. -The present publisher cherishes what he .considers, a well-founded hope that its publica tion' in this colony will produce a similar effect on the minils of all' well-disposed Protestants who may reii'l it with that 'serious anil docile attention which the vital importance of the subject impe ratively demands of all those who are sincerely desirous to know, and determined (u.v J to fulfil what the nvist holy will of God requires them, in order to secure their salvation. If the writer know his own heart, his only motive in giving local publicity to this document is. that of pro moting the eternal interests of bis separated brethren, from very many of whom he has experienced, for n long series of years, exceed ingly great kindness. John Joseph Therry. ('1 Sl'EAK AS TO WISE MEN ?. JUDGE YE YOURSELVES WHAT I SAY.''— 1 Cor. X 15.) 1\. ' Bec'iiusp the Catholic religion,' commonly nicknamed ' Popery' by its adversaries, has been professed and believed by the Christian world 1500 years arid upwards before Protestantism had an existence. 2\. Because it is admitted on all hands, even by its bitterest enemies, that the Catholic religion was founded by Jesus Christ and his apostles, though alleged falsely that it became corrupt, 3\. Because, even supposing that no direct pro mise hud been given by its Divine Founder that be would preserve his Church from error, it would be an impeachment of the wisdom of God to say that a fabric which he himself had raised upon the foundation of the Prophets and Apostles, and of which* Jesus Christ himself was the chief corner- stone, was of so frail a nature as to fall into dilapidation, and to stand in need of human repairs. 4\. Because Christ declared that he would build His Church upon a rock, and promised tbat the gates .of hell (beresy and schism) should not pre vail against her. St. Matt., xvi. 18. 5\. Because, in commissioning his Apostles ' to teach all nations,' he further promised to be with them nil days even to the consummation of the world (St. Matt, xxviii. 19, 20); thus solemnly declaring that He never would desert His Church, or permit her to fall into error. 6\. Because, to remove every possibility of dnuht from the minds of His followers of His paternal care over Mis Church, our Saviour besought His Eternal Etitber to send the Holy Ghost to abide with His Apostles and their successors for ever; and he declared that the Holy Ghost, whom the father would send in His name, would teach them all things, and bring all things to their mind, whatsoever He had said to them — St. John, xiv., 16, 26. 7\. Because St. Paul calls the Church, of which Christ is the head (Col. i, 18— Ephes., v. 23), and for which He delivered himself up that He might sanctify it, and make it a glorious Church, without spot or wrinkle, holy and without blemish (Ephes., v. 25, 26, 27), the ' pillar and Aground of truth' (1 Tim., iii, 15), which it never could be if subject to error. 8\. Because, to secure unity in His Cburcb, and that the world might believe in his divine mission, Jesus: Christ prayed to His Heavenly Father for His apostles, and for all who through their word should believe in His name, tbat they might be one even as He and His Father were one (St. John, xvii. 20, 21 ) ; a prayer which could not have been heard if the Church has fallen into error. .9. Because, to preserve this unity in His Cburcb, and to prevent bis followers from being tossed to and fro nnd carried about by every wind of doctrine, Christ placed over it apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and doctors. (Ephes., iv. 11,14.) 10\. Because the promises made by Christ to His Church are not conditional, but absolute, not depending on the good or bad actions of men, but resting solely on the will of God. 11\. Because, however immoral the lives of some of its professed members, and a few of the clergy of the Catholic Church (for no man ia im peccable) may have been; however relaxed Church discipline may have become, and however great may have been the abuses which may have crept in (points which have been grossly exaggerated), the faith o.f the Church ever remained the same, unchanged because unchangeable. 12\. Because the persons, commonly called Reformers, had no commission or authority from GO'l to intermeddle in the affairs of His Church. 13 Because the founders of the Protestant religion were men who led licentious lives ; some of the leaders amongst them having violated the oaths which they had solemnly taken to lead a life of celibacy and chastity. 14\. Because the starting principle of the Re* formation so- called — the assumed right of private judgement in matters of faith — is subversive of the authority, which Christ established in uis Church, and is, moreover; in direct opposition to nis command to 'iikar toe Church.' 15\. Because, by rejecting the authority and testimony of the Church, and appealing to the Scriptures as the only rule nf faith, Protestants assume the .inspiration of the Scriptures, which inspiration can only be proved by the authority and testimony which they reject. . 16\. Because the making the Bible the only rule of faith necessarily implies tbat no man can have .any faith or adopt any system of religious belief till he has read the Bible, which principle, if pushed to its legitimate conclusion, evidently ?makes every Protestant a. sceptic until be- has drawn up bis religious code from his own perusal of the sacred volume. 17\. Because the generality of Protestants do not adopt this rule, as is evident from the fact that most of them lh*c and die in that religion in which they were brought up and educated. 18\. Because many Protestants believe several doctrines which are not to be found expressly in Scripture; such as infant baptism, tbe abrogation of the Jewish Sabbah, and the observance of the Sunday, and reject some practices which seem to be commanded in Scripture, as the washing of feet, &c;, and follow others which appear to be expressly prohibited, such as eating of blood and things strangled. 19\. Because, amongst Protestants, there is no judge of controversies, every Protestant deeming himself judge in bis own case. 20\. Because the apneal made by Protestants to the Bilile is neither more or less than an ap peal to each one's private judgement, ngainst tbe judgement of all mankind. 21\. Because the Protestant doctrines have been condemned by the Catholic Church in her last General Council. 22\. Because Protestantism is a changeable sys tem, and, therefore, cannot be true, as truth is unchan- Bible. 23\. Because Protestantism is divided into a multitude of conflicting sects, thusjclearly demon strating that private judgment, as a principle of unity, is a mere delusion. 2-1-. Because it is declared by St. Peter that no prophecy of Scripture is of private interpretation (2 St. Peter, i. 211) ; and because the same inspired writer informs us tliat there are many things in Scripture bard to be understood, whicli the un learned and the unstable wrest to their own des truction. (2 St. Peter, iii. 16.) 25\. Because the pastor's of God's Church, duly ordained arid succeeding to the apostles, are the only authorised interpreters of His word. 26\. Because tbe doctrines of Christianity nre not matters of opinion, but facts, to which facts tbe Universal Church and the Scripture bear tes timony. 27\. Because the Bible is nnt the sole and only rule of faith. For, 1st. It nowhere says that it is. 2nd. It could nnt have been the primitive rule of Christianity, as the NevvTestamentwas notwritten till long after the Christian religion was estab lished. 3rd. Many nations have been converted to the faith of Christ without ever having seen the Bible. 4th. It could not be acted upon as a rule even by a small portion of the Christian world before the invention of printing, now only 4(10 years old, since the Scriptures while in manuscript alone were not easily accessible. 5th. It cannot be a rule to those who nre unable to read. 6th. Even amongst those who can read and sit in judgment upon the meaning of its contents, the greatest differences exist upon points of doctrine. 28\. Because the whole revealed word of God was m«t written, but part thereof has been handed' down traditionally by the Church, to which tra dition St. Paul evidently alludes. (1 Cor., xi. 2 ; 2 Tless., ii. 14, iii. 6 ; 2 Tim., i. 13, ii. 2, iii. 14 ) 2!). Because all the doctrines of Christianity ?were taught nnd believed by Christians before a diii^io wuiu ui iuo new leauuiiciii. wua wiibiicii. 30\. Because all the doctrines held by the Catholic Church and objected to by the Protes tants have been always taught and believed by tho Church since the time of its establishment by Jesus Christ and his apostles. 31\. Because all the doctrines peculiar to Pro testantism are either old heresies which had been previously condemned by the Church, or novelties unknown to the Christian world for upwards uf fifteen hundred years. 32\. Because none of the Protestant Churches have tho marks mentioned in tho Scriptures as appertaining solely to tke Church of Christ, viz., unity, holiness, catholicity, and apostolicity. 33\. Because, whereas no two Protestant sects are alike in doctrine, the Catholic Church, throughout tbe world, professes and believes one and tbe same faith. In England tbe Church established by tbe law teaches one thing; in Scotland the Church there established by law teaches another and an opposite doctrine*; the Methodist differs from the Protestant Episcopalian as well as from the Presbyterian ; the Baptist nnd Friend from each other and from all the rest. But these disagreements are not confined to opposing sects. The Church of England has never been one within herself, and tbe breach amongst her clergy and her members is getting wider and wider every day. 34\. Because, while holiness has ever been the peculiar characteristic of the Catholic Churcb, as is demonstrated by the lives of her martyrs, her recluses, and her saints, and the many means of grace which she holds out to her children, Protestantism has no claim to this mark of the true Church, either on the score of tbe lives of its founders, who were immoral and proud men, or the inducements which it holds out to its followers to lead pious lives. 35\. Because, whilst the Catholic Church is Catholic as to time, having existed since Christ ; Catholic as to space, being spread over the whole world ; and Catholic as to doctrine, believing, as she now believes, and has always believed, all the doctrines taught by Christ and his Apostles; the various sects of Protestantism have not the slightest claim to this mark of the true Church. For, 1st. Tbe oldest of them bave existed little more than three hundred years ; they are consequently not Catholic as to time. 2nd. They exist individualised and apart, a portion or sect being generally confined to one kingdom, or, at most, thinly scattered over a few States ; they are therefore not Cathulic as to space. 3rd. They do not believe all tbe doctrines of Christi anity, for they have one and all repudiated many ol the doctrines taught and believed by the Ca tholic Church. It is true that the Established Church of England approximates nearer to the Catholic Church (of whicli she vainly supposes herself a branch) than most of the other sects; but she too rejects many of the dogmas of Catholic Christianity: the Protestant sects are consequently not Catholic in doctrine. 36\. Because, whilst ihe most learned Protes tants have admitted the Apostolicity of the Ca tholic Church, it is perfectly evident that the mark in question is wanting in the Protestant Churches, who have a succession neither of orders nor doctrine. The Church of England does indeed lay claim to the Apostolical succession, but the Catholic Church repudiates her claim, and the Church of England having separated herself from the fold of unity, and created a new communion, is precisely in the same situation as the other sects as to this 'point. 37\. Because, to use the words of Chillingworth, ??? . in his ' Motives or Reasons for renouncing tbe Protestant Religion, and embracing the Catholic Faith,' for which seo Wood's Athento Oxoniensis (Bliss's edition, Vol. III., Coli. 86), ' perpetual visible succession, which could never be wanting to tbe religion of Christ, nor any part of it, is wanting to the Protestant religion, so far as con cerns the points in contestation.' 38 Because, whilst the Church .isudeclared infallible in her doctrine, the Protestant Churches not only lay no claim to infallibility, but'ljepudiute it, nnd ndmit that they may err. ' .^Oh 39\. Because, by admitting fallibility nsjifenV ciple, no man can have any assurance tliaEpj|akr these churches teach hiay be true. Spltfc'' 40\. Because, although the Protestant Chur|^es. speculatively repudiate infallibility in theniselyegir they practically proceed or act as if they we're'' , ..-' infallible, by condemning those of their inemberV.i''' who find it necessary to dissent from their 'doc- trines. 41\. Because, whilst acting thus inconsistently, it is a maxim amongst some of them, that every individual, however ignorant, is obliged to believe that be understands the Scriptures better than all the rest of tbe Church, as was demonstated by Bossuet in his celebrated discussion with Claude. 42\. Because the plea maintained by some Pro testants, that a man must freely exercise his judgement to understand the Scriptures, before he can be convinced from their testimony tbat there is an infallible Church, however well founded in the case of the Protestants, is wholly inapplicable to that of tbe Catholic, who believes the doctrine of the Church's infallibility. 43\. Because the Scriptures, as a historical narrative of the life and actions of Jesus Christ, prove Him to have founded a Church as the infallible guide of man in matters of faith and morality. 44\. Because, whilst tbe historical truth of the Scriptures may be demonstrated by human testi mony, their inspiration as the word of God cannot possibly be established on any other testi- ? mony than that of the Church, whose infallibility they prove by the promises of Jesus Christ, of which promises they are the historical record. 45\. Because in this mode of reasoning there is no' vicious circle, as maintained by Protestants, as the historical truth, of tbe Scriptures being by them admitted, they must allow that Christ es tablished on earth a teaching authority or Church, without whose testimony it is impossible to pnivft the inspiration of the Scriptures {which inspira tion stands as a separate and distinct proposition from historical truth, as is evident from tbe fact . . that a narrative way be true without being an nspired composition. 46\. Because in tbe Catholic Church alone have tho prophecies of Scripture, respecting the conver sion of kings and nations tu the religion of Jesus Christ, been fulfilled. 47\. Because the ancient Britons were first con verted to Christianity in the second century by tnissionaties from Rome, sent by Pope Eleuthe rius, whose faith was the same as that of tbe pre sent l'ope, Pius IX. 48\. Because the Pagan Anglo-Saxons were first converted to Christianity by St. Augustine the Monk, sent from Rome by another Pope, viz., ' St. Gregory the Great, towards this end of tlieGtli century, and through whom the Clergy of tho Established Church of Enghuul pretend to derive their orders. ? ''.* 4.9. Because the samo doctrines wcro professed, taught, and believed by these Missionaries and the Popes who sent them, as arp professed, taught, and believed by all the Catholics throughout the world at the present day. 50\. Because the Protestant Missionaries havo not bdon able to convert a single nation to even a mere profession of Christianity. 51\. Because the experience of three hundred years lias fully demonstrated that unity, one of the four great marks of the Church of Christ, can never bo looked for amongst Protestants. 52\. Because, while the Catholio religion is a ? regular and well-defined system of doctrine of morals, Protestantism is, to borrow an expression of Edmund Burke, in one of his letters to Dr. Lawrence, 'no description of a religion at all, or of any principle, religious, moral, or political, but is a mere negation.' 53\. Because the early Protestants separated . . ? themselves from the Catholic Church, thus mani festing 'themselves to lie those Antichrists, those sensual men not 'having the spirit alluded to by the Apostles (-1 St. John,ii. 18; St. Jude, y. 19). 54\. Becanse the Catholic Church never sepa rated herself from any other communion, which separation were indeed un impossibility, seeing that she alone) existed before every sect 'claiming Idndred with ^Christianity. . . .??- , 55. Because all_ the.doctrin.es -ef-tli6 Catholic Church hava-tWn profe8sed and believed by the various sects coljectjvely wbiCQ have at different 1 times separated from her communion. 5G. Because Iiutber, the founder of the Refor mation so-callediH bas inf0rmed U8 in hjs book «'De Missa PrnMtB» that his chief arguments ?? aSvi' $r ? were su=sested t0 him by the 57\. Because^ ;n aU the point8 contmerted ^e^?_v?*iSi)lics and Protestants, the' former have ^££-S7p;'ture, antiquity, and all the ancient Fathers ^f^'' on their side. 58\. Because the best and most learned amongst the Protestant theologians admitted the Church in communion with the see of Rome, or theCatholic Church, to be true. For instance, the 'judicious' Hooker, in his ' Ecclesiastical Polity,' acknow ledges the Church of Rome ' to be of the family of Jesus Christ.' Bishop White, another Pro teRtant divine, in his ' Defence of his Way,' says that ' he never doubted the Church of Rome to be the visible Church of God, wherein our nncestors did profess the true faith and were saved.' And Di^. Barrow admits'. that the most learned Protestants' have owned the Church' of .?Rome'to be'thp Church of Christ. '5.9. Because, in all my reiearches among Pro ?testant contrnvertists, I have never found any of them represent the tenets of the Catholic Cburcb fairly ; but, by evasions and calumnies, seek to withdraw attention' from the real questions at ?-Issue. : ... 60. Because, in whatever point of view the ? differences between the Catholic Church and her . adversaries are looked at by unprejudiced minds ; ... when the immutability and perpetual visibility of it'ie former are contrasted with the modern origin and changeableness of the naw religion, first in troduced into the world by Martin Luther in ?Germany, by Cranmer in England, and by Knox , in Scotland-; and when, moreover, we reflect that ?these men act-d not only without commission or authority, but in direct opposition to the only authority left by Christ for the government of hfs Church upon- earth ; the inevitable conclusion is that the Catholic religion alone is the religion of ?Christ. '?? Protestant Reader! such are the reasons in 'favour of the ancient faith, offered to thy candid ..consideration by one once a Protestant, but now Jiappily a Catholic ! Matest thoo soon follow his example ! 