THE THBATRH3. THB OABBICK CLUB AT THH B0YA1. The psrformance of ' Hamlet' on Saturday night was undertaken by the Garrick Club, at the imtince of his Excellency the Governor, who is president of the institution. Whatever doubts may have been entertained aa to the club's corapatence to grapplo with such a tisV, there need bo no hesitation in stat- 1 ing that, as a whole, the performance waa highly creditablo, while somo two or more of the characters ware sustained with a large amount of ability. Tha audience, however, was singularly apathetic, and at juuetures where applause might have been given gracefully and deservedly, nouo was accorded. Tha noble Dane found a good representative in Mr J. Herbecte, who sustained the character throughout with considerable ability, and with an amount of ! ?elf- possession and discrimination which showed that he had devoted no little trouble and thought to the study of the important part he had undertaken. Mr G, R. Ireland's impersonation of tho Ghost wa3 one of singular excellence, his declamation being infi nitely superior to that of any one who has preceded him in this character on the Melbourne stage. Tho Polonius of Mr Biers was a very fair piece of acting. Equally creditable was the Osric of Mr J. B. Philp. Mr W. B. Bagater, as First Grate Bigger, showed considerable sense of humor, nor was he ill supported by Mr F. S. Smith. Tbo OpMia of Misu Ellen Mortyn (by the way, the first Shakspcarian character this lady has assumed Fince her residence in Victoria) was an admirable and artistic conceptioB, and further proof of her versatile talents. In the mad scsne 8he waa very impressive, and sang the incidental musio with much sweetness and effect. We need scarcely add that the Qiutn of Mrs Vickery was ona of the beat impersonations ia the play. His Excellency the Governor aad a large number of our dignitaries aud principal citizens were present. The dresa circle was fully attended, and displayed an un- I uaual amount of brilliance, from the presenco of a very large number of ladies in eveniug costume. The other part3 of tha house were well filled. This evening Mr Farquharson will take his beuefit at tho Royal, under distinguished patronage. The programme includes a selection of this distinguished vocalist's most populur descriptive and buffo scenes. He will be assisted by Miss Octavia Hamilton, Signor Grossi, and Mr G. R. G. Pringle. The band of the 40th Regiment will be in att-ndance. The entertain ment will open with the 'Unequal Match, 'and con* elude with a new ballet. THE OPERA AT THB PRINCESS 's. Saturday night beheld the seventh representation of Verdi's tragic opera 'II Trovatore,' and an auditory aa numerous as on any previous occaaion. The work is announced for repetition on this and to morrow evening. The great success which has attended the production of the ' Trovat«re,' and the growing taste for operatic entei't iments have induced the management of this theatre to enter upon a new season with increased resources and appliances, and to bring out a series of novelties with all tbe advantages to be derived from a greatly in creased vocal aud instrumental corps, scenery, and appointments oa a gigantic scale, aad the engagement of an additional number of soloists of eminence. After the withdrawal of ' Trovatore,' Donizetti's ' LaFavorita' will bo presented as the first opera of the new season. This will be followed by Meyerbeer's ' Huguenots' aud many other novelties. On Wednesday evening Signor Cutolo, tbe distin guished pianiat, will give a miscellaneous concert at the Princess's Theatre. He will be assisted by Miss Pilkington and Miss Juliana King. The entertain meui will include some dramatic performances, and is announced to be under distinguished patronage. 