MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. The Coinage.-It is a thing not generally known that the whole of the coinage of this country is struck by atmospheric pressure. At the Koyal Mint there are eight coining presses, each capa'' 'le of producing 60 pieces of any kind of coin-from the si'ver thres-halfpenny pices of our West Indian colonies to the crown piece of our own circulation-per minute, including stoppages for renewal of dies, &c.; Thes2 presse-) are on what is called the screw principle-that is, that the uppsr die is made to rtee and fall by the partial revolution of a power- ful screw running vertically through the centre of the prass. A hollow shaft rest s upon the centre of the fly arms which surmount the screw, and attached to it is a lever about 20 inches in length. A horizontal rod, fastened to the lever by a pin and socket, connects the press with a vacuum pump, placed perpendicularly upon a cylindrical vacuum tub3 lying beneath it. This latter is hept in a state of partial exhaustion (the extent of which is controllable by a relief valve) by the action of the air pump, placed at a distance of nearly 100 yards from the vacuum tube, and worked bj- a steam- engine. When it is desired to pnt a press in motion for the pur- pose of striking any particular kind of coin, theproperdies are fitted, blank pieces brought, and all the proper ad- justments made. A communication is then opened by means of a line, lever, and pneumatic valvo, between the press, pump, and the vacuum tube ; the former is fitted with a piston, and is open at the top. The lower part now, therefore, becomes exhausted, and the atmos- phere acting upon the piston oan-ie3 it rapidly to the bottom of the cylinder, and sines the end of the coinin" press lever is attached to the piston, and the lever to the screw of the press, it follows that a blow is struck on the disc of metal placed under the die-in short, a coin is produced. The whole apparatus now becomes self-acting und coins fall out as rapidly as described, until the supply of blanks fails, when of course operations cease. The whole coinage of England may be said to have been thus pumped into existence. The eight presses are fitted in precisely the same manner, and when all are engaged in stamping sovereigns the rich stream flows from them with bewildering beauty and richness.-The Eiupncer. Mysterious Attempt at Houseb rearing.-A rather novel, and certainly barefaced method of house breaking was discovered on Friday last by the person in charge of Mr. Grundy's tobacconist shop, between the bridge and the Unicorn Hotel. The person in charge, while in the shop during the afternoon, heard repeatedly what appeared to be the nibbling of mice or rats at the floor, and shortly^ afterwards to her consternation she discovered the point of a knife protruding through the floor, and working away at the boards, through the aper- ture in which she perceived a man standing in the hol- low underneath the shop. An alarm was raised, and the marauder at once decamped. Another man was, how- ever, shortly afterwards observed and challenged, but he appeared to be in no hurry, and stated that he had come there for another purpose. On searching the floor, about half-a dozen cuttings were discovered in tho floor, and it is conjectured that the person's intention was to make way for a saw by means of which in tha night time to re- move a part of the floor, and thus commit an easy bur- glary. The attempt, insanely reckless as it may seem, shows the necessity of having tho ugly ditch properly made and arched over, so that the hollow spaces under the houses there may be filled up and similar attempts prevented for the future. Sergeant Lannigan's attention being drawn to the matter, he said the perpetrator might have noticed that the space between Lydiird-street and the bridge was a sort of police " no man's land ;" no constable ever being told off for that portion of tho thoroughfare.-Ballarat Star. Melancholy Accident in Shetland.--Another of those sad boat casualties which so often occur in the north, and are so frequently attended with loss of life, has taken place in Shetland, resulting in the drowning of two men. On Thursday last a Dunrossness crew were engaged in the herring fishery, and after hauling their nets and setting sail for land, the boat being well laden with herrings, she was struck by a heavy sea, which threw her on her side, in which position she remained, the sail preventing the boat from either totally upsetting or righting. The crew all got on the boat, but in about an hour after one of them let go his hold from complete exhaustion, and was never more seen. The other three continued to hold on by the boat for about four hours, one of them assisting his father ; but no aid appearing, the young man was compelled to let go his hold of his aged parent, in order to preserve himself. The old man immediately sank beneath the waters. In this perilous condition the two remaining men continued, tossed about at the mercy of the waves, and clinging to the wreck of their boat, till after 10 o'clock in the forenoon, or nearly six hours after the accident occurred, when the crew of a smack belonging to Mr. Leask, of Lerwick, passing at some little distance, heard cries, and their attention being directed to the locality whence they issued, they observed the two men clinging to the wreck and instantly came to their rescue. Getting them on board, a work attended with great difficulty from the exhausted state of the sufferer, and of danger from the state of the sea they put their vessel about, and soon after landed the men at the Kirkabister Lighthouse. The man who helped his father so long was not expected to live after coming ashore ; but we are glad to say he has greatly recovered, and his gone home on horseback.--Nothern Ensign. The Ghost of General Mauceatj.-The Gazette de Cologne publishes the following strange story, which was communicated by its correipondent Yrom Coblentz, and which it appaars is at present the subject of general conversation in that city :-" It is very well known that underneath the Fort Empereur Francois, near the Cologne road, fie monument of the French Republican, General Marceau, who fell at Altenkirchen, had boen erected ; the body of the General having been buried at Coblentz. on Mount St. Pierre, where may now be found the principal part of the above-mentioned fort. The monument of the General, which was a truncated pyramid, had been re- moved when the building of the fortifications of Coblentz was commenced. It was, however, «»ibsoquently recon- structed at the place where it now remains by the expie=s order of the late King Fredrick William III. 51. de Stramberg, who, in his Rheinischer Antiquarius, gives a very detailed biography of Marceau, in making mention of this monument states that several persons hid alleged that they had seen the General on different occisions at night long after his death, mounted upon a white horse, and enveloped in a cloak of the same color (the French Chasseurs), riding towards Mount St. Pierre. It is stated that a soldier who was on duty at this mount at midnight has just seen this white spectre mounted upon a grey horse. Not receiving any answer to his demand, the soldier fired three times at the object. A patrol having come to the spot in consequence of those shots found the sentinel extended upon the ground in a state of unconsciousness, and in a frightful paroxysm of fever. He was transported to the hospital where he became dangerously ill. and throughout his delirium he could speak of nothing but the aforesaid apparition/' The Gheat Wall op China.-A letter from Shanghai of the 2nd of August, in the Moniteur, con- tains the following interesting account of a visit to the Groat Wall of China:-"The Treaties of Tien-sin havin? been ratified by the Emperor Hien-Fung, Baron Gros was desirous of visiting tho Great Wall, and of judging from personal observation of the correctness of the stated ments representing it as commencing in the sea at the entrance of the Bay of Leo-tung. At 7 o'clouk in the morning of the 11th of July the Ambassador, followed by his secretaries and attaches, embarked on board the small steamer the Pregent. The distance of the wall from the place where the Audacieuse frigate was at anchor was thought to be from 30 to 40 leagues, Towards evening the weather not being very clear, itwas thought prudent not to approach too close to the shore, and the steamer came to an anchor in the offing. At daybreak on the fol- lowing morning she again got under way, and soon after the wall appeared in view. It looked like a long ran°-e of buildings of" the same height, crenelated, and traversin" the plain from the sea to the foot of the chain of mouiT tains which run parallel with the coast, but at more than a league inland. An hour after the wall, with its crenel- lated top, forts, jetties running out into the sea, and the pagoda on the shore, were perfectly distinct in all their details. We had before us the most picturesque prospect that can be imagined ; along the sea coast the vast plain is covered with the most luxuriant vegetation, with numerous villages buried in trees, and at the back a horizon of lofty mountains. At the foot of the wall, on the side of China, wera seen the white tents of two Tartar camps, with their horses grazing at liberty around. Seen from the Chinese side the wall resembles an immense work in earth, crowned with a crenellated wall in brick, but in a very dilapidated state. On the Mantchouria side, on the contrary, it is built of brick on a foundation of stone. It has, along the whole length, square towers at a distance from each other of about °two bowshots' lentrth, so that the ene-nv might be struck from either of them. It runs down into the sea by two parallel jetties, the incline of which is so slight thai persons landina: from a bo it may easily walk up them. The largest vessels may approach to within about two .niles of this sput which is the place where future tour.s's onght to land. Unfortu'i itely we were not then aware of this fact, and we came to an anchor at a spot where the lan-ling wa* not very easy. The s'iore was soon covered with Ch-ne-e fro n tin n^igh'^o'-i-ig villages. M Marques, the interpreter to the mission, and Count d'Oz.'ry, the commandant of the Présent, were the first to go on shore, in order to confer with the authorities and ascertain whether any objection would be made to the landing of the party. A m indarin, mounte I on a white horse, and followed by two horsemen, arrived from the camp to inquire what these men, co uo from an unknown world, waite I. On receiving p icific assurances from our interpreter, he said no opposition would be m ule to th» disembdrcation. When all were oi shore, we proceeded direct towards the wall. We hld to ero53 several little rivulets which run dowi by the se i, an I we wer-> after- wards obliged to strike a littb more inland, in order to find ground rather less moist. As we approached towards the wall we observed the Tartars mounting their horses, .«id betraying by their gestures considerable emotion! Thoy separated into three bod'.e3-one remained oa horse back in front of the tents, thus cutting of the road to the wall ; another p.-oceedei oi our left, wlnre they alighted among the high grass ; and the third advanced at a°hand îallop to meet us. They asked whence we came, where we were going, and fold us that they could not allow us to advance any further. Their chief, they said, was absent, and they could not take on themselves the re- sponsibility of permitting us to approach. Yoi may judge of our astonishment when we learned from these men, encamped as it were at the very gates of the capital, that they had heard nothing of their country having been at war with France and England. The taking of Canton, the bombardment of Takon, and the peace concluded at Tiensin, they were completely ignorant of. After a little negotiation we thought we had got over our difficulty, and we .were allowed to advance, but we had not proceeded more than 300 or 400 yards when some fresh horsemen ad- vanced, and urgently impressed on us the propriety of not going any further. With our escort of 12 men well armed, and our revolvers, we might have kept off all those 300 Tartar horsemen and have mounted the wall in spite of them, but the Ambassador was anxious to avoid any dispute, and would not compromise his position for tho more gratification of curiosity. After having taken a few sketches, purchased some fans from the Tartars, and astonished a whole host of Chinese by letting them taste our brandy and' look at our watches and compasses, Baron Gros returned to the boats. These Tartar horsemen had neither bows nor arrows, but they all had matchlock guns slung over their shoulders. Their powder \ appeared to be very coarse, and, in addition to ball, they } had in their cartouche-boses small pellets of lead. Each man carried in his large boots his pipe and fan. Before I leaving the coast we went in the Pregent to have another view of the country on the other side of the Great Wall, opposite the plaina of Mantchouria, which were covered with the most extraordinary verdure, only to be found in countries where the ground, after bang long buried in snow, is vivified by a hot sun. The wall was seen grow- ing up as it were out of this exuberant vegetation, and ascending the side of the mounta'n, to follow, for more than 600 leagues, the half-savage countries which extend as far as the confines of Mongolia and the Kou-Kou-Nbor. After having for some time contemplated this magnifi- cent scene, Baron Gnw gave the signal for departure, and the Pregent steered for the Toki ^ Islands, where the Audacieuse frigate was waiting for us." A Remarkable Career.-Baron Ward, the famed Yorkshire groom, who played so prominent a part at the Court of Parma, died on Tuesday night at Vienna. The history of this extraordinary man is full of remarkable events. He left Yorkshire as a boy in the pay of Prince Lichtenstein of Hungary, and after a four years suc- cessful career on the turf at Vienna as a jockey he became employed by the then reigning Duke of Lucca. He was at Lucca promoted from the stable to be valet to his Royal Highness. This service he performed up to 1S46. About that period he was made Master of the Horse to the Ducal Court, Eventually he became Minister of tho Household and Minister of Finance, which office he held when the Duke abdicated in 1848. At this period he _ became an active agent of Austria during the revolution. ^ A3 Austria triumphed he re- turned to Parma as Prime Minister, and negotiated the abdication of Charles II., and placed the youthful Charles III. on the throne, who, it will be remembered, was assassinated before his own pdace in 1854. It should be observed that as soon as Charles III. carne to the throne tho then Baron Ward was sent to Germany by his patron as Minister Plenipotentiary, to represent Parma at the Court of Vienna. This post he held up to the time of his Royal patron's tragical end. i When the present Duchess-Regent assumed state authority Ward retired from public life, and took to agricultural pursuits in the Austrian dominions. With- out any educational foundation he contrived to write and speak German, French, and Italian, and conducted the afF,lirs of state with considerable cleverness, if not with remarkable straightforwardness. Baron Ward was mar- ried to a humble person of Vienna, and has left four children. Perhaps no man of modern times passed a more varied and romantic life than Ward, the groom, statesman, and friend of Sovereigns. From the stable he rose to the highest offices of "a little kingdom, at a period of great European political interest, and died in retirement, pursuing the rustic occupation of a farmer, carrying with hi u to the grave many curious State secrets.-Lonclonjpaper. What will Become op the World ?-Mr. J. S. Wilson read a paper before the British Association on "The desication of the eavth and atmosphere." He first drew attention to the fact observed by all travellers that there are in many parts of the world barren lands, dry watercourses and lakes, and not unfrequently traces of human habitation where large populations had once existed, hut are now no more to bo seen. After stating various facts and opinions, Mr. Wilson concluded that there was a gradual solidifying of the aqueous vapours, and, consequently, of water, on the face of this terrestrial world, which, ho inferred, was approaching a state in which it will be impossible for man to continue an in- habitant. Yet, he added, we should feel satisfied with the prospect that the term of our occupation is not yet half expired. Various considerations, indeed, lead to the conclusion that the fitness of the earth for man may extend to a period much longer than that in which it has been occupied by bim, nor will that term end till after the polar bear, the walrus, and the narwal havo bocome inhabitants of the tropics. Sir Roderick Murchison, the President, said it was certainly not a very pleasant idea to think that our race was to die out from thirst. How- ever little he or others might incline to accept Mr. Wil- son's theory, his facts were exceedingly good. Geo- logists, however, would be disposed not all to agree with Mr. Wilson in disavowing the influence of the elevation of land in causing some of the effects alluded to ; but they certainly believed that the quantity of water now existing was very much what it was when the world bagvn.^-English paper. The Stanfield Hald Murders.-A soldier now in custody at Gibraltar states that he was the murderer of Messrs. Jermy, and not Rush, who was executed for the crime. Some correspondence has been publiahel in différant newspapers on the subject, and by many it if suspected the poor fellow's mind must be in an unsound stite. " Scrutator" writes to the Manchester Examiner and points out that the soldier's confession does not at all agree with the fact that Rush was recognised as the assassin by the wounded servant girl, and in consequence communication was instantly made with Norwich, which resulted in the police being sent to Rush's house, and arrived there almost as soon as he did. He had not time to remove his wet boots before he was taken. It was very early in the morning. On the sama subject another v.-riter addresses the editor of aLondon journal :-" It is, of course, impossible11 at present to form an accurate opinion upon the point in the absence of the name of the parson who thus accuses himself, but it may We remarked that Rush declared, from first to la*t, that he was not the actual peisjn who co.nmitted the murders. In the extraordinary defence he made, as the inquiry w¿3 dr iwing to a ulos3. he said that the two persons named Dick and Joew?re the persons who committed the crime, and that they would turn up in three years. He would not mention who they wera beyond saying that they were the persons with whom he had been in frequent communication with regard to the Jorray property, and that one of them claimed to bo iho rightful owner of the estate. On boing removed to his cell, after he was condemned to death, he drew his chair before the fire, sat down, and rubbing his knees, remarked to his attendants, 'This is a trouble- some world, and I suppose I must die ; but should the man who really committed the murders come forward and avow himself, do you think that I should be released ? ' Again ho declared Dick and Joo would make a confession in three years; aud up to the present timo it la a peculiar phrase in Norfolk, when alluding lo the Stan- field Hall murders, that Dick and Joe have never yet come forward. Against this statement of Rush is to be placed the emphatic declaration of Emily Sandford, that Rush went out of his house (Potash Farm) at tho time tho murders took placo, and Eliza Chestney distinctly swore to him as the person who fired at her. She said she knew him by bis head, upon which Rush immediately exclaimed ' Did you see my head ? ' a remark which led strongly to the in- ference that it was he who committed the act. Besides, Eliza Chestney knew him well, and the contour of his person was altogether so peculiar that anyone Laving seen him and observed his gait could scarcely have failed in identifying him again, notwithstanding hio estraordtuary disguise. It will be remembered, too, I that the pistols, which had been accurately described, j were found buried behind Potash Farm some weeks after the execution."-Leeds Mercury, September l8. j Report on Tribunals of Commerce: Scene in; the Committee-room.-The report of the Select Com- j mittee appointed to inquire respecting the expediency of establishing Tribunals of Commerce, or of otherwise im- proving the administration of justice in causes relating to commercial disputes, appeared on Friday. Mr. Lyne, chairman of the Association for the promotion of Tribunals of Commerce, was asked by the chairman to state what he knew of the delay in the administration of justice in commercial causes, when he made the follow- ing statement :-" 1 will state a leading case in the city I of London, and I hold myself responsible for the details, ! although I may make a little deviation as to names and places. The late-sent an agent to Mexico ; and on the return of that agent to this country a dispute arose with regard to the settlement of account ; everything was done which the agent could do to bring about arbi- tration, bit he was resisted. The man was incapable from his means to contend with his employer, because of tho expensive litigation in this country. Many years were spent in endeavouring to bring his em- ployer, or the house of -, to a settlement ; at last, | a schoolfellow of the agent, thinking him ill-treatel, took up the c&se;, and investigatsd it, and the grand [ Jury of London indicted the late '- for conspiracy. The late-, a3 a matter of course, would have had to appear before the bar of the Old Bailey, if he had been a poorer man ; but ho removed the case from there into the Court of Exchequer or the Court of Common Pleas, where it was submitted to a Jury of merchants to decide. Tne case lasted all the d ty, and when it was finishe 1 the whisper through the Court waa that the poor man would gain the day. The special Jury were locked up 45 minutes. The excitement became too great for the poor I man who had been litigating for so many yaars, and he died before the verdict was given. The verdict was in ! favor of the late-; and on the very best authority I heard that the most improper conspiracy, or rather, I should say, bribery, was carried on on that occasion. Those witnesses who might have proved the case were kept out of Court. I should not have given that I case to the Committee if I had not first submitfed it to Mr. -, offering to give up my authority if there was anything wrong in it. The fact | of bribery was given to me by a man who was in the room, and witnessed it." Mr. Ridley proposed, the room being cleared, to strike out all the words in tha foreaoingstatenent, from "investigated it," to "carried on that occasion :" but this was demurred to. and on a division being taken its retention ou the minutes was curied by five votes against three. The cause of the rooms being cleared on other occasions does not appear from the evidence, but several statements of a similar description were m ide by Mr. Lyne in the course of his evidence. One, in which the names appear, and in which the witness was himsslf concerned, is as follows :-" I once had a dispute which only allowed that there should | be oae witness in the case, and ho was an attorney. B store ha went into the Witness-box he was cautioned by my solic'.tor that ho would perjure himself, but he braved it out and went into flhe witness-box. Lord Ca-npbell wai my counsel, and Lord AMnger was the Judife. The witness gave his testimony accarding to his deter .nitution, and the Jury, under the direction of Lord Abinger, gave a verdict against me. Lord Abinger made somp very ssvero remarks against me. My friends interfered, and I have pot a letter in my possession from j the present Lord Abinger, expressing his regret, on the J part of his fathT, that the case did not altogether come out in the Court. In the meantime the verdict went against me, contrary to the facts. I then had to pay a very large sum of money, and I did not know how to get out of it ; but I was determined I would not be defeated, and I went to a friend and requested h>m to strike a docket against me. Ile did so ; I then became a witness in the case, .and the attorney committed suicide, and put an end to that case. If this case had gone before a Tribunal of Commerce, that man would never have com- mitted suicide, and the Hon. Mr. Scarlett would never have written the letter to my friend, expressing his regret that all the facts did not come out, because beforo a Tribunal of Commerce I should have been enabled to bring them out." -Manx Sun, October 9. A Parliamentary Return, just published, gives some particulars regarding the injury to life and limb sustained on the railways of ihe United Kingdom during the first half of the year 1858. It appears that 143 persons were killed, and 175 injured. Of these 106 were killed and 153 injured in England and Wales ; 27 were killed and 9 injured in Scotland ; and 10 were killed and 13 injured in Ireland. Of the total, 10 deaths and 97 injuries occurred to passen- gers from causes beyond their control, while 10 deaths and 12 injuries were the consequence of their own misconduct or want of caution. Among railway em- ployes, 8 were killed and 3S1 wounded in a manner which left them free from blame, while, for no less than 65 deaths, and 24 injuries, the victims were themselves responsible. The persons killed at level crossings num- bered 12, and (the wounded 2, and tresspasaers (to i the number of 34 were killed and 7 wounded. Of tho former 3 wero cases of suicide. The miscellaneous deaths not cominsr under any of the preceding categories wera 4\. In the period to which the retarn relates, 9,23 8 miles of railway were open for traffic ; in the correspond- ing half of 1857, when 8,942 miles were open, 103 deaths and 353 injuries occured on railways. The Drama.-The lovers of the legitimate drama will read with interest the article in " Tail for October, from which we make the following «e'e ction : " ' In my hot youth, when George the Third wa< king,' patents to theatres in London and the larger prov mcial cities and towns were granted, enabling the holders to exercise an exclusive right to the performance of the legitimate drama, whether tragedy o.' comedy. This exclusive privilege was brought into monopolistic ac (ion, and Drury Lane and Covent Garden all but commanded ïhe histrionic ability of England. The patent country theatres were the hothouses which bred ' professionals' for the metropolitan market, and London being the last round on the ladder of ambition, to an actoi's eye, all «truggled to reach the top. London managers had wherewithal to pick and choose from. In a few theatres they concentrated ihe theatrical genius of the nation, and hence every play put on the stage was acted as if ¿he intelligence of its author had superintpnded a season's rehearsals. Besides, dramas were not then written for this actor or that, but the performer was cast to his part, not the part shaped for him. In everything there was unity ; but the sj-stem was doomed to annihilation. The prohibition against minor theatres playing patsated plays was removed-any one that choss, on being licensed, could put Shakspeare on the stage ; the reaction from monopoly to free trade in representations was ex- cessive ; the demand for performers of fax mark grow excessive ; second-rate ability was put into Srat-ratO harness and paid a first-rate salary ; the old temples wero deserted ; but that did not argue that histrionic pywer was extinct. There are now, and there were then, as many able and conscientious actors in the world'as dur* ingthe period when greater celebrity was achieved by the followers of the art; but the abolition of the monopoly has scattered them to and fro over the earth's .surface-there is no longer to he found a combination of alie elements that go to constitute a perfect drama per i'-jctly acted ; for let me inform you, my friend, actors :-re no more to bo caught in every hedge than poets, though too many mako pretensions to be considered Loth." Literature.-It behoves every people to take heed f hat the interests of literary men are on their side rather (han on the side of their rulers. For literature is the re- presentative of intellect, which is progressive; govern- ment is the representative of order, which is stationary. Jiuctle's History of Civilization, p. 632. Tun Midshipman's Three Dinners.-I do not I iiink there is any harm in putting the following story on record. It was told me, many years ago, by the hero of ii;, my very valued friend Captain (afterwards Admiral Sir Francis) Beaufort. We wero talking of a midship.nau'a appetite, as a thing which bears a high character fn- energy and punctuality, and Captain Beaufort said it had never been tried how many dinners a midshipman could eat in one day. " I," said he, '.got as far a3 three." I begged to know the particu ! irs, and he gave me them as follows :-" I had eaten my dinner at the midshipman's table, and a very good one, as I always did. After it, tho captain's stew.ird, came up, and said, ' The captain's compliments, and desires the favour of your company to dinner.' ' But I've dined,' said I. ' For meroy's sake, don't say that, Sir,' said he, ' for I shall be in a scrape if yo i &) ; I \ ought to havo asked you this morning, but I fo;-got.* I .So I thought I must go ; and two hours afterward* I did go, and I dined, and I think I made my usoal good tanner. Just as we rose from table, a signal was made !>y the admiral to send an officer on board, ond, ai ic was my turn, 1 had to go oif in th3 boat. When I got on board the admiral's ship, the ad niral said to me, .Ah! Mr, Beaufort, I believe.' ' Yes, Sir.' said I. ' Well, Mr. Bîaufort,' said he, . th3 papers you a-e to take back will not be read}- ti jq half hour; hut I am jusç sitting down to dinner, and shill be glad of your company.' Now, you know, as to a midshipm m re- fusing to dine with the alm'ril, there are no5 the words for it in the naval dictionary. So I sat down to my third dinner, and I am sure I did very well ; and I got back to my own ship just in time for tea."-yetes omi Queries. Happiness in ever* Station.-There's no condition of life, sickness and pain excepted, wh^re hapomess i3 excluded. The husbandman, who rises early to his labor, enjoys more welcome rest at night fo'r't. His 'bread is sweeter to him ; his home happier ; his enjoy- ments surer. The sun that rouses him in the moraing sors in the evening to release him. All situation ; have their comforts, if swc°t contentment dwell in the heur:. Death in the Snuffbox.-Death was onca fcu.-.d in !ho pot, and now he has been detected i i the SnuTnox. Ljng ago the destroyer was found in the snuff, b :t ho has since been discovered 1 ngering in the box its3¡f. In boxes lined with very thin lead, but especially ia coses where the leaden lining is thicker, and which are much used by the Paris retailers, a chemical acton take; nhce, t!ie result of which is to charge the snuff with sub aêatatà of lead. This result was suspected by Chevalier, and bos been confirmed by Boudet, of Paris, and Mayer, of Berlin, by long and careful experiments. Th 3 "latter learned chemist traces several diaths and ca.ce-ä of "saturnine paralysis" to the patients having tiken scuff from packets the inner envelope of which w.is t'-in shest lead, in constant contact with the powdered wead. Athenäum. Love Laughs at Locksmiths.-A few months since, a well-known Glasgow merchant, please I w,th the scenery of Campbeltown, took possession of a charm-og cottage overlooking the loch, determined to ma'co ic lils summer quarters. Ho was accompanied by his wife and 'laughter. Shortly after their arrival in Canpbefrown a gentleman in connection with Her Majesty's Customs .vas introduced to them, and fell at once indee the snell ot the daughter's charms, at the sam? time aw km'-nc- a tender interest in the breast of the young lad v. T.ie papa was inexorable, and put an end fora time to tbo sift whisperings by placing the. voung lady tindee wbac he imagined the secure guardianship of loek and kev. But our fair maid, though clo33ly confined, by no means gava up thoughts of liberty and of the enjoyment of the .society of him to whom sho had yielded her vo my .-ttTec lions. By means best known to themselves they held communication, and Paterf imilia3 being still 'tern.* the lady continued firm in her resolve to h ive none has th-j man of her choice ; and the lovers det »mined to see il a march, fly, and be joined in the bonds which no m m c in «under To accomplish this, a fhliing smice wis tiirx; a night chosen which was d irkandshowe teeeiy prosuept'of a rattling breeze, and a skiff with mufflîd o u-ëj niocàred to bear the lovers to the larger boat, which wa« ft awair. them a. milo off. About balf-past 10 in the ev¿nin<v, ac- cording to pre-arrangement, the lady steppe I for:h by the window, with no moro extensive trousseau tina the dress she had been wearing during the evening, and a round hat. She was then received by her future ¡0rd, who hurried her off to where the skiff was hauled up in shore, with four strong fellows alongside up Lj ¡heir knees in the sea, ready to shove har off. One miuunt and the lady was placed in the stern, thî men jum «I into the boat, and in five minutes they reamed tlie fis'i ing smack, where they could defy pursuit, for she was pat before the wind, and scudded up the souul of K'lnr tu- nan before a strong south-westerly gale. Taey r j ached Loch Ranza after a passage fearful enough to" have set half-a-dozen ordinary young ladies out of t.isir wits, but which our heroine, no doubt love-supported, bore -ad nir ably. Here our runaways remained till daybreik, and afterwards resumed their perilous journey, wh'.ih, how- ever, had, as it deserved, a happy termination, whaa the 3 me evening they reached the resideaca of the gentle- man's brother-in-law in Dumfrieshire, whero. in a few days after, their bold and dariug ad ve iture met with its crowning reward through the "kind offices of the parish minister. We may mention that the gentlemans brot'ier and sister accompanied the fugitives.-Xortk British. Daily Mail. Written Sermons.-Services were lately held at West Hartlepool, on the occasion of the settlement at that place of the -ïev. John Bennett, lately a st iden! of New College. At a collation held in the afteenom, the Re. Dr. Ilallsy^-who wa? one of the speakers, îelated the following anecdote :-" A giod deal h id been sa'd a'iout written sermons. He would tell them a story. There was a minis'er (hi would not give then mu) ex- tremely zealous against writtea serme-ns (and, nerhaps, he had a good reason for being so). Ths minist r once carne to Manchester to a mission try meeting. ;.n I a wa3 arranged that on the Sunday evening he s o.i J tike his (Dr. Halley's) pulpit. Well, his fri-nd rosa ' .is Urge us life,' and in full canonicals, and gave oat his c :xt. Tais occurred, he thought, in '41. His frienl peoeeei'e I to tho sermon ; but, before he had completed me fir-t sen- tence, he stopp3Í short. There he stoed, appir^ntlv quite bewildered. He (Dr. Halley) got up .uni w. i:e'l along the aMc, and up the pulpb stairs, still Iii, tv end w is standing stock-still. Re said ' Go oa ; go on !' '1 ein't' said his friend. ' Way .'' said he. ' Becmsa I'vj git the wrong sermon,' said his friend dan >hter). Aud there, sure enough, spread out before thisste.-u opp i. .... of written sermons, was alK seraun. 'Xever mial, give them th it.' sa'd he. ' Oh, no,' said his friend, . it has no reference to the text ; and, besides it's t'w one. I praached this morning.' Of couree he w >u'd not iv&ï\ ask hi-n to go on. He suggested fiat he s'ion'd j>i\>o3î I extemporaneously, but that he could not do ; an 1 he w is beg'nning to think he would have to p -eaci him eh", when it struck his friend thatthe re mire I sîi-mo a m: dis bo in his coat pocket in the vestry. So a hymn was given out, and, while the congregation ware sin-jna-. iib friend descended from the pul >it, an 1 happi¡y re ovei-ed the missing manuscript." [It is uidorsiôol rha'. Dr. Campbell of the British Standard is the miniit^r re- ferred to.] Mr. PhblPS A3 RrcHLtßU.-Tn an a'li a-+icl» ort '?' Mr. Phelps, as Kichlio i," the Weekly Dispa'r.'i siys :'If Mr. Macready was the Alexand .v of tie th- it;i;,il world, who enlarged his dominion in every -i -Id o? cha drama, Mr. Phelp-, claims the praise of hear h s only lieutenant, who. out of the wreck of a great r ile, m ¿s built up one of his own. Ha is our true sta j;ï S .'euca4 ! Mr. I hslp3 is the only one who has had the a-ldii m ii merit of establishing a valuable theitrieal syst-rn. When our stage records are written by so ne Victor or Collier, his achievement will stand o it as the most in- teresting event of the last twenty years. Mr. Phelps' object, we must admit, was rather drain itie than thea- trical. Basing the acceptance of an author on his human illustration, and not on his scenic, 1h estabh'she I at once a poetical aim which had a twofo'd adviuta,gp; whilst it enforced his beat efforts it had excu33 for his weakest." EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA.—The renewed demand for labour in Australia, consequent upon the commence- ment of important railway works, has given a new im- petus to emigration in that direction. The fast clipper built ship Florence Nightingale, one of the Mersey Line of regular monthly packets belonging to Messrs. E. Thompson & Co., sailed from Liverpool on Monday, with 280 passengers and a full and valuable cargo. The next vessel of this line is the Black Eagle, which is now on view in Prince's Dock, Liverpool, and will sail on the 25th October. This noble vessel was built expressly for the Australian passenger trade, and is now on her first voyage. Her splendid model and excellent accommoda- tion stamp her as one of the finest ships ever sent to the Australian colonies. The superior character of the Liver- pool packets, and their prompt and regular despatch, have justly gained for that port nearly the whole of the passenger trade to Australia, and the unanimous testi- mony of passengers, on their arrival at Melbourne, shows that no vessels are better provisioned or more ably com- manded. - Liverpool Mercury, Oct. 9. 