ENGLISH EXTRACTS. THE ATLANTIC STEAM POSTAL SERVICE. _ (front the Morning Chronicle, Marchloj The fato which has overtaken successive American entrepreneurs of a Transatlantic (¡ne of steamers is very singular and suggostivo. hoverul individuals, or oom pnnios, of umplo capital and indefatigable iMrsovornnee, have undertaken tho enterprise, and numorous rivals to tho Cnnard_ steamers have competuil tor a share in the vast traillo in passengers, letters, and general merchan- dise between Liverpool and New York. In tho result, every competitor of Unitod States paternity haa quitted tho field-or rather the ocean. Some wore discomfited by accident. Splendid steamers, like the President, quitted harbor, and wore never heard of again. In other oases, whore no such tori ¡bio catastrophe occurred, the damage occasioned by casualty or storm swallowed up the profits earned upon a whole year's work. Sometimes the speculation paid a tolerable ralo of interest for a short time, but became altogether unprofitable a hen timos wera bad or tho vossola grew older. From what- ever oauso, the ¡ssuo is, that ono after anothor of these advenimos collapsed ; ami at tho date ot tho last advient from New York tho romsinlng vessels belonging to the last and best man igcd American sortes of " liners," that known as the Collins'steamers, iroro in the market for «nie, the owner, after sacrificing a large capital, having abandoned the enterprise. For this recurring disappointment in the efforts of our Transatlantic rotatives soverul explanations aro given. Ona difficulty thoy are »aid to labor under is, the in- feriority of their ships und machinery. The \essols built and the onginot manufactured |n America, ure re- ported to work and wear bv no means a« well as those ot iii ¡tish fabric. The vessels, it is stated, cannot attain tho same speed without inournng a heavier expenso in fuol, do not last so long, and aro more liablo to uerango monts anti,delays. Tins disadvantage, if it really exists, must, of oourso, tell sovorcly in oraco »here compétition is ao severo, and tho utmost limit in speed, régulai ¡ty, and economy of transit ia made tho great object of at- tainment by the competitors on cither side. A still moro damaging influence lias, however, been exerted by the ¡ll-Imlgod terms on which tho United Stilton Govornmont have gruntod their subvention for tho jiqstal service, Somolinios this payment was mado by a'ii tod amount of reinburaeincfit, and at others» per- centage was paid to flic owners of the mail steamet« from tlie postage ot tho totters, vtc, whioliworo conveyed) but in otiier oases the rovepue thus derived was very in considerable, anti it ana nlno invariably aocompnnie'd by the condition that tho hen ¡co should bo perfoiincd at ii certain rata ot speed. All other cousidoiallon«, wero, in «loud, sacrificed to this single oloment-H knots an hour and no loss being oxnoted as a gonoiul uvernge, at pvcry season, and under all oirouinstances of vv ind mid vv outlier. Now, It ia very right to loquiro punctuality and despatch in the performance of every nubllo work, and especially ono of stioli importanoo as tho ttanstuission of corres pandonoo between the tivo greatest rotntneroial states in tho world, nut the rata was in this caso ilxod inuoh too high oithor for profit or security. Above a cortain velocity, overy moreaso in the speed of a steam vessel ia obtained only nt au extravagant cost. Tho consumption of coal alono in tho voyagea bptwoon Now York and Mvorpool is aug- mented, from £80,000 to £1128,000, ii tho late of steam- ing is ¡tioreasod from IS knots to 14. The gain in dospatoh is hy no means equivalont to tho enormously enhanced oxpandituro incurred. Nor is tho oost of fuel the only drawback, Muoh groator wear and toar is occasioned, and far lionvior risk of accident la encountered, when tlio transit is thus urgod at higli-piossiiro spood, A total failure has not unfrenuontlv ocounod in the arrival of an oxpootod mail through this Jnjudioious attempt to nbbrovintoJby a few houfd tho avorago poripd of oonveyonoo. It should bo remembered, also, that< thoso mail steamera carry othor thing« besides luttera, Tho mifoty orovon the convonlouPO'of a orowd pf passqn-, gera should bo taken into account As well as tho rapid transmission pt' corrospoDdonoo. This consideration has hithorto boen too frequently ovorlookod, A« a matter of foot, several vessels miyo boon lost, und a multitude ( of live» BoorJiiood -whilain many moro instnnoos frightful oaaualtitw havo been onlv met q«oupçd~-throiigii (lie naturul aniioty of the eonironiidora to savo tim ponultioa willoh nu hour's lota of timo, or 80 milos ot distance, rimy 'bring upon tliolr owners under tho l'ost.ofliao'contvaot^ When tile submarino telegraph i» established, tho neces- sity for .nsuring a rapid ooDvuyanooof lottora will almost disappear. AlTimporUnt political Inlelligauoo or oom mercial messages will bo flashed alon.-j the wires, render- ing it it matter of companvtive indifference whether the Wrlttep correspondence arrives.at IO days or 11. But oven bofore tliU work is accomplished the United States Government should revise tho terms of its postal service, I after these repeated proofs that by exacting too hard ' conditions it effects a dubious economy at the ruin of many enterprising and patriotio subjects, and with a serious aggravation of peri) to the crews and pasaongors on board the Transatlantic mail steamers. VESUVIUS.-1 have seen many fine things in my life, hut foiv finer, perhaps, than tho speotaolo I now wit- nessed. Thero is a hissing, bubbling, boiling cauldron before us, so near that we could "chuck" a stone into it. Tho heat is scorching ; our oyes smarted, and wo invo- luntarily hold up our hands to keep it oil'. Over it bub- bled, and down it ran, this visonl mass, Uko red-hot pitch or honoy ; and, though fluming at the source, it was singular to vvatoh here and thoro the patches of black, like so many dark, loumy ¡slots, cooled by the notion of tho air. Then carno down n fresh flood of the fiery inattor, nud tho ¡slots wera carried down-donn fur below into tho vulley-whilst the stream again appeared one wide-flowing shoot. We perched about on pinnacles of lava, und felt'half disposed to make, not morely n day, but» night of it. At a littlo distança ,rom us sat " Piccadilly," (Albert Smith), evidently absorbed in wonder at tho grandeur of the scene, and doubtless Rgyiitinn Hall will henr this wintor of the awful glorios of tim spot. Are thoy not all written in tho book of his memory ? As flics and othor insects, according to Professor Piilmieri, aro found around tho very oriliccs which vomit forth fire, so «oro theso regions of lava peopled by persons pursuing a vari- ety of trades. Thero wore vendors of broad and wine, and collectors of » specimens of lava, and others ready to put your coins into the liquid ure. Pins the Ninth's hoad was ofton so consigned, and Exeter Hall might havo been pleased with tho ideas it suggested. Of course, we bought the Topo, and having consumed tho wine, and despatched various othor affairs, wo commenced our descent. "Tis a run-'tis n gallop sometimes degenerating into a tumble. Thora aro no bounds to our headlong speed-and, shoeless and nnolo sprained, wa arrivo at tho bottom, grateful that our necks are sound. Our horses are awaiting, and our gon durmo with tho green baize bag, and cightponce roquito his services and his demand. A soldier accept money .' Of course ho docs; ha is a Neapolitan, and avery branch I of tho service accepts money, as every traveller in tho Two Sicilies well knows. And so terminated a visit from Piccadilly to Vesuvius-and many thousands no doubt aro those who will this winter repeat tho visit with Albert Smith. " Well," I said, "have 1 put you up to a dodge or two?' "And somothing over and above," was the ronly. " And havo you been pleased with your ascent!;1 " Wonderful ! I could never have conceived tho grandeur of tho scene." " Good bye, then, until vye meet at the Bluo Grotto." I have only- to add, that sinco our ascent (he activity of the mountain has been hourly increasing, and that at night tho s|>ectaole is grand beyond the power of description. The sky behind it is ¡¡ko a large piece of crimson red canvas, and tho form of tho moun- tain is painted bodily.-H. VV., in the hthenaeum. A PhAoi-B or HATS AND MICE, IS FRANCK.*-Tho do I pnrtments of the Loir et Cher and the Hauu Ullin aro at f-present afflicted with a formidable scourge. In tho for- mer of theso departments tho rats aro swarming, and devour the potatoes, beetroot, carrots, turnips, and oven tho onions. Thov are seen moving shout in innumerable bands. In the liant Rhin, it is the mice which aye com- mitting ravages. Thoy have increased in such a manner I that an application was made to the Perfect to permit I the use of arsenic for their destruction. That func- tionary, after mature inquiry, returned for answer that he saw no reason for making any change in the existing laws relative to tho sale of *>oisou ; but be recommends the applicants to use the phosphoric paste and the paste of arsenic, which is composed of 1,000 grammes of melted tallow, 1,000 grammes of flour, 1,000 grammes of arsenic, 10 grammes ot lump black, and one gramme of aniseed. Gulit/nani's .Messenger. Tho Russian squadron in the ISlaok Sea is again be- coming formidable '* Hig Ben" has been broken up. Ho was lowered the other day from tho massive framework which supported him in tho corner of Puluce-vard, and laid upon his side on tho ground. In this petition tho great weight of tho lie.id of tho bell caused it to sink into the earth, so as to leave its mouth, instead of being completely vertical, slightly inclined upwards, yawning like nu enormous cavern. On the framework nbovo a hull of iron weigh- ing 24 cn-', was hoisted to a height of about 30 feet, and .mllered to fall with nil its weight U|ion poor Ren. Donn dime the mast in tho inside of the sound bow, and with a bellow Ben ¿¡aided uti tho ghost-two pieces, one of aliont a ton, and one ol' somo 10 awi. or 12 out. being knocked clean out of his sido. After tho first blow the nork of destruction went on tapidly. The fragments were all carted away to the foundry where the moial is to be re-cast. DECAY OF FAHIMKS.-- A Duchess de Saint Simon ii a femme de minaqe at Uelleville. The heir of the last Doge of Venice Is a perfumer at Saint Denis. The toy » of Venice, gilt with caro, confided to tho hereditary keel- ing of tho family, roposo beneath a glass shado on tho mantel-piece in "his back shop. Tho Cuptal do Buch, ii utiii|up title, ono of tho noblest in France, is a little actor on little wages at the little theatro of Beaumarchais ¡ and tho grand-daughter ot a Duchess de San Soverino work*, by tho day at a fashionablo milliner's.- Courf Journal. ' SUICIDE or A FRKSCU SEXTI.VBL AT nis POST.-The occupants of the Palais du Luxembourg were alarmed on Saturday night at hearing tho report of a fire-arm as the clo^'k was striking twelve ; and, on some of thom going to tho spot from which the report came, it was found that a soldier named Bonnefoy, of the 4th regiment, on duly as a sentinel at tho post of the senate, had blown out bis brains with his musket. His reason for tho act wai not known. AN UQI.T LOT.-One hundred and fifty-seven unhappy mnriied people have applied fordivoroo at Cincinnati np to theStli ¡nat. A ronorter say»:-"Eailyinthomorn- ing the court room was thronged aith those ill-matched pairs, who looked anything else but lovingly towards one another. Fron us disfigured the face whore smiles should have been, and tho>e who should havo walked Imnd-in hand ndowo tho pathway of lifo until thoy reached the shotcs of otermty, took their seats as far remove«! from each other as possible. They thought itrontami nating oven to sit in the same room together, and when- ever their evos chanced to meet they flashed-not forth the fire of love, but that of hate deep and lasting." American Press. PHBNOMKNA ATTKNDISO THE LUNAR ECLIPSE. - At Rrssseli, on Saturday night-, the eclipso «as accurately observed by several English philosophers. It was attended by a very remarkable appearanoe, which Dr. Forster said was wholly inexplicable on any laws of natural philosophy with which he was acquainted. Tho moment before contact, » small dusky spot api-earod on the moon's surface, and during the whole of the eclipse, a reddish brown fringe or penumbra projected al*ovo the shadow of the earth. Another thing, »till more remark- able, was tlio apparent irregularity of the edge of tho ahadow. Three persons, ouo of them an astronomer, «ere. witness«» of these curious photiommiu, which no law of refraction, they think, can in any way explain.--Leeds Mercury, STOCK F,XCHASOK JKST.-A joke is. not uncommon among the genus stockbroker. It varies the monotony of the Sharo List; the outside jobbers aro generally the butts of inner exchango wit, and such operators aro hero culled " courtiers marrons," The new gi ovo outside tho Bourse is the subject of bets whether it will bud and blossom in April, and largo sums aro staked on the per- formance of the horse chesnut trees, which are in French nailed " Marroniors." Ono ajçont de chango olfors 10,000 francs If ho can seo hanging Irom the branches any num- ber of tho troo's natural fruit, " Les (courtiers) marrons." -Paris Letter. It appoars from au olabo-ato statement of the failures n tho United States during 1857, issuod hy Messrs. Tappam and M'Killop, Unit, «,0"2 nore recorded on their books, ot whiuli number 741 were failures from which no assets would arise, or of a fraudulent charautcr. Thq amount of the liabilities amounted to 281,38%000 dollars, or £50,407,000, of which tho Kutitltifo* ot total and frau- dulent failure» wore 10,110,400 dollars, or about £.1,822,01)0, It is calculated that the dividends upon the whole will amount to 40 eeuls. por dollar, und tho total loss by the failures during 1857 will amount to about 170,000,000 dollars, or about £»4,000,000. 'flint aniout is entirely independent of the losses by the failure of banks, or tho indebtedness of rail- ways, or by the depreciation In tho value of commodités, tho prtol of which would bo considered fabulous by tho majority ol' persons, It is something to bo able to truco aeuratoiy tho losRes of persons otigugod in trade, mid the total, it must be confessed, is somothing astounding, although its acoitrooy cannot bo doubled. ORIQM of BUI.I.-FIOIITINO-Largo estates, full of wild oattlo, woro originally, in Spain, the primary canso of tho custom of buTl-llgliting. This cunno, in tenfold magnitude, is still in uutivo operatiou in Moxico. There men havo to leam, from their earliest years, how to mnnago wild cattle, and to avoid thoir dungorous attuuks, during tho prooess of catching and killing them. H is natural that the bolder mon Bhould, by constant practice am} trials of all kinds, ralso their daily occupation to a kind of urt. Their companions will (look to witness thoir tenta, and tho cattle-driver beoome a forrsro. How natural it is in a people to bo fond of witnessing foats of skill and boldnoss In on art so perfectly nkln to thoir dally occupation ! - Atula : Travels in Mexico and Guatemala, By Von Temsky. THE HAPPY FAMILT.-Conversing with tho proprietor of the "Happy Family," whioh stands at Waterloo Bridge, London, I was informod that this exhibition had ibionin his family upwards of tl|lrvy years ¡ and* that tho modo ho got tho animals to agrco was by placing always young ones in the .cage in the piuco of those who died. Tho'tmgpioïvns <tlw patriaron, of thooagot he had lind Ulis bird five years, hopping «bout and obattertng. Tho noxt to the magpie was the starling . ha lind boon ii) the enge two voar«. Ho left all tho creatures in. the cage .ióg'ether regülurlv ev»ry night- owl«, cat», rabbits, Jack daws, dogs, *ó. ¡ nut ho »'nu obliged always 'to take the mOnkcv out and. put hlmip » difloient pinch, ho was so "them monkoy» is awful blackguard» 1"-Buckland's | Curiositiss of Natural History. _ A French chemist has investigated tho poisonous prin- ciple in the oleander, with à view to discover its medi- cinal properties. This tree growa abundantly in Algiers and in Spuin. During the Peninsular war many deaths ooourred in Marshal Suchet'» division from poison, owing, OB waa reported, to the men having roosted their meat on oleander splta at oleander fires. Tun IXJUHIOUS EFFECTS OF NEW TYPE.-It is well known, say» the Pari» correspondent of tho Morning Advertiser, that new typo has a very injurious effect on the fingers, und that child ron especially, employed in sorting it in the foundrios very often lose tho uso of them. The, (7nion _ Medicate relates the following recont oase o paralysis caused hy handling now type :-A compositor aged thirty-nine, in perfect health, was provided somo timo ago with a new fount. He had scarcely used it for a week, when ho found his wrist become weaker and weaker ; the skin ol tim thumb, index, and middlo finger was worn off at tho tips, and in a lew days more he had completely lost the use of his hand. His modical adviser, Dr. Salter, rightly attributed this disorder to tho poisonous effects of tho lead contained in the typo, caused iii m to bathe his hand several times a day, each time for the space of threo hours, in a solution'of sulphurot of ,potassjum. This local remedy effected a completo cure in the course of eight days without the aid of any other medicine. SmANOi: TREATMENT OF A CHILD.-An inquest, ex- tending over threo days, has just been held on the body of n child only thirteen months old, son of the vvelf knoivn David Urquhart, who now resides at Riverside, Kickmnusworth. Tho deceased, it appears, was first subjected to a vapour bath at Lythatn, Lancashire, und is said to liavo become quito strong. Foiling ill, it was folded in a wet blanket, hot, and was accidentally scalded. It was then put into a bath, the temperatura ot which runged from 100 to 140 degrees, and on some days tho iinlortnnuto child waa suffered to remain there for six or seven hours, '. being takon out at times to cool." SomotimoB cold water was poured, and sometimes pumped ou its head, which treatment it is said to havo enjoyed. It used to be placed nuked in a box in the sitting room, and kopt therefrom the timo it got up until it went to bed. When it went out it wore a slight holland dress only. On tho morning of its doath it had, as usual, been placed in the hot bath, and token out'to cool, when it was seized with convulsivo fits, and died. The jury deemed the evideuco unsatisfactory as to the cause of death, and severely consured the treatment of the deceased.-Ero, March 7. Malta letters furnish an account of a curious inter- chango of oivilitios between Osman Boy, of Tripoli, a very sensible old Turk, who has but' one wife, and u party of English ladies and gontlemen. Tho ship Wan- derer, then tit Malta, having been ordered to visit Tri- poli, our fellow-countrymen thought it afnvouniblo op- portunity to go and have a look at tho place' The Boy, on his part, was very glad to see them, und did his best to moke thom comfortablo.' Ho was especially polite to tho ladies, and took one of them in his own carriage to a pio-nic, to the' mingled astonishment and horror of all true belierois in the Frophet, On parting with his uuesta, moreover, he presented the fair infido! referred to with n beautiful cream-coloured Arab pony. 