'ON THE PAYMENT OF DEBTS. (? Sermons by Dtiio, fun.) If ye aro lionost, lionoiablo men, 'Go to aiul— 'pay tuetiuxter. — Anow. My Hearers — There are many seeming trifles in this world which you are apt to overlook on ac count of their unimportance, the neglect of which' lias plunged thousands into the deepest mire of misery, and sunk their characters into inextricable degradation. Among these ostensible trifles that of neglecting to pay one's honest debts is themost common, and attended with the worst of conse ?quences. It takes off all the silken furze from : the fine threads of feeling — creates a sort of mis anthropic coldness about the heart — skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon tlie milk ?of generosity — and makes man look as savagely ?upon his brother man as does a dog upon one of his species while engaged in tlie gratifying em ployment of eating his master's dinner. One debt begets another. I have always observed that he 'who owes a man a dollar is sure to owe him also a ?grudge ; and lie. is always more ready to pay com pound interest on the latter than on the former. ! ?Oh, my 'friends, to be over head and ears in love is as bad a predicament as a person ought ever to be in-; but to be so deeply in debt that you can't sleep at nights without being haunted by the ghost of somo insatiate creditor, is enough to give a man the hydrophobia — make him bite a wheel-1 barrow — cause it to run mad, and create a genoral . consternation among the lamp- posts. My dear friends — the debt that sits heaviest on the conscience of a mortal — provided he has one — -is the debt due tiie printer. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the nightmare — ?galls the soul — frets and chafes every ennobling ?sentiment — squeezes all the juice of fraternal sympathy from the heart, and leaves it drier than the surface of a roasted potatoe. A man who ?wrongs the printer out of a single cent can - never expect to enjoy comfort in this world, and ! may well have doubts of finding happiness in any other. He will be sure to go down to his grave ere Time lias Tjedecked his brow with the silvery ; blossoms of age ; and the green leaves of Hope ?will fall before the first bud of enjoyment has ex panded. It is true the mushrooms of peace will , spring up during a sliort night of forgetfulness, tut they will all wither beneath the scorching rays ?of remorse. How can you, my friends, ever have the wickedness and cruelty to cheat the printer, when you consider how much he has done, and is ; doing every day for you. He has poured into the ; treasures of your minds some of the most valuable i gifts anything sliort of a God can bestow ?; ay, ' riches with which you would not part for the, possession of the whole world and a mortgage on a small corner of heaven. With the keys of ; magic, as it were, he has opened the iron-cased : tloors of the human understanding — dispelled the darkness of ignorance, and lit up the lamps of knowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine — \ the Press — is surrounded by the glory, aud its effulgence extends all over the broad empire of the , mind, illuminating the darkest avenues of the : heart : and yet, the printer — the man who toils at the lever of this soul enlightening instru ment — is often robbed of his hard-earned bread by those whom he has delivered from mental bondage, and placed in a paradise to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labors 1 Oh, you ungrateful sinners ! If ye liave hearts J moistened with the dews of mercy, instead of giz \ zards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto ' you. If there be one among you in this congre gation whose account is not settled with the 'm: PRINTER, go and adjust it immediately, and be able to hold your head up in society like a giraffe ; I be respected by the wise and the good — free from f the tortures of a guilty conscience — and escape j from falling into tho dutches of licensed thieves, !|S; the lawyers. If you are honest and honorable f i men, you will go forth and PAY the printer. ''I You wall not wait for the morrow — because there : is no to-morrow ; it is but a visionary receptacle i|j'. for unredeemed promises — an addeed egg in the ll' great nest of the future — the debtor's hope and 1 the creditor's curse. If you are dishonest, low minded sons of Satan, I don't suppose you will I i ever pay the printer, as long as you liave no ! reputation to lose — no character to sustain — and no morals to cultivate. But let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it, your path to the tomb will be strewn with thorns — you will have to gather your daily food from brambles — your chil dren will die of dysentry, and you yourselves will never enjoy the blessings of health. I once called on a sick persons whom the doctors had given up M as a gone case. I asked him if he had made his ' 1 ! peace with his Maker ? He said he thought he i . had squared up. I enquired if he had forgiven ' ' all his enemies? He replied, yes. I then asked if he had made his peace with his printer ? He hesitated for a moment, and then said he believed he owed him something like two dollars and fifty i; cents, which he desired to have paid before he said good-bye to the worid. His desire was im mediately gratified ; and from that moment he be came convalescent. ' He is now living in the enjoyment of health and prosperity — at peace with his own conscience, his God, and the whole world. Let this be an example to you, my friends. Patronise the printer ; take the papers ; pay for them in advance ; and your days will be long upon the earth, and overflowing with the honey of happiness. My hearers ! pay all your debts and keep an honorable reckoning with your fellow men ; but, above all keep paying by instalments that everlast ing debt of gratitude which you owe to Him i: from whom you obtain capital sufficient to begin the first transaction of life; so that when you come to balance accounts at the day of general settlement, all things may appear fair and above board ! So mote it be ! ',i ! ?. ; 