~"~muimt OF WJ SOUTH WALK 8-1 .MiLEGISIAWEi ÇapNCIL. ,' ,," ",.,..t,", . fxnATtlltojIurMm*. ( ¡,,/' ltfál^^>*^A,afr^Mu^ P«tc4 ,im. j t jUiírÍs^ricrT(>R-<}73tíEBA£ laid ¡ripon the table a report for, nlshed by Mr. Gregor* to the Cqlqtilal Secretary, relative to a re eent Exploring Expedition Into the interior of the colony, \n searoh of the remain«"of Drlldohhordt. . ' .wT1 i,T -, . »OTICES. ,/ ' Mr, WI9I'f>ve notice of his Intention, ria ' Wednesday next, to »owiw.s'snroenalon of certain rules made by tho fudges of the flap^» OoWi'imdfr ¡the 30th Victoria, No/15, being an Aot to give relief to person« bavin» claims against the Government. . jfr, KAACET ¿»ye notice that ho should,'Onïridà* next, move c ' lotTävstdbringtaabuTfor the appointment of a fourth Judge to be resident at Sydney. < , ! MESSAGES. The PRESIDENT announced to the House that a message had 'la received from the Legislative Assembly returning SlUttoa'« Trust Bill,1 without amendments. The PRESIDENT also announced that & message had been re-.' aelved from tbo Legislative Assembly) returning .'the Aet Shorten ,ttt tut Amendment Bill, and requesting the conoarrenoe of 'the 1 ' 'Oomieil In the amendment« thorcln mado by the Assembly. On thWnotion or Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, those amendment* wire ordered to be taken into consideration on Wednesday next. PÍWCEEDING8 IN EQUITY FACILITATION'BILL. ' . Sir ALFRED BTEP/TTV stated that he felt somewhat cmbarJ rassed in addressing hlm-elf to tho moving of the third reading of the Proceedings in Equity Facilitation Bill, not being quito aware of .thexourse likely to be adopted by certain hon. members or .wat House, in deference to who«o express doslro ho had hitherto forborne to move tho third reading of tho bill. This postponement ' ,l*e, had himself agreed to, being desirous himself to know what would be the fate of a measure connected with this bill in another place; and considering that euch a postponement was tho most " Tsepectfal courso tobo adopted as regarded another branch of the Legislature. At the «amo timo when ho did so, however, he had not thought it possible that that would have taken place whioh actually had occurred with respect to tho measure alluded to. As nattere however stood, it would bo desirable that he should ncrw iM'lnformod what was tho feeling of thoso members, in deference to who** I suggestion the third reading of tai« bill had been hitherto stood ovor. This bill was originally proposed be . Hin, a* things then wore, there was no alternativo mode of pro eewlagislequlty. Tbc present system wasons nth* carrying out of which there wero many serious disunities. The bill ailudea to" waa intended, as the Houso was aware, to enable tho Supreme Court to relieve itself from an accumulation of equity ' business! by handing over all snob, businoss to a Judge whoso «pedal duty it would have been to hear and determine in suoh ment was not yet favourably considered, and tho moro so as the provisions of tho Proceedings in Equity Facilitation Bill were rounded opon the supposition that there would be a fourth Judgo appointed, lit wa« not poaslblo for any three men to disehargo all tho duty now east upon tho thrco Judges. For himself, he felt bound to state that he could not himself, with any proper regard to bl« health,.undertake to do moro than ho did at present. No Judge was now exoluslvoly pet apart for equity business, and the «y«tem Jroposod could not bo satisfactorily carried out-tho having two udges for common law and one for equity. Suoh a Îilan would only needlessly causo distress, Inconvenience, and in ustice to suitor«. Tho interest« of ODO class of suitors certainly ought not to be set aside in favour of that of another olat*. With , >th**e*onaiderationshehad.noobjootlonto move that the Hon** allow this bill to he read a third timo. Mr, PENNINGTON »oconded tho motion. jar. oLAaju supporter» mo vniru rcaaing or vus oui, ana came forward the more readily to do so as tho hon. and learned member had referred to those members at whoso lnstanco the third read- ing of thl« measure had been postponed for tho reasons stated. He (Mr. Blake) was ono of those members, and he hld recom- mended the course wbloh had been adopted, beoauso fully por i enaded that no one of the threo Judges could doróte himself en- tirely to the equity business in tho Supreme Court a» things stood at irreaent. Somo portion of the equity business, now unavoidably in arrear, might he had thought hays beon dtsposod of by rule .iii,-bat that necessity did not any longer exist. The reason» for which he bad been anxious to have the third reading of this bill postponed were no more to be considered, as they no longer existed, no begged to state, therefore, that ho wa» entirely In favour of the third reading of the bill, In the provisions of which ho most heartily concurred. It was a matter of regret to him, as to tho bon. member who spoke last, that the measure referred to, as under oonsidoratipn elsewhere, had not been pasted. Ho feared that sufficient weight might not been attached to the grounds of the evidenoo taken before tho committee. Perhaps even that evidence had not been read [Tho President here reminded the speaker that ho could not comment noon paper» not within tbe cogniranco of tho House ] It had been objected that only lawyers had been called anon to glvo evi- dence on that occasion, but ho considered that did not by any means invalidate the effect of their opinion on a purely pro- fessional matter. Who so likely to know what was the nature and ?tate of tho Supreme Court business as members of that profession who were there from day to day concerned in the administration of Hoitioc ! Tho opinion of persons who had no knowledge of, or ex- perience in, a question of this technical nature would bo worse than asolees. Such parties would do well to confino their suggestions and advice to matters of detail, in which their own peculiar pro ietaioni and avocations were more Immediately concerned. The , establishment of District Courts, usoful a» that measure might prove, would not, as somo supposed, prevent Supremo Court busi- ness from accumulating with the present strength of tho bench there. Important questions were brought on for decision at tho ' Supreme Court, whioh could not be disposed of byanylowor court, and eertainlv the facility with which »uah decisions I could be arrived at would bo increased if the mean» for their . disposal were diminished. He was happy to observe that a notico I had been that evening given of intention to Introduce a bill for the , appointment of a fourth Judgo for Equity badness ; and he i trusted that, whatever should bo the ultimate fate of that mea- sure, the Houso in deillng with it, would do its duty. Ho oor i dially supportod the third reading of this bill. (The bill wa» thon read a third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly, requesting tho concur -renee of that House therein TRUSTEES' AND DIRECTORS' FRAUDS* PREVENTION BILL On the order of the day being callod for the further considera- tion In eoarmltteo of this bill, Sir ALFRED STEPHEN said that, looking to the other busi- ness on the paper, it mlgh, bo more convoniont that this oruer should bo allowed to stand over until Wednesday next. The further consideration of the bill wa» postponed ac- cordingly. BOARD OF NATIONAL EDUCATION BILL. Mr. HOLDEN moved flat tho President do leave tho chair, and that the Houso resolve itself into a committee of the whole, for the consideration of the Legislative Assembly's amendments on this bill. The House went into committee accordingly, and the amend- ments were agreed to without remark, on which tho House re- turned, and tho Chairman, having reported that the committeo had agreed to the amendments, a message to that effect was ordered to be transmitted to the Assembly. PYRMON1 BRIDGE COMPANY'S BILL. The80LICITOR-GENERAL moved tho third reading of thl» W11. Mr. PENNINGTON seconded tho motion. Mr. DEAS THOMSON said, he dtd not intend to opposo the third reading, but it had been stated that on application had neon made hy this Company to the Govern- ment whioh, if acceded to, would have tho effect of conferring upon them the monopoly of tho buildings erected as public abattoirs, and he did hopo that tho Government would not consent to give such a monopoly to any Individual, or to any eompsny. The bill was read a third timo and pissed, GOVERNMEVT RAILWAYS BILL. The SOLICITOR GtNtllU, moved the second reading or this bill. He did not think it necessary to detain the House with any lengthened arguments in support ol it, as it would, he thought, be eufnolent for him to repeat what ho had sold on a former occasion, namely, that thl» bill was the same as that whioh had before patted this Houso, with the exception of ono clause to which ho had then adverted. Mr. PENNINGTON seconded tho motion. I Mr. WISE would not oppose tho motion, but as he might not be in the House when tho bill was going through committee, he thought It right to point out what appeared to bira to be deficiencies In the measure. Ho was of opinion that no discretion should be left to the Government, or rather to the Commissioner of Railways, at to prices to be charged te different parties, that the Commissioner should not have tho power of charging one set of carriers, 6d., \- and another la. Another deficlcnev he thought was, the absence >of protection to the public, In referenco to damage to property entrusted to railways. In England railway companies had had stereotyped contracts which persons wero called upon to sign, and by which the liability of the companies wa» limited, «ntil at length Parliament found It necessary to step In and pat na end to the system. If this had been found necessary In England, where there were competing railways, how much more necessary was it that protection should be afforded to tho publio hero, where there would bo but ono raliway t Dr. DOUGLASS supported the second reading of the bill. Ho thought any amendments might be made in commltee. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said that the suggestions of hi» honorable and learned friend should have his best consideration. iTho bill waa read a second time, and it» consideration In com- mittee of tho whole fixed for Wednesday next. ELECTORAL LAW AMENDMENT BILL. On tho order of the day being called for tho resumption of the debate on this measure, Mr. BLIGH said, that although It was not his intention to occupy the House at any very considerable length, yet ho was unwilling to allow this debate to clo«o without making a few observations, and giving his reasons for the course he Intended to Sursne, namely, to support the bill. Ho was the moro disposed to o Mi because, in pn-vious portions of the debato, It had boen asserted that no necessity had arisen, or existed, for a measure of electoral reform. Now non. members who denied that there wa» tuob a necessity, who »aid that thoro had been no eall from the people of the colony for such reform, must bave Bhut their eyes and ear» to all that had passod out of doors since the pusing of tho first Eleetoral Bill, and of the Constitution Aot. There bad not been an olection since at which tho question of electoral reform had not been canvassed between theeleotonand the can- didates who asked their suffrages. The necessity of electoral reform had been carlj brought u ider tho notice of Parliament itself-bytho very first minister who met a parliament hero. The first reform effcotcdwas tho repeal of the two-third» clause, and that was looked on as a mero prelude to larger reform», and to advert to what had taken place in this very House, ho would refer honorable member» to the »peech of his Excellenoy tho Governor-General, in whioh ho in- timated the intention of bringing forward suoh a measure, and the reply of tho House, In which thoy distinctly admitted that the necessity for reform did exist-and It could only be supposed that they were therefore prepared to entertain it. They had distinctly talented to the proposition tbat thoro was a necessity for an in- crease in the members of the Assembly, and an extension of the franchise. Again, Jie country was calling loudly for the settle- ment of tho land question, ano It waa admitted nn ntl h«*.*. <>>.» thl« question could not bo settled until a radical reform had been effected in tho Constitution. The necessity for reform bad arisen from the imperfections of tho Electoral Bill of 1851, and of the Constitutional Act, wh oh embodied the principio of that bill which wa* universally admitted to have boen passed in opposition to the sense of the community. (Hear, hear. " No, No.") He maintained that it was so, and there could be no stronger proof of Ibis than the fact that the very first step taken by the promoters of that measure wa« to propose alterations in it, in order to cnablo them to keep their places. (Hear, hear.) The great defects in thsse Acts rendered reform absolutely necessary-and the first, great defect was that a vastly preponderating influence was given to one particular class over all others-he need not say that he meant tbe squatters. (Hear, hear.) This was the ona and only favoured class (No, no). That aot, he repeated, had been passed In direct opposition to tho sense of the community, and it wa« well known that at tho time of It* passing strong excitement prevailed on the subleot, and the most earnest attempts were made to prevent ita pasting ; petition», meet numerously and respectably signed, were pre .anted against It, And here he would take occasion to express hi* regret at the manner In which these petition« had been cha ?ractertsed, as appeared from an extract read from a book last «light by the, honorable and learned member opposite. He " thought it most disgraceful that the petitioners should hare been woturacteritad. if the honorable member looked around bim, he would see genflttnen in this house who took an active part »gainst . that measure-he would find many also in the Assembly-and they were to be called rabble and mob orators forsooth because they opposed the iniquitous measure. If petitions were to be treated with such contempt how was the peace of the country to be maintained ? People would not content themselves with petitioning only, if their petitions were so treated, but he was nappy to say that he knew that tho country did not believe that their petitions would be so treated, they felt that In the end they must prevail, and therefore there was no danger to society. MrÄrte be termed rabble. and mob orators. He should support this mea i tureSibeoau»* fhe waatrfropteton that» «-would tuve^e Wfcot of breaking down the predominant class, and- because he believed that until there,was a fairer distribution of representation, the land question could never be satisfactorily adjusted. Such were the im- portant remits whioh' he anticipated ' from this (measure, and although ,he jnight not agree with all it» details, he preferred giving up hi» own opinion on soms points rather than offer any opposition, which might'Bndanger it» pissing into law. 'He did not attach »o mnoh importance a» had- been byothers to the manhood suffrage clause. Its effect would bo to give votos to servants, but ho did not think this would increase democracy. On the contrary,''ho believed 'that the servants in all oises would be found voting with; Or for their masters. It bad beetf argued that this measufe wa» opposed to tho principies of the British Constitution. It was stated that that Constitution wa« based on a representation of interests : If that was the theory of tho constitu- tion, it had failed signally tn practice. What was tho »tate of the representation before the pissing of the Reform Bill t The boroughs, according to theory, representing tho commercial interests, were in reality occupied by the mere nominees of the Peers-of the nobles of the land, and it was 'only by the extension of these 'boroughs iatr/electoral districts, andthe addition to them of neigh- bouring rrillages, that they became really what In theory only they 'were before Ho should not occupy tho time of tho i House any longer. Ho did not anticipate that there would bo any op- position to the second reading, and his own desire was that the bill should pass, because he believed It would be productivo of i immense benefit. He did not wish for a measure to pall down one class in order to setup another.. On tho contrary, howat opposed ,to all class legislation, and he hoped that the Honte would feel it It» duty-and ho doubted It not-to pass suoh a measure as would acouro the general benefit of the community. i Mr. A'JÎECKETT : Notwithstanding the great length of time occupied alroady in debate upon the measure before tbe~Hdu»e, and notwithstanding the very fall and able manser in which the arguments of han. members had been put forward, ho deemed it his duty to occupy the 'attention of the House for a short period. He might state at the outset that he was strongly opposed to tho material principies of tho bill. These were the principles of manhood suffrago and vote by ballot. Notwithstanding this, however, he would not oppose the second reading; of the bill. He felt the less reluctance in adopting this course, because that ho wa» ready to admit that there wore some good principles in the bill. Ho had also too mach confidence in tho patriotism, the intelligence, and independence of the House, 'to have any fear that, while they retained whatever was good and useful, they would unhesitatingly and decidedly whatever In tho bill they might deem was detrimental to the Interesta of the country. (Hoar, hoar.) With reforonco to tho manhood suffrage otiuso, as ho said before, ho was opposed to it. But while stating this he was aware, that the supporters of the whole meosure were In the habit of stigmatising all those who were opposed to It, as tho oppressors of tho working classes, and the enemies of liberty. That this was so. ho regretted, but it had no weight whatever with him, as ho looked upon all suoh charges as savouring very much of cant. He thought It would be very readily admitted that ho was one not likely to deny tho claims of the working classes, indeed ho was ono of tho last against whom suoh a charge could apply, and In proof of this ho might stato that for the last thirty years ho had been connected wjth the chief In- stitution of the country that had for its object the elevation and advaneemont of the working classes. He alludcd.to the Sydnoy Mechanics' School of Arts. Ho had always honoured nnd'estcemed all those who were connected with labour ; he respected and valued the humblest artisan whose Industry and Intelligence- rendered him worthy of respect and esteem. Therefore, to say that he, or those who were opposed to these two clauses, were the enemies of the people and of liberty, was equally vain and absurd. It was becnuse ho entertained a high opinion of labour and of tho la Jus triona working man, that ho was unwilling to grant the privilege of tho suffrage -tho privilege which was claimed and exercised by the Industrious and intelligent working classes -that it should be bestowed upon the dissolute, the depraved, and the debauched, for to this class of persons the bill, as It at present stood, extended tho prirllego of tho franchise. Another great objection he entortalned to the elause was that It tended to disgust tho educated and Intelligent men of the community, and to prevent their attending or taking part in elections altogether. He did not mean to say that was a good or wt»e rcsutt for men to como to, but In the presont state of human feelings It would be tho Inevitable result. That thl« was the result of the manhood- suffrage principle In America ho would be able to prove from a few extracts ho would read to tho House. He would quote from the writings of an American, well able to enter upon tho subject, Orville Dewey, who says with respect to voting In America : » I do not demand of any' one, that he should bo an eager and noisy politician, I 'only demand that ho should voto; that he should, no matter how quietly, thus express MB interest and Uko his share In the commonweal-thus assume, what he professes to prize so highly, the privilege and duty of self- government. But I am obliged to say, and I hardly know whether It is with greater mortification or tho more profound concern, that the very person« among ua who aro most apt to neglect this duty, I are the very persons most of all bound to fulfil It-I mean - the rich - and the educated. It is a statement moat fearful in ita bearing on the prospect« of tho country, but it is truo. I do not deny that many of both classe« are found at their post», when their country calls upon them. But tboro are rich men, who are too much engrossed with their business to givo their vote -too much ongroiaed with gain to attend to their duty ; or who, perchance, aro too fastidious to cx poio their persons amidst the throng at the polls. And there aro educated men, who are so much disgusted with party strifes, that they will have nothing to do with thom. They give them up, as they scornfully say, to demagogues and brawlers; and so very simple are these senalble and refined persons, that they do not seem to perceive when they «ay this, that thoy aro giving up their country to demagogues and brawlers. Te«, their country I And hero it Is, too, on the very side where it most needs support, that its legitimate defenders on that side arc opening their rank« to the onset and the rushing crowd of popular Ignorance and party violence. " Fools and blind ! '-would it be said, should they be overwhelmed by that crowd-'that did not perceive that they too had interest« at stake-that-very property, that very repose, which they so much valued. For when the crowd come, what did . it find! Not good and manly citixens at their post ; but only cer- tain moneychangers in their counting-houses, or silken loungers in drawing- rooms, or certain learned monks in their cloisters ! ' I do not fear any such ' violent and Vandal Incursion of popular ignorance and passion ; and yet if anything 1» to overwhelm the country it will bo this. . If there i« any one thing more to be feared than any other-any one overshadowing peril to our political institution«, it is that numerical force will overbalance tho intellectual and moral . «trongth of tho country. I say again, that I do not fear it-ex- cept with that fear which bringeth safety. I do not fear it, be- cause I trust that events aro teaching intelligent and educated men their duties ; and becauso I believe that into the numerical force, otherwise so much to be dreaded, there is a constantly in creasing, and will be a still larger infusion of, intelligence. Not insidious, perhaps, from temporary cause«, but in tho country at largo. But if it shall bo otherwise, ir population is to outstrip education, if numbers, and not principles, ero to bo the watch words and war-cries of party, and tho governing powers of the state, the dreaded resnlt is Inevitable." This writer showed that tho effect of manhood suffrago was to prevent many of tho most eduoated and intelligent persons in the 1 community from recording their vote« at elections. The argument that the people wore clamorous for this institution was he thought an entirely fallacious one, and for his own part ho did not believe It. He thought there was no demand for it beyond the 1 sphere of mero party politician«. (Hear, hear.) If, how , ever, such an argument was to have any weight, It must be proved that this particular class of people always 1 clamoured for those things which were best for themselves, and . best for the country, which he could not yet admit. Then there was tho claim of equality of rights, which was often advanced and argued. Now he, for one, cou'd not admit the principle of equality of right« to the extent embraced by these party politi- cians. No doubt there wcro rights to the enjoyment and exercise 1 of which all were equally entitled. There was the freedom of opinion, a very glorious privilege to enjoy indeed. Bnt certainly he 1 could not concede the right to all to enjoy privilege« which might bo reasonably expected would bo exorcised to the prejudice of the 1 country. He would now proceed to the consideration of the ballot. 1 And here ho wonld take the opportunity of saying that what ho considered the most unfavourable part of tho debate, wa« what he regarded as the extreme indifference whian hod been shown by 1 hon. members to tbo«e principle«-the lukowarmness with whloh they treated the subject of voto by ballot. The principle had not 1 been supported by its advocates bv any arguments worthy for a moment of the attention of tho House. The hon. and learned mover of tho bill himself expressed his opposition to the ballot, while its supporters based their arguments on an assumed ex Sedicncy which had no weight whatever. As to the bon. member Mr. Deas Thomson) who had spoken BO forcibly in answer to the ¡on. and learned Solicitor-General, and in whose arguments ho almost entirelyconcurred, especially when ho (Mr. Deas Thomson) spoke of tho glory of tho British constitution, when tho hon. member was upon that subjeot he (Mr. A'Beckett) could not help wishing that he had romombcrcd at the moment that tho ballot was not one of the principles of the British constitution. He could not help regretting that a gentleman of the honorable member's experience and influence should not on this subject have still retained tho opinions and feelings of his 1 earlier years. One of the speakers-the honorable and learned member, Mr. Who-touched upon the Bubjeot, but so lightly, that he must Bay that he felt disappointed at It. With the sole exception of tho honorable and learned member, Mr. Norton, none of the speakers opposed to the ballot had thought it worth their while to refer to this question in an earnest manner. It appeared that the «apporter« of the ballot supported it mainly on the prinoiplo of expediency. If thoy did so, the principio was a wrong and an nnsound one, and no argumont of expediency could justify it. Ho contended that any prinoiplo which admitted secrecy for tho purpose merely of enabling a maa to do that which was right, but whloh ho was afraid to do openly, was in itself wrong. This was the only nttempt at argument advanced by the supporters of the ballot olauso. Thoy complain tharwa certain olas« of porson«, of limited mean«, wcro afraid to vote in opposition to the wishes of thoso of more ampio means-that they were afraid, and dared not to express their opinions openly, or openlv to vote against the candidato favoured by their richer neighbour» or employers. Upon this the whole of tho argument» of tho supporters of the clause were founded, and it was for the benefit - the sole benefit of this alas* of person« thoy asked for vote by ballot. Ho confessed he felt no sympathy with this ola«« of persons. He looked upon this plea of expediency to protect party cowardice from the alleged tyranny of a few, as tho most degrading and cantcmptiblo prin- cipio that could bo introduced Into a country. It was, in faot, hoowing disrespect to the general body of tho electors of the coun- try. Thore was another very serious objection to the ballot. One objection, not frequently Insisted on, WOB that it took away all legi- timate influence from those to whom the lower orders wero wont to look up to for advice and counsel in pnblio matter». There were a large number of persons in every community who, from their . peculiar poslüen in aoolety, had no timo or opportunity to inquire into the qualification» of tho respective candidates ' who carno before them, and who naturally looked to those to whom they were accustomed to look to for advloo in other matter». This Influence would bo completely done away by the ? ballot, and this wa« one of his most serious objections to the ballot. 1 Again, if the ballot was required for the protection of this par- ticular elans of nrr«T,« ?" ~i,T - r-->.. J I.-*-* « r_- ~ .. ..uu. .usiiuui min uuu maul, uo 1 would like to know why other classe» should be deprived of it. If tbii House was to becomo an electivo body, a« they were told It would become- that it was but a question of time-then tho morn , bera of the House might demand to havo tho ballot for their pro- tection. For, supposing a bill was brought in for the purpose of imposing a heavy tax upon the sale of spirits, a business in which a large number of voters were engaged, the elected members of that House would no doubt like to shield themselves under the protection of tho ballot in supporting Buch a bill. No doubt if it was said that any hon. member of that House would be afraid to vote openly on suoh a measure, he would bo insulted, and so ho maintained that to say votera under the present syatem were afraid to vote according to their con 1 »dence» wa» on ln«ult to the whole body of the cleotors of the 1 colony. He hoped hon. members would seriously consider this 1 question before they introduced auch a principle into a young country like this. He looked upon this clause as the most im- portant one of the bill, and he thought also that it would bave a 1 worse effect than manhood suffrage itself. A great deal had been »sid about America as a country of independence and freedom, and no doubt there were many things for which America might be 1 justly admired, but her independence waa not one of them, on that point no-greater mlitake could be entertained. He would ' trouble tho House with an extract from the author be had pre . viooaly quoted. Dewey says 1 "But we, In this country, have our own dangers. And th* 1 greatest of all danger* here, as I conceive, is that of general pusil 1 unimtty, of moral cowardice, or losing a proper and manly inde pendenc* of character. I think that I see something of this in oar very manners, in the hésitation, tho indirectness, the cautious and > circuitous modes of speech, the eye asking, aesent betöre the tongue ' can finish Ita sentence. I think that in other countries you oftener 1 meet with men, who «tand manfully andi boldly, np, and deliver . their opinion without »«king or caring what yon or othes*, think. aboutir. It »My tometimM.berough and harsh; but at tay rate, It It Independent: ¡Ob»»Vve, too, In how many relations, poll Heal, rellgioni.'anfl toola], a saan it liable'to find bondage instead of freedom. If he pa'ty," 'and4 then I Mt .eye*' extrait > be' »-aealed tai Winaneia, and bit Ups In alienee, totwrdt all the fault* of ho party. He may have hit eve» open, and he may lee much to con- demn, bat he must toy nothing. Ulf he edits la'-newtpaper, bis choleéis often between bondage and beggary : that may'actually be the choice, though he does not know it ; be may be Isa com- plete a »levo that he does not feel the chain ; his passions may be so enlisted in the cants of his parry at to blind hi» dlscrimlnaUon, and destroy all comprehension and capability of independence." It would be seen from this how little independence of mind-how, little freedom J of discussion there was in America, which watt 1 farther borne oat by the following words from the tame author :-. ' " I have lately ventured to lay that the great danger to our national character is, that of wanting personal, indlvlduil Inde- pendence-independence of mind ; and I have onoe, in another form of communication to the public, expressed the opinion, that ' there is less private and social freedom in America than there Is lu Europe. " A striking confirmation of these views I have lately met with in the intelligent French traveller, De ?TocquevUle ; a man re- markably qualified by provious study, by singular candour, and by a thorough investigation of the subject, to write, on this oountry. * I am not acquainted,' he says, ' with any country in which there is to little true independence of mind, and so littlo freedom of discussion, as in America.' ' The authority of a king,' he continues, ' is purely physical ; it control! the aotlons of tho subject, without subduing his private -will ; but the majority in America is Invested with a power which it physical and moral at the same time ; it acts upon the will, as well o« apon the actions of men, and represses, not only all contest, but all contro- versy.' " This was from an American work, the snthor a man attached to his country and her Institutions. When they referred to the absence of crime in America, -they must remember that not only was a great amount of orimo committed for whioh no person» were not only not aopvietcd, but they wero not even prosecnted. Entertaining these views, although he would not oppose the second reading of the bill, he hoped that these principle» would bo opposed when the bill was in committee. With referenoe to the distribution, he mast say that he was opposed to giving Balranald and Leichhardt, with their small populations, a sentíate member each. With regard to tho constitution of that House, 'he must say that he was in favour of an elective Upper House ; not because he thought they would get a better dus of men, but because he thought the prinolplo of election, tho constitution of legislative bodies was the only sound ono. Ho would not oppose tho second .T.)l"~ "f "."Mil reading oí me oin. Mr. JONES rose to address tbe House, but was for the most part unaudible in tbo gallery. The hon. gentleman was under- stood to say in tho first plaoe that in ono point ta which he should allude, ho had changed his opinion, but so far from being* ashamed to own it ho thought it was tho part of evory sonsiblo , and right- minded man to discard error In favour or truth when- ever it should be mado manifest to his mind. (Hoar, hear.] Bcforo ho entered upon the main subject of the bill, however, ana ' applied himself to those point« In reference to whloh ho desired particularly to address tho House, he must say that he had been grieved to hear language used in this House of the most slander- ous character with regard to that grand and noble country which was populated in fact by the children of England-he meant of course, America. Ho had heard stated in the Legislative Council of Now South Wales that which would bo deemed dtagracefal in the House of Commons. ' (Cries of No, no.) Tho fast was that the Senate of the United States-the Houso of represen-' tativea-the judges or the land-the magis- trate»-tbo town counciller*-and la fact the institutions or America or every description had l been cha- racterised as fall of fraud and diahtmesty, and as capable of perpetrating almost every unholy and unrighteous act. He' conceived such a course beneath the dignity of the House. Why, not only the text, but the whole sermon of one bon. gentleman was in deterioration of the character of tho Americans. And the riot» at American elections-the scenes in the Scnato and House or representatives, and all the rest or the evil, had been attributed to the existence of universal suffrage. He denied this entirely, and he would ask if it was the fact-what wa» the causo of the Feterloo' riots t what waa it stimulated the Luddites t what wa» it that caused the scenes which took place on Kensington Common under Peargu» O'connor ? and what was the cause or the Irish rebellion! He did not see how the withholding or the franchise from mob* would conduce to order at elections. He thought the effeot would rather be the other way, for, supposing those mobs to bo not enfranchised, they wonld still bo present at elections, unless they wcro put in prison. (Hear, hear.) Ho did not se« how the possession of the franohise was in aay way connected with mobocraoy or disorder, tho existence of which to a considerable extent he did not deny. He had read in a work which he thought wa* worth a shipload of those which they had heard quoted from-that of tho Earl or Carlyle-that the Americans in every relation of life wore far superior to the Eng- lish. But to refer to the main principle» of the bill. He had already said that be had changed his mind a» far a» universal suffrage was concerned. It appeared to him that overy man had a right-an inalienable right If they pleased-to life, living, and opinion ; that in virtuo of his manhood he had alto an Interest in tho proper administration of the law» ; and that therefore ho ought to bav* a voice through hi» representative in making thoso laws. It had been objected to giving men the power of voting who wcro unable to read or write; he (Mr. Jone«) had known many men who could neither read nor write, who were muan, better able to | givo an opinion upon the ordinary matter» of life than ether» who could do both. He saw, therefore, the fallacy of confining the franohise to those who could read and write. (Hear, hear.) In addition, however, he thought that the owners of property should havea voto in virtue of having a greater intcreat at «take. Bat without »topping to consider that question, they came to the same original claim: every man had «omo right«. Every man had the right of being-and of exercising his opinion; every man wa« interested In the Stat" in whloh he dwelled ; every mun wa« bound to keep the law, and ho therefore ought to have some share In the making of that law t« which he was to conform, and whloh, in a degree, regulated his Ufo. No doubt a man's life was of moro value to him than hi« property, and he thought that every honest man, even if ho had not a stxpenco in his pocket, ought to be per- mitted to have soma voice in the making of thoie law» which he wa» under the nooessity of obeying. Why should not every man who wa« honest bo empowered to vote ! Ho wa« sure that, if this ques- tion wa« approached hi the spirit of free and unbiassed enquiry, tbe justico of the extension of tbo franohise would eommend itseir to < tho reason of all but the unreasoning. He did not advocate universal suffrage becauso he believed all men wcro equal, because he thought, so far from it being truo that all men were equal, that no two people could be for half-an-honr together, without one of them acquiring a superiority over the othor. Man had equal rights to man by nature, but they all knew tbat intelligence, influence, education, mental superiority, and greater capacity, enabled one to rule over another. Ho telt persuaded, however, that neither political nor social psace would bo enjoyed until overy man felt that he had an in- terest in the welfare of hi« country by having a voico in it« legis- lation through the franchise. Ho hoped the bill would pas«, ho could not say in its integrity, because there wero some points upon which ho had very strong opinions, and which he would like to sec modified in committee. He had said that every man had a right to have a share in making the law« by which he was 1 governed, and he thought a good deal might be loarned as to tho prevalenco of this opinion from what had transpired in England. Tho hon. gentleman hero referred to tho Test and Corporation Aots, to the Cathollo Emancipation Keform,and, also, to the Church Rates Abolition Bill, recently discussed in the House of Commons. The march of popular rights and popular education were going on in England, and why the colony should stand still, as far as thoso matters were concerned, he waa at a loss to conceive. Tho wisest man might be wiser to-day than he was yesterday, and he might bo moro sapient to-morrow than he wa« wise to-day. To be free from the necessity for chango would Imply total freedom from error ; but that wa» the prerogative of O mniscienco alone. Ho wished also to say a few words in reference to tho ballot, but In passing ho wonld remark concerning what fell from the hon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Norton) the other night, that be did not think the Legislature the proper placo for ladles. (Mr. ISAACS : They would not be " tho ricrht men in tho rltrht ninan "1 TTn ?nannrttwt th« *,-rn"fnTA n* the ballot, and he did not think it un-English. It had been asked why every man should not know the way In which his neighbour voted. But ht (Mr. Jones) would ask, why should ho know? What right had one man to ask another which way ho voted T The ballot was already used at the clubs, and he did not see why tboy should have a monopoly of it-why it should not bensed at general elections ! Thoso who wished it to bo known which way they voted oould easily make It public, but tho ballot would be a protection to many who could not bear np against the Influences which were brought to bear upon them at elections. Timid and poor men, with wives and children, could not afford to be martyrs. SIncO he had been resident in this colony ho had been nrescat at two elections, and observed the evil prac- tices to whioh he had alluded. He had seen some men coerced, and others, under the influence of intoxicating drinks, led to vote in opposition to what thoy conceived to bo right. Therefore, he .aid, let us protect thoso who wore unable to protect themselves. The question was whether the ballot or open voting would prevent the greater amount of corruption and lead to the more beneficial results, and he thought reason was lu favour of the ballot. With these few observations ho should sit down contented-hoping and believing that tho bill would be read a second time, and, after a few alterations and modifications ia committee, pasted into law. 1 (Hear, hear.) Mr. WISE rose in explanation. Tho hon. member had mis- understood his observations in reference to America. All he in- tended to hare said, and he believed all ho did say, was expressed In the following quotation from Mr. Stirling, which he made on Thursday :-"There ia more power in the nation-more worth and wisdom in the people ; but there is more corruption and more oppression in the Government." Mr. IS \ ACS »aid bo knew not whether he should receive orcdit for truthfulness In the declaration with which ho felt he ought to commence his observations to tho House, which was, that he rose to address this assembly with the utmost diffidence. When he saw around him present on this occasion, and remem- bered the members hero and there, who were absent, and recol- lected that amongst them were, almost to a man, gentlemen who were well known Inhabitants of the colony, and among them men, who, by intelligence, by Industry, and by Integrity, had raised themselves to be a real aristocracy (Hear, hear), na- ture's own aristocracy; and when he felt ho was but, compara- tively, a stranger, scarcely known to about one quarter of the members, ho felt he had scarcely a right to address the assembly. But, on tho other band, occupying the position whioh he consi- dered honorable, although the honor had been conferred by the Crown and not by the pooplo-occupying a position which he' voluntarily accepted, he did reel on an occasion when a matter of so much importance as this bill was admitted to be, ho should be guilty of a dereliction of duty if ho did not express the reasons whioh it was well known ho entertained, and that must be his excuse. He was afraid In order to do justice to himself, certainly with no expecta- tion of doing justice to the subject, he must occupy the House at greater length than might be convenient or agreeable to hon. members. But the character of those he saw around him justified him in coming to the conclusion that he should be listened to with courtesy. (Hear, hear.) Still ho felt that to be the object of con- strained courtesy was not the most agreeable to one's feeliaga. Therefore, knowing that the courtesy mast be exacted and con- strained, ho should endeavour to be as brief as the importance of the subjeot would permit. The question under discussion on this occasion was one in whioh the future destiny of this community was Involved, for good or for evil, and the fate of New South I Wales to some extent was in tho balance to-night. He wat ono of those who believed that tho measure with which they were deal- ing, if carried lu iu Integrity, would be one of unmitigated evil. He believed if this bill passed it would disseminate through the community a number of evils which tbe Solicitor General could never repress, and that he, like another Pythoness, would open Pandora's box and let out all the virtues in the world, but would not have strength In his arm to close the lid and keep the last charm of life- Hope-within the casket. So much for the evilt whioh he believed the measure was calculated to accom Elish. But for the speech in which tho measure was introduced, e felt bound to say that there was littlo to blame, indeed muoh to praise ; and he must say therefore he waa disposed to say little, against it. It was a speech characterised by talent and energy, and by deep research, but above all by a candour which, in his opinion, was always desirable, bat whioh did not usually charac- terise Ministerial addresses. He must state here that ho came to this House on Wednesday evening lut, having, as he supposed, made up his mind not to vote against the second reading of this bill. Be did not imppose it possible that any of the arguments he should heir would eause him to believe he had arrived at an im- proper' , conclusion. ' But ha confessed that the speeches he heard from the right of the ' President commencing from the Solicitor-General, had almost succeeded tn convincing him that he could not conscientiously vote for this measure. (Ironical cheers from, the Ministerial side.) He had not heard one argument from hon. members on the right who, to the mind of any thinking man, could justify hit voting for this'' . bill ; and independently of that, he had beard arguments or obser- vations which he had listened to with extreme pain. (Hear, hear.) 1 And, before proceeding with the observations, 'he should have desired t» address »he House uninterruptedly; he could not pat» b«msileTieawh*tha4I»Uenfremother». gefeit it, therefore, neos*« sary, in ora« M go on haintsrrhptèdly hereafter, to notice now a few of the observatHsts'118 'whloh he referred. He would oom li^oewim*rfobe»rvaHenrflaó>bynnhori.memoerofU»I»Hoa»e -one from whom he'Shonld.hardly'bave expected such a remark to fall-regarding a circumstance needless to refer to..He imagined that the passing »mile of three gentlemen"opposite1 to'him had .onie connection'with ta« observations he wa» addresiing to ]the -¡House, but whloh, in rall probability, had ( no refcreaee to hi* remarks. His -remark was, thst gentleme» who had no heart might laugh. He was astonished to «hear suoh an, observation, when ha remembered the>quarter -from ' which it proeeadeVl. And that at once opened his eyes to the mode in which non members who differed from hon. members on the Ministerial aide were to be treated, and nobly had the matter been followed op to night. He found the hon. member who opened the debate referring to the rejection or a petition, a matter of waloo he knew nothing. In foot he believed it existed only in the imagination of tho non. i member. He referred also to the treatment of petitions, whloh he believed also1 was a mere faney of his Imagination. Mr. BLAND said : He begged to say, as a matter of fact, that he saw the laugh and replied to It. I ' The PRESIDENT said that tb* observation whloh imputed something to hon. members was unparliamentary. He did not think tho hon. gentleman was privileged to say that any smile from hon. members on the othor aide came from gentlemen without hearts, I Mr. BLAND said ho wonld withdraw the expression. Mr. ISAACS continued : He wa* now referring to the remarks of another hon. member-(the hon. and learned momber, Mr. Bligh) who opened the debate. That honorable member, in reference to petitions, said they were rejeoted, or that there had been some improper treatment of a petition presented, and which ho again said, was a matter of imagination on his part. (Loud cries of " No, no.") He begged to »ay he was not to be put down by olamour. (Hear, hear.) Ho was in possession of the ohoir, and should have his say In spite Of any Interruption from bon. member». He begged to give this early notice. (Oh, oh ) The hon. member »aid if petitions were treated in this way tho country would not bo satisfied with petition«. He heard this remark with pain, for to hi« mind it recalled the sanguinary scones of the French revolution. (Ironical cheers.) What did It refer to except a resort to physical force. (Ironical cheer« ) He told hon. members that he accepted it so, and they might believe if thero were 20,000 bayonets "bristling at the doors, that there was one member who would not be swerved from what he thought the proper course to pursue. (Ironical cheers.) They might not believe this, but the monopoly or courago and intellect, and every- thing that makes man mon, proved to bim that there were some or the virtues of civilised life possessed by hon. momber« on this »ide of the House. (Hear, hear.) Then with regard to another hon. member, from whoso usually peaceful demeanour, from what he knew to be the benerolenoe of his nature, he should certainly not have expected suoh a thing. He referred to the honorable gentleman who preceded him, and who said he was astonished at the observations that hod been made on this aide of the Houso about the United States of America. Inasmuch a» the honorablo member (Mr. Wiso) had vindicated himself from the aspersion thrown on him, and had shown he did not refer to the moral con- dition of America, or the moral and social condition or her popu- lation, but solely to tho political institutions or America, it was unnecessary for him to make any remark». He thought, how- ever! his friend might have gone further In his observations, and said that they were not hi» observations, but the observations of intelligent travellers in America, and farther of philosophic e statesmen of America, Having mado these remarks on wh_ had fallen from hon. members on that »Ide or the Heuse in hostile spirit, he felt great pleasure In being enabled to say «ona thing of commendation of muoh that he bad heard from them And first, he would thank the hon. member he last alluded to for having told them that property had It» right». It pleased him beyond expression to bear such a candid opinion from the hon. member (Mr. Jones), that property had its light«. If it had, he .aid, protect them. He should not ask bis hon. friend to de so, for ho acknowledged that he knew not how-therefore he mus have him to arrange that with the hon. 8ollcltor-Gencral when' next there should bo a Cabinet meeting. He rejoiced not for him- self, but for some perhaps within those wall«, when he heard the hon. member say that be freely believed some portion of truth wa» possessed by torlea, whig», and radicals Ho rejoiced in that, because one hon. momber of the House had been all of these. He was also pleased to hear from tho bon. member that he approached this question with a due regard to the interest of the whole oommunity-the whole community. He echoed the sentence, and trusted as long as they were assembled within tbose walls, nominated by royalty, which he considered a great honour, they would not sacrifice the interest» of any portion of the community in order to obtain a little popularity. He must now redeem the pledge ho mado, and should not make any further observation on what had fallen from hon. members on the other side of the House, but proceed at once to deal with the subject as best he could. Taking then asa starting point that they should approach this bill with a duo regard to the interests of the whole community, the Houso should also approach it with a dne sense of its own dignity, Its own independence, and the importaneo of the duties entrusted to it. While he hoped and believed that no members on tbls momentous question would saorifiee their principles and opinions, ho also hoped the expression of their opinion would be given in suoh a manner as not to give the elected members of the Assombly a shadow of reason to suspect any wish on tho part of this Houso to come into collision with them. In this respect, whatever their relative positions, both Houses should remember tho golden precept, " As much u Heth in you live peaceably with all men." But they must observe this principle with two large âuallflcations. Let this House giro way when It seemed eslrible for peace, In non-essentials ; but on those important principles which concerned the welfaro of the country, in which thoir consciences teach them how they should act, let them speak out, and give effect to what they spoke by their vote». (Hear, hoar.) This course, this fair and honourable course, was all that tho Assembly, or any other body of gentlemen, had a right to expect. They had no right to expect the Council to bo the mero pole and reflex of their opinions, but give what they claim for 1 themselves, the right of honest and upright judgment. He agreed with the hon. and loarnod Sollcltor-Genoral, that in politi- cal discussion In matters of legislation, there must certain com 1 promises of opinion bo made. And In fact, the speech of the hon. and learned member himself had afforded a very striking exem- plification of the fact. He found that in respect to this very bill, ' there had been serious compromises of opinion among Ministers 1 themselves. (Hear, hear.) They were told that on one clause, the ballot clause, no less than three members of the Ministry wero 1 opposed to It, and two only supported it ; but that these three, 1 with lamb-like courage, succumbed to tho two. After this, he 1 thought thero wu some hope after all of a representation of | minorities, although it was not a principio whioh ho expectod to . have seen emanate from the present Ministry. (Hoar.) | Mr. LUTWYCHE said tho hon. member must have misundor 1 stood what ho said. What ho did say was that the clause rcspcet ¡ Ing the ballot was opposed by a majority in the Cabinot, but as It 1 was found there wu no ohonco of oarrying the bill without the ! ballot was Introduced, the majority withdrew their opposition. 1 Mr. ISAACS : The hon. member had corrcotly stated what fell from him on a former occasion, but It only oonfirraed his statc ? aent that tho majority gave way to the minority. But ! what did this revelation prove to them f How did It show 1 that the Government was carried on t By a connection that ' themeasurestheypropoiedforthegovernmentofthecountryî No, 1 but that that minority lu the Ministry wero to role tho majorltv, 1 because It was expedient to keep the Ministry in power. Three ' members of the Ministry were opposed to tho ballot Two of thom . of his knowledge, ho could say, one the bon. and learned Attorney' 1 General acting under the natural insttnot of his Conservative 1 prinoiplcs ; another, tho Colonial Treasurer, with a revival of the ? principles of his earlier years, had voted against tho ballot in the 1 Assembly ; and the hon. and learned Solicitor-General bimsell hod admitted that ho was no friend to this principle. (Hear 1 hear.) But tho Ministry accepted of the ballot, not because they ' approved of It in principle, but beoausc their rejection of it would have involved that fatal consequence to New South Wales, if not to the world at large, that the Ministry 1 must have resigned. If such had boen their unhappy lot, what would bo the fate of this colony T Doubtless on the approaoh of a : great man-a man great in the hearts and appreciation of this community, and who, on his return, shortly expected, to this his ' native land, would bo met with the wolcome of many friends out > side the Heads, who woult1, when he heard the direful Intelligence [ exclaim-"Stands Sydney where It stood t" (Laughter.) But he 1 did not think that the consequence of any Ministry resigning on a '. great prinoiple would cause 8ydnoy to be submerged, but the ' principle T disregarded, and the Ministry cared nothing for the ' opinions of the majority of their own body so long as It was expedient to pass tho bill. (Hear.) He ' did not mean to follow the hon. and learned Solieitor ' General through alll the Introductory remarks of hi« 1 though he wished to avoid throwing disrespect on any tbing he 1 had said. Ho would pause, however, at the point where he al ? luded to the appointment of. a Ministry who wero to inaugurate ' responsible Government in this colony. It had been said by tho ' hon. and learned member that If It had been thought that the Constitution Act of 1854 would have been assented to by the > English Government, it would have never been passed here at all 1 He must confess ho was surprised when he heard this statement,* 1 seeing, from the record of the debates on that great question, that from first to last It was opposed to the death. But It was to this cause that the hon. and learned member seemed to attribute the diffloulty which he said his Ex ccuency naa in cnoosing gentlemen, who were willing to undertake tho office of inaugurating responsible 1 Government. Ho would advise hon. members who spoke so slightingly of this constitution to read two of the addresses de- livered on It ; one by the eminent man/to whom he had already . referred, Mr. Wentworth ; the othcir/also a distinguished and eminent man, the han. and learned Attorney General, In theso speeches, they would find lessons which might well Instruct them i as to the course they should pursue in this equally Imminent i crisis. He would now pass to a remark rando by the bon. and > learned Solicitor-General, that the English Reform Bill of 1823 was founded on tho basis of population. When tho bon. and learned , member made this statement he (Mr. Isaacs) met it with an em i phatic " No, no 1" Thcanswer to that no, no, was not what he ex- pected, but it was an appeal to the Reform Bill recently prepared by Lord John Russell. He now repeated his No, no ! The Reform . of 1832 was not based on population ; it was never pretended or . asserted that it was founded on any such basis. Now, the same i assertion was mado when the Constitution Act was passed, and ho would read a passage from Mr. Wentworth's speech in reply to it. It might be taken as authority or not, but the main facts which it . contained, and the conclusion it led to, were incontenible. . (The hon. member then read a passage from Mr. Wentworth's . speech, showing that, while the whole number of members ol , Parliament was 054, the number of members for the city of Lon . don was only l8.) The figures were slightly wrong in both in- stances, as tho number of members of Parliament was G53, and the f number of members for London only IG, showing, however, that [ Mr. Wentworth might havo made out a stronger oase, and that ho ) had no desire to mislead the Legislature or the country on the sub i ject. According to the population basis, Mr. Wentworth went on i to show tho number of members for London would have bren 55, i and for Sydney 17. Whether this was to bo taken as an authority . or not it showed this : that London, tho centre of civilisation, wealth, and influence, returned only about one-fourth of the num- ber of representatives to which on tho population basis [ it was entitled. He might add, that if it had i been allotted its representatives on this basis. Loo . don would have returned as many members as all Scotland. , Population wu not the basis of the Reform Act of 1832, and he . observed that whon'his hon. and learned friend the Solioitor F General-in alluding to the explanation given by Lord John i Bussell as to the arrangement by which that Whig statesman had 7 so managed as to save the Whig borough»-gave that explanation ! as that afforded by Lord John Russell and not as his own, adding f that, for his part, he would not endorse It. And the reasqn of . that was evidently derived from the fact that at that time referred , to (of which the bon. and learned member retained so distinct a i recollection), he was not a supporter of those political principles he now advocated, but an opponent of radicalism. But whether popu- lation was the basis of the Reform Act or not, one thing at least , was certain, it was not ; the basis of the measure now before the i Honse. The Ministers had not originally wished it so to be, but . when they saw that the measure wu not likely to pus without such an ingredient, they were contented to out and slash away at It, , in order of coarse that New South 'Wales might be preserved from i the direful calamity of a threatened change of Ministry. If popula i tlon were tho buis of the franohise in the present bill, how did It , happen that tho polloe districts should have been adopted at the i electoral dlstriots t Would it be said that the some number of . persons, or anything like the samo number of persons, was to be i found in each of these districts t Is it not a most unquestionable , fact, that a vast difference exists between the respective popula i rions of tbese police districts ? If this were the case-if plan after i plan wu suctcssivcly proposed and rejected, and changes made, until at length plan number 4 wat adopted-the'plan, with con i slderable modifications, now before the House-then we'are com ; pelled. to como to the conclusion that originally the basts of popn i Utiori, and population alone, was-not contemplated by-the i prêtent Ministry. It might certainly occur to . them, that I they -would have to. find a plan of, distribution i of rjbb nature or that, ,else have to become 'insolvent. The i' Electoral Reform League' wu something' to whsthfi to large al'.fesion had bees made, but he did 'not clearly understand what ) I »/as! intended to be the part performed by those- individuáis in 3 I respect to that House, unless it were that o' \ Jacobin Club. They 11, had been favoured with accounts as to who tai» body waa, and where,« j met, who> wws iU jofteers, its President and it» Wlee Presidents- four of Whom were now (tthe.wHlnroraaedriShtly) , actually member* of ¿he Cabinet. 8cr »non Ibefworse roi; suoh facts-as Talleyrand saM-^t fact* they ware. {The bon. and learned member had referred to; TUX observation made ¡hy his ¡learned friend Mr. Dnrvall at »omrfflbUe meeting, after dinner he believed, > at wbioh no doubt plenty of good wine, perhaps excellent oham pagne; had been drank. j The non.-and learned member] wa» evidently determined todlve-deenty, verydseply into the suljoot, and he had brought np that. The remark alluded to was to the effect, that an hostility existed between those residing in the towns, sad these who ,lived in the country."- It required, he thought no ghost to(be Summoned up from the shades to tell them that to inform them that such an unreasonable hostility did exist; it was an assertion, which no man of any observation could pared to deny. Town and country communities had, nevertheless, the same general interest«, ano) that was not tbeiess the ease be- cause particular interests occasionally diverged. The Solicltor Generalj then went on to speak at large of the body to which reference had already been made, and who olaimed the merit of having brought the question of electoral,reform-so prominently before the publie. So mach so, that that when theyMinistry of Mr. Henry Watson Parker relinquished office, and the present administration succeeded, the great popular question-before the election, as it seemed-had been, it was said, the question of elec- toral reform. But did circumstance« really warrant this assump- tion I Did the people at large really call for this electoral reform T Did not " " ignorant and unthinking persons," . at that election which followed, tra the contrary, reject ono of it« stanoheit advocates t Te», the people of 8ydney were so misled, and so muoh misled, that a little more of it and two of her Majesty's present Ministers would haye been also rejeoted. Had it been at all surmised at two o'olock in the after- noon as tohowmatteTsreaUystood, an honorabloand learned y&ung; friend of his would have been returned, and the Premier would have been-nowhere. These were, ho believed, all the In- troductory portions of the speech or tbo Solicitor-» General to whloh it would, st present, bo neces- sary (for him "to refer. There certainly were also some general observations as r to tho population basis, obs-rvations oonveying sentiments to which ho (Mr. Isaacs) was entirely opposed. One interest, and one interest alone, wa» re and the basest olass of society. He' denied that such a class was the people. , He repelled with ? scorn and indignation the insinuation or the assertion that ho (Mr. Isaacs) was opposed to the interests of the people-the people in tho true and legitimate sense of that word. What were the people T Our lively and merourial neighbours, the French, would ¡tell us that It wu tout le monde, a largo and apparently comprehensive phrase, but one which, after all, meant only-just so many per- sons as tho speaker happened to know. So tho word " people," in the mouth of every oratorical demagogue, meant those that followed him and Hooked after him. In a higher and a wider sense he (Mr. Isaacs) claimed to bo the friend of the -people-per- sons of all olasses and of every degree. In this character he would tell them that those were not their friends who flattered them, and flattered them only to deceive. He would say to them these are your rights, and this is what yon require-this what you are properly entitled to-hitherto shalt thou come and no farther, and here shall the proud waves of democracy be stayed. (Loud cries of Hear.) Ho said this because he believed that through this faction the fair and just influence of tho honest hard-working artizan, and that of the middle classes- generally, would be pa- ralyzed and rendered nugatory. For this reason it wu that he wu opposed, and strongly opposed, to the ninth clause of this bill. In illustration of his line of argument, tho hon. and learned member then proceeded to quote a passage from the pen of Edmnnd Burke, one of the greatest men and ' most illustrious statesmen-u he said-who ever lived. Some remarks had been made by his bon. and learned friend with reference to the constitution of this House, but he (Mr. Isaacs) was at a loss to imagine with what good object they could havo bees, introduced. And he was equally at a loss to Imagine with what object they had been favoured with a dissertation. Did his hon. friend wish it to be believed that because he was opposed to the creation of an artificial aristocracy, other members who woro opposed to him were in favour of it. He (Mr. Isaacs) was not in favour of such an aristooraoy. If indeed be were in a country where there existed an aristooraoy-a nobility-u that of England, he should be a supporter of that aristooraoy. He believed thai the benefits conferred on tbo people by that aristocracy were manifold, and perhaps had yetto be understood. In such a county he should probably be termed derisively a Tory ; bat whatever he might bo oalled, he certainly should be a supporter of an aristooraoy as the best barrier to an unmitigated democracy. He did not, he repeated, see with what good object the subject had been introduced into this debate ; and u to the constitution of this House, it wu at one time a favourite expres- sion of his hon. and learned friend-ono with whioh he concluded almost every speaoh, that " the Upper House must he destroyed." His honorable and learned friend had perhaps altered his opi- nion. Ho had, however, submitted to this House more than one abstract proposition In reference to " Primary Assemblies." i Tho SOLICITOR-GENERAL »aid ho hid purposely avoided the i term». Mr. ISAACS resumed: He wu gild that his honorable 1 friend who did appoar to entertain, at a very ' recent date, strong notions on the subjeot, did ' not, however, go so far as to seek in the vocabulary 1 of the French revolution for terms with which to express his ideas. However, of late, the concurrence of the House had not 1 been sought to their propositions. How carno it so! Wu itbe { cause his honorable and learned friend had crossed the floor of the ' House-had become a Minister? or wa« it that holding the same 1 opinions »till, he found it necessary to defer to the opinions of his ' colleagues, perhaps, in this instance of the representation of mt : norities. It was gratifying to him to hear from his hon. and learned ; friend that ho wu In favour of a 8econd House-he used the 1 word Second, for he liked It better than the word Upper, which ' wu likely to lead to erroneous impressions oat of door». At all ' events. In reference to this question, both Houses were on a footing ' of perfect equality. He was glad, he said, that his bon. friend was 1 lu favour of two Houses, for of all tho schemes that havo ever " been proposed for governing a country, the very worst was that . which proposed to rule by a single House, but which instead of ruling must Inevitably ruin. Referring again to the * question of minorities, it would, perhaps, bo gratifying > to the public to know upon what principles the ' Government of this country waa now conducted. Was it > upon the plan of the Roman generals, who each commanded for a 9 day, and the result of which was so disastrous ! Did each of the ' five Ministers take a day to himself-one Premier to-day, and K another to-morrow, leaving the other two days to the doge of Go f «m>nmAnt.l,niiRn-nimplv flftturdflv and Ktinrinv-ihn Tawlult «TM 1 tho Christian Sabbath ! Or was it, per hop», that each mcmbor of the Cabinet wa« permitted to havo some pet mensuro of hi« own, eaoh of which in it« turn was submitted, with all the reoommen , dations of a Ministerial measure 7 If this last wa« the principio ? on which the Government of the country was oarricd on, tho 1 «tatute book and the Constitution would eventually become » piece of patchwork indeed. This measure ho conceived to be a depar ' turo from the institutions of the father land, and he for ono be ; lloved that the Inhabitants of tho colony wero not desirous of dc ? parting from those Institutions-that they were not ashamed of the [ constitution of their fatherland. That constitution required no ' euloginm from him. Every political writer of every nation ad ' mitted it» excellency and recognised its pre- eminence. But that ' glorion« cosstitution wa» not the creation of a'momont, but by »lo w ' and steady, yet «ure steps, it had progressed until it had reached . it» pre«' nt perfection. Going back to former days, and looking ? to what the British Constitution was, there would not bo found s ground» to justify any anticipation that it would como to what it 5 had. The seedling however had expanded Into a goodly tree. His \ hon. and learned friend had referred the other night to Belgium ' as standing alone amongst the wreck of nations at the time of the > revolutions of 1848. But Belgium did not stand alone. England \ stood also and gave shelter to exiled kings and prople at that time | and «ince. The throne of England wa« unshaken, and why! ' Because it was built on the firm foundation of tho peoplo'a love, I and because that peoplo had not yet the benefits of the new light» 6 that were to be conveyed to them through universal suffrage. Ho 1 hoped that the House would not be induced to attempt that which ' had ever been found impracticable-namely, to form a perfect 1 constitution. No doubt it was tho duty of hi» bon. and learned " friend, a« it was of all, to endeavour to improve it, and > he (Mr. Isaac«) thought that the present Electoral Act might '? have been very easily amended «o a» properly to carry ' out the provision» as to qualification that it contained. He com ! plained, however, that ni» non. and learned friend- doubtless in 1 his aspirations for what was good and right-he complained that ' his hon. and 'earned friend should think it right, In this country, ! which was constantly changing in all respects, to get rid at one ' fell swoop of all 'the constitutional oheok« upon democraoy. It | 1 was said that what was now proposed wa» not universal suffrage, ' and he admitted that It wa» not, in so far as it excluded women " and all men who had not attained the full age of twenty-one 1 years; that was, he who on the day of election happened to be 20 ' years and 364 days old was excluded, while ho who counted the 1 865th day al»o wa» entitled to vote. He wonldjnot admit either that 1 it was manhood suflrage in the best «ense of that term He would ' wish indeed that they could have some moral qualification, but it wa» impossible; they could not know the heart« of men; neither . could they have an intellectunl qualification, for they could not ' measuro men's Intelligence. Tho only conree thoy could pursuo was to establish some method-some test of qualification-and the ' best moda was a property qualification, as that wa« somewhat a 1 test of qualities which fitted a man for the exercise of the fran- chise. Ho thought the principle of this hill was a most dangerous one to admit in a country Uko this. They heard of fresh gold ' fields being discovered. They were assured that more would be, . and doubtless vast numbers of foreigner» would pour in from all countries. Now these foreigners, although differing amongst 1 themselveB a» the initltutlon» of their several countries differed, 1 might yet combine successfully to overthrow the constitutional in [ stltution« of this country, ir they were at once admitted to the political privileges which tho bill would give them. This was not an argument entirely his own, it wa» urged on a former oo ' casion in reference to the Chinese Immigration Bill, and with those hon. members who opposed the introduction of large numbers of [ Chineso as dangerous to our institutions, it must havo some weight here. With those who cared not to retain ¡ these institutions, it would, of course, havo no effect. It was quite clear, therefore, that the result of a large influx of ; people from different countries of the world, ander universal suffrage, a» proposed by the bill, would be the destruction of ; EnglUh institutions and English custom«. What, then, would " 'those who assisted to bring about «nch a state of thing« do! wbot . would he their remedy! No doubt they would take the samo 1 course a« that proposed to bo taken to check the influx of Chinese -impose a heavy deferential tax, and thus Bhow their impartiality by a uniform Custom duty. He would now proceed to notice . those principles to which ho most strongly objoctod. Before : doing so, however, ho would refer to a Bubject prominently " brought before the attention of the Houso-that was, the political ' condition of the United States of America, This subject had been ' introduced for tho purpose of contrasting on one side or the other, favourably or unfavourably, as tbo case might be, with the con ; ditton of England. He had no desire to disparage America or the American«, for from personal experience he knew nothing of the . country. But he had personal knowledge of Americans, and he ' must admit that the intercourse he had had with them wa» not ' such as to induce him to speak disparagingly of Americans a» In- dividuals. But on the other band, with regard to the political Institutions or the country, he had no hesitation in asserting ' that he looked upon them as having foiled to produce tho benefits' expected from them, and he would bo " very gorry indeed to see those institutions introduced into this country, either in whole or in part. In looking at the ' constitution of i America from the facts laid down by nolltical , writer«-not English or French writer», but by Americans them. í Belves-thoy would find little In that constitution worthy of lml , tation. No honorable member who boasted of being liberal, and who called those honorable member« who differed with bim , illiberal-no «uoh honorable member surely would boast or a con ' »titution under which »lavery existed, wa« encouraged and upheld. If there were hon. member» who could boast of this, ho would , ask where was their liberalism T It had been said, Who could with'paUence for a moment seo This medley mass or pride and misery, l -Of whip« and «harter», manacles and rights, Of «lavin? black», and démocratie whltM. It might be said that these lines were written years ago, but the plorare waa equally true at the present day, He would read an extract from the works of a writer which, ho ventured to say, would form a political text-hook tor the next generation. He alluded to the works of Thomas Carlyle (The honorable member read some extracts Iront the ^ork alluded to, and continued ) Hen. members who, had done bim the favour of listening to him would, he wu sure, tepndlato the idea of adopting American insti- tutions in this Country. Ho must say that the bill before tho House was not at all admirable IA any of Its parts, but as many of the objections raised to it were of a formal and minor character, he bad no doubt that it would.be amended in'comtnrttce. But his great objection wu to the clause establishing universal suffrage. Now, at it had been ably suggested, ' universal suffrage could only t be advanced as a elalm of right on, one hand, or suggested ii UI measure of utility on the other.l But a* s claim of. right he > repudiated it at once. He denied most taphatlcally'.that any man who entered voluntarily, or who -Was born in à state of civilized ¡ society, had any natural rights whatever He would prove this from Burke and American philosophers [Tbo hon member read 1 | extracts in support of his argument, and proceeded] Ai a further lUustriiionnof the ««ill of «rit»^jasulraf e.he would aak horn, members ¿oV did tfe-p^nTdfecpM 'of Tränte attain the posiUoB. he occupies t Wuitluc^byttHvcrsid suffrage. (No, no. Hear, hear.) -Tc»,'bfumvi!rtil'Wiflr«gft'anórrtaeiballot-box too. [Mr. HONlVINor' it was,>byü ftlte' promises.] tr By false Êremises. Did not every demagogne.''mak» false promise* i - the 'hope- II of - gaining ?- power, 'that o he ' might became a tyrant. The worst of tyrants were those demagogue* who hi* raised themselves to power upon the shaulders-of the mob-this the history dfither world had proved. It wu by makin % false promises 'that every demagogue became the man of tkt people- the Barrabu-tho ohosen man of the möb-^till he wat able to pat ii* heel on the neck of those who raised htm. About three years ago he wasJln Paris, but he could not walk the streets without having a soldier treading on his heel». This was the re- sult of universal Suffrage. The first Napoleon wu placed upon Die proud eminence, and had his vulgar brow encircled with a tempor- ary diadem by the votes of the multitude, and universal suffrage. Of coane hon. jmember* were not to supposa for a moment that . he assert«d that the i freo 'will of' the people had been given expression to. No. but tbat very foot supported his argument, to show the results that must Inevitably follow from placing power in the hands of the muses. Hon. members at pre- sent in office were greatly mistaken if they thongbt theycouM retain their position after they had onee given the reins of power into the hands of the people. No, they would not long hold their seats; the tribunes of the people would become the rulers, and they would soon have the despotism which at the present time misgoverned France. He denied that the majority of the people had natural rights, and, in the words of a great statesman, ne would say that a million volóos might not make np one vote, ,. [The hon. member then proceeded to quote pu sages from iSir James Mackintosh on Parliamentary suffrage.] The hon. gentleman then, read an extract from a leading artiole, which appeared in the Economat newspaper of June last, in ad- vocacy of the principle 'jat the representation of classes without giving sn overwhelming influence to any, and he maintained that the ninth clause of the bul would give an. overwhelming influence to a class. The hon. gentle- man continued the quotation, to show that in 'America» only one olass wu represented, and that the higher classes were in the Legislature u a mere drop in the ocean. And so, he oontended, it would be here. The lower oluses had a right to be fairly represented, butbe would not go a step beyond that. He would not pander to their will by giving them a prédominance in the representation of the country, which would swamp all other inte- rests. The honorable gentleman also quoted from one of the Ox- ford essays of tho present year, and also from Lord Brougham, in support of his viow. We had had démocratie institutions In several countries of Europe since the revolutionary year of 1848, bat none of them had yet attained that enviable position whloh philosophers desired and poets had dreamed of. The hon. gentleman quoted from Lord Brougham's work to show that universal suffrago In Germany, Austria, and Prussia, had had the effect of omcludlng men of education and position, and returning the illiterate. If it were not for trespassing on the time of the House, he might als* quote the opinion» of Mr. Wentworth, and Mr. Martin, the present Attorney-General, on the occasion of the second reading of tho now Constitution' Bill. Ho would ask hon. members to contrast the arguments used by those in favour of < tho bill with the (remarks used by Mr. Went« worth and the present Attorney-General on the occasion he referred to. Ho asked wbothe- the hen. Attorney-General had since changed his opinions. He was net at liberty to say he had, and ho believed ho had not, and thought he was justified in coming to that conclusion because they had heard from tbe Solloitor^General ot such a thing as members of the Cabinet yielding their'opinion! to other members of the Cabinet. Therefore, he might still remain a member of the Cabinet although he had not changed hit opinions. These two hon. gen- tlemen, Mr. Wentworth ard Mr. Martin, spoke strongly on the subject, and he gdted hon. member» to contrast what they said with tho argtjUnt of tho learned Solicitor-General and those whojeupportefwiruill. He could only say this, that if the bon. Attorney-Generm had changed his opinions, and wu now the advocate of universal suffrage, ho ought to answer the argument* he had used on the oocuion he referred to. He would now pass from universal suffrage to the ballot, and would limply* say he did not consider It politically of much importanoe in this colony, because he had not sufficient data of the working of the system in this colony. But he thought, socially, it was most reprehensible. If Was a protection for the sneaking coward-it wu un-English; and it wu a protection for those who did not doaer ve to have a vote. He should not move that it be expunged from the bill, bat should not let it go to a division without recording his vote against it. With regard to the distribution of members, he deferred 'to tbe other House in this matter, because he thought the members of the Assembly wero better qualified to form an oplnlori'npon that subject than they were for the distribution. He should say nothing more than this, that ho could not help thinking the number of members for Sydney wu too large (Oh, oh), and that remark he would extend to the distribution of members to the other towns of the colony. He wu not prepared, however, to disturb the distribution the other House had arrived at. With regard to the members given to the mining districts, he should be sorry to express an opinion, one way or the other, and ho required further information on the .ubjeot before he voted on the question. With regard to the two electorates, Balranald and Leichhardt, which badi been created at a late stage of tho hill, that was a question open to observations from one side and the other, and until he had beard the Sollei tor-General, his reasons against these distriot«, he should not make up hi» mind'what course to take These were the principles of the hill-the distri- bution of members, the elective franohise, and the ballot, wero np doubt the great principles of the bill with which they had to deal with, and which ho had endeavoured to deal with. There was another portion of the bill which he felt it his duty to «ill the attention of the House to, and that wu by tbe provisions1 of this bill they should be left without a Parliament for one year. He referred to the second clause, whloh repealed the present Electoral Aot, and maintained that a» a dissolution was to take place when this bill wupasBed,oron the 31st of January that the whole of the Eresent machinery for elections being thereby destroyed, it would o impossible for tho new Parliament to meet until next 'Novem- ber. Now, this might be very pleasant for the Solicitor-General, who, like Charles I., wished to govern without Parliament. It wu already understood that the estimates for 1S59 were to be pused in a short session, so that this proved that Parllnmen» TV». I not likely to meet for a considerable period after the disso- lution. Again, it was not new for a Ministry in New I South Wales to pay out money without legislative sanction, 11 and then to take shelter under an obsolete and misread , I portion of the royal instructions. He »aid misread, because he . I ¿new what the instructions were, namely, that they Tvorol not to ' I pay money without a warrant of the Executive, and not that they I wero to pay money on n warrant of the Executive. Ho warned I hon. members, that if a dissolution took place when this bill ! I passed, these things might occur ; and although it was proposed 1 to pass a short bill to guard against them, they should be well ' acquainted with the nature of It before they assented to this bill no maintained that they would be the real guardian* of the " rights of the people if they protected them from any set of men ' disbursing the public funds without Legislative sanction. * Let us (said the speaker) know what are to be the clauses of the ' bill we aro promised, before we voto for this. He feared he had " exhausted tho patience of the House, at all event« he had physl ' cally exhausted himself. With no weak words of hi« own, but in '. the glowing language of great men, he had attempted to set 1 before the House a true picture of what England ' was in her institutions, and other honorable mem- bers of the House had pourtrayed the features of \- America as shown in her Institutions, and he would now, in the ' words of Hamlet, ask them " to look upon this counterfeit pre 1 »entment of two brothers" Like the same character he > would . add the question, whether leaving the memory of the one of thoa* 1 they could attach themselves to the other. He had endeavoured j to point out what were tho principles-the constitutional prin ' oiples of England. It waa from that constitution that the great- ness of the nation was derived. The cause of the greatness of 1 England was a moral, not a physical cause. It was her constitu 1 bon which made that country 1 " Earth's great dictatress, Ocean's Queen." , No member of that House could or would suppress those feelings [ of pride with which they called to mind the ancient glory and tho modern renown of the grand old country from which they came. They would remember with exultation the ancient glories of Crecy, Poictlers, and Agincourt, and, later, the herolo War« of Marlborough. They would recal to mind the gallant stand made by Britain's «ona in more recent day» against the democrkoy-or, rather, tho demonocraoy of the Frenoh revolution. Th*y> would i think, whether of English, Scotch, or Irish origin, of the plains of Waterloo, when the three national regiments, in one terrible charge, hurled back in dismay the mailed warrior» of France In later day«, they would think' of the i daring deeds whioh have shod a fresh lustre npon her name at Alma, on tho heights of Inkermann, nnd on the burning plains of India. They would think of this ; and when they did so, not one heart ho thought, of all those present, would fail to thrill with joy at the thought that he waa a Briton. They would rejoice that the langnage of Shakspere was their own mother tongue, they would be proud that England had carried tho torch or science into every land, and remember -with pride that triad or talent Shakspere, Burns, and Sheridan. Inheritors or such glorious thought» a» these, whioh sprang from the excellence of the British constitution, would the members of that House embrace the de- mocracy of the United -tate«-most emphatically ho answered, no The hon. member concluded by a reference to a work of Wash- ington Irving, giving a humourous description of an American cleotion, resuming his scat after an expression of his thanks to the House for listening to hi» lengthy address. ' Mr. BLAKE moved the adjournment of the Houso Until Wed- nesday. Mr. DEAS THOMSON suggested that it would be better to take i Tuesday, nnd moved an amendment to that effect, i Mr. WISE seconded tho amendment. Sir ALFRED STEPHEN supported the amendment, i The SOLICITOR-GENERAL was anxious to consult the conve ' nience of the House, and had oonaulted some bon. members, whs had informed him they conld not attend, while ho himself was de- sirous of having two days to look through the bill to seo what amendments he could assent to. ' ' Mr. WISE observed that it would be better to dispose of the I second reading, after whioh some time might be taken to consider r any amendments. Mr. HILL supported the original motion for the adjournment to Wednesday. > Dr. DOUGLASS supported the amendment, as did also Mr. , ISAACS and Mr. Justice THERRT. Mr. BLAND supported the original motion. I Mr. NORTON supported the amendment. ' i Dr. DICKSON supported the original motion, urging that if the r I House did not oonsent to the adjournment they ought to go on t with it at once. -. i The House divided, and there were for the original motion : , Ayes, 15. Noes, 20. Mr. Blake Mr. Isaacs Pennington Deas Thomson 3 The Solicitor-General Park > Mr. Bland Docker t Prince Dr. Douglass Dr. Dickson Mr. Wise 1 Mr. Forbes i i Lord ; Robey Sir Alfred Stephen ¡ Dr. M'Forlane A Mr. Berry : Mr. Bussell A'Beokett i Lang Comrie s Hunt , Holden 1 Jones Dr., Mitchell Byrnes Mr.' Broadhurst Hill. < Faithful t Alexander .* Norton i Allen ' Merewether I J ..i M i JusticeTherry. The amendment was accordingly carried, and the House ad- journed at a quarter tb eleven p.m. until four o'clock on Tuesday next. " \ COUVT OF BKQtrxsTS.-£10 Jurisdiction.-The £durt wm resume it» sittings at ten o'clock; this morning, when the first case heard will be No. fiOl. PBKSENTATIOH.-On the evening of Thursday last, the 9th instant, a deputation from the Presbyterian congregation, ' Pyrmont, waited on the Rev. Robert Boag, A.M., and presented him with a purse of sovereigns, as a mark or esteem for him per- sonally, and of gratitude for bia valuable and disinterested minis- terial Services. Coacoota's INQUBST.-An Inquest, on view of tho body or Ann Elliott, aged 40 years, was held yesterday, at the Glasgow Arms, George-street North. Deceased was a midwife, and bad been In attendance upon a Mrs, Hodge, residing In Gloucester-street. She wai engagiHl in washing and dressing Mr». Hodge'» infant at 9 o'clock on Tnursdaji morning, when she complained of severe pain «bout the region of her heart, and extending in a backward direc- tion.L Suddenly she had a dying appearance, attentions if ere shown her, but she died within a quarter or an hour or (he attack. Verdict-Died from disease of the heart. Deceased had the sha raotororbiingan industrious woman. She was mother of four children, and her husband was under a two years' sentence in Darlinghurst. 