ALLEGED MURDER IN HIGH LIFE. A trial for murder was commenced on Monday at Evreux, which is destined to take rank among the most celebrated of causes célebres. A lady of noble family, handsome fortune, and hitherto unblemished character, inhabiting the ancestral mansion of her late husband, ,her two sons, and an old faithful servant, are accused of the wilful murder of a neighbor who was at one time on intimate' terms with the family, but whose acqaint- ance, for reasons which do not clearly appear, it was lately desired to drop. The circum- stances are shortly as follows :—Madame Jeufosse is the widow of M. de Lanièpce de Jeufosse, a cavalry officer of some distinction, who retired from the service on the accession of Louis Philippe, in 1880, and from that period to the time of his death, about ten years since, resided on his estate, the Chateau de Jeufosse, a few miles from Evreux. M. de Jeufosso left a widow, two sons, and one daughter, and a fortune of about £1,000 a year. Madame de Jeufosse, whose maiden name was de Beauvais, belonged to an old and much-respected family of Vexin. She is now fortty-nine years of age. Her two sons, Ernest and Albert de Jeufosse, now respectively of the ages of twenty-five and twenty-two years, have, since their education was finished, been in the habit of passing the greater part of the year in Paris, where they did business at the Bourse. They always, however, went to stay with their mother at the Chateau during a part of the summer. The daughter, Mdlle. Blanche de Jeufosse, is in her nineteeth year. Since the death of her husband, Madame de Jeufosse lived a very retired life and dovoted herself to the education of her children. At the time of the tragical event to be presently men- tioned, there was a governess in the house named Mdlle. Laurence Thouzery, a young lady about 20 years old. Orespel, the man- servant, 43 years old, was born at Jeufosse, and has passed all his life in the service of his family. The name of the individual whose violent death is the subject of the now pend- ing inquiry was Emile Guillot, and this com- pletes the dramatis personae. M. Guillot be- longed to a rich tradesman's family of Gaillon a village not far from Jeufosse. His father was a. government contractor, and had left all his sons, of whom there were several, £1.000. a-year a-piece. M. F. Guillot, who was 32 years of age, was married to a young wife, and had two children of tender years. He is described as having been a person of frank and pleasing manners. .Although the Jeu- fosse family was, both in feeling and habit, altogether arlstocratic, and seldom visited any but aristocratic families, it happened that, about two years since a more than ordinary intimacy sprung up between them, and Mon- sieur and Madame Guillot. This intimacy continued down to January in this year, when for reasons, which as Madame de Jeufosse is alleged to have stated concerned the honor of her family, she determined to break off the acquaintance. M. Gniliot had brought scan- dal upon the governess, and then addressed himself with similar impropriety to the daughter. Madame Guillot at once resigned herself to this rupture, but Monsieur Guillot could not, or would not, believe that it was serious and final. He thought that Madame de Jeufosse had merely given way to a mo- mentary caprice, and that there would be no difficulty in renewing the old friendship, which he appeared greatly to desire. He way- laid the family whenever they went out, and spoke to them gaily as if nothing had hap- pened. Madame de Jeufosse was greatly annoyed at these attempts to make her re- voke what, on her part, was a settled resolu- tion. The Chateau de Jeufosse is a building of the time of Louis XIV, or Louis XV. The principal front .is separated from the road by a court of honor and a high iron railing. At the back there is a lawn sloping to the garden, beyond which there is a park sur- rounded by a low wall. It is stated that M. Guillot had several times got over the wall at night, in order to deposit in a certain hollow tree a letter for some inmate of the Chateau de Jeufosse. However this may be, it is certain that on the 13th of June last, at about 10 in the evening, he, accompanied by a servant named Gros, rode on horseback along a lane that bounded the park wall, and choos- ing a favorable spot, slipped off his horse upon the top of the wall and jumped down into the park. Hardly had he done so when the report of a gun was heard, and M. Guillot fell mor- tally wounded. He called out for help to his servant Gros, but the latter, panic-stricken, ran as hard as he could to the chateau, where he knocked hard at the door, but could get nobody to answer. He then ran back to the spot where his master fell, and found him writhing in the dust in the agonies of death. M. Guillot charged him to convey his dying farewell to his wife and children, and to ask their pardon, and then breathed his last. Gros, however, was too frightened to go back to his mistress that night. He went to a friend of the family, a retired lawyer, named Tripet, living at Courmoulin, to whom he told his story, and it was not till the next day that the body of Guillot was re- moved from the spot in the park where he fell. It is alleged in the indictment that the fatal shot was deliberately fired by Crespel, the cid servant, by the orders of Madame de Jeufosse and her two sons, and that, it being known that M. Guillot had been in the habit of getting over the park wall, Crespel had been lying in wait for him with his gun for several nights successively. The trial commenced on Tuesday, and was expected to last several days, there being 76 witnesses to examine on both sides. The following are the particulars relating to the commission of the murder as stated in the indictment :— On the 17th of March last Ernest de Jeu- fosse the elder, wrote to Guillot a menacing letter, which, however, Madame Guillot in- tercepted :— "I hear that the grounds of Jeu- fosse are haunted by ghosts. I warn you that I have given orders that they shall be fired at, and I have promised a reward to those who shall hit them!" Ernest also wrote a letter to Crespel which has not been preserved, but which said, "I fear that some one hangs about the chateau at night. You neglect your duty in not preventing that; you should give a good peppering to the man who does it. If I were on the spot I would do so, and you ought to replace me!" On the 19th of May an inter- view was appointed to take place between: Ernest de Jeufosse and Guillot at the house of a relative of the latter, and in presence of a mutual friend. Ernest breakfasted at a notary's at Gaillon, and took too much to drink. On the way to the meeting he more than once fell off his horse, and he cried out, "If it be after Laurence (the governess) that Guillot comes there shall be a duel; but if it be after my sister he shall be killed!" To this the gentleman who accompanied him, Mr. Duhazé, answered, "A gentleman fights a duel, but assassinates no one!" What oc- curred at the interview is not stated. As to Alfred de Jeufosse,.he was not inactive. In April he passed some time at the chateau, and each night he watched in the grounds himself. On leaving he said to Crespel, "Be on the alert. Do not be afraid—do what I should do my- self—fire at the man you see!" From these circumstances, the indictment alleged that all the family of Jeufosse, with the excep- tion of Blanche, were resolved, while taking: care to incur no risk themselves, to cause the death of Guillot. As to this person, it went on to say, he continued to enter the grounds at night, and deposited letters as before. Madame de Jeufosse knew this: she even pretended that she herself took the letters and destroyed them, and that thus no reply was given to them. In June her irritation increased immensely, and to act on the mind of her guard she asserted what was false—that her apartments had been entered, and she said, "You do not watch well enough. You do not remember the promise you made to my husband! You do not support the honor of his name and that of my children. You must put an end to the scandal of these nocturnal visits at any cost!" And she added, "Fear nothing. The procureur- imperial and the examining magistrate have both told me that we can fire on those who act as this man does, and that even if death ensue, we shall not be disquieted!" In con- sequence of this, every night Crespel, armed with his gun, was on the watch, generally close to the chamber of the lady. On the 6th of June she told him that the nocturnal visits still continued, and that she had proofs of them. On the 8th she told him the same thing, and that he must watch all night and take rest during the day. On the 9th, she sat up to a late hour, and did not close her chamber until 1 o'clock. On the 10th, she was on the watch with Crespel. On the 11th, she was watching before he arrived. In the morning of the 12th she made him promise to be exact, but she said that she could not come to him, as she feared the servants would see her. It was on that night that the crime was committed; and though Crespel was alone when he did it, he knew that his mistress was on the watch—and when he had done it he went straight to her chamber. It was there- fore clear, the indictment declared, that a voluntary murder had been committed, and that it had been commanded by the lady. Crespel had pretended that he had killed the man by mistake, he having, in his emotion, pulled the trigger of the barrel of his gun, which was loaded with slugs, when he had in- tended to pull that of the other barrel, which was only loaded with shot; but that version was not only improbable, but it appeared that the shot at the distance from which he fired would have caused death. The day after, when Crespel was arrested, Alfred de Jeufosse said, with great excitement, in presence of the magistrates: "There are few good servants, and yet see how they are treated when they do their duty! I should have done what he has done if I had been in his place!" Madame de Jeufosse on her part said, in the hope, no doubt, of obtaining the man's silence: "Adieu, my poor Crespel! Courage—we will not abandon you!" "Yes, yes," answered Orespel: "adieu—courage— that is easy to say! But see what it is to serve faithfully! You said, 'Kill, kill!' that there was nothing to fear, that you had con- sulted the procureur-imperial and the exam- ining magistrate! And now see my position —I am taken and you remain!" On the whole, the indictment alleged that Guillot had been assassinated by the prisoners in complicity, and that the gamekeeper was only a guilty instrument, the other three being morally responsible. UP HILL WORK.—Chasing balloons and collecting newspaper accounts. . A STOUT OPPONENT OF THE DOCTORS.—Mon- taigne criticises the manners of the doctors of his day, and grimly complains that, in such disorders as his, for example, disdainfully taking advantage of human misery, they ad- ministered rats' dung and other such filth. He alludes to "him who had the throats of children cut in order to use their blood;" meaning, probably, Francis the Second, ac- cused by the people of using this expedient under the direction of his mother, to prolong his wretched life. I believe it .was she who was said to have used a child's blood "to make a wash." In fact, Montaigne found that all the prejudices and superstitions of the ancients continued in practice up to his own time, with the addition of many others. Me- dicine, indeed, had hecome so confused and arbitrary, that it was rather a magical art than a science. He notices the recent intro- duction of gayac, sarsaparilla, and other drugs; but, as I have said, the revolutions at- tempted in his time—equivalent to the revo- lutions in religion, philosophy, literature, and the arts,—by Paracelsus, Fioravanti, and Argenterius, he did not appreciate. As might have been expected, he takes a malicious pleasure in enumerating the mistakes of doc- tors. A kind of plague had ravaged the country in his neighborhood shortly before, and carried away an infinite number of men. As soon as the storm was passed, a famous doctor published a pamphlet on the subject, and confessed that the chief cause of the mor- tality that took place was, that the disease was met by bleeding, instead of some other remedy. Recently, also, at Paris, a gentle- man was cut for the stone, who had no such disease; and a bishop, a great friend of Mon- taigne, called him once to come and advise him whether he should comply with the wishes of the doctors, and consent to be cut. Mon- taigne, on the faith of others, persuaded him. When he was dead and opened they found his disease had some other seat. These and other incidents made Montaigne determine whatever might happen, never to consent to the operation. "These doctors," he says, —don't know anything about the police of this little world. Because they would not stop a dysentery, for fear of bringing on a fever, they killed me a friend who was worth more than them all put together." — Biography pf Montaigne, the Essayist. By Bayle St. John. 