ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. We do not identify our opinions with those of our Correspondents. To the Editor of the Daily Mercury. To the Editor of the Hobart Town Daily Mercury. Sirs-I have 133a sometimes considering the cause of such utter disregard in the people of Tasmania, to everything pertaining to literature and I confess the conclusions I have arrived at after very mature consideration, are by no means satisfactory to myself, neither are they I fear very flattering to any body else : though without the slightest danger of giving offence, for this manifest reason that no individual is over offended about anything in which he never takes the least interest. As, for instance, mechanic would not feel hurt if he were charged with ignorance of astronomy, neither would a lawyer be displeased if he were told that he could not preach a sermon unless perhaps. he was paid for it. These cases I take to be parallel, and think will not be disputed by any reasonable person. The principal reason, I conceive, for the inattention and neglect of cultivating a taste for letters, especially among the natives of this colony, is, in a great measure, to be attributed to their education. For it must be an undeniable fact that when youths leave school, they are immediately compelled to concentrate their whole thoughts and energies into one point, which is, to hunt after and pursue with indefatigable zeal the root of all evil. That the sons of tradesmen in the city are forced to this is not to be wondered at, because their parents, who have not, generally speaking, been educated themselves beyond the mere skill required to calculate their profits and losses, have no alternative, however willing they may be, but to bring ^ up their children to the Kama trade, as themselves. But that the sons of gentlemen in the country; who are mostly employed in superintending sheep stations, and must consequently have a vast deal of spare time on their hands, are not better educated is a matter that may cause surprise.' The only explanation that I can give to this singular reluctance is, that an example is wanted, for it is well known, as a celebrated writer says, "that man is so apt to imitate so much of the nature sheep, that whoever is so bold to give the first great leap over the heads of those about him, though he be the worst of the flock, shall be quickly followed by the rest." I have italicised the word sheep because it is somewhat appropriate to these who pass their whole lives among them, and can so well observe their dispositions and habits. That this example may no longer he wanted, I call upon you, sir, to exert your authority as censor, and also as an en- courage of polite literary writing, to invite discussions upon various subjects through the medium of your journal, which may now be easily done during these dull times, since Parliament has been prorogued, and consequently that men's minds are not in such a terrible state of excitement about the form of government, of which the majority must necessarily be perfectly ignorant. That there is a necessity for an improvement in this kind of writing is observable by any one who reads the numerous letters to editors of the journals if ever any one does read them. The gross improprieties in grammar which may be seen are deplorable, and attended with consequences of which the writers are, I fear, not aware. "For allowing that there is, so no times a suggestion or remark worthy of notice (I am not speaking ironically though I give good grounds' for my- renders supposing so it is so hopelessly involved in obscurity or written in terms so ambiguous, that the letter and writer are both condemned by every judicious reader. The answers to the oracles of old were always ambiguous, and, if this be the reason for these Vfi'iters adopting the style, I have fallen into a lamentable error, and shall be heartily glad to own my mistake if they can give convincing reasons and will moreover do all in my power to show the world the wonderful perfection, to which these authors have attained. Still I would tKpdjestly venture to suggest that when a man sits down to write, whether, if he wishes his subject to be clearly understood, it would not be as well to endeavour to express it in an intelligible manner. Of course I only throw this out as a suggestion, because they may have excellent reasons for the contrary method, and which are not obvious to common minds, only because their Reasons are too greatly re- fined, and besides I would not willingly incur the displeasure of such, profound writers who, whatever faults they may be charged with in- regard to the meaning of words, it must be alleviated they are unrivalled with respect to the sound. For I have often, observed when choir intention is i j, lower their adversary in the a, union of the world, they invariably choose words that naturally have the greatest sound, such as, horror, camp, and the like, used indiscriminately.. Now I would ask you Sir, whether the frequent issues such pleases, has not the opposite effect intended and I wish, you could convince them that every. sensible man who was obliged to read such letters, would always look upon them with horror; but I must confess I should feel some curiosity to see the person who was in terror train, the pen of such a writer. But perhaps Sir, we are altogether mistaken in our conjecture and that why we are so destitute of every kind of literary production, is because we type not so very clear OQp,ç9pvi°0 of what literature is the expounding of which, if necessary, I shall leave to you. Perhaps we imagine it to be some malignant disease which is caught by infection, and ought therefore to be kept in perpetual quarantine. Or perhaps it is thought to be a ghost, and that, if seen, we shall he frightened to death; or probably we conceive it to be something in connection with law, and that if we are once mixed up with it, we shall be inevitably lost for over; avaricious gentlemen (an impossibility though) may think it a bad speculation, and doubt whether it will pay: or which indeed is the shrewdest hint of all, we very likely fancy it is something which will materially benefit us, and therefore we utterly discard it. I fear that I have already taken up too much of your paper, so that I shall now conclude, hoping that you will endeavour to find a remedy for these formidable obstructions, for beginner? are sometimes like children, who may be terrified at an undefined object in the dark, but often smile at the cause of their terror when viewed by the light. Momus, [We do not know whether our correspondent believes us to be a second d Hercules that he designs for us so far midable a task as that of cleansing this modern Augean Stable. We have often observed with sorrow the growth of the evil of which Moirus complains. We believe with William Cobbett that slovenly writing is the sure sign of a slovenly mind. If men do not think clearly they will never write clearly. We could find in the leading columns of one or two of our contemporaries on each side of the Island sentences for the composition of which any school boy in our youthful days would have been deservedly whipped. Men seem determined not to understand that that which is clearly and intelligibly written, and which demands the least mental effort from the reader in order to his understanding what is written, is the most eloquently written. Fine and obsolete words, and clashes and commas in the most glorious confusion, constitute the majority of sentences in modern writing in this Colony. It is only by infinite labor that the writer's meaning can be guessed at. But how is this to be rectified ? To write grammatically now-a-days is the exception not the rule; and he who would bring about amore correct style of writing must commence by inducing a more correct style of thinking. What a task If Messrs undertakes it he will discover that the task so under taken is no laughing mattered. II. T. M.] 