VICTORIA. (Abridged from the. S. M. Herald.) FRIDAY JRÍqnNiNü, 11TH JUNE Ballaarat has once more astonished the colony by the production of a monster nugget. On Wednesday afternoon, the Red Hill Mining Company, consisting of twenty two working miners, unearthed a splendid lump of pure gold, weighing two thousand two hundred and seventeen ounces, seventeen pennyweights (2217 ozs 17 dwts). its value is estimated at £8705. It is described in the local press as " 20 inches long by 6 or 7 inches broad, and nearly as much deep." " It had a narrow escape," says the Ballaarat Times, " from 'being two nuggets instead of one, for at a point one-third from the end its continuity is only maintained by a narrow neck, which is so slight that the men were afraid to handle their prize much, lest they. should break it in two. In shape it, has a grotesque resemblance to a skeleton horse's head and shoulders the narrow part we have mentioned representing the neck ; or it looks like a continent with a peninsula attached to it by a narrow isthmus." It was taken out on the Bakery Hill lead, not far from the township. The Monsoon has arrived at Melbourne. The Wizard of the North is on board. An important movement is working its quiet way here for the establishment of a Sailors'' Home. When I last addressed you we were about to have another torch-light procession inflicted on us. The mob met on Monday evening, according to the programme, but the weather was fearfully cold and cheerless. About fifty' men shivered beneath their torches for an hour, while some stump orators bowled from a platform and Coppin's lions roared from an adjacent stand. About four hundred people looked on, while the stragglers passing in their way made up a migratory audience of about four hundred more. When all the speakers had done with denouncing oligarchies the torch" mob separated, first extinguishing their torches. The Government will give the contractors possession of the land for the Melbourne and Murray River Railway on Thursday next. ST. FRANCIS'S CATHEDRAL The opening of the Lady Chapel at St. Francis's Cathedral yesterday morning was marked by an imposing religious ceremony, in accordance with the rites of the Roman Catholic Church. Shortly after 11 o'clock high mass was celebrated at the altar of the cathedral, by the Most Reverend Archbishop Polding, of Sydney, assisted by Bishop Goold and a large number of the clergy, A sermon of a congratulatory character, suitable to the occasion, was then preached by Dr. Geoghegan, after which a procession was formed, consisting of the Archbishop, Bishop, clergy, 52 girls and 52 boys, attired in white and bearing lighted torches. Besides these, there were ban- ner bearers and others, making up a procession of a somewhat extensive description While these were passing and re passing through the church on their way to the new chapel, which is known as the Chapel of the. Sacred Heart of Mary the choir and organ were pealing forth the magnificent music of Haydn's Imperial Mass," adding greatly to the effect produced by a peculiar and interesting scene. The numbers of the procession completely filled the Lady's Chapel, where, after a brief interval of adoration before the altar of the Virgin, the ceremonial ended with the benediction. The new chapel presents one of the most beautiful interiors of which our city can boast. It is situated on the western side of the cathedral, and contains several windows, all of which are intended to be filled up with stained glass. At present two large windows and an oriel are so ornamented, the paintings respectively representing the Immaculate Conception, the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, and the Descent of the Holy Ghost The mural decorations are alike costly and tasteful, and reflect much credit on the artists who have been employed in their formation. The pillars are judiciously colored, and the carvings of the most elaborate kind. The altar, when crowded with lighted tapers, embellished with flowers, and surmounted by a gilded statue of the Virgin Mary, presents an imposing appearance. Indeed, the only fault which can be found with the c»ape| is that it is too rich to harmonise well with the rest of the building. ABDUCTION. On Tuesday morning the detective police arrested a man named Edward Burns, alias Smith, who is charged with abduction, under circumstances which lead to a belief that he will be indicted for a capital offence. His victim is a girl scarcely ten years of age, and a daughter of a Mr. Turner, a pia.fo forte tuner, residing in Castlereagh-street, Sydney. The prisoner is represented as having induced her to leave home under a pretence that he would take her to school to her brother ; but instead of doing so, he prevailed on her to accompany him on board a steamer, and brought her on to Melbourne. The child's parents are not yet aware of her destination. When | apprehended, prisoner, who is a middle aged man, stated the girl was his sister! He has been remanded for a week Melbourne Herald. CAPTURE OF A BANK DEFAULTER. Amongst the passengers per Emeu, were Detective Grant and Raven the defaulting bank clerk, of whom the public has heard so much in connection with the Francis frauds upon the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. Detective Grant left Melbourne in the Emeu three months ago, armed with a warrant to arrest Raven for fraud and embezzlement and from what we have heard that officer has performed the duties of his mission with much tact and intelligence. After an infinite deal of trouble and inquiry, he succeeded in tracing the fugitive to the island of Jaffanapatara, north-east of Ceylon, where he arrested him whilst seated at the dinner table of one of the island grandees. Raven manifested much nonchalance at finding himself over- reached, but, nevertheless, bore his misfortunes with becoming good temper. The captor placed his prisoner on board a small brig, and steering for the Madras Presidency put in at Colombo, and thence reached Galle, where he joined the Emeu. On arriving at Colombo, on his outward passage, it was found that the warrant was defective, but the Advocate-General very promptly remedied the defects, which might otherwise have invalidated the sub sequent arrest. It was also ascertained that some letters and newspapers had been addressed to Raven's brother-in-law which, had they been received before the arrival of the detective, would have enabled Raven to defeat the ends of justice. These the post office authorities at Ceylon deemed it their duty to detain for a short time, so that the officer and Raven's private des patches reached their destination about the same time, and thus the value of their " early intelligence was rendered of no Lavan, Melbourne Herald, a . .' i HORRIBLE CASE OF POISONING NEAR HEATHCOTE. One of the most fearful cases of poisoning- that it has been our lot to record for some time occurred yesterday at the station belonging to Messrs. Cox and Bissett, near Heathcote. It appears from what we have been able to glean from this horrible affair that the cook on the farm wishing to make some cakes for dinner, and being short of flour, went to a cask of arsenic, kept on the premises, and used, we suppose, for the purpose of cleansing sheep, and took therefrom a portion of arsenic, supposing it to be Sour, using it in the same man- her as he would have done had it been so. Two men who were engaged on the farm partook of these cakes, as well as the cook ; and the three men, after suffering fearful torments, died yesterday afternoon. This is another instance, added to the number that have already occurred in the colony, of deaths resulting from poison being allowed on premises without any precaution being taken to prevent ignorant domestics from making use of it for culinary purposes and unless some check is put by the Legislature upon the sale and use of persons of all descriptions we are afraid that it will not be the last. We understand that an inquest is to be held on the bodies to-day, when we have no doubt that some more particulars connected with this awful affair will be brought to light Bendigo Advertiser. 