HIS GRACE THE ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY IN IPSWIOH. (From the North Australian. Out. 9.fi .'i During the laBt week his Grace has been occupied, in the discharge of hi9 episcopal duties. CONFIRMATION. _ A solemn administration of the rite of Confirma ion took place on Saturday last, tho 23rd mutant in the temporary Catholic Church in this town' when 169 persons were presented to the Arch' bishop, and confirmed at the altar. Of those a great majority were youths of botli sexes, who ap peared in neat whito attire, and gave stromr inrif. cation, in their wholo demeanour, of a proper sense of the solemn duties in which they were engaged Deari Rignoy on his Grace's right, and tho Rev! W. M'Ginty on the left, presented the postulantB, after the manner of the Roman Catholic Cliuroh. We have heard that tho spiritual exercises' in preparation for their confirmation have ongaged tho youthful candidates and their clergy during a whole week, nearly day and night: bonce comes the very striking decorum, no doubt, which gave satisfaction to all, and surprised many during the confirmation on Saturday. CONSECRATION OF THE OATIIOHO CEMETERY On Sunday evening, the 24th instant, tho Arch bishop consecrated the Roman Catholic Cemetery near Ipswich, before the largest assemblage ever seen in the neighbourhood. The aged prelate, in full pontificals, perambulating the circuit of tho enclosure for the dead, amidst the sounds of prayer and psalmody, and offering a word of warning to the young and thoughtless from tho brink of the grave, as it were, was certainly a scene of more than common impressiveuess. The core uiuiuKa cuuunueu as long as there was light, and many of the parishioners wero overtaken by the night on their return home, but they one and all seemed to think the ceremonies and services too short, at least ive heard of no repining, but all seemed happy at the presence of their bfshop, and their only regret would seem to be that they cannot have his Grace longer amongst them. Wednesday is said to be the day of his projected departure 3?0UNDATION-STONE OF THE NEW OATHO1IC cnr/KCii. Yesterday the Archbishop kid the foundation stone of the splendid stone church which our Koman Catholic brethren are erecting in this town in accordance with the arrangements announced in our last issue. A vast concourse assembled around the venerable prelate, notwithstanding the threaten ing aspect of the weather. The meeting was not conimed to members of the congregation, men of all denominations wero there to wish God-apeed to the good work, and to give their more substantial aid to the building by their contributions on tho foundation-Btone. We understand that tho v«rv handsome sum of £570 9s. 3d. was contributed, and we now look forward to the pleasure of seeing this une church rearing its grand proportions in our midst, before long, decorating our prcreasinff township, and affording ample accommodation to the largo and respeetuble section of our community for whose religious services it is intended. In a cavity prepared beneath the foundation-stone was deposited a copy of our last issue, printed on silk, together witli some current eoina of Great Britain and other countries, and a few old unique pieces of copper money and of silver; also? a highly decorated inscription on parchment, with a copy of which the Kev. W. M'Ginty has favoured us, and which we have much pleasure in laying before our readers, together with an English trans lation. (inscription.) In nomino Patris et Filii et Spirilus Sancti.—Amen. In fide Jesu Christi. Ad Gloriam Dei Altissimi. Prhnarium Lapidem IIiijus Eccilsite ad honorem Deipura Virginis Marice,, Christ ianonm Anxiliatricis, collocavk Joannes Beda, Archiepiscopus Sydneiensis, lieverendo admodum Joanne Rigney, Deca'nq. et Revcrendo Gulielmo M'Gmty, Missionario VisMctus Ministerium prcebentibus, adslante amplis'siinafidclium corona, ? ' ? Die vigessimo quivto Octohris, ? \\. * ' Annorcparatce suhttis, ?.:.-..?? ' ??'MDCCCLVIII, . ,; PIO NONO/e/(ei.M/-e Ecclesiam Regcnte VICTORIA in Britanniisregnaiite,' .?'?'. et /';?. . : ejus vices in Australia gerente, Gulielmo Thomas Denison, Equite aurato ; Qnem et quos Deus optimus sospitesdiu conserved (transi/ation.) In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.— Amen. In the Faith of Jesus Christ. To tho Glory of the Most Higli God. The Foundation stone of this Church, dedicated to God in honour of the Blessed Virgin Marv the Heip oe Christians, was laid : by John Bede, Archbishop of Sydney ? The Very Reverend John Eigney, Dean, and tha Kev. William M'Ginty, Missionary of the District ' Assistant Ministers ; in presence of a large concourse of the Faithful, this 25th day of October. in tho year of our Lord, MDCCCLVIII Tho Supreme Pontiff, His Holiness Pope PIUS the Ninth. Queen VICTORIA reigning in Great Britain, and Sir William Thomas Denison, Governor-General ? of Australia : All whom may the Good God long preserve.— St.TJede's Catholic Cmmon, Braidwood. — We have been favoured with a view of the plans of the Catholic Church about to be erected in Wallace- street, by the contractor, Mr. Holder. The entire length of the structure will be 90 feet, that of the porch 50 feet, and that of the transepts 51 feet. In the porch there will be a stained window. The ' building has been designed by Mr. Monro of Sydney, and is intended to be a neat plain structure, devoid of all unecessary and meretricious ornament. The only sculptural decorations on the outside will probably be certain figures placed in niches left purposely for them on each side of the porch. The sacristy is intendedto be 10 feet by 1] feet. The present chapel will be occupied by the resident clergyman until more suitable premises can be erected. Mr. Sweeny, of Lower Araluen, lias ofFered the use of his large room for the performance of ; divine services whenever the Revi Mr. O'Brien shall visit the Lower Diggings. — Braidwood Observer. ., ., A Correspondent at Bathurst writes to us ' to complain of a. practice carried out by the autho rities there, of excluding Catholics from juries in ??-- civil .cases, while, at the same time, in criminal pro ceedings, Catholics are ._ called to act as jurors. ' Surely,' observes our correspondent ' a man who is qualified to act in cases of life and death is capable of acting on a jury when pounds, shillings, and pence are the subject matter..' Such conduct on the part of the officials at Bathurst, however petty and contemptible, is, nevertheless, calculated to produce much mischief by engendering party and sectarian feelings, the bad passions arising from' which our colony is freer from than any country in the world. To act as a juror does not confer any . material advantage — uuite otherwise; but, at thesame time, the Catholics of Bathurst are quite right in resenting a system which ignores their responsibili ties as citizens, insults them as Catholics by impli cation that they would not mete out impartial justice, and does them positive wrong as plaintifis or defendants, by excluding their CQ-religiouists from holding the scales of justice between man and man. Could Catholics have confidence in the administration of the law if exclusiveness such as this should become prevalent ? Would Protestants,, or Prcsbyteriaus, or Wesley ans, remain content if Catholics only were called to act as jurors 1 It is not their custom, and they are right. We advise, '. then, the Catholics of Bathurst, however paltry and insignificant this proceeding may appear, to tolerate it no. longer, and we say to them as we do to every Catholio in the colony, to never remain quiescent when a public official does any act having the least shade of exclu&iveness.; Two deaths from the effects of intem perance have just taken place at Canipbelltown. One of them went to bed drunk, and never awoke again; the other died- from an exhausted consti- .-. tution the effects of continued intemperance. 