PRESBYTERIAN COLLEGE. AÎUBLIO meeting was held yesterday evening in the In-t Schoolroom, Oastlereagh-streét, in, order to toe steps to promote the erection of a Presbyterian Cilege within the Sydney University. Che schoolroom was well filled,* and among the adience we noticed the Rev. Dr. Woolley, Professor Suth, Mr. Hay, M.L.A. : Mr. Marks, M.L.A. ; Mr. Ickson, M;L.A. ; Mr. Gordon, M.L A, ; and Mr. idcorn, M.L.A. A considerable number of ladies *re present. The Governor-General took the chair, and read the 1 Ivertisement convening the meeting. The meeting was then opened with prayer, after hich ' His EXCELLENCY said, before the business of the sembly commenced it might be as well perhaps that i should say a few words explanatory of the object r which they had been called together, and he would o so first, because in his capacity as visitor of the "niversity he might be expected to'have something to ay on the subject; asd second, because as tovernnr of the colony he had a direct and ositive interest in all those undertakings whioh ended to promote the best interests of the people who esided in it. (Cheers.) They were aware that a university was established for the general education of he people, and consequently that it was impossible religious instruction, so called-dogmatic instruction in religion-could be taken up by any one professor or by any one set of persons, on account of the many opinions which existed on the subject. Therefore the Legislature in its wisdom-and he used the word 'wisdom" deliberately- had given every pos- sible facility; for the institution of colleges , within the University, to which persons could send 'heir children to reside under proper superintendence 'and this would be a great advantage to those who ived at a distance), and be instructed in religious matters, which could not possibly be separated from education. The object of the Legislature, in making provision for the establishment of these affiliated col leges, was that each sect or denomination of Christians should be able to establish a college where the young men of its own persuasion might be instructed in the principles and doctrines of that form of religion which they approved ; and they were now met for the purpose of providing funds to enable them to take advantage of the liberality the legislature had evinced, in offering a certain sum, on certain condi tions-for the purpose of collecting funds in order to establish a college for those who professed the Presby- terian form of worship. (Cheers.) His Excellency ¡oncluded by caping upon Mr. Moon, the secretary, o read the repi , which was as follows : REPORT Or THE PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE. The present movement for tho ercotion and establishment of a 'rcsbytcrlan Collego within the University of Sydney, originated a the appointment of a committee of tho Synod of Australia at its ?rdinary sittings in the year 1856. When appointed, tho com aitteo were instructed by the Synod to take tho necessary steps, n accordance with the terms of the Sydney College Aot, for the stabllshment of a Presbyterian College, which would ho available oth for young men who should have in view tho holy ministry, nd for all others who should merely be desirous of obtaining a ound and a liberal education. Tho committee being impressed 4th tho importance and vastness of the work intrusted to them y the Synod, considered, that if it were possible to secure on inns which would bo acceptable to the Synod, the co oeratlon of other Presbyterian bodies, tho object of their opointment would be realised moro speedily and »Usfactorily than it waa likely to ho by proceeding in the work lone. Their desire was to erect a college in whioh the Fresby trians of the colony would have a common interest; and in tho lection and establishment of which every Scotsman, ovcry Pres- tarían, whatever his country, might take a part, so that the bestimablo benefits of such a useful and noble institution might b conferred upon tho youth of this our adopted land. bl this spirit » conference was opened between the committee of be Sydnod of Australia and tho committee of the Synod of lästern Australis ; but as the committee of the Synod of eastern Australia did not feel warranted to proceed without special in- n-notions from their Synod, they deferred oo-opcratlng with the temmittce of tbo Synod of Australia, until a meeting of their Brnod should bo called with special reference to this subject; ac- cordingly a mo re nata meeting of tho Synod of Eastern Australia WIÄ hela, when it waa agreed that their committee should oo-ope rat» with the committeo of tho Synod of Australia in the erection of tte College on tho following terms : First, scoond, third, fourth (Minuto Book). Immediately thereafter a meeting of the two committees was held, when a basts of union and co-operation in this Important matter was rapidly agreed to; both com- mittees joined, and formed a joint provisional committee, whioh then proceed to arrange preliminary matters-to draw np a prospectus, the information of the public-to obtain sub- scriptions-and to rrame resolutions, with a view to the holding of a public meeting, to whioh should bo invited all Presbyterians, who should ngrcc to erect and establish the proposed college, in accordance with the principles and on the basis of the Westminster standards. The drawing up of a prospectus, and the arranging of other preliminary and important matters, gave rise to a series of meet- ings of the provisional committee, the full particulars of which will bo found in the Minute Book, now submitted to this meeting for the perusal of all concerned. It was originally contemplated to hold this publia meeting in the month of November last, but as considerable time In settling preliminary 'matters had already been consumed, and as tho usual annual assemblings of both Synods were Just at hand, it was agreed to defer the publio meeting until after both Synods had met and deliberated, so that both committees might have an opportunity of reporting pragrp»« to their respec- tive Synods, and of receiving renewed or additional instructions. Accordingly, both Synods met, when the committee of the Synod of Australia were re-appointed, with special instructions ; they were furnished for th ir guidance with the following code of terms, in accordance with which they woro authorised to co-operate with other Presbyterian bodies in the crcetton and founding of thn proposed College, viz.-First, second, third fourth (see Minute Book) ; but the committee of tho Synod of Eastern Australia were discharged by a vote of their Synod. Tho resolutions of tho former pro re nata meeting, which had authorised tho committee to co- operate with the committeo of the Synod af Australia, in the erection of the College, having been resoinded. Thus, unfortunately, tho important object of establish- ing in this colony a Presbyterian Coliego in nocordanoo with the liberal terms of the Affiliated Colleges Act. was deprived of the countenanco of the Synod of Eastern Australia is a publio body. Nevertheless, as all the gentlemen, without exception, who had hitherto ns the committee of the Synod of Eastern Australia co-operated with tho committee of the Synod of Australia, signi- fied their desire and intention to continue to co operato " tho same terms, and with the same power as when commins! I by their Synod, it was accordingly agreed unanimously by the com- mittee of tho Synod of Australia that these gentlemen should still hold their positions as members of the joint provisional com- mittee. These difficulties having been surmounted, the joint committee opened communication with other bodies, with a view, if possible, to secure their influence and co-operation in carrying out the un- dertaking, but without success; they declined to unite with the joint committee for the erection of the College, because they dis- approved of the terms and principles of the Affiliated Colleges Act. It is proper that hero full explanation should be made as to tho canse or causet of the lengthened delay In calling this publia meeting. The delay has not been occasioned by any want of zeal or interest in the committee, nor because they are less impressed than at first with the Importance of the object sou; ht to bo ac- complished. It has already been noticed that the original inten- tion was tbat thia meeting should bavo been held in November of last year, and that It was deemed advisable, as both the Synod of Eastern Australia and the Synod of Australia would be holding their annual sittings in that month, to defer making any publia movement until both Synods should havo an opportunity to ratify and approve what their committee had done In making prelimi- nary arrangements. Immediately thereafter it was agreed that the public meeting should bo held in the month of December, of which public intimations appeared for several days in the newa Íiapers. A deputation had been appointed to wait upon his Excel ency the Governor-General to request that he would be pleased to take the chair, to which his Excellency had returned the favourable answer that ho would willingly preside. Just at that time, however, his Excellency met with a Bovero accident, whijh suddenly withdrew him from publio business, and the Committee were informed that in consequence his Exoellenoy would be unable to fulfil his engagement. It was then agreed that as tho honour of his Excellency's countenance and advocacy on the occasion would bo of great advantage in furtherance Of the object, the publio mooting should be hold as soon as the health of his Excollcncy would permit. Accordingly an early day in tho pre- sent year was fixed upon, but a crisis occurred in tho counoils of the country, whioh throw the country into the excitement of a general election, and necessitated many of our friends who pro- posed to take a part in tho meeting to leave the oity for a timo. The present, therefore, now that the business of the election is over, and most of our friends returned to the city, is the earliest day whioh the committeo considered tho holding of this publio meeting would bo practicable or successful. Tho committee beg to add that subscriptions havo already been obtained to the amount of several thousand pounds. They havo the honour to acknowledge that ono of the earliest subscriptions received was that of his Excellency tho Oovcrnor-Genoralfor£20. Thoy entertain no doubt that considerably more than tho mini- mum sum required by law, £10,000, will bo readily raised when tho objeots and advantages of the institution sought to be esta- blished are tally before the public They are sanguino In tho hope that from the liberal principles upon whioh the College will bo founded, and from the convenient arrangement made hy tho Affiliated Colleges Act for tho raising of subscriptions, a structure worthy of our national name, and worthy of our Presbyterian Faith, will soon add ornament to our city, and confer ita inestim- able blessings on our church and youth. The prospectus was then read. I The Rev. Mr. CAMERON moved the first resolution : - "That this meeting, recognising the inestimable value of a liberal education, based on Scriptural principles, combining classical and literary with philosophical and theological learning ; and realising the multiplied blessings to their Fatherlands of such education ; and acknowledging the munificence of the Legislature in establishing a university, and also in providing for the ereotion of colleges, resolve to take the necessary steps towards the instituting of a Presbyterian College in connection with the University of Sydney." He extremely regretted that the rev. gentleman originally appointed to move the resolution was not present to do his work. The gentleman to whom he alluded v. as the Rev. Dr. Mackay. (Cheers.) Cir- cumstances had led him to pay a short visit to Scot- land, and he was now on his way to that country. He (the Rev. Mr. O J meron) was sure that if it- had been possible for bim to have delayed his departure he would have done so, in order to have been present this evening to take the part allotted to him. He trusted that reverend gentleman might be spared to enable them to carry out the undertaking. (Cheers.) He felt that it was somewhat presumptuous in bim to attempt to act as his substitute this evening, but as he had been appointed to take, his place, he had assented to do BO, being well assured that he might count upon the sympathy and indulgence of those who had met to promote so great an undertaking. (Cheers.) He felt he was expressing the sentiments of all present when he said they were deeply indebted to his Excellency for presiding on the occasion-(ap p a se)-for they knew well the lively interest he felt in everything that concerns the moral and intellectual welfare of the colony. (Renewed cheering.) He was .glad to see so large .an attendance, and he felt assured there were many absent who,, if they could, .would .have been present. There were, however, many Pres- byterians in the colony who had not been able to see their way clear to come forward and take part in this enterprise_not a few who had felt themselves constrained by conscientious scruples to stand aloof. He regretted there should be such difficulties con- nected with the subject as to lead any to withhold their aid. Por MB own part, he frankly confessed that he was in no way troubled with doubts and scruples as to the propriety of taking p_t in this noble work ; on the contrary, he had felt compelled to come forward and give all the aid he could in promoting it. (ApplauBe.) He felt that were he to stand aloof he should be shamefully sacrificing the interests of Presbyterianism and casting away advantages and privileges which could not afterwards be recalled that he should be shamefully lacking in his duty to this land-to the people of their communion, to the interests of truth, and to those principles whioh he held and valued, (Cheers.) He thought it was necessary to state that it was not as a member of the Eastern Synod of Australia that he took part in this undertaking. The Synod to which he belonged had not seen its way to take part in it. He regretted this exceedingly, and he frankly confessed that the grounds on whioh the Synod to which he belonged had declined to come forward and take a part in this work appeared to his mind as possessing no great force. He felt, therefore, at perfect liberty, and indeed even called upon, to come forward as an individual and as a Christion minister acting on his own responsibility, to take part in so great an undertaking. , (Cheers.) He felt assured that a large majority of the Presby- terians in the colony, who were competent to form an intelligent judgment on this subject, were with them. (Cheers.) As there were some who seemed to think that the Free Church could not, consistently with their principles, take part in this enter- prise, he must pray the indulgence of the meeting while he endeavoured briefly to indicate the grounds on which he, as a Free Churchman, felt that he could warrantable take part in forwarding this noble work. He found that there was not a little misconception in the minds of many in this colony as to what the principles of the Free Church really are. Some seemed to be under the impression that the Free Church holds it to be wrong for a Government to offer, and wrong for the Church to accept any aid, for any purpose that waa purely or even partly religious ; and that as the Affiliated College Act involved the giving of money on the part of the Government, for a purpose at least partly religious, Free-Church- men could not, consistently with their principles, ac- cept such aid. New, he need hardly tell those who knew anything of the Free Church and its principles, that that Church really had no such principles at all. (Cheers.) The freedom the Free Church sought in disrupting was not freedom from State aid, but de- liverance from State tyranny. (Cheers.) The Free Church held that she had a right to expect to en* courage the aid of a Christian Government when en- gaged in the work of endeavouring to diffuse God's truth in the land. (Cheers.) She had never gone the length of absolving the State from its obligations towards the truth. Dr. Chalmers, writing several years after the disruption, made use of these striking words : -" Little do her enemies know that the Free Church is st this moment lifting up a far more influential testimony on the side of ecclesiastical endowment than can possibly be given in any other quarter of society. Hers is a wholly disinterested testimony in their favour, for she reaps no advantage from them ; but sorely aggrieved though she has been by ourselves, she will neither underrate the importance of their friendship, nor yet the solemn obligation whioh lies upon them to care for the religion of the people, and to provide within their own sphere for this best and highest interest of the commonwealth." He believed that language Of Dr. Chalmers faithfully represented the sentiments of the Free Churoh on this subject. He felt, therefore, that by consenting to ac- cept aid from the Government for the erection of a Presbyterian College for a purpose whioh was thus partly, at least, religious, he was in any way acting inconsistently with his principles as a Free Churchman. (Cheers.) But still further it was said, "If it be not inconsistent with Free Church principles to aocept of Government aid for a punióse partly religious, is it not at variance with Free Church prin- ciples to accept aid under a system that involves the indiscriminate endowment element, as this system does ?" Now he confessed that in coming to this colony he felt no small bewilderment in regard to this subject; but after weighing it in all its bearings, and after stating carefully the principles laid down and aoted on by the Free Church in reference to this matter, hft had come to the conclusion that the policy acted on by the Free Church was the policy recommended by true Christian wisdom. The Free Church had given practical demonstration of the manner in which she viewed this question. She took aid-Government aid-under a system that involved the indiscriminate endowment element just as fully as the Affiliated College Act did. The education scheme of the British Government involved this indiscriminate endowment element. It was based upon essentially the same principles as the Affiliated, Colleges "Act, and of the aid this offered the Free Church did most undeniably avail herself. The rev. gentleman then quoted several extracts from a letter oftheBev, Dr Duff of Calcutta, showing the prin- ciples held and acted upon by the Free Church in reference to Government aid, and as bearing out his previous remarks. He deemed it necessary to state that while as a Free Churchman he consented to accept the aid offered by the Government under the present system, that he most distinctly disapproved of the principle of endowing Truth and error indiscriminately, and he thought the fruit of propping up idolatry might be seen on looking to India. It had been I alleged that as Free Churchmen they could not consis- tently take'part in this undertaking, inasmuch as they were required to co- operate with Presbyterians of other denominations, who differed from them uDon some points which were considered important. Now, he did not hesitate to say that mere co-operation be- tween distinct and independent bodies in the carrying out of any good work did not necessarily imply that they harmonicated each others' distinctive principles. He held, therefore, that in co-operating with other Presbyterians of the colony, his own distinctive prin- ciples as a Free Churchman were in no way infringed upon. On those grounds, then, he felt that they could with the utmost con- sistency come forward and take part in this great and glorious undertaking. He felt some- what ashamed that, in consequence of tneir unhappy divisions, the Presbyterians of this colony had seemed to be so slow in moving in this matter, bat he hoped, although they were the last in the field, it would not be inferred they appreciated ' but lightly academic institutions-that they were lowest in their aeal for the noble cause of education. (Cheers.) The Pres- byterian Church had ever shown herself prompt and active in the cause of education, and she had as much ground as any other Protestant church to boast of their achievements. (Applause.) But before speaking of the connection between Presbyterianism and education, he might perhaps be allowed to say a few words with respect to Presby- terianism itself. Some had had the hardihood to affirm that Presbyterianism had no existence before the days of Calvin-that he invented it, and that it was Bet afoot in Geneva; but they (Presbvterians) were wont to maintain that they were the most ancientof all churches. They professed to derive their peculiar polity directly from Scripture, and they maintained theScripture distinctly presented, as exist- ing in the Apostolic age, those three features which constituted the peculiarity of their ecclesiastical polity, namely-parity of ministers, government of th« Church by ruling elders, and the attainment of unity by courts of review and courts of control. They also thought that those features continued to characterise the primitive Church until, in the second or third century, primitive simplicity began to give way bsfore the encroachments of cleri- cal ambition. But even then it was not left without its witnesses. The Albigenses and the Waldenses continued distinctly to testify on behalf of Presbyterian simplicity. The ancient Culdees of Ireland and Sootland were Presbyterians. St. Patrick, the great apostle of Ireland (eheers) it could be shown was also a Scotchman, bom on the banks of the Clyde, and a Presbyterian. (Cheers and laughter.) And at the Reformation it was very interesting and very gratifying to perceive with what almost entire unanimity the great" body of Reformers on the Coninent, Knox in Scotland, and many in England, testified on behalf of Pres- byterian principles. There was a general impression that Presbyterianism had a very limited form of eccle- siastical polity, but nothing could be further from the truth, for Presbyterianism was in fact the most exten- sive species of the genus Protestant ; and when they reckoned np all who held its essentials, they wonld find them to constitute the larger half of Protestant Christendom. (Cheers.) He thought on these grounds they were entitled to recognition, and to their due place in this colony. He might further show that Presbyterianism in all ages had exerted a most wholesome influence. It had ' always manifested itself in «11 ages « friendly to, th« right^of-an, and conducive to civil liberty ; it had manifested itself tobe in a remarkable measure conser- vative of sound doctrine and good morality; but what he was most ohieüy concerned to show this even- ing was, that Presbyterianism had always been friendly to the cultivation of knowledge. The Presbyterian Church had uniformly encouraged the cultivation of learning on the part of her ministers, for she required much at her hands. Her standard of qualification for the ministry was as high as, if not higher, than of any other Protestant Church, and she had', almost uni ormly showed herself to be the patron and promoter of widely diffused knowledge among the body of her people-erecting grammar schools and colleges where I ever she had had the opportunity, and a list of Pres- byterian names, distinguished in the annals of theo- logy, literature, and science, might be produced that would bear comparison with any which could be ex- hibited by any other Church in Christen- dom (Cheers.) In Scotland, where Presbyterianism had had fuller scope than perhaps in any other country in the world, they had succeeded ia training a race which, as Dr. Duff said, were " wiser for both worlds than perhaps any to be found in other lands." (Cheers.) Scotland had no less than five Universities, in which a large propor- tion of the youth of the country received a most liberal and wholesome education, which fitted them for places of distinction in whatever part of the world their lot was cast. (Cheers.) The resolution he held in his hand spoke of the " munificence" of the Go- vernment in connection with university education. He thought there could be but one opinion as to the liberality of sentiment displayed by the Government on the subject, or as to the munificence of the provi- sion they had made for academic education ; but no doubt there would be a diversity of opinion as to the precise direction in which that munificence had been made to assume, and as to the university system that had been instituted in this colony. The wisdom of spending so large a sum on the university building wonld be questioned by some. It was true, mere buildings did not constitute, nor were they even essen- tial to, a university. Some of the most distinguished German universities had done their work well with no public building at all worthy of the name. It was only lately that the only publie building of the uni- versity of Halle-one of the most distinguished in the world-was the library, the lectures being delivered in apartments scattered through the town, and often of a very inferior description. He confessed, how- ever, that he did not see why they should not have comfortable buildings if they could afford to have them. (Cheers.) He wished to say a few words about the university system. He had no doubt if the Government had offered a prize for the best essay on the subject of the academia system best adapted to Australia, that in the essays given in various university systems would have been recom- mended, and he thought it would have been wiser in a new country like this, containing a mixed population, if instead of seeking to transplant the system of any other country to this Australian soil with- out modification or change, they had endea- voured to) combine the excellencies and exclude the defects of all the various university systems that were known to them. (Applause.) There was much of good in the English universities, but there was also much to foBter evil. There was a great difference be- tween the English and German universities in reference to provision for the professional instruction of their graduates. The Scotch universities took more after the German type in this respect, but their great merit was in their extension, being accessible to all classes. He thought the system best suited to this colony would be one combining the extension and breadth of the Scotch universities, the culture of the English universities, and the admirable provision of the German universities for professional education. (Applause.) The reverend gentleman concluded by apologising for trespassing at so great a length on the time of the meeting-ex- pressing at the same time a hope that they would this night do something worthy ot Presbyterianism, and that wisdom would be given them from on high so to mould their college that it should be a source of pride to Presbyterians, and a blessing to the whole colony. (Cheers.) Mr. BABK.BR seconded the motion. He said the I blessing of a good sound secular and religious educa- I tion must be apparent to all-having, as it had, a ten- dency to create loyal subjeots, good citizens, and men exemplarylin all the relations of social life. They were in this colony in a peculiar position as compared with the mother country. They met here English, Irish, and Scotch-upon common ground and with equal privileges. (Cheers.) They had no dominant Church, and hence it was necessary to provide for a deficiency which existed, for it was found that they could not have a theological chair in the University. It waa therefore necessary that each denomination should have an affiliated college attached to their Church, where they could educate their youth in a suitable manner. (Cheers. ) They need go no farther than the mother country for examples of, the usefulness of such institutions. They had sent forth men who had done honour, to their country ; some had taken part in [ the Government, others had taken the lead in our churches ; some had headed our armies and our fleets, and not a few had been eminently use- ful in the scientific world, and these maintained the character of Eogland, and made her what she is-the " mistress of the world." (Applause.) It was neither wealth nor numerical strength that gave her the ad- vantages she holds, but it was that moral power which could 'only be maintained by the proper train- ing of our youth, by teaching them their duty towards their Maker as well as their duty towards their neighbours. (Cheers.) The Government of this country had done much for them. It was now holding out its hand with £20,000 at their disposal, and in addition to that they had offered them £500 per annum in perpetuity for the chair of the principal or warden. Surely they had not lost their feeling for this country that they could refose to come forward with a sufficient sum to enable them to claim that money. They surely would be able to raise the minimum £10,000. (Cheers.) He thought they could not do better than follow the example of their Christian brethren in this respect*. After the amount collected in the Episco- palian Church, followed as they had been by the Roman Catholics, who he believed had collected nearly £20,000; and the Wcsleyans, who had collected nearly £10,000, surely the Presbyterians-Scotchmen and Englishmen combined-would be able to raise not merely ten, but twenty thousand pounds. (Applause.) Dr. AXDCOBK, M.L.A., supported the resolution. He said he believed no valid reason could be adduced why the resolution should not be adopted ; and he trusted that no small quarrels among Presbyterians, no suspicions jealousies, would enter amongst them to mar their efforts ; but that on the contrary they would all enter heart and hand into the undertaking, so that they might attain the same posi- tion in regard to the establishment of a College, as their Episcopalian, the Roman Catholic, and Wesleyan brethren had already assumed. (Cheers.) The first thought that struck him in the resolution was the assertion that all education ought to be baaed on scriptural principles. Perhaps it would have been better to have said religious principles, so as to take a wider scope. He trusted that those principles would enter into the system of education to be carried out in the proposed college; for, notwithstanding the discussions whioh had taken place in Europe with regard to secular education, he (Mr. Aldcom) although advanced in life, had yet to leam how they could impart a good secular education, without at the same time imparting religious teaching. (Cheers.) How, for instance, could they teach the science of astronomy without lifting up the mind of the student to the contemplation of that God who created the universe ? So with the science of geology. Having realised the benefits of education at home, they should set about establishing in this colony those institutions by the agency of which the advantages of education had been achieved in the mother country. They could never succeed in getting from home clergymen, physicians, or lawyers, who as a body wonld take such an interest in the colony as would be taken by men educated and trained in the colony ; and they would not be doing the colony justice unless they provided the means for enabling the young men of the colony to enter into the professions, and also to take that part in the government of the colony, whian they were entitled to toke. (Cheers.) In conclusion, he repeated his hope that no disunion, small jealousy, or opposition, would be allowed to come amongst them to mar the success of their uad'rciltiu*. (Chser-i.) His Excsxiiiswrr then read the resolution, and having put its adoption to the meeting, The Rev. Dr. LANG rose, and was received with cheers, mingled with hisses. The noise having sub- sided, he ascended the platform »nd said : Before your Excellency puts the resolution The GOVHBNOB-GHNHRAI. : May I be permitted be fore you proceed farther, to ask what is your object in rising ? Dr. LANG (amid considerable uproar) : My object is to propose an amendment. The GOVEBNOH-GBNUEAI. : Allow me, then, to ex- plain what I understand to be the nature of my duties as Chairman of this meeting. My place is to pnt to the meeting certain resolutions for those present either to affirm-or-disallow. -I did not come here to preside over a debating society, and I do not'admit the competence, of anyone to move amendments on the resolutions sub- mitted, to the meeting, although I admit that it4 is, competent to anyone to negative the resolutions. Dr. LAN» : If the resolutions had been adopted by the entire body of the Presbyterians, it would then be quite competent to his Excellency to put me down (uproar)-but I traBt I shall be able to show his Excellency The GOVERNOR-GBNEBAL : I am not here to put Dr. Lang down, as he terms it ; but I am here to put the resolutions as prepared by the committee, no matter who they may be, for the meeting either to affirm or dis- allow. I repeat that I am not here to submit amend- ments, but at the same time I am prepared to listen to Dr. Lang if the meeting are so disposed. I will therefore put it to the meeting whether the amendment shall be put or not, The question was then pnt whether or not the amendment should be entertained. A small nnmber of hands were held up in support of the affirmative, and a large show in support of the negative. The Chairman accordingly, amid cheers and some uproar, declared that the proposal to entertain the amend- ment was lost, and Dr. Lang slowly retired to his seat. The resolution was then put and carried all but unanimously, and amid general cheering. The Rev. Dr. FULLERTON rose to propose the second resolution. He said that the resolution which had been given to him asserted that all Presbyterians in this colony ought to unite in the erection of the pro- posed college ; and this he hoped wouli be generallv admitted. (Cheers.) It would be easy to prove that more than one college could not be required for the Presbyterians. This might be clearly shown by rear- ing to the census. Their numbers would be hardly sufficient to support one college. It was not therefore intended that the proposed college should be exclu- sively in connexion with any one branch of the Pres- byterian Chnroh. (Cheers.) The theological pro- fessors in the college shall be under the immediate superintendence of a board of visitors, consisting of two members chosen annually by each Synod in this colony whose members hold and sign the Westminster standards, and who co-operate also in erection of the eollege. These standards were received by all ortho- dox Presbyterians, anc" it would be the duty of the visitors to remove from his office any professor or teacher whose predilections and instructions might be found not to be in accordance with these standards. The principal of the College would be an ordained Presbyterian minister, but he would have no official connexion with any Church in the mother country, and he would be immediately under the control of the board of visitors. The principal doctrines which were dearly defined in the Westminster standards, and which Presbyterians, as a church, desired to inculcate, were the inspiration of the Holy Scriptures ; the unity of the Godhead ; the supreme divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ ; the Divinity and personality of the Holy Ghost ; the corruption and depravity of human nature ; justification by faith ; atonement through the sufferings of Christ ; a stated ministry by persons called and trained to preach the Gospel ; the equality of all Christ's ministers; the government of the Church by Christ's ministers in Presbytery ; and that the Holy Scriptures were the only rule of faith ind practice. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) These were the doctrines of the Westminster standards ; and as these would be taught in the proposed college, and as these were the great and leading principles for which all Presbyterians professed to contend, he hoped that all would feel an interest in the college. Some might perhaps say that a Presbyterian college or theological institute was not required. If any thought so, it appeared that they did not form a proper estimate of their position and responsibility. As the Jews were placed in the centre of the great empires which were successively to rule the world, that they might be enabled to teach all nations the existence and perfections of the true God, so thev had been placed in the midst of heathen nations that they might, as the followers of Christ, preach his gospel to these nations. (Cheers.) Their mission as a church was not merely to minister to the Presbyte- rians residing in this colony. Their field was the world, and they should exert all their influence and employ all their energy that the precious Word which had been committed to them might be preached to all the ' uman family, that the great and invaluable spiti tua privileges which they now enjoyed maybe extended by all men. The command was, " Preach the Gospel to every creature," and what they have heard of the vicious practices and abominations by which the heathen were degraded in India, China, and in the South Sea Islands should be regarded by them as an earnest call to send the Gospel to these countries. To do this they require an adequate nnmber of qualified preachers for the îrvice of the church at home, and to act as missionaries in foreign lands ; and a theolo- gical sohool would greatly assist them in preparing these. (Cheers.) They did not deny that God alone could prepare men for the work of the ministry. It was by'His spirit only that the heart of the sinner could be renewed and sanctified, and that men could be enabled to receive and preach the Gospel with faith and power ; for " who is sufficient for these things?'' But reliance on grace did not exclude the use of means. They should put their entire trust in God, and earnestly seek the aid of His spirit, while they vigorously employed all the means with which he had endowed them, to promote the happiness of man by the extension of His Church. Christ has promised to be with His servants and to bless their efforts to make known the glory of God ; and it was for this reason that he thought they should make persevering exertions to erect a college in which the Word of God would be faithfully and svstematically taught. In the days of Elijah and Elisha there were schools of the prophets in which young men were trained for the holy ministry ; and why should not they have a similar institution, in which men of talent and literature might be fully in- structed in the duties of religion, that they may be adequately prepared to win souls by rightly dividing the Word of Truth ? (Cheers.) He confidently ex- pected many advantages from the establishment of the proposed college. Few of their ministers could devote much time to theological literature-their pastoral duties were more than sufficient to occupy all their time. But the principal and other teachers in the college would be able to devote much attention to the science of theology, and to supply that which their Church in this colony very much required. A man of learning, wisdom, and piety would have it in his power, as principal of a college, to do muoh good to the cause of Christ both in this colony and throughout* the world. The establishment of the University had already been highly beneficial to the cause of litera- ture ; -it has created a taste for the study of classics and science which did not formerly exist ; and he had not any doubts that the erection of a Presbyterian college would give to many an increased desire to study Revelation. (Cheers.) He admitted that the proposed college would do much good by the tutorial assistance and superintendence whioh it would provide for those Presbyterian students of the university who would reside in the college. But these advantages were not in his opinion to be compared with the benefits which would arise from the religious training and theological instructions which the college wonld provide for all who might attend it. Man was created to promote the glory of God ; and that should ever be regarded as the great end of his existence. But "the world by wisdom knew not God ;'' neither genius nor science ever enabled any of the wise men of this world to form accurate concep- tions of the true God. The philosophers of Greece and the great men of other nations all worshipped the unknown god. The living God was unknown to them. He and His perfections were revealed clearly in the volume of Revelation. If they desired to see His glory, if they wished to be prepared to delight in Him, they must come with the meekness and docility of children to Christ-study prayerfully His holy Word, and adore the majesty and perfections of God as these were revealed in the plan of redemption, in the life, the death/the resurrection, and asoensi n of their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It was in Him only that the glory of God is manifestly displayed. In propor- tion to their numbers, the Presbyterians of this colony were not inferior to any other denomination in wealth and intelligence, and it was their imperative duty to make full provision for the education of their families. (Cheers.) Why should theology be neglected, while much attention was given to classics and to science r It was not enough that our sons should attend the University and be encouraged to excel in literary pursuits. These cannot renew the heart, sanctify the affections, or make those who attend to them wise unto , salvation. They required to be taught the Word of | God-to have the example and precepts of Christ daily inculcated, and to renounce all their own preju- dices and principles which were opposed to the law of God. By. this means "only would they be prepared to glorify God and to delight in His communion, and without this they could neither be happy nor honourable in this world, nor prepared to enjoy God in a future state. It had, however, always appeared to him that the great end for which the Almighty had in his pro- vidence placed us in this part of the world, was that they might be instrumental in propagating the Gospel throughout the southern hemisphere ; and this end could not be accomplished without a theological i i institute for the training of preachers. They must have the means of educating their own ministers before they could be efficient, as a missionary, church. If they desired to enlighten the heathen ,they should educate preachers and send them forth ; and if they had a college nroperly conducted a missionary spirit would be infused into their students, and many young men of talent and requirements would be induced to devote themselves to the work of the Ministry in heathen countries. (Cheers.) They had, therefore, the strongest motives to induce them to proceed with the proposed college. It would inspire the young with an elevated taste for the pleasures of religion increase their happiness and comforts here, and pre- pare them to delight in God throughout eternity. It would enable them to be fellow workers with God in diffusing the Gospel-and in removing that spiritual darkness with which many, parts of the earth were now encompassed ; and tend, in some degree at least, to destroy the kingdom of Satan, and to hasten the time when the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters covered the face of the deep. (Cheers.) With these remarks, he sub mitted to the meeting the following resolution : " That in the opinion of this meeting all Presbyterians ought to unite in this undertaking'; that while ecclesi- astical union among all Presbyterians in the colony is desirable and earnestly to be sought, this meeting, without intermeddling with the full religious freedom of the several Presbyterian Ohuroh Courts, consider that the founding of a Presbyterian College is an object in the prosecuting of which all Presbyterians may cordially unite, while thoroughly and honourably preserving all their distinctive principles, and all their several rights." Mr. HAT, M.L.A., rose to second the resolution, and was received with cheers. He would remark at the outset, perhaps with some feeling of shame, that he had nothing to do with the getting up of that meeting. The reason why he appeared on that platform that evening; was to be found in the interest which he, in eommon with all those present, took in the advancement of education-the interest whioh he felt in the establishment of educational in- stitutions of the higher order, more especially in con- nexion with the Presbyterian body. (Cheers.) When the proposal was first made to take steps with the view to establishing the proposed college, he was too busily engaged in other affairs to take an active part in the movement ; bnt being there on that occa- sion, he was prepared to state some of his views on the question under consideration. The resolution pointed nut the disunited position of the Presbyterian body. He would not atop to say whether or not it was an advantage that this discussion had taken place. He would say, however, that it was now time they estab- lished some standard under which all sections of the Presbyterian body might unite for the promotion of objects which were of the utmost importance to all. (Cheers.) It was under the influence of this belief that he would impress on all Presbyterians the neces- sity for union. It was time to put an end to disunion, especially among ministers, for the sake of the interests of the Presbyterian body in this new country To do this it was necessary that concessions should be made, for without concessions nothing could be done in the way of union. He was most anxious that the full strength of the Presbyterian body should be concentrated in this one object. (Cheers.) Whether the University had been established upon proper principles or not, the fact was before them, that it had been established. Other denominations had, moreover, taken advan- tage of these benefits, which ita establish- ment held out, and if the Presbyterians did not now also advance in this direction, it was clear that hereafter they would go behind. He thought it would be a great loss to the colony if the Presbyterians did not take their proper position in connexion with the University. (Cheers.) Presbyterianism waa essentially the religion of the Scottish nationality, and it also comprised within ita limits not only the people of Scotland, but a considerable proportion of the in- habitants of the northern part of Ireland. It was on these grounds, among others, that he thought the pre- sent movement was one of the greatest importance ; and for these reasons the Presbyterians as a body ought to leave disunion aside. He would call upon the elerey especially to unite on this occasion ; and he would call upon the laity to urge their clergymen to union. If they did not adopt this course, he warned them that Presbyterianism would suffer. (Cheers.) Dr. M'FABLANB had imposed upon him the pleasing duty to support the resolution -hich had been so ably moved and seconded. He shjuld not en- deavour to enlarge upon the principles contained in the resolution, as he felt that he was but little of a speaker, whatever he might be as a thinker. He how- ever called most heartily on all hi« co-religionists in Scotland, in England, in Ireland, in Germany, and in the States to j sin in support of this noble institution. The resolution was then pat, and passed. I The Rev.WILLIAM LTJMSDAINB moved the third reso 1 lution. In rising to take part in this meeting, he did ' not do so as a member of the Synod of Eastern Aus- tralia. That Synod had come to a resolution with re- gard to this University with which he could not agree, but though he might differ on some points with his 'rev. brethen, he felt proud to join with so many Christian gentlemen in the promotion of an institution which, if successfully carried out, would, he believed, be the pride and glory of the colony. He had no sympathy with those who would make this college exclusive of any class of Presbyte- rians. He would not make it the college exclusively of the Church of Scotland or of the Free Church. It should he open to all-it should shut out none, and it was only on this broad principle that the institution could prosper. Although he was aware that great difficulties existed in the way of synodical union, yet he in common with many other Presbyterians had been ardently desirous of a better and more united state of their common church. At all events, in an object like this they might all join cordially, and it would be a disgrace and a reproach to Presbyterianism if, when the Episcopalians, the Roman Catholics, and even the Wesleyans, were successfully prosecuting the same noble object, they were to fail in their duty. Although in the college the¡ other branches of literature and science would be instilled, still it was necessary that there should be a faculty of Theology, and accordingly a Theological chair was to be estab- lished. It might seem premature for them to under- take objects so large in" their present position ; but they must recollect that for every great purpose there must be a beginning. And should they, he asked, at a time when they had a magnificent offer of aid from the Government, aid whioh would leave them entirely unfettered in the management of their College, refuse to accept and act upon such an opportunity ? (Cheers.) It must be a libel on the youth of the colony to say that they had not ability to avail themselves of all the advantages which the University might offer-that they could not learn here as well as if they were sent to foreign Universities. Besides, he thought in many instances the practice of sending young men home where they might have no friends to look after them, no immediate ties to restrain them, at the most critical and dangerous portion of their lives was, ~t least, objectionable. But even should they escape the ordeal, it wonld not sappi y the want of this college. They wanted their youth educated here, in their midst, and sure he was that there were many parents gla 1 to devote one of their sons to the ministry of their Church ; many of their youth who would, with aspiring hearts, seek in this college the learning and training which should fit them to enter into the glorious service of their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. This was what they had to look to. They would always, of course, be glad to receive the well-known and loñg-trusted ministers of the older land, but for the due performance of all the ordinances of religion, the supply of useful and efficient ministers must depend upon the colonial youth. They, at least, did not want intelligence ; they were capable of in- struction, and all that they wanted was intellectual training to enable them to perform their duties as mi- nisters, and to make themselves bright and shining lights throughout all the nations of the world. (Cheers.) The next point in the resolution was of importance,-and he would here pause to read the resolution-.-" 3. That the time has evidently arrived when the Presbyterians of this country must make provision for the training of young men for the Christian Ministry ; that the said Presbyterian College must therefore have a Theological Faeulty, and that the Westminster standards shall be the 'basis of all Theological instructions given in the said Theological Faculty as in the other departments of the College." The principle laid down in this resolution was of the greatest possible importance, for in the establishment of a system of education, it was that truth in its full ! ness should be taught, and that error should be re 1 jected. They could not possibly take a higher posi- tion than by adopting the Westminster standards. [The Rev. gentleman went at considerable length into the nature and tenor of the Westminster standards, and of their catholic fitness for the re- ligious education of Presbyterian youth. He also highly complimented his Excellency on the fact, 'that of all societies, religious as well as philosophical, lite- rary, or scientific, he was the patron and supporter. He hoped that all Presbyterians would unite in this noble objeot, and they might depend that though the material structure which they proposed to erect might in the course of years crumble into dost, its intellec- tual, moral, and religions benefits ifould descend to all posterity. " (Oheers.) ,,, . . ' i i . j . i . , . Mr. WAUGH had not intended to have taken any part in this meeting, but having been asked to second this resolution, he could not be behind in doing all in his power to promote the noble institution they cro- ssed to ereot. He sympathised with the observations made by a hon. gentleman who had addressed the meeting, that it was their duty to give th" advantages of high eduoation to the colonial youth. They were, as parents, bound to give their sons here the same advan- tages which young men of the same age possessed at home. They ought not to shut their chil- dren out from the practice of the highest and noblest professions, simply because they had not en- *,' joyed a home education. He believed that as the olergy grew up they must depend on the colonial youth for the practice of these professions, and also, as had been said, for taking a large and important share in the Government of the country. It was then their duty to fit them for these high positions. Another reason why nil should join with this movement was that in this colony the highest situations, the most exalted positions were open to the humblest, and it would be a proud thing to even a small subscriber when he took his son to be entered at the College, to be able to say " I, too, had a hand in the erection of this noble institution." With regard to the second part of the resolution, which related to the establish- ment of a Faculty of Theology, it was quite clear they must ether educate the youth of the colony to fit them for the ministry, or they must import their ministers from home. He could not help joining in the hope ex Eressed by Mr. Hay, that by cordially joining to esta lish this Instituion, which would bring their children 1 together, they would tend to restore that band of union which was so necessary for the welfare of the Presbyterian Church. The resolution was then put and passed. REV. J. COUTTS rose to move the fourth resolution. - It was with sincere pleasure he took a pa« in the pro- ceedings of that evening, feeling oonvineed that with - the blessing of God they would result in success. Their brethren of the Synod of Eastern Australia were present, as the meeting had been informed, not in their official characters, but as individuals anxious for the success of the great undertaking whick the great Presbyterian body had at heart. For his own part he was not discouraged at the contemplation of the final issue, though at the first sight many persons might be discouraged at the unhappy divisions which ~ had too long rendered Presbvteranism a by-word and a scorn. He could not but echo the sentiments of a gentleman who had preceded him, that unfortunately the ministers them- selves had more to answer for as regarded those divi- sions and discords than the laity had. (Cheers.) He looked upon the present movement, however, as the \ stepping-stone to that union which he hoped would > ere long take place in the Presbyterian body, scattered into fragments as they now were. He hoped, too, that ere long the Presbyterian Church would occupy that place with regard to the religious and educational insti- tutions of the land. He trusted that the step now taken would, with the blessing of God, place them in the position of those other denominations who were anxious that the Word of God should carry out its legitimate results - when every man would acknowledge his fellow-man his brother, and would feel and sympathise with him as such. The resolution he had to read was as follows :-" 4. That a committee consisting of the fol- lowing gentlemen be appointed to carry out the objects of the resolutions :-The Revs. Dr. Fullerton, J. M'Gibbon, J. Milne, J. Coutts, Dr. Mackay, James Cameron, Hugh McKail, William Lumsdaine, S. F. Mackenzie, Messrs. T. Barker, J. Hay, M.P., J. Gar- land, A. Thomson, J. B. Watt, John Muir, G. Rankine, H. Hamilton, R. Waugh, Dr. Macfarlane, H. Clarke, J. Alexander, S. D. Gordon, James Dickson, George Bowman, D. L. Waugh, John Moon, James Waugh, John Marks, John Cameron, Dr. Aldcorn, W. Buyers ; with power to add to their number." He believed he had but to read the names of the com- mittee to ensure the cordial approval of the meeting, for they were all good men and true, and by their aid under God the glorious work they had in hand would be accomplished. Mr. GEORGE BOWMAN seconded the resolution, ' briefly remarking that he believed the committee com- posed the names of men representing all classes of Presbyterians in the colony. (Cries of, "No, no ;" " It is an insult.") He begged leave to second the resolution. Dr. LANG objected to the committee, as not repre- senting the Presbyterians of the colony. It was an insult to the body. (Cheers.) The resolution was put and carried by a majority of the meeting. The proceeding concluded with prayer, delivered by the Rev. Mr. CAMERON. Mr. BARKER called for three cheers for his Excel- lency. The call was responded to with cheers and groans ; after which the meeting separated. 