ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of our Correspondents. THE ART TREASURES EXHIBITION. To the Editor of the Advertiser, "It is the curse of the service that promo- tion goes by interest, and not by merit." —BURKE. SIR —After all the boasted impartiality of the managers of this Exhibition in the selection and disposition of works of art, and notwithstanding that the absence of any "spirit of exclusiveness" has been a circumstance special mention by the press, "murder will out," and it is now painfully apparent that in some instances neglect and injustice have been cruelly visited, where merit and industry should have been duly appreciated. Parodies of the art of painting, perpetrated by persons of influence, but who have no other claim to hold the "sacred brush," than that which is afforded by a "local habitation and a name," are permitted to occupy positions in the show room, immediately on the line of view, whilst really excellent productions are either altogether excluded, or crammed into a corner where their beauties are contorted, or rendered altogether invisible or unobserved. Take, for instance, Mr. Gritten's case. Let the soi disant connoisseurs in power answer why that gentleman's picture was rejected? They dare not; unless their consciences are as narrow as their judgments. They cannot say that it was unworthy of their patronage, because they are altogether innocent of forming a correct opinion upon any picture, if they possessed the right of exclusive criticism — a right which I as well as every man who paid his shilling at the door may lav claim to dispute. It will not be urged that there was no room for the picture, because it would have ornamented the ante-room and for this humble position, the still humbler artist would have felt gratified and thankful. Beside the ancient Egyptian production of a " l'air of Cubs W- 'i'wo l'anthers" G'over's Ghost," "Vt Green Broom in tho Thicket," a cheap and easy photograph or two, and several other things of equal celebrity," too numerous to mention," as Mr. Worley would say, might have been modestly withdrawn by their manufacturers, and the result of poor Gritten's four months' labor allowed that space which its excellence demanded. Had Mr. Grittcn been an inflated bombast— a piece of pompous inanity ;—had he forced himself into the notice of the originators of this hole-and-corner exclusive affair himself as well as his picture would have become more congenial to the tastes of "mynobs," [?] and then " Hobart Town, by Gritten" would not at this time be resting on the easel, in the studio of the artist. In conclusion, I would remind Mr Gritten of Doctor Walcot's consolation to the immortal Wilson, who complained that the merit of his works was not recognised- " Wait till thou 'st been dead two hundred years." said the Doctor. Your's &c.;, B. OTHER JONATHAN. [It is a difficult matter to decide in a case of this kind, and give satisfaction to all parties; and in every Exhibition there must be some disappointed. Mr. Gritten's is a deserving work, and we are sorry it is not in the collection. Still, although the committee erred in not finding room for Mr. Gritten's picture, they are yet entitled to the warmest praise for what they have done. The collection they have made is well worth visiting, and forms an intellectual treat which will not often offer itself to the inhabitants of the city. We believe, however, that Mr Gritten will gain more by the attention called to his picture than he would by its being placed in the Exhibition.— ED. A.] 