MISCELLANEOUS. On Wednesday, at Bristol Assizes, Mr. Ralph, marine store dealer, brought an action for false imprisonment against Mr. I.ane, s plumber of that city. Having found ssme gas-fittings -on the plaintiff s premises, the defendant had caused his arrest; but when brought before the magistrates ho was discharged. Then this action was brought A boy named Davis, formerly an apprentice to Mr. Lau«, wan now called for the defence, and depDBBd if having stolen from Mr. Lane sundry a? tides, such as union joints, pump boxes Ji bar of solder, brass taps, &c.;, which jfe sold at Ralph's, On one occasion Rich asked if he thought it would be eafnto clean some of the things and put thetf i" the window. The jury returned a verfict for tho defendant. The Judge: Doff on believe, gentlemen, that the plaintiff,-fhen he received it, had a knowledge tft it was stolen ?—The Foreman: Ycri my lord. 7 Untaught men are uur asoning/msn, and unresasoning men are always unpsonable. I SwcKtKO CP ro THE SHOP.—^'i i? linen- drapers' shopmen declare that they can cot think of going to India ; tho Cape, they say, would be somewhat more in their line. —Punch. Ladies, prepare for an extreme change in your habits, for a Paris correspondent of the Now York: Courier says the ladies are coming out without hoops, bustles, wadding or anything else. ONE WHO OI.EAM,T KNOWS HIMSELF. —A celebrated flute-player who was asked, IVhat is a man, answered quite naively, Why a man is a very stupid animal; at least, judging, as far im onecan from oneself.—Punch. TRUE PHILOSOPHY.—It is vain to regret a misfortune when is past retrieving, but few have the philosophy or strength enougo to practice this. A famous physician ventured five thousand guineas on the South Sea project. When he was told at parraway's that all was lost—Why, said he, 'tis but going up five thousand pairs of of stairs more. The answer deserved & statue. OUA NATIONAL DEFJINCBS.—Some' public-honse patriot was repeating the old national boast that, an Englishman's house i ishiaoastle. lam not so positive about j that, said a critic of tho Westminster Review; but I am sure that an woman's dress is her rustic; for it is stich an enormous size now, that, it is morally and physically impossible for auy one, friend or enemy, to come near bor.—Punch HORRIBLE ACCIDENT.—A painful tccid<mt occurred iu the bvick-yard of Mr W. D. Lowe, Derby to « man about fifty years of age^namcd Thomas Hunt, whose oicupetion was to superintend a ciay-crttsh- ing inachinc. This machine consists of several sets of iron rollers, through which the clay has to pass previous to its b-. ing put into <he moulds. H aring some hard substance between tho tollers make a great noise, he iuciutiously put in his right hand to endeavor to remove it, as he had at timve before done, when his finger- nds were d; awn in, and but for au almost super-hutnan effort on his part, the whole i arm must have followed. Knowing this be applied his whole sticngth, and at ouce liberated himself by polling with such force ai to leave the joints of his forefingers in the machine. Some idea may be formed of the power of the ini^hice and his exertions to r"scue himself when we statu that ono of the tendons was drawn frcm his arm lourteen inches long. Mr Evans, surgeon, of Helper, was seat l'jr, who at once directed him to be removed to tho is&rmaiy;, Derby, where Mr Gisbournc amputated all the fingers. He is a steady industrious man, and so attentive was lie to his duty that as soon as he had liberated himself he went and stopped the engine. He is doing well —Nottingham Journal. BHAZILUN SCANDAL. — Tie following strange eifjir is recorded in the last Rio Jacerio papers:—«In a boaidiiig school kept by a French woman, wis a girl of Jess than twelve years of/ age, named Corroa, heiress to a torture of 600,G00f. An Italian adventurer named Judiee, who b got his living as a hawker, resolved to marry the j*irl, and had recourse to this tratagem:—He went to the bishop of Kio Jancrio, a pious but credulous man, and s?id that having bsea for some time living with a woman not his wife, ho wished to regularise his position by marrying her; and, as it was important to have the marriage perfirmed at once without publicity, he solicited a licence. The bishop granted tbe licence, and, on thp man's declaration, put in the woman's name as Correa The Italian th n went to the boarding school, and said that ho was sent b.v the girl's mother to take her home, as she wished to indulge her with a visit to the theatre. The school mistress imprudently gave up the child to him, and he took her at OIICB to Die church mentioned in the licence, and hr.d himself married to her. Tho next day he wrote to the girl's mother to inform her «f the marriage. The poo: mother, in indignation, immediately, communicated with the police, and thej- at once took the girl from the man and gave her up to her mother, Theltal.au, and seme persons who acted as witnesses of the marriage, have been a-Testcd. It is considered strange that the priest, notwithstanding tiie liccnct, should have celebrated the marriage, as the girl was di«s>cd in a short frock and trousers like a child. The affair has creitsd an imraoiic- sensalion at Kio, but what the upshot of it will be remains to be seta." AU.MtMsru.tTioN- OF TUB INDIAN HKUEF FUND—Vir John Pakiogton lias written to the Lord Mayor of London, stating " that there sxisti in tbi public mind, iu combination with a desire to subsc- ibe, a feeiiug that no adequate security h«s yet b.:-en efferod with rcspect cither to the responsibility under which thj fund is to be administered, or the principles, regulations, and conditions under which it is to be aispli. d" To this the Lord Mayor has replied, furtiisln'og a list of the members of the general, finance, and relief committees, together with the names of the honorary secretaries tnd auditors, and a copy of the address alrejJy issued to the public, containing a ffcitemeat of the genem! principles under which the fund wilt to administered. His lordship further informs Sir J. Pakiugtou that £30,000 has been sent to Calcutta, £30,000 to Bombay, and £7,000 to ~ir John Lawrence at Lahore. The Tines states—" A rumour has been circulated that a merchant of Liverpool, lately deceased, has left liabilities estimated at £300,000, of which £100,000 are upon forged acceptances. The preciss facts hive not transpired, but the statement ii believed to be 'rue. The death of the defaulter is stated to have been by suiride, and his losses are supposed to have been incurred by heavy speculations both m cotton and shares." On reading the account of the attrocities conmittrd m India, tho whole of tbe men of .No. 3 company of tbe 13th battalion of Poyai. Artillery, stationed at Si. Elmo, Malta, addressed a most loyal letter to 'jsptain Inglefivld, who commands them, mgacd by the whole of die men, in which, 4!t.-r expressing their horror at the crimes, committed by the Sepoys, they earnestly solicit that they maybe sent out at once io tie scene of hostilities. , LADY'S COSTUME.—Lady Mai-y Wt is arrived; I have seen her ; I thi avarice, her dirt, and her vitality, increased. Her dress, her larg ' galimatias of several couitric. ground-work rags, and tho embnftflff nastintss, Khe needs no cap, aa haadkchief, no gown, no petticoat, noahoes. ,u old black laced hood represent the fit • the far of a horseman's coat, wliichreplaces the third, serves for thesecom 4 dimity petticoat is deputy, aldoffiates for the fourth; and slippers act the nt 0| the last.—Letters of Horace VWpsJ SIUBP PBACUCE OF SPomsolEK —On Friday, at Croydon Aisizes,fl j ' terpleadcr action, "Lamberrfv. 4>bnf that in June last the defeat S gentleman of fortune, trough &u; Cn n i the Court of ^ kins, who - house at the we«t,V p P cr °i»ateint. tho Hei-keUy CiuS)"? the ^ j ® of £6,500, whioh Sj£u ,t(1 rec "T9ra si^". froia him at hazuSfes®^ had tech ^n - lie obtained a veri£Vf an8 ofi «Selite • mc-nt was subscqu^tft cons^'t. Jadj. ex. ctlrion was granted «J>, en ' riff going to seize tU pAW'ftjsB!*. whp occupied a Inus' at V^X ^Adiii®, W-jitersoll House, aid taiped in it, the present plaffi? 1 ki^fw-* right to the whole M the pro[ ,s! W l & a hill of sal*, and thequestioP , J wa « decided was whether flu's walS 10 ^ strument or not. The ifcie an/v®? >»• of the houte were valuedir*£l'8jjff' | i t <us bert, the plaintiff, said tfct habit of betting on <iie tutTandiwfi®® ve'y well acqnaintcd wfjh Aait;n„ was also clicited from hiti flitT'' Ut . present at the trial, aud tha\T^jS V a man down right away to Jf 1 ' perty under a hill of sale whiffi C '} the^efcndant? 5 | At Oxford the recent obaiU, ia ft. ' Vjnremty regulations have t% ^ B ^ ^ ^ e^l CatJcs. At Lincoln College, we believe, A at least one Catholic undergraKS he,snot only reused frolXdltl allowed to attend mass Clements. The little church tfB m St Clement's suburb, iSj cons antly attend nal } T The Essex Gazette relates lit a Bel I>r Berrington, elected a short liine S on the strength of seme apparently J^t rate testimonials to tbe muta~shia 0f Grays Thurroek Grammar fichtal, . turned out to be a ticket-of- leave jeonrictt and in consequence of the disoo-iery t>r0. mulgated by a fellow prisoner in Darbooor" who met him accidentally, ihe impostor has disappeared, considerably , in the debt of the neighbouring shopkeeysa. O<;ceot twice, in the absence of the incumbent, the ticket-of-leave convict has performed divine service. A LAut's DILEMMI—As a river .e timer was leaving Grectiock the otler nS^on . her homeward passage, ayairagladj. e[» up 111 the most fcshionablo style, tj,,®;/ with an immense supeistruetion offloMMd skirts, supported by an internal 4td«mplicated scaff .Iding of hoops, staiptdon board. Unfortunately she BtumHed fell, and before she had taken lialfja iojen eteps the whole apparatns cams tTnUiair: down about her feet, to her owniljsay ' bat to the intense amusement; ut all spee'ntors, who could not reifraih (ma laughing loud and long at the vojfal < figure she cut after tiie sudden collapse. ! She beat a hasty retreat to the ladies''! cabin, - j MEDICAL PEACHCR IN BELOONMJRJJJ, ] —To the practicc of medicine in Beloo- I clnstan there are only two slight irawacks. AVhen the physician gives(W ho is expected to partake ofasimilir one himself, as a guarantee of his good iith; should the patient die under his hams tht i relatives, though by no means bend tu] cxcrcise it in all circumstances, hve tht 1 ruht of patting him to death, u-]t6B 1 special agreement has been made feting him from all responsibility as to thi'ioassquences; while lie, should they decile on immolating him, has no roaecsabU ^an 1 for complaint, but is expected to nbmit to his fate like a m°n and a hakin In, other respects, 'he amateur will filial! easy field.—31ackwood's Magazine. j LIGHT AND DAKKNESS.—Light, that; makes things seen, mokes some thiigi invisible. Were it not for darkness a lithe shadow of the earth, the noblest jt thi creation had remained unseen, ail tbe stars in heaven as invisible as a tht fourth day, when they wtrecriatedihort the horizon with the sun, or there vnt not an eye to behold them. The great, myaterv of religion is c-rpi-cssed by ndusbration, and in the noblest parte of Wisl types tv<? fiud ! he cherubim feltadowiiif thfj mercy-scat. Life itself is bnt the Eljido« of death, and the souls departed It thi shadows of the living. All things Minih der this name. The sun itself is bit tie dark Simulachrum, and light but thisbiT dow of G d.—Sir Thomas Browne. 1 PEBSONAL IMXMKCI'. —BTEFED 'tifln-j eucc of one true loving human skil 0 another! Not calculable by algebra HI d'duciblc by logic, but mvsterious, iffedl ual, mighty as the hidden proce* ill which the tiny seed is ijiA-kcaed. 1 tm bursts forth into tall stem and broaii lei and glowing tossellcd flower, Idcpsa often poor ghosts; oursnn filled.cyejosi not discern them ; they pass atWrt i in thin vapour, and canuot make ' ~ BCIVCB Mi. Hut sometimes tiicy are flesh ; they breathe upon m with breath, thy touch UB with soft respt hands, they Jfwk at us with sad, Eii eyes, and speak to m in appealing ¥ they are clothed in a livinr human 1 with all its conflicts, its him, and itsl Then thiir presence is a power, then th shake u) like a passion, and tve are drat after tlicni with gentle caaipulsion, fliuie ii drawn to flame.— ed bv severalmlmbtorf the University.—Dublin F r e ^ T f Wackwooi ? 