NEW SOUTH WALES. We have advices from this colony] to | the 27th uit. The Wonga Wonga has brought us two days later news from Sydney. The execution of Wilkes, for the murder of his wife and children, was fixed for yesterday morning; but the justice of the sentence is strongly ques tioned by the " Empire. " Parliamentary business since our last advicesVas unimportant; and the same way be said of the general intelligence contained in the two days' papers. The complaints from the conntry distrits, .with respect to the Chinese, were daily becoming more serious, and the Empire even-suggests the probability of its being considered advisible to adopt measures^to exclude that class of foreigners, the Bathurst Free Press has the following on the subject:— Oua Chinese Population.—Week by week our social position becomes more strongly marked - by the Chinese element, which is constantly receiving fresh assessions by new arrivals from the metroplis and Victorian diggings. During the last six months we have become a wonderfully changed people, taken a3 a whole, and certainly very unlike our former selves. There have been times in the course of the week now closing, when our streets presented a much more Chinese than English ap. pearance- Scarcely a day passes, but large parties of celestials are seen pass^ ing t hrough the town, in long lines, with their luggage, cooking uten sils, and household goods, slung before and behind, at the two ends of a long pole. On Tuesday, a train of nearly a quarter of a mile long, slid up George street, in the atyle peculiar to them, ap~ parently making for the King's Plains or Caloola digging, and considerable numbers appear to be settling about the town, many finding their way iuto do* mestic service. After fa protracted resi dence, the Chinese readily adopt English dress, and, to a certain extent, English habits,and, we do not deny, become useful servants, but that they therefore imbibe English ideas and principles, it would be mere nonsense to assert. Whether desirable or no, we are, as a community, becoming partially Chinese, and the dreadful amalgamation of the races which we have frequently for shadowed, has already commenced. Several marriages withEuropean females have already taken place, and we hear of one or two mote on the tapis. The question therefore remains for decision whether this amalgamation shall be encouraged by a continuance of unre stricted Chinese immigration. Upon some of our diggings the population is almost exclusively celestial, whilst upon others they form the great majority of the population ; and in process of time, if their immigration continue unchecked our thowns and villages will be in the same position. The time is fast ap proaching, therefore, -when the Chinese question will force itself upon the atten„ tion|of the people of this colpny. The Batkuret Times is more special in its charges. It says :—^ A few days since, a Chinaman ^as sent into Bathurst from Turon, charged >jvith. having robbed a ^ bidy of his countrymen in the following manner A few weeks since, this worthy scion of the Celestial stock was entrusted by a number of his countrymen with a large quantity of gold,and a considerable sum of money, to expend in Sydney in the purchase of stores, tools, etc. Prom nothing being heard of the gentleman for some time, his friends grew uneasy, and accordingly took measures to bring him back to the TuroD. On his being brought back, in answer to the enquiries as to what he had done Yith the money, he stated that he had been robbed near Penrith. This explanation not being deemed quite satisfactory, he was delivered into the custody of the pro« per authorities. Ths fellow thug finding that his story was not believed, and that he was in rather a serioug plight, thought it advisable to make a clean breast of it, and confessed that the tale of the lobbery was a fabrication and that he had buried the gold and money in the earth somewhere near Penrith. He was then sent into Bat hurst in company wilh an interpreter, and both have since been despatched, in the custody of a <rooper, to Penrith, for the purpose of panting out the spot in which the treasue was deposited. Rape.—On Tuefday morning last two men named Po/nton and Butler, accompanied by a black fellow who is well known by the soubriquet of Tommy, called at tie hut of a shepherd named Mines, nea- Uaioola, and "after lighting'their pipes, left for the Long Swamp, when they were going to carry on splitting operations. About half-an hour after they left, the black fellow re turned, and asked the woman who ws« in the hut for her money. This being denied him, the fellow ransacked the place, and took a rag from the woman's finger. This beinj done, he dragged her out into the bish, where he sub jected her to the most barbarouB and degrading indigniies. After detain, ing her there for nearly four hours, hearing the sheep^ells in her husband'g approach, and thi fellow decamped. The woman. wh< is nearly seventy years of age, was so completely exhaust* ed and weakened from the treatment she received, ,thatit took her the whole night to reach MrLarnach's house, a distance of only iour miles- Owing to domestic sicknesi, Mr Larnach was unable to bring the information to Bathurst till Saturday, when Lawrence, Mr Finnerty and Billy, the blatk trooper, accom panied him to the spot. Immedia tely son their reaching Caloola, they seperated into two parties and went in different directions. Sergeant Lawrence Mr. Pinnerty, ind Billy made it their first business to discover Poynton and Butler. Butler at first denied the blavkfellow hac been with them, but, upon being tolc that he would be ar rested as an accomplice, stated that the man bad just ben with them, and had gone off in the direction of the Aber crombic Mountins. They accordingly pursued him in hat direction, and after travelling over; great deal of steep and precipitous conitry, were successful in tracking him t* Tuena, where they ar. rested him whist working at a sluicing machine on Maiday last. Lord Lyttjlton- and the Gho3T, -—Some years go I met an old gentle man Ewell, in surrey, near Pitts place where his Lonship died. He gave me the following a-count, which he had from a gentleman wio was in the house at the time* This prson was an organist of a neighboring twn whose company was much courtedon account of his musical talent, and wto was a frequent vfsitor to his Lordshp. The story ordiiiarly told is this,—hat he dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had seduced appeared to him, and ^dieted his death at 12 at night on the bird day following. My informant's sory differs only thus for, that the suppsed apparition vas that of the mother af the lady in question, who had diet of a broken heart in can* sequence of her daftghter's dishonor. Lord Lytteton was at this time in a very bad sta? of health, in consequence of his excises, and was subject to what my in^rmant called ''suffocating fits"--- probacy nervous hysteria* Be this as it raff, it appears on the day of his death, tb foretold third day, he had a party offends at Piit's»place, among whom was fte organist whence my "m~ formant hst the account. He says that Lyttletn was in a state of some agitation, ad had told the story of the dream to hs friends. As the night wore on ani midnight approached his nervousnes increased painfully; and some of hiivisitors said, during his ab sence, <f Ljtelton will . frighten himself into anothf|fit with his foolish ghost story," am jthey determined to put the clock whia' stood in the room forward, and wheme returned to them they said " Hi/rah ! Lytteltoa, 12 o'clock is past; ou've jockeyed the ghost1 Now the est thing is to go quietly to bed, and * the morning you will be all right." te accordingly went upstairs and whilesome of his guests were put ting on tfcif coats to depart, his valet came do,1! t° fetch something—it was said to gt some mint water, which he was in tb habit of taking, leaving his Lordshipalone. At this period the clock ot he parish church, which was not far and which of course could not havebeen touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour, fhe valet proceeded upstairs, and shotty burst forth in loud excla mations The party ran up, and found his Lor<Jhip had fallen d ;d. My inA | formani's expression was, that the sud den revision ot feeling from a state o fancied security to finding himself af the mo'jettt; in the very instant of the dreadei^anger had caused suoh a re action s to bring on the fits which carried^™1 on. He, no doubt, had heard i'e first stroke of the clock as well as°tl>ers down stairs, and as each succes<?e blow struck slowly upon the be the sense of danger and the remen'ranCe of the dream became greateand greater, and to so weakened a fraiie and so diseased a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. It is improbable most ghost stories misht be found to end in a similar natup solution, i *w"Notes and Queries.., 