HOMEWARD BOUND: OR, A LAND-LUBBER'S LOG. BY PETER 'POSSUM. CHAP. I. UNDER WAY. Upon a sunny, steaming afternoon in June, I bid good- bye to Sydney. She glanced merrily, with sparkling panes through her veil of golden gauze--mist steeped in sunlight--when I make my bow. She looks so win- some that I half regret that I am leaving her. But it is too late now for such regrets. The last bales of wool have just been hoisted in; the skipper and the pilot are on board; the blue peter flies from the fore- royal-masthead like a flattering forget-me-not; the Washington is hissing alongside like a Titanic tea- kettle; the crew, to the chant of "Cheerily, men, heigho!" are lugging the anchor from its cosy couch at the bottom of the tranquil Cove; the Omar Pasha will have her long black sides baptised in ocean spray ere nightfall. A little girl--unheeding the bustling crowd around \--is crying bitterly upon the poop. Her brother is going home to school, and the time for the last kiss is come. "Oh, bother!" exclaims the insensible young rascal, when he receives the moist salute; and, hav- ing watched his sister's descent into the wherry with the calmest of countenances, commenced a vigorous assault upon a couple of Bath buns, diminishing the dainties by alternate bites. I could kick him-- munching his spicy morsels so composedly, whilst that sweet little creature is sobbing her heart out. He will know how to value the love he now so coolly scorns, when he crouches, lonely and in sempiternal dread of a drubbing, in a cold corner of the dismal schoolroom, thousands of miles away. A washerwoman next goes over the side, in a state of profuse perspiration and blasphemy. She came on board to demand payment of "a little bill," but the seedy, impecunious swell, her debtor, dodged round the binnacle, dived down the companion, and locked himself in the water-closet; from which he issueth not until we were outside the Heads. The ship having been cleared of all "strangers,'' except a dozen or two that intend to return with the pilot in the tug, the tow-rope is made fast, and off we go. Three vessels of the same line, moored at the Cir- cular Quay, greet our clipper with three cheers as she stands out into the stream. We return the compliment with interest, for we are "homeward bound." The bulwarks of a recently arrived emigrant craft we pass are covered with a swarm of sluts and slovens, who evidently marvel that such a host of us should be leaving El Dorado. Sundry of us, to whom El Dorado has proved but "a stony-hearted stepmother," look equally astonished that such lots of people should still flock to it. One of our passengers is an ex-captain of the 77th. In compliment to him, the Artillery Band, as soon as we are abreast of their barracks, strike up with "Auld Lang Syne." The plaintive notes of "Home, Sweet Home" next float over the waters. The blithe notes of "The Girl I Left Behind Me" follow. Three hearty soldiers' cheers--as heartily reciprocated-- finish our farewell from Dawes' Battery. Our ship shoots down the harbour in the wake of her puffing satellite. I begin to feel spoony as the distant shores grow dim. I long for lynx's sight to pierce a wooded hill, and catch one more glimpse of hidden Waterview: the ladylike, landlocked Bay, with its bobbing red buoy, huge mailsteamers, and fleet of tiny yachts impaled, as it seems, like butter- flies on pins, on stakes made up of the masts, and their reflections in the clear, smooth waters; and the old house that was my only Sydney home,--with its rough lawn, in the centre of which the hoary dial- pillar totters like the deserted altar of a garden god;-- with its caoutchouc and its loquat trees that seem to grudge their nearest neighbour, an English pear tree-- as an intruding alien from northern climes--the glorious southern sunlight that clothers her in a snowy beauty that makes their dusky forms look drear;-- with its "pleached alleys," crumbling arbour, and rock-and-bramble-dotted paddock, where geese and turkeys wage a hissing, gobbling war, the startled quail dart up with a wild whir-r-r, and children's happy voices ring;-- with its haunted library, wherein by day I have spent so many delightful hours, and by night have so often been "overshadowed with the awe of a brooding and mysterious presence"--an eerie feeling that made me repent of the brave defiance I had thrown down to ghosts, when I thought that I had only natural ears to hear me, a little while before;--with the broad sunny verandah that I used to pace, smoking the pipe of peace, listening to words of wisdom, from reverend lips without, and to sweet music from taper fingers and winsome rosy lips within; and, finally, with the little back window, through which I have crppt, many and many a naughty time, into the re- proachful hush of my dark bedroom, when returning from roistering rambles at ever-so-much o'clock. It will be long before I find again forbearing charity and profuse, unflagging kindness like those I have ex- perienced in that dear old house. But we are out at sea--seven miles from shore. A number of red-faced gentlemen who have been taking a stirrup-cup with the captain, emerge from the cabin \--amongst them sundry militaires who have accom- panied their late comrade, the officer I mentioned, thus far upon his way. The tug casts us off,--they hurry over the side and hang on the accommodation ladder like a swarm of bees. At the bottom sits a jolly son of Mars, who, after sacrificing to Bacchus, appears inclined to devote himself bodily to Neptune. Whale-boats are tossing alongside like corks; he at- tempts to step into the foremost--up to the main- chains he mounts,--down into the deep he plunges, on the submerged ladder- foot. His friends advise him to take care, But not an inch to flinch ho deigns. Again and again, he gets a ducking, and, at length, is dragged over the boat's gunwale, looking a good deal more like a water-spaniel than an aide de camp. The road being no longer blocked by this vinously valorous gentleman, those on the upper steps descend. I say, "God bless you!" to the two kind friends who have "come outside" with me. The boats shove off, and pull to the tug that is blowing like a hundred of grampusses upon the larboard quarter. Each gives us a cheer as she passes under our stern, and when their crews are congregated on board the steamer, they thunder forth their farewell in a volley of hurrahs. We answer, and, with filling topsails, proceed upon our course. The Washington hurries back to the har- bour, and is soon engulphed in the gloaming, from which her signal lights alone gleam forth--red, green, and yellow--a triangle of stars. Far away over the dim waters shine the two Sydney lights: the ever waning and again waxing brilliance of the lighthouse, and the steady lustre of the beacon on the Inner Head. As I pace the deck and take a solitary smoke, watching that saving lustre, I think of the dark, dread night when the Dunbar was torn in pieces by the howling winds and hungry waves. The subject is not a cheerful one. I dismiss it, and descend the after hatchway; for the res angusta domi has com- pelled me to engage that res angustissima domi--pardon the bad Latin--that nutshell of a domicile, a berth in the 'tween decks. CHAPTER II. INTERMEDIATE "ACCOMMODATION." If Pluto kept pigs, their stye, in dirt, darkness, and discomfort could hardly have surpassed the scene I witness. In a cramped quadrangle, formed on three sides by unventilated--in several instances unlighted--cabins (fitted with bunks like shelves in apple closets), and on the fourth by wool bales, are grouped some five-and-thirty people--men, women, and children, in company with almost every kind of unclean and screaming bird, a yelping terrier, and a trio of for-ever-howling-cats. The floor is wet, miry, greasy, and converted by a host of infants into a gene- ral sewer, and by a few filthy adults into a huge spittoon. Two rough deal tables have been knocked up, but as yet there are no forms. Boxes, barrels, dust-baskets, water-buckets, slop-pails, constitute the rest of the furniture. The mainmast, like the leg of a gouty pre-Adamite monster, pierces the upper deck, and goes down through the under to unknown depths. On each side of it hangs a length of rusty cable. Mildewed boarding- pikes, worms and rammers, are fastened in one corner overhead. Two hammocks for passengers for whom no berths have been provided swing in another. A lanky windsail, like the scant petticoat of a thin giantess that has hanged herself, flips backwards and forwards across the ladder--at the bottom of which you can get a shower-bath, for it is raining smartly now. An uncovered square tin cistern of discoloured hot water, in which tea-leaves are floating like seaweed after a storm, has been graciously provided for our evening's refection. An oil lamp with a fungused wick enables those near it to move a yard without coming into contact with a neighbour's nose. I remember me of certain ham sandwiches and "soft tack" that a beneficent fairy caused to be de- posited in my berth before we started, and (having lost a tooth in my first attack upon the ship's biscuit) grope my way towards those more edible stores, in order to secure a meal. A seasick berthmate sits upon his box, using his pannikin for a basin. Feeling relieved, he empties the vessel, and dipping it into the stained warm water, makes it once more perform the function of a tea cup; sea sickness is a weakness of which, as a rule, I am not guilty, but, under these circumstances, I certainly begin to feel rather "qualmy," and rush on deck to avoid unpleasant consequences. When I, at last, turn in, I find that the gentleman who sleeps above me, indulges in never-ending nocturnal oratory, that my sick friend snorteth like a hippopotamus, and that the individual beneath him grinds his teeth and thumps his bedclothes in a manner that, I fancy, must indicate latent mania just on the point of breaking out. I barricade my bunk with boxes, placing my boots where I can at once lay my hand upon them (to shy them at the madman, should he sap my outworks, and make a treacherous assault upon me in the night), and, finally, fall asleep considerably perturbed in spirit. We have a scrambling breakfast next morning, taking our pannikins to the galley for our tea, and making our meal anywhere--on our boxes, on the longboat, the bulwarks and the booms. Not relishing this uncomfortable sort of picnic (more especially when we remember the cosy second cabin appointments in London and Liverpool liners), we get up an O. P. riot; abuse Aberdeen clippers and their Sydney agents as abominable take-ins, and protest against our treatment to the captain; who, thereupon, assigns us one of the ship's boys as steward, and orders the carpenter to make us a few forms. CHAPTER III. WHO'S WHO? Here--glancing forward a little--I may as well give rough sketches of a few of my shipmates. A hawk-billed, hay-moustached, crusty old Austrian we christened Marshal Haynau. The sweet-tempered English servant girl to whom he is married is known as Madame Absinthe. She is believed to avenge the wrongs her husband's namesake inflicted on her sex by drubbing him as proxy. Guttural lamentations issue from their cabin during the small hours. By day she is for ever expressing a desire to pull the nose of some unfortunate one of us menfolk. The affection that she inspires is great. Mother Hubbard is a fat, fassy, vulgar, venomous little woman, an unmarried "matron" of unenviable notoriety. She takes her title from her hat, and clumps about the deck in sabots. She loveth to talk of her "case," and the "cree- yewel manner" in which the Sydney Morning Herald commented on it. Everybody on board, from the captain to the cook, is compelled to listen to her defence of her conduct. She speaketh of the ships that she has brought out, her surgeons, &c.;, &c.;, and attempteth to lay down the law in the 'tween decks with a "Now, gentlemen, another point I have to mention." The previous point being invariably pooh-poohed, she sulks and vents her spite in a quarrel with all below of her own sex. Being sent to Coventry by them, she payeth assiduous court to the bachelors. These dull crea- tures remaining deaf to her charming, charm she never so unblushingly, she patches up a reconciliation with the women, and tries to set the men by the ears--plays the part, in fact, of a regular little apple-dumpling of strife. A Jew could not beat her at a bargain. She would fain barter fusty old bedclothes for valuable birds, and offers, in exchange for a gold ring, a two- penny inkstand and a pot of black currant jam. I re- gret to state that she tells fibs, and when con- victed of them, indulges in very naughty talk, indeed. At length she is shunned \--cautius viperino sanguine--by all of both sexes in the 'tween decks, but having been employed by one of the cabin passengers to do some needlework, she assumeth the airs of a fine lady, and drawleth out her vulgarisms in a style that reminds one forcibly of Miss Carolina Wilhelmina Amelia Skiggs. Maternal care is a beautiful thing, no doubt, but the cleansing portion of it can be very well dispensed with at meal times. A widow lady is exceedingly fond of proving that her babe is not a cherub--that is, if churchyard sculptors may be believed--whilst we are taking our dinner. Her three other olive branches, yclept Shem, Ham, and Japhet, from the remarkable Noah's Ark tunics that they wear, favour us at the same time with a perpetual, or, at all events, only pudding-punctuated, chorus of "Haul the bowline-- the bowline-- Joe!" One of the youngsters--rising four--is a practical moralist, and having pitched into a little friend, attempts to stop the retributive blow that is about to descend upon his pudgy little face with the following piece of ingeniously onesided ethics: "If I hit you, you mustn't hit me--that's what I learnt at the Sunday School!" Almost as amusing is the Christian resignation of the Archbishop of Canterbury, alias the Ecclesiastical Pirate. This is a good, simple-hearted fellow, who owes his nicknames to his piety and a very corsair- like guernsey that he wears. He has been away from England for twenty years, and now is going home for one month only, that he may see his father, whose de- clining years he has made easy by an annual allow- ance, before the old man dies. His Grace, although, I believe, sincerely pious, is no Puritan, but relishes a quiet glass of brandy, and water hot. He wishes to purchase a bottle of his favourite spirit from the cabin steward, but is informed that rum can only be supplied to inter- mediate passengers; whereupon the prelate at first is downcast, but soon brightens up, and murmurs with a smile, "Ah, well! There will be no distinction of persons in heaven." He seems to think that he will be able to get his brandy there. A little Jew, who answers to the pseudonyme of Figaro, having met with a similar disappointment, indites the following letter to the skipper:-- 'Tween-decks of Ship Omar Pasha, dinner-time. Sir,--I cannot dine without a jorum of my wonted beverage. That beverage Is brandy. I therefore request that you will at once send me down a bottle. By so doing you will oblige yours, &c.;, &c.; A comical little creature is this same Figaro--as good as a monkey on board ship. It is a moot point as to which furnishes us with the more entertainment, \--he, or the veritable monkey, Jenny. He is at home everywhere, and sings, dances, and makes a good- tempered fool of himself continually. For the most part he takes chaff like a Briton, laughs at a joke directed against himself, and fetches and carries just as he is bid; but occasionally, when his tormentors press too hard upon him, he waxes ferocious, wants to fight six-footers, pummels deal boards to let off his boiling indignation when his challenge is grinningly refused, and mauls the Queen's English at a fearful rate for want of any other opponent to punish. His aspirations during his exasperated fits are awful. He has picked up, in the course of his wanderings about the world, a few scraps of Dutch, German, and Spanish, on the strength of which he sets up for a great linguist. He parades this patchwork philology in every conver- sation, and occasionally favours us with a flood of Hebrew. In this, he says, he is as perfect as he is in English. He offers to instruct me in the sacred tongue; but not wishing to acquire the Cockney Hebrew I infer from his comparison that he would teach me, I gratefully decline the offer. He is by no means after the straitest sect of his religion a Pharisee. He has a penchant for salt pork, and looks upon me as a prodigy of Biblical erudition when I prove to him that Saul, and not Abraham, as he had previously imagined, was the first King of Israel. He candidly confesses that his creed consists in the best way of making a shilling and getting a good dinner. He is always ready for a "deal," and indulgeth in lip-licking reminiscences of the "pepper-pot" he ate in the West Indies, where he intends to end his days in order that he may die in the enjoyment of that queerly christened luxury. Because they possess it, and when in them he drove a roaring trade as storekeeper, he asserts that the West Indies are the modern Eden. Their climate he affirms to be the most healthy in the world, and, in the next breath, will tell you that Yellow Jack laid him by the heels unnumbered times when in Barbadoes. He brags enormously of his commercial operations, and directly afterwards makes affectionate allusion to the happy days when he sold single sticks of sealing wax, or carried the pedlar's pack. He denounceth dishonesty in general, and commendeth sharp practice in particular. He is an illogical, boastful, selfish, sen- sual, keen, simple, humble, obliging, merry little chap. Strange medley of contradictory qualities though he be, there are worse fellows in the world than Figaro. The President of the Corroboree Club--by envious outsiders denominated the Swell Mob, (a society that a few of the more civilised of us form ourselves into, to avoid lapsing into barbarism through association with the savages around us)--is an agreeable, manly, good-looking, clever young fellow from Devonshire. He has been almost everywhere and almost everything \--digger, soldier, lawyer, dramatic author, actor, artist, editor, bookseller, baker, coffin-maker, and I know not what besides. The yarns he spins out of his adventures serve to wile away many a weary day, and long dark evening. He hath, however, one weak- ness, arising from his reputation as a lady-killer. He bores one awfully with narratives of his success amongst the fair sex. What possible interest can I take in the phantasmal Fannys and Sophys that another man summonses from the past, simply to state how fond they were of him--poor fools? I would far sooner listen to a chronicle of his dinners. Dainties that I have not tasted are not nearly so tantalising to be told of, as are darlings that I have not kissed. Figaro officiates as Jester to the club. The other members are a good-looking young New Zealander, whom we denominate Orsini, from his likeness to the conspirator, and a jolly young Englishman, whom we dub Donaldson, from his resemblance to the portly proto-Premier; and last my humble self. My insane comrade proved, on further acquaintance, a very harmless lunatic. His mania chiefly manifests itself in cultivating a moustache exactly like a dirty, worn out toothbrush, in sitting on his box all day after the fashion of a brooding hen, and in never replying when you speak to him. In the tropics, moreover, he wears continually the red comforter that he had only wore occasionally when coming round Cape Horn. Nicodemus is a cabin passenger, an easy-tempered, imbecile youth, who is being sent back to his friends, after a futile attempt to acquire "colonial experience" in the Australian bush and banks. We call him Nico- demus because he visits the Corroborree Club by night \--secretly, for fear of the swells. We once prevailed upon him to favour us with a song; whereupon, in a voice that might be the groan of a dying cow, or the grunt of a wheezy bassoon, he breaks forth with The gwog, boys! the gwog, boys! bwing hither, And fill it right up to 'e bwim-- Thwee chairs for 'e wed, white, an' blue! Generally, however, he labours under a great depres- sion of spirits, which we attribute to a dread that his governor will give him a licking when he gets home. The captain's specialities are a love of whist and a liking for whisky. He cares so much for his cabin passengers that in a short time they care nothing for him. To his intermediate passengers he is a sort of Epicurean divinity, sitting outside their small world, and only seeing it go. However, he is very polite to me, when he happens to remember my existence; and, as the best proof of my gratitude, I will say no more about him. (To be continued.) CORONER'S INQUEST. - An inquest on view of the body of James Witcombe, aged 64 years, was held on Saturday, at deceased's late residence, Shepherd's Paddock. He was a carpenter, and worked at Messrs. Tooth's Brewery. Whilst employed on the lower platform of a new building, about eight feet from the ground, he stepped upon the end of a loose plank, and, by its tipping at the other end, he was made to fall backwards to a floor below, his head striking against a stone, and so far inflicted hurt that he died a short time after his removal home, notwithstanding he had the prompt attentions of two medical men. The proximate cause of death appeared to be concus- sion of the brain. Verdict-Died by a fall. Tub Lighting op West Maitland bv Gas. Various projects have from time to time been mooted for the lighting of the town of West Maitland by gas, but hitherto all have failed from some cause or other. We perceive, however, that another attempt to bestow this boon upon the inhabitants is about tobe made, by the enterprise of one individual, and fudging from the spirit and zeal with which Mr. Tuok has entered into the project, we believe his labours will eventually be crowned with success. His recent visit to England was for the purpose of purchasing the materials and apparatus for the undertaking. The enterprise is a great one for a private individual, and Mr. Tuck has wisely, before commencing operations, determined to be in possession of a bill enabling him to erect the requisite machinery for the purpose of making gas, &o; , to break up the soil and pavement of the streets far the laying of pipes, to-make contraots for such purposes, and to enforce the payment of moneys for the due supply of gas. The bill will, we understand, be at once presented, although from the shortness of the Parlia- mentary Bession it is very doubtful whether it will pass, or be left for the new Parliament to dispose of. As it involves no principle, but would on the contrary confer a benefit upon a large portion of the community, it is to bihoped that no unnecessary delay will occur. When possessed of the powers contemplated in the bill, Mr. Tuck intends erecting gasometers and other apparatus, of dimensions and capabilities sufficient for the adequate supply of the whole town of West Mait- land with gas. ' Mr. Tuck estimates that he will he in a position to supply gas at the Sydney rate.-Maitland Mercury. _.__ Aehial Vovaob prou Livehtoo-to Manchester. Such a vovage was successfully accomplished on Mon day, by Captain Hall. The process of inflation was commenced at the Wavertree Gasworks, Liverpool, on Monday, at noon ; and in about an hour and a half the Florence Nightingale was distended by nearly 20,000 cubic feet of. gas. As ehe gradually filled and in- creased in sizî as well as buoyancy, ehe became more and more unmanageable. Seeing that the ascent must be made at once, the aeronaut entered the car, ordered the ropes to be cut, and in a minute was sai'ing rapidly through the air. The wind carried him by the shortest route to Manrihester ; how rapidly we may judge, when we knpw that the distance of 31J railway milea was ac- complished in* three quarters ot an hour, being ten minutes or a quarter of an hour lees than the time occupied by ¿he express trains on the London and North-Wesrem Railway. When approaching Man- chester Captain Hall distinguished Peel Park, Salford, and the peopîV enjoy rug themselves in it, and his first itppulse was ti-BUrpriia thetn by-making his- descent there ; but asjfe lowered he found there were trees in his way, and he was compelled to reascend and pass over Manchester, from which he mast have been seen Some two or three miles beyond it he descended sifely upon the property of a gentleman by whom he was well received. We conjecture thot the descent must have been effected in the neighbourhood of Moston Hall. The voyage was commenced at a quarter-past two o'clock, and concluded at ten minutes after three. -Liverpool Mercury. 