EXl'itAOlini.VAUV CAME. Wo find in tho Tints of 15th Juno tho following roport of a very remarkable case, which was heard iu tho Court for Bivorco and Matrimonial Causea, on the provious day, beforo tbo Lord Chief Justico Cockburn, tho . I udgo Ordinary, and Mr. Justico Wightman. Wo may aay that such a caso is almost unprecedented in the annals of English juri(prud»nco : — ROBINSON v. ROBINSON AITD LA.NIJ. Thia was a petition for a dissolution of marriage pre sented by Mr. Kobimon, a civil engineer, against h's wife, on tho ground of adultory. Tho respondent, Edward Mr. Lane, is tho proprietor oC tho hydropathic establishment at Moorpark. Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., Dr. Addaras, Q.C., and Mr. Karahvko, appeared for tho petitioner; Mr. 1'orajth, Q.C., Dr. 1'hillimoro, Q.C., and Mr. Coloridgo, for tbo respondents. Mr. M. Clnmbors said, in his oponing address, that tho ovidenco waa of a vory extraordinary character, nnd : conclusive kb against tho wifo ; but ho was bound to confess that ho entertained soino doubt whother their Lordahips would consider it tufTiciont as against Dr. Lane. The marriage took placo inFobruary, 1811, Mrs. Robinson boing then tho widow of a Mr. 'JaiiBcy, and possessed of botwocn £490 and £500 a year, which was settled upon hor ta hor soparate uso. Thoy resided after, thsir marriago at Blackhoatb, Eliuburgh, Boulogno, and Heading. During their residonco at Edinburgh in 1850, they became acquainted with Mr. Lane, who Wai then studying for tho law. Ho oftorwards married a daughtorof Lndy Drysdalo, and sot up a hydropathic establishment at .Moor-park, well known as Sir William Tomplu's residonco. llr. and Mrs Hobinson, in 1851, were living at Heading, and their acquaintance with Dr. Lano waa reuswod. Mrs. Robinson visited Moor park from time to time, but her husband had no idea that his wifo was unchaste. In 1957, howovcr, during an illness of Mrs. Hobinaou, ho mado a discovery which opened his eyes. Ho discovered a diary written by hia wifo, containing an extraordinary uarrativo of. her : impure conduct. Mr. Fonyth s»id ho should object, on behalf of Dr. Lano, against this diary being given in cvidouco. Thoir Lordahips, howevor, ovorruled tho objection, and Mr. M. Chambers prococdod : Tlio diary contained tho namoa of two young men whom Mrs. Hobiuson had apparently ondoavourcd to corrupt, but he would not montion thorn, as thoro wan nothing to show that blio had succeeded. (Tho diary is in three volumes of con r-iderablo Bizo, and oxtcndB from Jfovumbor, 1850, to Novemb«r, 1855.) Various oxtrncls wore road respcot ing tho Brat introduction of Mrs. ItobiriBon to Mr. Lano, in which aho spoko of him in terms of great admiration. In othor places sbo referred to somo lines which Bho hvl writton uudor tho litlo of ' Spirit Dis cord,' and to tho ' preponderance of amativonoss' in her character. But the passages upon which tha chief: reliance- was placed were written at tho period whon she waa on a visit to Moor-park, In 1S5-1, aud wero as follow : — ' Oct. 7, Sunday.— Fine sunny, warm, gonial day, almost liko tho former month. Dr. Lano askod ma to walk with him, but I thought ho meant only politeness; , an 1 1 wont lo tho nursery and stavod with my littlo pots morelthan an hour. Ho mot mo thore at last, reproached me for not coming, and bade me come away. I still lingered, but at last lolned him, and he led mo away and nlono to our nrivnto haunts, taking a wider range, and and a moro Bcoludod path. At last I askod to rest, and wo sat on a plaid and read Athcnaumj, chatting mean while. Thoro was somothing unusual in his manner, something softor than usual in his tono and oyo, but I know not what it proceodod from, and chatted gaily, leading tho conversation— talking of Gootho, woman's dross, and of what was bocoiuing and suitable. Wo walked on, and again seated ourselves in a gladu uf the moat surprising beauty. Tho sun shono warmly down upo» us, tho fern, yollow and brown, waa ttretched away beneath us, fine old trees in groups adorned the near gcund, and far away glearaod the bluo hil's. I gavo myself up to enjoyment. I leaned back ngnlnst somo firm, dry heather bushes, and latighod and rjinarkod as I rarely did in that presence. All at onco, just aa I was joking my companion on hia want of memory, ho leaned over me, and exclaimed, ' If you Bay that ng.iiu, I will kiss you;' You may belicvo I made no opposition, for had I not dreamed of him and of this full many a time boforo P What followod I hardly remember — passionate- kisaes, whispered wordB, confotsions of tho past. Oh. God ! I never hopod to seo this hour, or to havo any part of my lovo rcturuod. Yet bo it was. He waj norvous, and confused, and eager a% myself. At last wo raised ouruolvos, and wont on happy, fearful, almost silont. Wo Fauntored, not hooding whero, to a grovo. of pines, ' . nnd thoro lo.ikod ovor another viow beautiful aa that on , this bido, but wilder. In descending wo lud seen the ISrowDs, and now thought it noce«ary slowly to join them. They had observed nothing. Wo wero sate.1 Constraining ouraclv«B to convoiso, wo Biiocoedcd in dis arming all suspicion, and reached the house together, but Jato for dinnor. I waa fiusliod and excited ou ' going down, and noithor I nor Dr. L fairly met one auothor'a oyes or spoko during dinner. Mr. H ? , who sat by and talked to 1110 (much to my relief), had toga to tho rail, and tho carriago caino and I went with Dr. aud Mr*. Lano nnd thochitdrcn. We wero a little orowded ingoing, hut a sense of Jniddon satisfaction nnd happiness was glowing at my heart. Wo chatted in ro turning, but rf indifferent matters, and dear littlo in nooont Mrs. Ij ? Bat bobind with hor fino baby ailecn and lnid under her cloak. 1 1 was a protty d rivo through Fainham, by tho Bishop's, palace. I was afterward. ?. with her and Doatio in the stablo yard hoiiio timo, aud loat eight nf ovory ono but tho ouilcl ; neither in tho - liouso could I find any 0110. His nnrso was out, and ho ran about my room till dusk. I then lay down and dozed, quito overpowered with roinombranoo and old memories. At last I bad a light, and dressed for tea, ? and lo kod woll In pulo bluo silk. 1 met hia ghnco a I camo (at the sound of tho gong) to tho dining room, and 1 knew that I wna watched. Somo timo paiacd iu a desultory manner. I walked with Alfrod in tho hull, j unwilling to go upstairs uiilcai I might sea him no f moro a!ono. At hat Lady D ? herself: wishod 1110 to into the library. Mr. Lano camo down, but kindly i did not press 1110 to go up. At Inst ho camo from tho . : stnblo cold, nhivcring, norvous, ill. Alfrqd went up to . ? hear a ghost story from Mias 13 ? , nud wo drew nrar ' 1 tho fire. How the evening pasEod I know not. It waa ?'? full of passinuato excitomont, long and clinging kiases, .;? and norrons sensations, not unaccompanied with rfroad of intrusion. Yet bliss predominated. Ho 1103 psr- „ ticularly gontlo, soothing my agitation, and novor for an instant forgetting tha gontloman and tho kindly friend. Alfred caino to him to go to his boh, nnd ho reluctantly went, but camo back and Boftly kissed iuy closed oyea. I tried to raiao my drooping head, but in vain ; and at laat, in absolute dread of any one breaking in, ho advised mo to go. I smoothed my tumbled hair, and in a few moments found myself in tho drawing room, at half- past nine. Fortunately, only a few of tho guests wcro there. No one had a right to question my absence, or appcaianoe. At laat, after occupying inyisU vith a book of autographs, aud chat ting with Mr. S ? , Dr. and Mm. L ? earn* iota the room ttgsther. and toon aftor Ludy D ? . What, an escape I (had kad I What a calm appearance I could now males I General conTonntion foilpwod. I turned to listou, and Dr. Lana repeated to Jliw B — — soma of the finest odes of Byron. When the/ went 1 rose toj »nd w»b gliding away, when Dr. L- — gave me a watm shake — so warm that it cruahed my fingers with the rings, S3 that I fait it for au hour. Alas ! I slept littlo that night, waking, rising, longinj, dreaming— and Blowly carao the morn, ' Oct. 8. * ? ? At last Jfr.i. Lano came. Mot Dr. Liu.o onco, but I baldly stayed near my door to hoar Iilui rtmark that ho hoped his buainoss would finish shortly. He wrote along letter to Mr. ? ?, of Edin burgh, who wished to coma and live with him for a while. It was n nicely written lottor, I lay down, wearied, exhausted, norvous. Ho tapped at hnlf-pist twolvo, and bado ino ccmo down and wal|c: but I re fused, and dozed on. Mrs. Lane camo in, when I dressed and slowly wont out to him. Ha joinod mi at 'tho foot of the stairs, and we sauntered out togethor, 'walking all round the grounds nnd by tho witcr, yet Baying littlo to ono another, for both wero weary and feeble. I - named my not having sl°pt: ho said ho was in pain, and cou'.d hardly Ret on at all. Both wore agi tated, confused, nnd nervous, and I asked him how it was ho actod M bo did on Sunday. At last I proposed leaving tho grounds (as tho air was hot and moitt) and getting a breeze on tho hill. We climbed it slowly, and rested among the dry fern. I shall not say what Al lowed. He rose more compoied and cheerful, and wo wont homo quickly, fearing its boing too lato. The din ner was cheerful enough, and I talked all I could to Lady D — , for there wore few persons present, and turned from him, leaving him to talk to ? . After dinnor, and a- visit to Dr. ? , w* had a nioe long rido to Waverley, Miss B— « both behind. I congratulated him on boing better, and said that his voice on tho Btiiri showed that ho was so. ? ? ' Oct. 10. * ?? &fr.; Lane csrae out, and walked about tho grounds with mo : awhile talked to Miss ? , nnd finally joined Alfred and me near the bounding fence, aud souu set out for the wood, taking the usual oirouit, walking through the outor pine woods, and finally returning bySwift's ottago, and lower walk. We talked with the utmost confidence, but somewhat moro calmly. I cntroatod him to believe that Binco my mar riage I had never beforo in tho Bina'lost degroo traus gressed. Ho cousolcd me for what I had done, and con jured mo to fi.rgivo myaolf. Ho said he had always liked mo. and had thought with pity of lay being thrown away, us my husband was ovidently unsuitcd to ui», aud was, as he could sco plainly, violent tempered and un amiablfi. Thon wo spoko of his early age, thirty-ono, thesweot unsuspicious oharacterof bin wife, rather than pain whom ho would cut off his right hand.' Th 3 next extract referred toadrivo in a fly from Hoorpark to tho Ash Railway utit'on : — 'Wo drove off, Alfred soon taking his placo on the box. I never spent so Mossed nn hour as the ono that followed, full of such bliss that I could willingly have died not to wake out of it again. All former tiim.8 wero adverted to aud explained. Ho had not refrained on past occasions from a display of his truo feelings with out much pain and from prudential motives. I reminded him of my lines from Paul and Virginia, and owned they wore addressed to him. I shall notrolnte all that passed: suffico it to say that I leaned back at last in those arms I had so often dreamod of, and kiesed tho curls and smooth lace, so radiant with beauty, that had dazzled my outward nnd inward vision sinco the first interview, November 15, 1850. Ho lind always known I liked him, but not the full extent of tho feoling, and owiud it had never been indolicatoly expressed. This roliovod me. Heaven itso'f could not bo uo.-o blessed than thoao moments. While Ufa itself shall endure, their remembrance will not pass away fr in a momory charged with much suffering and little bliss ' Oct. 14. * * The doctor, aftor talking fome little while, appeared to return to his former kind feoling for me, caressed me, and toinpted me, and finally, af'cr somo delay, wo adjourned to tho next room and spout a quarter of an hour in blissful excitement. I became nearly helplcES with the effects of his presoncc, could hardly lot him dopart, wept when he bndo mo try to obviate consequence*, and finally bado him a pusionate farewell. 1 tvaa alone. Fassion-wasted and sorrowful, sleep was far from me : that night I tossed, and dreamed and burned till morning, too weary and weak tc risR.' Mr. 51. Chambers, in conclusion, said that Mr. lloliin ?on had obtained a divorce a mema it ihoro, in the Kc desiastical Couit, upon this cvidenco : but it was now, lio bolieved, intended to be urged on tho other frido tba all that was described by Mrs. Robinson was mere hal lucination, nnd had no fonndation in fact. It would, therefore be corroborated by othor testimony. Mr. James Jay, brother-in-law of the petitioner, was then called, and proved that the marriago took placo at Hereford in February, 1844. Mrs. UobinBon was a widow with ono child, Alfred. They lived at Black lieath for Bcveral years, aud always appeared to bo on good terms. The petitioner was a kind and affoctionato u»band. These diaries (produced) woro in the hand writing of Mrs. ltob.nson. She appeared to hi now about fifty yoata of age. Mr. Jainea Itobinson, the father ef tho petitioner, also proved that thoy lived upon good terms. Eliza Powor, a nurso in Mr. Robinson's family for eight years, stated that, while they wero at Edinburgh Mr. .Robinson's engagements sometimes took him away from lioine. Ho wa3 always kind to his wifo. ? Miss Frances Drown became acquainted with tho po tionor and his wifo at Edinburgh, about tho end of 1850, and frequently met t'jora in society. Sho went on a visit to Dr. and Mrs. Lnno, at Moor Park, in October, 1854\. Mrs. Robinson came there on a visit, and stayed about three days in that month. Dr. Lane aud Mrs. Robinson had been intimato from tho time sho knew them, hut she did not notice that they wero then more intimate tha i on former occasions. Ono Sunday after noon, pretty late, she and her Bister met Dr. Lane and Mrs. llobinaon coming from n walk. They seemol to be coming from tho Moors. The ground in thoueighbow hood of Moor Park was thinly wooded. They ap proached and talked to them. Sho remembered telling a ghost Btoiy to a child of Airs. Robinson on that even ing. When Mrs. Robinson left she went in a carriage at night, and Dr. Lnno went with her to the station. Cross-examined : Dr. Lane kept a hydropnthio estab lishment, and paid great a'tention to all tho ladies under his care. It never occurred to her that there was any impropor attachment betweon tho doctor and Mm. llobinson. She could remember that thero woro seven adies there, somo marriod, some singK Dr. Lano was n tho habit of walking out with different ladi'S in the grounds. Thoro woro a great many trees near tho houso. Tho moorlandB wero about a mile from the houso. Tha child Alfred was probably with Mrs. Robinson when tlio ivc-ut to tho station. A groom, named Warren, who had lived with Mr. Hobinjf/nMnlWl , anri-Vf {erwari'a with'Dr, Lino, dos cribedflio grounds in the neighbourhood of HoDr park, in order to identify tho places mentioned in tho diary. Mit^tor Alfred generally acootnpnniod Mrs. Kobinson on her vihitj to Moor park. Ho had seen Mrs. Robinson and Dr. Lano walking together in the park. Ho had also turn them in a summerhouso, ho Bitting with his arm roawl her waist. He had also Been them moro than once don ? on the island in which the Bummerhouse is vituated. Cross-examined: Ho left Dr. Lane's service becauso he did uoS Hko it. Ho had complained to Mr. Iiobimon that tha placo was hard. Some timo afttr leaving Dr. Lauo he obtained a place through tho recommendation of Mr. Robinson. Ho had spoken to tho butlor at Moor park about what J!r. UobimonandMr. Hild had said to ? him, bnthe did not cay that ho had never been Dr. lane wir !i his arm round Mrs. RobinBon'n nock. Two other Bcrvants proved that Dr. Lano appeared to pay Mrs. Robinson groat attention, but said they had not n.i'iled any improper familiarities. One of them added tli it Mrs. Robinson had Bpoken to her of Dr. Lane .is ?, very handsome and 'fascinating' person. The C'urt adjourned beforo the conclusion of the pe- . titione;'. caso. ANEenOTB OF THE RBV. STD.fBV SMITH.— On «X aminiu; tome flowers in a garden, a beautiful girl who iraio' rhe party exclaimed, 'Oh, Mr. Smith, this pea will iiev -r come to perfection.' ' Permit ino'f thou,' Kaid Syd .oy, gently taking her hand and walking to irards tli ) plaut,, ' to lead perfection to the poa.' ? ry.BEnTniA.BisB ExTRAOBDtiriRY. — A novel raa'oh e»me off '/n\Yednc»day,2nd May, atGarratt lane, Wands worth. The particulars of th* undertaking were ai follow : — Mr: 'William Payne, of Croydon, had Wtgored a Bum of £25 against timo, that he and his three, bro thers, Richard, Charles, and Jostph, ihould aggrtgattly ?walk twentj-four miles in four consecutive hours. Tins was not a common match, for four mtn uoh to walk iix miles within the hour, but, should there be any defi ciency in the performance of one, that deficiency ihonM be made good by the others ; as, for instance, should th» first walk on'y five miles in hia hour, the other three would lure to walk uinotcon betweon them, and so on. Previous to tho match taking place, the old icythe boarer was freely backed at S to 4, which odds we wore given to understand had been taken to a pretty con siderable amo int by tho M«B-ra. P. and their fritnds. Tho d»y was very unpropitious, rain dcsHnding heavily during tho whole time of the performance, notwith rtand ng which thsro wore a number of pereom »f th« highest respoL'tability prosont, and not leas than from forty ro fifty carriages and other vehicles crovdgd Mr. . Sadler'* court-yard. At tnro o'clock, the appointed timo, the four brothers mado their appearance on the ground, and, after somo preliminaries had been settled, Sir. Clements (lata of tha Angel) was appointed umpire for tho Paynes, and Mr. Kdward Atteridge (of the Queen's Head, Beddingtun Corner, Canhalton) fir Old CJironos. Charley Westhall, of pedestrian ceUbrity, wa» by common consent chosen roforeo. The umpireB accom paniid tho I'ayues round tho course in a ' trap.' It may ho interesting to our readers to know tho heights of iho brothers. William utands S fett 5J inches, Kicliard C foot 4 inches, Cliarles 5 feet 9j incheu, «nd Josoph S foet 5 inches AVilliam was the first who cttrted, and within hia hour walked 5jJ ruilcs and 3U0 ynnls. Richard next appeared at tlio scratch, and in liii sixty minutes wont over 0J milos aud 43 yards. Odds woro now 4 to 1 on thu I'ayncs. Tho third who presontod himsolf was Charlm, who in his timo covered C.J miles and . 181 yards. Josoph Payno, tho last brolhor, ?cconip iahed tho residuo of tho four-and-twonty milos with eaio in 49 min. 10 sec, thus winning tlio matoh by 10 min. 50 Beo., the full timo occupied bcJjii; 3 h. dO min.— Bell's Life in London. OrutOH and So OrmtoH.— 'Pay mo that ill and ?ithtpone* you owo me, Mr. MuUooney,' »ald a village attorney. ' For whnt !' — ' For ihe opinion you kad of me.' — ' Faith I never had any opinion of you in my life.' ? A Cutlioos M^ATcn.— A trial of skill of a, very nn usual kind took placo on M»nday last, at Mr. ?'TrlflU'i slaUi:h'or-yi.rd, Ballanrat. A match of £25 aside, with a kot of £15 at tho back of it, wa3 m«do durinj; the pre vious week, botno-n two slaughtermen, one Richard Major Hunt, in tho employ of Mr. Ettemhank, and the other, William Mortimer, in tho sorvice of Mossra Sweeuey Brothers. The object of tho mutch was to teit each other's fkill as crack slauphtermon. Tho condi tions of the match wero, that each man was to Bkta and dross a bullock that had been previously killed and do capitated. Both men not to work, nnd, in tho short Bnao.A fif ninn minntiR TTnnt Tind cnmrtiAted bii iob. Mor timer being exactly 32 seconds behind. In that timo tho winner wtwhed hia carcase, but good juigca nay the loser did his work tho oloanost. Tho winnor cut down his boast witk three strokes of the driver.' Mr: Walter Craig, of Bath'a hotel, and Mr. Hoyt, acted ns umpireB, and Mr. Newton officiated as referee. tTpwardsof thrco hundred peoplo were present. ..;.'?. R*ret Outdone— Amongst a herd of remounts that were brought to Kirkee, near Poonah, latoly,.wai mo most obstreperous little nag. A tall nix-foet front tank man of Iho 3rd Dragoon Guards stopped up to tho fractious littlo brute, and without much ado tucked tho struggling croaluro under his brawny arm, and amid the olieors and laughtor of the wholo corps, carried him round tho pnrade ground, and Bet the astonished animal down again as tamo &3 ever Mr. lUroy co'ildbave made him. Mr. W. Word, writing from 124, Richmond etreot, Toronto, Canada West, Btates that the American horse-taming secret has long been known in that pro vince. Mr. Word writoa : — ' 1 hero stato Mr. Rarey*s theory of taming the horse. Having hnltored your colt and oarefsed him, fasten his near fore foot with a strong (trap round tho pastern and radius, or fore-arm ; fasten ltio foot un nafo : mike him hon round on three legs till tirod ; when he is tired, put a strap with a noose rouno. the off pastorn ; mako him hop ; then pull tho strap that is on tho off pastern, and ho will como on his knees. When on his knees, keep the strap tight, that he cannot get his foot sl.ck to got up. Bear against the horse's shoulder with yours Btoadily. and Ve will lie down in a few minutes. When ho is down, stroko him the wny the hair lies. Take off tho straps as soon as he is down. Tou can now do anything with him you wish.' 