THE OWL. The eagles, kiteR, and hawkc, hunt by day. The owl is the Nimrod of the night.' Then, like one who shall be nameless, he sails abnul seeking those whom lie may devour. To do him justice, he has a truly ghost- like head and shoulders of his own. What horror to the ' small birds rejoicing in spring's leafy bowers,' fist locked, we were,, going to say, in each others' nrma but sitting side by side fn the same cosy nuptial nest, to be startled out of their love-dreams by the great lamp eyed, beaked face of a horrible monster with horns, picked oat of feather bed, and wafted off in one bunch, within taloue, to pacify a set of hissing, and snappish, and shapeless ponder-pufTn, in the loop bole of a barn ? In a house where a cat is kept,. mice are much to be pitied. They are so infatuated wiih .the smell of respectable larder, that to leave the pre mises, they confess, is impossible. Yet every hour, nay, erery minute of their lives — must they be in fear, of being leaped out upon by four velvet paws— and devoured with .kisses from a rvhiskered mouth, and a throat full of that incom prehensible music — a purr. Life, on such terms, seems to us anything but desirable. But the truth is, that mice in the fields are not a whit better off. Owls are cats witli wings. Skimming along the grass tops, Ihry stop in a momentary hover, let drou a lalon, a-d away with Mos, his wife, and uniall family of blind children. It is ihe white, or yellow, or barci,' or church, or screecb-oivl, or gi I ley owlet, Uiat behaves in Uub way; ani he makes no bones of a mouse, uniformly awollowiiig him alive.' Ou: friend, we st!sp'ecl,-though no drunk'ark, is somewhat of a glutton. In one thing we agree with him, that there is no sort of. harm in a heavy supper. There, however, we are, guilty of some confusion of ideas ; fur what to us, wl.o rise in the moruing, stems a supper, is to him who gets up at evening twilight, a break-' fas'.. We therefore agree ? with' him in thinking that there is no sort of harm in a. heavy breakfast. After having passed a pleasant nii;ht in eating and flirting, he goea to bed betimes about four o'clock in the morning j and as Biwiok observes, makes a blowing hissing noise, resembling the snoring uf a man. Indeed, nothing cau be more diverting to a person annojed by blue devils, than to look at a white awl and his wife aa'e.-p. With their heads gently incline.! towards each other, there they keep snoring a vay like any Chris'ian co-iple. ' Should the one* make a pause, the other that instant awakes ! and,' fearing something may be wronp wi h his spouse, opens a. pair of glimmer-' ing eyed, and inspects the adjacent ' phys' o^numy with the scrutinising stare of a village apothecary. If all be right, the concerl is resumed, the snore sometimes degenerating into a snort of snivel, and the snivel into a sort of a blowing hiss. First lime we heard this was iu a church yard .when we were mere b ys, having ventured- in after dark to catch Ihe miiiis te.-*.- colt fora gallop over lo' the parish' cipi'a , wh Te ttiere was a dancing school ball,; There had been a ne-t of owls in game holes io the spire, but 'we never doubted for a moment that the noise «,f blowing, snoring, hissing, and snapping proceeded from a testy old uei.tleman that had been buried Uut aftetnoo:i, and had c me alive again a day nfier the fair. Had we reasoned' the niatier a Ii lie, we, must sojn have convneed ourselves that there was gronnd ' for alarm to. us at least; for. the noise x was like that of some one half stilled, and little likely 'to b'eave- up. .from 'Him a six-feet deep load of earth to say nothing of the improbability of his being'able to unscrew llie coffin from the inside. Be that as it may, .we cleared jibotit a dozen of decent tombstones at three jumps— the fourth lo-k.ns over a wall Hve feet hi;h within 4iid-about fifteen without, -and .landed us,, with a sqiiatl), in a cabhage-garden, en closed ou the other three sides by a bouse and a holly-hedge. - The house was the sext. n's, who, apprehending the stramttsh to proceed from a resuriecliuuary surgeon mistaken in 'is latitude, tluust out a tunic duck-gun from a tvinduw in the tin lei), and s -ore to blowout our brains if we. did not instantly surrender ourselves, and deliver up tho corpse. It. was in vain to cry. out our name, which he kne-v ns well as our own. He was deaf lo reason, and would not withdraw liis paiterero till we tail down the 'corpsri, '. He swore. ilial he saw the sack- in the mbonlight. This was a horse-cloth with 'wliich-we had' intended to siddle thV ' cowt,' and thai, had re mained, during the supernatural agency under .which w« laboured, clutched uncon sciously and convulsively in our- grasp: Long, was it ere Davie D nald would see ufl.in.our ..Irue.ligh ?— nut. at length he drew on his Kilmarnock; night cap, and coming out. with a bonnet, let us through tbe trance, -and' out* of the open, doo-, thoroughly convinced, till We read Btwick, that. old Southfleld was not dead, although in. a very bad way indeed, Let this be a lesson to schoolboys not ' to neglect the science of natural history, and to study the character ? of the White Owl.— - Revela- tion of Christopher North.— Professor rrihon. - ?.,'....-? ? -..'?-, - 