A LEAF FROM TIHE DIARY OF A NEW CHUM. FRIDAY 25th December, 1857.--So this is a specimen of Clrisltmas Day at the antipodes, in bleak ungenial monstrosity, outvicing all thie bleak ungenial days that have come with in my orbit! Yesterday was a regular par boiler—96° in the shade, on the veracity of a nacv clhumn-and iu i all probability to-mnorrow will be about thie same; but to-day the cleric of the weallther is evidently troubled in Ili mind by reminiscences of his European expe rieences, and is doing his best at a compro mise. The result is a dead tailure I! Let me summon from tihe vasty deep the spirit of a Christmas Day departed--the im mediate predecessor of the present. * * * No snow ihas fallen, but it is unqueslionably a cold day, so cold, indeed, tlat tihe pace of pedestrians imperceptibly merges ilto sone thing very like a trot, as they endeavour to ensconce their be-buckslin'd hands in some impossible refuge. The sun occasionally shews his rubicund disk from behind high thin fleecy balnks of half-frdzen looking clouds, in emulation as it were of thei red noses of diners-out, wlhouse path he illuminies, but to whom lie declines to transmit the smnallest share of calorie. Thie villa, hiowever,is as warm as a toast. About a dozeis persons are assembled in tie drawin"-room, clhatting, laughing, glancing, over albums, inspecting likenesses, or other wise beguiling the half hour before dinner. All seem without a care, except P'aterfamilias, who from time to time glances at his watcht and mutters something about " Charley being late as usual;" and Mlaterfamilias, who makes divers expeditions to thie kitchen, where Ellen with a face glowing as face never glowed be. fore, is making superlhuman efforts to "L kee the dinner back a quarter of an hour," ant where the little boy, who carries message from "the oflice"(whlo, from hIis inexpressi ble repugnance to soap and water, ihas ac quired, among tlhe clerkis, the soubriquet o "the usher of the black hands"), is so over come by the thoughts of the pudding as to hi fit for nothing but getting into other people' way. ,attat-tat-tattat. A glance through the wvire blinds convinces the notv almost despond ing Gov'nor that Katty ail Charley have arrived at last. IHe runs tb open the door in propria persona (although inclined to corpu lency he can run on such a day as this), and claims a salute from the lady, in which landable performance he is followed by the tivo junior members of the family, maolre her objection that they are "getting too old." The hand shaking over, dinner is promptly announced. Everybody tlakes somebody else's arm, and the party are soon seated round the table, wlhich only refrains .from groaning out of compliment to the jovial na ture of the party. Somebody remarks thlat George, who is expected to do the funny bu siness wherever lie goes, is " rather slow to day;" but the reply of a witty gentleman present, that " il recule pour mieux sauter" turns out to the gratification of all to be cor rect: his spirits rising rapidly from the ap pearance of the animated Cheshire and the port-laden Stilton. Then come the toasts. Ye Gods and little fishesl How can I attempt to delineate all thie flights of impassioned oratory that tlhe auspicious day (assisted by the "old dry" port, which the Gove'nor only produces on these occasions) draws. forth! }ow tie grandiloquent G having acqutitted himself with the grace of a Brummel and thie elo quence of a I)eniehy, sits down amid rap turous applause, "with all hIis blushing ho nours thickl upon him;" how "the ladies" (bless their dear little hIearts!) meet with the most enthlusiastic response; and how "ab sent friends" ( I am one of tshem to-day I) acts as a sort of mild sedative, and in fact rather " turnsm on the main." With the aid of thle delicious olive, "'best ally of wine," we keep the "old ry" circulating pretty brisklly, until a sup ply of Chambertin is brought out to succeed It. AlasI that I should have left oldEnglannd for a country whore Chambertin is run down, and cold teapoureld down by buckletfuls; where Ginger Beer tand Bass's No. 3 are accepted as the listingslshingbadges of the Elcct asd the Iteprobatel) SBut the ladies are waiting for us, nad we accordingly adjourn to the drawving-room, there to enjoy ' a flow of soul" and of coffee. And now the room is cleared, and." the vo tuaries of Terpsichloreo" (to use the konguage of my friend the reporter) have two hotirs' apid succession of waltzes, polkas, and schot tisehes-Quudrilles being eschewed as oinu phatically slow. We are just beijuinng to pant on our exertions when the irresistible cry of" Sir Roger de Coverlecy" is raised, and at it we go, when, S"Hflush, harkl a deep sound strikes like a rising knell. Did ye not hear it?" By Jove! it's that rascal Tom who has got Katty under the mistletoel . By the bye hiow delighltfl it is to watch a lot of girls, how in nocently each in rotation comes withlin the vortex of the green-berried branch; and thouen when caught and paying the penalty, hwv she "She lays down her head like the meek mountain lamb," and suffers like a martyrl A Christmas log is now thrown into thd already roaring sea-coal fire, and having seated ourselves around, the Christmas song! is called for. lPaterfamilius and Ifaterfamilias, who would as soon think of playinig at leap frog as of singing at any other time, lead the way in real patriarchal style, and thus the song goes round; the pesialty of drinking a glass of salt and' water that is held over the huods of thim obstinate, alsway bringing them to a correct sense of thleir duty. But the 'merriest and the happiest days must Ihave an end; 'and as we are adlvancileg rapidly into the small hIours, the party breaks up, exchanging many a prolonged farewell,. and many a hope that thie next Christmas Day nmay pass as happily as this! So this is Christma~s Day at the aontipodes, blcak, damp, miserable, checrlegp within, cheerless without; whose " Chill, chlangeless brow," rather appears to me as the ghost of the dead and buried Christmas Dibys of former years than a real live one. Oh, Australial land of cold ten and stringy bark, land of the teo-totaller and the drunk ard, you have a happy medium, yet to learnli Learn to look upon Christmas Day as an annual ratification of"good will tmonL men !" Learn to cast to the.wid'a:Sfeu of youtr aus terities and a great many of your exces?es, and then we may look for more right BIritish Christmas fooling at this holy Christmas time 