THE MERCURY SATURDAY, NOV. 20m, 1858. A PAMPHLET has just been issued from the press entitled " A Mirror of Religion and Society in Tasmania," written by a person styling himself " the Rev, JOHN ROBERTS, a clergyman of the Church of England." This production bears the names of WALCH and SONS as pub lishers. We are requested to state,how ever, that this is an unwarrantable liberty, the permission obtained from them,on the assurance that the work con- tained no personalities and that it would prove conducive to the best interests of the Colony, having been withdrawn so soon as the chaiacter of the writer be- came known and before the work was published. On reading this pamphlet it would be impossible to say whether as- tonishment at this man's insane false- hoods, or indignation at his base and heartless ingratitude, predominated in our mind. A more unprincipled tissue of abominable lies than is crowded into this malignant production we never met with. Coming from a man who openly states in his infamous work that he had been " called to the work of the Minis- try by Christ Himself, and qualified by I the Holy Ghost" we are amazed. He tells us " that he has received a commis- sion from God to preach the Gospel and that neither bishops nor presbyteries can stop bim." It is such false- hearted and impious liars as this JOHN ROBERTS who bring odium and disgrace upon re- ligion. By his own confession he stands convicted of the basest ingratitude. The confidence of those who have assisted him he has basely and unblushingly be- trayed. Wherever he has intruded him- self dissensions and heart-burnings have followed on his trail. The happiness of the domestic hearth has fled before his unhallowed approach; and he is now about to sneak from the Colony hated and despised by every honest man and woman in the community. If any proof were wanting to show the real character of his cowardly attack upon several of our most respectable and highly esteemed citizens, as well as upon the ladies whose names have been dragged before the world and whose fair fame has been as- persed by this " Minister of Christ qualified by the Holy Ghost," we have it in the creditable fact that no book- seller in Hobart Town can be found to dispose of his infamous, slanderous, malignant, and blasphemous production. He is compelled to vend his poisons from the door of his own lodgings ! Lest it should be said that we are employing language which we are not ' justified in employing we append a few extracts : "PONTVILLE.-I was much struck with the large number of persons lying in the Churchyard ; who had come to an untimely end-some mur dered, some killed by accident, some found dead, some drowned, some died drunk, &c.;, &c.; Among his (the Rev. Mr. Burrowes, his " old | friend- who is infirm, and seen much severe affliction,") troubles the encroachments of the Independents . . were not the least. From this venerable clergyman Mr. ROBERTS obtained the letter of intro- duction which enabled him to establish himself for a time at Sandy Bay ! " HOBART TOWN.-During these seven weeks I have been making myself acquainted with the social and religions condition of the people in this City. * * * As far as the out- ward observance of the Sabbath goes, I have found Hobart Town fully equal with the most orderly towns in the neighbouring Colonies but, penetrating the homes of the lower classes others are not equally accessible - there is soon discoverable an awful amount of immorality. The lauguage of the streets is often fearful and discloses much matter for painful thought. The passion for slander is remarkably strong." What think you of this, Natives of Tasmania? Hear what this "Minister of Christ" says of the Wesleyans ; "Wesleyanism has certainly taken deep root in these Colonies ***** The ministers are moral and active ; but, some of the members are very untruthful and dishonest, with all their prayers, singing, and experience." On visiting the Rev. Mr. BALL, whose "evident hospitality gratified him," he retails a conversation between that clergyman and his " old and infirm friend" the Rev. Mr. BURROWES. They were speaking of some of the main doc- trines of the Church of Rome. " He (Mr. BALL) asserts prayers for the dead to be a reasonable thing: that the Church of England teaches Baptismal Regeneration in her Liturgy, along with Trausubstantiation and even purgatory. He longs for an union between the Churches of England and Rome, and sees no difficulty in the way so far as doctrines are con- cerned. BURROWES said :- Well, BALL ! I do not know how you feel, but I know that I and many of my brother clergy feel that we could not afford to part with our wives to get admission into the Church of Rome " The object of this act of treachery and base ingratitude is transparent. On the introduction of his " old and infirm friend" the Rev. Mr. BURROWES, Mr ROBERTS next gains a footing amongst the unsuspecting inhabitants of Sandy Bay, and here the diabolical malignity of his nature appeared in full blossom. It is only necessary to state that he was warmly welcomed, and that the Sandy Bay Local Evangelical Mission- ary Society was formed, of which Mr. ROBERTS was appointed Chaplain, D. MACPHERSON, Esq, M.H.A. Chairman, Mr. F. LIPSCOMBE Treasurer, and Captain FRIEND Secretary. In less than four months Mr. ROBERTS'S true character became known ; he was con- victed of slander of the worst de- scription on his own hand writing, and at a meeting called for the purpose, to which he was invited but would not attend, this " Minister of Christ qualified by the Holy Ghost" was ignominiously expelled from his office. These few words will sufficiently explain the animus which produced the following grossly calumniatory statements with reference to parties resident at Sandy Bay: " I became acquainted with an Institution which Mr. and Mrs. Friend the Managers of it represent...as having for its object the further- ance of Missions to the Jews and to the Heathen, which would startle the friends of Missions in England. A number of girls and young women arc collected together at the house of a lady named Friend for the purpose of providing materials for a Bazaar. They meet about 2 p.m., and work till about 5 ; when (after singing, prayer, and the benediction) tea is served, the names of those present re- corded, and the young girls are sent home. The elder remain for music and dancing till a somewhat late hour-11 p.m. A little later when I ventured to remonstrate against these equivocal practices I received a notice in the following terms :-' If you say one word against our dancing and our little at homes, we, the ladies, shall soon send you about your business-we shall make the place too hot for you, we shall not collect any money towards your salary, we shall not go to hear you preach.' And yet these persons are reputed to belong to the most evangelical congregation of this city! The so- called Evangelicals are the most ungodly in Tasmania : they are gay, hypocritical, and ignorant." " The people (of Sandy Bay) are too few, too poor, and too talkative, (to support a clergyman). Not more than about £20 a year could be pro- mised as a certain salary for a Minister." And yet this man himself received about £40 for the period-between 3 and 4 months-he was engaged amongst them ! " Soon after this I removed to miserable lodg- ings at Sandy Bay (Mr.Roberts omits to mention that he lived as a visitor for nearly a month at the residence of Mr. Friend) and began my work in good earnest. But my discouragements were neither few nor far between. The people pro- fessing religion were unprepared for any due application of its precepts to themselves." "Almost everywhere I witnessed habits and tastes which are altogether inconsistent with spiritual-mindedness, if not with a modicum of truly religious sentiment." Then follows a most disgraceful attack upon two highly respectable ladies. After which this anguis in herba complains of the working of the voluntary principle. He says : " The people, such as Lipscombe, Espie, Davis, Friend, Large, &c;, do not give upon prin- ciple, nor do they understand such gifts. Those who subscribe will feel at liberty to give more than their money is worth in good advice, pro- perly called insult and abuse." " The Trustees, James Moody, David Dunk- ley, Frederick Lipscombe, who are old hands in the Colony (one of them, Alderman Lipscombe, is an old publican) do not feel their want of the Christian religion nor of any other religion." Alluding to a tea meeting held in May, for the benefit of the Local Mis- sion, this "Minister of Christ-quali- fied by the Holy Ghost," says " Several gentlemen kindly addressed the meeting in support of the objects of our new As- sociation. Some of these lay speakers, such as Captain Friend, Lipscombe, &c.;, give nothing but their beautiful speeches, which are but very little worth towards the support of the Society." A little further on the following pas- sage occurs : - " It is a feature of this place that, although my preaching was only that which I believed to be suited to the condition of the people, many of them think, or profess to think, my preaching to have been personal and offensively intended." * . . "I am not sure that there are not some unsuspected Jesuits sowing dissension in the neighbourhood. Some of the people-I will not name them-at least show some symptoms which induce me to think there may be." . . » » » * » There are some people at Sandy Bay, particularly about Elling- ton (the residence of Capt. Friend, at which place Mr. Roberts was a guest about a month) who neglect their own affairs and meddle with other men's matters, and are busy bodies. They go about collecting money as they say ' towards the conversion of the Jews and the Blacks,' they work for Missionary bazaars, and hold bazaars, and neglect the cultivation of their own souls and those of their children-who go about immoral, rude, barefooted, dirty, ragged, and ignorant, on Sundays as well as on week days, worse than the Pagans for whom they pretend to collect money." ..." They are more ungodly than those to whom they send, or profess to send, Missionaries with the proceeds of the bazaars." Here is a sketch of a other of those who had been instrumental in locating this " Minister of Christ-qualified by the Holy Ghost," in the, district of Sandy Bay . "As he (Mr. Davis) is one of the 'praying men' of the Wesleyans, I did not suspect him of treachery; but the possession of a Wesleyan ' Class Ticket' is no guarantee of 'respectability, honesty, and truthfulness, any more than the possession of a ' ticket of leave' is a proof of holiness. There is as much faith to be put in one ' ticket' as in the other. .... A good Wesleyan is an Israelite indeed in whom there is no guile. But where is he to be found ? Here and there, not in the heart, nor in the house of Davis of Saudy Bay." " The ungrateful Sandy Bay people are not worthy of such a Schoolmaster as Mr. Salier ; let us hope that he will be able to teach their children to depart from the evil ways of their parents, and to keep their hands from picking and stealing, and their tongues from evil speaking, cursing, and swearing." These are but a few specimens of the slander and venom lavished upon the residents of Sandy Bay by this "Minis- ter of Christ-qualified by the Holy Ghost." They warmed a serpent in their bosom and it has stung them. This man acknowledges that " he had a personal motive [no doubt the gratifi- cation of his malignant nature] in print- ing a record of his history in this Colony." He has done so and it has damned him. The canting hypocrisy, the glaring falsehoods, the sickening egotism, and the bare ingratitude which, accord- ing to his own shewing, have stamped his history in Tasmania may prove use- ful as a warning to us as a people. We are by far too prone to receive every pretender with open arms. We almost invite unprincipled scoundrels to come and deceive us ; and so long as we do this, there will always be a HORACE BENNETT and a REVEREND ROBERTS to accept the invitation. This man, ROBERTS, states that he is on the eve of quitting the Colony and we de- sire to be thankful for it. Sydney is to be honored next ; and we would warn our neighbours of the advent of this wholesale slanderer amongst them. The people of this city will have cause to re- member him. In addition to the work now before us he promises to publish another, on which the following matters are to be noticed : -" Scenes and speeches in Parliament, the Law Courts, the Government Offices, the City Corporation the Tasmanian Magistrates, the Hobart Town Aldermen (Lipscombe &c;), the religious meetings at Sandy Bay, Lip- scombe's apology for violence, the his- tory and manners of some of the Tas- manian Aldermen, the state of lodging houses, the bushrangers, murderers, thieves, and robbers, captured in 1858, the debates on the State Aid question, the convicts, the deaths and funerals of prisoners, the public houses, the immo- rality of all classes, the schoolmasters and schoolmistresses, the religious de- nominations, the fighting magistrates, the coarse members of Parliament, the moral and immoral clergy, the offsprings of the old convicts, and of the Norfolk Islanders, the state of the pr¡sons, and other matters." - These are the subjects, Tasmanians, which are to form the theme of another work by this "Minister of Christ qualified by the Holy Ghost." Is this the way in which he proposes to teach "peace on earth and good-will towards men ?" Are these the topics best adapted to "promote the Gospel ?" This impudent pretender, who has the auda- city to couple his name with those ,of Whitfield, Wesley, Owen, and other eminent divines, thus concludes his tissue of abominable lies :-" The Aus- tralians often make assertions without proof. They assert that a Clergyman is a bad man, but they seldom prove that he is so." We, at all events, may safely claim an exception to this rule. We have proved it ; and so strong is the feeling of indignation now running, that we would advise Mr. ROBERTS to take himself to Sydney as quickly as possible, lest the wrath of the people overtake him. 