MELBOURNE NEWS. (From Tuesdays Fapers.) The Ilerald says:—It is rumoured that the •Attorney-General intends withdrawing his almost universally condemned Education Bill; and this certainly Would be the best courso to adopt, as any further time spent upon it this session is so much absolutely lost; for the. bill lias hot the ghost, of a charicb of passing both Houses of Parliament. Ruihors of ministerial changes have been quite current during the last few days, and we have heard the name? of three or four gentleuiep tp whom wo were assured the Commissionersliip of Customa has been ejiven. We have not the slightest doubt that all such goesip is premature. Despite the hardness of tlic times, the jockey Gliib races, which commence to- day, promise to be even more successful than ordinary ; the entries being very large, and the amonut of public money to be run for very considerable. The stakes in the match between Camel and Walkover were made good during yesterday, so that these redoiibtable. steeplechasers will have their respective merits over the flat tested,' and pre cisely at rio'oh Mr. Rawdon Greene declared Tricolor not to start for tho Leger, in consequence of her having broken down in training^ Hia Excellency has stated his intention of being prb sent, and it is to be lioped that his example' will have the effect of inducing as large an attendance on the banks of the fair sea of the Saltwater river as are to be found at archery .meetings and cricket matches. A most daring arid at present successful fraud has been committed on a Sydney bank by a Por tuguese ■ named De Miranda.- De Miranda presented some forged letters of credit, purporting to have been issued by Baring Brothers; of London,.in his favor at the Sydney Joint Stock Bank. The credits were to the extent of £20,000, which the bank honored to the full amount. The money was subsequently paid through a third party—a mercantile house, we are told—»into the Oriental Bank, to the credit of De Mirandaj.who obtained from the Sydney establishment ii credit on the Melbourne branch for the sum. De Miranda came to Melbourne a few days ago, and, having drawn his money from tho Oriental Bank in this city, decamped, and has not since been heard of. It is believed that his destination will be England, and Inspector Jloid of the Sydney detective force, has orders to proceed home by the Simla, should it appear that the culprit has " made tracks" in that direction. 