THE ADELAIDE RACES. These races commenced yesterday, and attracted a large concourse of persons. It was estimated there were fully four thousand present, but there were cer tainly not so many ladies present as usually attend. To-day, however, being the grand day, they may make up for their non-appearance yesterday. The weather was most propitious, but the continued droughts had rendered the course if anything a little too hard, divesting it of the "springiness" which not only acts as a relief to the horse, but tends to increase his speed. The appearance of the horses was most creditable to the colony, clearly indicating that no expense had been spared in the importation of pure blood, nor care in its application. Great credit is due to the stewards for their judicious arrangements to secure the comfort of visitors; and we are also happy in being able to compliment the proprietors of the various booths upon the good order which was preserved throughout the day. Messrs Aldridge and Bayston, the caterers for the Grand Stand, were scarcely patronised to the extent which the ample provision they had made merited ; only sixty-four sat down to dinner, and at no period of the day were there more than a hundred persons upon the Grand Stand, The sports were excellent, and passed off without any accident. There was not even " a spill" that we observed. A good deal of dis satisfaction was expressed at a supposed false start in the Hack Race, and there ean be no doubt that a mis understanding upon this point lost Bother'em the race, as his rider understood Mr Chambers, who started the horses, to call "Back," and in consequence held his horse in. It was not until the other horses had gone a distance of a quarter of a mile that Bother'em's rider was apprised it was no false start, and as a proof of the powers of the horse we may mention that, notwith standing the disadvantages under which he laboured, he was not more than fifteeen or twenty^ yards behind the winner at the close of the race. ADELAIDE ST. LEGEH STAKES. The first race was the Adelaide St. Leger Stakes, of ! 10 sovs. each, 2 forfeit, with 106 sovs. added by the Jockey Club.—For three-year-old colts, 9 st.; fillies and geldings, 8 st. 101b. One mile and a half; 21 subscribers. The winner to pay £10 to the fund. Twenty-six paid forfeit. The horses which started were •— Mr Telford's br. h. Amelius, by Old English Gentle man. Mr John Baker's b.h. Lucifer, by Lucifer. Mr Isaac Hall's b. m. Sally, by Lucifer. Mr James Anderson's ch. h. Rufus, by Coronet. Mr William Filgate's ch. h. The King of Morialta, by Clifton. There. was not much interest taken in this race, and there was very little betting upon it, as it appeared to be an understood thing that it was to be won by the King of Morialta. Sally led off closely followed by King of Morialta and Lucifer. The three ran well together, Sally slightiy leading till within about a quarter of a mile of the Grand Stand, when Morialta passed ber and won by about a neck. Amelius was nearly distanced. THE TOWNT PLATE. The second race was for the Town Plate—For horsei of every,' denomination ; a sweepstakes of 6 guineas each,J with — added. Heats, two mile3; the winner to pay 6 guineas to the fund. Two years old to carry 7 st.; 3 years, 7 st 10 lbs.; 4 years, 9 st.; 6 years, 9 st. 12 lb.; 6 years and aged, 10 st. 7 lbs. Mares and geld ings allowed 3 lbs. This was the race of the day, we may almost say of | " ths meet," and created a good deal of exeitement. The horses entered were :— Mr P. B. Coglin's b.m. Little Nell, 3 yrs. Mr John Baker's b.g. Jupiter, aged. Mr W. H. Forinby's bk.m. Black-Eyed Susan, 5 yrs. ^Mr Robert Low's b.g. Bendigo, aged. Blaek-Eyed Susan was however " scratched " aftar having been entered on the board. It was clear that the contest would ba between Jupiter and Bendigo. Little Nell had not the ghost of a chance. Bendigo was ridden by Mr Low, the owner. Jupiter by Mr. Simpson, and Little Nell by Mr Harvey. The First Heat.—The start was a good one. Ben digo got the lead but was closely followed by Jupiter. For the first three-quarters of a mile Bendigo kept the lead by about a length, but Jupiter gained upon him at the hill, and at the commencement of the straight run ning was about half a length ahead. Both jockeys commenced punishing terrifically, and when within a few yards of the winning-post Bendigo shot ahead and came in a winner by about a length. Little Nell was nowhere. Time 3 minutes 55 seconds. At the start Jupiter was slightly the favourite, but after the first heat two and three to one were freely offered on Bendigo. Second Heat.—Jupiter took the lead, followed by Little Nell close on his quarters. Bendigo was held in at the start. Jupiter maintained the lead by about eight lengths till near the hill, when Bendigo came within about three lengths of him. Simpson, Jupiter's rider, was evidently waiting for Bendigo to make all the play he could up the hill At the straight running Bendigo was close, but Simson, by pushing the old horse, brought Jupiter in a winuer by about a length and a half. Time 3 minutes 56 seconds. The result of this heat very much affected the betting. Bendigo had previously been the favourite: but now Jupiter was "all the go," and any odds could readily have been obtained upon him. The Third Heat.—The pace in this heat was very fast. We did not time it, but should say the distance was done in several seconds shorter time than the previous heat. Little Nell did not start, but Jupiter and Bendigo went off at racing speed. Jupiter slightly led in passing the Grand Stand, but it the mile and a-half post Bendigo drew up to him, and at the foot of the hill was close on his haunches. After passing the hill, and coming round towards the straight run ning, Bendigo made good play, but not good enough for Jupiter, who appeared to feel that he must put his best leg foremost or it would be all up with him, and came in a winner by about half a length. A HACK KACB terminated the sports for the day. The horses entered were— Mr Welch's Michie Free Mr McDonald's Cobbler Mr Crabbe's Bother'em Mr Lines's Fox Mr Tunstall's Fennell Mr Jones's Bristol Mr Harvey's Patsey Mr Simms'a Polly. The first heat was won by Bristol, Bother'em running a good second, Fennell third, Patsey fourth, the rest nowhere. The second heat was again won by Bristol, Fennell running a good second. It wa3 in reference to this heat that the unpleasantness to which we have pre viously alluded occurred, Bother'em's rider thinking it was a false start, holding in till his competitors had got nearly a quarter of a mile ahead of him. But for this, it is believed he would have won the race. 