À FIRST ACQUAINTANCE WITH HYDROPATHY. \- (From European Acquaintance. Hy J. W. DE FOREST.) Early in the morning (at the Hydropathic 'Establishment, in Graefenberg,) "Priessnitz came into our. room, followed by Franz, the bathman, and by Irwine, who lent himself as interpretor. I saw before me a medium-sized person; with weather-beateh features ; a com- plexion which would have been fair but for deep sun-burn ; eyes pf blue,, inclining to gray ; thin, light- brown hair, touched in with, silver, and an expression reserved^ composed, grave, and earnest; He. sometimes smiled very plea- santly, but ho spoke little, and wore, in general,' an air of quiet, simple ¡dignity.; . Altogether, I felt; as". if_ .l were .in the; presence pf a kindly tempored man, of superior mind, accustomed to command, ;arid habitually confident; in his5 own powers. I afteward observed that he kept tho ; same impassive self- possession- in the presence'of every one, 'were it even the highes) noble of the Austrian empire.; He listened to a brief history of my malady; seeming very indifferent to its past symptoms, but examining attentively the colour bf my skin]' and the development of my muscles.1 He thon ordérëd the wot sheet to bo"spread, and signed mo to stretch myself ' in it. As soon'as -I had , measured my length on the dripping linen, Franz folded- mo up rapidly, and then packed mo thickly in blankets and coverlets, as if I were a batch of . dough "set away to rise. Neuville followed -, my. damn example, and our teeth . were , * soon ., o chattering in chilly sympathy.\\- Having noted tho intensity of our ague, as if it'.were a means of judging what degreebf vigour in the treatment we could bear,-Priessnitz marched-off-to survoy tho agonies pf Irwine and Burroughs. Neuvillo and I remained as fixed, and' nearly-as moist as King Log in the pond, but in a state of an- guish far beyond the capacities of that: solid <? potentate. .We were so cold that we could not " speak plainly, and shivered until our bedsteads caught tho infection. Thena change carno a. graduated, ' almost unconscious change to . warmth;, and, at the end of ten minutes, it was hard to say whether we were uncomfortable or' ' not. A few minutes more brought a sensation of absolute physical pleasure, and I began to think; that, after all, water was my element,' and that it was quite a mistake that I was not, furnished with tasty red fins like a porch, or a convenient long tail, for sculling,- like a polli- ' wog. Just at this pleasant stage pf the experi- ment, when I would'have been'glad to continue^ it longer, Priessnitz came back, and declared us [ready for the plunge-bath. - Franz turned up the blanket so as to leave my feet and ankles free, shod me with a pair of straw slip- pers, set me unsteadily upright, like a stagger- ing nine-pin, took firm hold of my envelopment behind, and started mo on my pilgrimage. I set off at the rate of a furlong an hour which was ; tho top of my possible speed under the cir- cumstances, Forming a little procession, with ' Priessnitz ahead as the officiating priest, then - myself as the walking corpse, and- then' Franz as sexton, we moved solemnly on until ,we - reached a stairway leading into a most gloomy, and low-spirited cellar. Dank, rude/dirty flag- stones were visible at the bottom, while from an unseen corner bubbled the threatening ; voico of a runlet of water. Thé stair was so steep and - the steps so narrow that it seemed impossible to descend without pitching for- ward ; but, confiding myself desperately to the attraction of gravitation, I cautiously raised my left foot, made a pivot of the right one, wheeled half a diameter, settled carefully down six inches, wheeled back again to a'front face, brought my doxtral foot down, and found my- self on the first step. Ten repetitions of this delicate and complicated manouvre carried mo to the flooring 'of the cellar. Franz now en- gineered mo into a side room,.and ' halted mo alongside of on oblong cistern,- brimming with black wateri supplied by a brooklet, which fell into it with a perpetual. chilly gurgle. -Iha moment his practised fingers had peeled mo like an orango, only far quicker than any orango was ever yot stripped of its envelope.' Asl shuffled,off'the last tag ofthat humid coil, tho steam curled up from my body as from "an ac- : ceptablo sacrifico, or an ear »of hot-boiled > corn. Priessnitz pointed to the cistern, like .an arigolof destiny signing to my torab.and ; I. bolted into it in a hurry, ris wiso people always bolt out of the frying-pan into the- fire» when'there is rio help for it. In a minute my1, whole surface was so perfectly iced that it felt hard, smooth, and glossy, like a skin of marble. I got out on tlie first symptom -of permission, when. Franz set about rubbing me down with & new linen sheet; still possessed of all its native " asperity. If I had- boen a mammoth, or an . ichthyosaurus, with a cutiólo à . foot thick, ho ' could ho t have put more emphasis into his efforts to bring.my blood back to a vigorous ; circulation. Priessniiz joined as if he enjoyed . tho exorcise, and honoured me with a searching 1 attrition from his knowing fingers.. Then, after oxamining me to seo if J grow healthfully rosy . under the oxcitemont^ho signed me to throw a dry sheet over ray shouldors, and givo mvseu an air-bath before a .window into which a *iea°! morning breozo was pouring. Holding tigW Vfith both hands to'tho corners of the shoot, flapped , my linen . wings as if I wore ßonw gigantic bat or' butterfly about to toko flight through the-orifioo, and soar away<>Te*,~°' meadows. " Goot," said Priessnitz, nodding his solemn head-in token of ampio satisfaction;.. and, folding my drapery around me, I marche» ¡tip stairs, like.ft arjatuo looking for a pedestal, or a belfttod1 ghost ' returning to^ Us ohuronv jjard, ';'," ; \ ° ;',, '- ' «/.';,';;.:'n 