nJL nett, PM* Bpfirani »pMHi^m; wm>t J^Ses», cow, ^tm&#* {he first raid since the d*y m Wh**, ^ and his family, and Adr. (BSíeñai^ Vg-eical retinue, came out of itearfc JArcd,? Trmnst be off Confound thee Cobb; Was ? amer a Mede ana thy mother a Persian, Äveafcts are thus mudtóabler "theres tictel^-batefnl sight under such' StÄ influences^*'* öoo* ^ tr»> , * Splash, splash, splash - outside--ia-^ ?I erinnmg horribly în its malignancy, the ' ?ZZi for mis trip only." Drip, drip, drip : TQOOÍ for this trip only." Pelt, pelt, pelt ~\in- gough, sough,, sough, whiz goes the'j s%Tóf wind,and heavier fells theism^-j ^fL¿ for this trip only." Is there no Tpe? None, save rorfefture. That I j afford, and so I must pack up and be 1 "v^rithout more ado. So now farewell to! omnipotent JOS," and the people-! deceiving "People's Government," of whom thoa art the head. Ye who have kept your ««mises neither to the earnor the heart as I y¿i wish-ye whom the patient people of | $¿i country have believed in as their saviours j J cheap land distributors--with what r&¿tsl hitherto, let Convention Orators and Ag people generally declare. Farewell, oh ve orators of the useM-in-its- way Conven tion. By your ancient fealty Jbo the "JOS," and by all your lately cherished hopes, ieaiper your indignant eloquence with re membrances of the possible effects of office on yourselves if ever, in the turning of the «-heel of political fortune, yon should have a chance of £2,000 a year, and of comfortably ignoring the "people" who pay it to you quarterly. Farewell, ye hungry and thirsty hunters after " good appointments," who, in boarding houses, hotels, and houses of friends orban and suburban, throng the city and its ' suburbs, and affect a reverence for the great > JOS" and his staff of generals, and haunt! incessantly every official of > interest present j or prospective. Farewell, all ye orthodox hosts, Roman and Protestant, and all ye j guides, political and social, who, in party strife battling for your several " isms" archi tectural or other aggrandisements and signs of establishment, give to the people a stone instead of " the bread of life," and social and ! political amelioration. Farewell »thee, old Argui, who dost hash up such funny dishes 1 for thy innocent readers, in the shape of thy occasional " mining intelli gence." Farewell to thee, Fairfax, ' ia whose " Bradshaw " alone can such fossiliferous or else prophetic news as the following be found:-''Ballarat Court of Mines--J. W. Rogers, Judge of the Court; Messrs Yates, Gillies, Frazer, O'Connor, iiiners, Serjeant, Weeks, Coleman, and Williams j Mr Green, secretary."-(Vid* " Bradshaw" for November.) And then thy '. Guide" to the " newspaper agents" is so blind a guide, oh Fairfax, that even under the aegis of the " hundred eyes," thou art utterly and ludicrously partial and unreliable. Nay, hath not thine own " Edward the Black Prince" condemned thee also. Yes, verily he hath; and were I a greater or more innocent traveller than I am, i would, for that, vote for his apotheosis. Farewell, ye oracular and mammon hating theatrical critics, who never forget your favorites' foibles, nor rail to honestly laud the merits of those who dare to believe in your honesty. Farewell ye tradespeople of " alarm ing sacrifices," who " sell" your goods and customers together with such happy assump tion of an air of " fifty per cent under prime cost." Farewell to thee, thou bibliopolic Sphinx, who now, as years agone, art daily to be found in the Mechanics' reading room near the fire, pen-knife in hand, and dili gently perusing and paring thy nails with grimaces droll and (to me) well remembered. Farewell to thee Tankard of the teetotallers, and compromising ginger wine, and indiffer ent cigars. Farewell to thee, oh J ulla, who ever didst bear with imperturbable amiability the jokes and chaff of the guests whom thou servedst with attention and despatch. Fare well ye droll table companions, who ever had some dry bit of humor with which to temper the juicy joints, and enigmatical fishes which on Fridays our host considerately provided for bis guests. Ye sights, and sounds, and wonders all of this marvellous Melbourne, farewell. I go at the behest of inexorable Cobb.-See him, dripping, boisterous, com fortless, (drifting on and on, ever shrieking out over all the rain-splash, and wind howl-" good for this trip only."-I am ~ - wheugh -- w-h-e-u-g-h " Blessed is the corpse that the rain rains on." Let me read corpus for corpse and imagine myself" blessed;" for verily I have need of some such consolation as I rush to j the " Sandridge 8.45 M. & H.B.R." under a pitiless storm of rain. We rush across the Yarra and seem to be going through an in- , land sea, for it is water everywhere. Now we are at Sandridge, and have the sea in earnest. Still it rains, and the very ships look wet through as they roll about, and their dripping sails nap, and dragandscreech, as if making malignant fun of us land- lub bers as we straggle down the pier, dripping miserably from head to heeL Here along side the piers, discharging cargo, or riding at anchor farther out, lie the Red Jacket, White Star, Champion of the Seas, Swiftsure, and other noble barques whose familiar names remind oue of the old far away home, and all the pains, penalties, and pleasures of "thc voyage out" with its host of antecedents and consequences. Into the "Comet" we huddle, body and baggage, and steam away for Williamstown, the canvas awning on the (by courtesy) poop being siatiw by the time our voyage and the rain ire over. Yonder is the patent slip, and on its slippery slope a very slippery half-seas over looking barque lies sidelong desolate and dripping with its nether extremities ex posed to the action of the caulker and scraper and painter and what other renova tors I know not. Now we are ashore again and soon into the train for Geelong, leaving the liircte and still extending town of Wil liamstown, and its lighthouse, and its bat tery , and its unromantic graveyard, and its omnipresent blues tones behind; while the weather puts on a more amiable aspect and half promises to smile upon us by and bye. "be country between Williamstown and Gee .ong, in so far as levels are concerned, is admirably adapted for railway making, but i* horribly dull and unpicturesque during the first half of the journey. Soon after getting clear of Williamstown, the train halts, and hacks and wriggles itself round a fearfully «barp curve on to the Geelong direct line; Mi after that the line runs in sharp curves or long reaches, straight as an arrow to . jeelong. ha the carriage with me were some half dozen men, one of whom claimed to be MI old colonist and familiar with the patriarch fawkner. He had only recently seen Johnny Fawkner," who told him he had «»me down from Sydney to Port Phillip, w¡th only 4d and his bedding. I hope Mr Vites and Queries," or Mr "Facts and hjnires." - which may be as aptly culed 'Facts and Fictions," perhaps take a note of this old chum's ?^elations about the conscript father's four pence and bedclothes. " Johnny" has got a ul "swag" now» and how he got it let all rf ehujns of the pre-Port Phillip Gazette era °e our oracles of information. I don't grudge ri? u acres' and bank sharesi and Fascoe jf'e shrubberies, and no-Popery antipathies; ~? " he"s a jolly good fellow," and deserves u he has and a statue m to the bargain; 1 *"jcu latter everybody will subscribe for, * ir» JUS ' and Father Bleasdale, provided the th^u116 hero agrees to give up j* ghost upon payment of the sub-, ^nption, and so allows the statue business | oe a purely and rapidly posthumous affair, koo ilüí oracle is affluent in local anri fi a*e'an<* courteous in communication, ¡atar hhes me with item "P011 item of onr. nce aneat persons and places along " wute. The weather, and the dulL flat,, tqT^resting country after leaving Williams- ; wn were enough to atone, in the eyes of .? o / oigmterested person, for such breaches Da**!ray Anette as sundry third class ¿¡^«ew committed in the shape of pipes 