CONSECRATION OF THE CATHOLIC BURIAL-GROUND AT INCE, NEAR WIGAN. On Monday morning, May 3, the Right Rev erend the Lord Bishop of Liverpool consecrated that portion of the newly-opened Cemetery for the township of Ince which has been set apart for the interment of deceased members o'f the Catho lic community. The Lord Bishop was attended by the following clergymen : — Canon Greenhalgh, Rev. H. M'Cormick, Rev. T. Seed, llev. W. Corlett, O.S.B., Canon Walker, Rev. T. Adam son, Rev. T. Selby, and Rev.' W. Mitchell. There was a large attendance of spectators, a great proportion of ?whom were from 'Wigan. Several crosses were erected at the extremities of the ground, and a much larger one in the centre. The Bishop and Clergy having robed in the cemetery lodge, a procession was formed to the central cross, where the deed was produced and read securing the ground therein defined for the purpose of a Catholic burial-ground, and setting it apart from all common and profane uses what ever, and to be exclusively for the interment of the dead according to the rites and ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church, for ever. The Bishop then proceeded to the place allotted to him on the greensward in front of the edifice, and addressed the audience upon the nature of the ceremony which was about to be performed. He referred ' particularly to the ancient custom of burying the dead outside the walls of cities, in order that the health of the living might not be endangered, and that the feelings of' relatives might not be wounded by having to carry the corpse with its face exposed through crowded thoroughfares — fur the cus tom of burying in coffins was comparatively a recent introduction. The sight of tbe dead, bow ever, reminded the living that they too must die, and that, therefore, they ought 'to order their life accordingly. He spoke of the various ways of disposing of the dead amongst ancient and modern peoples, and contrasted tbe custom of Jews and Christians, who buried their dead, with that of the Pagans, who burned them on tbe funeral pile ; for it was a well-known fact recorded in history, that Jews and Christians always buried their dead, because they knew that tiid bodies of men had been originally formed from the dust, and therefore they placed them in the dust when the soul departed from the body, that the dust might remain till the day of resurrection. In process of time Christianity was introduced on the ruins of Paganism ; but so fierce was tho persecution of the new religion by the establish ment and dominant Church of Paganism, that the Christians of those early times were compelled to bury their dead in caves hewn out under the cities where they lived ; and this gave rise to the catacombs, so well known in Italy, but particu larly in tbe negihbourhood of the city of Home. He' (the Bishop) had travelled many miles beneath the subterranean city of Rome, by the light of a candle, in the midst of these catacombs, and could bear testimony to their beingappropriated not only to the assembly of the living, out also the burial of tbe dead. When the Emperors of Rome became Christians, they observed the same laws which their predecessors hud enacted, burying the dead outside the precincts of their cities ;'but in process of time the early Christians were anxious for their ashes to repose alongside the -remains of martyrs, and therefore many of them were buried within the cities, upon the spot where a church bad been reared, and consecrated to the memory of a martyr who had died for the Faith upon the immediate site of its erection. Most of the churches at Rome bud been built exactly upon the place where the Saint whose name they bear had been martyred^ At the present day, however, it had become a matter of necessity, for the pre servation of the public health, to revert to the ancient order of things, and again to bury the dead outside the town ; because it had been proved, when the Government made an inquiry into the subject, that on some occasions the remains of bodies had to be dug up before they were entirely decayed, to make room for the interment of others; in consequence of the confined space of burial grounds in the 'immediate neighbourhood of churches. We are now, therefore, merely re turning to the primitive custom of burying the dead outside of the town ; and, indeed, it was well that it should be so, that cemeteries should be established within the sound of the railway whistle, and close to the highway, 80 that men in the busy haunts of life should be reminded of their own mortality, and learn that while they in habited the city of the living they wore con tinually passing nnd repassing the city of the dead. The tombstones rising in the cemetery tended to remind them that they should so order their deeds done in the flesh, that they might be able to stand at tbe latter day in judgment before tbe Creator of the universe. It had been a wise consideration of our government that the feelings of various denominations of Christians should not be injnred by being com pelled to place the remains of their friends amongst others wbo had in their lifetime belonged to a dif ferent creed ; and be thanked tbe Burial Board .for tbe regulation which they bad made, so that tbe feelings of Cutbolics as well as Protestants bad been considered in tbe arrangements made for all to receive the funeral service in accordance with their separate modes of wborship. Would to God all were alike as they were three hundred years ago, and that all religious differences were at an end, by the return of our fellow-countrymen . to the Faith of their ancestors j so that having lived, and toiled, and worshipped together, all may repose, after their night of toil was over, in one' common burial place. Yet, though unhappily differing in religion, we had tho same aims and interests. in civil and social life. We were all born on the same soil— wo all acknowledged tbe same government — wo all fought side by side in the same battles — and wo ought nvtallow religious dif ferences to place distinctions among us in our so cial relations or our common friendships. There was no battle-field where Catholic u well ns Pro testant blood Imd not been equally mingled. As we hod a community of interest it wasrighteven handed justice should be dealt out to all, anil therefore he thanked the Burial Board for tho way in which they hud removed all causa of complaint, by parcelling out the ground in fair proportions to each denomination .of the community. Every Englishman showed respect to tho great public characters wbo had died amongst us — we all re member the high distinction which had been paid to the late Duke of Wellington— and surely we ' must also hnve some kindred feeling for our own bodies, the home of our souls, in which we lived, and our separation from which is death. If we had no other motive, than that of showing nffec tion for our former partner, tho body, we ought to rejoice that a spot had been set aside for its inter ment, where it might repose in consecrated soil, over which the prayers of the Church had invoked a blessing to preserve it from the power of dark, ness, till the trumpet of the angel summoned iti dust from the kindred earth to appear in the vale of Josaphat for judgment. There was, however, a higher 'feeling than tbis among Christians, for tbe body was the dwelling place of tbe Holy ., Ghost; and, although we were all kindred clods, destined to be destroyed by worms, tbe soul hath been ordained to become the inhabitant of the body, and tbe Lord bad said that the Spirit should dwell there. When a Christian was bap tised, the body become tbe receptacle of that Holy Spirit ; therefore, when tbe body died we honoured ' ''' it on that account, and placed it with all due re verence in the grave. The Pagans in early time* honoured their dead ; surely, we, as Christian?, ought to pny respect to the remains of our friends. We stood ia sight of the city of the living ; but how solemn was the thought that we were now in the city of tbe dead !— all around business and activity, but here was the quiet resting place appropriated for all living. However honoured or wealthy any man might be during his lifetime, nine feet of earth was allotted to each alike in death, and he could not earry his riches and honours with him beyond the grave. It was sad indeed to think of the numbers who rose early, and took repose late at night, for the purpose of heaping up riches, when they must all go to the silent tombs, bearing nothing with them but the winding- sheet which covered their corpses. He warned them, therefore, to accumulate works in the body which would follow them beyond the grave. It was the duty of all men to live in the fear of the Lord, without sin, for the thread of life might be snapped in a moment, and we ought so to conduct ourselves as to be able to give an account of our stewardship at any time when called upon by our Creator. The monarch on his tbrone, Brid the peasant in bis cottage, were all alike in the sight of God ; and all should be pre pared to render themselves as faithful servants at the great day of account,: giving a true report of the way in which they had discharged their social duties, before the Judge of all the earth. The Bishop then proceeded to the blessing of the ground, as enjoined by the Pontifical. The Litany was sung and prayers offered, after which the Bishop and his attendants proceeded to walk the boundaries of the ground, at the same time singing the seven penitential psalms, and the Bishop sprinkling holy water around him. Incense was burnt before each cross and a short prnyer offered, tbe Bishop placing upon each cross three lighted candles, as emblematic of the Holy Trinity. Dinner. — After the ceremonial of Consecra tion was concluded, the Bishop and Clergy, with the members of the Burial Board, repaired to the residence of Mr. Thomas Knowles, the Old Hall, Ince, which was kindly thrown open for their reception, to partake of a ddjeimer provided for tbe occasion. 