THE EAST INDIA COMPANY. From the ames, August 11th The coastlands Company has discharged its last public and soldiers attend mystery be consigned to moulder among the i urns and cerements of antiquity. The price which was to to paid for the passing of the India Bill has just been laid down, and, are now about to enter into the possession of our heritage. That must have been a powerful and influential corporation indeed which has required to be bought out twice over It was too large for a mouthful, and has been nibbled to death at distant intervals. In 1843 the first leaf was shaken from the sturdy tree, in the shape of the monopoly of the India tiade:~'In'l83iTfeli; the monopoly of the China trade. The capital, rights, debts, lands, tenements, arid hered laments of the East India Company were estimated to the last penny, and paid for by a mob gauge on the revenues of India with the collateral security of a sinking fund Who would not suppose that now at last the just equivalent had been paid that India had become to all intents and purposes, the property of the British nation, and that, whatever changes in her Government we might be after make, war should make them as much uncontrolled by questions of vested interest as if we were to unite the Exchequer with the Ti pastry, or place the First Lord of the Admiralty under the control of the Secretary of War'.' This however, has not turned out to be the case. In the first debate on the introduction of the Tariff Bill it appeared that there was a large number of men belong! is to both sides of the House who were decidedly favourable to the continuance of the East India Company, and who availed themselves of the decent excuse of the inopportune loss of legislating on the subject while war was still going on to give a vote which, if successful, might have lengthened the lease of the Company for years. From the time that vote was given it became evident that this party, which saw insuperable difficulties in every step that tended to piano tim government of India in the hands of the Crown, and was ready to avail itself of any obstacle which the necessary length and complexity of Parliamentary proceedings on so vast a subject threw in its way, was in reality muster of the position. Had Lord Palmerston accepted their assistance he might no doubt, have availed himself of the disgrace that attended ford Ellen borough's Bill to prevent any legislation on the subject during the session, and thus possibly preserved for his own party the credit and the patronage which must wait, upon so vast a change. But, happily 'or j his future reputation, the leader of the Opposition declined an advantage to be purchased at such a price, and the friends of the Company, finding no support from either side in their effort to send their protege altogether, were obliged to content themselves with dictating to their besiegers the terms of their surrender. Among other things, they seem to have required that, as the substance of the Company had long ago been bought out, so as ghost should be bought out over again, and should still retain a kind of ' shadowy and second-hand existence, bearing much the same relation to the full- , blown glories of the great monopolizing and, ] conquering corporation as that incorporate a entity does in contemplation of law to. the solid substance of an individuals being, of The East India Company being dead is yet j f to speak, and to transmit to the latest posterity, should the present India Bill last so i along, the traditions and the unbroken succession derived from the conquerors of In- I die. To carry out this view, or rather as our I prosaic nature would suggest, with a view to a tolerably equal division of the plunder between the Government who carried the , Hill and the friends of the Company, with but whom the Bill could not have been carried, the Council of 15 has been divided \ 1 into two parts seven Councillors to be appointed by the Directors of the East , India Company and eight by the Govern- ment. To some persons the duty thrown on the Company might appear in- vidious and revoking. To cashier friends and. colleagues, to choose out its victims for slaughter, must be a painful task to any body of men. But East India Directors are used to these, things, and the massacre of 1833 had steeled their breasts against pity and remorse, No doubt, the crew of a boat who cast lots for which shall be devoured feel the first operation of the kind a great deal more horrible than the second, and when it has been repeated three or four times come to look upon the slaughteryard mastication of a human creature as a very ordinary tran- saction:'-''Kveu this may not be the last trial of the kind which the much enduring Directors may have to undergo, and we should not be surprised if in no very long space of time that passion for diminishing the number of the Indian Council which has taken possession of statesmen and legislators should require to be gratified by new victims. Judging from the use which the Directors of the East India Company have made of the power vested in them by Parliament, the task of' selecting members for exclusion out of' those who have been adopted will be by no means difficult. The duty of the East India Company manifestly, was to select from among those to whom their choice was limited the seven best men at their disposal thus doing the best service they could to India, and leaving nothing to chance or to the caprice of Government, which it was in their power to render certain and irrevocable. They have always professed, and have in many quarters; received credit for their profes 'sums, that to'them'India was an all engross Vng object, and that, so long as her interests' were secured, patronage and emolument were matters of comparative indifference, which they did not refuse, but which were of small account in their eyes. How does their, practice square with their professions? They have laid down an arbitrary rule well worthy of the inauguration of a self elected corporation. They have confined their choice entirely to the elected part of the East India Direction, passing over by a rule of arbitrary exclusion, the very eminent men who have been nominated by Government silica 1853, and keeping their patronage entirely within their own body, in the very narrowest sense of the term. It were useless and invidious to canvass the met its of these seven executors old Company whose demise this last and crowning act gives us less reason than over to regret. They were, perhaps, nearly as goods choice as could be made out of the limited. materials to which the selfishness of the majority of the Board had restricted itself, but most assuredlytiijery bad choice, with reference to the liberty of selection with which the Act of Parliament had endowed them Their last act has-been a' job; and a job' of a peculiarly narrow and shabby (character, reminding us forcibly of the doings of some offence proyiñóiál'inliinjuipnlities|. before ' the , salutary reform of 1883. ','Wo"wifl not go through the whole' number', for there are several'nblejantl estimable men, but, there is one appointment that we feel bound not -bypass oyerjiu.silonçe." 'Mr. Charles Mills, ii member's' the banking firm "of' Glyn, Mills, and Co , a gentleman of enormous wealth, and concerned in carrying on avast businesses among, those selected, by the East India Company. The salary of 2 1,200 a year, which this millionaire will receive from the revenues of India, is probably not a twentieth part of the income he already possesses. We have not a word to say against this gentleman's' character or his intellectual fitness for the effie of Indian Councillor, but we call attention to this appointment as a comment on the repealed declarations made in both Houses of lar opinion that each Director ought to be required to give his whole time to the public service.. Mr., Mills might not unreasonably aspire to the office of East india Director when its duties were understood to be satisfied by, an attendance of three or four hours in a week, and when its modest compensa- tion was at first only £300, and then, in consideration of the diminution opthalmia- bers of the Direction in 1853, £500 a-year; but to take a gentleman already deeply engaged in most important business, and then in consideration of such time as he will afford, to award to him, not out of our own funds, but out of the overburdened revenues of India, a sajaryçoqual to that of a County Court 'Judge seems to us a transaction which no one but a corporation, and corporation feeling doubly irrespon "sible from its approaching dissolution, would venture to perpetrate. Could not one auiongjtlie,nominees, of the Crown, all of tfioin-gciitlemon who have spent many years in India; who have been selected for distinguished and confessed ability, and who tiro'uttbily untrammelled with business relations, have been found to occupy a seat in-the Direction with us much advantage to'.'tlmpublio interest as the gentleman on whom this lot has fallen ? We are, now acquainted with seven sixteenths of a body which" is henceforth to administer- the patronage of India we see the first use they have made of their patronage, and we augured for the time. t , _ r > ! 