ENGLISH EXTRACTS. TUB BERLIN "Puítcn" AND THF. MUNICIPAL Aorao KlTiES-A trial has just taken place before the civil tribunal at Derim, which created considerable amuse- ment. Some time ago, the municipal authorities of lA'igniti, iii Silesia, issued a circular, culling on the pro- prietors of bouses in the town to make up a list or all tho " male larsons liorn in 1838," and to semi them in ; but it was so loosclv worded that in reality it said "the persons," not "thelist," ought to lie sent in. On this, tho Kladdrradathch, tho Rerun Punch, published an article in which it ironically requested the said muni citial authorities "in their profound wisdom" to explain "how the male persons liotn in 1838," at Loinnitz, were to be sent in-anti after sonto pleasantries, it told them tliatlcsxon» in literary composition might be obtained for a moderate sum nt Berlin. 'Iho authorities of Leib- nitz took great offence at the article, and caused M. Dollin, the responsible editor of the Kladderadatsch, tn b- |» uaoniiied for it. In court, utter the publication of the at tide bad been proved, it wus contended that as it cast ridiculo on the municipality of l.eiynitz, it amounted tu nhat tin- law calls "insult of public autho- rities." M. Dollin, in his defence. iir<;iicd tiwi in pre SÍMICO of »nell a tdrnular fitere »as no lmrni in his reeom iiieniiing tin« authors of it to take» les-mist und tim! in speaking of their "piofutmd wisdom," which I hoi ap- peared to think peculiarly offensive, ho hiitlcoiiiniitl.il no otlenco at all, inasmuch'us he evidently thought tlieiu "wondrous wiso," unit MUS ready to prove that they were so. Thi» caused much laughter. The trihtuiiil 'never- theless condemtiod bim tu pay IO tliuleis (£i IDs.) (¡ne. and to Insert the toxt of tin» judgment in his journal. It further ordered that the copies ol'tim number contain ingthoanicle which had been seized should bndostroi ed' A meeting of the shareholders ol' the Atlantic Tele- graph Company was held on the 23rd of february, Mr ?Ninnie) Gin hey, M.I'., in the chair, when the report wus adopted uniiiiïniuiisly, and a resolution passed to raise £T.r),i)00 additional uapilal. Of the £1150,000 subscribed only £200 remains in iirreur. The failure of the late attempt in hiving the telegraph was attributed to the want of time necessary for properly testing tlio apjia ratiis. Kxperimetit* ure no»- bein;; curried on with a viow to perfect tho paving-out nmeliineri, anil to make it as nearly as possible sell-nut¡iig. Mr. Cyrus Meld Ktuvs in Kngliind to take ehurgo ul the nest expedition, willoh »ill be in tho Ni.igur« tittil Agamemnon, as before It is propo»od to inórense the length of the cable lunn .¿.MM milos to Ü000, and to meet this expense u sum ol' £35,000 will bo provided out of tho additional capital tn bo raised. Subscriptions have already been received for £?¿4,000 Tho directors Imvo determined for the present to nosiponotho contemplated conversion of the shores. It has been agreed with the original holders to purchase all tho privileges they enjoy under tlio existing contract, many ol'which would prove prejudicial tolliokiilinliicton working of the company, with ¡>7ft0 puid-upsliarcsofü'ii euoh, an undorlnkinu, hoing given that non o shall bo sohl until tho cable is IM.-J lorne News, March 10. SlIOCXl.N'O ACOIDBNT TO A b'EIIALK OlANTRSS.-On Monday a young woman, natnod Elizabeth Lnbby, nine- teen years' of uga, was run over by a onb, in crossing from Oiohard-stroot to North Audloy-streot, Oxford street. She was taken up insensible, the horse knocking hor down, and the wheel passing over her body. After tho accident considerable difliouity took pluoo in gutting her into a cah for tho purpose of removal to St. George'» Hospital, Hyde Pork-corner, owing to her extraordinär; Btatur« and weight, sim being upwards of thirty stono. On returning the hospital it roquiretl i ho four porters and tho three surgen -mon to carry her into the wart!, where alio was attended by Sir. Perceval, tho houso surgeon. Sho is a lady's maid in a gentlomuii's family in Man ohestor-square.-Era, March 7. Mr. Whitworth, tho far-famed machinist, is ongnged in constructing a monster printing mnohine for the Time». It is said that between twotity and twenty- five thousand an hour will bo turnod off from this leviathan of tho press. An elephant ohtirgcd Major Milman, R.fi., anti aide do-camp to tlio Go vernor of Ceylon, and waa within a few feet of bim, when Mr. Tyndall, determined to save his friend's life, íírod. The bullet went through Major Milman'« left shoulder, splintering a small portion ol'the bono. But ino end was answered : tho bullet which had f hus disabled Major.Milman killed tho elephant, which fell within a fow feet ófliim. So narrow un escupe, and under such oiroumsbiiioes, ¡g, vve beliovo, unprecedented. -Colombo Observer. , Mr. Justice Cresswell Is gazetted judge of the Divorce and Probate Court. -r i""i»v i '?'" M i ? [..« BEAÍIÍK nr itfosiis FOR GontütRSS".-To return, how- ever, to.the reign of Henry lil., the successor of John, 1 raav notice an incident of the social history of the period, that there were few places where tho'itinerant jester was moro ivannly welcomed than at tho,lonely cells of the friars. We have an ¡DSianee of this in a story told by Wood, and quoted by Warton, to this ell'ect. A couple ot strangers applied one night at tho gates of a cell ot Benedictines, near Oxford, for admission. The itinerants nore taken for jesters, and gained a ready ad tniiiion undor thut supposition. CclFnrer, sacrist, and the wholo of tho confrnternitv, looked forward to having a merry night of it with tho gestiontatoriis tudicrixgu« artibus of their guests. Hut these proved to be grave men of long prayors anti short meals ; very poor in purse, but rioh in saving knowledge; without power or tnsto to moko a joke, but with will and ability to enjoin their hosts to live cleanly and soberly and religiously, to sorve Qod faithfully, honour the King loyally, and to put away from themselves all naughtiness. The Bene- dict ¡HUB did not caron fig tor suoli serious persons, or tbnir admonitions. They had admitted tho wayfarers, supposing them to be jesters; and ¡[logically concluding, bocausotne supposed jester« were monks, they them- selves lind been deceived by them, they set upon the poor follows, thrashed thom soundly, and turned them out of doors,- History of Court Fools. By Dr. lloran. _ A LIZARD'S CAST-OFF COAT.-I havo observed that tho lizards frequently change their skins, as do snakes ; and this much in tho same manner. A tew days bofore the skin is coming off, tho lizard looks covered with a sort of slime, and appears stupid and sluggish. When he feels liis coat loose enough, ho got« ootween two con- veniently plauod portions of stick or need, and, leaving the deoii skin or slough, as it is sometimes called, behind him, comes forth moie brilliant and lively thun over. These cnst-otT skins aro sometimes most perfect, particu- larly when the lizard has not been disturbed during the operation : the only way to examine it is to toko it most carefully out from tho vessel in whioli it is found, on the top of a camel's-hoir brush (anything ruder, as n bit of suck, will tour it to bits,) anti place it in n wine-glass of dom- water, thru, «¡til the lightest touch posstblo, brush tho »arts asunder, and, if yon aro lucky and have a light hunt!, yon may got the wholo skin expanded quite perlcct, looking like tho ghost of its former oivnor. There is not a portion of tho body that has not parted with its cover- ing; the very toes and «kin of the feet aro seen hanging like an empty glove; and even the beautiful and yet hard transparent covering of tho eye romains faithfully fixed in its old companion, tho skin. The lizards, «hy or wherefore I know not, are very fond of eating these cast-oft skins. 1 have frequently seen them at work at it.- Giiriusitus of Salural Uistony. Hy francis T. fíwkland, SI A. PBRSFCUTION OF CHRISTIANS is CHINA. -A private communication from Castres, in tho department of the Tara, contains the following extnict from a letter re- ceived by Monsignor Daniuourt, .bishop of the district, announcing the execution, by tho Chinese, of tho ltcr. Ferdinand Montéis, a Uizarfst priest, who was n native ol'Castres:-"Father Montéis was decapitated on the .'Gili June, 1857, with tno nativo Christiana, named Joan Queu mid Pierro \'-. 'Hie execution waa commanded by n military mandarin ni Kiangsi. near Kv-guiui-Foo. I'nther Montéis was pioceeding to visit a French mia sionary, named Than, nho, being unwell, had requested hi« assistance. In tho com so of his journey he fell in with a detachment of the Imperial srmy. _ Tho Chineso searched his bnggago and found in it his hair, which t'other Montéis had cut oil* in ortler not to bo taken for nu insurgent, but which he had preserved to show at a later period lo the insurgent!,, who nero masters of the country he inhabits, and to piove to them that necessitv alono liad compelled him to hhuve himself. The military mamlnrin beforo whom tho priest was brought would listen to uo explanation, though Father Aloméis in vain cluimcil the protection alibi dod to missionaries bv exist- ing treaties. The mandarin ordered that his head I should bo struck oil', as well as those ol' tho two Christians | who accompanied him." 'ASECHÓTE or HAVELOCK.-During hi» stay in F.ng liind, the narrator went olio evening to the homo of the colonel, in compliance « it li un invitation. In the course of conversation, Mrs. Havelock turned suddenly round to her husband, ami said, *' Hy the way, my dear", where is Harry ?' referring to her son, whom «ho hud not seen 'lining'the «boloafternoon. Tho colonel started to hi:. feet: "Well, poor fellow, bo's stan ling on Landon In ¡<lge, and in this cold, too. i told him to wait for me there, at twelve o'clock to-day ; and, in the pressure of business at -, I quito forgot tho appointment." The father and son wore to have met at twelve at noon, an.l it was now after seven o'clock in tin* evening. Yet tho father seemed to have no doubt thut Harry would not iiiovo from his post until ho appeared. The"colonel at once rose, ordered a cab to be called, and, as ho went forth to deliver his son from his weary watch on London bridge, be turned to excuse himself to his visitor, saying : " le« tee, sir, that's the titeipline of a soldirr's family." ID the course of an hour, the colonel returnod «¡th poor Harry, who, although he appeared somewhat titllvuted by the cold watch, and glad to seo the fire in the comfortable parlour at home, seemed to lnvo passed through the little afternoon's experience with the greatest good humour, and tho feeling that all was right. -Uartlepoot Mercury. Ax ADVENTURE AT MAXMIIII. - The Manehitter Guardian publishes a letter from a young ladv respect- ing tho tress-cutting in Monheim, fiom which wo ex- tract the following :-" The othor dav a most ridiculous adventure happened to a poor young "Englishman at the railway station here. He could not find where his lug- gage was ; and, speaking the language, he went up to a .".¡ri and asked her very civilly if she could tell him tv hore tho luggage-ofiico was ; when, to lils astonishment, she began shrieking, and took to her heel« as fast as she could. After recovering from hi« astonishment, be addressed the same question to another woman with a large pail of water upon her head ; and she, after having thrown donn her pall, nearly drowning the poor travel- ler, ron away uko the first, screamlngwith «li hermight. Of course, o'ur Englishman thought the world must be coining to an end, and, as a last resource, he rushed up to' a poliec-oflicer, who was standing near, when the policeman seized him by the collar, dragged him through ih'Streets, where he' was pelted by all the dirty little boys with tnii'l and snow, to tho police-office; «'here a resjiecUiblo Kngliah passport having been produced, and there being no sign« of hi« being (as suspected) a tress cultor, he »a« set at liberty, duo apologies being made fur his dolent iou." SlVOLE-HAStlED riATTLE WIT» TWELVE l.VDIAXS-In Durango I knew, perM>na!)y, one who, in a fight nith Indians, behaved like a true descendant of Cortes. He was a very powerful man, mid nina»« rode horses of pro- portionate stiength. In hi« rambles aftei his cattle he used to wear a leal horn curias« and Ion? leggings, both arrow-proof and nearly lunee-proof. His only weapon was a straight double-edged «nord, with a shell-guard ; and on its bindo nu« the old Spanish motto-" Do not draw me wilhoiit reason, nor sheathe me without honor." The sword had been handed down tu him from his grand- father. The grandson kept true to tho motto »if the blide. One dav ho di-»uvercd twelve Indians driving oil' some of his cattle ; lie immediately rode after thuin. Tho In.Hans, «oeing uno .Mexican approaching, whose countrymen they hod beaten by hundreds, scarcely paid tit,«' attention to him ; but, us'he «anio on with 'drawn ««'ord, they thought it was nercsMii v to punish tho pre- sumption. * Tho pursuit of the cattle was left, and they liivun riding lound their doomed victim, swinging their lances round tlici heads, lint the diameter of the neeiio soon chutigcd ; my friend, by a few bonuils of bis liorsp, was aluni>side of uno of these "mnn- spittera ;" and the first thing the Indian felt was the knock of the sword .»hell on his breast, n« the long blade wat sticking oui from his book. The rest carne now in a body upon the rnnehere, nnd liinco-lhrtists pressed upon liit'ti from nil sides. Hut his horse wheeled round us if its hind feel wetp n pivot, while he, parrying some thrusts,uno receiving olliers on his ouriiiv», lunged out his long blade right and left, nnd swept it round his head, «luvoriug spllntei« from their lancen. Several bogan to feel faint from ugly gashes ; their shields HPCIIIUI of not muoli avail ; th'ieo sunk from their horses liko the first, to kee]) bim coniiwny, breathing no longer through their mouths, but wlicio the 'loledo had opened a bloody pas sago to the lungs. Tho ranchero» hoi so took as active n part in tho combat ii« his muster-urged by him in hounds against tim foo, tlnyieieived mam a stunning blow or traoturcd limb fro'm the pawing fore-hoofs ot tho poweiful olmrger. 'J he courage of tho Indians sank, their enemy «oomed invulnerable ; his horse bleeding, but not exhausted ; and the dospised antagonist become now truly torrlhlo. Of the eight that remsinod, four (¡ed, and were pursued by the ranchero.-Travels by Ton rife. SiNout.Att IIBATII -A Swiss woman, who occupied « wretched garrot in tho Ruo Jücher, disappeared about tlvo week« ago ; and as she had been eundomnud for robberv, anti was very poor, the landlord wa« glad to be rid of tier, though she bud nut paid him tho rent due. Her door wa« fastened, und he, to provont her returning miperceived, placed a padlock on it. Nothing having boen seen or hoard of her, he, yesterday, caused tho com- missary of polico of the district to open the door. The woman was then found Heated In n chair quite dead and, singular to relate, (hough sliu munt have ceused to live ever tinco her disappearance,- thoro was not the slightest corruption in her frame, but, on the contrary, »lie was as dry and stiff as a mummy, nud her skin was like the parchment of a drum. A pan containing some oharooul, and In it a tin-pot filled with water, was on the (loor; it is therefore not doubted that «ho wa« acciden- tally suffocated as she was heating the water; and as to tho preservation of her body, it wus owing to tho garret being densely flllod with the gas of the charcoal. About six years ago a similur caso occurred with a woman in the Petite Uno du Bao, and exulted a good deal o attention in the scientific world.- Oaligani. ENGLISH NAMES GALMMRKU.-Tho llborties taken with proper nome» by the Fronoli journals are truly wondor lui ; it is, in iaot, u rare thlug to find a singlo English namo, except those thoroughly known, properly «pelt, even though oopied'i'rom Ktigllsh papers. Kail Grey tho other day became Lord Uuy -, Koebnck is turued into Hcobuo; "LordTheshigor" and " Sir Campbell" are oom mon blunders. An intelligent Gallic friend insisted the other duy thai Londres and Ulascon wee« tho right (he cause Frenoli) names of the oitie« ! '1 he classics ure nut butter treutiii-French termimitions being substituted for the original, one«. 'IhuB X,iviu« bi^omos ,"Til« LWo"-a mesjt Ignomioiiii (raniforioafjon.-Era. 