TUE JANUARY MAGAZINES. The European has brought us our customary butch of magazine literature. The.ár. Journal for the month is embel- lished with throe of the most exquisite gen» the Bkill and taste of the engraver could pro- duce. The " Disarming of Cupid" is a match- less reproduction of the painting by Frost, ia the Boyal Collection. " The Opening of New London Bridge" is remarkable for its deli- cacy and finish, and for the combination of softness of general effect with minute dis- tinctness of outline, even iu the most distant figures. The "Last Dream" represents an ex- ceedingly chaste monument to a Miss Hutton, of Sowber Hill. The figuro of a lady re- clines, as in sleep, with the Sacred "Volume clasped to her breast. Above are the figures of two angels, pointing upwards, and invit- ing her ascent. The motto inscribed is Hor sun wont down wliilo it was yot day, But unto tho upright tlioro arisotk light in tho darkness. I'lie whulo design is remarkable for a severe adhetence to a simple but beautiful ooncap tion. The general contents of the Art Journal possess tho UBUiil diversity of character, with the usual uniqueness ,'of interest. Illustra- tions of the works and genius of our great masters; picture memorials of their homes nnd haunts: examples of the application of tbe principles of beauty to every-day domestic art, and records of the progress of taste, make ti p a miscellany that would be iu the highest degree attractive, even without the exquisite art specimens that embellish it. In Blackwood, Sir Lytton Bulwer's story " What will he do with it?"-ad vanees through its eighth part. If somewhat affected in its quaintnees, and in some respects exhibiting the freaks rather than the feats of genius, this novel must be admitted to sustain the author's reputation as a perfect master of no- tion, and an inimitable character painter. Blackwood opens with a philosophical' de sertation on the phenomena and sensations of Hunger and Thirst, which it deals with as two ot the mighty impulses of human action "beneficent and terrible monitors, over vigilant sources of exquisite pleasure and of exquisite pains, motives to strenuous endeavor, and servants to our higher aims." The new German novel, " Debit and Credit," which has created a sensation, and met with a reception in its own land al- most equal to those of " Uncle Tom's Cabin" in England, and the English translation of whioh is ushered in by a preface from the Chevalier Bunsen, is recommended to the English reader as a work that will trans- port him into new scenes and new positions, and give him an insight into the social con- ditions and social movements of a foreign country. As a literary production, however, it is set down as occupying only a secondary place among English novels. Öorao remarks norn M. Bunsen'» paper are valuable, and the reviewer thus introduces them : lue Choralior Bumon has particularly commanded tho work of Gustav Froytag as a faithful portrait jro of an oxlsting stato of society (in willoh light It will bo chiefly accoptablo to tho English reador), and ho alio lays great stross on tho artistic dovolopment of tho whole story, and Us skilful denouement, lloro ho in- troducás somo goniral observations on iho novel which are worthy of our attontlon, and to which wo shaU venturo to append an obiorvation of our own. " In all thii tho author proves himsolf to bo a per- fect aitht and a truo poot ; not only in tho treatment of separato event?, but in the far inore rare and higher art of loading lill concoptlon to a satisfactory dovolop- mont and denouement. As this requirement doos not seem to bj generally apprehended, oither by the writers or tho critics of our modom mvols, I shall take tho liberty of somowhat moro earnostly attempting its vindication. " Tho romance of modern times, if at all deserving of the name It Inherits from its predecessors in tho romantic middle ages, represents tho latest stadium of tho epic. " Every romance is intendod, or ought to be, a new ' llllad' or ' Odyssey ; ' in other words, a poetic repre sentatlon of a course of events consistent with the h'ghest laws of moral government, whether It dellne ate the general history of a people, or narrate tho fortunes of a chosen hero. If we pass in review tho romances of tho last three centurles, we shall find that those only have arrestod tho attention of more than one or two generations, which have satisfied this requirement. Every other romance, let it moralise ever so loudly, Is still immoral ; let' it offer ever so much of so-called wisdom, is still irrational. The excellence of a romance, like that of an epic or a drama, lies in tho apprehension and truthful exhibition of tho course of human things." Through the medium of the English papers even those who havo not had the opportunity of readiug Dr. Livingstone's record of missionary travel and research in Northern Africa hove been enabled to become familiar with Ui contents. His book is essentially one of fact and adventure, and is thus quotable, Our home coututnporariea have lurgely availed fhomselves of this citcumstunce. It is not, however, from the citation of striking pai snges that we can gain an adequate idea of the character as well as of the contents of the . narrative of this remarkable man. The Dublin University gives us an impartial and evidently truthful picture of this greatest of modern travellers, and of his first great literary pro- duction : Exactly iu proportion as Dr. Livingstone has scorned tho adventitious arta of tbo moro book-maker, hu ho uiiconscbusly succooded in gaining tho sympathy and appreciation of readers of true tasto and fooling, iluny instances of carolossnoss, some mistakes, much ruggodnoss, tbo micromotor of tho critic may road off upon those pages; but tho cmdld eye rosognizos, anl recognizes willi satisfaction, an unanticipated charm, the charm of n plain, downright, unaffected Christian simplicity, which wilijnot bo soduced Into bolng falsa to itself or to the roader. Wo may follow our author we seo this at a glance-with tho aauio confidence into tho grandest speculations and the minutest particu- lars. Ho will never flatter us, or favor us with a ploco of fiuo writing, ovon at our utmost need. But bo will take us familiarly and frankly by tho hand, and lead us along with him ; relieving llio monotony of tho journey by words, thoughts, and descriptions, for the most part siugularly concise, often Improguatod by a. happy spirit of genial humor, and aniinatud through- out by a quiot intensity, finely indicativo of the man's charactor, and carrying with thom a sort of earnest that thero ile in the path before bim achiovomonta still more conspicuous than any ho has yet accom- plished. In his fresh efforts we heartily bid him God speed. Whatever tho result of the contemplated mission t,*, tho court of Lisbon may proi/o, the.labours of tim oï ptorerwll bo but Indlíeotlylnfluoncod-hlapoworsía pioneer will remain what they were. The induesT of £TTf <%* "«Iglona may prosont or remow obî BtaoloR, but a discovery i8 a thliig that cannot bo 1¿ noroil or repudiated ; and the world'* Interests will not tlen^A'1^ lï° ^'"T1.05 or »«Porstitiona of Sa t ona. Such barriera will be romovod or broken through The course of Christianity and clvlluÄ maybolllionod to that of tl,o'groat artory by wh oh the plaina of tho Interior of Africa ure now placed in communication with tho world. If it oannoi mSko ita way o horwlso, It will force open a gulf for itsTf and tunnel the chaunol it does not find. Under"Oom drcumatances those vast unknown regions arei drawii within tho limits of tho known, the name of tho lud' Älwh0 hV flrst whl8P<"-°'i ¿ho soerot to men, wlli romain oirvod upon the tree in the garden ho has Planted, as it does at tblsmomoit lu tho island ov« I toorcing the cataract : äüd mark ??'.... - ,"'»"" ovar Tho first diopter of n new story ov Harrv Lorrimer,'cut tied "Gerald Fill»orald" a Ä mÄ¿;ÄÄdSr a s BÍAUlf ?íit8d^°i,vi8TVuth.PUt U9 la All the serials discuss India largely criti- cise its past government, and teomSiVh«;» gestions for the future munugeCnt of thai inogniflcontprovince. Even ft,» AT",;. ¥/ .;, deals with Ufa qaestion fa aSfS and solidity. 1 Is rWo at home, 'hoLever iS the lighter walks of fiction, biograph*"and anecdote. The author of "Ashley'' c¿Xu butes the concluding one of his rlnrnwH« fetches which constitute "novel wlthÄ ia/? «s^ «» tatas Literary^and Personal? of "¿y* S^Sddfa^ ÈobeïtS g °minlSCenccB iB fch0 flr8t Sir Old Sir Kobort Peel was an nontn mn".". ,, man, nn enoniy to the corn laws whllf MTS^1OS lifetime, and tho old gontloman frequently rom Ki Btratod with ulm on the subjoct in vain. " You canuot afford to keop them : what a heavy cxponBO thoy must bo' Why don't you turn thou into Drayton Park, the grass is growing to wasto thoro ? The man to whom I let It is gone off without jiajlngmo." Tho son turned in lils horses, and they wore seized bv tho father for tho ront duo by the prov loua os'U pant. Tatt îeviews Livingstone, indulges ia a prophetic rhapsody about -the year 80!)3 ; nerves up India and the army, of course, and, in the midst of fact, fiction, and politics ; prints the fifth of a series of " Australian bketches by the Right lion. Thomas M'Conibie." Wo presume the gentleman thuB intended to be indicated is Mr. M.'Combie, ML.O. of this favored and honored colony. How originated the blunder auent his title ? We are quite sure Mr. M'Coinbie would not himselt forge a patent of nobility 01 a writ of summons to Her Majeäty'sMost Honorable Privy Counoil. It must be an editor's mistake. But it proves the editor of Tatt to be a very stupid, bungling fellow. However, honorable or light honorable, Mr. M'Oombio has con- tributed a very readable paper, as good as anything that appears in Wait for January. It is on the Bush Graves of Australia. Odiums Umltd Sen ice Magazine is not so exclusively professional as to be uninteresting to the general reader. Indeed, tho most inte- resting topics of public discussion just now, are thoBe connected with military events and mihtaiy oiganisations. "How the Army can he made more popular and Becrmting more efficient" is a problem political and social, as ?well as military. ' The Defence of Lord Bnglan," "The Monarchs of Delhi," "The Ben- gal Mutiny," " The ¡beats of Insurrection," are papers only so far piofesBional as they deni with the war aspects of matters of com- mon publio concernment. " Russia in Asia" is a review of Mr. Atkinson'»! book on Orien- tal and Western Siberia. The advances of the vast empire of the Czar from the North upon the great continent which we are gra- dually annexing upward from the South, fur- nish food for curious speculation. If weare des- tined to meet with a formidable foe in Nor- thern India, it will certainly be a singular circumstance that the advance of the Autoorat ?will have been aided by English genius and skill in opening his way. The United Sei vice Magazine says - What havo no to dread from Russia in Asia ? Wo havo boon a long timo koeping a look out ; but, in spito of all our vigilance, she stcadtlj adv ancos. Wo lind bcr at all points and in all quarter», creeping on and on, tripping up Turkey, wrottllng v, Ith Persia, troading on tbo skirts of China, manunivrlng with Japan. Whore is it all to ond.' Wo laugh at an advance from tho Caspian to Herat, and through Afghanistan to India, forgetting that Aloxander, though oppoood by tbo might} empire of Darius, actually accomplished ill Is oxploit more than 2,01)3 years ago Russian battalions havo alroady appeared on tho Oxus. Tho day may ,\ ot be distant, but a tims will como, whon tlio two Europoan powors of Asia, tho north and south, will havo to fight for tho domina- | tion. Lot us look this faot in the face. Wo have only todo so and" tho danger will bo half at ort ed But if wo go on In our old English bragging way, sneering at a power who now possesses half of Asia, and doridlug ovory warning, wo are llkolv to Incur our u mai fato of being takon unprepared Tho rocont operations ia India give us no reason to fear for English ascendancy, so long as wo act up to tho motto, "Ready, ayo, ready ' " Tboso groat achlevomonts have roatorod our military prostigo, not only among tho populations of India, but through tho longth and breadth of the Bast. The English character never carno out in such fulness, such breadth of powor and action, and a continent of alavés will recognise Us real masters But ludia is not tho onlypart ol Aita on «Inch tlio sons of longland aro assorting her supremacy, Englishmen scale Ararat, Engllshmon truco a raliway through tlio Euphrates valley: Engllshmon aro about to gird tlio coast with tho oleotrio telegraph Nor Is this all. Here we havo, in a magnificent volumo, a roport by an englishman, on the wholo economy and chiraoter of the Russian dominion in tho East, dedleated to tbo reigning Em- peror, and giving Uis Imperial Majcetj information respeoting this vast tcrltory which could not bo fur- nished by his own subjects, inasmuch as this daring traveller has penetrated farther linn any Russian or other Europoan has over lunched, trat oiling on, and on, for sovon yoars, till, at last, ho came to tho point whoro ovon his bold foot woro na) ed, and tho Btoppos, rocks, mountains, und chasms ot Mongolia, precluded furthor progress Tho journey of Mr Atkinson, tho author of thin most Important and Interesting work, oxtondod ovor 80,600 miles, reckoning from Kophan on the wost to tho oastern ond of tho llalkal, and as far south as the Chinese town of Tohlnso. In this remote region ho carno upon tho vost chilli! of Sjan shan, which Euro- poan oyo had novor beforo tocu. Ho penotratod Into tho Dioaiy wilds of tho Gobi, which, In days of old, poured fourth the furious hordes of Binghis Khan Ho reached tho country of tho lialbas, oxplorlug waites and climbing mountains scarcely known to geography. Trom thOBo distant tracts, ho has brought buck, not onlyaccurato descriptions of the country aud people, hut accurato dollnoatloesof thosconory, which Bpread boforo us, in tlio \ ivid colors of the easel, all Its vailodand fantastic effects. Armed with a passport from the Emperor, which authorised his passago through ovoij part of tho Russian torrltory, Mr. Atkinson found tho way protty clear boforo him, so far as concerned tbo notion of officials Ills diflleulty lay in tbo obstacles opposed hy tho road, or ratlior by tho nature of the country for road, In tho ordinary sonso of tho word, thora was nono Ho had a slight forotasto of what was to come ovon on the highway between St Potoraburg and Moscow, whoro, ovory now and again, his vohiclo iloppod Into a bolo, from which it required tho aid of Hercules to lift it, and ho exporloncoa a sort of rail- way collision at ovorj eoruor A railway now runs over this tract, connecting tbo undent and modern capitals, but Mr. Atkinson commenced his expedition eiRbt joars ago-boforo masonrj and steam became acquainted Hut tho threshold of Siberia Is by no means so unpromising as ono might supposo Tra- velling In droakics and sledges, iu bargos and boats, now ashore, now afloat, at ono timo joltod to plooss on tho road, at another dronched to the skin on a rushing river. All this is, of course, vory far from agreoablo ; but tho sconory is now and picturesque, tho popplo aro strange and attractive, and a littlo hardship is a womlcrlul Bharponor of the appotlto and renovator of tho nerves. Mr. Atkinson was channel v\Hh tho glimpsos of pro.ty landscape, ino park*"'1*0 £ »IriDution or troos oven with tho impenetrable forosts, grand »nu mighty in thoir deep gloom. Thon he oamo on a pilo of rocks, which oarthqtiako or volcano had thrown in a oonfueod heap ; hore wore cascados, or rillB, or foaming torrent1) ; and further on he could fancy himself proceeding down tho Thames, tho Wyo, or tho Tamar. Then wo aro met by stupen- dous mountains, by dreary steppes, bj regions of lea and snow, where naturo, fast bound by frost, so 3ms novor to cast her wlntor dress. Ascondlug the river towards tho Oural, Mr. Atkinson stops to v islt the iron minos, wading through a mile of mud to tho house of the director. An aporture, of four foot hhrn by two and a half wido, fitted with a door, sorvodns an ontranco to this primitivo abodo. A dark passago is within, well defondod by pitfalls, which hore answer all the purposo of stool trap» and spring guns. But tho cunning director, who must bo some rolative of Todloben, doos not trust sololy to tlioBocntronohmonts, and coming to a room, ourtrav oller finds It guardad by a dog, whoso growls announce ho is no mimic Corborus Fortunatoly, a woman appears, and tho intruder then discovers ho Is ¡n a lady's bedroom. Hero la a situation for a belated Englishman, oovorod with mud and icicles, and only ablo to talk through lils dictionary. But, by degrees, an explanation 1« ofleotod, and our traveller Is brought to tlio dlreotor, and rocolvos a hoarty vi oleomo A good supper, sovoral bottles of wlno, and a glass of lioino-inadecordial, wera produced, and Mr. Atkinson was placed at tlio hoad of tho tablo, with tho host on his right. Tho lady took hor soat In a retired cornor of the i oom, but this wa» not oxactly conformable to English notions of oqulty, and aftor a protest, sho was allow od to join thowell spread board, and now nothing was wanting to malte all happy. Champagno flowed far Into tho night, and tho noit, morning tho hospltablo director saw his guest a good dibtanco on tho waj, and bado farewell In apart nig glass Tho Russians, after all, are not suoh bad letlows,-ovcopt when thoj gel among tho woundod. Bentley also begins the new year with a new novel, fiom the pen of Dudley Costello. With the exception of a short introductory article, "Our Annual Ketiospect" and another, "Tho Causes of the Indian Mutiny," this popu- lar miscellany eschews politics, and as some- thing more lively, discusses ghosts. Only premising that the writer believes in ghosts, wo extract tbe following story as "oircum -ftimUally eaíablíshed "by trustworthy wit- nesses : Mrs. A., a lady who has well earned her world-wide reputation, rotated to us the followinganeodote her- self. She had boen spending a Bummer's day with a party of friends among some ruins, whouco they ad- journed to the mansion of a Quakor gentleman In the neighborhood, whore thoy all dinod. During dinner, tomo one asked whether the rules were haunted, wbon Mrs. <*.. obsorvod that the various niombars of their host's family Iookod gravo, and tho son, a young man who sat noar her, was beginning to explain, but his fathor sternly reproved bim for vain talking, and the convention dropped. But woman's curiosity waa naturally oxciled, and when they adjourned to the gar don aftor dinner, Mrs. A. questioned the young mau as to'.ho inhibited story. "The fact is," ho ropliod, " we have a ghost in our village, or aro supposed to liavo one, and it has been the cause of a great deal of posalp lately. The story Is a strange one. Many joirj .go a carter, John-, whose cottage you soo yonder thoro, 'gleaming through the trees, 'keptcompany* with a girl In tho village ; butas nolthor of thom hal any mouoy, Bhe prudently nccoptod a well-to-do Lon- doner who came down to these parta, married bim, and disappeared until lost year, when she returned a rich widow, on a visit to bor friends. John, who had never left bia nativo placo, and nevor taken unto hlin ! selfs wife, revived tho old flame in the widow's heart, and in the course of a short timo thoy wore married. ; It was nooo8saiy that aho ahould go back to London >ftor tho wodding to wind up her affairs thoro (I bo riove it was the sale of certain houses, in whioh tier | proporty chiefly consisted), before roturulng to har new homo. She uover did return. She waa missing ? foraome time; no one knew what had become other, until it waa dlacovered that aho had boen nmrdoroi, no doubt for hor monoy, as she was known to have had alargo sum upon her, which tbo sale of herhouiai bad realised. John benoflted In no way'by har death. Ho was soborly sorry for that o'vont, but no .thing would induce him to ga up to London, la the prosecution of justice, whereattlionelghboriworo some- what scandalised. Perhaps bo thought that the sama fato that had befallen his poor wlfo awaited bim in the great Babylon. ' What good could bo do? He couldn't call her back to life. No, decidedly, ha wouldn't go to London.' But whether this preyed upon his mind, or from whatever other cause, all lila blenda could not fail to remark that John grew thinner every day, and soeincd ill at caso. They ques- tioned him, and at last bo confessed that he could gat no sleep, on account of uh wife, who, every night, carne aadstoodat tho foot of his bed, Soo «.»14 a? thing, but thoro Brie romained looking at him ; and h» seemed to take it very III of hor. Ho would not mind, it in the day timo, ho said, if aho carno and stood by him while he was at work, bnt It was very hard that she could not lot him sleep in poaco at night. All this happened some months ago, but John persists in say- ing that his ghostly visitant still comos to him occa- sionally, and tbo excitement in the village upon thla subjoct is consequently kept up. Of course tha neighbors declare thoy havo seen tho ghost, and tha belief in it is universal." "I should very much ilka to BOO thlB John, nnd havo a ta,k with him," said Mrs. A. "Could wo go down to his cottage?" "£ um afraid ho will be away at this hour, but we cm trj," And a party of Ave, three besides Mrs. A. aud lier young host, walked to tho cot'.ago, whioh w« lihou! a quarter of a mile distant. It was thon botwoon 7 and 8 o'clock : a clear sum- mer's ovening. Mrs. A. doscrlbod John's dwelling as forming one of a row of throo or four cottages, havtua; miall gardens, of somo 10 or 12 yards In length, be- tween thom and the road, and a soparato littlo wicket to each. While tho young man went up to tho door; lo soo if John was at homo, Mrs. A. and her throo companions romained outside the wiokot. Tho door uns locked. John was ovidontly out, and had given tho ¡toy to a neighbor, as was his custom ; but to maka turo of this, tho young man went round to the back of tho cottogo to try the othor door. It waa then, as 1 havo said, still porfectly light. Ho was scarcoly out of sight, when tho four persons who woro outside tha g.ite saw the figuro of a woman inside tbo cottage,, passing slowly by tho window-a thin woman, dress od in a cotton gown of a lilac color, hor profllo turned to- wal ds them,' this was how thoy all subsequently de roribed tho figuro thoy 6aw thoro, so distinctly and un m Makably, that there waa aslmultanootia exclamation nf "Oh ! you seo, there f«"some one in tho cottage, sr» wc shall get In." But a minute afterwards the young; innn returned. As bo had expected, the back-door « us looked, showing tho cottage to be empty. Impos- able! they had jiiBt soon aomo ono huido. Tha nilghbor who bad chargo of the koy was then applied to; tho door was oponed, and ovory eornorof the oottaga < vplorod-lu vain. It consisted of only three rooms, mid thero was but ono other exit, which waa fastened mi the Inside It was thoroforo equally impossible Jh« any one could havo entered or left the cottag« » liliout being soon by the four persons who now felt ii i eagerly 'anxious to solve this mystery. They questioned tho noighbors as to tho personal appoar | unco of tho murdered woman, and it tallied precisely in tho particular!! abovo mentioned with the figura thoy had soon. On tho minds of throo of its wltncsso J that strango ovent produced a powerful offoot ; tha fourth, a young artist, who had turnod the wholo «tory into ridicule boforohand, still ondoavored to haigh It oil'. But wo havo reason to know that ha mbsoquontly confessed himself dooplyand painfully improsscd by an ocourroneo which ho could noith.ee i.uiv, nor reason upon, nor oxplain away. Wo havo very few obiorvations to offer on this story. T.vo things will strike ovory ono'as distinguishing it Ir 'in tliegenerality of supernatural oxporlonooa : tha fact of its happening in still clear daylight, and tha concurrent testimony of no less than four witnoasoa. It may bo objected that tho Imaginations of these per- sons wore propared to rooolve what thoy wont " out into tha wlldornosa for to soo." Butwo havoshowu that in ono atloasttho predisposition was quite tha othor way ; and it is remarkable that, at the momout. thoy nouo of thom connected tho figuro with tha rumor belonging to tho house, or woro In any way disconcerted at its appearance Those aro tho simple) facts. Some readers will acconnt for them, no doubt, in a manner highly satisfactory to themselves, and wa willingly loavo in their hands the solution of a mya« torr which we confess oursolvca unable to oxplain. FIRE IN LoNSDATiE.siBBET -About 9 o'clock last evening, a fire broke out in the shop of Mr. Levy, boot and shoe maker, of 24, Lons dale-streefc west. The City Brigade wera epeedlly on the spot, and the fire was ex- tinguished almost immediately, but not before the shop had been entirely gutted, and the stock, amounting in value, it was reporte! to about £500, destroyed. It appears that the stock and tenement were both insured, the former to the amount of £300. The origin, of the fire is, as usual, involved in obscurity. Mrs. Levy Btates that her husband WOB gona out, and that she was walking about in front of the premises with her child, when soma ono called her attention to some smoke whick was issuing from the house. She had left a candle burning on the table in the backroom«' It is but right to state that the police, on, breaking open tho premises, discovered bat a very small number of pairs of boots, and tha presumption ÍB, that the quantity in stock could not have been so valuable as stated above. The crowd, before the arrival of tha police, broke open .the window of a fruit shop, next door but one, occupied by Mr. Starr, and completely destroyed a largo quantity of 1 pickles and green-grocor's stores, which other- wise would not have been damaged cither by wator or the fire. Some means should surely too udoptod for the prevention of this system of plunder and destruction, which appears in the present instance to havo boen perfectly gratuitous. SHARKS AX WILLIAMSTOWI?.-It was rumored last evening that a Swede, who was bathing 1 near Williamstown, had his leg taken off by a Bhark, and that the wounded man was, with; some difficulty, rescued from the voraolous animal. Another statement was that the maa waslkilled- If truo, the accident should proveí a warning to the adventurous. THE SUIOIDE'AT TIIE|PBINOE GEOBGE Dimxa EOOMS.-Dr. Oandler, the District Coroner, I has adjourned the inqueBt on the body of tha young man who was found dead in his bed at these dining-roouiB until to-day. It appoara that, without any; authority for the aot, tha body has been buried, and it will have to ba disinterrod this morning. The intestines ara in the hands of Dr. Haund, the Government analytical chemist, but it is not anticipated that any very important facts will ba elioited. S,THE MAYO» AND ME DESTITUTE. - Last ovening, the Mayor of Melbourne, while pass« iug by the Post Office, observed some 20 or 33 persons about to take up their lodging thora tor the night, and without any ostensible means of support. His Worship, with much, liberality, took the whole of them to tha Spanish restaurant, in Elisabeth street, and gave them, at his own expense, a hearty meal. He afterwards extended the same charity to Eovoral others. Wo aro at least glad to find that the phase of social destitution in question bas attracted the notice of the chief magia« trate of the city, although we do- not suppo39 his Wotship intends to hold out any pre* minm to the prosecution of mere systematic! vagrancy. Tres AMKOED CASE OF STARVATION OP A Sï'i'Ç'rS'110 in District Coroner, on the body of.the child said to have been starved in Heffernan-lane, has been adjourned till to-morrow, for the produc- tion of further medical evidence. The woman Williamson has been in the meantime ra« inanded to prison: A policeman is stationed at the premises. The house is almost unap Sroachable, owing to the advanced stage of eoomposition ia whioh the body of the da ceased child remains. POET PHILLIP FÍFAUMEES' SOCIETY.-ThU Society's General Annual Exhibition of Grain, Seeds, and Farm Produce is announced to take place In the Olympic Theatre, Lonsdala Btreet.on Thursday next, 18th instant, and, as the building chosen is vory convenient!» situated, we hope to see the Exhibition extensively patronised by all classes Interested In the agricultural progress of the colony. I* accordance with the rules of the Society, th« prize samples of produce at the local exhibi- tions lately held in the Mornington and BaçchUB Marsh districts will be exhibited, and, as successful .exhibitors for the brewers' prizes have given notice of their Intention t« compete, we anticipate seeing an excellent collection of Victorian produce on this occi- sión. The Exhibition is announced to ba open to the pnblic at 11 o'clock a.m., and wa understand His Excellency the Governor is expected to be present. We are requested t» remind intending exhibitors that all entries' (in writing) must be made with the Seoretarw x>n Wednesday, 17th instant, the day previ- ous to the show, and that all articles intonded .foi exhibition must be deposited in the build- ing between the hours of 10 a.m.and i o'oloolç P,m; game day. _ "CONDEMNED CRIMINALS - A warrant has been issued for the execution of the prisoner; Robinson, who was convicted at the Castle- maine Criminal Sessions on charge of murdering his Wife, by throwing her down a deep shaft. The execution is to take placa to-morrow morning. Nothing further han transpired with reference to the criminal Oardanna, or Ferrars, as he is sometime 0 called, who was convicted of murder at tua Sandhurst Sessions. < GAOL BBTOENS.-The following are the re- turns for the past week.-For trial, 23 per- sons ; under sentence of death, 2 ; on tho roads, 17; sentenced to hard labor, IOS; de- tained for imprisonment, C5 ; debtors, 2. Making a total of 214 males and 2 females. During that time there ware 82 persons dis- charged. TUB LATE OONSPIBACÏ -The man Haven, whose name will be remembered as that of the bank clerk implicated with John. Francis in the late conspiracy to da fraud the English, Scottish, and Australian * Chartered Bank, has, by means of a letter " addressed hy him to a gentleman in this town, afforded Borne clue to his discovery. The letter was not dated, but the post-mark was that of Ceylon. The purport of the .Ê.tcr was to ask a gentleman in Melbourne) to forward certain communications to Francis;. As the large reward of £200 has been offered hy the Sank, there is little doubt that owing to this intelligence the runaway will be speedily brought to justice Francis is, at tho present time, in gaol, and has been several times examined at the Insolvent Court con- cerning his estato. MURDER nr AN AnoEíaiKAü - The black: fellow committed by the Police Bench at Harrow, on a charge of murder, was brought down last week in charge of the police, aai lodged in the Portland gaol, to await his t ioi at tbo next Supreme Court sittings. Fortland Guardian. 