'A Miuer's Story. — A gentleraan, Sr. Ulpiano Bulii gas, a Spauiard by birth, and who through his Havannah connections is known to some of the chief mercantile houses in Geelong, Melbourne, and S3'dney, proceeded Troni this town between five and six years ago to Bal limrat. ta nush hia fortunes by mining. With the exception of about a year (during which time ho worked at Brown's, Daisy Hill, Maryborough. &c;), he was actively engaged during tho above considerable portion of a man's middle life as a working share- man on tho deep leads of iho ' Metropolitan gold-field.1' IIo worked on the Eureka, the Black Hill, tho Mupokue, the Red Hill, tho Bed Streak, and latterly, tho Dead Horse Leads. In short, no inconsiderable part of a lustrum of the man's life has been spent, between ono and three hundred feet beneath the earth's surface. He was over and over again at luck's door, but never insido it. During tho Ballaarat riots ho was one of a party working the gutter of a claim opposite tho old Adelphi Theatre ; the gutter was poor, and the gutter was abandoned, but, since them, the reef bus turned out tolerable competencies to two oilier companies consecutively engaged upon it. A year or so afterwards, Sr. Buhigas had the sole right f.nd title to a natch of ground running off the Eureka, which patch he offered (in vaiu) to sell for 51, and which, after he had given it up, proved to he ihe sarao cele brated Caledonian prospecting claim that yiolded within a fow months upwards of 40001 per man: and bo matters went with him, irom year 10 year, mm iiuuiiuj; to tho good, except tho muliininislied visor of robust health. At length, howover, after nearly a twelve month of the hardest and most damaging work known in any claim, even at Ballairat, he met with an acci dent which put a period to his mining labors, and will render him disabled ior life. While he was en gaged in timbering the shaft next to the Boring Com pany at Dead Horso, a heavy piese of planking fell down upon him plump from a height of upwards of 100 feet, and utterly smashed tho whole of his left shoulder. After spending fivo or six week in the Ballaarat Hospital, ho has returned to the town whence he set out five or six years ago ; and 13 now bound for London, and thence— a cripple— home to Spain! — Gcelonrj Daily News. , . , EouiiKRiEs.— Tarrengower will soon, lose its former reputation for an honest locality, for burglaries and robberies are now the rule rather than tho exception. This is in a great measuro attributablo to tho fact of the small police force stationed here, to which wo drew attention a week or two ago. We believo wo have aa active and efficient ofiiier.s a* any in the colony, but three iaen cannot do the work that ten ought to under take. A burglary took place at Eagle Hawk, on Wednesday evening. Mr Schmidt, the butcher, was aroused by hearing a noise in his shop, and on going out found a man in the act of abstracting a quantity of beef. On attempting to capture the robber the latter struggled furiously, and Mr Schmidt was compelled to let him escape. He is, however, supposed to be one Hockey, and a warrant has been issued for his apprehension. — Another robbery occurred also yesterday morning. Mr Felix, the proprietor of the Lounge, Billiard Saloon' in High street, went to breakfast as usual leaving his marker in charge, and also £33 in a trunk which was open. On his return, to his astonishment, ho found the door locked, but concluding that the marker had temporarily absented himself, went away and returned in nbout half an hour. The door beiug still locked, and no sign of the missing marker appearing, Mr Felix got in at the window, and then discovered that the money left in the trunk had been abstracted. A warrant for tho apprehension of Baylies, the marker reforred to, was instantly issued, and information was received that he had been seen on the way to Castlemaine, when a trooper immediately started in pursuit, hut returned without having succeeded in arresting tho fugitive. Thore is little doubt, however, of his ultimate capture, whether he turn out to be the guilty party or not'.— Tarrengower Times. Pbizb Fight by Womes. — Two disreputable women —Ann Smith and Kachael Gough— wero discovered on Sunday morning, in the Pottery- fields, near Liverpool, stripped to the waist and lighting, alter tue most, ap proved fashion of professional pugilists. Their 'fancy men'1 wore acting as seconds. The affiir, it appeared, had been got up by tho men in question, who had b«eu wagerin'- as to the fighting properties and merits of their respective inamoratas. Tho women wero brought before tho local magistrates on Monday, and each committed to prison ior a month.— Ovens Constitution, Daring Burglary. — A very daring ajt of house breaking was committed u few days nge at Mr M'lntosh'u store, Mosquito Plains. Two men con trived during the night to get the inmates out of tho stoi-o on sorao pretence, and then, in their absence, ma naged to ransack thu place. Fortunately they worn alarmed in tho commencement of their operations, and woro obli-ed to make oil' with nothing more than the cnnh-box.° This contained abuut £70 worth of cheques, and some faw articles of jewellery. It appears that the men wore known, and an active search was mado for them without success. A reward of £00 has been offered for their apprehension, but hitherto it has not induced a capture. By all accounts this locality seems to be pretty well supplied with desperate charac ters ; it is to be hoped that the vigilance of tho police will bo found equal to the exigoncy. — Portland Guardian. . Awhay on tiie E0REEA.— A. skirmish between the polico and Botne rowdies on the Eureka took place yesterday (Thursday) evening, which at ono timo threatened to assume an alarming aspect. Information had been given to the police that some men, of tho 'Ould Eurakey' had entered a houso before daylight in tho morning of yesterday and assaulted n person therein, whereupon Constables Doylo and Doghcrty wero despatched to tho spot for the purposo of arrest ing 'the offenders. The officers in question hud euo oeeded in making an arrest near Kuy'a public-house, when they wore pounced upon by a set of cowardly rowdies and beaten, kicked and stoned, so that thoy were compelled to take shelter in an adjoining house, their prisoner being resoued. Meanwhile, a messenger was sent to tho Central Polico Station, and a posse ot men, under Sergeant Lamer, wns at once started for the scene of affray. The rowdies had of course made off but tho police arrested one man, mid last night were on tho look-out for others of tho gang. Iho man arrested will bo brought up this morniiig.— Star. Vancouver's Island.— Wo mot, during Iho pnst week somo iivo or six persons passing through J^yne ton ou their way to Melbourne, wliero they intended to taken passage on board the first vessel bound eUher to California or Vancouver's Island. Most ot theao men wo interrogated as to their object 'in leaving this cjlony, and their views of tho prospect in the newly discovered gold country. They had been tolerably successful hero, auduad accumulated a small capital. Ihey declared, ono and all, that their objeoi iu travelling to this dis tant and, until recontly, all but unknown territory, was the facility with which they could obtain land l^ere. No examplo can 'be stronger of the disposition of people io settle upon the Foil than this ruadine;s to lcavo a country where they had prospered, and to incur the risks, dangers, and privations of no small magnitude, to accomplish a purpose which wise legislation wo'uld lone oince have placed within their reach in this colony ~£yntt-m Qbscmr. » Mvstkrious Aff.up.. — Wo hear from the Wliip»txk that a str.iy horse had fouail his way on 'fiiui-.-id.iy to the Camp Hotel, with saddle and bridle on, n-.id a leather case attached contniuing soino nrliclcs (-i ucar ing apparel. 'l'hcro bcins no police, .unlhing like :-? proper scinch af or (bo ridor could b-) cntervd tipmi without delay, and wheu our inConnant lufi tlio Whipstick the owner Lf the animal hud not been dis covered. — Sendir/o Mercury. ' Count Beidexham an Explorer. — Tho dunr.l tra veller, toivhom I have previously nlluJe.d, proceeds in n day or two to Kchucn, aud thence down the Murray to Adeluidn. After a visit to Sydney, he cou templates returning to Mellioun-R, in time to take his departure by tho next overland mail for Europe. This record reads something like an extract froia the columns of Iho Court Circular, and I should certainly not trouble you with it, were it not that important results are likely to flow from tho ' Count's' visit to these colonies. I nm given to understand that it is his intention, in concert with other European savans possessing the means and influence, ns soon as ho returns to tho Old World, to or ganise nu t-2:ploringexpedilion, thoroughly well equipped. well provisioned, and well provided with men and material, for the purpose of determining what really is the physical character of tho interior of this island con tinent of ours. The sum of £50,000, it is s:iid, will be dedicated to this object, and tho ' Count's' varied ex periences aa a traveller will, no doubt, be brought to bear upon tho projected exploration with equal advan tage to those who will embark in it, and to the interests of science. Of course suoh an expedition will not bo undertaken without tho assistance of the 'ships of tho desert ;' and by their aid we may certainly anticipate that results will be accomplished which have been hitherto utterly impracticable. It will scarcely redound to the credit of tho British race if it should bo reserved for German explorers to map out tho interior of a coun try which is fringed with British colonies. If thero were a chance of fin'liug a market for Manchester cot tonp, Birmingham hardware, aud Staffordshire pottery in tho centre of New Holland, I suppose long ero this we should have 'plucked the heart out of tha mys tery ;' but the love of science does not appear to be so potent on agont with our speculating countrymen ns with our speculative Saxon cousins in Germany, — Cor. of Geelong Daily Nacs Tiie Latest Novelty1. — It is not to bo found in tho passenger list, the manifest, cr tho ship's books of any vessel that has entered this port during the lost twelve month. It is not mentioned in the Customs Bill of Entry, nor is it reforred to in Murray's Prices Current. No merchant has imported it, nor has any tradesman indented it. Yet it must have como over sea, and must, therefore, havo introduced itself surreptitiously, after the most contraband fashion ; fcr it is not indi genous to the soil, nor ' nativo mid to tha manner born.' It belongs to old English country houses, and continoutal chateaux, where there are sliding panels, secret passages, mouldering arras, winking pictures, long-resounding corridors, and all that sort of thing. How can a ghost ho^ otherwise than wosfully out of placo iu our modern, diminutive, gim crack colonial dwellings? Yet tho household of an architect at St. ICilda. htiB been thrown into con sternation, and almost served with, ft notice to quit, by a real old-fashioned orthodox ghost, not visible, but very audible. The n.osb perplexing part of tho story is, that the spectral visitor at St. Kildo, makes his, her, or its appearance, like the shadows of Jacob Marloy, and tho King of Denmark, 'iu the doad waste and middle of the night.' Now, according to that law of contrari eties, by the operation of which Australian lobsters uro white, and do not change color when boiled, swans are black, and circumstsnees which would bo abnormal in the other hemisphere are strictly schn Us regies here ; according to this law, I opine that ghosts in Victoria, should 'walk up and down the streets at noon day,' liko tho human salamander spokeu of by Casca ; whereas tho St. ICilda gliost goes scuffling up and down the stairs, making a terriblo ruBtling with its gastly garments, and a horriblo creak ing with it3 impalpable feet, at midnight; and one terror-atriken domestic has felt the icy touch of its cold hand upon her warm cheek, congealing her young blood and sending a thrill of terror through her frame Each of three servants has left the house in succession, ex pelled by this night- walking ghost ; ami tho spectre is tho talk of tho neighborhood. Now, I think tho ap pearance of tho first spectre in Victoria is an evc.it worth chronicling ; because it opens up a wide vista of romantic incidents, andiuay inspire some future AVal pole, Schiller, or Mrs Kadcliffe to yt ritu a good ghostly romanco, for tha delectation of the imaginative and tho credulous.— Ger. of Geelong Daily News. Keid's Cheek. — Tho effect of tho late floods is felt as much- on lleid's Crack as on any other portion of thin gold- field. Tlio damage dono by them 1ms been immense. Claims flooded, duins broken down, tools swept away ; thero is scarcely a paity on tho creek who has not suffered moro or less, whilst iu somo instances tho loss, we fear, will bo irreparable. Porhap3 that portion of tho creek neur the upper falls has bcon moro unforlunato than any other. M'Koowin a, Koss s, and M'Luckio's parties havo each been heavy losers. M'Convillo's party also experienced n moro than ordinary share of tho misfortune, principally, wo aro given to understand, through tho carelessness of tho superintendent, who neglected to kcop Iho flood-raco cle ir. Too much caro in this respect cannot be exer cised by claiuiholders during tho winter -mouths, especially as the result of negligence in ono instanco may fall quite as [heavy ou all the neighboring claims. Mr Ferguson's party, nnd many others, have also been heavy losers, aiid it will take no littlo time and money to place Reid's Crook in its former comparatively flourishing position. — Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Tun New Mining Regulations.— Already (complains a correspondent writing from Fryer's Creek) thero huvo been from twenty to thirty applications for grants of sites for mining purposes, under tho now rules, but iu consequenco of the remissneas of tho Board of Mines, or the Government, to furnish the schedules necessary to bo placed upon tho pieces of ground about to bo applied for, the applicants have had their trouble aiid journeys to the Warden's office in vain. Thus iustead of minors being afforded every facility in their mining operations, they arc put to unnecessary loss of timo, trouble nnd expense, which is really too bad. — Mount A lc.cant.lcr Mail. P.EATA I'ROJi Burning at M'lvon. — On Suudny, a man of tho name of Qeo. liowor, obtained a hottlo of spirits, which ho took into his tent, oppositn the Mount Ida. Hotel, and got himself into auoh a state of in toxication that when a man went into his tent yesterday morning (Monday) ho found him lifeless on hia stretcher, with h?s pipo and a candlo botween his legs, nnd tha lower part of his person burnt so dreadfully that bin bowels were actually protruding. — Bendigo Advertise: BisoU'LlNE. — On tlio 7th of May, an individual in plain clothes was entering tho Governor'u Mace, Malta, with a lighted cigar, when he wns stopped by tho sentry, with an intimation that his orders wero not to allow smoking. Tho individual referred to signified that ho was tho Governor, Sir John Gaspard La Alar chant. This, however, had no other etlect than to innko the sentry moro firm in the execution of his duty, and his Excellency wns under the necessity of casting away his much cherished ' Havannah.' During tho day, tho order, board was withdrawn, and a new ouo issued from the Town-Mnjor's oiiice, with the omission of tha objectionablo prohibition. — Illustrated News. Accident to the Diuvjsr oi' the Heatiicote Mail. —We are Burry to have to record a serious accident which occurred to Mr Kamsay, the driver of the Heath coto mail, on tho passago from fhifc placo to Sand hurst. 'When within about u iiiilo of the Axedalo Hotol the axlo broke, and tho horso beiug startled immediately bolted, breaking the vohiclo to pieces in a short lime. Luckily there were no passenger:), or tho consequences might havo been much moro serioug, but aa it was the driver fractured one of his le'gs. He was conveyed to tho Axedalo Hotel, where ho now lies, but wo aro not in a position to say whether in a dangerous stato or not. The mail, which was delivered in good time, was brought into Sandhurst by Mr Costollo.-— Bendigo Advertiser. RonnKttV. — A few days ago wo reported that a Chinaman had been 'stuck-up' botween Two and Threo Milo Creeks, nnd robbed. Yesterday two men named Itault and Haughton wero brought up at tho Police Court, charged with tho offonoo. Jiault is a well- known i'neo to the police, and it wns not difficult to recognise him yesterday, notwithstanding that ho had reli'evod himself of a fiue pair of bushy whiskers. Ho has hitherto been lucky in escaping punishment by some means or other; ho was, bowover, yesterday committed for trial. Thero wnri not, however, miflicicut evidence to ensure a. comn.-ittal of Huughton, who was discharged. — Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Tin: BucklARD Cr 'U- SwiNDLU.—It will bo seen by our Police Report Unit A Gee, ouo of tl.o Chinnmen chared with swindling Iho Oriental Bunk at Iho Bockl'ind out of £-130 by fraudulent l:o1(1 deposit ' re ceipt?, has arrived in Ik-echworlli, .-''I u»s been re manded for seven days. Tho prisoner is u inild featured, intelligent looking Chinaman.— Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Tho annual meeting of the Union Bank of Scotland was held on Thursday, at Glasgow. Tho report, which was adopted, states that, notwithstanding Iho great losses suflerrd during tho late nimi:cial crisis, tha profits for tho past year amounted to i'US.OOl), which wmild yield a dividend of 9 per cent., v/ith a. reserve of £(3000. The 'r.-st' n-re.-iijia at £200,000; the amount of deposits being £7,500,000. 