RUSSIA AND ENGLAND. (From the Univers.) We have shown the decisive tendency which Russia, by its predonderance in Asia, is securing for itself in Europe. One of our German corres pondents recently observed that Pansclavonism was merely a dream — it is now abandoned. The reality surpasses the audacity of the dream ! What member separated from the. Sclavonic body . . will be refused to the powerful chiefs who would desire to claim it? or, who would not himself, yielding to the most irresistible attractions, ally himself with that power, that splendour, that triumph? If we calculate on patriotism, the people have unlearnt it in the .revolutionary schools ; and it will not prevail against the call of an anterior nationality, too capable of fascinating the instinct of race, if we calculate on that second and more powerful nationality which religion knows how to elicit, and the auostacy of the revo lution has provided for it. What has become of religion? What has been done with it, and what has been allowed to be done with it? between the revolutionary illusionism of the demagogues and the baseness of the apostates, what has become of the Catholicism of a great portion of Poland 1 In a very few years hence no human power will be able to hinder Russia from having in her Asiatic harbours a hundred vessels oS the line and inexhaustible armies, thoroughly sheltered and protected from all attack. It is then when it will engulph India; thence the force will set out which will subjugate Asia ; there lie the powerful means that will realise the chimera of Pansclavonism. Such, then, is the rival that England baa to encounter in Asia; nnd humanity ought to ac compiny her in her aspirations, if her ambition were enlightened by V uth ; for then that ambi tion, being restrained anil purified, would d-sire that truth should reign and that the world should become Christian. In the midst of those icebergs ,'mdsnows, which religion has so slowly penetrated, we shall one day see an advanced Charlemagne rise, who would be Emperor of the world. His swor.l would open every passage, cause every rampart t'i fall, strike down every monster, dissi pate every darkness; by his means the Gospel would no longer have any but a free and unob structed path. In his powerful hand Ue woutd ' ttx reality carry tbe globe, crowned at length wit! Cross of Our Saviour. ? ;; But although the ambition of Russia is- of a- character incomparably- mure elevated than that of England, although she does not reject the Cross, but on the contrary nobly makes it her standard ; yet her ambition is fully as formidable to the' world, threatens it with quite as many catas trophes and abasement!). England is a trafficker, Russia a despot. As the former desires gold, the latter desires souls: the Christ whom Russia adores is not the One that gave himself to all I nations, it is her Christ alone, the one whose Pontiff she is, whose sole vicar her Emperor pro claims himself, and the Cross before which she teaches the entire human race to prostrate itself is neither more nor less than the point of the sword. If Russia wrests the universe from the trafficking nation that sells poison wrapped up in the leaves of an empoisoned Bible, she will impose upon tbe world her pope on horseback, surrounded with armies worse than barbarians, engirt with spies, learned men and executioners, and on whose crown in place of the dove she will place the eagle, who has two beads to devour all, as the cross has two arms to embrace all. England says to the rest of the world ? enrich me; Russia will say to it ? worship me; and the pride of domination, implacable and ever insatiable like the thirst for gold, will equal it in wickedness. It is on this account that Russia as well as England will be foiled in her attempt. Should the former conquer to the extent of her desire and swallow up all her prey, her prey thus devoured would choke her. ? Against England, should it carry off the spoil,' tbe interests of others would rise in antagonism ; against Russia, conscience would start up in re bellion. Tbe Emperor of Russia will never be the univeral Emperor, because he will never be a Catholic Emperor. All his power will not prevent his continually encountering hearts resolved to adore God alone. In vain will he capture king doms at a running speed, even as people gather deserted nests in the field ; his sword, which was to carve out empires, will be blunted and shattered where every sword has snapped, upon the head of those who, whilst respecting earthly powers, nevertheless obey them only to obey Jesus Christ. 0, we are in no trouble about the final issue. Once more yet the persecutor shall drown himself in the blood of martyrs; high though his throne be he will find blood enough to submerge it. He will not shed a drop more than that measure which God ordains, nnd the naked feet of those who bear the Gospel will calmly travel on the route constructed by bis soldiers. Bear down the sea, then, with the weight of your vessels, and terrify the earth with the din of your armies ; the earth and 'the sea are tbe Lord's ; one bark alone is sure never to suffer shipwreck, Peter is the sole monarch who will preserve his crown. But whilst awaiting this result — a result from God— who is there that will be equally affected by tbe anger or tbe clemency of God without seeing that' France ought to pprlorm a pavt as important for herself as for the world— a part capable of converting into benedictions the malisons which are impending ? And mean while, who is it that does not clearly see that France, in the nositinn whinh thp revolutions have created for her, is wanting in this mission of glory and compassion by thus forcibly remaining merely a spectatress of a combat in which the destinies of Europe as well as those of the world are involved. In our next article we shall examine this lainful st.ite of things. We shall speak without fear on the dictates of conscience, as we have thus far spoken on the dictates of fact. We desire to effect a good, and we believe that no elevated mind will misapprehend our object. Every one knows that the Univers is not a party journal, that they who conduct it are not party men, and if we take counsel with our conscience only, we consult that, at all events, seriously. Besides, whom can we offVnd V The bitterness and the difficulties of the 'situation' are the result of a concatenation of anterior errors, in which ideas were more in fault than men, and the responsi bility of which the present generation, though it has to bear no burden of them, may for variom reasons justly decline. Our means of emerging from tbis painful condition are incomparably better than they have been for the last ten years past, or than they would be if things during that period bad followed the course in which they were proceeding. France has now a head ; power is concentrated in a strong and firm hand; bis action is not crossed and contravened by an inordinate and confused multitude of counsels and influences, and great things are, therefore, still possible. Mr. Maguike, M. P., on the Defeat. — The honorable member for Dungarvan writes the following graphic letter to his paper, the Cork Examiner : — ' The scene of this evening beat every thing of the kind I ever saw before. Do not sup pose that it required the irresponsible evidence of Sir James Outram to turn the scale, for it had been turned already. The Government had from twenty to twenty-five majority before that paper was printed. But only imagine the absurdity of the Reform Club people, who affected to believe that Canning's reply to Sir James Outram, and indeed the remonstrance of the latter, made the case 'stronger against the Government.' I have actu ally heard a dozen Irisn liberals coolly make this assertion, and ' pooh pooh' the motion of confisca tion. Some few admitted the confiscation, but justified it on the plea that ' these fellows had cut up babbies, and killed women.' The Sepoys, no doubt, committed atrocities for which they deserve the extremeat penalties ; but the talookdars, chiefs, zeimnuars, and landed proprietors, as well as tne people of Oude, did nothing of the kind, and were as much entitled to respect as any enemy with whom the English had ever been engaged in war. When the first resolution was brought forward, I estimated the Liberal Irish vote at fourteen, but it would not have exceeded eleven. In fact, almost from the first, men had fully declared their inten tions, either at the meetings of the Liberal party, or in conversation. It is only fair to the Irish non confiscatory that their names should be given. These were Blake, Bowyer, Brady, Ennis, Green, Heard, Maguire, M'Mahon, M'Evoy, O'Donoghoe, and Sullivan. I do not think there was another man that was not going with Card well, or rather in support of a distinguished public servant, and for the maintenance of the British empire in India. Of course, there was not a thought of the return of the Whigs to office. Finding the game up, the next game was to get out of the mess as best they could ; nnd accordingly an effort was made to break the disgraceful defeat by the dignified retreat. And so several 'independent' Liberals rose in their places, amidst the jeers of all who knew what was ill the wind, to advise that the debate should be concluded, enough having been done for the vindi cation of Lord Canning's honour, &c;, as you may see in the debate. It was with difficulty that the rank and file of the Tories was kept within decent bounds. :As it wan, nothing could be more irrita ting than Dizzy's quiet smile, or the happy, oheer. fill air of Will pole | it was worse to endure than the broad grin of Taylor, and - Mowbray, and JollilTe, and the less reserved officials whosat in front of the defeated and bafBed Cnrdwellites. Hayter, who was ao insolently: jolly in the early stage of tbe debate, wua mute, sad, and altogether thunder-stricken. Tho desertion of a meritorious publics servant by the House of Commons evidently went to his heart. Now and then savage yells of triumph were given forth by the back benches of the raimateriiil side — swelled by tho English Radicals and tbe Irish brigade — ascluuisy attempts were made by 1- id Paluieralon and others to treat the matter in a frank and kl.idly spirit. Poor Sir .Richard Bethel! shrank from the ghost of his insolent speech of a' few hours before, and was barely visible in the shadow of the Speaker's chair. And as for Curd well — who is by no. means the worst of the lot — his ears were as red as his face, and both were of a warmer hue than his hair. A boarding-school miss, who had teen caught in some characteristic little trick by a keen-eyed and austere guardian of female youth, coulj not have looked half so shame-faced. But the aspect of tho mun who were said to form the materials of the ' wider basis' — that was too deplorable to ? describe. They were -crushed— flut as pancaVes— utterly done — not ^orth ? picking; out of the mud1 into, which tliey.had boea dragged or hud helped to bury themselves^ fri fact,, never, was there a more complete and utter smash/' 