ON THE PAYMENT OF DEBTS. Text. If ye are honest, honorable men, Go ye and-- pay the printer. Aros My Hearers There are many seeming trifles in this world which you are too apt to overlook on account of their apparent importance, the neglect of which has plunged thousands into the deepest mire of misery, and sunk their characters into inextricable degradation. Among these ostensible trifles, that of neglecting to pay one's honest debts is the most common, and attended with the worst of consequences. It takes off all the silken furze from the fine threads of feelings creates a sort of misanthropic coldness about the heart skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon the milk of generosity-and makes man look as savagely upon his brother man as does a dog upon one of his species while engaged in the gratifying employment of eating his master's dinner. One debt begets another. I have always observed that he who owes a man a dollar is sure to owe him also a grade j and he is always more ready to pay compound interest on the latter than on the former. Oh, my friends, to be over head and ears in love is as bad a predicament as a person ought ever to be in but to be so deeply in debt that you can't sleep of nights without being haunted by the ghost of some insatiate creditor, is enough to give a man the hydrophobia-make him bite a wheelbarrow cause it to run mad, and create a general consternation among the lamp-posts. My dear friends-the debt that sits heaviest on the conscience of a mortal provided he has one-is the debt due the printer. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the nightmare-galls the soul-frets and chases every ennobling sentiment squeezes all the juice of fraternal sympathy from the heart, and leaves it drier than the surface of a roasted potato. A man who wrongs the printer out of a single cent can never expect to enjoy comfort in this world, and may well have doubts of finding happiness in any other. He will be sure to go down to the grave ere Time shall have bedecked his brow with the silvery blossoms of age and the green leaves of hope will fall before the first bud of enjoyment has expanded. It is true the mushrooms of peace may spring up during a short night of forgetfulness, but they will all wither beneath the scorching rays of remorse. How can you, my friends, over have the wickedness and cruelty to cheat the printer, when you consider how much he has done, and is every day doing for you. He has poured into the treasuries of your minds some of the most valuable gifts that anything short of a God can bestow ; ay, riches with which you would not part for the possession of the whole world and a mortgage on a small corner of heaven. With the keys of magic, as it were, he has opened the iron-cased doors of the human under- standing dispelled the darkness of ignorance, and lit up the lamps of knowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine the Press-is surrounded by the glory, and its effulgence extends all over the broad empire of the mind, illuminating M id6rJfítíusí2flJoH88J>Í_tjhe. heartening lever on" this soul-enlightening instru- ment-is often robbed of his hard-earned bread by those whom he has delivered from mental bondage, and placed in a paradise to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labors ! Oh, you ungrateful sinners! if you have hearts moistened with the dews of mercy, instead of gizzards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto you. If there be one among you in this congregation whose account is not settled with the printer, go and adjust it name mediately, and be able to be your head up in society like a- giraffe ; be respected by the wise and the good-free from the tortures of a guilty conscience-the mortification of repeated duns-and escape from falling into the clutches of those licensed theives, the lawyers. If you are honest and honorable man, you will go forthwith and pay the printer. You will not wait for the morrow-because there is no to-morrow : it is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises : an added. egg in the great nest of the future : the debtor's hope and the creditor's curse. If you are dishonest, low minded sons of Satan, I don't suppose you will ever pay the printer, as long as you have no reputation to lose no character to sustain and no morals to call tivate. But, let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it your paths to the tomb will be strewn with thorns you will have to gather your daily food from brambles-your children will die of the dysentery, and you yourselves will never enjoy the blessings of health. I once called on a sick person whom the doctors had given up as a gone ease. I asked him if he had made his peace with his Maker ? He said he thought he had squared up. I enquired if he had forgiven all his enemies? He replied, yes. I then asked him if he had made his peace with his printer? He hesitated for a moment, and then said he believed he owed him something like about two dollars and fifty cents, which he desired to have paid before he bid good-bye to the world. His desire was immediately gratified and from that moment he became convalescent. He is now living in the enjoyment of health and prosperity at peace with his own conscience, his God, and the whole world. Let this be an example to you, my friends. Patronize the printer : take the papers : pay for them in advance and your days will be long upon the earth, and overflowing with the honey of happiness. My hearers ! pay all your debts and keep an honorable reckoning with your fellow men ; but, above all, keep paying by daily instalments, that everlasting debt of gratitude which you owe to Him from whom you obtained capital sufficient to begin the first transaction of life is so that, when you come to balance accounts at the day of general settlement, all things may appear fair and above board ? So mote it be From, Sermons by Bow, jim Printed and Published by the Proprietor, LAWS Swan, at the Courier GenerotOPrintinj; Office! G.#org«.Bteret, North Brisbane. 