li" ~'"%ütm$ cXttwg.' ." { PLEASE TO LEAVE YOUR M [ BRELLA. I J. have a visit the other day to the palace at Hampton Court. I may have had no little reason for being in the best < humours with the Palace at Hampton (Court ; but that little reason is neither here (ah ! I wish it were here !) me there. I In the readiest of moods for complying with any civil request, I was met, in the entrance hall of the public apartments ; Hampton Court, by the most obliging c policemen, who requested me to leave an umbrella in his custody at the foot of the stairs. Most willingly," said I, "fe my umbrella is very wet." So the policeman hung it on a rack, to drip on the stone floor with the sound of an irregular clock, and gave me a card of authority to reclaim it when I should come on again. Then, I went prosperously through the long suites of deserted rooms, nor looking at the pictures, and now leaning over the broad old window seats an looking down into the rainy old gardens with their formal gravel walks, clipper trees, and trim turf banks-gardens with court-suits on. There was only one other visitor (in very melancholy boots) a Hampton Court that blessed day who soon went his long grave way, alternate 1 dark in the piers and light in the window and was seen no more. " I wonder," said I, in the manner of the Sentimental Journey, "I wonder Yorick, whether, with this little reason: in my bosom, I should over want to get out of these same interminable suites c rooms, and return to noise and bustle It seems to me that I could stay here very well until the grisly phantom on the pack horse came at a gallop up the staircase seeking me. My little reason should make of these queer dingy closet room these little corner chimney-pieces the above tier, this old blue china of squa shapes, these dreary old state bedstead with attenuated posts, nay, dear Yorick,' said I, stretching forth my hand toward a stagnant pool of blacking in a frame " should make even of these very work of art, an encompassing universe of beauty; and happiness. The fountain in the star red and white courtyard without (for we had turned that angle of the building would never fall too monotonously on mi ear, the four chilled sparrows now flutter ing on the brink of its basin would never chirp a wish for change of weather, in bargeman on the rain-speckled river in wayfarer rain-belated under the leafless; trees in the park, would ever come into my fancy as examining in despair those swollen clouds, and vainly peering for my of sunshine. I and my little reason Yorick, would keep house here, all our lives, in perfect contentment and when we died our ghost should make of this dull palace the first building ever haunted happily !" I had got thus far in my adaptation of the Sentimental Journey when I was recalled to my senses by the visible presence of the Blacking which T just now mentioned. " Good heaven !" I cried with a start j "now I think of it, what a number of articles that policeman below stairs required me to leave with him !" " Only an umbrella. He said no more than, Please to leave your umbrella." " Faith, Yorick," I returned, " he insisted on my putting so much valuable property into my umbrella, and leaving it all at the foot of the stairs before I entered on the contemplation of many of these pictures, that I tremble to think of the extent to which I have been dis ported. That policeman demanded of me, for the time being, all the best bumps in my head. Form, color, size, proportion, distance, individuality, the true perception of every object on the face of the earth or the face of the Heavens, he insisted on my leaving at the foot of the stairs before I could confide in the catalogue. And now I find the moon to be really made of green cheese ; the sun to be a yellow water or a little round blister ; the deep wild sea to be a shallow series of slate- colored festoons turned upside down ; the human face divine to be a smear ; the whole material and immaterial universe to be sticky with treacle and polished up with black- ing. Conceive what I must be, through all the rest of my life, if the policeman should make off with my umbrella and never restore it ! 1 Filled with the terrors of this idea, I retraced my steps to the top of the stairs, and looked over the hand-rail for my precious property. It was still keeping time on the stone pavement like an irregular clock, and the policeman (evidently possessed by no dishonest spirit) was reading a newspaper. Calved and composed, I resumed my musing way through the many rooms. Please to leave your umbrella. Of all the Powers that get your umbrella from you, Taste is the most encroaching and insatiate. Please to put into your umbrella, to be deposited in the hall until you come out again, all your powers of comparison, all your experience, all your individual opinions. Please to accept with this ticket for your umbrella the individual opinions of some other person- age whose name is Somebody, or Nobody, or Anybody, and to swallow the same without a word of demur. Be so good as to leave your eyes with your umbrellas, gentlemen, and to deliver up your private judgment with your walking sticks. Apply this ointment, compounded by the learned Dervish, and you shall see no end of camels going with the greatest care through needles' eyes. Leave your umbrella full of property, which is not by any means to be poked at this collection with the police, and you shall acknowledge, whether you will or no, this hideous porcelain ware to be beautiful, these wearisomely still and unimaginative forms to be graceful, these coarse clubs to be masterpieces. Leave your umbrella and take up your gentility. Taste pro- claims to you what is the genteel thing ; receive, it and be genteel 1 Think no more of your umbrellas be they the care of the Police of Scotland Yard ! Think no more for yourselves-he you the care Of the Police of Tarte I t ii letter was! in Tiflis -area j city ? , I protest that the very tax-gatherer does not demand so much of me as the 'Powers who demand my umbrella. The tax-gatherer will not allow us to wear" hair-powder unmolested ; but the. Um- brella gatherer will not allow me to wear my head. The tax-gatherer takes toll of my spade ; but the Umbrella gatherer will not permit me to call my spade a spade. Longinus, Aristotle, Doctor Waagen, and the Musical Glasses, Parliamentary Commissions, the Lord Knows Who, Marlborough House, and the Bromp- ton Boilers, have declared my spade to be a mop-stick. A I must please to give up my umbrella and believe in the most stick. Again. The moral distinctions, and the many remembrances, and balances of This and That, which I am required by other authorities to put into my so often demanded umbrella and to leave in the lobby, are as numerous as the Barnacle family. It was but a sessions or two ago that I went to the gallery at the Old Bailey, to hear a trial. Was my umbrella all that I was called upon to leave behind me, previous to taking my seat ? Certainly not. I was requested to put so many things into it that it became, though of itself a neat umbrella, more bulky than Mrs Game's. I found it insisted upon that I should cram into this unfortunate article all weighty compari- sons I had ever made in my life between the guilt of laying hands upon a pound of scraggy mutton, and upon hundreds of thousands of pounds of sterling money. I found it insisted upon that I should leave with my umbrella before I went into court any suspicions I had about me (and I happened to have a good many), that distortion and perversion of the truth, plainly for the purpose of so-much gain, and for the enhancement of a professional reputation were to be observed there outside the dock and beyond the prisoner. I found myself required to take a ticket, conventionally used in that place, in exchange for my natural perception of many painfully ludicrous things that should' have become obsolete long ago. Not that I complain of this particular demand at the door for otherwise how could I have borne the fearful absurdity of the judge being unable Í" discharge the last awful duty of his office without putting on a strange little com- real but, only used for the dismissal of a blood-stained soul into eternity? Or how could I have withheld myself from bursting out into a fit of laughter, which would have been contempt of court, when the same exalted functionary and two virtuous counsel (I never in my life had the pleasure of hearing two gentlemen talk so much virtue) wore grimly clean sand on the dressing-up in woollen wigs of certain Negro singers, whose place of entertainment had been innocently the scene of a manslaughter. While the exalted functionary himself, and the two virtuous counsel themselves, were at that very moment dressed up in woolly, wigs, to the full as false and ridiculous as any theatrical was in the world, only" taxis were not of the negro colour ' But, when I went to the Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons, I had a greater load to leave with my umbrella than Christian had to lay down in the i Pilgrim's Progress. The difference between Black and White, which is really a very large one, and enough to burst any umbrella, was the first thing I had to force into mine. And it was well forme that this was insisted on by the police, or how could I have escaped the sergeant-at-arms when the very same member, who on the last occasion of my going to the very same place I had with my own ears heard announce with, the profoundest emo- tion that he came down to that house expressly to lay his hand upon his heart and declare that black was white, and there was no such thing as black, now announced with the profoundest emotion that he came down to that house expressly to lay his hand upon his heart and declare that white was black and there was no such thing as 'white? If you have such an article about you (said the umbrella-maker to me in effect as the distinction between very ill-con- structed common places, and sound patriotic facts, you are requested to leave it at the door here By all means, said I You have there a noun of multitude or signifying many, called the country ; please to put that too, in your umbrella. -Willingly, said I Your belief that public opinion is not the lobby of this place and the bores of the clubs, will>be much in your way, and everybody else's hereabouts j please to leave thaHikewiae. Your are welcome to it, said I But I am bound to admit that, thus denuded, I passed quite a pleasant evening ; which I am certain I could not have done, if I had been allowed to take my umbrella and its cumbrous contents in with me'. Please to leave your umbrella. I have gone into churches where I have been required to leave my umbrella in a sham mediaeval porch with hundreds of eventful years of history squeezed in anning its ribs. I have gone into public assemblages of great pretensions oven into assemblages gathered together under the most sacred of names- and my umbrella filled to the handle with my sense of i Christian fairness and moderation, had been taken from me at the door. All through life, according to my personal experience, I must please leave my umbrella, or I can't go in. I had reached this point and was about to apostrophise Yorick once more, when a civil voice requested me, enabling tones, to " claim my umbrella." I might have done that, without a ticket, as there was no other on the rack in the hall at Hampton Court Palace, whither I had now worked my way round by another course, without knowing it. However, I gave back my ticket, and got back my umbrella, and then I and my little reason went dreaming away under its shelter through the fast-falling ' spring rain, which had a sound in it that day like the rustic of the coming summer Household Words. ' ' \- ??? ?- .,,,.,. i pass Printed and Published by the Proprietor, JiMM I Swan, at the Courier General Printing Office, ,, .awge-iteretî North Bxtíbttíh "'' <. -5 f'T/va«b;r.'»ßi'ri with. iron 