X11.-RELIGIOUS MOVEMENTS. The visit of Mr. Binney to South Australia was referred to in our last Summary, but since the date of our last publication many events have occurred of a nature scarcely anticipated when we then wrote. A movement has been set on foot, His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief and the Cabinet generally, being at the head of it, for making use of Mr. Binney's visit as an occasion for a union, within certain limits, of the Episcopal and the Non-Episcopal Protestant denominations. A grand public banquet was given to Mr. Binney in Adelaide, the Governor in-Chief and various leading members of the community identifying themselves with the demonstration. Mr. Binney made a long and eloquent speech, in the course of which he referred to various important papers that had passed between himself, the Governor-in-Chief, the Bishop of Adelaide, and other gentlemen on the subject. The report of the proceedings at the banquet, together with all the letters, and other documents have been collated at the office of this paper, and published in the form of a pamphlet; but the following are of such great importance that we need offer no apology for their introduction in this place. We, therefore, republish them as they originally appeared in the South Australian Advertiser. ON THE UNION OF PROTESTANT EVANGELICAL CHURCHES. To the Editor of the ADVERTISER. Sir-You will oblige me, and many others, I believe, if you can find room in an early number of your paper for the insertion of the following letters. They will explain themselves. I would only beg leave to say, that it is with anything- but comfortable feelings that I suffer to stand and to go before the public certain expressions in the letters to me complimentary to myself. It is thought best, however, that the documents should be given without any alteration or omission, and in the reasons assigned for this I feel compelled to acquiesce. I am, &c;, T. BINNEY. Felixstow, October 22, 1858. No. I. THE REV. T. BINNEY TO THE RIGHT REVEREND THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. Felixstow, October 21,1858. My Lord Bishop - The letter which your lordship addressed to me "on the union of Protestant Evangelical Churches," with its accompanying note ofthe 4th instant, reached me on the evening of the 5th, the day on which you were to leave Adelaide " on a five weeks' tour." I felt myself in a difficulty to know what to do, either in the way of simply acknowledging the receipt of the document or of addressing to your lordship such remarks in reply as the study of it might suggest. I was at the time, and have been ever since, quite unable to give it that attention which its importance demanded-at least so far as writing lor your lordship's eye or with a view to pub- lication, what might occur to me on carefully weighing its principles and suggestions. I mention publication, because it appeared to me that there was internal evidence in your Lordship's letter that this was contemplated by yourself, and because I thought that this was the only mode by which any practical result would be likely to issue from the discussion which you had initiated. Your Lordship's absence, the prospect of my soon having to leave the colony, and the circumstances in which I was placed by the pressure of engagements, all concurred in leading me to think that the most respectful course I could pursue would be to wait till I had leisure fully to enter into the subject of your letter ; to send you my thoughts, and then to ask you to concur in a joint publication which might bring the whole matter before those whom it more immediately concerned. I have been induced, however, to anticipate your Lordship's consent to such a course, by a series of circumstances, which I beg to be permitted to detail somewhat minutely, not doubt- ing but that you will become a willing " accessory after the fact" to what I am about to do. On the evening of the 7th inst., the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock, in seconding a vote of thanks after a lecture which I had delivered on the Life of St. Paul, alluded, before a crowded audience, much to my surprisse, to a matter whieh he knew of, which he was not at liberty particularly to mention, but which was interesting in itself and might have important results or something to that effeet. I was aware to what he referred, and thought he meant that your letter was about to be pub- lished. On enquiring of him, however, it that were the case, I found that this was not his meaning, though I was not mis- taken in concluding that he was acquainted with what your Lordship had written. So public an allusion to the subject, coupled with the fact that I had mentioned (and very natu- rally) to some of my friends that I had received from your Lordship a long letter on Christain [Christian] Union, excited attention, stimulated curiosity, and led to conjectures and enquiries which found expression in the journals of the day. Your letter was directed to me at Government House, as I was then on a visit of a few days to Sir Richard and Lady MacDonnell. Sir Richard expressed a wish to be favored with a sight of it - a wish with which I felt your Lordship would yourself have readily complied. In sending it to him, which I did last week, I requested him to oblige me by jotting down anything that might occur to bim on its perusal, "for," I said, "we ecclesiastics, all of us, no matter to what denomi- nation we may belong, are in the habit of looking at certain subjects from a narrow stand-point, and in lights dimmed and darkened by our traditions. I should really like, there- fore, if only as a matter of curiosity, to see how the questions raised by His Lordship shape themselves to the mind of a liberal and intelligent layman." On Monday morning last I was greatly surprised to find in the newspaper a public in- timation that a memorial to your Lordship, headed by His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, soliciting the opening of your pulpits, in my person, to ministers of other bodies, was in your absence, to be presented to the Dean and Chapter. Calling upon Sir Richard that day. as I had arranged to do, to receive back your manuscript, I found that he had had an interview, previously to his seeing me, with the Dean and the Archdeacon, and had read to them a letter to myself which he had penned on the perusal of your Lordship's. He then said that the two gentlemen referred to, Dean Farrell and Archdeacon Woodcock, were alike of opinion that the publication of both documents would be productive of good, and that they recommended such publication. I was so much engaged during the re- mainder of the day that I could not call as I wished to do, on either the Dean or the Archdeacon, but the next morn- ing I wrote and dispatched the following note : "Beaumont, October 19, 1858. "Itcverend and dear Sir - When I saw His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, yesterday, he intimated to me, as I un derstood him, that the Dean and yourself had expressed a wish for the publication of the Bishop's letter to me, and his own. Unfortunately, his Lordship's absence prevents my applying to himself on the subject, as it has hitherto pre- vented my writing to him at all. From your having alluded, however, publicly, to the existence of his letter, I think it likelv that you are in possession of the Bishop's mind in relation to it. Both the letters are exceedingly interesting, and their publication, I cannot doubt, would do much good ; but I could not publish what to me is as yet a private docu- ment. May I enquire whether you have authority to sanction the publication? The letter seems to have been meant for publication ; have you power to give me liberty to print it? " I am, dear Sir, " Yours, very respectfully, "T. BINNEY. "To the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock." To this note I received the following reply : " Parsonage, Christchurch, October 19. " Rev. and dear Sir - In answer to the enquiry contained in your letter of this morning's date, I beg to say that I have no authority to sanction the publication of the Bishop's letter. I am, however, aware that His Lordship is quite pre- pared for its being made public, although I have reason to believe that he did not originally contemplate such event. "Both the Dean and myself are still of opinion that its publication, together with that of the Governor's, would do good. " I am, rev. and dear Sir, - "Yours respectfully, " W. J. WOODCOCK. "The Rev. Thomas Binney." Yesterday morning (Wednesday), at the public breakfast which then took place, I passed the Archdeacon's note to Sir Richard MacDonnell, with the question "Could I act on this?" to which he wrote, in reply, "I should think so, and would recommend it." Such, my Lord, were the circumstances which, up to yesterday morning, transpired relative to the publication of your letter. The thought did not originate with me, though, when it was suggested by your friends, I endeavoured to ascertain how far I should be justified in acting upon it. I do not think, however, I should have ventured to act upon it, even though fortified by the opinions and recommendations of such high authority as those referred to, but for the considera- tion which I shall now state. At the public meeting yesterday morning, the proceedings of which have been very fully re- ported, such frequent allusions were made to your 'Lordship's sentiments, especially as contained in your letter to myself, that I think it becomes due to your Lordship that what you have really said should be seen. It may be supposed that you have gone further than you have, or meant to do, or than your words imply; and the shortest way of ascertaining whether this be the case, and the most equitable towards your Lordship, is for those who are interested in the subject to have the means of judging for themselves. I am sure your Lordship will appreciate this motive, and would probably have been satisfied had I stated nothing else; but so anxious am I not to do what might seem improper, that I have thought it right, and due to myself, to set forth, with something I fear of tedious minuteness, the various circum- stances which have been operating for some days past. I re- gret that I cannot append to your letter the thoughts which it has suggested to my own mind, and the remarks which some points in it seem to demand. I propose to give it my best attention, and to embody my reflections and views on the two letters in a small pamphlet, as soon as I can command the requisite leisure. In the meantime the public mind of South Australia is so inte- rested in the subject, and so excited by recent occurrences, that I think it best not longer to withhold from it what so many are anxious to see ; the publication of which, like the writing of it-to use your Lordship's own words-" will not, I hope, widen if it does tend to bridge the gap that separates Christians ecclesiastically, though not, it is to be hoped, spiritually, nor for ever." It may not be improper to say one or two things before I conclude, to avoid misconception with respect to myself. A very few words must suffice for the present. I beg, then, to assure your Lordship that while I highly admire the kind and Christian feeling that prompted your communication, and cordially sympathise in the desires and aspirations after more visible union to which you have given utterance, I greatly fear that the " idea" you entertain and would seek to realize includes too much ; and not only too much, but that it has that in its elements which must be softened or lost sight of before it can find acceptance with others. It sometimes has the appearance oft he old attempts at "comprehension" by which the early noncomformist used to be solicited back again to the Episcopal Church ; at others it looks like a wish to form "a church of the future" out of a fusion of the different bodies at present existing, all altering something, the result being a new order of things, in which, however, your ecclesiastical peculiarities shall pre- dominate. Now, without entering into the question as to the likelihood of this being the case (which, however, I think likely), supposing amalgamation and fusion to occur, I content myself with saying that it is premature to indulge in visions of the ultimate, before we have taken such steps as are possible to us - the only steps perhaps that may be possible for years to come. What we need first - before anything else can be thought of or hoped - is, not the absorption by one Church by others - not the conformity of others to it, or the toleration by it of the peculiarities of others ;-nor yet an attempt to constitute a platform of dis- cipline or service in which all may give up a little (or much, perhaps, in some cases) and mute. No ; it is not this. First and foremost and alone must come the honest and earty recognition of each other, as churches and ministers (defacto only, if you like), by the different Protestant Evan- gelical denominations,-their members and clergy. Let such recognition be shewn by the occasional interchange of pul- pits ; and let this again be understood to involve nothing and imply nothing but their substantial oneness in faith, as holding in common the essential truths of the common salva- tion. The liberty thus to invite service would compel no one to invite it, or any to open their pulpits to persons -good men in their way - whom, for many reasons, it might be in- expedient to receive. Then again, the rendering of service, so far simply as preaching is concerned, should' be held to imply nothing, on either side, beyond the oneness of faith just referred to. Had your Lordship for instance invited me to preach in the pulpits of your Church, you ought to have been considered as committing yourself to nothing but to the recognition in me of a preacher of that Gospel which we hold in common, and of a minister of Christ accord- ing to the constitution of that portion of the Church to which I belong. It is obvious, also, that I could not have been re- quired to receive any licence from your Lordship ; you would not have become my bishop, though you are one in your own communion, and I respect you as such. Those who would have needed your licence would have been your own clergy; they might have wanted your permission to act. In the same way, neither you nor they would have been so far compro mised'as justly to be regarded as giving your sanction to no- tions or customs among the Congregationalists of which you may disapprove, any more than I, by consenting to preach the Gospel to yourflocks.shouldhave been justly supposed by that to profess anything else-to accept, for instance, that interpreta- tion of your '?offices ' (I distinguish them from the liturgy), which involves sentiments which I do not hold; which sentiments, if required to be held and professed, are, in my view, an ade- quate groun'l of nonconformity. No Church, either, whatever, should suppose that it confers a favour on the minister of another, by receiving him to its pulpits, but rather that it does what is proper and seemly for itself! When something of this sort is understood, and the first step taken in harmony witii it, other things will follow. All other things and theories, however, must, I fear, be post- poned until this be done. I believe it might be done by very many of the Protestant Churches in relation to each other done -without compromise and without dishonour; and that great and blessed results would soon follow from it. That your Lordship may have the happiness of helping on so de- sirable a consummation, and may tints realize that after which 'your spiritual nature seems to yearn and pant, is the sincere prayer of, my Lord, 'Your friend and servant in our common faith, T. BINNEY. No. II. THE RIGHT REVEREND THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO THE REV. T. BINNEY, "ON THE UNION Ol' VROTESTANT EVANGELICAL CHURCHES." Bishop's Court, October 4, 1858. Dear Sir-I send you some thoughts which have occurred to mc on a subject which has often occupied my mind, but more especially since I had the pleasure of forming your acquaintance. Such as they are, and expressed in the words pretty nearly which came first carne to hand, I lay them before you in the hope that they will not widen, if they do not bridge, the gap that separates us ecclesiastically, though I trust not spiritually, nor for ever. I remain, Reverend Sir, Yours faithfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Rev. T. Binney. P.S. - I leave Adelaide to-morrow morning on a five weeks' tour, and fear that I shall not have an opportunity of bidding you farewell. Bishop's Court, September 23, 1858 1\. Rev. Sir - During our social intercourse yesterday at the house of a common friend you were pleased to take notice of a remark which fell from me to this effect - that we in this colony had the advantage of occupying "an historic stand- point," so to speak, from which we might look back upon our past social, political, and Church life in England, and, re- moved from the smoke and noise of the great mother-city, might discern through all its greatness somewhat of folly and meanness, of defect and vice, in its habits and institutions. The survey would not be unprofitable if it should lead us to perceive how we had been blinded by its attractions, so as to become unconscious of its faults ; and so hurried away by its feelings and associations as to be insensible of the conven- tional bondage in which we then lived and moved. 2\. It must, I think, be admitted that the clerical mind is peculiarly swayed by party principles and sectarian pre- judices. Withdrawn very much from practical into contem- plative life, and valuing abstract truth as the basis of all moral obligation and excellence, clergymen are too apt to exaggerate the importance of certain truths which they conscientiously hold, and to treat as essential principles of the doctrine of Christ matters of inferential or traditional authority. I do not suppose that Nonconformist ministers are exempt from this failing, though it may be fostered in the Establishment at home by the alliance of Church and State. 3\. Be this, however, as it may, both clergymen and ministers may look back with some degree of regret that a mid-wall of partition should so have separated kindred souls ; pledged to the same cause, rejoicing in the same hope, and devoted to the same duty of preaching Christ and Him crucified to a dark and fallen world. By the very discomfort, however, of thus .' standing apart" we are thrust rudely back upon the principles in which we have been brought up, and are constrained to put the question to our consciences, "Arc you as sure of your ground as true to your convictions ? Arc your views so authoritatively scriptural as to put you exclu- sively in the right?" And if, after careful review and earnest prayer, we still feel unable to quit the "old paths," yet does not this very enquiry dispose us to place a more liberal construction on the conduct of others, and to respect their equally stiff adherence to their conscientious convictions ? A candid mind will not fail to see that much is to be urged on I tlie other side of the question ; and if with our present lights we had lived in the time of our fathers, we should not perhaps have been disposed to break up the fellowship of the Re- formed Evangelical Catholic Church for non-essential points, or narrow its communion on matters of Christian expediency rather than Christian obligation. 4\. I have thrown these remarks together by way of preface in order to shew the course of thought into which an Epis- copate of 10 years in this colony has gradually led me. You yourself have given a fresh impetus to such reflections. Your fame as a preacher had preceded you. I knew that you would be welcomed by all who in your own immediate section of the Evangelical Church take an interest in religion, and by all in our own who are admirers of genius and piety, even though the echoes of your King's Weighhouse sermon had not quite died away. Hundreds I knew would ask themselves " Why should I not go and listen to the powerful preaching of Mr. Binney?" And when they had heard you reason of righteous- ness, temperance, and judgment to come : of Christ, who He was and what He did, how He died for our sins and rose again for our justification, I felt assured that they would ask again, " Why is he not invited to preach to us in our churches ? What is the barrier which prevents him and other ministers from joining with our clergy at the Lord's table, and iuter changimrthe ministry of the Word in their respective pul- pits .» Was it any real difference with respect to the person, office, and work ofthe Redeemer, the power ofthe Spirit of God, or the lost condition of man without Christ and the Comforter?" 5\. I am truly glad that so considerable a person as yourself should by your presence in this colony have forced me to con- sider again the question, " Why I could not invite you to preach to our congregations ; " to review my position, prin- ciples, beliefs, and prepossessions ; more especially as the absence of sectarian prejudice on your part, and the pre- sence of all that in social life can concíliate esteem and admir- ation, reduced the question to its simple ecclesiastical dimensions. fi. Again and agam the thought recurred to me. Walis cuni sits iiliiitini noster eses.' Still I felt that neither tlie power of vour intellect, uor vigor of your reasoning, nor mighty elo- quence, nor purity of life, nor suavity of manners, nor sound- ness in the faith, would justify me in departing from the rule of the Church of England ; a tradition of l8 centuries which declares your orders irregular, your mission the offspring of division, and your Church system-I will not say schism but dichostasi/.^ 7\. But while adhering to this conclusion, I am free to con- fess that my feelings kick against my judgment ; and I am compelled to ask myself is this " standing apart" to continue for ever? Is division to pass from functional disease into the structural type of Church organization? Are the Lutheran and Reformed, the Presbyterian and Congregationalism the Baptist and Wesleyan bodies, to continue separate from the Episcopal communion so long as the world endureth ? Is there no possibility of accommodation, no hope of sympathy, no yearning for union ? Will no one even ask the question? None make the first move? Must we be content with that poor substitute for apostolic fellowship in the Gospel, " Let us agree to differ ;" oran evangelical alliance which, transient and incomplete, betrays a sense of want without satisfying the craving? or are we reduced to the sad conclusion that as there can be no peace with Rome solong as she obscures the truth in Jesus, and lords it over God's heritage, so there an» no common terms on which the Evangelical Protestant Churches can agree after eliminating errors and evils against which each has felt itself constrained to protest? Are not Chnrchmen, for example, at this day, justas ready as you, Reverend Sir, can be, to condemn the treatment of Baxter. Builyan, and Defoe, by a High Church Government ? And do not Independents and Presbyterians readily allow that a Leighton or Ken relieve Episcopacy from the odium brought upon it by the severities of a Laud or Sharp? 8\. It appears to me in this colony we are placed in a pecu- liarly favorable position for considering our Church relations, because one great rock of offence has been taken out of the way-I mean the connection between Church and State. We eau approach the matters in dispute simply as questions of evangelical truth and Christian expediency. Neither soda1, *Gal. v. 20, "seditious," literally "standingapart. nor civil, nor ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to distract oar view or irritate our feelings. There is no Church-rate conflict here ! I have accordingly seized the opportunity oí laying before you a few thoughts on the possibility of an outward fellowship as well as inward union of the Evangelical Churches, with the hope that they may suggest enquiry it they lead to no immediate practical results. D. The questions 1 would propose for consideration arc First. Whether an outward union, supposing no essential truth of the Gospel to be compromised, is desirable amongst the Protesoant Evangelical Churches? Secondly. What ave the principles and conditions on which awh unions should be effected ? I submit my ideas to yon with great diffidence, but fiom the desire to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to consider how we might possibly serve at one and the same altar, walk by the same rule, and preach from the same pulpits the words of this salvation. io. With regard to the first point, I conceive outward union to bo desirable, because it appears to me to be scrip- tural and apostolic. That all the congregations of the Uni- versal Church were subject under Christ to the twelve Apostles, and that the decree directed by the Iloly Ghost, but framed by Jamo.« with Simon Peter, Paul, and Barnabas, and assented to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep, is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible body by St. Paul is evident when he birts the Corinthians give offence to neither Jews nor Gentiles, nor the Church of God : and what- ever be the figure under which the Holy Spirit characterizes the body of tiue believers in Cfirist, unity or .organized life is the substratum of the idea; be it vine or olive-tree, family of household, city or kiugdom, the body or spouse of Christ, the thought is still the same. What, then, should we think of a family, whose several members inhabiting the same house kept each to his own chamber, and though continually jostling on the common stairs, rarely exchanged a friendly salute and never a visit. In this family life ? And is it true Church life to say I am of Peter, and I of Paul, and I of Luther, and I of Knox, and I of Wesley, and I of Whitfield and I of the Eathers? Are we not carnal, and speak as men? In the apostolic age there must have beeu out- ward union of the Churches, so far at Icastas the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacrament, the profession of a common creed, and preaching in common the Word ol' Life: The spirit of Dioticphes we may hope was rare. li. If tlie odium thcologicnm be indeed the worst type of that disease, it might be expected that a real union of the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the Gospel might arrest the progress ofthat malady. It is "the effect of party feeling, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalryand contention. Tins" christian sympathy, which is meant for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or n sect. * hi the other band : 12\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place' the Gospel of Christ before Jew and Gentile; before Brahmin andMahommedan? No subtle Pundit would then point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some and uncertainty in all. No Bossuat could enumerate, and perhaps exaggerate, the variations of Protestants, awl, unmindful ofthe like in his own commu- nion, claim for the Church of Rome the symbol of Unity as the mark of its being the True Church. But now instead of lighting the Lord's battle as one great army, our resistance to the Poweis of Evil is like the death-struggle of Inker- mann ; a series of hand-to-hand combats broken regiments fighting in detached parties, never receding indeed, but in- capable of combined effort or mutual support. ' 13\. It may, however, be urged, on the other side, that the divisions ofthe Christian Church are helps toits vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stagnancy and corruption ; that rivalry promotes exer- tion, and exertion results in expansion. Yet has not the liible Society attained its present strength by acting on the opposite principle ? Is it not because all Protestants can unite in furthering its object, truly catholic, and because '.atholic, triumphant? 14\. The union I contemplate is not a yoke of subjection-an ¡ron rule suppressive of individal or sectional thought, aspi- ration, energy, and action; far othervri.-e. If the great Apostle of the Gentiles would provoke his brethren after the flesh to jealousy in order to save some-if he stirred up the Churches of Macedonia by the forwardness of Achala, and reciprocally urged the Achatan Churches to be ready with their contribu- tions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concembig them-certainly a loving zeal striving for the mastery is not to be cast out as unmeet for the Christian commonwealth. Unity is compatible with variety, and variety is pregnant of competition. God has created but one vertebrate type of animal organisms ; but how infinitely diversified are the specific foi ins! I know no reason why, in our reformed branch of the Catholic Church, there might not be particular "ongrcgations of the Wesleyan rule, or some other method of internal discipline, or usage, or form of worship, even as the Society of Ignatius Loyola, or Dominic or Francis exists in the bosom of the Roman obedience. Tlie seamless coat of the Redeemer was woven from the top throughout. The Itoman soldiers said "Let. us not rend it!" Why should chronic disunion bo the symbol of Evangelical Christianity ? I cannot call alliance union : nay, it is founded on stereotyped -eparations. I pass to the second question : 2\. What are the principles and conditions on wlüch aunion of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should bo effected? 15\. It must be evident, I should suppose, after an expe- rience of soo years, that neither the Episcopalian, nor Piesby terian, nor Congregationalist can reasonably hope to force upon the Christian world his own particular system. Is either one or the other entitled by the Word of God to exclude from salvation those believers who do not follow the same rule of Church government? If, however, submission may not be demanded on the ground of its necessity to salvation, then any negotiation for outward union may and must pro . ceed on grounds of what is best and wisest, most likely to unite, as being most in" accordance with Scripture and apos- tolic tradition ? We must lay aside hard words- scht.-m, Church authority, sectarianism. In the comity oí nations de facto Governments aro recognised and treated with ; tho question whether they aie de jura is left in abeyance. So must it be with respect to any union of the Churches. They must meet together like brethren who have been long estranged, yet retaining the strong affection of early youth ; resolve to forget the subject of their dispute, and. walk together in the house of God as friends. It will be unnecessary to ask "Which mau did sin-this man or his- parents ?" or to say'"Thon wast altogether born iu sin, and dost thou teach us?" or, " We forbade him, becau.-ehe followeth not us." No; we must meet in the spirit of godly fear, of mutual respect, with the earnest desire by all right concession to promoto God's truth, and advance Christ's kingdom. We must ' receive one another, but not to doubtful disputations. 16\. A second principiéis, "Whereto we have attained," or shall attain; that sanierale must be publicly acknowledged, hi that rule we must walk and by it steadfastly abide. I firmly believe with Mr. Maurice, in liis " Kiugdom of Christ," that the Church ol' the apostolic age embraced every principle for which in later times each section of the Christian world has felt it necessary to contend, eren to separation from the maiu body of the brethren. But the Chuich of the apos- tolic age, the true visible model Church, does more. It har- monizes them all ; giving to each its due place, its real pro- portion. Each portion oí the truth, obscured, distorted, or denied in the mediawal Church, each detail of the outward building of God, has been jealously rescued from corruption er decay by sects or individuals. It remains, perhaps, for this .n- the coming generation to restore the original fabric, and take away whatever is inappropriate, unsightly, or inconve- nient. But is the spirit as yet willing? Alas, 1 kuownot. It is certain that the flesh is weak. 1". Let me endeavor to state, as accurately as I can, what seems to he the leading idea, the characteristic principle, of each section of the Christian Church : The Church of Rome, then, contends for external unity, founded on one objective creed, in subjection to one visible head ofthe Church on earth. The Lutheran for justification by faith, antecedent to and irrespective of works. The Reformed Calvauistic Church upholds the free and sovereign grace of God. The Anglican witnesses for a scriptural creed, apostolic orders and a settled liturgy. The Presbyterian asserts the authority of the Presbytery, as derived immediately from the Holy Ghost. Tlie Congregationalist claims unlimited right of private judgment, and the independent authority of each congrega- tion, as a perfect Church, over its own members. Tlie Wesleyan preaches spiritual awakening, seiisib'e version and social religious exercises. The Baptist contends for personal religious experience pre- vious to admission to the Church. Every one of these principles is substantially, though not exclusively, true. When their mutual relations are forgotten, each becomes exaggerated ; the beauty of proportion is lo3t, and a faulty extreme is made the Shibboleth of schism. Is there no analytical process possible, no law of affinity, hy which the spiritual mind could precipitate the error," and leave pure and limped the Gospel stream? or remove from the much fine gold ofthe Temple the dross with which it is alloyed? Would there not still remain a scriptural truth, a coilly discipline, a settled order, a common altar, a united ministry, a visible union as well as fellowship in the Spirit-? Might there not still be variety in unity, partial diversity of usage, and a regulate 1 latitude of divine worship? The Episcopalian, the Presbyterian, aud Congregationalist might freedom with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions. l8. But it is time to draw these general remarks to a close, and define with somewhat more ol' precision that Church of the future which is to conciliate all affections and unite all diversities. I scarcely know which to admire most, tlie plea- santness ofthedream, or tho fond imagination of the dreamer. Still, let mc speak, though it be "as a fool" My object is not to dictate proceedings, but to suggest considera- tion ; to provoke enquiry, but not force conclusions. And since concession in matters not absolutely essen- tial to salvation or positively enjoined must be the basis of the system adopted by the various Evangelical Churches, it may be fairly put to me in the language of the proverb " Physician heal thyself." I will begin, then, with the Church of England, and will state what it appears to me cm be given up for'the sake of union, l. A State nominated Episcopate. 2\. Compulsory uniformity of Divine worship. Already the former has given place in Canada and Now Zealand to an Episcopate freely elected by the Church itself. The latter it appears, even in England, is only require 1 from the clergy in parish churches, but not when preaching in tile (¡elds, or streets and lanes of the city. lu addition, then, to the separation of Church and State in this colony, and the absence ofthe legal machinery connected ..,,,.-.! . ,.-_.,...._., . modes with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the mu of worship seems attainable; and an Episcopate, moderate in its pretensions as well as constitutional in its proceedings, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyters ; above all, chosen by the free suffrages ofthe united clergy and laitv. i I believe the doctrinal articles of the Church of England and many others among the Thirty-Nine are allowed on all sides to be scriptural. I conceive, then, that a settled form of sound words, a deposit of objective faith, would not be deemed a yoke of bondage, but a guide to truth. 1 conceive, also, in order that all might worship with the understanding as well as tlu spirit, that certain liturgical i offices, such for instance as the Litany, might form part of the stated services, but not to the exclusion of extempore prayer in connection with the sermon at the discretion ofthe preacher. So also in the administration of the Sacraments and conferring Holy Orders, a portion of the office might ba fixed and invariable,and a portion left to ministering pastors. These points being settled, 'the trial, nomination, institution. or designation of pastors, the dissolution of their conuestion with their flock or removal, their mode of payment, the inter- nal discipline of the congregation over their members ami officers, are details which may well ba left for after regula- tion ; if indeed there is really much or any injurious différence at present existing in these matters. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection must be largely shed abroad before such a system as hero spoken ol' can possibly bo inaugurated. Even if thought feasible for the future, how can it be made to take retrospect i vc effect? How can we, who are di' fitrto ministers, and think ourselves to be de ¡ure so, besides being pledged to our respective systems, throw ourselves out of the one to enter upon the other? N Let us search the Scriptures for guidance. Tlie beloved disciple was instructed to write by the Holy Spirit to the seven angels of the seven Churches of Asia, au I Titus was left by St. Paul in Crete to ordain elders in every city as he" bad appointed him. But besides these later exertions of apostolic authority, we find Barnabas and Siul separ ited by tlie Holy Ghost to a special mission throiyii the laying oil of hauls and prayers of the p.-cphets and teachers or the Church at Antioch, Simeon Niger. Liuius Cyrenc, and Manara. Assuming the existing ministers of the several denomina- tions tobe recognised ns dit jure by their congregations, and de tacto as such by the Anglican Church, might not the Bishops of the latter, supposing the before-montion21 terms of union wen-agreed upou to take effect prospoctively, give the right liand of lellowship to them, that they should go lo their own flocks, and mission also as preachers to the Angli- can congregations, when invited by the pastors of the several Churches? If the licence of the Bishop can authorize even lay readers and preachers, how much more men like yourself, separated to the work of God, eloquent and mighty in the Scriptures ! Indeed, I do uot feel sure that I should have violated any eeclesia-tical law in force in this diocese or pro- vince, by inviting you to gi ve a word of exhortation to c.ich of our congregations.* lu this way, then, of mission without compromise, but on declared assent to certain fixed principles and truths, existing Ministers might co-operate with us in the preaching of the Gospel, and under the benign influence of this brotherly love -'Canon 51 oí the Province of Canterbury, A.D. 1(303-4, re- quires "conformity as a sine qua non to preaching in the parish churches of England." I do not know that it is bind- ing in colonial dioceses. It shows that parsons were licensed to preach who were not disposed to take upon themselves all the obligations of the parish priest uu 1er the Establishment a Beformed Catholic Church might grow up, and, like the rod of Aaron, swallow np our sectarian differences. 20 I have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, .which has been suggested (like conditional baptism where irregularity in the administration may be suspected), because It savours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agree- able to Christian simplicity and due reverence for God's ordi- nances. Neither have I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Wesleyan Superintendents and Presby- terian Moderators, or those who, like yourself, seem sealed alike by nature and the Spirit to be special overseers in the Church of God. Missions, as preachers to our congregations, without imposing the obligations incident to the incumbents and curates of Churches, but not until full evidence had been riven before licence of soundness in the faith, would seem to meet the exigencies of the case so far as regañís the present generation of ministers who have received Presbyterian Having attained to this step, perhaps God would reveal to us a more excellent way. Old systems have, in fact, been found wanting. Which ofthe Churches now existing is so perfect, so scriptural, so apostolic, as to insure instant "acqui- escence from the enquirer to the exclusion and condemnation of all others. If tnere be none, will all the learning and eloquence and traditional authority devoted to the support of each, persuade the present or future generations to substitute another for that in which they have been brought up? A few i may, perhaps, be convinced or converted, but the masses never. A fresh combination must therefore be sought; traditional prejudices must be set aside-, cherished associa- tions laid upon the altarof love, to rise, like angel messengers, in the flame of sacrifice, to purer and loftier spirituality ! Oh, for that millenial reign of peace when a Chalmers or a Cum- ming, a llinney or a Watson, might serve at one altar and plead from one pulpit with the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England ! It is the cause of God and christ, of truth and holiness, of righteousness and peace, of faith and duty, of grace and salvation, of man delivered and Satan bound, of God alone exalted on that day, and reigning on Mount Sion gloriously. Then might the fulness of the Gen- tiles come in, then Israel be restored, then Babylon over- thrown, and that regenerated state of this fallen world be made manifest for which Jehovah reserved the last great dis- play of His providential love-the union in the God-Mau of the*Manhood with Himself. I remain, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bishop's Court, September 23, isas. No. III. SIR B. G. 5IACD0NNEI»L TO THE REV. T. BINNEY. " Glenelg, October 16, 1858. "Mv dear Sir- 1. I herewith return the Bishop's letter of the ffind tilt., on- the union ofthe Protestant Evangelical Churches.' I have long felt deep interest in this subject, and aR a moro than usually healthy feeling in connection there- with seems to prevail" here at present, I am well pleased that it has lieeu thus prominently brought forward by the Bishop. Moreover, whilst the momentfor this step seems well chosen, the truly catholic spirit in which the subject is treated by His Lordship is, in my judgment, matter of congratulation to us all. "2. As,* however, you have asked what I think of the sug- gestions in His Lordship's letter, I shall give you my opinion, but only in such imperfect manner as the little time at my disposal permits. "3. I have no doubt we both admire the eloquent and forcible manner in which His Lordship dwells on the nu- merous fundamental principles of agreement in doctrine between the various Protestant Evangelical ssctions of the Church of Christ. We must both also deplore with His Lordship the great injury sustained by that Church in the inherent aud "inevitable weakness engendered Hierein by the absence of any systematized and united action available for the** exnansion of its limits, and the diffusion of the renl'v vital principles of faith and doctrine common to all its S pet ÏOH 8 "l. Nevertheless, I do not find that the Bishop, when he treats of 'the principles and conditions on which a union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected' - either professes to devise a remedy - in presentí* for that de- ficiency, or speaks hopefully of accomplishing such union hereafter. His suggestions 'seem to me aimed too high in pointing to a ' Church for the future, which is to eonciliatp all affections and unite all diversities.' Nevertheless, the wil- lingness of the Bishop-as representing the Anglican Church here-to recognise for certain mission purposes the ' de facto' ministers of evangelical congregations-to give up a State Episeopacv-to modify the compulsory uniformity of divine worship and to omit portions of the offices for the adminis- tration of sacraments and conferring of holy orders- evinces the tolerance of an enlightened Christian and breathes a spirit, in which if we were all to meet one another there woud soon be but one section of the Reformed Church of Christ. " 5. Looking, however, to the practical expediency of his suggestions, and having regard to human nature as it is, I do not see-even here, where the ground is comparatively cleared for the erection of such a structure by the abolition of all State aid - that there is much immediate prospect of establishing a general Protestant Church holding by one set of articles, however few. or by any fixed form of liturgy, however curtailed-especially if its bishops be not elected by all denominations, placed for that purpose on terms of equality. " 6. 1 admit that such a Church, with its affairs adminis- tered by tiishops or overseers elected by the general body of the Church (which, however, does not appear to be altogether his Lordship's meaning.) and with its bishops, aided by representatives of the whole Church assembled in Synod, would be a Church well adapted to the spiritual wants of mankind, and . eminently Apostolical in its constitution. Yet, although, as the Bishop truly says, we knight thus exercise the great privilege of spiritual men- that is, combine freedom with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions'-the main difficulty would still exist, aud the real question would only be begged, not solved ; for there would still be a law-a rule, in which, as the Bishop savs-'we should walk, and by it steadfastly abide.' Now, whatever be the rule, it would be difficult to induce the various Protestant sections of Christ's Church simultaneously to adopt, it, or afUrirards abide by it. Men had, in thu'fir.st century, the teaching of Christ himself; they had the Apostles for their ministers aud bishops ; they liad the recent evidence of Christ's miracles, and yet schism even then arose. It wsuld do so again, even if a "United Protestant Church were for a space to gather within its fold all the evangelical denominations ofthe Reformed Church in this province, and in Great Britain also. " 1. We may be, however-indeed it is our belief and hope that such a consummation will yet be witnessed in the ful- ness of time; but meanwhile I sincerely hope that what the Bishop himself calls ' the pleasantness of this dream' will not divert us from more immédiats and practicable exertions, which, without disturbing the existing internal organization of tlie various sections of the Reformed Church, may j-et eliminate, if they do not find ready to our hand some, if not all, tile elements for united action when pursuing the main objects of all Christian Protestant action, viz.. the diffusion and application of the broad vital doctrines of the Protestant faith. " And herein I d i not see why we might not at least pre- pare for ' sush united action, without waiting to break and fuse all varieties of Protestant worship and organization for the purpose of recastiug them in a uniform shape from one mould. For my part, though I much prefer the lorms of my own Church, I ¡lo not object to the organization or practice of the Baptists, the Independents, tile Wesleyau.s, or many other denominations of Protestant Christians. It might perhaps be better if they were all to form one denomination;, bat I have doubts on that point ; whilst it would come nearly to the same thing, if we could but fully regard one another truly as brethren ; and if we felt bound to aid one another in all that might devclope the pure principles of our common faith, whilst, we illustrated them iu our practice by works of mutual charity and help. "!). I would, therefore, suggest that we should test the sin carity of our mutual advances either towards union or alliance, by of once commencing a more intimate and brotherly inter- course with one another in our schools, our pulpits, and our missions ; and that we should thus prepare the way for such a. further mutual understanding as may, with God's blessing, lit us hereafter to discuss the question of fusing into one denomination all the various evangelical sections of Christ's Reformed Church. "io. I would ask, are we to have for ever merely a community of faith and not a community of labour in all good works ; a orotherhooí of doctrine, but not of action? If the Bible be the foundation of our faith, why should any intelligent, pure minded, and approve 1 Protestant expounder of that Bible be excluded bj' an ecclesiastical rule or tradition from preaching the doctrines of any Church iu one of its places of worship, if invite! to do so by the special minister of the building? Is such a union of Christians impossible in carrying on Chris- tian duties? Whenever such interchange of pulpits is permitted, under no restrictions but those which are desirable to ensure )itii?ss of education and character, as well as sound s ness of lioctrine (and I trust a high standard in all those res- pects will ever be maintained), it will be time enough to meditate on a still more general fusion, in approved ecclesi- astical fo.rm, ofthe Protestantism of this aud other lands. "11. I do not, however, perceive that the Bishop suggests " _ a any_,. nstical law in force in this diocese or province.' lam only surprised that he did not use this power, when he gives so many reasons why it might have been wisely and usefully exerted in your favor. Those reasons, however, are so well stated by the Bishop, that he cannot long resist the conclu- sion to which they point. Indeed, I consider it fortunate on the whole that you did not arrive here till men's minds having become reconcile 1 to the abolition of State aid to religion, had begun to feel the necessity and probable advan- tage of a very different aid, viz., that which might be derived from greater unity of action amongst themselves. It is no small sig i of progress that the Bishop should have stated the I case so forcibly, even though he has not yet availed himself of his own argument. "12. I also think it foi túnate that neither in public opinion nor perhaps in his own, is any clergyman of the An "Hean Church in this province regarded as more powerful or truth- ful in expounding the faith held by that Church than your- self. It makes the fact all the more remarkable that a large portion of this community, as belonging to the Anglican Church, should agree in your doctrines and be anxious to benefit by your teaching, and yet be deprived of th« oppor- tunity of hearing you in any pulpit of their Church" simply because you hold no licence from their Bishop, and are not officially therefore regarded in this diocese as a ' de jure' minister ofthe Gospel, the preaching and illustration of wliich form nevertheless at once the labor and glory of you life. " 13. I rejoice, therefore, that your visit has made people ponder on such a pernicious-I would almost say, unchris- tian-distinction of man's device without a spiritual differ- ence. I sincarely hope the application of such a rule to your- self may produce results useful to us all, and end in throwin« open God's work to all who may be worthy of the labor. ° " 14. It is, I hops, unnecessary that I should here guard against the possibility of being supposed to imply that the occasional interchange of pulpits which I adrocate should be allowed to prejudice the usages or internal discipline of any denomination. Thus, if a Wesleyan Minister were to ex- change senices for a day with our Dean, he could not evpect to conduct the service at Trinity Church as he would at Pirie strect Chapel ; nor could the Dean conduct the service at Pirie-street Chapel otherwise than according to the usa<*e of the congregation there. Therefore I do not contemplate any such interchange of pulpits as possible, except where there might be a previously existing common belief in the great and vital truths of the Protestant faith, and a comparative indifference to the details of ritual-service and discipline in use amongst the various congregations ofthat faith. " 15. I would add that, whilst this first step seems to dis- turb no Church organization now existing, my own feelings convince me that an advance in this direction must be far more agreeable to many thousand others, than an attempt to form a common Church by the sacrifice of services and cus- toms to which I and they are personally attached. More especially would I protest against a sacrifice of the greater portion of the Liturgy, as suggested by the Bishop. I have reverently listened in my childhood to those prayers and words of solemn beauty. They have often been the consola- tion of my manhood. They are fraught to me with a tliou saud hallowed memories and aspirations ; and 1 would fain hope they will be amongst the latest sounds wliich may soothe my ear. With such feelings I not merely protest against such a concession to the prejudice of others : but my own reluctance to concede this teaches me to deal gently with all who may refuse similar concssions to my préjudices " 16. I therefore own tliat I am not much troubled at'pre sent to give a theoretical uniformity of outward structure to the Reformed Church. I would rather look to the foundation before roofing the Temple. The details of discipline and prac- tice-if there be no wilful or marked violation of any serin tural command, or leading truth necessary to our spiritual welfare, may be left safely to the various congregations who are most affected by .them. Such things need nott and ought not to be any harto the most unreserved spiritual intercourse and community of labor amongst Christians for Clirist's sake. " lï. My life has been hitherto so much more one of action than of theorising that, hoping to be more useful by prac- tically doing something to effect what I recommend than by .writing aboutit, immediately on reading the Bishop's letter, which 1 did not peruse till this day, I took the first step towards realizing my suggestion. As a commuuicant of the Anglican Church I have signed a memorial to the Bishop requesting His Lordship to mvite you to preach at one of our churches. It is clear that some one must take this first step, and that the objection« thereto are no more forcible now than they would be if I were to defer that step for years. The right hand of fellowship, moreover, ought, in my opinion, to be offered first by the Anglican Church, as that which has hitherto been the most exclusive and exacting in such mat- ters. I have, however, taken care that the memorial should express the conviction of those signing it that they are thereby assisting to develop His Lord3hip's own views-a point which it is difficult to doubt alter perusing his very in- teresting an 1 eloquent letter. " I know not how far these views, which are entirely my own, and as yet communicated to none but yourself, may co- incide with your own opinions. I am, however, certain that if you think you can usefully exert yourself in removing pre judices which narrow the sphere of usefulness of Christ's ministers you will not fail to do so. | " 19. To assist in establishing a greater unity of action i amongst the ministers and congregations of the various sections of the Reformed Church would be indeed a noble vocation. I earnestly desire that your exertions in that respect here, where the field is more open than elsewhere, may yet produce results to which you will gladly recur here- after as amongst the happiest mementos of your trip to Aus traba. "Believe me to be, my dear Sir, " Most sincerely yours, "RICHARD GRAVES MACDONNELL." No IV. THE REV. CANON RUSSELL TO THE REV. T. BINNEY. St. John's Parsonage, Adelaide, October 21,185s. Rev. and dear Sir-Forgive the liberty I take in troubling you with a few lines in reference to the most important part of your speech of yesterday. I felt thankful that, in refer ence to a subject surrounded with difficulties, you were enabled to speak such calm and wise words. On the part of many who listened to you, there would have been a great dread of any amalgamation of churches : there would be, in our own Church, the strongest feeling against any tampering with the Prayer-Book ; there would have ensued a convulsion which could have ended in nothing short of dissolution, from any general attempt to accommodate our ecclesiastical polity to that of other christian communities. Let me explain my own position. Not born and bred in the Church of England : not fettered by any early prejudices on the subjct: but, having heartily embraced the doctrine and order of the Church of England, as soon as I was old enough to think and choose on such a Fubject-I confess that I should yet have strongly shared in the above apprehensions. When a man bom in the midst of Scotch Presbyterianism, thrown during earlv youth into close association with the adherents of English "Congregationalism, and brought in various ways into friendly contact with men of the widest variety of view in reference to theology and ecclesiastical polity-when a man who has had a history of this kind embraces the Church of England system, he does it with his whole heart. Its distinctive peculiarities he cannot bear to part with ; for thev are among the things which attracted his love. The chances are, that if he be a man of ordinary generosity of mind, he will be able to think of the mea of other communions, in a spirit at once more intelligent and just, with a fuller understanding both of the strength and weakness of their position, than if he had been trained m the midst of Church of England traditions ; but the very fact that he has. on unworldly principles, chosen his place m the Church of England, would lead one to expect that he will embrace all her peculiarities (if I may BO express myself) with that sort of romantic reverence and depth of attachment with which a man falls in love for the first and last time in his life. I was thankful, therefore, beyond expression, to hear you distinctly declare your own feeling, that any mutual recognition of Protestant Churches would be one in which the respective polity and constitution of the said Churches would be preserve I in their integrity. Will you tiien, suffer me to point out what in my opinion, must not be attempted in order to the desired recognition? It seems to me that you must keep clear of the two points around which most of the controversies of Christendom have been found to turn. 1. What constitutes fitness for the posi- tion of a member of the Church? 2. What constitutes fitness to minister in the congregation? l. The Anglican and Congregationalist theories of Church membership are not only in fact widely different, but essen- tially irreconcileable. Mr. Stow, in an address before the Melbourne Conference in 1835, has explicitly declared this. Ho says:-"Our principle of admission to the Church is personal piety, avowed and evidenced to the satisfaction of the Church.There are other Churches, containing vast numbers of truly pious persons ; but that they should be such is not the condition of admission.A certifi- cate, then, from such a Church is not a certificate of spiritual character ; it is simply a certificate of membership. It is not, then, a certificate winch meets our rule." Here, then, is a preliminary difficulty with respect to fitness for communion, and terms "of communion, which, when adequately discussed, must raise very important questions on which different indi- viduals and Churches will arrive at very différent conclusions, and the preliminary discussion of which would be exceed- ingly likely to set us permanently by the ears. I am, on the contrary, in the habit of speaking of baptism as verily and truly membership of the Church, and of protesting against the bad life of some of our people on that express ground. We may discuss for ever what constitutes membership, and what s"hould lawfully admit to full communion, without arriving at a common point of agreement. I am strongly of opinion, then, that you must not make common communion at the same table ofthe Lord-beautiful and desirable as the idea is-a condition of the Christian union to be attempted. It is not only, however, that there is difficulty as to terms of communion. There are difficulties as to the offi- ciating persons. It may appear to some an evil thing, but it is the fact, that even in 'our own Church all ministers are not allowed to administer the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. A duly ordained minister, if only in the order of a deacon, mav preach-, he cannot minister the Holy Communion. If, then, even a minister of our Church may not, until he lias attained to the position of a Presbyter, it is quite hopeless to expect the adherents to our system to consent to any arrange- ment by which ministers of other Churches may perform an act from which certain of our own ministers are excluded. You, who do not propose to amalgamate Churches, would not attempt to force us from a position which we have deliber- ately taken, and which belongs properly and logically to the constitution of the Church, and the relative position'in It of bishop, priest, or deacon, I ask you, then, not to aim, in the name of Christian union, at what will render the likelihood of any visible union among the Protestant Churches, more remote then ever. That union must olcarlv respect all that is essential to the integrity of our polity. Now, according to that polity, there are within our church three orders of ministers to whom, re- spectively, peculiar functions are assigned. In so far as certain of these functions are restricted to the several orders, they must prove undoubtedly,however unavoidably, obstacles to visible union- obstacles, however, not arising out of illiberality of sentiment, but out of the necessities of our Church life. But on the other hand, is there any function of the Christain ministry ennmon to all these orders, and exercised by the ministers of other Protestant Churches ? / thin'; there is ONE. It is in some sense the greatest, the most responsible, and the most influential of all ; that which most stirs the heart ta great actions, ' arouses the soul out of sensual slumbers, and arms the spirit of man for the battle of life, and in the exercise of which the minister of God finds the freest scope for all his faculties. It is, the preaching of the Word of God, In the Church of Rome, even, there were preaching orders with their peculiar discipline, and not restricted to the general rule of the Church. I, for one, would not be without hope that the general Church of England might be led to adopt a system by which, the liturgy being left untouched, and the ecclesiastical polity being left untouched, the great body of preachers in all Protestant Churches might at least be empowered to exercise their gift for the edification of all. In order to the adoption of such a system, however, there must necessarily be a doctrinal basis, "but it should bo one containing as few dogmatical statements as possible, and limited to the great central Diets of Christianity. I should be content with these three-The Bible, the Rule ot Faith ; the Trinity in Unity; the Incarnation and Sacrifies of Jesus Christ our Lord. Allow me, however, to say most unequivocally that, after careful enquiry, I am satisfied that the laws of* our Church would not at present admit ofthe preaching, in any of our churches, of any minister but a Bishop, Priewt, or Deacon, iu our understanding of these words. I am sure we ought not to break existing laws. If they appear to need alteration, the alteration must be attempted in a constitutional manner. Now we, in these colonies, happily enjoy the normal action of the Church. There are Diocesan Synods ; there must, ere long, be a Provincial Synod. The change can be arrived at only in this way:-1st. Until a Provincial Synod exists, by declara- tory resolutions in the several Diocesan Synods, which would dec'are the mind of the Church on the question. 2nd. By ecclesiastical legislation on the basis of such resolutions, so soon us there is a Provincial Synod. There can be no question that it must add greatly to the strength and dignity of every Church, to be able from time to time to call into action the services of the great apologists of Christianity, wherevcrthcy may be found ; provided all reason- able securities have been taken for soundness in the old Catholic faith of Scripture and the Primitive Church. In this hasty letter, I have endeavored to fix upon the one function of the Christian ministry, in the exercise of which I sec the only hope of successfully aiming at visible union. I do not see that tlie question of liturgical forms need embarrass the inquiry. Public preaching, apart from public devotion, ought not to be a new thing to a Church in which the memory of Larimer and Paul'B Cross are still revered. Begging you to accept this letter in the spirit in which it is intended. I am. Rev. and dear Sir, Your faithful servant, ALEX. R. RUSSELL, Minister of St. John's, and Rural Dean. P.S.-You may make what use of this letter, either here or in England, you may think desirable. It is expected that Mr. Binney will, in a short time, quit South Australia for v ictoria, but his presence amongst us has given birth to a move- ment which will not die away with his depar- ture. 