THE OYERLA.ND ROUTE. No. 7. (From the Argus.) It was dark when we got to Suez. The landing-place was lighted by Arabs with burning wood, flaming brightly on littie cressets on the tops of t-taves. We ran round to the hotel, situated close to the pier, nearly stumbling as we ran over what were apparently heaps of ■and, but—' Bless me, they are camels * for the first of the party informed us that these silent, motionless objects were not- altogether inanimate lump?. They were the camels waiting to convey the mails and luggage to the first station of the railways, distant about 20 miles in the desert, and, lying peacefully here, was as quiet as if they were really heaps of earth. „ The hotel is very large, well built of stone, and generally convenient. It kas been erected by the Pacha, for the benefit of passengers, and is rented to the present landlord. We got a good tea in a large saloon, selected our bedrooms, and then took a turn through the town. The tragedy of Jeddah was then only in preparation* and we, handful of unbelievers, considered ourselves quite safe in streets and bazaars crowded with the bigoted Mussulman. The loading of the camels was a very wild, peculiar, and interesting sight. It took place in a large enclosure close by the wharf, and brilliantly lighted all round by the mepus I have already described. The camels are much larger and finer animals than those we saw at Aden. Each one carries a load of from 10 cwt. to 12 cwt. The drivers force them to lie down, and ihen tie a rope round the bent knee, to prevent them from rising till the lo*d is adjusted ; for, although a patient animal, the camel seems to receive his loading under protest ; and as it is put on, and still more as hs rises with it, he roars, and moan6, and groans, in a very distressing way, and as if being subjected to severe suffering. As five or six were loaded, they wera formed inte line, a man let! the foremost and away they trooped off, with their silent, ghost-like shuffle, into the ou> side darkness. One of them while re~ ceiving his load rose suddenly, scatter I ing boxes and bags on all sides, when a | man in authority rushed forward, in a state of the greatest tnger, and unmercifully belab :r,id, not the camel, but the driver—an intimation th at we were under despotic rule, indeed. It was wuh rather disagreeable misgivings we saw our several properties sent off ,into the desert in this wild fashion J for we were never to see them again till we reached the steamer at Alexandria; and, while deprived of all power of control over them ourselves, we received the cool intimation of the com- . pany in their printed regulatiins, that; they were in no way responsible. I may as well state here, however, that on board the steamer at Alexandria everything was found in safety) and that the baggage was in much better order than the inspection of the process of camelloading in the dark would at all have I led us to expect. The only thing missing was the cordage with which the packages were secured, and for which some of the parties employed in the transit service seem to have an | insatiable appetite. Such of us as had indulged in this particular vanity were proportionately indtguant ; but I confess that I did not much shsre in the prevailing sentiment—partly because I could not help fancying tmt I 1 the cordage had been eaten by the camels, as so high-dried a fodder seemed peculiarly adapted for that I very high-dried animal; parsly because not having had any cordage of my own, I had been rather envious of my fellow paaseqgers at Suez, in respect of the r more ample endowments in that way. I We walked through some of th« I Tery nartow bazaars, sat down in al smoking-rooaa, and had a cup of c <ff^e I selon les rtgles, contributed a sixpence 1 i to the support of a venerable old J ! gentleman who was edifying the people J ; in the room by reading the Koran I aloud, and stumbled our way back to I j the hotel, amongst crowds of people I I lying under the walls of the houses, I who we htard were pilgrims bound | for Mecca. In the morning we were all roused by candle-light to take car for th first station in the desert. The cars are little wooden boxes, with springs not of the first order. Esch car is drawn by a pair of mules at the wheels, and a pair of horses leading, driven by I a man on the box, and our whole I cavalcade was accompanied by a gentle- J man on horseback, who galloped about in all directions—flogging a jibbing horse here, swearing at a lazy driver there, and making himself generally useful in a very noisv and bus ling way. As we filled about 20 cars, and we all rattled out into the desert together, we made rather a commotion in a neighbourhood usually pretty quief. In a few minutes we were in the open desert, with a desolate scene all round us, relieved only at intervals of six or eight miles by the places where they changed horses, or by an occasional line of camels plodding slowly along exactly as you see them in pictures of the East. I The desert is ordinarily very stony, the sand itself being drifted into heaps J sometimes approaching the size of con- I si lerahle hills ; and over these stones the car-drivers jolt one unmercifully. The I tops of the cars are raihir low, and as I we cantered rapidly over the stones, we I were jerked with such violence against I the top, that I really thought I should J have got my neck broken, and was very I glad indeed when we arrived at our journey's end, at the present terminus ot the railway, about 20 miles from Suez. Keeping all together (and hav- I ing drawn lots for precedence as to I starting and changing horses we were not allowed to separate), it was very dusty, and the heut was intense ; but in I other respects se had no reason to com- J plain. At the station we were provided with a very comfortable breakfast, at the expense of the company, and, what was even more refreshing, the mateiials for a good wash ; and soon after we were all hurried into the railway train, and started off tor Grand Cairo. Railways are all pretty much alike, and there are but few material points of difference betweea an Egyptian railway and an English one. We travelled at a pretty good rate, arriving at Cairo about 3 in the afternoon ; the distance travelled from the first station being about 80 miles. The desert retained all it* dreariness till within a mile or two of Cairo itself, when the country suddenly became very fertile ; fine gardens and well-grown trees presented themselves on all sides, and the whoie scene underwent an entire changp. In the ciesert we scarcely saw a sign of life either animal or vegetable. A little stunted herbage, growing in tuits, present itself here and there, and amongst this we once or twice started a little an. telope or two, which bounded away into the distance, looking very like the ordinary town goat ; and now and then a small scrubby Tsush would be teen j growing alongside the line. General'y i everything was distressingly bare and arid, the plains occasionally presenting j the bones of a dead ca mel, and a vul- j ture now and then soaring against the distant^ horizon t Ou arrival in Cairo we learned, to our ! great dismay, that we were ordered on to Alexandria that afternoon ; the lamentable delays in the first pavt of our voyage necessitating an almost equally lamentable hurry through this interesting country. In fact> we now began to feel that Her Majesty's mails were really moving along as they ought to do and that passengers were regarded in their proper light along a mail line, as an accident, not a principal consideration. It waa rather a mortifying thing, however, to be within sight of the pyra* mids, to see the sun gleaming brightly, on their summits at the distance of six or eight miles, and yet to be able to get no nearer to glance hastily out from the station on to the busy streets of Cairo, and to see no more. There was no help for it, though ; we felt that it was right that there should be all thiB haste, and we submitted with the best grace we could. On, on again, therefore, till long after dark, for Alexandria was 120 miles oft, and it was four when we started. During the whole evening we travelled through a very £bare country, ge j nerally consisting of rich dark soil I thickly inhabited. -There were no I fences between the fields, and ihe crops seemed to have been recently removed atatl events none were growing, and threshing was actively going on in the o'd original style, with a man sitting in a sort ef large arm chair pieced upon a heavy sledge, aud drawn by a pair of oxen going round a large circle, over which the straw was strewn. The towns appeared at intervals of a few miles;—strange huddled looking collections of unburnt brick, making them look like brick fields or. potteries of some kind. The fields swarmed with camels, buffaloes, and other outlandish looking animals, and with men and women of equally extraordinary appearance ; the latter usually covered up so that only the eyes were visible. We crossed the far-famed Nile about 50 miles from Cairo, at which point it is at this season a little insignificant stream not bigger than the Yaria at Melbourne. We crossed it again after dark at a point at which they had. fortunately, toppled over a few of their grandees a day or to previous, so they took us safely over in a steamer, and put us in another train at) the other side. We reached Alexandria about 11, very tired with our day's work, as we had been at it ever since 4 in the morning. How our ladies with* large families managed to get through the bustle and confusion, the heat and worry, of this day,-1 cannot conceive ; but I confess that I pitied them from the v*ry bottom of my heart The scuffle in the refreshment-rooms, and at the change of trains at the second crossing of the Nile, was enough to have driven any ordinary woman of sound family instincts out of her seven senses. And yet they bore up again&t; it wonderfully ; and the lady most tried amongst them, the mother of seven children, varyirg from 12 to 2 months, all but two of whom had been terribly afflicted on bo=ird with the complaint I have described, with a sick husband and only one domestic, told me afterwards in Southampton that she thought nothi ing of what she had undergone, and that she would start on the overland trip again the next day wirhouthesitation Certainly if ever there was a lady who deserved the title so frequently besowed by fast young gentlemen upon persons of abundant spirits--that of a 'brick' I mean—it was this courageous little woman. Alexandria is a nasty place, lying low and flat abounding with disagreeable smells, and subject to attacks of the plague. We got quarters in a comfortable hotel,of which there is no scarcity; and being ordered on board the Cambria at nine the following morning, we were up betimes to see such of the lions as an hour or two of early day would admit of. Tnese consisted of litsle more than Pompey's Pillar, Cleopatra's Needle, and the English and French Consuls, to whom such of U3 as intended going through France had to apply for passports. Pompey's Pillar is an immense shaft of granite of veiy respectable antiquity, and showing some of the signs of the wear and tare of ages. It has been further disfigured by some heathen, who has scrawled his plebeian patronymic of' Button ' in gigantic letters of red paint upon the base—leading to a disagreeable iumble in the mind between the ancient hero and the modern snob. The disfigurement, as a type of the modern blackguardisms, was productive of one pleasant sensation, too, for one turned awav from Pompey's Pillar with a thorough conviction for once pervading one's mind that one really had ' a soul above Button's. ' Cleopatra's Needle is a more elegantly formed pillar, with hieroglyphics very plainly carved upon its four sidss. A second pillar, of similar character and dimensions, has fallen prostrate, and ia buried with dust and rubbish. I have an impression that it has been presented to Great Britain, but that we have never mustered courage to undertake the task of fetching it away. I am not quite sure, however, whether this is the pillar of which I have heard. On board the Cambria we were delighted} as I have stated before, to find our luggage in much better condition than we had at all expected after its c^mel conveyance through the desert. But as these letters are. intended as a series of hints to one and all as to facilitating intercourse between the very er,ds of the earth, I would here remark that it appeared to me strongly on this occasion, as on many others, tb-it ths British mechanic had quite done justice to his proverbial ingenuity in the matter of fastenings to passengers' luggageThe wear aud tear and incessant violent strains upon the lock of a portmanteau or carpet bag almost always put it out of order before the thing itself is worn out, and as one travels into places where an unlockable portmanteau is a great nuisance, I think this department of manufacture will admit of improvement. We found the Cambria a much smaller vessel than the Victoria, and we had to stow pretty closely ; but from the very first step on board we perceived every indication of the controlling presence of a master-mbd. Everything was in the most perfect order, and admirable discipline presented itself from one end of the ship to the other. The officers, stewards, &c..; were attentive and respectful, the victualling was firstrate, no drunkenness was ever seen on board, and everything was comfortable and satisfactory. This ship was one of the celebrated Cunard line, and hud been temporarily chartered by the recently deceased Australian Company. But the Cutiard people are so tenacious of their character for comfort and accommodation, that in char ering their vessels they stipulate for provisioning them themselves,and the consequence is that everything is good and well attended to, and during the few pleasat t days we spent on board this vessel between Alexandria and Malta, not only was no complaint ever heard, but the passengers were in a sort of perpetual extacyof satisfaction; and upon the arrival of the pessel in Southampton, an address was presented to the Captain of so fluttering a character, as to himself, his officers, his ship, and everything about him, that the worthy man blushed the deep est mulbeny at the warmth of the euio2"> There is some doubt as to whether Cunards will tender for the Australian mail contract now shoitly to be entered into, but depend upon it if they do, ana succeed in getting it, it will be soon one of the most satisfactorily • administered services in the worid; and we shall have facilities afforded for transit between England and Australia wh:ch will see your whole population a going for the overland trip, and Ceylon, Aden, Egypt' Malta,and Marseilles, will be "familiar j in. our mouths as household words." 