YEH'S PORTRAIT. THE Times' special correspondent has furnish- ed a most minute portrait of Yeh, which he was enabled to draw during the passage of the Inflexible to Calcutta. We copy the most interesting portions. Yeh must be hereafter one of the men of Chinese history. He is the second man of the Empire. He his ruled with an absolute des- potism 30,000,000 souls. His sentences have been tortures, his lightest words have been death. He tells with a course laugh that he has. himself sentenced to death 100,000 of his countrymen snd countrywomen, and he boasts that that estimate must be quadrupled if we take into account the towns and villages des- troyed by his orders. Yet after this success- ful career of ruthless energy he has sudden- ly adopted towards us a conduct which ap- pears in our eyes to have had no other quali- ties than sloth and insolence. In his personal appearance Yeh is rather stout and tall man, about five feet eleven, with the long thin Chinese moustache and beard, a remarkably receding forehead, a skull in which what the phrenologists call "venera- lion" is much developed ; a certain degree of rotundity behind the ear, and a moderate de- velopement of the back head. Shorn nearly to the crown, and very thinly covered with hair on that part where the Chinese mostly cultivate their hair, our mandarin offers every facility for craniological examination. His tail is very paltry, very short, and very thin. The smallest porker in China has a better tail than her highest mandarin. His face is very heavy. There is more chin than you usually see in a Chinaman— more jowl and jaw, indicative of will and ob- stinacy. The nose is very long and flat, the nostrils forming one side of a very obtuse angle. The nose is very remarkable and very ugly ; in the front face this, the most simial expression of a man's countenance, is mitigated. The eye—the round slit Mongo- lian eye—is the most expressive feature of tho man, who is now sitting opposite to me, and looking rather suspiciously at me as I am now writing. In his ordinary mood there is only a look of shrewdness and quick cunning in this, the only mobile feature' of his faoe ; but I have seen him in the turning moments of his life, when those eye-balls glared with terror and with fury. He has a large pro- truding mouth, thick lips, and very black teeth, for, as he remarks, "it never has been the custom of his family to use a tooth- brush." He does not wear long nails. He says he has been too busy all his life to do so. The same occupations which havo prevented him from growing his nails aeem to have kept him from washing his hands. There is strong will, there is dogmatic per- severance, there is immovable inert resistance, but there is no active courage in that face nor in that heart. As soon as he became com- posed on board the Inflexible, he took up those child's tricks which have sometimes em- barrassed our diplomatists by their simple impudence. The Chinese minister evidently believed that we considered him still as a person from whom a treaty might be obtained, and he was prepared to make a good diplomatic fight. When he found that Lord Elgin took no notice of him, unless to send court messages inquiring alter his personal comfort—when he saw that while treating him with all res- pect, and doing all he could for his conve- nience, Captain Brooker paid no attentian to where he sat, or what he wore, or how he be- moaned himself—when he discovered that no one wished to make him sign a treaty, or to question him upon topics which he declined to enter upon, he by degress relaxed. He was, or pretended to be, much shocked at the dress of an English lady. He kept his eye studiously turned from her, and remarked afterwards that her throat was not covered. Mr. Alabaster showed him some portraits in an Illustrated London News of ladies in ball- room dresses. Yeh was scandalised ; that women should wear bed-gowns was proper, but that they should be painted in their bed-gowns was atrocious. When left alone he would climb up to the stern-ports and look out upon Hongkong, but he never could be prevailed upon to say any more of the city of Victoria than that it was "Hao," "Good." If any came down while e was looking out he turned gravely to his seat, rather annoyed at being detected in so undignified a curiosity, Yeh is, in his private life, a very respecta- ble Chinaman. He is entirely free from all suspicion of those detestable habits common to his countrymen, and for which even the vir- tuous Keying was but too notorious. He smokes no opium ; his ordinary drink is only warm tea ; he uses samshu only as a medicine. He has sant his only wife under the protection of his father to his native village. He spoke of his concubines, but, as I could not tell how for it might be wrong in his eyes to show curiosity on this topic, I did not learn their number or destination. He eats twice a-day of four or five succulent dishes, and he has the good sense to eat rice with each dish, not reserving it for the end of the dinner, as the Chinese do at their feasts. He drinks nothing whilst eating. His devotions consist of sitting in the posture of a Chinese idol, his legs crossed, and his face turned to the east. He remains in an abstracted state for about ten minutes, and the act of devotion is accomplished, In the practice of that virtue which many people are glad to rank next to godliness Yeh is certainly not conspicuous. A more undesirable messmate for the commander of a ship of war can scarcely be imagined. He spits, he smokes, he eructates, and he blows his nose with his fingers. Captain Brooker has taught him the comfort of a pocket hand- kerchief, but not to use it for this purpose, His daily ablutions consist of a slight rubbing of the face with a towel moistened in hot water. He has horror of fresh air, and while in Chinese waters never willingly went on deck. He loved to have the ports closed and the skylights down. He wears thickly padded stockings, the long, blue sleeved, quilted cape, and blue panta- loons tied at the ankle, common to all China- men. He boasts that he has worn his outer coat for ten years, and its appearance justi- fies his assertion ; it is stiff with grease. When we drew near to Singapore, within one degree of the line, the heat became frightful. His practice then was, while steaming from libations of hot tea, to strip off his coat and sit in his long yellow grass cloth shirt, wet and discoloured—a most disgusting object. Once after six week's confinement, he gravely intimated his intention of taking a bath ; and he was eagerly reminded of what he had been more than once informed, that there was a most comfortable bathroom on deck, quite at his daily service. That was not at all Yeh's idea of a bath. The cabin was given to him and his domestic, and a small pan of boiling water. We all hoped that he had cleansed himself, but when we saw him again he was wearing his old greasy unwashed jacket. Considerable alarm was at one time enter- insect, crawling within the sacred precincts of the captain's cabin. It was not by the Man- darin's agency that the action of Peter Pindar's great epic was re-enacted on board the inflexible. After Yeh had manifested his acquaintance with entomology, the "aide-de-camp" and the domestics were compelled to wash, and some strong hints were thrown out to their master. The washing was grumbled at as a tyranny, and the hints were thrown away ; so nothing was left but to hope almost against hope that the mandarin himself is free from vermin, and to continue to scrub the atten- dants. Yeh sleeps in a recess in the captain's cabin, which he prefers to a separate sleeping berth. He goes to bed about eight o'clock, and while we are reading or writing, or playing disss, be sleep ; the sleep of infancy—an unbroken slumber, apparently undisturbed by visions of widowed women or wailing orphans. But, although our great mandarin is at peace with his own Chinese conscience, he has an evident horror of his living countrymen. He has "lost face" with them, and the greatest fear he has is the being made an exhibition to a Chinese rabble. Yeh most usually expresses his disbelief by a grunt or a grin, but he has no hesitation in giving you the lie direct. Once or twice he did this in a very coarse way, after asking a question about some matter of fact occurring on deck. The Englishmen about him, with every feeling for his position as a prisoner, were not inclined to endure this, and he was told that it was considered by our nation as the gravest discourtesy to use such language. He couldn't understand this. ''I don't intend to offend you," he said, "but you say it is, and I say it is not ; that is all.' It was evident that he himself cared no more for being discovered in a falsehood than for being beaten at a game of chess. In reply to questions as to his acception of the allied attack, he said :—"I did make preparations. A man would have no sense who did not. It was not that my preparations were insufficient, nor that my soldiers were cowardly, nor that the officers were ineffi- cient, but only because your guns are so tremendous (li-hai'r.) One night Captain Brooker beat to night quarters, and we went down to forewarn Yeh, lest he should suffer by being startled from sleep by the sound of heavy guns. He and his servant were already up and inquir- ing. They had heard the sudden bustle upon deck. Having been told that the men were going to exercise with the geeat guns, he quietly turned in again. He actually affec- ted to be fast asleep while the 68 lb pivot gun was blazing away just over his head, and the broadsides were shaking the ship from stem to stern. He had the impudence to declare next morning that he had slept quite through the firing. One day, after he had been sitting fanning himself for seven hours without saying a word, or even smoking a pipe, I asked him whether it did not disconcert him to see every one else around him engaged in some occupation ? He said, "It did not surprise him. He knew that the English were always busy ; but such was not the Chinese custom." I asked him why he did not smoke ? He said, "The hot principle is in the ascendant." There is in the day of these blue tropical seas one hour of beauty, when the plain of waters is just heaving to the light head breeze, and the only visible object is the red, round sun, falling down the western heavens so rapidly that it seems at last to drop, and quench in the reddened waters. Our captain chooses this cool healthy moment to put the men through their exercise, and Yeh, full of dinner, waddles upon deck and sits in a big bamboo chair, with his two attendants behind him. What a wild turmoil of well regulated confussion immediately takes place on board the Inflexible! Mr. Beavan, the first lieutenant, is dictating an interminable series of manoeuvres, more rapidly, I believe, than man ever before talked : 300 men are in perpetual motion, moving in every different direction, but with purpose in their heads and speed in their hands and feet. In a few seconds the naked ship is clad in canvas. Another order, and before the expanded sails can feel the gently opposing zephyr, she is again naked to her spars. Then a whistle, and a hoarse boatswain's call, and the bees swarm again. In a moment every gun is manned. Every man in that straining erowd seems to have a special work to do, knows it, and does it. Handspikes are worked with a will, the bluejackets bending to the labour as though a real enemy were at our ysrdarm. The broadside guns are run in and out like children's go-carts, and the huge pivot guns are snur: round as though they were dummies of cork instead of mountains of cast iron. But the captain's sharp eye is not always satisfied, and ever and annon comes a voice from the paddle-box, awarding extra drill to No. 2 or No. 5 of some designated gun for not being smart enough or for being in his wrong place. What is Yeh doing all this time ? Is he marking this orderly energy, this discipline, this zeal of art, this heartiness of work, this scene of a multitude iu motion, with one object, and is he pondering over the lesson ? Not all. Two middies, hidden by the awning from the eye of the captain, are skylarking together, and the bigger one has just then forced his smaller comrad breech-foremost into the tub of the log-reel. Yeh is slyly watching these scapegraces through the corner of his thin eyes, and when the young gentleman goes souse into the full tub he chucks, but immediately turns away his head, to hide the undignified enjoyment. Then in a moment it is night. Twenty minutes after the sun is down nothing can be seen but the tall windsails glancing to and fro like ghosts in the gloaming. Yeh has gone down to drink tea and sleep ; remembering, as I believe, nothing of what he saw on deck, except only the whimsical fate of the "small boy" who was forced backwards into the tub of water. On the ninth day of our voyage from Singa- pore we sighted the two pilot brigs which lie out of sight of land, but give notice ot our ap proach to the Sand- heads. Then, having taken on board and pursued our course for some hours, a distant streak of red sandy coast line (such as we may see on some of our eastern coasts, but still more like the first glimpse of Egypt from the Mediterranean) vouched the land of Ind, Yeh was told this and he went to bed. Next morning we steamed up the muddy Hooghly, with its low green banks like Essex, or like the shoves of the mouth of the Rhine —if those lands would only grow a few palm trees among their other foliage. I tried to in- terest Yeh in the customs of the Hindoos, and he listened so far as to remark that the drown- ing of aged parents in this river was "a strange Taoli." He had heard of the Ganges, and thought it might be true that in the Han dynasty, water might have been brought from this river for the coronation of the Chinese em- perors, but, "in learning the history of China he had not attended to such trivial matters." I answered, "We Westerns have a pro- verb that whatever is worth doing is worth doing thoroughly." He thought for a mo- ment, and said, "That is not a Chinese Taoli." He had never heard that the Ganges was a sacred river. I talked to him about it with the hope of inducing him to go upon deck and look at it. He sat and fanned him- self in the cabin, immovable. Some of us are not sorry that he would not come on deck. The distant approach to the city of palaces is not prepossessing. The river contracts almost to the dimensions of our Thames at Mortlake. Though the palms are still beautiful, the flat landscape wants relief ; occasionally a great, square, brick-built, win- dow-pierced factory—own brother to a dozen I could pick out in Derby—appears horrid in the sun glare, A factory is not a picturesque object even in the glenes of Glossop it always suggests hard work and close breathing, and here in scorching India that must be abhorrent even to the Chinese unities. The bungalows come in sight higher up, but the stains of mildew upon their white plaister pillars hint of disrepair. That dead Hindoo floating past with four carrion birds perched upon him, driving their heavy beaks into corruption, does not secure absolute good order. Yeh would think of the Canton river heavy with dead bodies after one of his great battles up above. So soon as the Inflexible dropped her an chor Major Herbert, to whose care he had been assigned, came on board with a retinue of red-coated Hindoos—a glare of scarlet which much impressed the vulgar Chinamen. The old Mandarian, however, was not to be caught. He received the major in his greasy coat, went on with his dinner, replied to his many bows with a carefully modulated cour- tesy, and decided that it would take three days to make his preparations for disembarking. This morning at daybreak Yeh landed. He is located for the present in Fort William, but a convenient house is being furnished for him some way out of the city. Before he went he presented Captain Brooker with a written cer- tificate of his presence and good treatment on board the Inflexible. This was done in a grave official manner, and Yeh, no doubt, thinks it a most valuable document. He is now in the best place in the whole world to teach a mandarin a useful lesson. The Calcutta people seem to have a very general contempt for most things, but a special contempt for China. The indifference which Yeh laboriously feigns they honestly feel. Yeh would be a lion in London ; he will not attract more notice than a five-legged poodle in India. A Three-Pounder.—One of the puddling machines at Robinson Crusoe Gully, one day last week, turned out a nugget, weighing thirty-six ounces. The lucky, party are trking the gully before them.—Benaiga Mercury. ;• - , . jf Vienna, Thursday Evening. —There-hag been a battle at Grahovo between the Turk* on one side and the Montenegrins and ..the Herzegovine rayahs on the other. The lattei$ had fifty men killed and seventy wounded The loss of the Turks is not known. GrahovC was burnt by its inhabitants. Shameful Treatment of iMsrej grants to New Zealand.—The. re* port of the proceedings in the Resident Magistrate's Court in reference to tha barque "Camilla," Captain John Mac4 donald, discloses facts which prove thfc safe arrival of the passengers at Nelsuis to be little less than a miracle. Thii vessel which was advertised to sail from London on the 25th of October foi? ihis colony, did not start till the 12th January; and then, as we have beett: informed, without any live sheep ot pigs, with ouly a small a'lowance of preserve meat, with but a few casks of I good salt meat, with no medical com* forts, and with a short supply of water, and during the voyage whilst the vessel | was suffering from the effects of a [ violent gale, the captain, who should have been foremost in endeavouring to | remedy the mishap and to cheer the spirits of his passengers, was himself j helplessly drunk, leaving the heroic passengers and the praiseworthy crew to do the best they could for their j common preservation. These facts are j bad enough, but injfaddition^ the surs. geon of the ship affirms that this captain (who was otherwise considered a good j seaman, had the infatuation and coward j ice to threaten to destroy both the ship and the passengers sooner than go into a port where the much-needed supply of provisions could be obtained. That a ship so commanded and provisioned I should be despatched from England to | one of her colonies at the present time is almost increditabls, but it is an un mistakable fact. Were a confirmation of the surgeon's opinion as to the quality of the provisions needed, we mention that the salt meat and biscuit have been examined and condemned by the Collector of Customs. We are sorry , that, through a legal technicality, the action of oae of the passengers to re cover damages from the captain was not successful yesterday ; but there is little doubt that redress will be obtained in a higher court. In the meantime, we sincere.ly congratulate the passen gers on their safe arrival in Nelson, and trust that the dangers and the troubles of the voyage will soon be forgotten in the sucees that will attend their under« taking in this land of their adoption.—* s'Nelson Examiner," 26th' June. | Aristocratic Swindlbbs avo Thieves.—The London correspondent pf the New York Herald has the follow ing-.—♦We live in very strange time?. The uownfall of the Palmerston admin istration had saved their leader and the Marquis of Clanricsrde a fearful ex posuie : for the old card sharping case was to have been hauled over and°over again before the law courts. Mr. Auldjo was cheated out of his money some years since at the Talbot House, Richmond- The game was whist, and the party consisted of the before-mention ed greenhorne, the Earl of Howth,the Marquis of Clanricade, and Mr. O'Neii then an Irish M. P. and now a city clerk. It appears that when the party had won £11,000 of the aristocracy toady, that the landlord of the inn made hls appearance, and beckoned the Marquis into the passage, not to protest against the play, but merely to inform the nobleman that he, the Boniface,was tty to what was going foreward, and insisted upon being allowed to 'stand I mpnf- f 3 -'gi dlscussi°n this argu , raent was carried out, and the plucking i of the goose was proceeded with.1 Charge Against a Clergyman At the Mansion-house Police court,the ' George Radcliffa, aged fifty-five rector of St. Edmund's; Salisbury.was rought up chafed with having feloni ously transferred the sum of £1,028 intent' to^pf P? ?®nl Consols> with mtent to defraud the governor and company of the Bank of Fngland It appears that he had acted^s joint with » 3 carriage settlement bv tho gentlesian named Roxworthy, by the production of forged certificated whose death he had been able to transfer the stock, with the knowledge of his co-trustee. Some timeaeo Mr Cadchffe called on Mr. Roxworfhy ad said ihafh -V^nCe °f the latter>'aad take mLieiT8lied t0 eKphin a mi« take made by tke bank ; that he was whn Wlti S person n3tned Richards who was deceased, and that when hi went to the bank to transfer the stock amistake' though Mr RadcUfTV ^ 7f a?6 r»eison ('eCGased, here wt d °!r' Ro*<™»hy that about it ,, I, "J? t0 S° to London before Jive »»idmhenco„Td whole aft,!, 0' exPlw«ioo of the the Old R 'i committed for trial at ion thi l ,^. H" lrial took place I'GuikV ik'' was a' l I indeed, there ten l11."**; Hf » sentenced to ten yean penal servitude^ 