CpERfKHJRG, ITS FORTIFJ CATIONS. " Cherbourg," as we learn from the Moniteur de la Flotte, the French official newspaper for all matters connected with the navy of France, is, the, issue of the long-continued rivalry' between the two nations, France and England." The necessity for such a port was first felt after the decisive victory of La Hogue, and Vauban was commissioned by the French government to select a spot on the French coast which would be suitable as point of aggression against England. Years passed on, and the project of cutting out of the granite rock a work of such magnitude as might serve to overawe the English slumbered, and was only revived by the policy of the first Napoleon; but from the very commencement of the works, according to the French official authority, they were decreed, " with a view, it is hardly necessary to remark, to offensive and defensive hostilities" with this country. "Is it not wonderful, " asks our contemporary, " that at the moment when the finishing touch is about to be given to this formidable establishment the two sovereigns of England and France should meet to celebrate its completion ?" The Moniteur describes the works about to be inaugurated as a magnificent harbour, 400 metres in length, 200 in width, the height of the quay, 18, and the depth of water 9 metres. , THE POSITION We will inform our readers upon data upon which the utmost reliance can be placed, what Cherbourg really is. First, let it he clearly understood where it is situated, Cherbourg, then, is about midway on the French coast of the English channel, about equi-distant from Calais and the we the extremity of the French coast at Ushant. The coast juts out into the channel in what is called the a departments of the channel." At the north-west extremity of this projected land is Cape La Huges, or La Hogue, memorable in the naval annals of this country by a victory won by our countrymen over the French fleet. Just eastward of this point commenced a small open bay, near the centre of which stands the town of Cherbourg. It is directly south of the Isle of Wight, about sixty miles from Sandown, and of course a trifle farther from Portsmouth. Off the western coast of this department of the channel lie the Channel Islands Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark. The little bay, if we may so call way of Cherbourg is wholly unprotected, and except for purposes such as those for which it was designed it is not possible to conceive a more unsuitable or more un- promising place for the construction of a barb or. THE BREAKWATER AND ITS BATTERIES. -The first thing that was necessary to be done to make this unpromising spot suitable, for a Sebastopol of the Channel was to construct an immense breakwater running east and west about 4,000 yards or nearly two and a half miles in length. It is formed of stone, and some hundreds of thousands of tons of materials have been thrown into the water to raise it to the level and form the parapet This great work WAS commenced in 1788, and was not complete! till seventy years afterwards, in 1853, and its entire cost hasbeen67,OO0,q0Ofrancs(£2,G8O,OO0> The breakwater is protected by immense blocks of granite, but such is the violent action of the sea upon them that they require several thousand tons of granite, every year to replace those which are carried away or destroyed. The ends of the embankment forming the eastern and western channels, are formed of blocks of hydraulic cement each of which is said to weigh about forty tons. The width of this artificial breakwater is 140 yards, and it slopes from the centre on each side inwards at an angle of about 170 degrees. in the centre of this great work is a large fort, called " Fort Central," and at each end there is also a massive circular fort, the guns of which see in every direction and there are six batteries placed three on each side, between the centre and the extremities facing towards the harbour. THE ENTRANCES, THEIR. DEPTHS AND DEFENCES There are two entrances to Cherbourg, one at the east and the other at the west end of this strongly fortified mole, At the eastern extremity the channel is narrowed by the island of Peleo, upon which is erected a large fort, called " Fort Imperial," which with the corresponding fort on the eastern end of the mole, completely commands the narrow passage and its guns cross fire with other forts to be afterwards mentioned. The western channel is equally protected by an, immense fort, called " Fort do Qi\ev^ucvillo," on the main- land, and which is immediately opposite the fort at the west of the embankment. The depth of water in these channels is marked on the French admiralty charts at from twelve to thirteen metres (thirty to forty-two feet),, but these immense forts otto would consider sufficient to sire; was an instant any ship which would attempt to effect an entrance. They form, bowler, but a fraction of the fort inventions with which the place abounds, THE Gu'fEft BAROSSA ship entering by 11ft western channel would not only receive the concentrated fire of the forts on each side of the channel, but there is another huge fort, erected upon, a rock', dry at low water, calibre '. short Chas Wgnuc," which is but a little in the rear of the west end of the male and the great Querqueville for. Having run the gauntlet of these works, ships would, find themselves in a tolerably capacious basin, where from every point of the compass in windeyer position they might be' They would be riddled by the cross fire of batteries and forts which swarm in every direction, and which help to a veil the aggregate of 3,000 guns of large calibre which are iflouatecTin the works in different parts of the apparently im- pregnable position. Til i 3 outer port or harbour, according to the report of the commission appointed by Al. Decres, the minister of Burnie to Napoleon I presented in 181,1, contains anchorage for twenty-five ships of the line in summer and seventeen in winter. It was completed and inaugurated in 1873, in the presence of the Empress Marie Louise. The docks, which have been excavated from the granite rocks, lie in the south west corner of the basin or harbour formed by the great mole, and (their opening is towards the cast, THE INNER FORTIFICATION OF THE DOCKS. Along the face of the ducks there are numerous small toils and batteries which command not only a portion of the entrance by the Mulchay assisted by other butters on the shore, would soon sink, burn, or destroy" anything which had passed the ordeal of the outer forts. The docks are formed of a large basin, communicating with one to lie north, and this again with a large one to the west by there are three smaller basins beyond these at the northward there are 3 at the southern part of the excavation, into which an entrance U obtained through the central position and I basin. ' THE BASINS-There are two basins in a, 1; and it is the completion of the inner floating dock called << Dock Napoleon the Third," which forms the subject of the forthcoming celebration, and the dimensions of which, given in the Moniteur, we have already stated. It has cost 16,00! OOO francs (£640, 000 ), the first floating dock having been completed in J 823. FIIRT DES FLAMAND. At the entrance of the book is a gigantic fort, built on what is marked on the French admiralty charts as passe du Canal. It is a rock dry at low water, and upon this has been constructed the huge work called " Forts dis Flamands." This is one of the many works in which we have referred as supporting the out- works in the channel for the protection of the entrance. The fire of Fort des Flamands crosses with that in Fort Principal at the eastern end of the mole, and it would appear absolutely impossible for any vessel to pass the concen- tra ed fire of these mounted fo<is ; each side, as well as the fore, and every part of the luckless ship would be thoroughly and completely raked by the scathing fire which those forts would send forth. REDOUBT Town LA VILLE, care make security doubly sure, this Fort des Flumani's U support ed by a redoubt called "Tour la Ville." Approaching nearer the entrance of the duck there is Fort de Gales, still nearer Fort de Longlet and Fort du Home. The official statement is'Cherbourg defended by a fort constructed in the island Pelee (For Imperial), which was commenced in 1763 and finished in 1794, Fort C'iaragnar, Fort dcQucrq'teville, Fort des Flamande, Fort du If met, and S". Anne's barter)'.' THE LANDSIDC FORTIFICATIONS. We now gone to the other fortifications whichcnmp'ctely dominates the whole of the town and harbour. There are the Liege forts and redoubts which form two semi-circles around the town on the land side, The outer one consisting of a chain of detached star forts, and the inner being formed of a line of redoubts. The inner line of redoubts terminates at each end, near the harbour, the nearest one on the western side being what is termed the Battery St. Anne in the description of the Moniteur, and that on the east being the Tuiir la Ville, which we have referred to as the support of the Fort des Flamands. The other redoubts which complete the inner line, are called Des Complete, which is close by the cemetery, du Tot, tes Four chas, d'Oct critic and d Troller. These are all in a commanding position, and the guns would sweep the outer li.iibnuras well as the entrance channel. The chain of forts which stir round the town in Far allel Hues with (he redoubts consist of the usual bastions and re-entering angles. They command the country on the land side, as well as the harbour and works seaward. The names of these forts ore Fort de Route, next there is a Be doubt de la Fancouutcic, then Forts Duquesne, d'Ocievillr-, do Giismenil, des Vareado, and de Mandeville. THE ARSENALS, Along the docks there is a series of large buildings constructed for capensis, magazine, and mi vast stores of every description. For purposes of defence even thing that the genius of Vauban could devise, and all that the latest churriento could suggest, has been adopted, and our neighbours may congratulate themselves on the completion, after 150 years labor, of a naval fortress of the first classes server. THE QUEEN'S SPEECH. The Times thus criticizes the Prorogation address The Queen's English is proverbially ill used ; never more so than yesterday. Our' first impressions 011 reading "Her Majesty's message" were unaffected thankfulness that her own lips had not been insulted with its utterance, and a conviction that she could have written one a hundred times better. Who does these things? To what rant of office do they help it is anybody at all answerable for them or is direct author- ship dexterously avoided The only account we can give of the matter of this, document is that ministers, feeling they Did really something to say and had got the reputation of being rather too complacent, resolved to leave as much as possible to the imagination of the public. On the same principle, having two novelist? and a poet among them, and having, therefore, no reputa- tion to establish for good writing, they seem to have knocked off the address as if to set criticism at de France Certainly there is an end of the language, if this is to be a specimen, and should we undergo such a con opinion of style as the Greeks and the Romans, future critics will refer to the address from the throne of this present year as a principal date in the history of non-English,. The substation of the document is, so slight that it; almost eludes, detection. Jot on the bends, as Lord Derby might be supposed to have jotted them otF on half a sheet of note paper to some underling, and we see what it all comes tovWVßusy Session ;" " Done Something ;" 'a General Peace;" " Paris Conference;" Mutiny coming to an End ;" "India Bill ;" " Iieterjue Prosperous i" " Purification of the Thames 5" " Local Govcrmudiit j "Scotch Universities;" Transfer of Land j" " Now Columbia," etc.,-" Go home now and colour duty." This is really eh. Not a word about the drift Cttlt7 with France which brought in the government nor a hiutattho improved ing visit to Cherbourg, Pnu would have been too dramatic for novelists. There is used a word about Naples, or only passing ruffle with the Senate?. The Jew Bill is. left out altogether. It is carefully stated that Hur ALyesty has given a «' willing" or, as it is otherwise expressed, a " ready *' consent to this or that measure ; so we are to suppose that this could notbosjid of the admission of the Jews. So much for the matter of the, address. But the document is not so remarkable for its want of matter as for its positive beauties of style. We have a strong suspicion that the word " Session" is used in three distinct senses in the opening paragraph but without the ghost of Corbett at our elbow we will not venture into the mist of words. In the next paragraph " Her Majesty is 1 happy to believe that her relations." 'are such as to enable her to look with con, [ silence to some thing which, if i P is really safe, cannot possibly require such prodigious circumlocution, On the nex£ee!itenee,ubout the plenipotentiaries at Paris, we must observe that " labours" are usually supposed to terminate in a solution not to " lead" to it. The case of the latter word in this com- ; bination' implies the absurdity of the plenipotentiaries being led by their own j labours, just as ingenious mechanic s sometimes combine the oaths, of driver e j and horse in small wager made with cranks and treadle, and worked by the feet. The Indian paragraph, which one looked for with interest, and which, we fondly thought, could hardly escape being written in simple and touching language, opens with a confused mass of tautology, for which-we beg Mr. Sidney Herbert's pardon somebody ought to be hung. " 'The efforts, the gallantry, and devotedness displayed in India," etc. Granting that gallantry refers more to the brilliant class of deeds and devotedness to endure nea and perseverance what place has the word "efforts" in this combination ? If the two noble qualities Were "displayed," the efforts were not displayed, for the simple reason that they were themselves the displays, and reId not be the object of their own operation. The writer that merely prefixed efforts" to give plurality to his subject, and to justify the use of a plural verb, which so were a couple as gallantry and devotedness" would hardly have done. He had, however, a still more important object in view, and that was to supply a tangible subject for the second part of the paragraph. Her Majesty is represented as hoping that these efforts have already been so, far crowned with success," etc. ." Gillantry'and devotedness " having done their work in contributing to this glory of the war, are thrown aside, and the real work devolves upon his efforts" alone. The writer here appears to labour under an absolute incapacity adjusting relatives to antecedents or keeping any idea distinct enough to refer to it. After unfairly singling out those efforts from three things, all above all praise, for the ground of his hopes, he speaks of the formidable re- volt which has raged throughout a large portion of the Queen's "Indian posies sions, and only two lines lower far away himself obliged to refer to them again under the very tame description of those important provinces. The next paragraph, like the last, contains as many " and" as a school- boy's letter, and is also like it, to continuous in its fair c that we suspect the punctuation must have been left to the copying clerk. The language is com- monplace enough, but there is one expression in it which is not even common- place. Her Majesty is made to hope, by a just and impartial administration of the law, to secure e its advantages alike to her subjects of every race and creed. It is not clear whether these advantages are of the law, or of I a administration of the law ; but, on c this case, we submit that law is not a thing from which we usually expect " advantages " ' We are pect relief, assistance, and even beast, from law, not advantages, this word] being either employed for more posit A a and substantial results. Even in the brief remarks addressed to the Commons there is an unusual phrase. We have, often heard of an authorised statement as an authorised course of proceeding, was never of an authorised hope. In fact, we plead authority, not for our private indulgence in a ten to ment, but for the promulgation. So we don't quite see how the present state of the enemy could " authorise Her Majesty to enter- tain a confident hope that there Will be money enough in the Treasury. After these efforts, and " those in portant provinces," we are not surprised to find the Thames introduced as "that noble river ;" still less to hear that its present state is " little creditable" to a great country. The writer seems to bar aware there is such a thing as feeling and that there are words, which wil ex- cite it but he never betrays any feeling deep enough to save him from the most grovelling expressions immediately after. Erigida pngnabunt calities, humentia success. The rivet is noble, but its condition immediately after is little creditable. In the merest matters of business the speech betrays an equal depth of expression. Her Majesty has willingly absented to one Act, whereby greater; facilities are given to towns for the acquisition of powers for local improvement;, and soon after to another Act which facilitates the acquisition of an indefeasible title to land. It would not have been so very hard just to vary the phrase in two cases. very unlike. In the latter case the writer stumbles again into a difficulty by saying to refer to a thing after parting company with it. The Transfer of Land Bill,- by-the-bye it was not Act when the words were spoken, by certain assistance it gives to the purchasers of land in Ireland, " cannot fail to be highly beneficial to the landed! proprietors, and to advance the prosperity of that part of Her Majesty's do- minions." Thus Ireland, as India in the former part of the speech, has to be described over again in order to be recognised. There is really no end of that" and thoses" is this not unusually, long speech. The Act for the establishment of British Columbia was required in consequence of the recent discovery of gold in" that district." The last sentence is cast in precisely the same unfortunate mould as, the two longer ones in the former part of the speech, with the same run of " ands" and the same uncertainty of reference. "We cannot be quite sure whether the " influence" of the country gentlemen to, whom the closing appeal is especially addressed is not meant' to share with their local " duties" the honour of being hardly less valuable than their parliamentary position particularly as the influence and duties run together to the end of the paragraph. The question may not be very important, but the least uncertainty of meaning diffuses a haze over a whole sentence. It is intended that we are to run through this address as lightly as the author westerns We should like to know who did write it The President of the Education sons mittee of the Privy Council ought to have a voice in framing what must be' a model of style. Perhaps, after all, the Marquis of Salisbury in the real author.. If so it does not, authorise" us to enter tain a confident hope that he will do much to improve the education of his country. < . , 