THE NKW GOVEnSMEKT FOR INDIA. f From the 7Vme».) The India Dill was read a third time and passed in the House of Commons last night. Ko opposition is expected in tbe Lords, and we may accordingly consider tbat in a few dsysthe measnre will become law. So ends the great East India Company. It is impossible to contemplate the extinction of so mighty and historical a corporation without a feel ing similar to that witb which Gibbon beard tbe monks chanting in tlie Flavian amphitheatre, and beheld tlie corra feeding in the Roman Forum. For good or evil, a power bas passed away from the earth. After an existence »f more than twn centu ries and a half the corporation which was called into being by a charter nf Elizabeth, will be extinguished by the Royal assent expressed by the Commis sioners of Victoria. In any case we should be dis posed to observe tlie maxim of speaking uothiug but good nf the dead, and even if the Company had been no more distinguished than that which hunts for fare in I lie wilds nf I Sritisli America, or which in past years traded with tlie Levant, we should feel bound to respect a corporation which traces back its origin to the close of tlie sixteenth century. Bnt the East India Company has a right to something more than a decorous and respectful epitaph. For a bnndrrd years it has been a conquering power, and now that its time is drawing to a close it leaves the mother country possessed of an empire which gar mtmdiiig nations may and do envy. The East India Company is a type nf the agencies which has trans formed the England of tbe Tndors into the England of the present time, it lias bern fnun our earliest memory one of tbe chief boasts of this country, and the subject of jealonsy and admiration cinonR those nations of the Continent whnse day -'f colonization and conquest have bad their trial and their failure. Great exploits and great crimes have marked its history in the times when it was independent, and really was what it only pretended to be in after days — a corporation trading, acquiring territory, and catTving on wars in foreign lands with but the slightest control from its own Government. Some speakers have dwelt upon its usurpations, which were at times flagrant, and its injustice tn indi viduals, which was often undeniable, but we are content to allow tbe evil to be buried with tbe generations which produced it. and to remember only the genius, valnnr, and perseverance of the men wbo converted a little factory on the Hoochley and two stations on (he Corotnandcl and Malabar Coasts into the capital cities of the greatest Asiatic Empire which now exists. We think that witb every succeeding year, and with every advance of ?onnd enqniry, the spirit which found a gratification in tnrmrniing dive and Hastings, and in carping at Wcllesley. win be more, and more reprobated. 'piJeaefe^yl'trt^fcileTn t£ ^^Bra&* bri Sheridan is wanting, or that a better judgment pre vails in the community, certain it is that the shafts of censure have fallen powerless upon those mho have vigorously upheld tbe supremacy of their conntrvmen in distant regions. England may, then, jnstly honour the name and memory of the great Company which is associated with the rnoRt extraordinary conquest ever achieved by arms or pojiey. We may all feel a pang at bear ing of tbe last meeting in Leadenhall Street, bnt, onr regret is rather historical and traditional, than practical. Every one must fee! that the East India Company had lived its allotted term, and that if it now descends fall nf years and honours into the grave, it is best for its own reputation and for the public good. Tn fact, the East India Company had for many years ceased to exist as an independent Power. What was called by the name of the Company was an apparatus by which a certain num ber of men in aome degree conversant with Indian affairs were brought together and allowed * voice in the government of die British possessions in Asia. Since the Act of William Pitt the independence of the Company has been bat a shadow. Legislation irithin the present century took away tbe trade to India and China, then prohibited trade altogether, ?nd within the last few years has given the Crown the nomination of a portion of the Directors. The otter Directors have been ejected by tbe stock holders. * body whose dividends are guaranteed, and wbo Lave no more conoeidon witb India than the holders of consols or railway shares. In fact, the ao-called Company has been only ? combrons machine of doable government, having a nominal identity -with the corporation which sent out dive -and floote to conquer. Any friend of tbe Company who does not wish it to realise the line— 'EaperBaoas laga the veteran on Uw stage,' might well be glad that its existence has 'been -proucTit torn vJose at «, period when itbas becoma powerless for good, and can only exist as die in Btrenient of intriguers and the obstacle of efficient administration. And yet it has cost a good deal to abolish the East India Company. To lay that ghost of a great corporation his exercised die skill of tlie leaden of two parties daring six months of Parliamentary debates. Let no man despise a vested interest, however amall. or its possessor, however bumble, obscure, or foolish. Men will fight far their own. and fierce is tbe conflict when tbe public storms the citadel or self-interest. Tbe Court of Directors and their partisans bare waged an obstinate and not entirely unsuccessful war against two successive Ministries and the great mass of the nation. That the Company, or rather tbe system which went by that name, was felt to have forfeited the confidence of die country by die catastrophe of 1857 can hardly be denied. If the Company were the Lords of India they bad lost it, and tlie British people, by unheard of efforts, and the display of an energy without parallel, are just reconquering tlie dominion which had fallen from the grasp of the corporation. India had become, as it were, tlie property of tbe salvors, and it was within the right of the nation to assign tn it an efficient Government for the time to come. The abolition of tlie Company was resolved on, and so generally accepted that tlie transference of its power to tbe Crown has hardly been seriously re sisted in tlw House of Commons. Yet private interest and tbe power of an interested clique bave been sufficient to overthrow one Ministry and to modify the conduct nf another, and it lias required tlie assiduous attention of Parliament and the press to cm ry through a Hill which no one openly ven tured to oppose. Happily, public opinion is now too powerful to be withstood by any body of men. bow ever wealthy and strong in social position, and united by complex ramifications witb a large Par liamentary brigade. It has been reserved for the Ministry of LorJ Derby to carry out tbe long .expected change in tbe Government of India, and tlie President of the Board of Control deserves no little credit for his exertions and the ' »obcens which has attended diem. He has fought tbs Bill with ?kill aard.. firmness through committee. Amid the complaliita of a dearth of genius it is gratifying to find a man little over thirty years of age who has shown Iiiinselr fitted for the highest posts in a Parliamentary Government. 