At the Police.dohrt, on Moriday a police onstable appeared before Mr. Alderman Holse to apologize for having been late, and ileaded that he had overslept himself. Mr. -Iolne admonished him to be more indus rious in early rising, saying that for thirty *ears lie had got up at five o'clock in the norning. If a man's heart was in his work, he would not lie in bed in a morning. Bernard Growel a youth who, for four years, lad lived with his uncle, Mr. Michael Sugar, clothier and outfitter, of Great Howard-street, committed suicide ny hanging himself on 'uesday afternoon. He was playing at an execution, and had no serious intention ofdes roving himself at the time. A DISFIrURED OFFICER.-One of the offi zers decorated with the Victoria Cross by her Majesty is Captain Alfied Stowel Jones. At the battle of Agra he charged at the head of his squadron a large body of tiheenemy's cavalry, when a most desperate hand to hind m??,lf ensued. In the course of this, after -much hard fighting, Lieutenant Jones had his bri dle arm broken by a ball, and thus disabled was dismounted,-surrounded by the enem3, -and, if such an expression can be used towards a man who is still alive, he was literally cut to pieces, receiving no less than twenty-three 'bullet and sabre wounds in dif ferent parts of his body. One of the sabre wounds was of the most frightfiul kind; even, indeed, among the bloody records of the cavalry charges at Balaklava there is no parallel case of any one receiving such a gash and yet living. While endeavouring to rise from the ground, though already a mass of wounds, Lieutenant Jones was cut down by a _3en'.al horseman. So trenchant was thiL stroke tlat it literally cut away the whole of the left temple-left eye and' part of the left clheek bone, laying bare the brain. Yet, though it seems almost incredible, Lieutenant Jones managed to recover not only from this wound, but from the twenty-two others he received besides, though it is difficult to ima gine any more ghastly disfigurement than is left by the scar of this awful sword.-T/se 'Imn hA young lady, with a foreign, accent and rather eccentric manners, dressed all in white, with yellow boots, recently alighted at the Peterborough Railway Station. Her luggage was addressed as follows:-" Her Divine Mlajesty, The Zion Holy Ghost, Empressof the Universe, Beloved Bride of Heaven, passenger to Silverdale, near Lancaster." She stated that she was an angel from Heaven and presented one of the clerks with a tract, written partly in Latin, partly in French, and partly in En glish. The costume of the "angel" reminds one of that adoptedr by the lady of La Salette, which consisted, according to tile descriptions, of a white dress trimmed with a garland of silver flowers, a yellow silk apron edged with silver fringe, yellow stockings, &c.; How TO CATCH NANA SAHIn.-" An In dian Colonel," in the Spectator, gives the fol lowing as "the only infallible receipt to catch Nana Sahib":-" Let the Government ask Mr. J. C. Wilson, of the civil service-now, I believe, Judte of Moradabad-to capture him. it requires no personal knowledge of the vil lain to ensure his apprehension. Mr. Wilson will most, probably take into his confidence some thirty Asiatics; with these, well moun ted and armed, he will make a dash at his prey. Mr. Wilson is one of the best detec tives in India. He was a Thug-officer-has been a magistrate accustomed to long rides, -to finish by sitting on a wall all night and dropping down on his victim in the dawn. The offer by Lord Canning of £10,000 for the capture of the Nana will not have the de sired effect, simply because the natives are afraid of each other. Their name would be compromised among themselves, though there may not be the slighest affinity in caste between the captor and the prisoner, while in the Wilson case those who join him will satisfy their consciences by throwing the onus on him. With the Nana on his saddle-bow, the flanks protected, a few men to bring up the rear, and by fighting for a very few minutes, the prize would be secured. If my advice is not taken, the Nana will slip off quietly when the game is up, and years hence you will hear lie has died at a good old age in the garb of a religious medicant at Dwarka." ANOTHER MIICHIGAN HORROR.-BUT CHiRY OF A WOMIAN WHO IHAD PRIEVIOUSLY DEEN TARRED AND FEATHERED BY HER MURDERERS AND OTHERS.--It is only a few days since we chronicled the terrible murder of a sister by two insane brothers, near De troit. The Detroit Preoe Press of Saturday contains the particulars of another cruel but chery, in which a woman was also the victim, near Hastings, Barry County. They were obtained from the prosecuting attorney, while in Detroit in pursuit of the murderer:-" The murdered woman was Mrs. Jane Harding, of Napoleon. She was formerly, with her hus band, a resident of Barry County, and lived near John Dillin. About two years ago, three grain stacks belonging to the latter, which stood near Mrs. Harding's house were burned. This occurred in the day time, and was attributed by Ddllin to Mrs. Harding. He collected a party of five men, and they proceeded to the house of IMrs. Harding, took her out by force, tarred and feathered her, and then burned her house to the ground. For this act they were arrested, and having forfeited their bail once, and delayed the prose cution for some time, the matter was finally settled by the payment of 600 dollars on the part of the defendants. There the matter rested, and the Hardings moved away and settled in Napoleol, Jackson County. Some little time since, Mrs. Harding went back to Barry County, to visit her relatives residing tllhere. About two weeks since she deter mnined upon going home. Previous to doing so she had occasion to visit a post office a mile or two distant, and started in the morn ing for that purpose. Stopping at the house of a neighbour, she said she desired to see John Dillin in regard to a fencb whlich en closed a half acre allotment in which her child was buried, from which he had taken and carried away some rails. At this time Dillin passed by the house, and she joined him, the two walking into a dense piece of wood, on their way to the post office. Having ar rived at the centre of the woods, lie knocked lier downi, and stabbed her no less than sixteen times. He then threw her body into a cavity in the ground, caused by the up. turning of the roots of a tree, and threw a log upon it, together with some bark and other materials calculated to conceal it. Suspicions were excited at tile time, from the fiact that he was known to have entered the wood with her, and to have arrived at the post office much excited, and with muddy and torn clothes, alone. It being knoiwn that bad blood existed between them, some investiga tions were made, which resulted in no dis coveries, and it was supposed that she had found an opportunity to ride to the nearest railway station and gone home. A day or two since however, intelligence was received from her husband that she was not at homne, and the inhabitants at once turned out to look for her. They scoured the woods effectually, and on the second day found the body in the sname position it hadl been left in by the murderer. One leg and arm were urcicovered in the rubbish, but the body was untouched. The persons engaged in the search were at tracted to thespot by the stench arising from the decaying corpse. Dillin, who lad re mained in the neighbourhood during the two weelks intervening between themurder and the discovery of the body, left as soon as he received intelligence of the search whicli was being instituted, but was arrested at Lowell on tlhe Detroit and Milwaukee Railway, and taken back. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Dillin. 