LOST. (From CliCiihbers' Journal?) Looking over the Times' scv» riist ments eneseye often catches such as the following -'Lost, a Ytiuth' (while snips and schools exist, not so verv mysterious): 'Missing an elderly (yentleman ' (who has apparently walk ed quietly, off to his .City-office ' one morning, and never been heard of more1).' Or merely, ' Left his Home, John So and-bo, who, after more or iess entrea ties to return , thereto, may have the pleasure of seeing, by succeeding ad vertisements of 'Reward Offered' whether he is valued by his disconsolate kindred at ten, fifteen, or fifiy pounds. Other' bits' there are at which we feel it cruel to .smile : one for instance, which appeared for months on the first day of the month, saying ;' If you are not at home by ' such a date, 'I shall kave left England in search of you aad proceeding tp explain that he or she had ieft orders for that periodical advertise mentj giving^also addresses of bankers, &c.;, m case of the other's coming horae in the meantime ; all with a curious businesg- like,and yet pathetic providence against all chances,which rarely springs from any source save one. _ All newspaper readers must have no ticed in mysterious accidents or murders What numbers of people are sure to come forward in hopes of identifying the unknown'body.' In a late cise, when a young woman was found bru tally shot in a wood, it was remarkable how many came from all parts of the ^ view the corpse—persons who . ®U ,naissing relatives bearing ahe same initials as those on the victim's linen— parents with a daughter gone to service and then entirely lost sight of—friends with a friend gone to meet ha* husband, and embarked for Australia, but who had never embarked or been heard of again J and so oa ; all seeking some clue to a mournful mystery, which may re main such to this day, for the dead woman turned out to belong to none of them. But these things suggest the grave reflection—what a number of people there must be in the world who are, not figuratively or poetically, but literally 'lost who by some means or other accident, intention, carelessness, mis, fortune, or crime, have slipped out o the home circle, or the wider' round of friendship or acquaintanceship, andf never reappeared more ; whose place has gradually been filled up; whose name and date of birth in the family Bible—if they ever had a famuly and a Bible—stands neither the brief momen tous annotation'.? Married,' &c.;, nor the still briefer, and often much safer, and happier inscription, « Died '—nothing save the ominous, pathetic blank, which only the unvelied secrets of the Last Day will ever fill up. In the present times, when every body is running to and fro—when, in stead of the rule, it is quite the ex ception to meet with any man who has not navigated at least half the globe— when almost every large family has one or more of its members scattered in one or two quarters of the civilised or un civilised world—cases such as these must occur often. Indeed, nearly every person's^ knowledge or' experience could furnish some. What a li*t it would make !—worse, if possible, than the terrible ( List Killed and Wounded' which dims and blinds many ah uninT treated eve, or the ' List of Passengers and Crew/ after an ocean-shipwreck, where common sense forebodes that ' missing ' must necessarily imply death —how, God knows !—yet sure and epeedy" death. But in thi3 unwritten list of 'lost,' death is a certainty never to be attained—not even when such certainty would be almost as blessed as life, or happy, return—or more so. For in these cases the 'lost' are not about to be considered. By that strange dispensation of Providence which often * makes the most' reckless, the most lovable, and the ■ most froward, beloved, it rarly happens that the most Cain like .vagabond that wanders over the face of the earth, has not some human being who cares for him—no great or less decree, yet still cares " for bim. Nor, adjuring this view of the subject, can we take the strictly prac tical side of it, without perceiving that it is next to impossible for any human being so completely to isolate himself from his species, that his life or death shall not affect any other human being in any possible way. Doubtless, many presuade themselves of this fact, through bravado or misan throphy, or the thoughtless selfishness which a wandering life almost invari ably induces. They maintain the doc trine which—when a man has^ been tossed up and down the world, in In dia, America, Australia, in all sorts of circumstances; and among all sorts of people—he is naturally prone to believe the one great truth of life ; Every man for himself, and God for us all.' But it i» not a: truth ; it is a lie. Where every man-lives only for himself, it is —not: God—but the devil—" for us all." ' - - ' It is worth while, in thinking of those who are thus voluntarily 'lost,' to suggest this fact to the great. tide of our emigrating youth, / who go and God speed them if they go honestly— to make in a new country tne bread they Cannot find her£. In all the changes of work and scene, ; many are. prone gradually to forget—some to believe themselves forgotten, home fades away in distance—letters get fewer and fewer. The wanderer begins to feel himself a waif and stray. Like Dicken's poor Jo. he has got into a habit of being * chivid and chivid, and kept ' moviDg on ;' till he has learned to feel no partcuilar tie or ; in terest in anybody or anything, and therefere concludes nobody, can have any tie or interest in hirn. So he just writes home by rare accident, when he ! happens to remember it—or nev<r writes at all—vanishes slowly fW ivs everybody's reach; or drops suddei.ly out of the world ; nobody knows how, or when, or where ; nor ever can know till the enr:h and sea give UP their cleat'— But long they lookf'3 --J;'- fearsd, 2£u wept his distant home, . - i.r,r! vUTcired and started as they slept, Foi jv-y that he was come. Alas, how many a household, how toiany aheait, hae borne that utterly ir remediable- aiul iniei marble .rogui* worse far than the auguisli over a grave 5 which Wordsworth thas fai 111Jy indi caied in The AfEicticn of Margaret. I Where art thou, my beloved son ? Where art thou, worse to me than dead? Oh, find me—prosperous or undone ] Or if the grave be now thy bed, Why am I ignorant of the same, • That I may rest-, and neither blame Nor sorrow may attend thy name ? I look for ghosts, but none will force Their way to me. 'lis falsely said That there was ever intercourse Betwixt the living and the dead. For surely then I should have sight OF him I wait for day and r.ighfc, With Ioyo and longings infinite. It may seem a painfully small and practical lesson to draw from an agony so usspeakable ; but surely it canno be too strongly impressed upon our wan dering youth, who go to earn their living across the seas—in the Austra lian bush, or the Canadian forests, or the greater wilderness of foreign citie9, east and west : that they ought every where and under all available circum stances, to endeavour to leave a clue whereby their friends may hear of theuv living or dead' That if, always, it is the duty of a solitary manor woman, while living,;, so to arrange affairs that j his or her death shall cause least pain or trouble to any one else ; surely this is tenfold the duty of those who go abroad: that whatever happens) they may be to those that love them, only the dead, never the c lost.' Sometimes under this category come persons of a totally different fate—and yet the same—-whose true history is i rarely found out till it is ended, and j perhaps not then. People who have I sprung up, nobody knows how, who have nobody bolonging to them—neither ancestors'; nor deeendauts —though as soon as they are gone, hundreds are wildly eager to make themselves out to be either or both. Of such is a case now pending, well-known irj the west of Scotland, where the ' next of kin ' to an almost fabulous amount of property is advertised for by the Government, once in seven years; and where scores of Scoth cousins, indefinitely removed, periodically turn up, and spend hun dreds of pounds in proving, or failing to prove—for all have failed hitherto — their relationship to the' dear deceased. t This was an old gentleman in India, who neither there nor in his native Scotland had a single soul belonging to him, or cariDg to ' call consins ' with him; who, indeed, had never been heard of till he died worth a million or so, leaving all the wealth he had laboured to amass—to—Nobody. Truly the poor solitary nabob may be put among the melancholy record of those ' lost, ' whose names have been long erased, or were never writ, on the only tablet worth anything in this world —the register of friendship, kindred, or home. Similar instances of fortunes, greater or less, • going a-begging ' for want of heirs, are common enough—commoner than people hare the least idea of. Go vernment annually pockets—very honestly, and after long search and patient waiting—a considerable sura, composed of unclaimed bank dividends, and real and personal property of all kinds, the heir or heirs to which it is impossible to find. Among these, the. amount of dead sailors's pay is said to be a remarkable item —thousands of pounds, being wages due, thus yearly lapsing to government, because all the ingenuity of the harbour-master, into whose hands the money is required to be paid, cennot find any relative of poor departed ' Bill' or ' Jack '—whose place of birth has likely been never heard of*—who has gone under so many ; aliases that even • his right surname is scarcely discoverable, and; often has lived, died, and been buried as simple (Jack ' or ' Bill, ' without any sur name at all, - The indifference to an hereditary patronymic is a curious characteristic of all wanderers of the lower class. Soldiers, sailors, and -navvies engaged abroad, will often be found to have j gone by half-a-dozen different surnames or to have let the original name be ' varied ' ad libitum,' as from Donald to M'Don&ld;, and back again from Donald son, possibly ending as O'Donnell, or plain Don. Frequently, in engaging themselves, they w.ll give any new name that comes1 uppermost—Smith, Brown, Jones: or will change names with a ' write '—after the German fashion of ratifying the closest bond of friendship—t hereby producing inextri. cable confus jon, should they chance to die, leavin anything to be inherited. Other wiSF—of course it matters not. j They just drop out of life, nameless and unnoticed, of no more account than aj pebble dropped into the deep sea : and yet every one of theui must have - had a. father and s mother; may have had bro thers, and sisters, might have bad wives and children, and all the close links of home.. Much as we pity those who lose all these —the bonds, duties, and cares which, however heavy sometimes, are a man's greatest safeguard and strength, without which he is but a rootless tree, a dead log drifted on the waters—st/11 more may we pity those, in all ranks and positions of life, who are thus 'lost, Not in say discreditable sense, perhaps from no individul fault, but that fatal ' conjuncture of circumstances,' far easier to blama than to overcome— possibly from being c too easy," too gooci'' 'nobody's enemy but their own. Still by some means, or other—God help them—they ,have let themselves dro,; out of the chain of consecutive ex is?-'."ice, like a bead dropped off a string, r.r f.l are ' lostP' Equally so, are some, of whom few of us are so happy as never to have counted any—whom the American poet Bryant touehingly cnaracteiises as ' tbe> jiving lost.' Not the fallen, the guilty, or even the prodigal, so hopelessly de graded that, only at the gates of the grave and from on4 Father can he look for that restoration," to grant which, while he was yet far off, his Father saw him.' Not these, but others who bear no outward sign of -their condition ; whom the world calls happy, ioitunate, righteous,—and'so they may be towards many, yet to a few, familiar with their , deepest hearts, knowing all they were ] and might h^ve"been,still be irrevocably j hopelessly:f the living lost.' Lost as utterly as if the grave had swallowed lb tin up. ii ciiiT.td es liileily ts ore moumtlh for those that depait. to return no more. Everybody owns some of these > kin i.red, whom prosperity hqa taught that 'bluid' ia not 'thicker than water;' friends who have long ceased to share, anything of friendship but the name— perhaps not even ihat ; lovers who meet accidentally as strangers, brothers and .sisters who pass one another in the street with averted faces—the same' faces which ' cuddled ' cosily up to the same toother's breast.'• These-things are strange—sad and strange ; so strange that we hardly believe them in youth, at least not as possible to happen us ; and yet they do happen, and we are obliged to bear them- Obliged to en dure losses worse than death, and never seem if we had lost anything—smilingly to take the credit of possessions which we know are ours no longer—-or quietly to close accounts, pay an honorable di vidend, cheat nobody, and sit down honest beggars—but 'tis over! Most of us—at the eruTof (he year who are prone, morally as well as arithmetically to calculate our havings and spendings, and strike.the balance of our property —are also pione—and it may be good for ui too—to linger a little over the one brief item,'Lost.* Yet all these things must be, and we must pass ttrough them.that in the mys terious working of evil with good, our souls may come out purified as with fire. The comfort is that in the total account of gains and losses, every hone9t and tender soul will find out, soon or late, that the irremediable catalogue of the latter, we repeat, far lighter than at first seems; . Who ore the f lost ?? Not . the dead, who rest from; their labors, often to be eternally loved and respected. Not the far away, who, especially at the grand festival time,are as close to every faithful heart, as if their faces laughed at the Christmas board, and their warm grasp wished every one ' a happy new ■ year.' Never, under all circumstances that unkind tate can mesh together, under all" partings that death can make, need those fear to be either lost or losers, who, in the words of our English prayer-book, can pray together 'that admidst all the chances and. changes of this mortal life, our hearts may surely there be fixed where true joys are to be found.' Where whatever may be ' tongue of men or of angels ' that we shall have learned, to speak with, we may be quite sure that there shall be in it no such word as "Lost." 