A VISIT TO THE WESTERN GOLD- FIELDS. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER) No. IV Taking a farewell of Palmer's Oakey, and following the river to the westward through the narrow defile in the mountains known as the Gulf, from which it has burst, overcoming all obstacles to it's downward course, the traveller or gold-seeker emerges from the Upper to the Lower Turon district, and here the features of the country undergo a marked, change. Behind him gloomy precipices and overhanging rocks, flinging their dark shadows over the rushing waters—towering mountains, in every variety of contour, their base strewn with fragments of fossiliferous calcareous rocks, rich in marine shells, with tremendous blocks of the old red sandstone conglomerate, blackened by a contest with the elements for ages, and thrown about in the utmost confusion; while masses of trap rocks crown their summits,—and miserable gums, or mountain wattles, may be seen few and far between, taking roots in the clefts and struggling for existence. Before him are verdant dome-shaped hills, covered wiih the richest grasses, and insensibly sinking in long unbroken slopes until they are lost in the narrow flats through which the river takes its winding way, its channel marked by the sombre casuarina or the oak, ever faithful to the stream, while the native box and apple, with majestic gums thinly scattered over the green sward, contri- bute to the beauty of the prospect, which becomes enhanced by contrast with the rugged barrier just passed through. Here at Bingle Tree Flat, a solitary pair—a digger and his wife—have surrounded themselves with the comforts of a bush home. They have not been suc- cessfal in mining operations, although numerous shafts attest the industry of the man, but the location is against him. No quartz is to seen in the vicinity, and the bed of the river presents neither bar nor elbow favourable to the miner. The track now continues over a succession of flats and slopes, with a rich soil, offering many situations suitable for villa residences, or small farms, — the river making several detours round low spurs, terminating in very rocky bluffs, and keeping close to the base of the range of hills on the northern bank. Here is a farm in good cultivation, the crops of corn and potatoes giving evi- dence of the capabilities of the soil. Further on is a small auriferous creek, and beyond it is a rounded hill covered with yellow quartz pebbles. This hill has not been prospected, although, from the indica- tions, it is more than probable that it would repay the labour of the digger; half-a-mile along the path brings you to an elbow of the river, where it is driven by the opposite range to the southward for a short distance. Here are twelve or fifteen diggers' tents, and several new enclosures; and in this spot, on a large bar, are a number of men profitably employed. As you proceed the remains of tents, huts, and stockyards, with numerous shafts, the edges of which are hidden in long grass, with blackened stumps scattered over the flats, tell that the present solitude was once broken by crowds of busy men, who, having rifled the river of a portion of its treasures, have disappeared, and left no other trace behind them. Like a former generation, they have passed away: pursuing the path sometimes along the banks of the river, and sometimes over swelling knolls, you arrive at Arthur's station, in a situation of great beauty. Here the river follows a straight canal-like course between sloping green banks —so regular as to appear to have been artificial, with extended falling flats on either side—the hills on the north bank receding to some distance from the stream. The gold digger has done little, neither the straight Channel nor the formation of the banks offering much inducement. Here races for conducting the waters of the river for a distance of nine miles to the heights above Sofala have been commenced, the slight fall in the natural bed of the stream rendering it necessary to go so far back, and from this point the races are carried along high banks, scooped out of the side of hills and the round face of precipitous rocks in flumes, with incredible labour. A rocky bluff, im- pinging upon the river, now checks its course, and turns it northward, when it again takes a westerly bend, thus forming a large point on the north bank. This point has been a favourite spot with miners for several years, and it bears traces of an extensive population and heavy workings. Like most other auriferous points, it is the termination of a long slope from the main range. A number of diggers are still located upon it, some of them having been engaged working this point for the last seven years. Gold is still steadily procured in re- munerating quantities. The whole surface is auriferous and would repay sluicing operations if water could be obtained. One party has a machine for raising the water from the river, and finds that, although attended with considerable expense, gold is still in sufficient abundance on the high flat to repay the labour of some hundreds of men; in fact, all here are satisfied that what they require to ensure a moderate degree of suc- cess is the command of water. Crossing the high bluff, you descend upon Arthur's Oakey, at its junction with the main stream of the Turon, below which is an extensive bar, which the Chinese are putting through their cradles for the third or fourth time; they never bottom these bars, so that the bed rock is still untouched. Arthur's Oakey is a large creek, having its source in the broken descents from the table land near Wattle Flat. This stream passes through a rich auriferous district of broken country, and receives the waters of Sailor's Gully and Tobin's Oakey, both now cele- brated for the richness of their deposits. It was from the latter that 81 ounces of gold were taken in a few days, by three committee men, who, I fear, in their excitement consequent upon their good fortune, have forgotten to repay the loan from the committee. These repayments can alone enable that body to continue its patriotic labours, and it is to be hoped that the diggers generally will bear in mind that many of their fellows may still require the same assistance that they received in their hour of need. No inconsiderable number of diggers, by means of the advances from the committee, have made their way back to their old claims in this district, whom I frequently fall in with in my rambles; they are slowly recovering from the effects of their trip, and have learned, by sad experience, to entertain a greater respect for old Turon, with his creeks and gullies. There are several diggers at work on Arthur's Oakey, scattered along its banks in the most favoura- ble situations At the junction of this creek with the Turon a store and public-house has recently been es- tablished, and the surrounding population seems to be thriving and contented. There is one curious coinci- dence that holds good; on all the gold-fields, which is, that the further removed is the digger's hut or tent from a public-house the greater the appearance of comfort and industry surrounding it. You can always tell when you are nearing a rum-shop by the state of the gardens and enclosures; and, I may add, of the few women and children to be met with, they appear to be under some blighting and withering in- fluence: the women are haggard and care-worn, the children filthy and in rags, the hut a tumbling pile of rotton bark and dirty canvas, and the garden a dense mass of rank weeds and broken fences—a snake's paradise; this, on the diggings, is a drunkard's home. The traveller now passes over a spur from Razor- back and two or three slight ridges, when he has be- fore him a beautiful slope of great extent from a cone- like summit, round the base of which the river sweeps with a wide bend, the steep hill on the northern bank rising from the edge of the stream. On this place about sixty Chinese were busily engaged in sinking shafts, the whole of the lower part of the slope was pegged out in claims. Some of the holes were bottomed at twenty five feet and from what I could learn, they were in high spirits, and were doing well. It is said that they had struck a payable lead, which might might have been expected from the spirit of industry which pervaded the whole party. It is impossible to find out exactly what the Chinese are doing ; their unvarying answer of "No savee," covering every proceeding with a cloak of mystery. Further on is a Chinese store, and here isolated tents and huts begin to dot the green slopes on the banks of the river. The path now leads over the stream to the north bank, over which is the low rising spur of Heath's Hill, which, if we are to "judge by the debris of tents and shanties, and the manner in which it has been rooted up, and the number of holes, has formerly given em- ployment to a large population. It is now deserted. Below this is Christmas Bar, lately turned over by the Chinese—very extensive, and now also deserted. Re- crossing the river at Green's Point, several neat tents and gardens, with three or four more sub- stantial buildings, are to be seen; and here are some immense blocks of quartz, from a reef higher up the hill. The several races in progress cross this flat. The path now becomes a road; and, ascending the hill, on the top, you find that there has been some extensive surfacing or shallow sinking, now aban- doned, although the flats and slopes around held out fair inducements to the digger. Want of water is the drawback, the river being upwards of a mile distant. You now ascend and descend two sharp ridges, and find yourself in a pretty village, containing several cottages and some well-cultivated gardens, with a large public house. This is Pennyweight Flat, through which the creek of that name makes its way to the river opposite Alice's Point. I may here observe that the richest part of, the main stream is always opposite the point where a creek disembogues at a right angle with the current of the river. Alice's Point is consequently rich. A race is now cutting to sluice the surface. Pennyweight Creek gives employment to between thirty and forty European, and a number of Chinese, whose tents are to be seen scattered up and down its steep declivites; it is not rich, but affords steady wages in return for constant labour; it falls from the table land near Bullock Flat. In former days some rich deposits were found near its mouth, but it has always been overshadowed by its more wealthy neigh- bours. The road now leads you to the top of a low irregular shaped hill, apparently formed by the debris brought down by the immense ravines on either side and from the height in its rear—this is Ration Hill; the River nearly encircles its base, and separates it from Alice's Point and Row's Hill on the north bank. Here every object proclaims that you are on the verge of what was a first-class gold-field; the hills on either side are shorn of their sylvan beauties to the water's edge, naked and bold they stand out in bold relief against the sky and form a suitable back ground to the apparent surrounding desolation. You can, by no great stretch of imagination, fancy yourself looking down upon the wreck of some mighty city, after having been engulphed by an earthquake—the ground uprooted in every direction, and temporary shelters erected by the few surviving inhabitants here and there, without order, amongst the piles of rubbish, in- terspersed with tents of all sizes and shapes. The oak has disappeared with every particle of vegetation; the channel of the stream has been out to four times its natural width, while the Turon goes struggling along amongst heaps of detritus which mark where the gold digger has been at work; the green slopes are pierced by a thousand shafts; the banks of the river, as far as the eye can reach on both sides, are a succes- sion of heaps of earth and stones; gullies by excavation have become ravines, and of all that mass of humanity which for a time peopled these valleys, but a small portion remains, and, with them are scattered the treasures that for ages haye rested undis- turbed. Standing on Ration Hill you have to your right, on the north bank, Alice's Point ; below that is Rowe's Hill—there are some in Sydney can say how rich that was—further on, Mundy's Point, beyond that the far-famed Golden Point, and lower still Maitland Point; the whole covered in by a high range verdant to the top, with a few short ravines leading their waters to the river. On the left, three conical bald hills, of considerable elevation, are to be seen some- what alike in formation, forming the termination of ranges from the tableland; the first is Red Hill, at its base Thompson's Hill, the other two are nameless. Following the road from Ration Hill, and carefully treading your way amongst the many dangerous shafts and holes on both sides, you find yourself at the confluence of Big Oakey with the main river. Near Climor the miner, in former times, has obtained as much as 105 ounces of gold in a single day with one cradle, and here many others have raised themselves to competence by a few weeks' labour. It is this creek which has carried the wealth of the table lands to Mundy's Point, and en- riched Erskine Flat. Big Oakey is now nearly exhausted; it has been worked over and over again, always repaying the labour expended upon it. Now, but a few scattered old diggers are to be found wander- ing amongst its gloomy rocks, like ghosts of the de- parted revisiting the scenes of their former joys where they have taken pounds weight, they are now satisfied with pennyweights. Proceeding over Erskine Flat, you see that the sinking has been deep, through a reddish seam, from 30 to 40 feet, and the ground rotten and dangerous; added to which, being in some pinces lower than the bed of the Turon, the water was difficult to contend with; but if the danger and toil was great, the reward was in proportion. Much of this flat is still payable, and there are many good pillars, but they are difficult to be got at, although many tents and huts line the way side. Sinking on the flat is nearly abandoned, and I can fancy an old digger accosting his mate in the words of Ben Bolt, with "Of all that we knew in former days, but you and I remain." Onward, still cautiously steering amongst the dangers that beset the path, you pass a Chinese encampment; the tents are huddled together in filth and confusion. Here is the mouth of Little Oakey, which is much cut up, has also been rich, and has strewed its gold, between Erskine and Golden Points. These spots have yielded as much as sixty ounces of gold daily from a single claim; they also are nearly abandoned, and, like the others, have seen the best of their days. The Chinese continue to wash old headings and tailings, and thereby earn small wages, but the Europeans at work here are few. The road now leads you along the bank of the river, under a spur from Church Hill for a quarter of a mile, when, sud- denly rising, over a ridge, you are in the town of Sofala. The Parsonage and English Church, with the Denominational School- house, are on a rising ground to the left, presenting an appearance of order and neat- ness creditable to the town. Crossing Church Creek, which has been turned topsy turvey by the diggers, you find you are in the main street, which stretches along the banks of'the river. It commences at Church Hill, and terminates under the high ridge of rocks forming Lucky Point. The town is built in a basin, formed by the high flats be- hind it and the steep range on the northern bank. At its western extremity, a ridge infringing upon the river, and entering far into the opposing range, causes the channel to make a sharp detour to the northward, when it is again driven southward by the hills, until, resuming its westerly course, it forms Sheep-station Point. Maitland Point is opposite the lower end of the town, formed by the angle of the river, and has also been extremely rich. A large party of Chinese are here attempting, to divert the channel so as to dry the present bed of the stream, under the rocks at the elbow. The works are well executed, and they will, in all probability, be successful, if the season proves propitious. They are their their own engineers, and intend to use Chinese pumps worked after the manner of a tread-mill. These pumps are said to be very effective. A floating foot-bridge, built upon casks, connects the town with Maitland Point; on this side is the commissioner's establishment with the police camp. It is in beautiful order, with flourishing gardens—quite a refreshing sight, after the negligence and contempt of everything like regu- larity to be seen amongst the diggers round about the township; in fact, when everything must sink before the pick and shovel, it cannot be otherwise. Mait- land Point is like the rest—a tradition. With the exception of the Chinese enterprise, few are at work; there the difficulty is, as elsewhere, want of water. The chief establishments in Sofala are in the main street There are a few well-built wooden houses, but the majority of the buildings are on the spot where the first tents were pitched. They are of the simplest construction, and have been enlarged from time to time to meet the necessities of the occu- pants, Thus, one edifice in itself will unite all the orders of architecture known on the gold-fields, can- vas tent, bark gunyah, slab and weatherboard: this may be accounted for by the fact that the town is not built where it was laid out, but mainly on the Govern- ment reserve. Notwithstanding its ephemeral aspect, it is a place of considerable trade, containing nume- rous well stocked stores, mechanics of every descrip- tion, two wholesale butchering establishments, l8 public-houses of all grades, including two good hotels, Kearney's and Mendel's, with three or four medical men. They had formerly an hospital, built at a cost of upwards of £300; for some cause it fell into disuse, and was sold for £37there is now on— attempt to re- establish it, which meets with the oppo- sition of a small section of the inhabitants. There are three places of worship—Church of England, Roman Catholic, and Wesleyan, all well attended, with two or three schools, at the head of which stands the Denominational, attended by 75 boys, and 64 girls, of which 30 belong to the Roman Catholic Church, and the remainder to various denominations of Christians. The children look clean, healthy, and happy, and do credit both to the town and those under whose charge they are placed. In a district where every boy can earn from 5s. to 7s. 6d. a day with his tin dish, it is pleasing to see such an act of self-denial on the part of the poorest portion of the inhabitants, and promises well for our rising generation. Sofala contains about 750 inhabitants, and 350 within a circuit of four miles: of this number about 300 are actually engaged in digging—with a floating popula- tion of Chinese, uncertain in their movements, and varying from 200 to 700. A small number of miners are employed up and down the river, and in the neighbouring creeks and gullies, while others are sinking in the slopes below the racecourse, behind the town, with a fair prospect of making wages, the average earnings being about an ounce a week to the hand; the remainder are engaged in cutting races to bring the water from the River on the high lands, with the object of sluicing the old worked out claims, and such portions of the ground as would not pay for transport to the river for cradling. From these operations the miners are sanguine of success; a number of hired hands will be employed in a few months, and the yield of gold in the district will be greatly increased. It is expected, when the races are completed, that the ground to be sluiced will pay from £6 to £15, a week to the hand. One company, now sluicing by means of boxes in the vicinity of, Ration Hill, are clearing from £12 to £15 a week each on old ground. The following are the principal races in pro- gress:— Crossman's party, from Heath's Hill, with various points on the line of the race, 4 acres. Kearney's party, from the junction of Razorback Creek with the river to Heath's Point, 4 acres. Purss and party, from Green Point to Erskine Flat. Watts and party, from Golden Point to Sheepstation point, 6 acres. Geach and party, to wash Alice's Point, And three or four others of minor importance. Wilds and party are cutting a tail race to work the bed of the Turon, from Erskine Island to Mundy's Point, which is expected to be a paying speculation. Although much of it has been previously worked ever, the bed of the river has never been thoroughly tested, and some points are now believed to be extremely rich, particularly under Alice's Point, Ration Hill, Rowe's Hill, and below Patterson's Point; in fact, the river, with the exception of two miles above and below the town, is still untried, and has yet to yield its riches to superior engineering enterprise, when an increased population will facilitate more extensive operations. In the meantime the hills surronnding the town have also to be prospected, it is unquestionable that some of them contain gold that will remunerate the prospector; if not, rich quartz reefs that will yet afford employment to large numbers of minors and others. Gold is as assuredly not of so easy attainment as in former years, the alluvial deposits are nearly exhausted in the im- mediate neighbourhood of the town; but, taking the Turon and its tributaries as a whole, they neither can, nor will be worked out for a long period. On these gold-fields does Sofala depend for support; and should they be abandoned at any future period, a few years will serve to sweep away everv trace of its existence. The Chinese are a hard-working, industrious people on this river, but it is a question worthy of deep consideration how far they benefit the co- lony by their labour—they can never amalga- mate with the people. Chinese they come—Chinese they live amongst us, and Chinese they will leave us, carrying with them no mean portion of our mineral wealth, to enrich the Chinese Empire. The ground that they exhaust would, in process of time, employ our own people; it is a mistake to imagine that they confine themselves to claims abandoned by the whites. A little time serves to make them good miners, al- though unequal to Europeans. I have seen many claims on the Turon worked by them in the best possible manner, and their industry and system of co- operative labour compensates for their individual want of bodily strength. The strongest objection that can be urged against them is, that they are not of us, 'or our race,' and between them and ourselves there is no common bond of sympathy. I may be permitted to add, as I am on this subject, that, whilst we exhibit a laudable anxiety for the sal- vation of the South Sea Islanders, and in sending missionaries amongst thom, we are losing an oppor- tunity nearer home. To Australia might belong the honour of being made the instrument for bringing one of the most populous nations of Pagans on the face of the earth under the glorious banner of the Cross, If they are to carry a portion of our earthly treasures back to their own land, let us endeavour to teach them also to lay up for themselves treasures where the moth doth not corrupt, and where the thief doth not break through and steal. It is in our power, if we will not tax them for permission to dig gold, at least to make them pay the cost of their own improvement. 