TICTORIA. ["From oar o*n Correspondent.! Melbourne*, June 5, 1S58. Oar Legislative Council seems determined not to Jo things by halves, u:H to render itself as obnoxious us possible. Tile operation of Mr. Fellows's Act, for the mure ca$v recovery of small debts and demands, had become so grave a social evil that its repeal or modifica tion became imperative. A. Bill for this pur pose passed the Asse.nbiy, as you are aware ; but oil its being sent up to the Council, tliat body refused to allow it even to be introduced, much less to be read a first time-an unparlia mentary and unconstitutional proceeding, whkb must cause their enemies to rejoice aud tlicir friends to grieve, while it cannot fail to add fuel to the smouldering fire of tumult and riot with »vhieh a certain small section of our population seems imbued. Parliament was prorogued yesterday to the Sill of July, but with tin; intention of a still further prorogation. The very prolix speech prepared for llis Excellency Sir Henry Barkly you will find in the paper I eacljse. Of its aoracwhat menacing aspect, your readers can judge for themselves. I am very glad to be enabled to stale that Mr. Duffy is recovering, though slowly. The lion, gentleman is not yet out of danger. A feeling of real regret pervades all circles here at Ills illuess. A marriigc between Sir Henry Barkly and a young lady, whose name I forivar to mention, IB on the tapis. There is, I believe, some truth in the report, but the;e are topics which arc bettor not alluded to iu public journals in detail, until their correctness is announced on decisive authority. We have received Melbourne journals to tlie St'i instant. Parliamentary Phoceedikgs. - In the I/egislatire Assembly, 011 2Sth May, notice was given by Mr. Humilray of liU intention, on an early day in the ensuing session, to move for the appointment of a Sclent- Committee to re port upon the necessity of organizing a Militia force, and making < t'r.T provision for defence against invasion. A Liill was brought in by ilr. Evans, and read n first time, enabling the Poitmaster-G-eueral to issue money orders. Mr. Mollison's motion for the separation of the offices of .Master in Equi.j' and Chief Commis sioner in Insolvency was negatived, Mr. Grant having moved the previous question, which was carried. The Koad Districts Assessment Bill, and the Particular Friendly Societies Bill, were passed through their concluding stages. After a long and animated debate in Committee j on Mr. Grant's Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt Bill, tlie Chairman, on the motion of Mr. Service, carried ou division by a majority of | one, reported progress. The House having ic sumed, discussion ensued as to the lime at which the measure should be further consi dered in Committee, which resulted in its being maJa; an Order of th:L Day for Tuesday. Tne Marriage Laws Consolidation Bill was, after some discussion, committed pro forma; and the Partnerships Bi 1 having been again recommitted for verbal amendments, and re ported, the adoption of the report was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday. In the Legisla tive Council, 011 1st June, Mr. Miller brought up the report of the joint Committee of the two Houses, being an address of congratulation to Her Majesty on the marriage of lI.R.il. the Princess Boyal, whL-li was agreed to be pre sented to the Governor for transmission to Her j Majesty on Thursday. Mr. Miller announced the intention cf His Excellency to prorogue j Parliament on Friday. The Sewerage and ! "Water Act Amendment Bill, the Geelong Boundaries Restriction Bill, and the Careless Use of Fire Bill, were severally passed through their concluding stages. The Koad Districts Assessment .Bill and the Mining Partnerships Bill were read a first, time. In the Legislative Assembly Mr. O'Stianassy announced that the Government had iixed Friday next as the day on which the Parliament should be prorogued. The Partnerships Bill was passed through its c mcluding stage#, and sent up to the Legisla tive Council. The Post-Office Money Order Bill was read a second time and committed. The clauses were passed, and the Bill was re ported to the House. The Imprisonment for ] Debt Abolition Bill again excited considerable discussion. Several amendments were proposed I and negatived, and a clause introduced by Mr. Ireland was subsequently passed with amend ments, together with a new preamble. Tiie Bill was then reported, the adoption of the re port being made an Order of the Day for next i day. Pkorogatiok or Parliament.-The fol lowing is a copy of the speech delivered by the | Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, in proroguing Parliament on the 4th iust. : " ME. Pbesidbvt a^d Hoyoehable Gntf ileitis OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, "Mb, SrHAXiiR and Gustleuutcop iho LEGISLA TIVE Assexulv, I rejoice that I am at length iilibei to release you from jour attendance in Parliament. Osingto the short duration of the recess, after a very p.otracLcd session, you have been eilltd upon lo attend to your Parliamentary duiief, willi very little intermission, lor upxa-ds of nine teen months. Upon the inauguration of a new Consti tution, and with the nii-iisterial changes that have taken i pine.', this was, perhaps, unavoidable. Moreover, the great and continued iuc rease of tlie population of this country, and the rapid dcvelopmtnt of its resources. Tinder circumstanees almost unprecedented, necessarily gave birtli to a large amount of jcgitlatiou of a new and : experimental character. This could net he effected with out a inuri than or<ii\arv demand u; on your time and labour. The cheerfulness w.lli which you have applied yourselves to the legislative business ef the country during the lengthened period to which X have alluded claims from me an expression of the very high sense X entertain of the zealous assiduity with which you have devoted yourselves to the public service. "It will be wit);jn your recollection iliat the principal objeet which I had in view in calling yoa togeih.r n December last, was that of laying before you certain measures for the amendment of the Constitution. I Mtfn announced that it was not the intention of lily ad yi^ew to sub:nit lor V'.-ur conaiJe atiuu any subjects in ot which legislation was not immediately rc «iuixe<t- Jfy present advisers upon taking ofH-e con curred in tftat view, tlie more especially as the recent extension of the franchise rendered it both just and fKpes-ary that j»easures of importance affecting ihe in Ptf&te; and welfare of the wh«»!e community abtmld te j considered by a Parliament elected upon ihe broadir ' baste of tlip ejptended franchise. Tliis view has beeii os far as provable observed. The Bill for Altering the Electoral Districts of the Country and for Increasing (.he Number of Al*mt)e<s of the Assembly, passed PT the House into which it was iu roduced, and the con stitution of which it crelu-iveiy affetj.'ed, has not secured file qspcurrence of Ihe Legislative Ccancil. I have no desire to interfere Willi tlie del:b:raUous of either House ct Parliament ou the subject, it tiiusr, however, be obvious to you that in the pro-cut state of the C listi lu t'03 rep^escnlation ia very unequally distributed, whilst ihe present Legislative A-sen.hly is too li nitc-' in point of numbers for the proper c induct of the legislatiic business of tlie country; it will therefore be the duly of I my responsible advisers, immediately upon the rcas- ' fieoiblingof Parliament, ag;>in to introduce the Bill in question for yoar consideration. "The Bill for shortening the duration of Parliament fUfi passed by the Assembly without the concurrence of Pr&fjori;'T ef tiie whole Uwsc. I have beui advUid JJintfljijU a majority was necessary, under the Constitu tion iiad that it was also requisite that it should fie reseiv^ for the signification oi Her Majesiy's pUa S.urn. "To lmve fcranf^ultcd to the Se:retary ofStatc a Bill bad been iriv^ulrirly pissed would hive been to incur the fisk ot jiayiflg it returned to ine for reintroduc tion. An a means of fvpiiing this delay, I have dis allowed it, with a yiew tg jts early introduction in the ensuing session. As it could pot take effect, even with the present Parliasn-n', until tie end of next year, this delay will be of no consequence, and it can be re-enacted, reserve ), and xecdred ba;-k from England, long before the earliest possible period for its operation can arise. *' The other llill= whi.-li have been passed duiiug the present session, and to which I have given Her Majesty's uxscjit, though not iuvolvia* questions of constitutional importance, are nevertheless or a valuable character. '. Tbe Bid for the Simplification of the Oaths of Office places persons of ail religious denominations on a foot ing of equality, and its er.aatment will, I have 110 doubt, promote, at intended, the harmony and welfare of Her Majesty's subjects in this colony. -"The Bill to facilitate tlie formation of Mining Asso ato&gfi; has been framed with especial reference to the ; reiiniicjjfiuts of themiuisgcommunity, and w.ll, I trust, Jis found ia promote that co-operatiou of capital and *»bour, wldi&£$ which no productive industry n #j*rjsh. " ''fje Bill to cnabie pic to appoint a Vice-President of Kotpji of Land and Works has been rendered neces sary by tjw great increase which lus teken place in the wujiuess ,Qf ffec departments under the control of that fjoardj consequent upon the commencement of the great trjjnk lilies of railway. I trust it will be fonnd to relieve tile responsible bead of that department from a portion of his arduous labours. *' The other Bills fo which I have absented in Her Majesty's name, though of a highly useful character, need no particular obseivation from me. They bear witness, however, to the care with which you have con sidered the public wcl'are. "Since the passing of the Acts of the last session for the construction and maintenance of railways, active measures have been adopted for carrying iheir provisions ' tn'o immediate operation. "A contract has been taken for the construction of the main trunk line from Melbourne to Sandhurst, and the works will be commcnccd and prosecuted without delay. "The tenders for the line from Geelong to Ballarat were, in the first instate;, snch as it was not deemed advisable to accept, and the line and sections were r* sdveitised. New tenders have been opened, and there seems no reason to doubt that the Government will be enabled to carry on this important line concurrently with that from Melbourne to Sandhurst, "Kegotiatiens have been for same pending for the disposal of the debentures which you have authoriz.'d to be issued. A communication was aidrcssed in December last to the emimnt house of baring Brothers, inviting them to state the terms on which they might be dis posed to negotiate the whale of the lnan. A communi cation was received from them in reply, which reached mo in April last to the cBtct that the/woL^ld a confidential agent to this country will full powers lo treat with this Government on the subject. In conse qnence of this communication my adviFers suspended all notion In the matter until the arrival of the ageit, which took place in May, when he immediately placed himself in communie ition with the Government. The terms he was enabled lo offer were, however, deemed by my ad vieerstobenotofa sufficiently tdvautageous charac:er to justify them in recommending their acceptance. "In the meantime, certain proposals were made by our principal banking iiutitntions, juid after touie neeo tlations an arianzement has been finally concluded, upsn it basis whi^h will, £ hope, prove very satistactoiy. I have directed that the whole of the correspondence on tiie subject should lie laid before ' oth Homes of Parlia ~ment. You will find that precautions have been taken to secure ample means for the purpose of carrying on the irreat works you have authorized, without inter runt ion or delay, aod to effect, this with as little dis turbanoe as possible to the ordinary relations of com IBttoe, "The importance of these mcasuics_ cannot be oyer j estimated; they will receive the unremitting attention i of myself and my advisers durhg the rcees?, and the fullest information as to the r progress will be from time to time communicated to Parliament. ?? Ths line of electric telegraph has been completed from Melbourne to Adelaide, and would hire beGu opened to the public but foT an accidcnt i o a poi t'cuof tbe line on the Adelaide side, the exact particulars of which have not jot reached this Government. The lh-e to Sydney is nearly completed, and both will be* 0;>en--d to the public in a few weeks. Negotiations have also been brought to a suceesa'ul Usu» for the tclejraphie con nection of Victoria with Tasmania; bat iro n the diffi culties iu the way of determining the must s.ifc line oi deposit i.»r the vubmariuc cable, some time must ncce sarily elapse before the work itself can b.j brought, to .1 successful tcr > :«ation. 2Co labour will be spared by my advisers in carrying forward these great public im provements, so essential to our material and social pro greBs. "During the Tocess I shall otherwise avail myselfoj the rowers which I possess to effect all such improve ments as I am co&peicut; to carry out *vithout legislative aid from von. It wiil bj my earnest endeavour to urpe npoa the Impcrir.I Government the necessity of enforcing a more faithful performance of the contract for the mail service between Eupland aud Australia. "Gextlemen OF THIS LEGISLATIVE Assemuly, *' I thank you f »r the readiness and liberality with which you have voted the Buppiire necessary for the public service. It will be my duty to administer the expenditure with due regard to economy £nd ibe effi ciency of the public departments. " I am bnppy to be able to inform you that the revenue and the public credit are in a most satisfactory condition. The large proportion of the cousolidated revenue which you have felt yourselves justiiicd in dcvotmgto public works of a beneficial nature bears witness to the extent of the available surplus ove* and above the ordinary ex penditure cf the Government. "It is gratifying-to lind that the temporary ehcck to our tonuncrclil prosperity, caused by the embarrassment which recently prevailed in England, has passed rapidly away, and there seems every reason to hope thai our present satisfactory fiuanelal coudilion wilt be long maintains "HOSOCB'.BLB GENTLEMEir OF TUB LEGISLATIVE COCNCIL, A^D (jKKTLEMJiX OF THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. " I now dismiss you to soar liomes and joar private affairs. In future it will be ray earnest endeavour lo tix the periods of the meeting of Parliament at such a period of the > oar as will conduce, as much as possible, to your convenience. At the B one time, it will be the duly of m/advisers to present the measnrof of Govern ment to your consideration in such manner as to afford y iu the opportunity of reducing the sesjons within reasonable limits. " The evils uf a protracted session arc not confined to the cxaelinjr of sacrifice-* from you wni -h may operate very seriously upon your private affairs. An almost perpetual session operates most injuriously on the:d miuisiraiivc business of the country, scarcely second iu importance to thatofleiishition. Tim? is necessary no" merely for the prepjration of thos? Jrjri-lath'e measures which ilie t?rov\ in^ wants of the community require, but. for the Euce&'stul eiceutiun of those threat measures of matcri-I and social improvement whicli your Jcgir-lation has inititted. In the arduous duty ol carrying tli s improveni'uls into execution, I ncecT hardly assure you that my advisers will receive at my hands the rnos aciive and earnest co operation and su;vor\ "I now in Her ll-jesty's name declare this Pai 1 uncut to he prorogued to the 8th day of J n'y. "Hexby Uabklt, OJVenior." The Act3 op THE SESSION*.-Before the delivery of the prorogation i-peech by Sir II. Barklv, th 3 Acts of the session were Jixi'l before him, and were dealt with as follows :-Duration j of Assembly Bill-assent withheld ; " Crown" Explanation Bill-reserved l'ov Her Majesty's assent; Slain Trunk Line of ilail-vay Bill, Union Bank Act Amendment Bill, lioad Act Amendment Bill, Friendly Societies Bill, Greelong Boundaries R.istriolion Bill, Careless Use of Fire Bill, Mining Partnerships Biil, tieelong Cras Company Bill, Board of Land and Worts Act Amendment Bill, Sewerage and Water Act Amendment Bill, and Post Office Mouey Orders Bill-assented to. THE Hkioum BILL.-An Assoeia' ion called the "Social and Political Union" has been getting up nil agitation in Melbourne against the Parliament on account of the rejection by the Legislative Council of the Kelorni Bill, which had passed the Assembly. The iollovv iug account of an opea-air meeting, he-Id in the | Eastern Market, on the 31st Mjv, is from the Herald: "A meeting convened by the Social and Political Union was held in the Eastern Mar ket yesterday evening, 31st May ; Mr. Godfrey in tiie chair. In the course of the proceedings it I was estimated that there were about 8,030 per sons present. 'i he object of the meeting was to adopt a petition to llis Excellency praying for the immediate dissolution of the Legislative Aiseilibly. Ihe meeting was addreised by Air. Linai-J, Air. Lee, Mr. Osborne, .Mi'. Bon, and Mr. Harden. The several speakers strongly urged the necessity ior a dissolution in order that it might bo shown to the Legislative Council, through a general election, lliat the people were desirous of seeing a Bei-irm Bill passed similar to the one recently rejected by that branch of the Legislature. It was also urged that a dissolution was necessary to allow of the Legislative Assembly being purged of " traitors," and their plaecs oceupicd by men entitled to the confidence of Ihe people, which very few of the present members possessed. Witli the view of showing to the Legislature, to the citizens of Melbourne, and to the country, that the people were really desirous of reform, a torchlight processional demon stration, headed by an instrumental band, with banners, would, it was stated, take place the following evening, to meet the expenses of which a collection was taken up. The petition to llis Excellency, which was adopted by the meeting with cheers, was as follows : - "To His Excellency Sir Henry Barily, fiovernor-:n Chief of the Colony of Victoria, Knight Commander of the Bath, Jte., &o.; "The petition of the undersigned inhabitants of Melbourne and the suburbs, " JI umbly showctli .' That your petitioners vietv with the greatest a!arm and disappointment the course pursued by 3our Excel lency's Executive Council, which is, in their opini u, calculated to lower them 111 the estimation of the people, aud take frem them that pu' lie approval without which they will bo unabl- to carry furnrard the business of the country and powerless for the attainment of any good result in pretence uf the adverse interests tow at this present time unduly reprisjuled in the House of Assembly. " Your petitioners further show that ycur Executive Council, by deterring the consideration of the iiefoizn Bill until after the elections for the Upper House h<-ve taken places have, without sufficient deliberation, laid themselves open to a want of confidence iu the opinion of the Legislative Assembly, and have thereby oHl-ret to the members of the Legislative Couueii cause :or just suspicion, and to the additional proof ot the truth oi the assertions by the opponents of the Iteform U.11 in the Legislative Council. *. Your petitioners therefore pray that your Excellency will be pleased to use the royal prerogative committed to your hands in dissolving the Legislative Assembly, and thereby ofTeriog to tLe col.iny the only available opportunity of proving to the satisfaction o! the Legis lative Couueii the earnest demand of Victor.an el. e:ors for the reform of the Legislative Assembly; and your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray." The same paper has the following iu its " Town Talk - " The Eastern Market last night was the scene of two meetings-or, rather, one meeting, at which two subjects were brought forward. Shortly after 7 o'clock, Captain Harrison took the place of President in the dray, rose and introduced himself to the meeting, then in an olla-podrida speech submitting for the ap proval of the meeting a scheme ' of his own composing' for the settlement of 100,000 fami lies on the Crown lands of the colony without materially encroaching on sheep squat t ages. His scheme was, briefly, that blocks of land, five miles square, should be subdivided-an outer belt into farms of 1G0 aeres each, the inner b-'it into farms of 40 acres, and the central section to be reserved as a township and commonage : purchases to be limited to one lot, price £1 per acre, payable by a filth on taking possession, and four yearly instalments, the deed to be issued on the payment of the last instalment. On three-fourths of the five mile bloelc being taken up, the district to be proclaimed a municipality, the Council to levy a land tax <or the making and maintaining roads and bridges in the district. The Captain put the scheme to the meeting, and of course it was cordially approved ot". A resolution, proposing that the Chief Secretary should be memorialized to take steps to enable the ' scheme1 to be carried out as speedily as possi ble, was nest moved and seconded by Cnplain Harrison, and also adopted by the meeting. Immediately afterwards the soi disant' Heads of the People' ascended the dray, and haran gued the meeting on the conduct of cerlain members of both branches of the Legislature in respect to the Reform Bill, and tlie necessity for a dissolution. A petition to Hisi Excellency praying for a dissolution of the House was adopted, aud the meeting, after a collection liad been taken up, adjourned till next evening at half-past 5 o'clock, then to reassemble, and, headed by ji band, have a torchlight pro cession through tlie streets, to show to ill whom it might concern, and especially the ' traitors' and ' vagabonds' in the Legislature, that the people required reform and would have it." The Argus of the 2nd June contains the fol lowing account of the torchlight procession and demonstration outside the Houses of Par liament : " A torchlight procession and meeting of a somewhat riotous character took place last ni^ht, the originators and supporters of the ali'air appearing to be a number of men who have earned lor themselves an unenviable notoriety ia connection with gatherings of the Convention and the unemployed. The object of the demonstration was difficult to discover, aDd a large proportion of the followers and by standers appeared to be quite in the dark as to the meaning of the event which they assisted in rendering conspicuous. Such questions as 'What does it mean?' 'Who a-.e they?' ' Where are they going? were heard on all sides. " So far as could be gleaned from the nume rous speeches which were made aud the mottoes upon the banners which were exhi bited, the design of the night- walkers was to denounce everything as at present constituted, and to advocate a radical change throughout universal nature. " The gathering commenced at about 6 o'clock in tbo Eastern Market-place, where a brief meeting was itelcl and the fee of prooee sion duly arranged. A number ot men, amount- j big, perhaps, to 1,500 or 1,600, took part in it, several of tliem bearing flaring torches, others banners, and others limiting their exertions to cheering or groaning, as they liked or disliked any well-known establishment which they hap pened to pass. The procession, which was headed by the Convention (liz aud a band of music, took its way down Bourke-street, Sivan ston-street, and Collins-street, and again round by Bourke-strcct, to the reserve iu l'ront of the Parliament Houses. The rear of the line of niai'irii was brought up by a conveyance con taining the instigatora of the ailair. Four of the flags carried bore mottoes; the English Union Jack and American banner figured prominently among the remainder. Tiie letter ing upon some of the flags was as follows : ?"Where justice is denied, Allcgimec Ceases to bo a duty." **1 Loyalty to our Sovereign, Faith iu ourselves. Contempt for the enemies of lteform.1 *'' Victoria as slie ought to be, With happy homes, And a psojile free.* *" We have left our parent homes, Much better times to tee; Ami better limes we'll surely have, Yes! better tim^s be!' " The procession stopped, among other places, ill Collins-street, and it was then noticed that it extended from Mr. Wilkie's shop tJ the corner of Swanston-stivet. Tiiis space is about ICO yards long, and as the bod;,- averaged about 10 men abreast, the number that took part in it can be closely approximated. " Arrived at the Parliament Reserve, a torch light meeting was held, at the very door of the Legislature, the more popular branch of which was sitting at the time. The sounds of the music and the shouting of the mob were dis tinctly heard williin the Assembly Chamber. The principal airs played by the band were 'The Marseillaise,' 'Mourir pour la Patrie,' *Partant pour, la Syrie,* 'Yankee Doodic,' ' Rule Britannia,'' St. Patrick's Day,' &c.; The 'National Anthem' was frequently called for by foolishly loyal people at the outskirts of the crowd, but was not performed. " A very siily feat, i'or which it would seem careful preparation had been made, was here enacted by one of the croivd. A black board, upon which was painted in white the words, ' To let, the upper portion of this house,' was borne aloft, and nailed upon the temporary b-iardiug which makes up the pre sent front of the .Legislative Council, "'his . gallant deed accomplished, a number of orators addressed the meeting, which of course . by this time numbered thousands. Men, women, and children poured to the place from all parts of the city, many of whom were over heard to remark that it was belter than a play. The only legitimate business done by the meet ing was the apparent adoption of a petition to His Excellency the Governor, calling upon him to dissolve the Assembty. This petition, it ivas alleged, was to be presented to llis Ex cellency during the current week, and the result made known at another gathering, con vened for Monday night. "After spending about two hours in the Parliament Reserve in an oratorical and musical manner, the mob moved off down Bourke-street and Elizabeth-street, and re turned by way of Collins and Russell streets to the Eastern Market. "ilere several men mounted a waggon and harangued the multitude. One man declared that lie had just been informed that the mounted troopers had been kept in a slate of readiness during the evening-'the saddles upou their horses, and their sabres prepared to slied the blood of the innocent at the slightest provocation. The signal for them to mount was to bo a rocket tired from Tax-trap.' Another fellow, who wore, in a laughably theatrical manner, a kind of Red Republican scarf, observe.'!, in a melodramatic tone-' lho first act of the drama has been performed; God knows what the second will be!' Another insinuated that the second act would come oif on Monday night, and that it would consist of a seizure of the Parliament Houses by their owners, the people. The general current of the speeches of the night i;:ay bo imagined from these cilracts. The affair terminated at about 11 o'clock, when, at the instigation of one of the agitators, three cheers were given for 'Liberty, fraternity, and equality.'" THE RAILWAY LOAXS.-In the Legislative Assembly last evening Mr. llarker stated, in reference to Ilia tenders for the railway loans, that on the arrival in the colony of the repre sentative of the lirm of Raring Brothers, the Government received an offer on behalf of that house of £ 103 10s. for the £100 debenture; but having previously received information that debentures of this colony, having a less length of time to run than those about to be issued, had been sold in London at from £10(3 to £108, the Government did not consider themselves justified in accepting the ofl'er, tlis proposed arrangement of which was, that Messrs. Baring Brothers were to give the prieo named for a million and a half of debentures, to be sent to London by the Government in the months of July, August, September, and Oetobei. £730,00*0 worth of the debentures were to bear interest from the 1st July, the debentures for the remaining £7o0,00J were to bear date from 1st Januaiy, 1839 ; and a3 at the time each of these sums arrived in the London market there would be respectively from three to four months' interest due on each moiety, the Government did not consider the terms satisfactory, but, estimating the value of the debentures at £103, intimated their readiness to treat at thai rate. That offer was, however, not only declined, but followed by a proposal at even a lower rate than the former, and consequently termi nated that negotiation. In the interim, inti mation was received from one of the Banks that they were prepared to tender for the pur chase of the deben;ures, and shortly afterwards a communication was received from six cf the city Banks, offering to tender for the stock. Their proposition was to advance within the ensuing 12 months £1,803,000, the Govern ment. being required to place the dibentures in their hands for sale, at a minimum price of £105 ; tlicy were to hold at that price for the first 12 months iu the London market, aud it was left for the ranks to determine the kind of agency they should employ for that purpose. This oiler of the Banks had b 'en accepted by the Government.-Argus, 5ih June. Tue Railway feoji MELBOURNE TO TUE Mubhav.-The ^Li-gas of the IS'U lias the fol lowing:- "The contract for the line of railway from Melbourne to the Murray was signed to-day by the contractors, Messrs. Cor nish & Bruce, in due form, and notice was given, on behalf of the Executive Council, that the paymeats for the first twelve months will be made in cash. The amount of the contract is £3,33G,937- In settling the points of discussion that have arisen during the drawing up of the contract, every disposition has been evinced, both on bshall o~t the Government and by the contractors, to meet the views of both parties. We understand that the contractors will be prepared to commence operations within a week of the time of taking possession of the land." IsipnisoKiiExr FOB DEBT.-At the last weekly meeting of the Melbjurue Chamber of Commerce, held on t".ie 31st May-present, 1L \V. Farrar (in the chair), Messrs. S. P. Lord, F. J. Bligh, T. A. Drvsdale, R. M'Micking, J. G. Francis, I). S. Campbell, A. 1£. Kewell, Jno. Morris, S. lleape, l! Josephs, E. L. Montcfiore, and F. B, Franklvn -the " Act for the Easy Recovery of Certain Debts and Demands," which it is proposed to repeal by Mr. Grant's Bill for the " Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt," was brought up for consideration, and the following resolutions were passed: 1\. That, in tlie opinion of this Comnrttcc, the punishment of imprisonment for debt acts as a whole some restraint in detfirriug persons from contracting liabilities which they have no reasonable prospect of paying. "2. That a memorial to the Legislative Assembly, emboli)in^r the foregoinp resolution, be drawn up, a'jd sig'.ied by the President on behalf of the Committee." PUBLIC MUSEUM.-Amongst the recent ad ditions which Professor M'Coy has procured for the public museum at the University is an extraordinary collection of monkeys, including the chimpanzee of Africa and the orang-outaug of Borneo-the two nearest resemblances to man in the brute creation. Numerous other additions of great interest have arrived, or are on the way hither, but it seems there is some difficulty about procuring funds for the addi tional glass eases required for their safe keeping and exhibition.-Argus. Sr. FBAXCIS'S CATHEDRAX.-The opening of the Lady Chapel at St. Francis's Cathedral yesterday morning was marked by an imposing religious ceremony, in accordance with the rites of the Bom an Catholic Church. Shortly after 11 o'clock high mass was celebrated at the altar of the cathedral, by the Most Reverend Arch bishop Folding, of Sydney, assisted by Bishop Goold and a large number of the clergy. A sertnon of a congratulatory character, suitable to tlio occasion, was preached by Dr. Geoghegan, after which a procession was formed, consisting of the Archbishop, Bishop, clergy, 52 girls and 52 boys, attired m white and bearing lighted torches. Besides these, there were banner bearers and others, making up a procession of n somewhat extensive description. While these were passing and repassing through the church on their way to the new chapel, which is known as the Chapel of the Sacred Ileart of Marv, the choir and organ were pealiug forth ;he magnificent music of Hajda'® "Imperial nass,- addisg greatly to the effect produced >y a peculiar and interesting scene. The lumbers of the procession completely filled the Lady Chapel where, after a brief interval of idoration before the altar of the Tirgin, the jeremomal ended with the beuedietioS. The new chapel presents one of the most beautiful interiors of which our city can boa«t. It is situated on the western side of the cathedral, and contains several wtndows, all of which .-ire intended to be hi led jp with stained glais. At present two largo windows and an oriel are so j ornamented, the painting respectively repre- 1 senlzng the luiniaeiihie Conception, "the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, and the Dfctvnt of 1 he lloly Ghost,. The mur.il deco rations are alike costly and tasteful, and reflect muchcredit on the artists who have been em ployed it their formation. The pillars are judiciously coloured, and the earrings of the most elaborate kind. The altar, when crowded with lighted tapers, embellished with flowers, and surmounted by a gilded statue of the gm ? i fcV,i invents an imposing appear ance. InddetL tae only fiult which can be found wilh the ehiipfl j3 that it is too rich to harmonize well villi the rest of the building - Argus, Juiie 1. Mns. CnrsiiOM-This lady has arrived in Me.oom-ne, and we are happy to sav that her healt j is so far restored that her friends are sanguine of her entire and early recovery. We understand that she proposes a trip to Sydney, her first coioma! lioaie, and the scene of her hrst labours in (he cause of immigration ; and, fro;u ihe effects already produced bv a change I ol air on a frame debilitated by A Ion* and | serere siekness the best results are anticipated from the visit.-Ajyn.c, 5th June. 1'cuLic Focstaiks ix Melbocexe.-Some weeks ago a ilr. Richards applied to the City Council tor leave to erect fountains in several .parts of the citv, and his proposition having been referred for the consideration of the Public Works Cum-nitfee, that body has recommended that " permission bs given to Mr. Richards to buiid twelve fountains, ill sucn positions as tiie City Surveyor may direct, | the material s to be of stone, brick, and iron, i and the advertisements for the display of which the .shafts are to be used, and the other matters i of detail, are to be subject to the decision of the Public Works Committee." The question has now passed from the Committee to tiie Council, with whom remains its adoption or ivjeeti-jn ; and as there can b^ no objeslion to and much to recommend such a project, it may be safely presumed that, the recommendation will be affirmed.-Herald. 3frsi>.A xfirsEU.-Aliska Hanser, who made his last appea ranee at the Theatre Royal on Saturday ni jht, will give two farewell concerts at the Mechanics' Institution o:i Thursday and Saturday oft he present week. Tim programme, we believe, is to consist almost entirely of clas sical mu~ie: and the great violinist will bs assisted by Signor Cutolo and a quartett | party. So strong a combination of instrumen tal talent has never before appeared in Mel bourne.-Ibid. Amateoi Tiieathicals.-The Melbourne Gai-riek C'ub will give a performance at the Princess's Theatre on Thursday, the 10th of June, in aid of the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum. The entertainment, which will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Major-Genoral ilacarthur, will consist of the "Merchant of Venice" and '? liinks the Bagman." This is the first time that the G-.irrick Club has mustered courage sullicient to attempt a Shaksjierian play ? and 1 the character of Shyloek is to be sustained by a member ol the Club who has not yet appeared before the public, but who is siid to bu " the noblest llomau of them all."-Ibid. Xkw IxVi'.N rioxs.-We were yesterday (Fri day) shown two ingenious models made by Mr. Payne, of Bailarat.-on?, ot a whim fir raising c.irtli, water, &e.;, from vertical shafts, or for any other purpose to which a whim can be applied; the other of a puddling-niaeliine on I a ne.v ;mi improved principle. Tnesc models | are hitcn-Jod to exemplify t he mode of applying I an improvement iu the ordinary worm and pinion, which has been patenUd by Mr. Payne, and which is calculated to ciieet a great saviug of power, from whatever source this tnay be derived. The patent is for the use of a worm working into a piuiou, with a friction roller inserted in each tooth, thereby obviating the grinding abrasion of surfaces which causes such a needless and indeed iniscliievous waste of power in the common pinion. By the use of these anti-friction pinions it is expected that, many of tiie machines on the diggings now worked by liorsc- power may bj more economi cally worked by hand. The only novelty in the | model whim is the application of tiiis patent pinion. The model of the puddling-machine is on an entirely new plan as io tiie saving of the gold, the disposal of stones and other refuse matter,- but as it is likely to be made the sub ject of a pat ent also, we are not at liberty to describe it more fully.-Ball and Times. The UtiGiir.--We are sorry to learn that the blight, which has done so much mischief these last two years, is even worse now than ever it was. It. has attacked plants which escaped last year. Tiie young blades of b-irlcy are now covered with it. The peas are destroyed by it. It is feared that scarcely a leaf of anv kind of vegetable will be grown this season for this insect destroyer.-Portland, G-unrdiun. TEE Mitxa MIXTA RITES.-Sain lias fallen very heavily within the last few days in the Snowy Creek district, and we are infjrmed by a person who came down the country yesterday, that the Malta Mitta, which has for the last two or three mouths been lower than it had been for a long pariod, has risen to an extra ordinary degree, in some places even overflow ing its banks, thus rendering it highly dan gerous to cross.-Constitution. The Argus of the 7th gives the following particulars of the rejected tenders sent in for the Victorian railway loans: Iu the money market there lias been no great amount or actual biiMiKS* doinjr. Tbc chief feature of tbe week has bccu the pu I.eat:".in of the tenders ior Iho railivsv loan, that of tbe six B iuks Uivin# beau a.-cap by the (j JicrutEc'iit at the minimum price or £105 Tor each debenture of £100, to tbe extent of £1,830.000, bearing lilt, rest at the ia'-e of <J per cent. lik aur.um. Thi fol Uiviiig tenders were also madi, bat rejected by the Ooi eminent, th; terms not being considered equally wv«nirablp to Ih-jss ol the one acicptcd; From Messrs. Baring Brothers, of London for at ijie rite of £103 10s. for tbe i'lOOdebeii ture, beauug iutcrest uu.U dAic of arrival in the LonJou market. _|^'Messrs.Dj Pais Brothers & Co. to &JVADCC; £.0> lot ezcii debenture to the extent of £200 oMp-r Month, Bank, exchange rate of B0 days" bills to be dialed, aud to dispose of the debentures iu London sj«jcct to a brokerage charge. iVuin ilcsefs. E. t". Siehei & Co. to dispose of the de bentures iH London, ou commission, they payiu" Jj 00 ea«hon reociptof dcbeulurcs iu Melbourne, audd«po« fro:u Hi to 423 ou eauh, as security lor the rcpav ment. to the (i<jv«ru;uettL «it"ihe premium at which Iht-y mi^ut be disposed of in Loudon. From Mr. A GabrieUi, a proposal to c ntmct for the enure Joan m nine equal sums of £700,0tHt, payable in Ui» maallia of June aud Dueeinbcr iu tach year troui the present to ihe ve^r lS6i-the terms ofwhlc'i weroto aave b-en submitted had the basis of ilii negotiation o^en approved of. Our Melbourne correspondent writes on the 5th instant: The market for & >ur and corn is in a most unsettled condition. 1 l:c transieiiuiis ia tliur bare been verv a',^f Adelaide town brands is £13 10s. U heat is ia moderate demand at 7s. 81. to e-. Jd. the arnrals of oals this week from tbe Unite.! ivuudom and the colonies have aai suited toiOOJJ i *" ."? liaiof CJUr=e cjmpietily depressed the S'^h ; ar:J UJfru,Quotable rates. Hollers ask a rt i v '. ,9J"!or ?1L'""al. a'"i Hayes's Irish are at . : .,fce""!l1 arc a lrifls alld" 8 . Urau has a steady sale at 2s to 2s. 2d. £he state of the floui* and grain mai-fcete is thus given in the Argus of the 7th inst.: T1," n . Saturday Kvenin>r, Jluc 6, The ill,Is. Busmess dur.nB the past wetk, Uiough aiiy, , ' not been (steusive, prices charged by nie mi iers been unclia-.gcd during the ureet Tbe til OKIUS are p iL-ca:-Kluc fljur, £20; Haxall aud i V,1 t0 >'er tuR < UrM1> 2s. 3j. per bushel; wheat,/s. 6ii. to is. per bushel. Flour, Grain, tc.-Thc market for these articles eon tmues in a very unsettled state. The fallacy of the la'.c speculative demand has bccome appar nt to the trade, aud the ivae.ion whic'a has ebsued has reduce i the market to a very unsatisfactory condition. Tiie fiour maik t has been particularly uus:cady,{ana where sales have been made, although the-quantities sold have been of unimpoitaut amounts, lower prices have been ac cepted. Several by no menus large parcels of Ade laide have been parted with s£ £i? Ids. to £18 per ton. buyers are acting with. extreme caution, and purchasing only for actual wants. Arrivals of Tusmamau flour hare at length come to haul, bat as holders arc a>kiag extreme rates-say £18 to £ ti XOd. per ton-there is no demand fur thi< growth, while better quality caa be purchased at lower priccs. The adv ccs received to-day from Adelaide, per Admella, report the market dull, with a decline ia prices Wheat, being influenced by the uncertain state of the flour market, is in easier demand, l'rices may be quoted at 6s. to 8i. 3d. per bushel for good samples, wiifc a dull market. Oats-The reaction lrom the speculative demand has fallen heavily on the vaiue of this descrip tion of grain, and notwithstanding holders assume a firm position, it is quite evident mu-.'H uneasiness exists as to the'prospec s l\>r this article. The arrivals of the week have been heavy, and there is every prospect of the supplies from Squtb Australia and Tasmania, as well as those or borap growth, proving much larger than has hitherto been expected. Tte arrival of the mail wi 1, however, materially affect the value of tins article, as, dwnld coming supplies prove light, the consumption here, mure p srticularly during the wel season, is sufficient rpeediiy to restore the mar ket to a firmer position. Scotch and Irish oats h-ivc to day been offered at 7a. 0d, to 8s., and colonial (which vary this season very much in quality) at from S*. to 9s. fid. per bushel. Barley is very dull of sale; Cape, for best samples, cannot be quoted above 7s. to 7s. 6 J., and English at 7s. 9J. to 8j. per bushel* i?ran has latterly become an article of much speculation, aud con sequently presents rapid changes iu value. The intclii* pence rec* ivtd per Adoicllto-day, from Adelaide, of a dec! ne from 2s, 92. to Is. 9d. per bushel, has csuscd some considerable excitement amongst holders heie. Millers are asking 2s. 3d. Adelaide may be quoted at 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4 ln aud Tasmanian 2s. Id. to 28, 2d. per bushel, but should the price of oats continue unimproved these rates caa hardly be sustained, a plentiful supply of green food being now at l)ajid. Gram is supported at nominal prices by holders, to £17 being the prices asked. Paretic are, however, offering at lower rates, and to effect sales reduced prices would have to be *nl> Bitted t\ The following "weekly agricultural report is from tlie Argus of tlie 3rd instant Wednesday, June 2. Daring the last few days trade in agricultural produce has been do.ll; .that Is to say, speculation is at an end, aud the amount of business has been coufined to imme diate requirements. Mast articles have given way con siderably in price. Flour cannot be s *ld iu auy quantity at tiie rates tjaoted. Although not very macb baa brcn imported from Sooth Australia sin^e List harvest, there is plenty of Adelaide flour iu the market, some ot which isfromtkc produce of the previous season. This com- ? paratlre cess:Ui3n of supplies from the great whuit- \ growing- colony duiiug such a long period lias proved that the slocks on bund hero were much larger than wjs generally Mipposcd. The quantity of Victorian wfceat brought into market cannut hava been much greater than it was at this time last year; nor has there boon any importation of >vheat or (lonr to take the place of that usually imported from Sjuth Australia; yet there is now in the sixth month from harvest abundance oi ihur in the maikc*. That this cannot have arisen from more Uavi:jir beeu made here than usual at this season is shown by the fix:t that some of the most pow erful steam-mills in and mar Melbourne have not been at work for some mouth*-not. iud2etl- tlm snnnlv of wheat began to run short last year." A few new mills of small power have bean iu constant operation since the wheat i\t this year husb-en fit to be ground, and these have helped to meet the up-country demand; but even with all due allowance for what lias been drawn from this source, it lms lately become manifest that our con sumption of fl-mr has been ovcr-eaLimated. This opinion we hare expressed on former occasions when calculations have been made, both here and at Adelaide, as to our requirements for the year; and no-v thai we hare had a baiter opportunity of testing the stocks on baud than has occurred for soine jears past, we are m*re than ever couvi-iucd of its truth. Eight bushels of wheat is usually taken as the amount annually eousumed by each unit of the popu^a'ian, but it will be found by those who take an interest in those matters that, sis bushels per annum for eajh man. womin, cud child is au ample allowance. Although flour has been dull of sale, wheat coLttiuues in good request, especially grain of medium quality, lit to be crushed for hors.: food. Uarley has been brought forward more freely of late, but is still in fair demand. Oais have not been l^o'-icd upon with such confidence, ami a few forced sales have caused them to dccline con siderably in valui. Maize is not very abuudint; but it and all other descriptions of horse-uorn have suffered a depreciation in price corresponding with that which has taken place in oa'j-. The demand for hay has been rather slack for some days past, although the supply at market ha* not been viry trreat, and purehasrr*, even at redu ed prices, hare been obtained with difficulty. Up to the present time (-Vednesaay) there is no prospect of the salesmen's r ports for this week being better than they were lasT. At on hour wheu the market ought to close for the day there were seferal 1-3ids still unsold. 