POLICE COURTS. Post Assxatbx : Thuxsdat, Javuajtt SI. rjWnr. Mr U V V.wl.nH 1 A Wasoimx— Stasy Sail, alias Cox, wu charged with wandering abeut the street at night, unable to give a tatlifsctory account of heraelf. Cautioned, and dis Assault.— George Hawkins was charged with felo- niously assaulting Captain McNulty, of the Jannet. Mr Boykett appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Parker and Mr. James for the defence. The evidence of the prosecutor went to show that, on the morning or the l8th instant, the defendant, in company with a Mr. Dunk, both or whom were second -class passengers by the Jannet, went on board to demand their luggage, which the prosecutor would only deliver up on condi- tion that the defendants would sign a paper acknow- ledging their having received on the voyage, out of the ship's stores, a quantity of provisions which were deli- vered them, to supply a deficiency in the passengers' stores put on board by the ship's broker. The prose- cutor had also supplied them with articles from his own stock, for which no settlement bad been effected. The defendant refused to comply with the prosecutor's request. The prosecutor ordered them on deck, and Mr. Dunk went on shore. The defendant would not go, but said he was determined to have his luggage by force. The prosecutor went towards defendant, who then squared up and struck prosecutor twice over the head with the hammer produced, rendering him almost insensible. Mr. Parker cross-examined the prosecutor at great length to elicit if he (the prosecutor) had not frequently during the passage fired guns to frighten away the ghosts of a steward and another man who had died on board— an insinuation which the prosecutor re- sented. The prosecutor was part owner. He presented a paper to the passengers of a similar import to the one referred to for signature when about half way on his voyage. The passengers refused to sign it, for which the rations of the defendant were stopped for a short time. Robert Gething deposed to the nature of the wound inflicted on prosecutor's head. It was a lacerated wound, about an inch in extent, of the scalp on the left side of the head. The wound was not followed by any dangerous symptoms. Mrs. McNulty gave evidence as to the assault nearly similar to that of her husband. On the defendant squaring up the prosecutor rushed into the defendant's cabin, and she saw no more or what happened until she took: the hammer away from the defendant. She was cross- examined to ascertain if her husband was not subject to delirium tremens. She said he had been unwell, but a few days previous to the arrival of the Jannet and on the day of the assault he was quite well. Captain Mac Nulty's son was examined. His evidence was similar to that of his mother. Constable Head proved taking the defendant into custody. Mr. Parker having addressed the Court for the defence, called Mr. Dunk, who said that there was an insufficient quantity or provisions on board for the passengers during the voyage. A paper was presented to the passengers to sign, to the effect that they would pay for coals, oil, pork, and other articles supplied them, which they refused to do, as the articles should have been supplied by the ship's broker. This refusal on the part of the passengers to sign the paper was the cause of the disagreement between the passengers and the captain. The prosecutor was a man of intemperate habits, which sometimes produced deli- rium tremens; and on one occasion the prosecutor fancied he was haunted by seven fiends, and struck wildly about him with a stick, breaking three or four of the windows, On the morning of the assault the witness, in company with the defendant, went on board to get their luggage, and on returning with some nails which they had bought /or nailing up their boxes, they found the cabin of the defendant locked and the key taken away. Defendant proceeded to break it open, when prosecutor called for some one to drag them out of the cabin. Shortly afterward the de- fendant was heard to cry out that he was assaulted. On witness going forward he found the prosecutor with de- fendant under him. The prosecutor was gripping him by the throat. The prosecutor was in an excited state; defendant was calm. By Mr. Boykett— Will not swear the defendant had not the hammer in his hand. The defendant, on finding his door locked, asked Mrs. McNulty if she had the key of the cabin-door, and, on her replying no, he Immediately broke the cabin- door open. The Magistrate said that the defendant, with his family, having left the vessel at the Lightship, had no right to return on board as a passenger, and therefore should have left the vessel when ordered to do so. The captain had a right to detain the luggage if he had a Supposed claim on it. The evidence, however, did not' disclose any felonious Intent, and he would therefore fine defendant for a common assault in the sum of £5 and costs for medical attendance. 