LOCAL INTELLIGENCE BREMER BANK SAW MILLS (MR FLEMING'S) — Agreeably to notice given at the Bremer Bank Congregational Church, after service on Sunday, 27th ultimo, a public meeting was convened within the above church on Wednesday evening last for the purpose of instituting a public reading-room and library for the use of the working men and their families on this establishment, as well as for all other persons desirous of availing themselves of the institution in the immediate locality. The chair was taken by the Rev. J. T. Waraker, who, after introducing the business of the evening, called upon Mr. Davenport, tbe resident schoolmaster, to submit the rules for consideration. These were put seriatim and, after some suggestions by Mr. Reeve, and a free canvass by tbe meeting generally, were finally, settled and adopted. The meeting then proceeded to appoint trustees for the library, and the various necessary officers. A room has been obtained through the kindness of Mr. Fleming, which will be open every evening, from 7 to 10 o'clock, as a reading-room, on the tables of which will be placed newspapers, serials, &c; Mr. Davenport has also intimated his intention to attend one evening in every week for the purpose of giving select readings to those who cannot read themselves, that none may be excluded from participation in the benefits designed. While the subscriptions on the part of the workmen them- selves will form the primary source of supply for books, &c;, yet it is hoped that valuable additions may be from time to time made by voluntary donations to the library by donors who may be desirous of helping those who are evidently prepared to help themselves. Presentation of suitable books to this object will be thankfully acknowledged. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the meeting closed. — Communicated. SEVERE ACCIDENT . — A man employed in roofing the Episcopalian Church, met with a serious accident on Tuesday last, from the scaffolding giving way, whence he was precipitated to the ground; his right arm was broken, and be received injury to his eye and foot ; but we are happy to learn he is now able to get about. IMPORTANT DISCOVERY OF COPPER AT PORT CURTIS — A letter has been received in iPSWICH from a gen- tleman residing at Port Curtis, from which we have been permitted to publish the following extract. There appears no reason to doubt the existence of copper iu quantities sufficiently large to attract population: — " Tell the separationists there is a copper mine discovered at Port Curtis, which bids fair to equal the Burra Burra. It is close to the sea shore, and a reliable eve-witness says that there were ship-loads of ore lying on the surface. Carlo O'Connell is the finder. aye, perhaps the founder of the capital. Our gold fields yet will astonish some of you. but wait too for that time.'' NOTICE --ELECTORAL ROLL --- The Electoral Roll for the town and borough of Ipswich, and counties of Stanley and Moreton within the police district of Ipswich, will be exhibited daily at the door of the Policc-Office from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.. and all claims or objections must be made on or before the 15th instant. NOTARY PUBLIC. — We understand that Robert Little, Esq., our Civil and Criminal Crown Solicitor, has been appointed a Notary Public. Motto : — vi ??t virtute on his seal of office. — M. B. Courier APPOINTMENT — F. C. Chubb. Esq., has been ap- pointed a Commissioner for taking affidavits and declarations of married women at Ipswiclh by his Honor Mr. Justice Milford. AMATEUR DRAMATIC SOCIETY — On Saturday even- ing last, an entertainment took place at the Music Hall, when several ballads were sung, a dramatic sketch — the ghost scene from Hamlet, was performed, recitations were truthfully delineated, and a band of serenaders, introducing several novel and ludicrous negro melodies, concluded tbe amusement, which was better attended than on the previous evenings. As will be seen by advertisement in to-day's issue, a few admirers of the sock and buskin intend hold- ing a meeting this evening for the purpose of estab- lishing an amateur dramatic company, the proceeds of their entertainments to be presented for the benefit of charitable institutions. We earnestly wish tbe embryo actors success in their highly laudable undertaking, and we have no doubt that by selecting genuine, moral dramas, and farces composed of plenty of mirth and frolic, bumper houses will crown their endeavours on such occasions. PROPOSED ERECTION OF A MUSIC HALL IN IPSWICH . — A suggestion has been thrown out by some of our townsmen to convene a public meeting to take into consideration tbe expediency of building a public hall, suitable for a concert or assembly room. Considering the growing importance of the town. and that it is the centre of a fast increasing population, we consider the object not only desirable, but absolutely necessary. At present there are no means of accommodating fifty people in any room in Ipswich fit for balls or concerts, and, in conse- quence, we regret to learn that tbe practice of the Choral Society is strictly confined to sacred music. We should certainly be glad to hear that an oppor- tunity was afforded to the young amateurs of ac- quiring a taste for good concerted vocal music, and the practice of sterling old English glees and madrigals, which, we regret, to say, are better appreciated by foreign musicians than ourselves. We hear the proposition is, to subscribe shares, transferrable, and thereby to raise a sufficient sum to erect a building adapted for tbe purpose. Might it not be possible in some way to combine this project with the School of Arts ? so that that body would derive the advantage of a large lecture and music- room, in consideration of its occasional use for tbe. purposes now indicated. The suggestion has been thrown out, and we give it currency, in the hope that here after it may bear -good fruit, and lead to the rational amusement of tbe young, and the cultivation of a better taste in music than unfortunately now exists. BOONOO BOONOO GOLD — A package of 7lbs 3 oz of gold from the diggings at Boonoo Boouoo has this week passed through our post-office, en route for Sydney .y, We believe this to be the heaviest parcel that has been transmitted by this line, from the above gold-field. COMMERCIAL — But little business has been doing during the last week, Messrs. Broughton and Fattorini have sold 2,800 ewes,at 7s. delivered at Crows Nest ; and the. household furniture in the estate of John Sullivan, at fair prices. Scott and Co., sold an allotment of .land and a cottage thereon in Martin Street, at £220. two cottages in one allotment in Darling Street, at £230 : 50 head of fat cattle. £4 5s. each : a small lot of inferior horses averaging £17. The following quantities of wool have been received and forwarded during the week : — from tbe' stores of Mr. T. Boyland, 6 bundles skins, 1 cask tallow, 1 pipe tallow . 2 hogsheads tallow. T. From the stores of Messrs Walter Gray and Co, 4½ bales wool. 3 bales skins, FCE; 1 cask tallow. 2 bales wool, JS. From the stores of Messrs George H Wilson and Co, 2½ ½ bales wool, 12 bundles sheep-, skins , W F K 