[?] A Mathematical genius in humble 'life has just been discovered by the Aeademie des Sciences in F-ranoe. Some time ago a memoir was sent to that learned body, suggesting a plan for doing away with arithmetic altogether, and adopting geometry as a substitute. It Was very favourably reported on, and ;tbe author was requested to send his name, address, &c.;, in order that a reward should be sent bim. He did so. He is a journeyman shoemaker named Rigault ; and declares he taught him self mathematics as a relaxation from 'iris professional labours. Lola Montes Again.— This well- sknown person, who arrived by the Ful ton from America, on her way to Paris, is stated by the New York Times to be iabout to marry onoo more. " The bride- groom is the Priuoe Solkowski, who is blessed with the following array of titles : Prince of Bielitz, Count of iReissen, Count of Schonmi, Count of Kobelin, and Count of Lessa. His estates, which are very large, are situ ated in Austrian Silesia. He has been Residing, however, for several years, in >the northern part of this state, on a farm which lie purchased and still owns. . He is about forty years of age. There 'have been no reasons assigned for his erratic course in becoming a New York farmer. It is stated that when married he will return at once to Austria." The Rev. Dr. Thomas Barclay, of Curfie, has been appointed Principal of Glasgow College, in the room of tho Venerable Dr. Macfarlane, deceased. Wo understand that the' title by which Mr. Charles Compton Cavendish will be called <to the Upper House is Lord Chatham, and not Lord Latimer, «8 previously stated - — Globe. The Gazette of Tuesday announces that the Queen has appointed the Rev. Norman Muoleod, minister of the barony parish of Glasgow, to be one of Her .Majesty's Chaplains in Ordinary in : Scotland, in the room of Dr. Duncan Macfarlane, deceased. Ann Wilkinson, the wife of a bird fancier in Homer-street, committed auicide the other day in a fit of depres sion. Her husbaud had been committed to prism for theft, and this circumstance preyed upon her mind. The French press hus been " invited" to refrain from giving particulars about duels and duelUts, with a view to arrest the rage for single combat, which seems to be on the iucrease, and which in some late instances has been attended with serious results. It is contemplated to " invite" the press also to eschew philo sophical and religious discussions 'This is a condescension to the clergy. The Fnited Service Gazette says that ".the odium iheolcgium rages in some parts of Ireland with almost unparalelled intensity, and that we may expect to v bear of some very serious commotion. At Castlebar both Catholic and Protest ant soldiers go armed to their respective places of worship, each anticipating a public disturbance during the hours of Divine worship. The 4th Middlesex Militia is on the alert." M, Guizot, who returned" to Paris some days ago, has delivered to the "printer the proofs of the first volume of iiis memoirs. This volume, the publi cation of which is positively announced for the 15th of January, comprises the political period from 1814 to 1816, that is to say, the time included between the residence of King Louis XVIII. at Ghent, and the accession to power of M. Decazcs. One of the Princes Polignac was mar ried a short time siuce to Victorine, the great dressmaker ; and a modiste of the Rue Richelieu has just bought the band of an influential member of the Senate and descendant of oue of the noblest houses of France, by means of the great wealth she has amassed in her calling. The Court Journal, from which we learn these facts, mentions them to 6how " the confusion which exists in Parisian society just now." The Adventures of a Birmingham Lady. — ABiruringhara lady has recently been the heroine of a very strange romance. A few weeks ago a respect able clergyman of this town visited the metropolis, and took with him his young daughter. On their arrival at ISauston- square, it is said, the young lady sud denly lost her father; and' was alone, unknown and unknowing, in London streets without, a shilling. , She wander ed about until she reached Oxford- street, and among the thousands that thronged around not one familiar face met her gaze. At last, losing all self- control, the poor girl burst into tears, and was weeping bitterly, when a young clerical-looking gentleman accosted her, and inquired the cause of her distress. Her touching tale was soon told; she had just arrived from Birmingham, had lost her father, and was without pro tcctor, money, or friends. The clerical gentleman pursued bis inquiries, and eventually advised the lady to return to Birmingham, and generously giving her a couple of sovereigns and his card, he called a cab, and ordered the man to drive to Euston-squaro station. The relieved and the reliever then ventured on their different journeys; the young gentleman protesting that he would have accompanied the young lady to Birming ham had not urgent business demanded his speedy return to Bristol. The gentleman, on reaching Bristol, made known to his friends tho adventure in which he had played so generous a part, but became a victim of cruel sneers and sarcastic wit, as having been juggled by a " crying girl." Ouly a few days Binoe, however, the young man was en abled to laugh as heartily at his friends as they had laughed at him, for he learned that the " crying girl's " story was true, and that having found her father, the latter was bountifully grate ful to his generous unknown friend, who had, he said, " done his daughter tho most disinterested act of kindness he ever met with in the course of a kin? life.-' — Birmingham Press. Fatal Accident to a Sleep Walker. — Mary Woods, aged sixty- six, spinster, was missed out of her bed, the other morning, in the house which she occupied in Liscard, on the Cheshiro side of the Mersey. Some of the vil lagers reported that at an early hour they had seen a figure dressed in white, and which they supposed to be a ghost, walking in the direction of the ferry, and later in the day the body of tlie un fortunate lady was found floating in the river, near the ferry, clothed only in her night dress. Two Robbers Poisoned by a Lady. — An American paper gives an account of the following occurrence at -"Atta- pulgus," Georgia. A gentleman who had received a considerable sum of money was compelled to go from home, leaving his wife alene in the house, situated some distance from any other dwelling. Towardsevening two negroes entered the house and demanded of the lady the money or they would take ber life. Being a woman of great eoolness she saw at once that it would be useless for her to attempt to evude the demand, so she produced the money and gave it to them. The negroes then remarked that, as supper was nearly ready, ihey would stay and eat with her. She told them to be seated till she got it ready. The woman had a vial of strychnine in her cupboard, and in sweetening their coffee managed to put a dose of the poison in her cup9. They drank, and in a few moments were dead. The neighbours were ealled in, and the niggers discovered to be white men in disguise— near neighbours and friends of her husband, who had known of his receiving the money, and of his absence. (The whole story is probably a fiction.) Lynch Law. — About two weeks ago the Sacramento Bee stated that an aged man, of Spanish blood, had been lj-nched on Puta Creek on a charge of having stolen a horse from Mr. Wolfskill, of which charge it was afterwards shown he was innocent. The Eco del Pacifico oontains a letter in regard to the circum stances of this lynching. We translate as follows: — "While tho unfortunate but honest old man in question was on a visit in Contra Costa some one stole a saddle from his horse on tho Vaca Ranch, in the Puta Valley. When he returned lie heard of the theft, and was told that his saddle was at VVolfskill's, and he went to claim it. . He recognised the saddle, but Wolfskill began to ques tion him, and told him he must go lie- fore a judge." To this the old mau con sented at once. A party of about twenty men, including Wolfskill, sur rounded him as if be had been a criminal, and started with him. One by one the party dropped off, until only four remained, Wolfskill bciug in com mand. When they ... arrived at a desert place; Wolfskill and his friends spoke together in a low v'oice, and, surroun ling the old man, so that be should not escape, they left the road leading to the judge's and started towards a place in the mountain where there is a thick wood. The old man broke away from his keepers, and attempted to escape. He rode twelve miles, and his pursuers after him, to VucaviUe, where the judge lives. Arrived here, the old man in quired of an American lady, ' Who is the judge? Where d&s; he live?' While he wrs trying, in mixed English and Spanish, to make himself under stood, his persecutors came upon him and began to beat him. They tore him by force from tho arms of the merciful woman, who bravely stepped between the old man and a drawn pistol aimed at him, and cried out that they should not murder him. The captors ordered the old man to go with them. Tie cried out for the protection of the law. He asked several times, in a loud voice, 'Who is the judge?' ' Who speaks Spanish ? ' ' Who is a Christiaw ? 1 More than, forty Americans witnessed this scene, and not one raised his voice. Wolfskill and his party drovo their prisoner to the place where he had escaped, and there ho was hanged upon a tree and almost- killed. This is not the first outrage which has hannrned in that \icinity." — New York 'Tribune. Melancholy Death of a Miser. — Stdphen Despratt, a Spanish gentleman of high connexions, had for the last five years resided at the honse of Mrs. Brown, No. 10, Alfrcd-plaee, Bedford- square. Although in the enjoyment of considerable wealth, he was so penurious that he denied himself the common necessaries of life ; iudeed, Mrs. Brown had been repeatedly compelled to call in medical advice, in' consequence of his being discovered in an insensible and exhausted condition in his apartments, the result of. actual, starvation. On Tuesday last he lefG home, and shortly afterwards he was discovered prostrate upon' the pavement in Gower-street. lie was taken to King's College Hospi tal, where he- died from exhaustion. A post mortem examination showed that the stomach was empty, and in a wither ed condition. Tho man had' perished from self-inflicted starvation. IIo is said to have died worth £30,000. An inquest will be held on tho remains. Married Women. — The act passed in the late session to enable married women to dispose of reversionary inter ests in personal estates takes effect from Thursday last. It is declared that after the 31st December, 1857, it shall be lawful for every married woman, by deed, to dispose of every future or reversion ary interest, whether vested or contin gent, of such married woman, or licr husbaud iu her right, in any personal estate whatsoever to which she shall be entitled under any instrument made after the 31st December, 1857; and also to release or extinguish any power which may be vested in or limited or reserved to her in regard to any such personal estate, as fully aud effectually as she could do if she were a feme sole, und also to release and extinguish her right or equity to a settlement out of any personal estate to which she, or her husband in her right, may be entitled in possession under any instrument, save and except that no such d> position, re lease, or extinguishment shall be valid unless the husband concur in tho deed by which the same shall be effected, nor unless the deed be acknowledged by her in the manner prescribed. The provi sion is not to extend to any reversion ary interest to which she shall become entitled by virtue of any deed, will, or instrument by which she shall be re strained from alienating or affecting the some. The deeds permitted by this act acknowledged in the same manner as deeds under the 3rd and 4th William, cap. 73, for' abolishing fines and reco veries. The powers of disposition given by this act are not to interfere witli other powers, nor to exteud to settlements of married women upon their marriage. The new law is not to extend to Scot land. Anecdote of General I-Iavelock. — At the annual meeting of tho Penin sular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, en Monday, tho chairman told an anecdote connected with the loss of one of their ships: — The Eriu was lost in the Chinese seas. On b ard that ship — a passenger in private clothes — was Colonel (now General) Havelock. When the vessel struck, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, half a gale of wind blowing, Colonel Havelock sprung upon the deck and, seeing some confusion, said, in that sharp military tone that always arrests attention, " Men, be steady, and all may be saved ; but if we have confusion all may be lost. Obey your- orders, and think of nothing else." They did so, and behoved in the most excellent man- ner. Next day all the lives on board were saved, together with tho specie and the mails. On the shore immedi ately afterwards Colonel Havelock mus tered the men, and said, " Now, my men, let us return thanks to Almighty God for the great mercy He has just vouchsafed us." They all knelt down, ho uttered a short prayer of thanks giving, and as his (the chairman's) in formant, who was oue of the officers of the ship, told him, tho colonel then rose up and walked away as coolly as if nothing had happened. Heartless and Horrid Barbarity. — A most atrocious case came before the Exeter Assizes on Wednesday. Jona than Roose, a very young man, was tried for assaulting Jane Stone, with intent to murder her. Jane Stone is a girl of 20. She had lived as servant with Mr. Mitohelmore, uncle of Roose, at Torquay ; was seduced by Ilooso ; aud went into the service of another family. Roose wished her to father her child upon some other man — particularly his uncle, to whom the scoundrel was under great obligations. She refused. One night sliewas in the garden of her mistress's house. with her seducer. Sud denly he threw ber on the ground, beat lier-ou the-faee-aud- head _with. a large stone, and thurst Ids hand down her throat either to stifle her cries or suf focate ber. The life of the poor creature was almost gone. " She struggled as much as she could, and with a great and almost dying effort she uttered a slight scream — tint little scream was heard, but not by human being except the villian. Her senses reeled, and she became unconscious. In her employer Mrs. Willes's house a little pet dog was kept, and, although human ear had not heard that faint scream, the. little dog was roused — it'commenced barking most violently, scratched at the drawiug- room door, where the ladies were sitting, und could: not be pacified. Mrs. Willcs, and Mrs. ..Crawford who was with her, be came alarmed and went into tho garden They called out, but received no answer ; but they thought they heard the moans of some one in distress ; they then went to the house of a neighbour namad Hainmersley, and lie with a candle pro ceeded to the sp it whence the moans came, and there he saw tho body of a woman lying on the ground ; she was making a low moaning sound. He looked at the face, but it was so beaten "andjbloody that he could not recognise the features." Surgeons thought that the mangled victim could not survive; but she did, and was able to coufront her seducer in the court, but prescuting in herself a spectacle shocking to humanity — " her head and face had the appear ance of being completely bound together, or rather mashed, with plasters." A surgeoD who . examined the girl when she was thought to be dying stated — " I found her head, face, and chest covered with blood, . and foiuid eight lacerated wounds and four fractures, two on the head and two on the face. The bones of the nose and upper jaw were fractured ; the teeth were loose ; I re moved them with my fingers. The lip was cut through ; the ears were bo h lacerated. I removed a small piece of stone from the left, temple, in which it was imbedded ; it was. of the same des cription as the large stone now pro duced. The case against the prisoner, so far as the'assault itself was concerned, was quite clear. But Mr. Coleriege urged for him that there was no murder ous intent; ho had acted in a suddeu fit of passion ; it would not havo been murder evcu if the girl had died. The counsel finished with this astounding request — " IIo asked the Jury to send the prisoner home to his family and his mother, of whom he had hitherto been the pride and tho ornament, that, by a life of penitence and repentance, he might in some way atoue for one moment of unhappy passion." Witnesses gave tho accused a good character. Mr. Justice IVillcs instructed the jury on the law of the case, correcting the coun sel. Tho jury convicted of "assaulting with intent to do grevious bodily harm." The Judge, after expressing his horror as tho atrocity of the offender, sentenced him to penal servitude for life. A Story from Munich. — Tho Cour. rier de Paris relates the following some what singular and not very probable anecdote : — " A few days ago o gentle man, walking through the Charles Strause at Munich, and having on his arm a large cloak, happened to stop op posite the office of the Mont-du-Piete. Ho was immediately- aeeosted by a wo man — one, it appears, of several who watch near the establishments at Munich for the purpose of gaining a trifling sura by pledging articles for per sons who feel ashamed of entering those places themselves. 'Alii rnoin lierr,' said the woman, 'you do not like to go in there yourself, and yet perhaps wish to pledge your cloak ? give it to me, I will get you a good sum on it." 'You will render me a service.,' replied the geutlo- niau after a moment's hesitation ; take the cloak, and I will wait hero till you return.' At the end of five minutes the woman returned and handed to the geutleman 10 florins, the sum lent on the cloak. 'Thiiuk you, my good wo man,' said the owner of the cloak, ' and now by way of commission put these 10 florins into your pocket, and take theso,' giving her 11 more, ' aud redeem the cloak and pay the interest.' The wo man was at a loss to understand all this, but she did as she was told, and on her returi as she was handing over the eloak to its owner, a company of soldiers pass- ed by, who " presented arms to the gentleman, whom the aston ished women then found was no other than King Louis. On his return to the palace, his Majesty sent for his tailor, und rated him souudly for charging 80 florins tor a eloak on which ho qpuld only borrow 10 florins." A Formidable Enemy,— A corres pondent of the Motuisilite, writiug from Oude on the Gth ult., makes the follow ing report of a strange affair in which our troops had beeu concerned : — "The troops, however, encountered a much more formidable and enterprising enemy on their way ba:k to camp, and I am ashamed to say tho. 9th Lancers turned tail ; both officers and men fled in utter confusion, while the Artillery drivers abandoned their guns, and bolted like mad, but without avail, for the enemy- pursued them to camp, when friend and foe cutercd at the same time, the latter getting among the tents and having the audacity to attack our whole force, which had turned out in great alarm to cover the retreat of the Lancers and the others when they were seen running iu such wild despair ! Tho Kilted Highlanders did not on this occasion display tho courage for which they are fumed, for if anything, the 93rd sought shelter from the attacks of the victorious enemy with more agility than their breeched com rades, though I confess being less pro tected they suffered more. The sailors of the Naval Brigade also, strango to say, showed the white feather, and ' top ped their bourns' with the rest, uttering naughty nautical ejaculations in the ex tremity of their terror. Thcro is no mistake about it, our fellows were utter ly routed, and the cuemy continued to hover around the eum'p Ib'r some time, without our daring to molest them, and ultimately they retired in good order, _ and with very. trifling loss." ..Don't. be, alarmed or indignant, good reader; im agine what you would yourself have done if attacked by a swarm of bees I While i the force was returning from the Alum- bagli to camp one of the Lancers was tempted to poke his spear into a bees nest, and the result is as above described. — Bombay Gazette. Important Discovery. — General Piobort, French artillery, a member of the Iustitute, has made a discovery by which the explosion of gunpowder in magazines may be prevented. It con sists simply iu mixing the gunpowder witli coal-dust. When the gunpowder is required for use, it is only necessary to sift it; the coal-dust falls through the sieve, and the gunpowder resumes its oijiginal qualities. The experiment his1 been tried on a large scale, with complete success. A magazine filled with gunpowder so nixed wa9 set on fire. " No explosion took place," says the Mo.niteur de l' Armee. "The, gun powder burned like any other combus tible matters, such as pitch Or tar, and the fire was extinguished : by common pumps." Horrible Occurrence at a Ken nel. — The following extract '.of a letter received in Banbury on Tuesday, con tains a notice of a most extraordinary event: — "A terrible occurrence took place last week at a gentleman's house, near Wimbourne, Dorsetshire, where a pack of hounds are kept. Th.e dog- feeder, having heard the dogs fighting in the night, left his bed, and, without dressing, went down to part them. They fell upon him und tore him to pieces, and then ate him. The whipper-in could not make out next day what had become of the poor fellow, until he went into the kennel, and there he found his head and one of his legs only, the rest having been eaten by the dogs." Delhi Prize Money. — Will not a curious question be raised by the cap ture of Delhi? Is the property of a British subject the subject of prize ? Prize is generally understood to be the spoiling of an alien enemy; but the in habitants of Delhi were only British subjects iu rebellion. They are guilty of treason, arid upon proof of it their property would be forfeited to the Crown; but the treason must be proved in each case. In strict law, is not every soldier who took a shawl from a house liable to prosecution for larceny? Try the question thus: suppose that, on the famous 10th of April, the Chartists had succeeded in taking possession of Lon don ; that they had fortified and de- feuded it against the Queen's troops, and then that it had been taken by as sault, — would the assaulting army have been entitled to claim as prize the con tents of all the mansions and shops in the metropolis, whether belonging to tho Chartist rebels or to the inhabitants generally? — Law Times A L ady on Crinoline. — What does nil this grumbling spirit arise from? My own conviction is, that it is not at ou>' taste in dress, but from a shabby stingy feeling. The men like to see their wives und children well dressed, but they want this pretty picture with out paying for it. There is nothing that the gentlemen are fonder of looking at, but, grumble as they like, they must pay for it. But my subject now is crin oline. It is the crinoline that is the subject of the clergyman, the lecturer, the press, the fop, the rake, and the buffoon. And why all this? It cannot be on the ground of cost, for the price is only 3s. Gd. for a good one. Charles meets Joe ; they turn to the theatre for n lounge. Joe pays 5s. admission for two. They then turn in fur a lobster supper and- porter, for which Charles pays 4s. Afterwards they go and have some brandy, which costs 2s. Gd. And they have smoked Is. Gd. worth of cigars during the evening. It is in this way the men spend their money, which is as much ours as theirs, if wo had our rights. What they spend upon them selves out of doors, in three or four days in this loose matter of course way would buy a handsome dress for me. But how do they spend their evenings at home? Five gentlemen have dropped in to smoke with papa. Yes, that is what they have coino for ; and every thing el.-e is very subordinate. The cards come out; the draughtboard is produced, and draughts of another kind must be indulged in. I send in the spirits and the cigars. This is my share in the sport as yet. After a bit the supper bell rings, and all come in and join at a bit of cold beef.'- Sundry bot tles arc uncorked and disposed of. While this dispensation is going on we ladies are honoured with a little banter and small talk. Fapa gives the cue, and the gents adjourn to the smoke room for " a glass of grog." Just for curiosity we girls play tho exciseman next morning, ply the gauge, and tuke stock. Seventeen glasses of brandy, nineteen whiskies, six gins, four rums, two bottles of sherry, threo of port, four pints of porter aud oue of ale had to be accounted for ; and our estimate of the cost was £1 18s. Gd. The cigars added made the eveniug's amusement amount to £2 Gs. Gd. All this being disposed of it is out of sight; but if the same sum bad been laid out on a shawl, dress, or bonnet — doar me, we never hear tho last of it. Tbo word " extravagance" is constantly ringing in our ears. If ero chance to tako up an illustrated paper, tho same idea is pic- tonally brought uuder our eyo in every variety of form. Tho disinterested editorof the Sunday newspaper bringeth forth out of his treasures things new and old, by placing a Bible and a crino line next to each other. A lady chanced to lift her petticoat with her dress a little too high, and Mr. Punch heard two young costermongcrs say, " Bill, what is that?" " I dou't know, unless it be fireworks." Can anything be more insulting? Because what we spend in dress is seen, and what the men spend not, we are to bo grumbled at, perse cuted, and called extravagant. Sup- po-c we_know what they spend upon- themselves, and suppose we were to criticise them as they do us, how would _tbeyJike_it? The King of Prussia, whose health was muck improved, had received a visit from tho venerable Baron Huiqboldt. 