LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. { EQUITY IN BANCO. ! NEW COURT-SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, (Before their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr.. Justice Barry, and, Mr. Justice Molesworth).' IN RE f. D. WEBB. I Appeal by the Assignees from Mr. Justice Molesworth's judgment, on the objections to the plan of distribution. ! The argument in this case was resumed at the sitting of the Court. < Mr Abraham and Mr. Michie were heard for the respondent; and Mr. Sitwell, In reply for the appellants. The arguments lasted until after a o'clock. Their Honors consulted together for a considerable time before giving judgment. The CHIEF JUSTICE said that this appeal was against the judgment pronounced by Mr. Justice Molesworth as far as it related to four of the objections taken to the plan of defeat bution the 1st, 3rd, 5th, and 18th objections. The let objection was, that the plan of distribution did not include the unsold property ; the 3rd was an objection to the credits taken by the Assignee for costs incurred, and likely to be incurred in the suit of Courtney v. Williamson ; the 6th was to the effect that the Assignee should have charged himself with a rent for the Lsncox property, which he had permitted Mr. Were to occupy without paying any rent for it and the 18th was that the Moorabbin property was let at too low a rent, and that the Assignee should be charged with the full amount of the rent for which, without inexcusable negligence, he might have rented it. These objections, with several others, had been allowed by Mr. Justice Molesworth, and this appeal was against his allowance of the four objections particularly referred to. His Honor then proceeded to deal with the objections severally. As to the first objection, he thought the judgment below was right, and that there had been no proper plan of distribution filed. The appeal was generally against the allowance of the objection, and it set up a certain parchment writing as a sufficient plan of distribution, although this writing or account contained no allusion to the property that was not yet realised. It was not a sufficient plan of distribution, for it did not comply with the re- quisites of the statute, as it did not show the actual condition of the estate. The Assignees were bound to furnish full information as to the condition of the estate, and they had not done so when they omitted all mention of the property that still remained to be realised. On this ground, he thought the appeal should be dismissed as to the late objection. As to the 3rd objection, the gist of the question was, had the suit of Courtney v. Williamson been properly instituted? On that depended the question immediately raised by the objection, was the Assignee entitled to take credit for the coBtsho had incurred in it? in the course of this argument, the Assignee seemed to assume that the onus of proving that he was not entitled to the Be costs lay on the object- ing creditor, but as regards this question of the burden of proof, how stood the matter? At the date of this plan of distribution there was as yet no decree in that suit. He sought to retain money in his hands on the assump- tion that by the decree coats Would probably be given against him that Is, he assumes against himself that the suit was prima facie improperly instituted. With this assump- tion in his own month, that the deGree in that suit must fix him with costs, he ought to come prepared when the allowance of these costs was objected to, to explain the circumstances of the case, and satisfy the Court that the suit had been properly instituted. But he merely states that it had been instituted in accordance with professional advice. As to the creditors some of them had been consulted, but the creditors who were especially interested-the separate creditors had not been consulted at all. He (the Chief Justice! did not say that it was necessary for the Assignee to consult the creditors before he instituted a suit; but when be shows the Court that he did consult certain creditors, he admits that a frank consultation with the creditors, who were immediately interested would have gone far In exculpating him from any error he might fall into In pursuing their advice. The Assignee now argued that there was more than a sufficient fund for all the separate creditors, and that there would be a surplus for the joint creditors. If that were so, and if the plan of distribution had been framed in that view, he might have relied upon this as a complete answer to the creditor; who was now objecting to his plan. The objecting creditor was a separate creditor, and if the separate estate was sufficient to pay all the separate debts, he had no right to come in and object to this application of the funds 0 the joint estate. But the Assignees had no taken this objection In their answering affidavit, and by not taking it, it seemed to him they admitted that the separate estate was insufficient, and that the class of creditors who, in such case, were alone interestedly the separate estate, had never been consulted It was not necessary to go into the question whether the suit might possibly have proved beneficial to the creditors. The materials so that discussions were not before the Court They must proceed upon the affidavits before them, which were of a very meagre character. The charging affidavit set forth a distinct allegation that the suit had been institute not for the benefit of the creditors, but for the benefit of Mr. Were's family taken under the settlement. The answering affidavits of the Assignee which should have met that charge were not satisfactory, an gave the Court no information upon which they could say that the suit had been just tuted for the benefit of creditors. The At signe probably stood in his present position because he did not explain matters that might have been capable of explanation, Luton the affidavits now before the Court, they were of opinion that the suit had been improperly instituted. The appeal must therefore be dismissed as regarded this 3rd objection. A to the 6th objection, relating to the Lance: property, which Mr. Were had been pe mi tied to occupy without rent, the Assigned alleged that he feared to claim the insolvent interest in this estate -as an asset, lest in doing so should be construed into a recognition of the mortgage ; but it was in evidence that the mortgagees had never late fared with this property. The insolvent Wf in possession of it at the time of the inso vency, he had been suffered to continue i possession, and it had been allowed to remain wholly unproductive, either to reduce I to mortgage, or to create a fund'forthecreditoi He thought that the Assignee was just! chargeable with the rent that he ought I have received for this property, was that the appeal as to this 6th ' objection should be dismissed. As to the last objection (the 13th), relating to the Moorabbin property, which the creditor t Leged that the Assignee had let at a rent much less than its value, it appeared in favor of an Assignee that he did advertise that property that he did obtain a tenant, and that t thoucththeront was low,' the tenant did u dertake to make some repairs. In the absent of, any reference or further inquiries, t Court did not think, that they ought assume against the Assignee each negligent as would BUS far as this objection. Altlioui hie answering affidavit was very vague at unsatisfactory, yet there were in his favor t facts just stated, and the Court did not this that he had been so culpably negligent in the < transaction that, they should surcharge in with any further sum. The appeal have failed as to the substantial portion of it thought it should be dismissed with costs. Mr. Justice B-slntrr.'thought, as to the fire objection, that the Assignee had brought for ward a plan of distribution wholly differed from what it was his duty to have prepare He thought the objection had been proper allowed bythe learned Judge below., I Honor proceeded to observe that the affray and I explanations of the Assignee were a most unsatisfactory character. 3 That was no. further evidence now pot the Court than had been before a learned Judge below. The Assigned h not asked leave to supply any forth evidence, but had rather placed himself in position obstructive to the introduction further evidence. He placed himself! in defiant attitude, and refused to come] with the reasonable ^ requests of their cant. As to the . suit of' Courtney Williamson, he was of opinion that the suit was unnecessary; that there v evidence that it was unnecessary; and t arguments had wholly failed to convince h that it was necessary. It was said that it was useful to the separate creditors; the applicant [ was a separate creditor, yet he had not been consulted as to the institution of the suit. An analogy, had been drawn between an Assignee'and an executor, as i regards their, relations to the persons claiming on the estates they administered. The analogy did not hold. An executor derived his authority from the will of the testator. An Assignee was the salaried officer of the Court. The Assignee i here had to deal with conflicting interests, and when it came to a question of justification as to charging him with the costs of a suit instituted by him, he should have fortified himself with evidence to show that he had taken the proper course. The onus probandi lay upon him, and he should be prepared to explain all circumstances to the satisfaction of the Court. He says the bill in this suit was settled by counsel. Every bill was settled by counsel; and it was only deluding the Court to tell them that this bill had been filed under the advice of counsel, instead of showing them that counsel, before he advised upon the bill had been furnished with a candid exposition of all the circumstances of the case he had to advise upon. He thought the appeal should be dismissed as to this 3rd objection. As to the Otk objection-that relating to the Lancox property-he thought it had been properly allowed by the Court below. The insolvent was in possession, under some agreement, with whom was immaterial ; he was in possession for a year or 15 months certain. That was unquestionably an asset in the estate. The assignee should have adopted it, and taken possession of it. He need not: necessarily have acted harshly by putting the insolvent out of possession, but the insolvent must have lived somewhere, and he might have continued to live on this property, but he should have paid rent for it. He thought the Assignee was justly chargeable with the rent that he might have got from the insolvent, or from some other party. As to the 13th objection, relating to the Moorabbin property, the Assignee admitted that it was let at a very low rent; but he accounted for that on the ground that the tenant had undertaken to execute repairs. What amount of repairs he had not condescended to explain. The repairs might be so large as to constitute a full consideration for the lowness of the rent, or they might be very hitting. On this point the Court was left in profound ignorance. He was not prepared to say but that this Court, as a Court of Appeal, had the power to refer the case to the officer of the Court for further investigation. On the present information in possession of the Court, he was not satisfied with the decision of the Court below. It mulcted the Assignee in un- ascertained ' damages. He thought the evidence was so meagre that further inquiry was desirable, but he would not insist on such and quiry.osit would inconveniently protract the proceedings. Speaking of these two proper i ties (Hancox and Moorabbin), he thought it enough to say that, as regards Lancox, the Assignee had not done as he ought to have done; and as regards Moorabbin, he had not afforded the explanations he ought to have afforded. He thought the appeal ought to be allowed as regards this 18th objection and as the Assignee had failed with respect to three parts of his appeal, and succeeded with respect to this one, he thought he should pay three-fourths of the costs. Mr. Justice MOLESWORTH said that when he was dealing with this case below, he had just disposed of the case of Courtney v. Williamson, and he was not quite sure that he had not permitted some of the facts of which he had cognisance in the one case to intrude themselves into his mind when he was adjudicating on the other, but he was of opinion that the affidavits on which the Court had to arrive at their decision in the present case led to the same general conclusion as the facts of which he had cognisance in the other. What did these affidavits show ? They showed that the solicitor employed by the Assignee was the gentleman who had been the solicitor of the insolvent himself, and now, when the Assignee came to answer the affidavit of the creditor, which charged him with instituting this suit, not for the benefit of the creditors, but for the benefit of insolvent's family v he put his case, in his answering affidavit, wholly upon the ground that he had instituted the suit on the advice of this solicitor. He gave the Court no other information. The affidavit of the creditor distinctly charged that the solicitor whom the Assignee took to direct him in the management of this estate was one who, from his former position, had every sympathy and motive to prevent him from being a very safe adviser for the Assignee, and yet it was solely with his advice that the Assignee now endeavored to stop the Court, and to preclude them from all inquiry into the actual circumstances under which the suit had been commenced. The Assignee might, perhaps, allege that he was a simple person, who did not appreciate the full significance of taking for his adviser the con- fidential adviser of the insolvent, but he seemed to have a keen enough sense of the inconsistency of such relations when they existed between other parties. In his affidavit, he insisted very strongly upon the fact that the solicitor of the objecting creditor in this case had also, been the solicitor of the defendants in Courtney v. Williamson, and that the present application should, therefore, be looked upon with suspicion by the Court, as being actuated by other motives than those that appeared on the face of the application itself. The Assignee must be conscious, then, that the Court should require some further explanation to satisfy them of the propriety of the suit in question than the mere fact that this solicitor had advised it. A great many arguments had been adduced by counsel to show that the suit was a judicious one; but he (his Honor) found no ground for believing that the reasons now given were the actuating motives for filing this bill. It was said that it was intended, after the mortgage was set aside, then to assail the settlement. It appeared to him that that would have been an extraordinary course first to proceed, as it were, to kill the deed of mortgage, and then to set it up, or rather to set up the ghost of it, to take so much out of the settlement. He thought that, if it were really intended by means of that mortgage do curve so much out of the voluntary settlement for the benefit of creditors, some trace of that intention would have been seen in the prayer of the bill. There was no such trace. He thought that' there was no intention of the kind, and he must, therefore, look upon the reasons now alleged us merely the arguments of ingenious counsel, who felt bound to present to the Court every consideration that could be suggested in favor of his client. As to the Lancer property, in consideration of its being Mr. Were's residence, he was left in possession of it, after this mortgage was exe- cuted. The mortgagees never went into possession of it. There was nothing whatever to prevent the Assignee from entering into it. By doing so he would not in. the toast degree have recognised the mortgage. He thought that much of the conduct of the solicitor and Assignee was in a great degree attributable to good natured motives, not to any disposition to make a personal gain. Persons were apt to be betrayed by good nature into breaches of duty that they would not be guilty of from selfish motives. But Assignees of this Court must learn that they must not indulge their good nature at the expense of creditors whose interests are in- trusted to '-their charge. They must be made of sterner stuff. He thought that he had rightly charged the Assignee with the rent that he should have received for the Lancer property. As to the Moorabbin property, he did not regret that the Court had found reason to mitigate in that particular the judgment he had pronounced, and that the appeal should be for 0 much allowed. He thought the Assignee should pay fail costs. He apprehended that was the opinion' of the majority of the Court, by , , . * . The CHIEF Jus.ionaald he coincided in the opinion that the Assignee should pay full costs, The portion of the appeal in which he had succeeded had been allowed by the Court more per muerceordtam than of strict light. The Court adjourned sine die. ; INSOLVENT COURT.. (SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, (Before F. Wilkinson, Esq., Chief Commis , ' " h Blotter of Insolvent Estates.) ' '' IN RE MÓnOIAS BIOBPAN. The adjourned certificate meeting in this estate was again called on but, owing to the absence of Mr. Abraham, who was engaged in the Equity Court in a very important case, it was further adjourned until Friday, October 1st at 12 o'clock, and the following day at 12 o'clock. 