THE WEDDING RING i A GHOST STORY. BY MILES GERALD KEOK. f Continued from our last "The extraordinary endowments of Auges, both personal and mental, would have made such a wife an ornament to a Duke ; nay, a help to him, or even to an Emperor, to say no more about orna- ment. But our amiable friend Winmere was fastidious. This was his town house, which I hold, though not very long, by purchase. When he closed the bargain with my agent, he little guessed to whom he was selling the place. I have his signature to the contract and I may say it would be better written, in point of caligraphy, only he wanted a finger through former interference of the pistol of the unknown buyer. Well, he did not treat poor Agnes as she merited. He recognised in her no ornament, or help. For example he had a habit of beating her. You perceive that the brass binding of that old sideboard is loosened and back, at this very moment, it is emitting a peculiar noise, a sort of wailing song, which it learned on first acquiring its vagabond manumission from the enforced mechanical decorum with which it formerly clove to the old wood and clung to its place. a blow which would have been death fell on the sideboard instead of falling on the wife, all owing to the inopportune and unexpected frenzy of assistance which the lovely child whom you have just beheld brought to her mother. And that quaint old mountain of furniture talks, matters, sings, and moans, ever since in a style quite distraught, and tremulous, and terror stricken. Immediately afterwards Mr. and Mrs. Winmere, with their only child, Agnes, went to the country, and dwelt in a little cottage, which the husband of my escaped, vanished, ruined Egeria had procured. One day in this spot, she was weeping over a letter when Winmere came suddenly into the room. I must mention that the marriage with Agnes had been a very private transaction. There had been no wedding, none of the customary festivities.' With the exception of the parents of the unhappy girl, the parson who officiated his old clerk or sex- ton, and two special witnesses, not a soul was present at the celebration of the event. The whole company, you will observe, made eight persons, including the bride and bridegroom. Of these eight persons three only were young-Mr. Winners about my age, (at that jocund era of my days) Agnes, and one of the signatory witnesses, a man named William Austin. This individual was Win- merely own body servant or valet. His colleague in the office of attestation was not, like him, young-it was the poor dear bride's nurse, Jane Saunders -the past sixty. As for the person, he was at that opooo an octogenarian, and he died the next year, in the spring, being followed into futurity by his old dotard sexton the very autumn succeeding. No sooner was the ceremony over than the wedded couple went off to Wales and I will do Winmere the justice to say that he treated his wife well and fondly for the first three or four weeks. His barbarities commenced not till the second month. What is very singular is, that so far from interposing any difficulties to the poor girl's possible communication of cora Elaints or repinings to her aged parents, e seemed to favor that proceeding in every conceivable manner. Sometimes, after a couple of months of systematic and uninterrupted persecution, such as a husband, and if so inclined, . puch of a wife. who), cut by sraelMR. sethion i infant uproar a partner for life for life, indeed, yet in such cases, not, neoe*sar1ty-for long-he would, oddly enough, suggest a visit on the part of poor agnes, unaccompanied, to her father and mother, who were now fast descending together to an aged grave amid the desolations of Chatsworth Grange. Whatever Mr. Winmere's motive was appear more clearly to the All-Seeing Ruler that it appeared to Agnes. It was when the present Agnes was about twelve years of age that her grandparents died, the lido surviving old Chats worth not quite three months. For some years she used to keep a good deal, and her eyes were not dry till they were closed for ever, for she had set much store about the fate of the only child she had ever had. I may just allude to it. The preference of Agnes Chatsworth for Charles Win- more over Harry Blamfydd was never sanctioned by any similar predilection of her parents. Sorrow yielded its consent ; fear superseded the sorrow ; death relieved both feelings, and Agnes Winmere was an orphan wife, to whom her peculiar husband was no countervailing solace. Remem- ber my dear child, the mother had said to her on the wedding-day, ' though you are married to a rich man, your only property now is that plain gold ring, and a mother's prayers.' " Winmere, who heard this valediction, muttered something about those who are nice in selecting investments ought to be, and always are, careful in the matter of security.' " Now I must return to the letter which Agnes, while still in mourning for her parents, held in her hands, when Winmere suddenly on tered the room. "What are you whimpering about' cried be. "'Nothing Charles ; only an ill-spelt, humble letter, telling me that Jane Saunders, my old nurse, is dead.' I; " ' Saunders ! Jane-Jane ! That was one of the witnesses, was she not V '" Witness to what? She was my nurse. Surely you must remember her. She lies at our wed- ding mean our marriage-in the old priory church.' " ' I do remember. It was she who delayed your getting into the carriage, having still a lot of embraces to do, and so on.' "'She will never delay me again, from any journey. She has gone herself; and, ob, Charles, Charles, she cannot come back !' " ' Hum V muttered he leaving the room. " Holy Writ tells us, my dear younger Tom that with desolation is the whole earth laid desolate, because there is no one who thinketh, in his heart.' And some little incidents occurred immediately which illustrate the value of (to use an old term this inspired ' documentary.' And the mother of Agnes was (poor girl !) no very great thinker- forgive a chance phrase, gentlemen ; the lady whom I have for the second time termed a far!, is, this long while, dead and gone and fern, see, half unfit to tell my story." I never thought you more fit to tell anything," said Hedingham, with prompt intrusion. " Well, nature makes you her spokesman, lad, replied Blamfydd, and as my reminiscences, such as they may be, bear upon the coming events of this very evening-the events, I say, of this particular Christmas-eve, I will despatch them off- hand in the most straightforward manner I can. Agnes-that is the first Agnes- was not, perhaps, a thinker, but she had those feelings which women often have, and men not seldom ; feelings which make them note (they could not say with what views) certain occurrences more than others, and remember them more distinctly (they could not say for what reason) Thus a mother, with her child, shall go aboard a ship bound for a long voyage, and perhaps she shall select her cabin, and then she takes an unaccountable aversion to the vessel, and returns on shore, and tells her friends she will not go by that craft. And this may happen by repetition, two or three times on the one occasion and ultimately the mother stays behind with her child. A few days afterwards the news of the wreck of the ship, and of the loss of all hands on board, startles the public for a moment, and fills a few households with more permanent and more painful emotions : but there is one family on its knees in perplexed and bewildered thanksgiving, asking itself, can such warnings really bet' and humbly praying for those who have gone too suddenly to an endless condition, which none of themselves have been called to share. "But what is more curious, more suggestive, and more calculated to give us pause,' is this; that impressions not at all dissimilar to the vague feelings to which I have just adverted often take possession of the mind infamously. No visible good comes of them j no assignable rescue or ex- trication occurs to excuse the amiability of the post hoc ergo propter hoc sophisms. Such were the feelings or impressions with which Agnes, having told her husband of the old nurse's death, viewed one or two little incidents that now took place. The first was very simple. It was only that Dr Ham Austin, Mr, Winmere'« valet, was next morning closeted with his master two hours. In that circumstance there was not, apparently, much ailment for reflection. Unhappily (I must say it again the community is divided into two classes, very uneven numerically-the class of those who do think, and the class of those who do not; and for mere want of the former, we know that the world ' is laid desolate with desolation.' A great difference there is between brooding and thinking; between finding yourself anxious (which is but the first step, and a useless step if not followed up) and real investigation between feeling inde- finably uneasy or uncomfortable and reflecting. The next incident was, that William Austin got drunk the same night at the Winmere Arms upon small beer that he grew hilarious, communicative, nebulous, unintelligible, sphinx-like and braggart; that he mentioned the death of a distant relative in Hindostan, and his own accession to the unexpected and tidy in' property that the indignant Sally, Mrs. Winmere's maid, to whom the faithless William was betrothed, reported, in a rhapsody of hysterical tears to her mistress, that all men were alike ride, that to trust was to be deceived, and that William was going to travel abroad-and alone that everything was over in fact that the world was at an end, and that some people's heads were easily turned, and their hearts ' like the inside of a rotten apple.' Poor Sally's parched lips looked indeed as if she had tasted the ashes of the Dead Sea apple for the girl was by nature one of those who, hoping much, risk a good deal. " The next incident was that William Austin departed, and appeared no more. What occurred thereafter was equally commonplace. A candidate valet presents herself, with character of five years from his former master, a gentleman in a distant part of the same county, but well known in all its confines, and beyond them. This Servant, so his character run had been butter; but, not answering so well in that capacity, had been transferred to the other department and after serving as valet, to the full satisfaction of his master, was now-because that master wished to go abroad, and the man wished to stay in Eng. land discharged, in all Family, his good name intact. This testimonial was written in the well known hand of Viscount Hailey, and signed with his name. The man who was called Gardner was taken into service by Mr. Winmere, which fact is not at all singular. The testimonial in question was, however, not returned to the man, but kept by Mr. Winmere and by Mr. Winraore (as he stated to Gardner) it was mislaid or lost. Nor was this very remarkable, any more than the previous particular links in the little chain of events. " Now let me recapitulate, in the briefest mode adding one fresh circumstance Agnes had lost both her parents and the last time she had seen them while in company with her husband, was at her wedding. Her old nurse who had also been present on that occasion, was dead. William Austin, whom her husband had brought to witness the contract (as she had, for the same purpose, brought the deceased nurse was now inherited some ' Hindoo tin to borrow the polished and sentimental Mr. Winmere's characteristic expression-and was on the Continent drinking his legacy ; nobody knew where ; if not already dead, anybody might guess how. The parson who had officiated at the happy couple's union was, like his old sexton, buried in Chatsworth churchyard. Finally, a man named Gardner, with a five years' character, had entered Mr. Winmere's service, and the document which he had brought from his former place, and which had secured his reception was lost. Those are the facts which I wished to recall to your mind, in a short way. The fresh circumstance which I have to add, and which would have been as new to Agnes Winmere as it is to you, is, that her husband, who now never allowed her to quit that a rustic cottage, where he resided but very little himself, had, about a year before met in London, during one of his frequent and protracted absence,' . Wy of very great wealth if of eilrwrdiMrj t beauty, whom be no sooner behold, than he »*?'*[ of violently in love with' her, or with best fortune or ! r with both. The years that had passed, the privacy of his domestic life, and the accident of a different ? d circle, led her to suppose him to be an unmarried man, and she soon began to juror the attentions which he knew so well how to pay, and with which he had vehemently pursued her from that first. The more easy bin suit grew in this part i s i oular, the more perplexing became his general position. The failure of his addresses would have brought no difficulties, but would have relieved him from one great embarrassment ; whereas the success of his prosperous love for a beautiful heiress menaced him with disgrace and de pair. To be concluded in our next 