FIFTST MILES WALKING MATCH BETWEEN KPOONGR AND LAYOOOK FOR £50. Spooner is well known as a champion walker, his last achievement being tho defeat of Charles Westhall. Lay- cock is ono.>f tho celebrities of the North of England, where ho has proved to be a man of extraordinary lof ting powers, laycock wished to make the distance twenty milos, provided he received a start of fifteen minutes. Spoooer, however; would not consont to theso terms, and finally, a match to walk fifty miles. Spooner giving his ad- versary a quarter of an hour's start, was duly mada. The Londoner consented to all iw a boDui of £3 for tho evont to come otF near tho metropolis, and Mr Sadlier'? en- closed ground at Garratt Lane, Wandswurth, became the appointed rendezvous. It had been arranged ' that the start should take place at 8 a m ; but it was not until an hour lalor tho competitors made their appearance on the course, attended by the referee When the ' tickers" had been correctly set, Laycock was told to go, and. in the 15 mm. allowed, bc covored 1 mile and fourteen hundred yards, a proof that he put on the steam at u high pres- sure. On the expiration of tho time the '. offloo" «ra.« given to Spooner to start in pursuit of his man, when bil' he dashed in his well-known style, being waited on by John Smith, whila Laycocks brother did the requi- sito f>r him. From almost the commencement' of the match tho' London champion began to lessan the distance; and, on the completion of Ibo first-rive milo» which was accomplished by the countryman in forty-five minutes, had gained full five hundred yards. Laycock walked (n a manner that was indisputably fair, and mile after mile went along at a clipping pace; but still, despite bis efforts, Spooner kept gaining on him. the first nine miles were accomplished by the countryman in I hour 20 minutes SQ soconds) and twelve miles in 1 hoar 53 minutes, Spooner, in this distance, having gained upon his opponent full seven hundred yards. As the match firogrossed. the champion, at every succeeding lap, kopi essening tho distance between himself and his opponent and improved bis position so much that, on the compte 'tion of tho first lap in the 20th mile, he was enabled to take tho leading position. Spooner, though he went to the front, did not maintain it long, for he almost immediately afterwards fell behind, walking with his mun for samedis taticu. evidently to test how much "steel" tho countryman hud in him. The twenty mites were accomplished by the Londoner In 2 hours 6 minutes, and though it was appa rent from his style and action, that Bili could have gone away from his adversary at any moment,yet, until the com., plction of the twouty-third milo, there was but little spiter between them, for ~poonerhavingcanghthisman wa» con tent to keep just within reach of him. When, however, thi portlon of thu mstob had been completotl, Spooner uncí more showod the superiority of his speed, by going raplilh away from his man, and thus the match continued. 3d milos two laps and 100 yards were accomplished hy tin Londonor in five hours. Laycock, at this period of tb. j mitch, was more than two laps and u half in tho rear I and as milo followed mile, Spooner still kept leaving li ' antagonist moro in tho rear, so that the mntch now li.. came quito a otio-sided Adair. On tho completion of tí>. f rtioth milo, Spooner was full ono . inila und two lap shrad of his oppunont. In tho first round of the forty third mile, whun Spooner over-lapped lils man for tin sixth timo, bo p%t on a most terrific spirt, and in doing so, was accused of breaking tho rules of. (air walking ' Any further details of tho matoh would bo perfectly su j perfluoog, as Laycock bad not the ghost of a cbancu, foi tils man still Incroalod tho distance- between them, and KI I ibo finish of tho entire dliUoop, Spooner was found to lia,ve.completed tho fifty miles in 3 hour» 27 minutes, de- feating his'oppuneut bytwo miles anti three hundred yards. Thus terminated this unprecedented performance. Spooner wrns most carefully and judiciously '" nursed" throughout by John Smith. At timos during the match Laycock, appeared to wnlk iii distress, but «ill kept on, even against tho wish of Iiis friends, with unyielding reso solution, and though defeated, he will return home with bis reputation untarnished. On tho conclusion ot the match. Spooner, whose feet were dreadfully sore, was car- ried ofF the ground by his trainer,-Sunday Timex, October IO. 