Efficient government is a fundamental de mand of mankind. How truly does Louis Blanc (a writer whose political tenets few can sympathise with, but whose literary ability all I acknowledge) — how truly does ho say — ' The first necessity of the people is to bo governed !' The majority of men (no matter how self lovo may flatter them) feel that they aro only individuals and have the instinct that their capacity is only for the details of ordinary business. And they havo a consciousness of the necessity that exists for the exerciso of comprehensive intellect in dealing with stato afTairs. But under ' government by party' or ' responsible Government' (as the system is erroneously termed) tho national manage ment is, in point of fact, far less a public busi nes3 than a private one. Its cares aro more exercised in a struggle to retain office than in really conducting the administration of the country. And in consequence of such a condition of thing3, the tone of politi cal life has been lowered, and public men, both in and out of the Cabinets of the moment, are infinitely more engrossed with simply individual aims, than were their predecessors in those more despotic days, when the people had few or no political privileges. And so 'government by party' is not effi cient government, and tho main portion of its energies is frittered away in other directions than work for the commonwealth. ?Wo have often alluded to these facts, of which we have unfortunately so much expe rience in Victoria ; and the last accounts from England furnish ono more eloquent illustration of tho truth of what wo have endeavored to point out. The British empire is in a critical position — menaced in one direction, and falling to pieces in another — and yet one section of her public men have, it soem3, been occupied in turning U1030 critical events to personal ac count, and havo even conspired to aggravate tlieir critical character, for the njero purposes of faction ! Lord Ellenborough's censure of Lord Canning's confiscating proclamation is too surely calculated to embolden the insur gents, by the spectacle of disagreement among their European masters ; and yet Mr. Vernon Smith and Lord Palmerston are accused of allowing this censure to go forth to the world, when the disclosure of certain explanatory information in their possession would unquestionably havo qualified or per haps prevented it altogether. The cir cumstance makes plain tho fact that the chief solicitude of public men in England at this critical hour is far les3 to re-establish our oriental empire than to embarrass and trip up their political rivals. Rome is burning, and Nero is complacently employed in fiddling ! So much for the influence and actual working of 'government by party,' or government by faction, as it should be now called, if we wish to give it a correct name. The system interferes with measures and po licy of public utility, and at the same time demoralises the men who pass their life-time in its bureaux and its intrigues. Walpole in his most corrupt day exhibited no act so audacious as the ona wo allude to. Pitt, when ho lorded it most absolutely, would never havo dreamed of imperilling at least the honor of the country he held in his hand for the small purpose of putting au official antagonist in a difficulty. Thero was no temptation for such an act in those days, for party government was then a fact not a simulacrum. Whether such Government was good or bad, it was then a reality. The thing now called by the name is not a reality, but a hollow pretence. And as it is no longer a reality, it is more mischievous, more obstruc tive of public welfare than many a disagreeable reality — just as pretence is always more harmful than ugly truth. In those past days we speak of, thero were such things as parties in the country, and therefore party government was an affair of bone and substance. Now parties have died out in England ; and they never ex isted in Australia. Both countries are governed by factions. And consequently such a thing as government by party, or responsible govern ment, has become only a superstition. On a former occasion we pointed out the operation of this transition from tho old fact to its present nominal representative. When the state was divided into two rival bodies of tolerably equal strength, with no third section to turn the scales in favor of ono or the other, those bodies were so evenly balanced that when one got hold of power, it was legitimately, aud not by 'political infamy.' Its chiefs were tolerably secure in their position ; and their attention was not, therefore, engrossed in defending their seats, or in purchas ing a sufficient number of members to constitute a working majority, as we have recently seen attempted here. They cjtild therefore devote the bulk of their ener gies to public affairs. But the old twin par ties have broken up in England, and the political sections now are legion ; and if an overpowering opposition cannot be always formed against tho Ministry of tho hour, it can always, by tho union of some of those multifarious sections, be mado strong onouuh to endanger the Ministry and keep it in jeo pardy. And by the arrangement which makes a cabinet depend for its tenure of office on a continued majority of supporters, there is the inducement to its members to neglect the public work and devote themselves more sedu lously to the personal work of holding on to their seats. Hence an unlimited field for patronage and intrigue ; hence the origin of the grand art of ' how not to do it' in public affairs in order to risk as few chances of defeat as possible ; hence tho shuffling and dodging resorted to in order to smuggle through public business, and the paucity of valuable legislative measures for which govern ment by faction is notorious. In a word, when government by party was a reality, public action, good or bad, was its character istic. But now that it has become govern ment by faction, diplomacy, dodging, shuffling, intrigue, corruption — never good — aro its characteristics. And what wonder is it that the men bred and exercised in such a school should exhibit an absence of patriotism 1 What wonder when their minds aro mainly engrossed with small intrigues and narrow anxieties, that their heads are wanting in comprehensiveness and their hearts in nobility of feeling 1 What wonder is it that they fail to satisfy 'the first necessity of tho peoplo ' — that they fail to govern 1 The present system, call it what you like, is only a make-believe — it is a barrier to actual government. There is no government in Eng land now in any efficient acceptation of the term ; and thero never has been in Victoria under the new Constitution. And we see the consequences. England with her Reform Bill, with her improved municipal arrangements, with her removal of various religious disabili ties, with her free trade — all accomplished while government by party was more or leas of an actuality — is now, in the face of all these popu lar acquisitions, more helpless either for good legislation or good government than sho was half a century ago, when the people had no political voico at all. What measures of any large dimensions or utility have been passed in England since the time when government by party died out and when she got ?io-Government iu its place 1 And look at our own country ! Wa3 ever new land so mismanaged ? Is there any new country on the face of the earth which presents a similar spectacle t Are we not in debted to nature for our national advantages, and to man for the disadvantages which inter fere with, pervert, or counteract them alto gether ? Truly government has not done much for Victoria — it is rather in spite of go vernment that she is even partially successful. Wo pass from 'obstructive' ministries to' ' popular' ministries ; but it is only out of tho frying-pan into the fire. We have now had five months of a ministry that was going to do everything j but has it done anything at all ? Under its auspices, tho country was to flourish as it never had done before j but the sober reality is, that things never were so bad. The country seems drifting to ruin, without a hand at the helm that can steer tbe ship. Men respect a reality, but they contemn an imposition, because of the instinct of its worthlessness and its mischief. Every form of government has admirers exccpt a sham one. Even absolutism and tyranny found be lievers in ' right divine ' ; but who believes in government by faction 1 Tho people de mand to be governed — they wish to bo governed well, but they prefer to be governed badly than not at all. It is a very good thing that tho old selfish exclusive, semides potic system of Whig and Tory is at an end ; but it is a very bad thing that nothing else gubernatorial has been put in its place. And nothing has been put in its place, be cause here wo imitate in our Ex ecutive arrangements the doings iu England, and in England people have not yet opened their eye3 to the fact that tho materials of party government aro all dead and buried, and that the thing which now goe3 by tho name is only the gibbering ghost of tho histori cal defunct reality. How loiy in England they will continue in tho dark on this im portant point, we do not know ; but until wo contrive an efficient system of government here, all our vaunted electoral and parliamentary privileges will remain only tho very disjointed and inharmonious parts of an unfinished whole. 