DIVORCE. (From the Tablet.) " Puzzle-headed people are apt to confound together" Protestanism as it is in principle and Protestantism as practised in the higher grades of society. They are not at all the same thing, however, nor things equal to the same. The Protestantism of decent society is neither one thing nor the other — it is Protestantism with a strong admixture of Catholic sentiment, and in practice governed in no slight degree, though unconsciously, by Catholic tradition and Catholic practices. It is not to be expected that "puzzle- headed people" will come to understand this all at once ; yet things occur from day to day, which one might imagine would make the matter clear, even to the most puzzle-headed. For instance : — we reprinted from the Guar- dian the other day a correspondence regarding marriage and divorce, lately published by Bishop Colenso in the Natal Journal. It appears that this Protestant Bishop Colenso, of Natal, an- nounced ' some time since ' his ' opinion that' — we cite the Guardian — ' in case of a native convert being already in possession of more wives than one, the Christian system did not re- quire, or justify, the repudiation of any of his several wives.' And it appears further by the correspondence ' that his view is supported by the Archbishop (Whately) of Dublin, and the late Bishop (Hinds) of Norwich.' 'Puzzle- headed people,' says Dr. Whately, ' are apt to confound together the making of a contract which is (in a Christian country) not allowed, and the keeping to a contract which, when it was made, was lawful. I hold with the Bishop that a man who puts away a wife, even though he has another, ' causeth her to commit adultery.' Here is Protestant doctrine, from which indeed the instinct of every pure- minded Protestant will revolt, as from any other piece of unmiti- gated heathenism. And yet it is impossible, on Protestant principles, to convict Doctor Whately and Company of false doctrine. Given the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, and there is no proving the polygamists in the wrong. This is worth considering maturely. Doctor Whately may be right and the Christian system polygamistical — that is to say, the Catholic prin- ciple of marriage not the positive doctrine of Christ's law — for aught that our Protestant learned or unlearned, from Norwich to Port Natal, can show to the contrary. And if, on Protestant principles, Doctor Whately be right on this point, what law is it that ' in a Christian community does not allow' polygamy ? Where is the rightful authority to proscribe it ? Is it all a matter of civil contract, allowable or not as the civil law may determine? And, where allowed, in perfect accordance with the Christian system of — Port Natal? Doctor Whately goes on further to clinch the argument. ' The divorces,' he says, ' which some of the Missionaries advocate create so mani- fest and great an obstacle to the propagation of the Gospel, that nothing could justify the adoption of such a procedure except its being clearly a point of moral obligation, instead of which it is, as I am convinced, a procedure decidedly im- moral.' To found a community of converted heathens, leaving to the second generation the example of their fathers, good Christians acknowledgedly, living in Polygamy, seems a novel way to begin the establishment of a pro- Christian society. But why not, all at once, fling off the pretence that Protestantism is, any more than it is, a civil system, a political anti- Catholic creed, and advo- cate a true British 'compromise' between itself and the several heathen systems it may be brought to deal with? The sooner it comes to this the better for all parties. Cotton and cutlery would go off more readily if, at the same time, the passing off upon the natives of a Brummagem- ware religion were not attempted. This, too, would obviate the un- comfortable necessity to the qualmish Missionary to stretch a point or two of ' moral obligation' in favour of ' the propagation of the Gospel' in foreign parts. Those points of ' moral obligation' are but the last remains of ' mummery and su- perstition,' relics of old Catholic teaching, which have lost their virtue in this unbelieving age. But why narrow the application of this Natal doctrine ? It is the right moral (or immoral) doctrine, and its teachers, so-called archbishops and bishops, are the proper Protestant doctors of the age and country. The half measure of divorce divulged by Parliament will probably, and very soon, prove insufficient for the requirements of the heathen mass. You have then only to fall back upon the Natal-Norwich-Dublin doctrine, and the 'so manifest and great obstacle' which some missionaries create ' to the propagation of the Gospel' amongst the heathens at home will at once disappear. As the case stands, who will distinguish for us the nice distinction between Natalism and Mormonism, between the doctrine of Protestant Bishop Colenso and the practices of Prophet Young and his brethren of Utah ? The real Protestant hymn of the day is ' Going home to Utah !' But how will those poor ' puzzle- headed people,' gifted with right moral instincts, reconcile this ex-cathedra Protestant teaching with their own decent notions? Will they rest satisfied with their own consciousness, and not seek, so as to discover, upon what sure grounds the Catholic principle of marriage has been established? The Church will readily enough discover it to them — in a word, that marriage, under the law of Christ, is not only a contract, but a sacrament also. The teaching and practice of the Church — the same today, yesterday, and the day before — as the same from the beginning, so the same unto the end — is clear and unmistakeable. Here is but one instance where she, through the testi- mony of her teaching and practice, is found fill- ing up what is wanting of the completion of the written law. She, who was before the words of the New Testament were written, from whose mouth it was taken down, on whose faith it has been received — she, the undying witness, bears testimony, not only to the truth of Holy Writ, but to the whole truth, as delivered to her, speak- ing not as with the tongues of men and of Angels, but of Christ, whose spouse she is, and who has promised to be 'with her all days, even unto the consummation of the world.' This same Church, which Christ gave birth to in His Disciples, now grown unto maturity, as the living witness, bears testimony to the teaching of Our Lord during those forty days after His resurrection, of which Holy Writ contains no record. And even as we are told that in the full grown man there is not a single atom of that physical substance which made up his childish frame, all having been removed, particle by par- ticle, but at the same time renewed again and again ; so is it with the body of the Church, of which the Faithful are each but an atom. But the Church lives throughout, animated by the same spirit with which the Holy Ghost filled her on the day of Pentecost, bearing testimony to the truth which she has heard and witnessed. This testimony is embodied in her traditions. On this testimony the sacramental rule of mar- riage has been established throughout Christen- dom ; and only by reference to this her testimony can that rule, when brought in question, be maintained. Like the settling the Canon of Scripture, infant baptism, the keeping of the Lord's Day, and not the Jewish Sabbath, the Christian marriage rule is provable only by testi- mony of Catholic tradition. 