IMPOUNDINGS. WOLLOMBI, Marou 3, from Whyhallab, by J. Hollii shed :-Bay horse, blaok points, star in face, IO ne shoulder, IC off neck, 0 years old, 14 hands high ; dan ages Xl. If not olaimed bofore 3rd April, will be sol G. MARRIOTT, is. Od. MANILLA, March 1, from Diniwarindi, Namoi Sive by 0. Baldwin, Esq.; damages 3s, per head :-Sark bc horse, M. or W reversed near shoulder ; bay horse, littl whits on forehead, near fore and hind feet and undi saddle white, C or G with X over and OB under ne« shoulder, 3 nonr thigh, switoh tail ; brown maro, whit down faio, GB conjoined near shoulder ; light grey c roan colt, unbranded, about 18 months old. If nc released, will be sold in 24 days from Oth Maroh. I VENESS.' Os. Sd. SETTLER'S HOME, Ashfield, March 6, from Enfield damages 2s. each :-Red and white spotted cow, on rum like HG oonjoined ; red poley cow, spotted whito o both sides, no visible brand ; blaok cow, white baok on belly, no visible brand. If not released will be sol 20th Marah. W. B. f EADLEY. Ss. Od. TAMWORTH, February 20, from the Estate of the Fcc Rivor Land and Mineral Company, damages 10s. 6d. pe head :-Groy mare, ¡0 near shoulder; chesnut mari JMD conjoined near shoulder, a foal at foot, unbranded bay Ally, like 3 near shoulder, blaze down face, off hin leg white, near hind foot white; boy liorBO, like M nea shoulder, m near nook. Also, from Niminga:-Ba mare, like S in circle near shoulder, bind foot white damages 5s. Od. Also, from Attonga :-Strawberry bul look, PR or RR off thigh i yellow sided bulloak, nea horn broken, large star on forehead, F near rump, W ol rump ; strawberry bullook, F near bip, W on loin ol side ; damages 3s. Od. If not olaimed, will bo sold. C W. MORRIS. 8s. Dunno, February 20, from Bunglegumbie ; damage and driving 2s. per head:-Strawberry oow, epooklei sides, 00 near baok, E off back ; brown poley cow, TC over 8 near rump : white and yellow cow, CS off rum] and ribs ; white bullook, MT both rumps ; blaok con whito book, "WM over 2 off rump; white oow, MS ol rump; strawberry and white bullook, CD over C nea rump, X shouldor ; white cow, red neck, II over H ol rump ; red and white steer, DS over I off side ; brindli bullook, HW ovor 6 near rump, ö over 2 shoulder ; rot bullook, like SIM near ribs ; brinillo oow, -B off rump ID off ribs; strawberry and white oow, PMover Coff rump brown oow, TJX near rump and ribs ; white bullook, HC ovor W off rump; brindle bullook, TJ near rump, illegi ble brand off rump; rod cow, OS off rump ; red bullook J'd off rump and ribs; speokled steer, DD off rump red and whito poley oow, PB off rump ; rod bulloak, CI nour rump; rod-steer, T over 00 near rump.x off rump rad Rtoor, W off rump and shoulder; rod nteer, JAS near rump ; whito cow, BS off ribs ; red cow, 51Y off rib] and shouldor; brindle oow, A and illegible brand neal side; rad and whito oow, J over JJ off ribs; white stcor snmo brand. If not released will be sold 20th Mnrob W. WYATT. 12S. LOUISA CHEEK, Maroh 1, from Willorang ; damagos uni driving 7s. OJ. eaoh :-Red bullook, branded fl over O on near shouldor, U over O on near ribs, Ö over U or near rump ; red bullook, brandod MRS on off ribs, 2 of rump. Also, March 3, from samo place ; damages ant driving 10s. Od. :-Day mare, star on forehead, RT on oil shouldor, N undor saddle near Bide, Uko 2B oonjoinod near shoulder. If not olaimod, will bo sold 27th Marok A. MURDOCH. CS. Od. WEST MAITLAND, from Tooal and Bolwarra, February 27, and Maroh 1 :-Red or brindle stoer, whito rump and tail, if brandod not visible ; white staor, JO on off rump rod bullook, top of noar ear off, N ovor N off thigh] brindlo or red bullook, split in the noar oar, white spot on tho body, PH over MC on off rump; light rod ot yollow cow, off horn broken, JW over 8 off rump ; damages 3d. nor head ; brown or blnok h orso, star ir forohoad, off hind foot whito, long tail, FO or FG noat shoulder; dark iron groy horse, star, long tail, bottom ol ' tail whito, a few whito spots under saddle, WL of] shoulder, damagos 9s. If not released will bo sold 34th Marah. J, LF.DSAM. 7s, 3d. CONCORD, Marah 8, from tho Publia Roads j-Brown mare, hog mano, small star in tba forehand, very poor, nonr saddlo H, near shouldor JP ovor FG; aged, 14 hands high; black sided oow, whito baok, tall, and bolly, Iooak horns, near ribs lida RSB, off rump HS. off thigh AS, off t ibs like Al, jr riot, rplensod, {hey will bo Bold. II. D. BURY. OS. TARALOA, Marob 0, from Richlands; damage! 8 fer bead :-Iron grey gelding, docked tail, near abo cheek 2 ; bay filly, both near aide feet while, 3 abonlder ; bay filly, BC over 3 near abonlder ; bay blaok points, 2 near shoulder; iron grey gelding, feet white, blazo down faoe, 2 over KC near «hou dark iron grey, 2 over EC near shoulder. Ii not role will be sold Oth April. E. DENNING. CS. Dd. ROTE'S CREEK, Maroh (J, from John Marabel's b trespass and driving, 2 s. :--Boy horse, whito face hind leg white, like PE over R near shoulder, J ] Shoulder about 14 hands high. If not released wi! sold. J. SMITH, 4s. OJ. LOMBA CHEEK, Maroh -1 :-Rod bullock, DC side off shoulder, samo brand on off rump and ribs ; rod look, liJiû diamond over Sf, RS near ribs, 2 off rt If not reloased, will be sold 29th Marob. A. MURD 3B. Od. WOLLONGONG, March 9, from Avandale :— Red wbito spotted or strawberry bullook, snail horns, v, face, illegible brand under »(writing capital) on «ff rump. If not released, before 27th Marob, will be i J. MUKFIIY. 4s. Od. HARTLEY, Maroh 9, from the Estate of Mr. P. Lo Sodwells :-Bay mare, © with W over and M undo shoulder, MP over *d near shoulder, star oat forehoac bands 1 ineb high ; a blaok Ally foal by her side1, 1 star on the faoe, snip between nostrils ; damages driving £3 17s. If not reloased, will be sold 3rd A J. M'COY. Os. 3d. MOOEE, February 23, by Messrs. Lloyd, from Bur and Ourloy ; trespass and driving, Cs. 3d. per heat Strawberry bullock, WL over 0 rump and thigh ; ye , and white oow, JB near rump, 3 near thigh ; calf, 1 branded ; red heifer or cow, AR off ribs ; calf, unbrani strawberry bullook, H near rump, illegible brand i thigh, ear marked ; yellow and white oow, D off i WD off thigh ; red strawberry bullook, X off rump over Q near ribs, ear marked ; yellow and white < like M sideways over 3 near shoulder, W near hip, marked ; yellow and white cow, HB near rump, 5fl rump; strawberry heifer calf, unbranded. If not leased will be sold 22nd March. D. MUNRO. 8a. WAOOA WAGGA, Marob 5, from Mangoplah, by Thoi Darlow, Esq.; damages and driving 10s. per head Ohesnut mare, CE near sbouldor ; ehesnut horso f unbranded; ebesnut colt, star, BT near shoulder ; 1 horse, small Btar, off hind foot white, saddle marl illegible brand under AP near shoulder ; ches yearling colt, MK near shoulder; black colt, si brand ; dark brown colt, samo brand ; bay oolt, star, bind foot whito, JT near shoulder, B near thigh ; oolt, Btar and snip, a off shoulder; brown maro, hind foot white, RB A near nook, CB near should ehesnut horso foal, unbranded, star and snip; bli mare, star, off hind foot white, JP near shoulder; bra oolt, MK near shoulder; bay mare, O ovor 00 shoulder, W over M near shoulder ; brown horse, st MK near shoulder; bay horse, same brand ; blaok mt star and snip, CE over ST near shoulder. Also, Mat 0, from Bellenbong, by A. Davidson, Esq. ; damages e driving fl :-Bay horse, aged, 15 hands high, brol in, like C in half-oirole near shoulder. If not releas will bo sold 31st Maroh. J. D. MEARES. 10S. Od. ALBURY, March I, from Quart Quarter; driving I per head :-Iron groy mare, R reversed off should club brand near rump, unbroken ; bay oolt, star a snip, dub near rump ono year old ; grey mare, I over near shoulder, near hind foot white, unbroken; ii mare, both hind foot white, small star and stripe foi head, near hind foot white, W under near hip; bay nm both hind feet whito, small star forehead, N near should. W off shoulder ; ohesnut mare, white stripe down foi head, Afli over g off shoulder, D near rump, unbrokei bay mare g (writing capital) near shoulder, bia« points, unbroken ; dark bay or brown horso, near hit foot white, H with ^ over H with _^ off shoulder, u broken ; brown mare A+L over 2 near shoulder, D ne rump, star forehead ; brown Ally, pulled tail, A ne rump ; bay entire colt, star forehead, snip on nose, B < shoulder, unbroken ; iron grey mare, Wrj off should« docked tait; bay horse, WP near shoulder, MS < shoulder, near hind foot white, star and snip; bay mat N" near shoulder, black points, unbroken ; blaok filly, t brands visible, one year old ; bay entire horso, long tai RIO over AT near shoulder; damages Ü6; chasm entire colt, RIC near shoulder, unbroken ; dark bron filly, both hind feet white, star forehead, an illegib brand with S over and RIO under on near shoulder, H over T off shoulder. If not released, will be sold 24t Maroh. J. A. KENNEDY. 11S. Od. MERRIWA, Maroh 4, from Brindley Park :-Bay mar star and stripe in forehead, near hind foot white, sadd! marks, rjC with JP conjoined over and AW conjoinc under near shoulder; damages and driving 10s. Alsi on the same day, from Cullengrall :-Light brown gelc lng, white stripo down forehead, near fore and hind foi white, G near neek, D near shoulder, damages and àri\ ing IOs. If not released, will bo sold 4th April. Vi MUNRO. SS. Od. COOMA, Marah 3, from Gillamatong:-Blaok colt, stat JO off shoulder; ehesnut mare, blaze face, white fee like DK near shoulder; bay Ally, samo brand ; hay coll off bind foot wbito, star and snip, like PK (the P re versed and conjoined) near shoulder ; hay filly, like I! near shoulder; bay colt, star and snip, same brand; dar oream coloured filly, some brand ; ohesnut Ally, stat hind feet white, like BR both shoulders ; ohesnut mare blaze, white feet, silver roane and tail, like JR nea shoulder ; blaok filly foal, unbranded ; brown filly, nea hind and forefoot white, like 03 over W (writing aapitn W) near shoulder ; bay filly, samo brand ; bay filly, Iiki W ovor 00 near shouldor ; ehesnut oolt, bang tail, silve mane, W (writing capital) near shoulder, like 0 or01 off nock. If not released, will be sold 27th March. C WALTERS, S.S. Od. MUSWELLBROOK, Maroh 3 :-Bay maro, star, W of shoulder, H offside neck, 80 near ribs, a bay horso foo by hor side unbranded, 3 months old; bay gelding, star hind lcgB appear to have been brokon, 3 years old, nc legiblo brand ; ohesnut colt, whito. face, hind feet whito 18 months old, unbranded. If not olaimod they will b( sold Cth April. D. FEIÎOUSON, SS. 6d. RAYMOND TERRACE, Maroh 0, from Osterly ; damage! ls. per head Red and whita steer, CL over O on of rump ; speckled heifer, same brand on off rump ; red and white steer, C on near rump. If not released, will bo sold to defray expenses. E. DOHERTY. 4S. 3d. BUNGENDORE, February 20, from Oidleigh Estate, foi trespass in open pasturo land ; damages and driving 10s, per hoad :-Rod cow, whito on belly, specked about Bides and hind quarters, RW ribs, milking side; young red heifer, whito on udder, LC rump and ribs off side, Also, Maroh 4, from Sand-hill, for trespass in growing crop of potatoes ; damages and driving, 4a. 8d. : Redisb working bullook, white on back, belly, legs, and tail, tops of horns out off, Uko PQ over B with Lin half, olrole under off ribs, liko CM rump near sido, like JR thigh, like L3J ribs, 22 shoulder off side. Also, March 0, from Tualta Estate, for trospass in open pasture land; damages and driving £1 Os. 2d.:-Blaok bull, appears to be rising 3 years old, little white on belly, no brand visible. If not released, will bo sold in 21 days from 12th Maroh. O. BYRNE. 8S. Od. G UND AO AI, Maroh 6, from Mr. Stephen White's sta- tion ; damages 4s. Od. por hoad :-Red bullook, SM off ribs; red bullook, JK over H off ramp; strawberry poley oow, JT over 2 off rump, 2 off ribs ; yellow and white cow, HE conjoined oft" romp, 2 off ribs, calf at foot, no brand visible ; red steer, MM off rump and ribs ; brindlo and whito steor, same brands ; rod and i white steer, samo brands; rod and whito steor, same brands; strawberry steer, same brands; red and white i boifer, same brands; red cow, sarao brands; rod heifer, 1 some brands; blaok and whito steor, samo brands ; rod oow, some brands ; brindlo and whito steor, samo brands; red and whito steer, samo brands ; yellow poley steer, samo brands; rod and white stoor, samo brands; yollow heifor, same brands ; brindlo and whito steor, samo brands t red steer, samo brands ; yellow steer, same brands; strawberry stoor, samo brands; rod bullook, I sideways and M off rump and thigh ; rod and whito cow, same brand ; brindlo cow, samo brand ; strawberry heifer, same brand ; yellow steor, sarao brand; red bullook, same brand; brindlo cow, Ramo brand; strawberry oow, sarao brand; yollow steor, samo brand ; red and whito steer, samo brand ; strawberry cow, name brand-notioo sent to owners; strawberry oow, JT over 2 off rump, y rovorscd off ribs ; red bul- look, MRYover2off ribs; red and whito bulloak, XS near shoulder, XSP near rump, SF off ribs ; red and white bullook, AM off rump, A off thigh; rad and white spotted bullook, PT off rump ; roan steer,, over D nour shouldor, 0 near rump ; btindlo and whito cow, JO oil rump; brindle stoor. D sidoways ovor JO off rump, JO over D sidoways off ribs ; yollow or rod steer, L-N (tho N a writing capital) off ribs; red and whito stoor, JO off rump nnd ribs ; yollow and whito bullook, HO off rump, Hito 10S off thigh ; strawberry bullock, liko P sido- ways with "Wovor and L undor near rump ; red bullook, WC oil rump and ribs ; rad cow, I Bidoways and IC off thigh ; strawberry cow, SD off rump ; brown steor, MA ovor A off ribs j whito poloy cow, AM off rump ; yollow and white oow, BM off rump, M off ribs; yollow.sided oow, 6 ovor H off shouldor. If not rolonsod, will bo sold in 24 days from 12th Maroh. P. RYAN. 10S. Od. CARCOAR, March 1, from tho run of Thomas Iooly, Esq., Coombing; troRpass ls. por hoad:-Red bullook, EM near rump and thigh, EM off ribs; strawberry bulloak, brand naar rump not legiblo; yollow stoor liko JSl* noar ribs, number 8 near shoulder ; brindlo end whito bullook, brand off ribs not legiblo ; brown cow, bald faoe, B noar rump, D off ribs ; brown calf, bald faco unbranded. If not released, boforo 30th March, thoy will be sold. R, BoNTJNC. Og, ' Pnooness or PARAOUAY.-Interesting inforn concerning the rosouroes of this remote country ii Íilied by Mr. Henderson, British oonwl at Assura n hi« last report on the trade of the Ilcpublio. amount of tho exports nod imports^for the last llvo shows a small increase in both during 180(1, ov< preceding years. This is mainly owing to tho (ncr production and vnlue of tobacco since its introdu into Europe, and to tho augmented consumpti foreign manufactures. Nearly one-half of tho nm ou exports, ¿'100,000, representa produco sold or exp by tho Government, which leaves a sum of £122,0 tho amount of exports by tho trade. The impor account of the Government, in war materials, machi stores, Seo., which have boon very largo within tin few years, do not appear in tho official roturns. imports by the trade, represented at £120,000, accoi to tho Custom-house valuations, aro worth about 21 cent, more, or £lfi7,000, making a surplus in the im] over the exports by tho trade of £30,400. The prin produoe of tho country for exportation is the Yerl Paraguay too. It is a monopoly of the Governmen whom it is principally exported. Very little wood ii ported, although it abounds in tho coui and is greatly in demand. The most important ex to the trade is tobacco, of which Government only appropriates a small por The demand has increased consider sinos its introduction into European markets, and i Guitarists find it to ba the most lucrative product of soil. In 1854, about 3,000,000 lbs. wero exported 1855, about 0,780,000 lbs. ; in 1850, up«ardf 5,000,000 lbs. Hides, raw and tanned, form tho ? other artiole of export of any importance. Tho opel of tho river navigation up to the Brazilian provine Matto Grosso, will doubtless in time have a favour efleot on tho oommercinl polioy of Paraguay. Sev vessels have already proceeded to the port of Albuq quo with considerable cargoes of merchandise, both f Buenos Ayres and from Assumption ; but as yet positive or reliable information has been obtained of commercial capabilities or of the production of M Grosso. Tho total number of vessels entered at port of Assumption was 171, being an inórense of upon the preooding J oar; tho official value of the care was £120,211. Tho clearances umounted to 100, bf an inorease of 40 ; value of exports, £228,028. Thi fourths of tho shipping was under tho Argentine f .nd the national and Uruguayan flags comprise greater part of tho remainder, though Ibero were « vessels under the British, French, Sardinian, and I zilian flags. These statistics are interesting, from limited knowledgo of Paraguay, and encourage the li liest hopos that tho great resources of tho country i soon be available to the commerce of tho world.-Sun Miss JESSIE WHITE'S ACCOUNT OK HERSELF.-M Jessie Meriton White has written a long comraunioati to Mr. James Stansfield, of Fulham, London, contain: a detailed narrative of her arrest and imprisonme which that gentleman has published. Furnished, i says, with a passport from Lord Clarendon, and with I vila of AuRtria, Fronoo, and Sardinia, she went to Get early in May lost, for literary purposes. On the S July (a fow days after tho attempt at insurreatioi twonty-ono caribineeri and policemen rushed into 1 apartment, ransacked her desk and wardrobe throe hours, nod then rudely ordered her at once quit the Sardinian States. She refused to go, and, af keening ber confined in her apartment for two da; they threatened to carry her off by force, when s applied to tho British consul, Mr. Y. Brown, and to t British Ambassador, Sir J. Hudson, for protection ; t they refused to interfere on her behalf, because she w suspected of having been concerned in the foolish i tempt at insurrection. Though thus abandoned, B still refused to leave Genoa, and demanded a fair trii and the upshot was, that she was taken to the seoi prison of St. Andrea, wbero about one hundred otb persons, who had boen arrested on account of tho inst: rection, were confined in dark and humid cells, am thieves and assassins, and not even permitted to ta! excroise. During the first ton weeks of her impriso ment sba was not allowed to seo a single friend; ai all her books, letters, and materials sent to her we most rigorously inspected. She was twice examined on the first day after her arrest, and again in abo seven weoks ; and the judioial authorities, finding th they oould substantiate no charge against her, cnust some oifioial hints to bo given to her that she might stl be restored to liberty on oondition of quitting Piedmon She refused the magnanimous offer, knowing that, tried, sba must be declared innooent, and obtain tl liberty of remaining in Genoa in peace. Tho author ties then resorted to the trick of making out that si was insane, as an excuse for releasing her without tria and without an acknowledgment of her innocence; bt the Italia del Popólo divulged the plot, and on the lit November, after having been in prison four months, sh was liberated by tho authorities, there being no ground of accusation against her. Thus, though tho Britis consul and tko -British ambassador had refused to intel fore on her behalf, because she was suspected of conspi racy, hor innocence was acknowledged by tho Govert? ment, aud she is free to remain in Genoa as long os sh chooses to do so. THE BISHOP O» OXFORD ON PREACHING.-The fol lowing is an extract from the Bishop of Oxford' Charge -"Suffer me to ask-and I ask it of myself jus as much as of you-are our sermons what thoy ougta to be, and what labour and prayer might make them Is there notin general the taste of essays or disquisition about thom, and is not their merit soundness, modera Hon, perhaps exaotnesB? And is not their fault that o dulness ? And is not what we want to reach our people a stylo of composition the exact opposito of this, cn< which is intellectual, terse, pointed, dealing in ebor sontenoes; using Saxon words asolóse to every daj lif< os it can be without being profane or vulgar; being a onco impressive in its subjects, its applications, iti illustrations, and its assertions ? Should it not avoit the oasy uniformity of a man applying a nostrum, one with the living earnestness of ono who believes he hat all {important truths to convey, deolaro the ourso of sir and tho blessed remedy provided for it in the sacrifico and perpetual offering of our Lord, and in the working of God tho Holy Ghost! Should you not dwell en and proclaim Christ on hie cross, Christ in his work of love, Christ in his Word, Christ in his Churob, Christ in III'B Sacraments, and Christ crucified ; Christ risen, Christ mediating, Christ saving f Should it not embrace all tho variety, and fire, and lovo which belong not to a mouthful of phrase*, but a heart, a mind and soul full of their subjeot, and that subject eternal life, man lost or man's salvation, and the lovo of Christ and the working of tho eternal Spirit, and tho blessedness of the church of the redeemed ? And should not all theso bc delivered as if we were in earnest, because wo aro in earnest ? I must leave it to you to determine for yourselves whether you can best speak, then, for Christ from or without a manuscript, I be- lieve generally tho best courso is to preach onco eaoh Sunday a written and once an unwritten sermon, by no means one wbiob has boen oommitted to memory, but ono which through fresh utterings of the moment, is tho product of thought, and study, and prayer. It would help us, again, in this mode of praaahing, if wo remona borod constantly that for tho great mass of our pooplo preaching is, and must be, the great instrument of God used for converting souls." THE AUTUMN OP LIFE.-Not many months before tho death of the late Judge Davis, on tho oocasion of a dinner party ot his house, at which Mr. Justice Story and othor eminent jurists and lawyers wore present, tho conversation turned on the comparativo advantages of the different periods of lifo. Some thought that the seasons of youth and manhood wore the fullest of enjoy- ment, and others gave tho preference, for solid satis- faction, to the period of ago. Judgo Davis did not state bis opinion until ho was invited to do so ; and then, in that calm and benignant mannor for which bo was remarkable, ho said :-"In tho warm season of tho year it is my dolight to bo in the country, and overy pleasant evening while I om thero, I love to Bit at the window and look upon somo beautiful trees wbiob grow near my hou«e. The murmuring of tho wind through tho brandies, the gentle play of tho leaves, and the flicker- ing of tho light upon thom, when tho moon is up, fill mo with an indasoribablo pleasure. As the autumn oomos on, I feel very Bod to Bee those loaves falling ono I by ono ; but when they are all gono I find that thoy i woro only a soroon before my eyes ; for I oxporionoo a now and higher satisfaction as I gaze through tho nakod branohos at tho glorious stars beyond." American paper. EFFECTS OF AFRICAN FEVER.-A Hamburg vessel was lost near tho bar boforo wo earns down. The mon wera much moro regular in their habits than English sailors, so I had an opportunity of observing the fever, noting as a slow poison. They folt " out of sorts " only, but gradually became palo, bloodless, and emaoiated, than weaker and woakor, till, at last, they sank moro Uko oxen bilton by tsotso limn any disonso I over saw. The oaptaln, n strong robust young man, remained in porfcot honlth for about throo months, but was at lost knooked down suddenly, and made as helpless as a child, by this tarriblo disease. Ho had imbibed a foolish prcjudico against quinine, our sheot anchor in tho complaint. This is rather n professional imbjool, but I introduoo it hore, in ordor to protost against tho prcjudioo ns almost ontiroly unfounded. Quinino is invnlunblo in fover, and never produces any unplaasnnt offoats in any otago of tho disenso, if oxbibitod in combination with an nperiont. The captain was saved by it, without his knowledgo, nnil I was thankful (bat tho mada of treatment, HO uillcnoio IH nmnnrr nnh'vnS. nrnmtanrl an Mr nmnnn HnM>.i«._ J Pr. Livingttane't Africa. ' 