ON THE PAYMENT OF NEWS- PAPER SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PRINTERS' ACCOUNTS. (Sermons by Dow, jun.) If je are honest, honorable men, Go ye and—PAY THE PRINTER.—ANON. MY HEARERS—There are many seeming trifles in this world which you are apt to overlook on account of their unimportance, the neglect of which has plunged thousands into the deepest mire of misery, and sunk their characters into inextricable degradation. Among these ostensible trifles that of neg- lecting to pay one's honest debts is the most common, and attended with the worst of consequence. It takes off all the silken furze from the fine threads of feeling—creates a sort of misanthrophic coldness about the heart—skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon the milk of generosity —and makes man look as savagely upon his brother man as does a dog upon one of his species while engaged in the gratify- ing employment of eating his master's din- ner. One debt begets another. I have always observed that he who owes a man a dollar is sure to owe him also a grudge ; and he is also more ready to pay compound in- terest on the latter than on the former. Oh, my friends, to be over head and ears in love is as bad a predicament as a person ought ever to be in ; but to be so deeply in debt that you can't sleep at nights without being haunted by the ghost of some insatiate cre ditor, is enough to give a man the hydro phobia—make him bite a wheelbarrow— cause it to run mad, and create a general consternation among the lamp-posts. My dear friends—the debt that sits heaviest on the conscience of a mortal provided he has one—is the debt due to the PRINTER. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the nightmare—galls the soul— frets and chafes every ennobling sentiment— squeezes all the juice of fraternal sympathy from the heart, and leaves it drier than the surface of a roasted potatoe. A man who wrongs the THE PRINTER out of a single cent can never expect to enjoy comfort in the world, and may well have doubts of finding happiness many other. He will be sure to go down to his grave ere Time has bedecked his brow with the silvery blossoms of age ; and the green leaves of hope will fall before the first bud of enjoyment has expanded. It is true the mushrooms of peace will spring up during a short night of forgetfulness, but they will all wither beneath the scorching rays of remorse. How can you, my friends, ever have the wickedness and cruelty to cheat THE PRINTER, when you consider how much he has done, and is doing every day for you. He has poured into the treasures of your minds some of the most valuable gifts anything short of a God can bestow ; ay, riches with which you would not part for the possession of the whole world and a mortgage on a small cor ner of heaven. With the keys of magic, as it were, he has opened the iron cased doors of the human understanding—dispelled the darkness of ignorance, and lit up the lamp of knowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine—THE PRESS—is surrounded by the glory, and its effulgence extends all over the broad empire of the mind, illu- minating the darkest avenues of the heart ; and yet, THE PRINTER—the man who toils at the lever of this soul enlightening instrument—is often robbed of his hard- earned bread by those whom he has delivered from mental bondage, and placed in a para dise to lay off and grow fat upon the fru.ts of his labors ! Oh, you ungrateful sinners ! If ye have hearts moistened with the dew of mercy, instead of gizzards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto you. If there be one among you in this congregation whose ac count is not settled with the PRINTER, go and adjust it immediately, and be able to hold your head up in society like a giraffe ; be respected by the wise and the good— free from the tortures of a guilty conscience —and escape from falling into the clutches of licensed thieves, and lawyers. If you are honest and honorable men, you will go forth and PAY THE PRINTER. You will not wait for the morrow—because there is no to-morrow ; it is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises—an addled egg in the great nest of the future the debtor's hope and the creditor's curse. If you are dishonest, low-minded sons of Satan, I don't suppose you will ever PAY THE PRINTER. as long as you have no reputation to lose— no character to sustain—and no morals to cultivate. But let me tell you, my friends, that if you don't do it, your path to the tomb will be strewn with thorns—you will have to gather your daily food from bram- bles—your children will die of dysentery, and you yourselves will never enjoy the blessings of health. I once called on a sick person, whom the doctors had given up as a gone case, I asked him if he had made his peace with his Maker ? He said he thought he had squared up. I asked him if he had forgiven all his enemies ? He replied, yes. I then asked him if he had made his peace with his printer ? He hesitated for a mo- ment, and then said he believed he owed him something like 2 dollars and 50 cents which he wished to have paid before he said good-bye to the world. His desire was im- mediately gratifed ; and from that moment he became convalescent. He is now living in the enjoyment of health and prosperity— at peace with his own conscience, his God, and the whole world. Let this be an ex- ample to you, my friends. PATRONISE THE PRINTER ; take the papers ; 'pay for them in advance ;' and your days will be long upon the earth, and overflowing with the honey of happiness. My hearers ! pay all your debts and keep an honorable reckoning with your fellow men ; but, above all keep paying by instal- ments that everlasting debt of gratitude which you owe to Him from whom you obtain capital sufficient to begin the first transaction of life ; so that when you come to balance accounts at the day of general settlement, all things may appear fair and above board ! So mote it be ! 