V;^¿MäAMÄffir: 'DÍTEIÍMGENOEÍ 1..ÏGI8LAT1YE COUNCIL TDESDAT, OCTOBER 26. The PEKSIDENT took the chair at ft quartet after 8, and read the form of prayer. WESTEEN PROVUNOE. The PRESIDENT stated that the Clerk of < Parliament had received a letter from the Pri- vate Secretary announcing the election of Mr, Charles Vaughan as member for the Western ¡Province. KEW MEMBER. | Mr.'Vaughan was Introduced by Mr. Miller and Mr. Urquhart, and took the oath and his seat on the Government benches. . COMMISSION OF TUB PEAGE. Mr. FAWKNER said he had been recuestad fcy Mr. Fellows, who was unavoidably absent, < to give notice that that gentleman would, on < Tuesday next, move that there be laid 1 opon the table of the House, a return relative ' to all persons added to any Commission of 1 the Peace during the last or tha presea t months; detailing the surnames and ohristlau > names alphabetically arranged, together with ' tbe places of abode and business, and the trade or calling. 'THE ABORIGINES. Mr. M'OOMBIE moved, *' That a Select Committee be appointed to Inquire into the present condition of the Aborigines of this colony, and tbe best means of alleviating their absolute wants; snob. Committee to consist of Messrs. Miller Henty, Urquhart, Hervey, and Drs. Hopo and Tier- ney." . The hon. member said that although at the present moment the subject which he now ln . ' troduced might appear of small impórtanos, he .believed in future times it would be deemed of far greater consequence than the petty politioai Squabbles which now occupied BO mUoh atten- tion. The matter was now one of great interest to many persons in England and on the Conti- nent, and he had correspondence from gentle ' men of high attainments, and from British Bocieties iuTeference to it. Hedesiredlf possible ' to do something towards obtaining that mea- sure of justice for the aborigines whioh the; 1 deserved at the hands of the public They had too frequently been treated savagely and inhumanly by the white population of this colony, as the records of the Courts would show; they bad, in fact, been almost exter- minated, and it was one of the darkes! enigmas of tho world that the progress of the civilised nations appeared always to eventuate In the extermination of the inferior raoe. Tai Legislatuie, like as individnals, had a duty te perform towards the aborigines, and was bonne to see that justice was done them. He did no deny the right of the higher race to take pas session of this land, but he maintained tha at the same time such measures ought to b taken ne would ensure the aborigines means o protection and support. With the exception o the two tribes found in the neighborhood o Melbourne nothing had been done for theo in this colony. They were rapidly deorea; icg, and instead of the 6.000 which there wer computed to be at the time the colony wa settled, there were now supposed by Mi Thomas, the Guardian of the aborigines, t lie only a few hundreds. This was not th L fauit of the Imperial Government, whioh ha « at ;one time appointed proteotots to th aborigines, but waa obliged to remove then in consequence of the di if et enees whioh aroa .between them and the settlers, with whoi they carne in contact. Nothing was no done ; and hence, through want of food an persistence in the drinking habits taugt them by tho lower orders of the white the aborigines were rapidly falling away. 1 might be asked what could be done for them (Hear, hear ) He believed that the same assis anoe in the way of rations and clothing whic Was rendered to the tribes in the neighborhoc of Melbourne might be extended to them in a parts of Victoria. ("Hear, hear) The assia ance so far rendered tbem had been given I prevent them coming into Melbourne, an Interfering with the white population, but 1 (Mr. M'Oombie) thought that somethlt more should now be done to prevent the e: tinction of the race. He had in his possessia letters from the guardian of the aborigines the burveyor Oeueral, under date of Decemh 31st"186ö, and January 19th, 1867, in whioh was suggested that places of refuge for t blacksBhouldbeappointed in eel tain localitl which were numed, and if this suggestion, we carried out, it appeared to lum (Mr. M'Oomb that the local magistrates might be intrust with the distribution of the supplies, and ti the expense would be but slight. Supposli fcowever, tho expense were heavier than anticipated, surely a colony which was xeady to assist in all works of charity woi not be backward in this reepect, He b pointed out last year that only £700 w. placed upon the Estimate.) for tbe assistai " et the aborigines. He considered that fe times that amount should be contributed necessary. He was aware that subscripts were made here to defray the cost ol missionary enterprise to China, I be thought that they should bei ut home, and should send missionaries the natives of this country before look »broad. He believed it was the duty of t! House to protect an inferior olass like aborigines, and he trusted, therefore, that motion would be favorably received, Mr. MILLER seconded the motion. Mr. FAWKNER did not rise to oppose ' motion, as some good might possibly ai from it, but he was not sanguine regard the result So far as his experience went, he lie ved that it was impossible to preserve nr like the aborigines of this colony, and tha must erelong become extinct. He had kne natives educated from infancy like wi children, and they almost invariably retur. to the buBb, and becamo the moBt danger oi their race. He did not think the a -. ngines would bo long in existence, bat long as they continued the colony ought piotect them. After a few words in reply from H'Combio the motion was passed, leave bl given the Committee to take evidence anc tit during the weekly recets It was arrac that the Committee Bhould hold its ; meeting on the following (this) day, al «. cloak. I BOARD OF LAND AND WOEXS. Mr. URQUHART postponed the following motion standing In his name until Tuesday next " To move that a Committee be appointed to inquire into the present management of the BourdofLand and Works, and to report on , the measures which may be required for the more efficient and economical working of the same, such Committee to consist of the follow- ing members, viz. :-Messrs. Miller, Straohan, Hervey, Patterson, A'Beckett, M'Oombie, and the mover." NORTH-WESTERN PROVINCE. ' - Mr. FRASEE moved for a retara of the revenue collected by the Government within the electoral boundary of the North-Western Province, during the nine months ending the 30th September last. Such return to Bhow the amount from the several dlstriots, tinder the following heads: - Proportion of gold export duty; miners' rights'; licences of every description; fees of every description ; proceeds of land sales within the Province ; assessment of stock ; depasture on public lands; courts of every description; fines and forfeitures; and unclaimed poundages. The bon. mern« ber said he was aware it was not the province of that House to interfere with xerenno and expenditure, bnt on this occasion he trusted the House would allow his motion to pass. He had lately, in travelling . through the Province, heard many com- plaints of the small expenditure of Go« vernmont money M laugh), and it was very email in comparison with the revenue ob- tained. The North-Western was a very ex- tensive province, with great agricultural and -pastoral interests, and producing mora gold than «lUbeotherprovlnoes put together, and ought to be adequately provided: for'on th£ Ifctimates. He found that Castlemaine, wai allotted only £12,000, and Sandhurst £18,000 while Melbourne had £09,000 placed upon ti» Estimate« fox its public bnlfdinga. He did not think this was fair; and, with a view te its rectification, he hoped the House Would pass, that motion, and the one which folio wee it, and which stood on the notice- paper In bli name. Mi. FAWKNER was on the point of calling that motion a piece of claptrap, but would re fraln from doing so. They heard a grea deal of that North-Western Province, and o its difficulty in obtaining repairs to roads ant bridges. Why, within seven mlleBofMelbourni there were places which had no road what eyer. Returns of the cost of the officers em _ ployed on the gold-fields ought to accompan the returns of export doty. A sum of £40,001 was all that was paid for miners'-riguta affording permission to live on the land and to take wood and water, and for the! kludge alone the miners got back £25,000 a one slap. He was sick of tho nonsense tha was talked about the gold-fields. He foam that they would take out of the revenue nar year £1,'<¡77,684. In addition to this, they hi-. theix share of the sums for police and gaol ?? J - . ; 1 , li ; y v , j y -and most of the prisoners carno from the gold- fields. They had, also - a share In the votes under the ' heads of medioal, tho scientific Supremo Courts, County tJourti, magistrates, and chief clerks. In the last list of magisterial appointments» half of them were for the goldfields. Then thora weie also the Treasury, gold offices, and grants in aid of roads and bridges. At the Plenty, near Melbourno,1 no road could bo obtained, while the gold-fleldB swallowed up the revenue* ''The public works of Melbourno were partly for the benefit of the gold-fields. WOB'S, railway spoken of until the gold-fields required it, and now there were all kinds of divergencies asked for, in order that it might pass throngs this and thotSgold field ? A great part of tha Post Office expenditure-that for the Money Order department-almost entirely was for the benefit of the gold-fields. In the mail servios,, too, English letters were oonveyed to the gold- fields free of extra charge. With all these, the gentlemen who represented tha' gold field) still complained, but they need not expect to have it all their own way, and ho should move an amendment to that motion. Ha moved that the wordB, " and also an account of tha proposed expenditure in the same pro- vince," be added. Mr. CLARKE stated that, the Southern Province was quite as much neglected as the Northern Province'could be. From tho Deop Creek to Lancefield there was no road, ana Í the cattle on their way to town had to ha conveyed .through a private paddook, for which an extensive toll had to be paid. On the suggestion of the PRESIDE NT, Mr7 FRASER' combined the following motion, standing in' his name, with the ona already before the House, and Mr. Fawkner withdrew his amendment. '' Also a return of the expenditure by the Government within the electoral boundary of the North-Western Province during the last nine months, ending the 80th September last. Such return to show amount (in detail) ex- pended in the Several districts, under the fol- lowing beadB:-1. Salaries. ii. Grants to the different boards. 8. Grants to municipalities. i. Surveying. 6. Publlo buildings. 6. Gaols. 7, Courts of every description. 8. Gold odióos, furniture, ¿co. 9. Fencing, and every other expenditure." Mr. URQUHART, in opposition to Mr., Fawknqr's views, contended tbat justice had not been done to the Northern Proviaoa. However disagreeable the diggers might ba to Mr. Fawkner, the country oould not afford todo without them, and every facility ought to be rendered them in the putsuit of their labors. The money expeadcd within tha North Western Province was as benedolal to the mercantile men of Melbourno as to tha inhabitants of the province, and ought not to be doled out in the manner in whioh it had hitherto been. Mr, STEWART said that the hoa.< member who brought forward the motion, had spoken a'great deal about roads and bridges, bnt if he travelled up through tha Eastern Province, he would find neither. At Seymour, only 60 miles from town, there wn. neither bridge nor Government road. It was on the track to Seymour that the place called | the " Glue-pota" existed, and in short there had not been 100Í. laid out on the place for' I the last 12 months. At Benalla no road had I even been traced out. At Gipps Land there | had not been £1,000 expended daring the last three years. | 1 Mr. BENNETT would answer for the foot that the Southern Province was quite In as muoh need of attention as any other in respect to its roads and bridges. ¡ Mr. MILLER Bald that thero would ba no objection to furnish the returns asked for by the hon. member, but he might remark that there was on the Estimates no less an amount than one-half of the whole revenue Of the colony for the year placed to the de- partment ot the Board of Land and Works for the improvement of the colony generally. The distribution of this very large sum of money was not in the province of that House, but the representatives of the various distriot* could, when the votes were taken in the othor House, biing forward their particular claim?. Hu might say that the Noith Western Pro vince had had at least its share of the public money. (Hear, hear.) There was one pro vince which, in his opinion, had not received the attsntlon its agricultural imporUno. I demanded, viz., the Western Provlnoe (tt._rt i Mr. HOOD said that thero seemed to be an ! idea that money spent on any particular pro- vince benefited that province only, and not the reBt of the colony. This was« in his opi- nion, a mistaken idea. He hoped the hon, member would withdraw his motion, and not put the country to the expense of furnishing these returns. Mr. STRACHAN did not see the necessity of those returns, or what ultimate action could be taken on them, as that House had nothing to do with the distribution of the icvenue. Mr.M'OOMBIEconcurredintheoplnionsex pressed by the last Bpeaker, and hoped that ia deference to the opinion of the House tha motion would be withdrawn. I Mr. FRASER said that, in deference to the expressed opinion of the House, he would withdraw the motion. The motion was accordingly withdrawn. ' THE ESTATE OF WILLIAM DULLARD. Dr. TIEBNEÏ.'in pursuance of notice, moved for "V The production of all corres- pondence between tneiOurator of Intestate Estâtes in Melbourne, and his agent, Mr. Hensby, Olerk. of Petty Sessions at Benalla, touching thereoland personal estateof William Dullard, of Benalla, farmer, deceased. 2. An account of all proofs of debts on the said intestate's ¡estate received by the Curator from the said Mr Hensby, or from Mr, Charles Shaw, solicitor, of Melbourne, on behalf of the creditors, and all deeds and , documents furnished by Dr. Lumsden, of Benalla. 3. The production of all correspon- dence between tho Curator of Intestate Estates and William Piper, Esq., Police Magi- strate, of Benalla, with reierence to a certain investigation touching the proceedings of the Clerk of Petty Sessions at Benalla in relation to the estate of the said William Dullard, and the accounts thereof." Mr. FAWKNER wished to know whether the hon. member intended to take any steps I in this matter if the papéis were produced. If not, he would oppose the motion. Dr. TIERNEY would withdraw the motion if there were any opposition, especially as tha matter was at the present moment sub judies. The motion was accordingly withdrawn. ELECTOBAL EOH.S. Mr. BENNETT, in pursuance of notloa, moved for a Committee to inquire into tha present state of the elcotoral rolls of the South Province; and further to inquiro how tha system of registration might be rendered more perfect, with power to examine witnesses, the Oommitteo to consist of tho HonB. T. H. Power, M. Hervey, T. H, Fellows, T. T. A'Bookett, and the mover The bon. member said that It would not b3 necessary for him to enter at any length into the subject matter of this motion, as in faot > it had been ventilated already in that Hou3e i by the motions made and questions asked in ' reference to it. He hod felt it his duty to bring this matter forward, as it was a fast that the present electoral rolls were Iarrfent ably deficient, and almost viciously, fraudu 1 lent. In the first place, be would remark that the names of poisons were often multi« , plied on tho rolls in duplicate and trlplloata, for the same district and for the same quali- fication. That might ocour innocently as well as dishonestly. This applied to the roll for thoDppor House, as,well as to the roll for the other branch of the Legislature. It was possible that a person might send in his name for insertion on, the roll, Ignorant of the fact that somo friend had already had it inserted for him. Another friend might have dono the .like, so that a manV name might by aooldent appear three tim» on the roll for the same qualification., Efe might mention that In one electoral dlstrlol not far from Melbourne, the roll of whioh had been placed in his hands on the previous day, there were rather over 400 oases in whlot names of voters had boen multiplied two three, and four times. Now, taking the average of these multiplications as three they would have 1,200 names on the list, o which 800 would necessarily be fictitious, bul still tho right to vote would be extended te all. In fact, for 1,200 votes there would onlj be 400 Original names on the roll. In tu South Province the samo thing occurred to c very great extent Indeed ; but he need no1 enter into detail, as he was anxiou to reserve all the Information he po* 8essed for the Committee which he hopac would be appointed to investigate thesubjoct Another way in which the rolls hod baot falsified to a considerable extent was thai nemes had been inserted on them, thoa: names representing no persons whomsoovjt Thoy were fictitious names, furnished witt imaginary qualifications (a laugb), and sa down for any district These namca wan i available to any parsons who .enough, to go up to,tbo polling-booths ,to re cPteeent them, There was a third method of í falsifying the ro.ls, and it was to this that ha i i particularly wished to direct the attention of i the Council. Ia the other branoh of the» Le- gislature the qualification required for voters was In effect no qualification at all. It was, in fact, a manhood suffrage. In the Uppsr [ House elections the voters were required i to have, as a qualification, £1,093 in freehold property, or £100 per annum in leasehold property, Thora were other , qualifications also, which gave the tight of a vote in the election of a member for tha Upper House, such as being a minister, iOf re- ligion-an officer in (tho armyt or navy-» medical or other professional man-an educa- tional qualification in fact The House b.lng guarded ast it were by these regulations, te would be seen in what a dangerous position It would bo placed if it allowed them to ba tam- pered with. He was able, however, to say that there wasalargenumboRof names on the rolUor the Southern Province professing to ba those of persons duly qualified, vbut whoje qualification it was well known did not, in somecaseB, consist of even £10 per annum. He did not allege any dishonest tampering with the rolls,,but that abuses did exist In the forms he had stated, he would be able to prove to the satisfaction of the Committee; and It was possible that in proving these abuses, he should also be able to show the source from whence they originated.. He hoped that these rolls would be produced with every p03 slble despatch, as he wished to proceed at once on this subjeot before the Committee for the appointment of which he had moved. . Mr. MILLER said, that as soon as he ra ceived the electoral rolls they should ba late on the table of the Council Mr. HOOD thought that, as the conduct o a department of the Government had beac Impugned (" No, no," from Mr Bennett),som1 of the Government officials should be on th< Committee. .He would suggest the addltloi of the name of the Hon. Dr. Tierney to thi list. He thought that many of the imparfeo tiona in the present system wore dae to th introduction of the celebrated 4th olauso ii the Electoral Bill Mr. BENNETT had never raised any ob jection to the 4th oíanse. Mr. HOOD said that the hon. member ha objected to the fact that a man could hav as many votes as he possessed different quail fications. Mr. BENNETT said that this was not th objection he had raised. Ile had objected t the same name appearing several times fe the same qualification. Mr. M'COMBIE would vouch for the faot i theBe abuses existing, and he considered tha for the sake ot the Constitution of ti country, the system Bhould bo inquired iat He thought that nothing but a return to ti old collecting system could prevent the pr ilerty qualification for the Upper Ham becoming a nonentity. In fact, the preasi plan would be worse than manhood suffrag and the Upper House would be swamps Be would support the motion. Dr. TIERNEY was only registrar for ti City of Melbourne, but he knew a great de about the previous working of the rolls. E had looked over the names of the differei registrars, and he believed that their chara tera for integrity would bear comparison wl those of any member of either House Parliament. It was not the > duty of registrar to refuse any claim, and any objo tion made must be urged before the Bevisli Court. He did not tbink that when the rolls were compiled the magistrates of t Revision Courts were fully acquainted wi the law. At any tate, no name could disallowed unless an objection were raia: He did not wish to oppose the motion, but had been said out of doors, that if ott parties had stuffed the rolls, Mr. Bonnett w stuffing the Committee, , Mr.' URQUHART had expeoted that t House would have received more decisive i formation lrom Dr. Tierney. It was stat and not denied, that the rolls were stuff and the object of the Committee wot be to ascertain how they were stuffed, fact on whioh the Eon. Dr. Tiorney b offored no information. Certain etatemo bad been mado .and wera unoontradlot and he thought that this Committee was quired to detect the persons who were gul of these practices, and ho sincerely hoi they would be severely punished. After a few words from Mr. BENNETT reply the motion was put and carrl and the first meeting of the Committee ' appointed for the following day at 1 p m. ADJODBHMEKT OF THE HOUSE. Mr. STRACHAN moved, before the ort of the day were called on, that the House ita rising, adjourn to Tuesday, November : The motion was put and carried. MAEItUa E DILI.. Mr. HOOD moved the second reading of Marriage Bill, and stated that it was : cisely tho same as that passed through House lttBt session, and of which the £ second, and third readings were carried w out a single division. 0 No," from Dr. T ney.) When the Bill was referred to a O mittee, be had some verbal alteration! move, and he wonld also movo in Domini the following additional clause : " That for the purposes of this Act, fern shall be deemed to have attained their joiity at the age of 19." Mr. BENNETT objected to that olaUB the Act which enabled registrars to marry sons without any notice whatever. This liuble to great abuse, and might lead to g evil. He did not oppose the general tono the Bill, but would offer certain modificat in Committee. Mr. A'BECKETT objected to the prop new clause to give to females tbeir maje at 19, and would íeseive the right of objee to other portions of the Bill in Oommitte Mr. M'COMBIE would support the sei reading of the Bill, but still there were u points in it to which he would reserve right of objecting. He thought that the t clause might be very muoh simplified. The question was then put, and tha read a second time, and committed profi The House having resumed, the Chair reported progress and obtained leave t again on Tuesday, November 2. BOARD Of AOaiCULTUKE. The order for the second reading 01 Bill was postponed to Tuesday. Nova 2nd, on the motion of Mr. MILLER, as h not yet received certain information I , terence to it, and whioh he was anxio obtain. Mr. HERVEY gave notice, that when Bill was read a second time he would ' that it be referred to a Select Committee did not do this with a view to shelve it in order that further information migl obtained before it was passed into a law. Mr. M'COMBIE was rather incline oppose this Bill at present, but he hi objection to its reference to a Select mittee. Mr. MILLER'6aId that he was not w to submit a crudo measure to the House on that ground only he had moved the ponement. t SXLEOI OOJQtlTIBES. On the motion of Mr. BENNETT perml was given to Select Committees to alt d the recess. LAW Of DIVORCE. Mr. FAWKNER, with the leave o House, postponed the second reading < Law of Divorce Bill to Tuesday, Nove 2nd. ÏITZKOY WAEU On?ItOVEHENT THUD Mr. MILLER laid on the table the re of the receipts and expenditure of the F Ward Improvement Fand. j ( The notices of motion and orders sat for the following day, were postponed to day, November 2nd, anti the House adjc at 25 minutes past 6 o'clock. LEGISLATIVE AS8EMBLT. TüMDAT, OCTOSM 26. The SP-MKEK took toe Chair at 27 a past 4 o'clock. ' ' BOAT) WOBXS ¡& BEWALLA. Mr. ADAMSON gave notice that on ' day next he would ask the hon. the Pre of the Board of Land and Works-;1 what amounts the moneys voted by the for the several road works between Ear Benalla, for 1868, have boen or are im to be expended or appropriated darlo year. 2. In particular, what steps hav taken with regard to the bridge over tul's Creek. " AMUEESI B0AUD OF HIKES. Dr. OWENS gave notice that on Ti the 2nd Noven, bor, he would ask the h Chief Secretary what were tho reasons part of the Government for abolish! Amherst division of the Board of Min incorporating it with Maryborough. DENOMINATIONAL SOIIOOLS. Mr. O'SHANASSY laid on the tal special report of the Denominational S 1UH 0A3H 0Ï CAPTAIN H'HAIKKÍ. I Mr. O'SHANASSY laid on the tabla, in comphanco with the order of tho'Hoase, copiai of all papers relating to the retirement of Cap- tain M' Mahon from tho office of Chief Oora miesionor of Police, whioh had been move J fur by Captain Anderson. UNCLAIMED GOLD IN THE TREASURY. Dr. THOMSON gave notice that, on tha following day, he would ask the hon. tha Treasurer what amount of unclaimed gold was Btill lying in the Treasury, and in wh»t mininer the Government proposed to deal with it. GOVERNMENT SELECTION OF SITES. Mr. RICARDO gave notice that on Thurs- day next he would ask the bon. the President of tho Board of Land and Works- ' 1. If, in selecting a Bite foi a pnblio work-such as a bridge-and two Bites are proposed, the re- lativo oxponses of the approaches would bs takm into consideration in coming to a deol slon. 2 Also, if a proclaimed road is avail able and suitable for ian approach, he would recommend it to be abandoned, and another expeuBlvo approach of moie than half a milo to be made through private property. 3, Also, if in eelecttng a site for a bridge, he would poy more attention to the recommendations oi the parties who would use such bridge, and the convenience)of the geueral pabilo; oi whether a decision would bo come to on the ground of/improving! tho property of a fon versons residing in a cottairi street in an ad- joining village." i TUB CLUNES COMPANY;. I Mi. D. S. CAMPBELL presented a petition signed by upwards of 200 persons, share folders and others In the Clunes Company k reference to mining on private lands, and te (ho legalisipg of the oontraots at present en, terud into for that purpose ¡ The petition was received and read, am ordered to He on the table, THE CASE OF MB. CROFTON. I Mr. CHAPMAN laid on the table copies p (be correspondence between the Chairman p the Municipality of Emerald Hill and othoK ítlfitiveto tho case of Mr. Crofton, late olerl cf the Bench in the Municipality in question FEES TO 0BOWN PROSECUTORS. j i . MT'. CHAPMAN laid on the tablearetun cf all fees paid to counsel prosecuting on b; half of the Crown from 1850 to the end e Sijtember,1858. THE OASK OF M'KAY V. PABLEY MT DUFFY laid on the table copies of th correspondence in the case of M'Kay i loBley, which hod boon moved for by M Me oro. MININO BOARDS. Mr. EVERARD gave notice that on th I following day he would ask the Honorab! tho Chief Seoretary If, there is any provisto in the Gold-fields Act for an inoreose in tfa number of Mining Boards,1 to meet tho n quirements of new and populous gold-fields I it not, whether it was the intention of tt Government to make provision in the Act I meut such requirements? , GAOL AT CARISBROOK. i Mr. WOOD presented n petition from ti Municipal Oonnoll of Carisbrook, praying thi a site might boiseteoted for the building of gaol in that locality. r The petition was received and ordored I He on the table, 1I(S DISTURBANCES AT CLUNKS. > Mr. D. S, CAMPBELL gave notioe th- on the following day, he would ask the > hoi (be Chief Secretary-" 1. What steps the Gi < VLinment intend to adopt to > prevent a roon i lenco for the fut uro of the disturbances whl< bave lately taken place at Clunes. 2. Wa thcrit is true that the destruction of proper was created with the intention of furtherii i the unlicensed encroachment of miners i the* private property, and whether in com quenco of Buoh destruction furthor encroac ments aro bemg proceeded with." THE SLUDGE QUESTION. Di OWENS presented a petition frc owners and occupiers of land at Epsom an Huntley, relative to the encroachment I sludge in that district. | The petition was received, and ordered I he on the table. I EXTENDED OLAUtS AT BALLAARAT. Mr. WOOD gave notico that, on the I lowing day, he would move, " That copies of the instructions given the Wardens at Ballaarat, on the subject extended claims, be laid on the table of I House. TELEGRAM TO HEATHCOTE. i Mr. EVERARD begged leave, withi notice, to ask tho hon. the Poetmast G en oral the samo question he bad askedoi previous evening, viz, whether it waa the tention of the Government to continuo i electric telegraph to Heathcote. Dr. EVANS said, a sufficient sum had b placed on the Estimates, and the work wo bo prosecuted without delay. NiaUT MAILS TO TUB GOLD FIELDS. Mr. WOOD gave notice that on the foil ing day ho would ask the PoBtmastor Gent whether it is the Intention of the Gove ment to discontinuo the night mails to on; the gold-fields ; and if so, to which of th and upon what grounds. PUBLIC INSTRUCTION BILL. Mr. HEALBS gave notice that ho sho move, contingent on the second reading the Public Instruction Bill, brought la Mr 0. Campbell, ' That the Bill be reforrod to a Select Oi mtttee, to consist of Mr. R 8. Anderson, Blair, Mr O Campbell, Mr. Gavan Duffy, Haines, Mr. Harker, Mr. O'shanassy, Humffray, Mr. Michie, Mr. Speaker, and mover, with power to send for persons i papers." UBinOB OVER-TUB BARWO». Dr. THOMSON asked tbe hon. the Pi dent of the Boaid of Land and Works w the approaches to the Barwon Bridge wc bd corumencdd. Mr. DUFFÏ said the spécifications \ expected that day, and the works in ques -would be proceeded with in the course < week. Dr. THOMSON.-It would havo beon better if the thing had been done a year ¡ (A laugh.) THE MUNICIPAL GEANT IN Al» Mr. R. S. ANDERSON asked the hon. Treasurer whether the Grant in Aid to iiiclpaiities for tho year 1660 would be tiibnted in proportion to tbo amount of r collected np to the 31st Decembor, 1868 v hethor ratiB collected from that date ni the HO it April, 18C0, would bo considered eich dlstiibution, Mr HARKER said that the mode of tilbution would bo the same as that ado; during the present year. NEW LUNATIC ASYLUM AT KEW. Mr. WOOD, pursuant to notice, asked hon. tho Pxesldentof the Board of Land 1 Works whether it was the intention of Government to erect the new lunatic osy on the land known as the Village Rose adjoining Kew. Mr. DUFFY" sold tho House had roso on the 2Gth Moy last, on tho motion of hon. membor Tor Sonth Grant, that asylum should bo built on the site refe to by the bon member, nnd unless it sb niter its resolve, the work would be cal cut. It was still open to take tbo picosa the House on the matter, but if the member had any objections to make wonld suggest that he should movo the R upon it, and without unnecessary dola: the vote would lapse if the money wera expended before the end of the year. BENALLA AND WANGARATTA ROAD. MM ADAMSON asked the hon. the F dent of the Board of Land and Works, ther, after the acceptance of tondent imaking a mile of the road loading (Benalla to Wangaratta, near the Rai Hotel, and the commencement of the i by thei contractors, the works worestoi and why; and whether the Govern) would take anyBtepB in order to cans road in question, to be made? Mr. DUFF? said there had boen Boral pute with the road surveyor, but tai were now being advertised for. PEÏ3EEVATION OF FISH. Mr. HANCOCK gave notice that on th lowing day he should move for leave to I in a Bill for tho preservation of fish ii lakes and riversin the colony of Victoria FEDERAL UNION. Mr. DUFFY, by leavo of the House, poned till Tuesday, November 2, the m standing in his name for the re-appoint of the Committee on the Federal Uni the Australian colonies. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS AMKNDHXHT Bl Mr. CHAPMAN, in the absence of Mr land, moved for leavo to bring in a B amend an Aot for the Establishment of 2 olpal Institutions in Victoria. Leavo was given, and the Bill was bri np, read a first time, and order to be r recoud time on Tuesday next, tho 2nd No ?Vprnber.1 ^ I ?? teLtCTÔRAL DiaiOICTS AMEïtAlIOÎt BIM. The HOUBO then resolved itself into Oom« ! mittee for the further consideratlo'n of tha Electoral Districts Alteration Bill. Mr. ADAMSON rose to move, as an addi- tional clause, " That this Act commence and take effsot fiom ar.d alter the 7th April, 1869." The hon. member said he thought hon, mem- bers generally would recognise the uncompro- mising manner in which he had always voted on the Bill before the House, and therefore he would state that his motion had reference to the present condition of the registration. He would not then go into all the arguments which might be advanced in support of it, though they were such as he could not but consider good and valid, and furnished excellent reasons why, after the rolls for 1859 had undergone re- vision, an alteration in the registration law should also take place. He hoped he should be able to show that the rolls were not in a fit state to give a true reflex or to command the confidence of the people. Having pre- mised so muoh, he would say that he did not intend to impute motives or im- proper conduct to any one. He merely stated what was a matter of fact, origi- nating in the state of the law itself, and which it was for the House to deal with, whether by resolution or otherwise. There was a popular Impression abroad that the process of enrolling electors was only, in Its full importance, applicable to the Upper House, because below that class there was a certain number of persons not qualified to vote, and for the Lower House, under the principle of universal suffrage, there oould not be any one unduly placed on the rolls. In the case of the Lower House, however ; there was no danger of im- proper votes on the score of the suffrage, but rather from the fact that many electoral dis- tricts were continuous and bordering on each other, and so facility was afforded for the placing of voters on the rolls of both districts. He could show that the evil did operate in that way, and, unfortunately, almost wlthout remedy. He certalnly took shame to himsalf and to the House for allowing such au Act to pass. In the first place, any one might send in a claim for another person, and that claim did not require to be signed. In the case of objections, however, signature was necessary . and with what consequences the House would soon see. The Act operated in a twofold manner-first, with regard to the constitu- encies of the Upper House; and, secondly, with regard to those of the Lower House. With regard to tho Upper House, there was no doubt that the rolls had been abused; and as regarded the Lower House, also, they had been abused, According to the public journals, although he did not place muoh confidence jn them, the public had commenced to dls- trust the present electoral rolls, and believed them to be unsatisfactory. He hoped that as they were not for over to be kept in a state of uncertainty thoy would soon arrive at something permanent-in fact, tbe country 'would have to be convinced that those mem- bers who were returned were returned by per- sons who were qualified to vote. It was utterly impossible that any member of that House could go over those rolls, and when his atten- tion was first oalled to them he had done aU he could to ascertain how they stood. It was by no means his WÍBU to say anything invi- dious of any class of persons, but he would merely refer to tho rolls, which would d'fl tinctly show to what he alluded, Ho had made an examination of tho rolls with re speot to tho Murray boroughs, and had onosen Wodunga, which was thohoad-quartera of the Registrar of the Murray dlstrlot. He bad found that Mr. Hannlfy was entered as a manhood resident in one place, and asa Vioto liBn resident of two-years' standing in an- other, and he had also found several o thor similar cases, which he did not know person- ally. At Benalla, also, which was considered to bo the centre of the Violet division of th« Murray district ho had found an inordinate number of the same nameB placed both on the special and tho gonoral rolls,-in faot,1 about 20 or 80. He would not attempt to lead the House to the conclusion that ali those persons had not the necessary qualifica- tion, na ho was obliged to proceed in a great meaBure on oircumatantlal evidence, nor did he wibh to cast any imputation upon tha ? names which appeared, but the Housa would perceive that most of them wera countrymen of his. He would just mention John Adams, James Barry, Richard Barry, \- Garrett, Richard Cantwell, Denis Kearney, Charles Cantwell, Thomas Cantwell, Patrick Connelly James Doolan, James English, Daniel Fitzgerald, Patrick Glee- son, John Gleeson, Edward Gleeson, Jotta Bayes, John Kelly, Philip Keating, A. G. Keating, William Kelly, Daniel Kelly, William Maloney, Torenco Maloney, William Mulcahey, Timothy O'Leary, James O'Hara, John Regan, and Richard Riordan, as some of those he had more particularly noticed as being misplaced, although there were many others he might mention, if he did wish to strain a point. He might also refer to Anglesea and Kilmore, as he had ex- amined tho special roll at these places, think- ing it wonld be the best plan for him to adopt. Ho was almost Inclined to balleve that thoro was some evil genius at work la tho matter, so peculiarly wore all the nama) placed, and being all of the same nation ; and be thought that, bad there been no un due influence u.ed, that would not have hap- pened. He was very anxious to deal with the facts as briefly as possible, although he coald show the House how defectivo tbe system, was ; and, from the researches he had made,! he trusted tho House would postpone pass-i ing the Bill until a guarantee was given to tho country that the electoral rolls wero in a moro effective state. Mr. O'SHANASSY said that ho had been unable to understand by any^argumonte that bad been adduced by the hon. member why tbe Bill should bo postponed. The hon. mem- ber had not beon ablo to point out any impro-, per conduct on the part of Mr. Hannlfy, who was an officer appointed by a previous Go- vernment, and yet ho had found him guilty: without giving him any opportunity of de- fending himself. He was the moro sur pria ad at that, as tbo hon member was a momber of the learned profession. Mr. Hannlfy had been appointed some years ago as a oolloo toe of customs, and had rendered good servloo to the country by collecting the Chinese-tax on the Murray. MT. ADAMSON remarkod that he had merely mentioned Mr. Hannlfy's nama, as he bad seen it on both of the rolls. Mr. O'SHANASSY said ha thought it would have been much botter had tho hon. member, allowed Mr. Hannlfy an opportunity of de- fending himself. So far OB the obieotion of the hon. momber was concerned, judging from the rolls, it was morely visionary; and ha would take the case of the Murray boroughs, which contained, before tho year 1856,821 voters! since then, howovcr, the franobisa bad boen extended, and properly had boan sold, and there were now 419 names on tha Toil ; so that what with the extended fran- chise, and the amount of property that had been sold, the number bad not increased vary much, and certainly did not warrant the acsertion that there had been any unfair proceedings : and there was, ho considered, no roasonablo causo why, merely because the bon. member had heard of some improper, Eractices, tho Bill should be postponed. The, on. member had referred to KUmoro, and hal ci rtalnly failed to make out a casa there. Ia 1860 there had been 615 electors, and at present there wore 1,117, and ho could not understand why the hon. member should ba at all alarmed at such a small increase ia two years, The hon. m _nber had been very facetious in his remarks, merely because ha had Been tho.aamo name over and over again, but he (Mr. O'shanassy) did not see how the bon. gentleman was to moko muoh out of that ; in fact, he believed that ho might bara found his own name on several rolls ho hall never seen, and people who had property ia different parts of the country might; Uara their names pieced on rolls by thoir neigh- bors without their knowledge. He bellevad that no person could with justice assort that the Government ? ? wera not anxious ta próvido a proper system of registra- tion. The question had already baan referred to a Committee, of which the bon. member for the Murray was a member, and at which he had attended only three times-(laughter)-and then not for the pur- pose of suggesting any plan of his own-there- fore the hon. member should not have shown his anxiety for purity of election at the pre- sent period of the session-and bo considered it was rather too bad that the House should be told at that time that the han. member was in favor of purity of election, and that no further steps Bhould bo taken In passing the Bill until the electoral rolls had bean thoroughly revised. He bolioved if tha House hod a copy of tho papers, showing tho increase of the population from 1850 to the present time, they would not soo anything that would not occur under any other system -,and if thoy wore not to have a dissolution ujitll the rolls wero perfected, the Housa might continue in session for years, Hu had assisted tho late Chief Seoretary In planning a Bchemo to prevont the repetition of any .J erroro lu tho eleotoral rolls, although he was not personally responsible lor any errors that -baa.occurred.- Without any further remark> te would'State that he trusted the House would see tho necessity of at once proceeding to pass the Bill before it. Mr. S1TWELL said he had been very muoh BU rprlBod, after the calm and temperato speeoh that had been made hy bis hon. friend the member for the Munay, to hear him charged by the hon. the Chief Seoretaiy with having made an attack upon him. (Giles of "No, no.") He certainly understood such to be the caso (" No, no.") and would leave it to the House to decide whether he was justified in xnakingsuoharemarkomot. Hecouldnot un- derstand why the House should be so désirons to press on a general election before the rolls had beou revised, unless it was to forward the views of ono denomination ' It was by no means his desire to show any hostility to one Íiurticular class : but it was his opinion that, f (he House was dissolved for the purpose of taking tho sonse of the people, the bulk of the community would nut, as the rolls were nt present constituted, be properly repre- sented. , Tho hon. the Chief Secretary had referred to variousiiolls, and had asked tha House whether it was at all likely that they ivero packed when there was such a small increase ; but he (Mr. Sltwell) had always noticed that tha bon. member could suit his arguments to the varioun occasions on whioh they were wanted. ("Hear, hear," from Mr. O'ShanBBBy ) The bon. member migbt say, "Hear, hear;" but, if he reported to the argument that there was such an enormous increase in the x umber of electors he ought to be aware that there was an enormous lot of packing. How was it, ho would ask, that the bon. member did not prove that the instances selected by tbe bon. member for the Murray were not a < fair sample of the whole, for supposing two or ' three districts wore taken, and they were only f mall districts, if the system of packing had been pursued in them thero WOB good ground 1 for presuming that it would bo adopted Throughout the country? He by no means wished to charge any one class of persons with packing, but he thought that the fact of cue class having registered batter than cnbther class, showed that a new system was wanted, and it would bo a great farce if Par- liament were to be elected meroiy to repie scnt one class. He thought the present elec- toral rolls were defective, and if not altered v ould have the effect of forming a Parliament i that would represent ono particular class only. Mr. CHAPMAN said the bon. member had inquired why it was the Government were so anxious to press on the Bill before tho eleo- toral rolls could be again revised and altered, but be would remind that bon. gentleman that both in doors and out of doors the Go- vernment had frequently been told that they were too tardy, and he considered tho views expressed by the people out of doors wera such as to induce the Government to push on the Bill as rapidly as they possibly could, and thus redeem some of the credit thoy had loät I y delaying doing so for so long. There- fore, prtmá ''facie, it was the duty of the Government to oboy the do ' elie that had been expreesod. AB to what bud been said about stuffing' the rolls, he would state that, looking to tbo inoreased population, and what was Vulgarly called manhood suffrage, ho was much surprised that thoy were not very much larger than 1 they really were, and imaginod that the 'faot aro6e merely from the negleot of persons ta register, or to seo that their neighbors did so. The bon. member had observed that only one particular doss had registered. Were that so, he (Mr, Chapman) would say that that par- ticular doss nod his respect for so taking caro of themsolves, and the mero fact of others not hnvlng done their duty was not by any means a proof that tho pasBlng of tho Bill should be postponed. Tho bon. member for the Murray had observed that he took great shame to himself for having passed the previous Bill, but ho would remind the hon. membor that" there had been plenty ol time for bim to havo revised the roll, and if he had done so, more practical effect would bavo been given to the motion he had jus! made. The hon. member had merely taken 1 the chance of its working satisfactorily to himself, and not finding it so, he wished te delay li-to use the bon. members own worde -by all honest means in his power. Mr, ADAMSON remarked that bis opposi- tion aroso merely from good and distinctive reasons upon which it was founded. Mr CHAPMAN said that the hon. membei had frequently, both during the previous and present session, remarked that ho would do alii in his power to postpone the passing ol the Bill bernie the House, end even although the hon. membor was unconscious of ii himself, it was quite palpable to the Htfuso that the bon. number was deBlrouf of postponing Reform. It bad been observed by the hon. member for Castlemaine, th»l tbero was great distrust of the eleotoral rollt evinced by the publio, but ho (Mr. Chapman] had not either through the Press or any othei source of information, heard of such a thing Ho hud certainly heard of rolls being impro perly dealt with in one or two places, but s til not sufficient causo bad been shown to justify the remarle that the rolls were unpopular and although some complaints bad bjot rnado by disappointed candidates after at election, yet they had generally arisen from the neglect of tho magistrates to revise thi list«, or from the fact of tbelr being sent ti the wrong magistrate, and consequently b3 coming moro nullities ; sometimes also thoj wore signed by magistrates who had ne authority to sign them, and in ono case, th¡ magistrates, without having received any in Btruotlous, swept a number of names off th! list (hear, hear)-certainly votes that oughl to have been there ; in point of fact, the stuf- fing of tbo rolls was met by a counter stuffing and if tbero was any local distrust on the part of the electors of tbo Murray district, oi any other district, tbero was certainly som' on tho part of the magistrates to balance it Ha had merely heard of a few cases, and, witt the exception of those, hu behoved thore wa; no distrust in roference to the present oleo toral rolls. If a short clause could bl introduced to remedy tho inconvenience complalnod of by tbe hon. member, no doub it would bo done; but at present he con sidered tho hon. member had not showi tiny reason for the adoption of suoh i coins». Tbo Committee then adjourned for re freshmente, and resumed shortly after ' o'clook. PORT CURTIS. Mr. O'SHANASSY said, that as no donb eveiy hon. member felt great interest in til intelligence from Port Curtis, ho might b permitted to detain the Committee while he read the following telegraphic despatob, whioh he bad just received from the speoUl agent sent by the Government to Sydney. Ii was dated, Sydney 25th Ootobor, via Albury 26th October, and waa as follows : - " No distress roported at the Port Oartli diggings. It is unnecessary for me to go on If the Vtctoria does not arrive in a day or two I shall return. I have seen tbo Colonia Secretary and I net under his advico. , " GEO. SEATH. 'J To the Hon. the Chief Secretary." ELECTORAL DISTRICTS ALTERATION BILL. The debate on Mr.ADAMSON'S motion was then resumed in the Oommittoe on thl Bill. MT. GREEVES said that thero Boomed te bo'a misapprehension as to the moan ing of the clause proposed by thi hoc. mombor on his left. Ho WA at1 a loee to understand how this motlot could bo looked upon as an objection ti the} Reform Bill, or in tho light ot an op DO sitlon. He believed that the measure tandoi to represent folly and fairly the peoplo of thl colony. But if such a caso could bo made oui as that mentioned by the hon. the Attorney General, thon ho sawsufficlont reason for tai proposed delay. He did not wish this dolay fo: the purpose of preventing this Bill coming in ti operation but to secure the thorough roprj sentation of the peoplo. Thero was a var; general belief throughout tbo colony that th. olëctoral roll did not represent the people o the colony-that names were there whlcl ongbt not to bo there, and names not thor, whioh onght to be thore. (Laughter.) H understood that althongh names could bi added to tho roll, no names were struct out, and that any objections made could onlj bo considered the ensuing quarter day. Th only object of this motion was to prevent th. Reform Bill coming into operation until th eleotoral rolls wore revised. Ho could see ni disadvantage in this arrangement, as it wa generally understood that It wonld be mor convenient for the House to meet in May or th beginning of June; hon. mombors could thai moreoonvonlently devotetholr time to thopub Ho business. This was the general impression and in this vlow of the case, if the eleotioa took place immediately after the new regU tration in Marob, no practical incon venlence whatever could result. Ho woult ask bon. members whether it was fair to th country, whllo tho rolU wore in this state that an olectlou based upon them shoale toko placo, and this ho know to be the fool Ing In many parts of the country ? No expia nation had been given by hon, member wbo opposed this motion why B»K,"_. residing in - one district should bÄf ïttcod, suffrage alone be able to voi_T^. several districts.' It was quite true that oar" rons Having property in different diïtiîoto could vote in this manner, but he could not understand how It was that the name*155 ptteons of tho former does Bhould be down fr more than one district. It was admitted «batt, if thlB clause was not carried th_. muBt be some other plan adopted, and in the övtnt of its not being earned, he would _n b rk upon the plan proposod by the hon. tha Chief Secretary, or perhaps a Bbort menante nntiht bo introduced for the purpose cf wmn. dying this evil. He would.repeot that£ did act wish to deloy the Bill as far as its passa«« through Parliament was concerned, but & rid wish the Bill to exeroiae its p.0r_ iiiilucnce,and until this could be doneiff ought not to come Into operation. ' Mr, O'BRIEN was surprised at the tone the dtbatehad assumed. From the speech nf tbo hon. member for Castlemaine, it would »j pear that he charged the Catholics with buving piocured the insertion of their name« improperly upon the rolls, for the purposeof securing an undue share of tho lepresenti «on. (The bon. member, in a spoeoh of Boat length, denied these allegations ) Mr, LALOR said that he did not wish to tiespa.B upon the time of the Committee but before entering the House he had been la formed that the motion of the hon. member for tho Murray was to effect an alteration in the schedule, but he was sorry to find that this great question of Reform had narrowed down to a question merely of delay. He was convinced that some bon. members who wet* opposed to this Bill bad taken this coursa ia order to prevent the necessity of their openly opposing the measure, but he was opposed to it, and was not afraid to avow It. He had Buppoaed thot the discussion was upon sa niniLded schedule, but ho found that hon members who were opposed to this represen lotion upon population wero only endea- voring to postpone its operation until after the 7tt of April. (Hear. Ttiear.) "M Mr. ADAMSON.-This clause would only toko effect if the B ill passed. " ' Mr. LALOR continued.-He conceived no- thing more degrading to tho colony and it« Politicians than the course taken by soma bon.members in that House, who Btrova so hurd to Imitate the forms ol proceedings lu the Biitish House ol Parliament, but forgot the substance. They supported the Reform Bill here because there was one of the sams name introduced into the English Parlia- ment, and they believed that they were follow- ing the example of the enlightened statesman vho introduced it, forgetting that tha on« was absolutely necessary, and the otbet not, and that tor the very sams rea- sons tbat the Reform Bill was supported in tho British Legislature the measure pro po_ed hero should bo íej.ottd. Tho hoo. number referred at somo length to the posi- tion" of the representative system in Great Biitain at the period of the passing of the lit iorm Bill, and also to the political relation« of bcotland and Ireland with England. Ha contended there was another and still greater interest than both these which had arisen iuBt prior to the pasBiog of the Reform Bill, He alluded to themanutacturing interest and the consequent inorease of the population in towns. These wore the reasons which in- duced the British Parliament to pass tha ittloim Bill. ,Tho measure was a repre- sentation of classes und interests, as opposai to ono class only-the aristocracy. Who would oBBigu in this country any euch reason for the passing of a Reform Bill, or who would suy that an aristocracy existed at allt No such interest existed, and yet bon. mern beiB wero going to voto lor this change in our system, und that, too, in tho meanest manner possible. They were going to throw the whola representation of thecouutry into the hands of Imputation, to enable them to rule and to tar those who possessed property. Another argu- ment was, that there was a necessity for tblj Bill, in order to allow tho Government ta carry out those measures whioh they thought tobo for tho benefit of the country, espeolidly the Land Bill; but ho would ask hon. members on the other side of the House why, when curtain amendments wero introduced Into a former Land Bill, they absented themselves from the Bouse. It was in order to obtain power. Hon. members who then sat on that sida of tha Houso wished to obtain power, while thou who had it were equally anxious to retain It It was a reform ot that House-a reformo! the conduct of hon. members themselves that was required. It would be remembwei that the hon. member for South Mel board» (Mr. Service) had introduced a clause when the Lund Bill of the previous Government was under dlscnsHion, proposing to glvefroo selection,and if the bon. members who non formed the Government woie in favor of free selection, why did they remain in the looby when this clause was under discussion, and not come in to the Houso to vote ? If ha (Mr, Lalor) had done this, he. would not have con sldered himself an honest man ; at the sam. time he would not Bay that the hon. mem- bers to whom he alluded wero not honest men (Laughter), If the Govorument bad potrei to paEB this destructivo Reform Bill they had power to pass any otbei measure. He was convinced that many hon. members wero voting for this Bill with the knowledge that it was a mere Bham : tbey did BO merely becuuso they hoped to gain popa lenity by so doing. Thora was no neceealtj for it.; it was a sham and an appeal to tht ptople in order to gain popularity. The Bill bed been originally introduced in conM quencoof the bon. member for Richmond who then sat upon that side of the Homet, aeking the then Hon. Chief Secretary li he intended to introduce a measure ol lioform into Parliament. He repliée that he did. He no doubt meant exoeed Ingly well, and was very willing to oblige thi hen. member for Richmond. The Bill wa introduced, but without sufficient time ha. Ing been takon to frumo a measure of sola fottant ii nature. It was taking it for grant« tbnt that hon. member knew better waa was required than the Government did, am also showed a wish to please the people oat side In order to gain popularity, the Go vernmont was willing to introduce i measure of which tbey had not consider« the tendency. He (Mr. Lalor) found thal upon the iii st occasion the hon. mombo then at the head of the Government voted ii favor of the second reading of this Bill, bj vibon introduced a fow months afterward be voted against it. He appeared to be lis the prodigal returning from his evil wari but be (Mr. Lalor) was afraid that, nulli him, he was not acting from conviction, bo item his altered position. The late Otk Stciotary was the father of tbat Bill, and ft responsible for the ovlls that would, if past« n salt from it. Ho would ask the present Of vemment why they had adopted the meant loft thom by their predecessors, in prefersno to framing one of their own; perhaps the had reasons for doing so.but tho'country cou! bave little hope that they would repent the! evil ways. (Laughtor) Why did tbey not« fotm themselves, and cease traducing th characters of mea in speeches on tho gola fields? He wished now to say a word conwn leg himself, and, in rcBpect to this questloi it bad been asked why he, who hod faced 80 armed mon, should OPPOBO this Bill ? Ha worn tnswer that it was the same spirit walo induced him upon that occasion to oppot tyranny that now induced him to oppoj this measure. He was opposed to either to man of property, or of no property, exeroWoi a tyrannical power in the country (Hew hear.) It was through this spirit that n opposed the Bill, although ho felt ho W extinguish his own political existence J thlBBct. ("No, no.") It might be one of re IsBt aots of his political career, but If it ir» so, ho would look back with pricb apoi the fact, that ho had sacrificed his o» popularity for the sako of bia conviotlona aw tor the benefit of posterity. (Cheers.) Mr, SERVICE aupported the motion, t ftom his own experience he was aware »u the electoral rolls wore generally inoornc He knew some cases in which the name «i person had been entered four times upon» roll. At the same time he was in favor ora Reform BIU with some modifications, »nial sot wish to Impede its progress. Mr. DUFFY said that, before the qnwU« was put to the voto, he wished toi statea> relation tho Govornmont bore to tbo claw whioh the hon. momber for tho Manari» somewhat irregularly introduced. Inanoi meniber asked the Government to postpoo until some day In April the operation of tu Bill.» If they consented, there was ow one ' reason which would bo assignee, i« their acceding to tho propositlon-tn they might be able to retain POJ o few months longer. This would m doubtedly have been said both in tho How that,night, and by tho PresB in tho mortini IiiBtcatf ot taking tho course prÇP^.Î thought it would bo more reasonable to m«> inquiries Into tho statements »ado.* would ask the bon. members who upon similar occasion had occupied tbo same pw tlon as tbey (the Government) now ait.,*» ther this waa a correct proposition.toma« It was said that these irregulantles W I electoral roll would ha\o Borne otto« itgarded tho elections for that »oT it there was a question of such impórtanos to be inquired into, by all means let tho Booie inquire into it, and not only into this, but into every other matter connected wilki the electoral roll. Ho wished to attribute no disrespect to the hon. member for the Murray I but he must say that he had introduced thld motion in a very irregular manner. It would have been bette: if be had placed his motloa upon the paper, asking the Government io make inquiries, and it would then be for the Government to como down on the following day with soruo infor- mation, but ioEtead of waiting till the follow- ing day, the hon. member wished to Uko the House by surprise, and smuggle this danae into the Bill. He had given no notice, bat upon his mere ipse dixit wished the House ta> legislate upon this subject. The Chief Secre- tary had said that, after inquiries were made, they would legislato, and the Hou6a might ba assnred that no dissolution wonld toko placa until the matter WOB fully inquired Into. He (the Chief Secretary) sahl we will mase inquiries, and will postpone the dissolution of the House until the rolls, if they are not ia a proper condition, are reorranged. He WAS forry to find that an hon. momber had intro- duced into the discussion religions dif- ferences, and had said that parsons of the icely to which ho belonged had plaoed thein Belvesupon the roll for the purpose of obtain- ing undue iufluence. He challenged the correctness of the statement, and throw ba:k the insinuation ¡with contempt and eora. A fact had como to his knowledge that day which mude him moro anxious for this m oniry. It was said that there was irre- gularity in the rolls upon the occa- _ FÍOU of the election for the Central Provkioe. That, howcv, r, would not touch the question ss to tho loila ot that House (the Assembly). Ho was perfectly ready to meet the most uu wortby statements which had boen put for- ward, und contended that their having been made was tho best reason why the inquiry stUid for should bo granted. Thora wis nully ground for such an inquiry, and he «lid trust the Uouso would never consent to puss such a clause as that of the bon. member for the Murray on the faith of a mere one- sided statement. Mr. BOARD refused to consider the question liuforo tim House as one either of creod or country, and deprecated such references, a j calculated to divert the attention of tho Bouse, and to bring about party foaling, which would not easily be put down nguiu. Ho con- sidered that what had fallen from the hon. "the Attorney-General furnished as strong nrgaraonts as could be wished in favor of the motion of the bon. member for tho Murray, and it would determine him (Mr. Board) ia voting for the clause. Tho incompletonoas of the roll was u fact which must bo remedied, not by a Committee, but m the piUiouo mannor which its importance demanded, Ia pasBing the Bill-for no doubt it would país, and by largo majorities in both Hoasji ("Oh/'J-thoy would plaoe the elootora iu it proper position to vote for the e.xpononts of their principles. If not, thero would ban j each thing as a fair representation. The ap- proach of a yellerai election was an addi- tional reason for a proper leviaion of tua" sol!. Mr. COLIN CAMPBELL said the House would, in his opinion, be noting most wisely ly approacbin« tho subject in a practical point of vicsv. According to what had fallen from both sides of che House they had a great ovil to contend with ; thoy had a vast iinrobor of names on the lolls whioh ought aot to have been thore ut all, anel, therefore, immediate steps should be taken to cure the evil. (Hear, hear) Tho proposed olause, however, simply limited tho oporation of tho .remedy to tho Befoiin Bill itself, a Bill which might never pass the House, mid thon t hey -would be having cleotlous and dissolutions without any protection ogAinst tho evil, fllear, hoar) The evil was a practical oa*, and should be dealt with by n Select Com- mittee, whioh should bo appointed to t»ko etfectual steps as soon as possible. (Hear, boat) Mr. BL UR said he, like the hon. membBC who had j jet eat down, would like to see the evil dealt with in a practical manner and noli to seo the House sitting there and wasfcin« time ("Ob, ob,"), while tho public busine« was Bullering from tbo delay. Ha denied most positively that thore existed our such general feeling of distiust of the rolls at sumo lion, members hod endeavored to m»ke out. He (Mr. Blair), perhaps, had butter means of judging on tue point than many other bon. members had. (" Oh, ob. ) Ho repeated It, he had better means of judging; for what was with other hon. members probably a mero casual task, ?was with him a continuous dally jnty-namely, the perusal of the variotu newspapers. ("Oh, ob," und laughter.) 8uch a continuous daily taBk ought, if any- thing would, to give a man a clear view of tbo state of public leellng. ("No.") No? If not, he would like to ask hou. gentleman opposite, if thoy did not derive their mora accurate information from the public- Press, whore did they get it from? Was it not lilfHug with common sense (ironical chcera), to say anything else ? If the distrust hon. members spoke of did exist, whera, he would ask, did they learn tin fact but from the public journals? (Hear, bwr.) Wheï4y0r fcuây go* ii fMiií, if Wup, ne made bold to say, from a fais!dal statement. ("Ob, ob," and ironical laughter.) No doubt I Ha (Mr. Blair) happened to kaotv come of the secrets ot his art. (Loud laughter and Ironical cheers.) This inference, that distrust existed, was absolutely fouuda tionleBs; it was a most monstrous inforonoo -a pervoislon of all logic and truth, and meant nothing less than to confound a parti- cular instance with a general caso. The bon. member for Castlemaine had so fallen into the error as to maka what he had said absolutely ludicrous. (" Ob, dh," and more laughter ) If they veie in oarne.t in seeking to postpone the Bill thoy had before entertained, they were proceeding on a ba6is absolutely I also, and to au end no1 only dangerous, but positively ruinous. All the make- weight of words and argu- ments they had board was an immense mass of nonsonse. (" Oh, ob," and ironical cheers.) Yes, It was nothing moro noi lese He was disgusted with this perpetua getting up of sham dobates on persona! questions-it was only lowering política morality-these constant and nndigniliee personalities, wrangling?, and quarrels (Great laughter, mingled with cries ol " Hear bear.") Ho (Mr. Blair) protested »galas tho levity with which the Reform Bill wa treated. If anything reasonable or logioa had been adduced, why not ßav moved an amendment ? But thl trifling with language was only don to choke off the Bill. (" Hear, hoar", au "No, no.") Hedenicd, polntblank, theBXÍBI ence of tho alleged distrust, and nnaeite boldly that, on the contrary, the conntr believed tho rolls to be very fairly made u¡ Tho hon. member for the Murray had, birr telf, indicated a very fair excuso for any it completeness or irregularity in tho fact c tho conterminous natuie ot districts, and e BOtno limits running into others. But was h justified in inferring from that that th rolls were wilfully packed by tho Registrar That was a most monstrous infero ne drawn from grounds moat narrow nnd ui tonablo. What right had they to sit tha: and accept such inferences? He would use second denial. Ho denied that there was au evidence. He made a third denial: thei was no packing in the caBC If thore w; one Idea, one conviction, whioh, mo»o tha another ho repudiated, it was that any ela or section of the people, howevor small It mtgl be, whether in a political or religiouB vie could be BO mea», so despicably dishone; as to be addicted to such a thing as roi stufliug. It was to suppose that thoy w) would do so.would bo employing only meai l-o an ond, and that theiy would not stop bribery, lorgery, parjury, or any oth variety of corruption. Do you belfava (t bon. membor continued) that any class this community would be guilty of such ino nnd despicable acts ? You do not believe Why, then, do you sit hero trifling with t time of the country and with ti importantmeasuro ? It really eeoms to arg »lack of justice, reason, and common sea Yon know (ooatinued tho hon. member) y< are an imperfect representation of tbo count at tbe preeont moment. You know you an Mr. SERVICE rose to ordor. It seemed him that tho hon. member waa offering an suit to the Chair, ("Oh oh,") Hek&ptfi; ing thoOhairraan that ho did not represe his constituents. (" Oh, ob.") Mr, BLAIR.-I have merely been employ] a very usual figure of speech, very comruoi need in addressing this Houso, of whicl profess myself a very humble mombor. A issy you do not fully represent the count ïon talk of representing interests, bnt w¡ ont a largo extension of the franchise wb tS?. Pt0P«r representation of the inten "J."»Is country? What did you mean ÎÎli1 «fthi by voting for tho «econd read A«" by a majority of 30 to 3- if not t Jon m and acknowledged that otheT^'SS. Kopi» would remain unrepresented? W, MM"!,"11 the Wk abtrat Ho daw f sant volume of clap-trap about members o t this side of the House going popularity-hunt ing about the country, as if, forsooth it were a disgrace to any member to b: desirous of the favor and good opinion of tho pet pie? Would you say do yon mean yourselves to be so understood, tha: It is positively his duty to put himself iat . an attitude of boatllity.with his constituents - Really. Sir, I should be glad if this disgusting « ant should be for ever put down, an i > nnlshed from amongst us. It is no disgrat e to the member of this House to do his duty to bis constituents, to advocate their wishes and ceoure, as far as he can, their interest* eo far from that, until we do so we shall never- Ise to the dignity of the position wo occupy. (Hear, hear.) I will noi utter a Bingle word about the per- sonalities with which this question has been surrounded. I will say however that those personalities are confined within the wolls of this House. There is no sym- pathy outside with the porsonal quarreli wbich have been so frequent here. There M no echo to them but disgust, and the same may be said of those odious recriminations B1 out country and religion. The people ouc of doors have no partiality for them. Thoy foil» no part of the tastes of such a robustly intelligent population as this. When you indulge in such unworthy exhibitions of reli gious and political feeling you sink thio HOUSO below the lovol of the country, and lower in by your personal quarrels and r. li".out animosities. Therefore, I Bay to jim, that you ought to go on with your business, bj cause it is not yours, but the country's ; au 1, if you do not, you will most assure Hy repent it. Mr. WOOD rose to order.-The hon. mom- ber, in addressing the House, kept makini; ure of the word "yon," which, though pro- bably a vory effective style when uttered from the pulpit, was, ho believed, contrary to tin inles of that House. The CHAIRMAN was understood to say tbat tbo bon. member (Mr, Blair) was not ou t of order. » Mr. BLAIR continued.-He begged leave t« inform the bon. gentleman who had object) I to bis language tbat there was no set of speeches to be found within the library o' ti at House which did exemplify the use o tbe style he was employing. Were he arl dussing an assembly Bitting thero to do buti- nées, indeed, he would say to thuin stiiously, "Do it." While they wero thiM wasting the public time, instead of makin,; jnetand equitable laws, they wero preparing to plunge themselves into a gulf from whic't It would be difficult for them, if not absolutely impossible, to extricate themselves. Captain ANDERSON said he had been somewhat surprised by the áspenlo.* wbich the hon. member, Mr. Blair, had not se lu pled to cast upon the integrity of tb) Press. He had bftberto been disposée! t> place faith in what ho learned from tin journals of the stato of feeling and condition of tbe country, but after tbo revelations t > whioh the hon. member had treated them, after such a revelation of his green-room expe- rience!1, he elioaldbeinsoraodifiiculty,nuü n.n disposed to rejoice at the prospect of a spoe 1/ return to England, and the probability thic there bo might recover something of the con- fidence ho had lost. He (Captain Anderson) thought what had fallen from the oppo- site side of the Houso very iucou clutive In point of argument, ond thiü it told rather in favor of the motion tin» against it. The Government ndmitteil tin fact that a great number of names had beau surreptitiously placed on the rolls, but thought that defect was counterbalanced by the equally dear fact that many others had been disfran- chised. Surely the argument told strongly in favor of the revision of the rolls. Mr. SNODGRASS supported tho sug- gestion of the Government. He himself thought that the best mode of meeting tha oifficulties of the case was, not by postponing tbe operation of the Bill, but by bringing iu a abort Bill for a complete revision of the rolU in a practical and satisfactory manner. Mr. ANDERSON opposed the motion a» unnecessary, but considered that a Select Committee onght to be appointed to investi- gate fully the state of the rolls, and repair, open them. Ho alluded to the roll in th<> district whioh he represented, and stated than the names of not more than half the electo» were to be found upon it. Mr. HEALES contended tbat the argu- ments of hen. members on tho other side went to show that that motion ought to pvs. inosmnch as tbey admitted that such oviU existed as conld only bo amendeil in the time the mover of thin motion wished to secure. The " practicali- ties" of the case were these : that if such a motion were not passed, tho Reform BMl would como into operation boforo tbero w »* an y oppor tunltyof remedying the evils of which Ff mo hon. members opposite complained. Ou ino 80th March the Revision Courts would hu opened, and the Magistrates would be able to purge tbe rolls and make them puie> Therefore, the delay which was now aokci for ought to bo granted. The amount of timeitwaB deBlred to secure was not much, for without the paselng of thot motion the Bill could not, in all probability pass both Howw and receive the Royal assent before tbenenqd unmeet. ' i Mr, WOOD had determined to volo for tbat motion, and considered that tho Ministry were endeavoring to hide the real point ut teue. They were trying to make it appear a Soeation of delay in the passing of the Reform iill, when it was no such thing. It was not whether that Bill should pass a month ot two months sooner or later, but whether u should come into operation upon pure rolls oi stuffed rolls. (Hear, hear.) The real reasons wbioh actuated the Government In opposing that motion had been stated by the hon member for Villiers and Heytesbury, and also by the hon. member for Kilmore. They had said that if they supported that motion thoy .would be accused of a desire to oppeso Hi form. ' Mr. DUFFY had said no suoh thing. What he had declared was, that they would bo ac- cused of a desire to retain power for BI.\ months longer. MT. O'SHANASSY denied that he had ra ierred,to the Bubjcct at all. Mr. WOOD was of opinion that the Ohio Secretary had done no. Mr. O'SHANASSY denied it. ThoAttornoy General might have done so. (Laughter.) I Mr. WOOD wished the Chief Seoretary joy of tho difference. It was the Attorney-Gene- ral. But he supposed the Chief Secretary did not. disavow the opinions of his Attorney General. (" Np,") Well then, ho could not tee,any great difference. The Government acknowledged they did not oppose tho motion on its mérite, but out of consideration for «bat people wonld say. There was too much cf (hat. Questions were too frequently coa Bidered,notontheirmerlts,butontheopinions That might be formed in referenco to thom out of doors. Had the main charge beau answered yet ? The hon. member for Vii- | liera and Heytesbury contented himself with retorting that if tho Catholics were improperly placed upon the roll, so wero others. Mr. DUFFY must again beg the lion, member to be moro accurate. What he (Mr Duffy) had said was, that, if tho charge wera biongbt, it formed a good ground for having the matter investigated by a Committee. Mr. WOOD.-Surely, then, If thore was any probability of the rolls being stuffed, that was [a good ground for having tho country eatisfiedpn the Bubject before the now syBtein of election was inaugurated. But how did the hon. member for Kilmore re- ply to the statement of the bon. mern ber for tbe Murray Boroughs regarding tha iinmeB erroneously placed upon tho roll ? By tlmply saying that the population of the dis- trict had increased, and therefore tho names on tho list wero augmonted. But how could tbe manifestations of double names bo no counted for in that way ? Surely that Indi- cated a now theory of generation,-a methoJ of increasing totally différent to the ordinary one, unless, indeed, a number of sons witn names similar to their fathers had suddenly becomo adults. The hon. and learned mern ber for St. Kilda met tho difficulty in a more summary manner.andinsinuatedthatlf anuru ber of names hud been improperly put upon the jlst, a number had been improperly etruc1' off. Tuft' was »novel method of tuning oat I a perfect roll. Tho hon. member must have I been Btudying the Irishman who lengthénc 1 his blanket by cutting a piece off tho top'nnd ¡joining it on to tho bottom. (LaugUtor) The hon. member for Talbot, on the other band, opposed that motion merely because it proposed a clause which in his opinion ought. to como in the Bill at som o other time. Tim ben. member need scarcely have taken halt an hour to tell them that. (A laugh.) Mr. BLAIR must prevent the bon. membor from misrepresenting him. Ho said nothing about the position of the clause in tho lilli. He had shown that the clause ought to have been introdnced hereafter. ItstlU might have been made the first clauBe of the Bill, f Mr- WOOD sow no force in such an objec- tion. Had it been made at once and com- pactly it was posslblo that the House miaht haye acceded to it, . d considered 'thi} Î -así ' T"^7J motion on Thursday InBtead of ou Tuas- ~ day. The quostion at issue was thi?, woe they to have a Parliament existias for three years, and representing the people, or representing certain stuffed rolls. It waa evident that such a thing as roll- s' ufEng might exist, notwithstanding that the bon. member for Talbot thought It utterly impossible, and was ignorant It ever hud oc- curred. Surely the hon. member who read the papers so much, knew that it had happene 1 in America. Perhaps the hon. member con- sidered the papers in America were no more ttustwortby than they were in this colony. (Laugbtor.) But then an argument was ad- duced in favor of pressing on the Reform Bill ficm the foot that the newspapers were all favorable to it. If the Press were not to be trusted-in one case, it must surely be diare- - gaided in all. The question before the House was. as he had shown, a simple one Stuffed rolls or no stuffed rolls. He should vote for " no Btuffed rolls ;" and if the Ministry gained a majority in favor of "stuffed íollfl," he wished them joy of it. Mr. PERU? thought that he should hava the support of both sides of the Houso in the following amendment : \- "That a Select Committeo of that House b3 appointed to inquire into the alleged defects In tho electoral roils of tho Murray Boroughs and those alluded to by the Attorney General, and, if the report disolosed any glating de- fects in the rolls of either district, the revision officers be directed to purge these rolla forth- with." The CHAIRMAN informed tho hon. mem- ber that tho House being in Com ni It tua on the Reform Bill, auch a motion was out ot order. Mr. PERRY withdrew it, saying that he should voto against the motion, as the »[> pointment by the House of such a Committee as he had indicated would meot the neee-a sities of the case. Mi. ADAMSON suid, that the motion madj' by bim that night would not prevent hi. bringing forward the one fora Select Com- mitteo of which ho had given notice for tho following day. He thought, therefore, lie might claim the votes of the hon. member for Williamstown and others whose wishes he would thus meet. ita O'SHANASSY said that, for the Gin em- inent, ho adopted Mr. Duffy's promipe, that no dissolution of the House should tuite Çlaco until the Committee had repot ted. 'he Government wero therefore pledged to all tho other side required; and he could not help thinking that the only reason why bon. members foiled to accept this proposal wns_ that they feared to bring their cuso before the Committee. He had little doubt bimseh Unit itwonld be found tbat no infringement of the law had occurred, but thot them were certain imperfections almost inevitable in making up a roll out of about 160,000 appli- cants. Mr. ANDERSON said that lito Revision Codita would Bit from the 20th March up to the end of the month, and he conciivcd that the adoption of the clause ho proposed was the only safe way of meeting the evil of I which complaint bad been made. Dr. THOMSON could not support the motion, and did not believe it would bo of tho1 slightest use. From his own experience In the Revision Court, he was fully persuaded that whatever time was allowed tho people Who were off the roll, they would not apply to be registered. At the Goolong Revision Court from 8,000 to d,000 had to bo kept out, and although threo times an opportunity had been afforded, only some 200 or 800 had ßinca been added. Nothing would shake tbo npatby of the people on the subject. $r. D. S. CAMPBELL Buppotted the mo- tion, considering that when they gave tho people privileges they ought to give them tho opportunity of taking advantage of them. Some members of the Government had alluded to the opinion of the people if they (the Govornment)wcre to support that motion ; but he could tell them that if they opposed it, it would bo considered they did BO because thoy dcBlred to retain tbo reins of powor foi a year or eighteen months longor. Mr. IRELAND regretted that any attompt bad been made to drag a sectarian clement Into that debate. (" No, no.") He waa glad, at least, that it was considered BO disgraceful that no one would acknowledge it. It bad bt tri said, however, that the names of many Catholics had been Improperly placed upon tho roll. As a Church of England man be regretted that religion Bhould be introduced in lany way. The hon. member who hod alluded to it appeared, however, to be ashamed of what he had done. Mr. SITWELL was not ashamed of it. He thought there were certain names which ought to be struck off the roll. Mr. IRELAND could but regret if, and commiserated tho hon. member for the Ovens at finding him in such company, However, the division of the House that night would show the country unmistakably who were in favor of Reform and whoweio not That was one beuefit which would result fiom the motion, for, whatever mighl l e ' Bald, that was the issue, und be admired tho straightforwardness o the hon. member for North Grenville, in own It ¿ it BO far as ho was concerned, Jfor Win, fii3(M*r. îroiuneî), ho did no1 aSSeiè thai the roll was perfect, but it should be investigated and not Reform postponed. The Governmen were pledged not to dissolvo the Houso untl an inquiry was instituted, and tho necussar; subsequent legislation completed, and ther was therefore no excuse for postponing thi Reform Bill. He did not think, however, tim the bon. membor for the Munay Borough; in the motion of which he had given notice proposed avery feasible plan for amending th rolls. The bon. member in that motion sug gcBtêd, that " it was expedient that the Rj vision Courts to Bit during the last 10 days c November Bhould hove the power to levis the whole of the existing general and specie io)Is for tho year 1868 ; that to that end the should have enlarged powers for adjourc ment over the last day of November, and the the Justices should have the power, on tb view and personal knowledgo of any of then tot craeo from the rolls tho narnu of au person not qualified according to law 'J bus ho appeared to desire that tho io should be rectified according to tho peiaooi knowledgo of the Justices. That certain! could not be expected to go very far. I: most confees that tho fears of hon- membei that many persons were dlsenfranchtsod ai ? cn red to have come upon them very suddeul t seemed strange for the han. members for tt Murray Boroughs and North Grenvillo to 1 i afraid of thero not being sufficient names c Mr. LALOR had been afraid of no such ihlng. Ho was afraid of there being too many. (Lnughtor.) Mr. IRELAND thought the opinions of the supporters of that motion differed BO delight- fully that he would no longer protract a UEcIess debate. (Laughter.) Mr. LALOR begged to correct the hon. ».ember, who seemed to bo fond of sayiug anything that might bo offensive, to him (Mr Lnior). Ho bolieved that ho had recently done so in his (Mr. Lalor's) absence from the diBtuct of Ballaarat. ,Mr. IRELAND had never done anything f the kind at Ballaarat or elsewhere Mr. LALOR believed that tho memory of the h n. member was not very exact. I 'Mr. IRELAND did not say anything offen- sive of the hon. member in his absence. If he had been inolined to Bay anything offen- sive of him, ho wonld have said it with as little hesitation in his presence as in his absence. \- i Mr. LALOR had nevor asserted that he in« ttnded to vote for this motion, nor was it hlB intention to do so now. (Hear). | Mr. MICHIE said that be had that day come a long journey from Kilmore, und was fatigued * consequently ho had not tho Incli- nation to protraot the debate. He must say, ijowover that be felt it lather refreshing to hoar the hon. tho Solicitor-General (.tending up in that House on the question of religion, (A laugh.) He (Mr. Michie) felt Himself obliged to offor one or two remarks cn this topio and others which had boen i'Mnmcnted on by tho preceding speakers in the debate. Ho should have boen quite will- ing to accede to the suggestion made to remedy the evil which was so generally ad- mitted by hon. membeis on the opposite side O' the Honso, and which Buggestion the [ on. member for Villiers and Heytesbury KM willing to pledgo himself and his colleagues to adopt-viz., the appointment of a Com- mittee; provided that, if, on the inquiry which totk place before that Committee, it should be àteertalned that the electoral rolls wero ir a defective state, the Government would con kent that tho general election should be post poned. The non. gentloman must take the members of that House tobo great simpleton It they wero to snap np the absurd bulto merely an inqnlry by a Committee. Befor the hon. member threw it out he should har condescended to say how any conclasioi could be arrived at on this subject on evl dence which, from many parts of th House was openly defied. He (Mi ÜJcbie cared not what might bo tu «port of any Committee, It wonld not clear I fiom his mindi the Bfertmg conviction ho" poa ! ulled »ato tbestato of some of the electoral nella in tbe colony. He appealed to the hoi - 'ibe Attorney-General OB to the correctness ol tbe Etalement, that in the district in which ii at bon. and learned gentleman resiik-i!, icme of tho magistrates-although, no dotib-, -siting in excess of their authority-ping <i ti e rolla from some fictitious namef, 03 tri y II.W that the way in which thoy were pio H sied was detrimental to the true interests of ile country, and, in fact, that thoinsortion < I each namcB was the basest betrayal of the interests of the colony that could ever be fat tempted to be perpetrated. (Hear.) The ho>. tbe Attorney-General knew well that tt.o ii 8 gie trat es who did this, although they did it in excesB of the law, would bave the respect, <f the whole colony for their proceeding-? in ) t moving these names, when they know i bat they were only names-" men in buckram." Ho btlievcd that the insertion of fictitious nant.s was common, not merely on that roll, but on other rolls in the colony. He OBked it it was not an insult to the House to propose a Com- mutée, when they knew that that Committee bid no means of arriving at the truth of the node in which this evil was brought abou'. in fact, the issne was shifted, in this eos?. lfce true issue was. not whether there should or should not be reform, but whether this al use Bhould be at once remedied. The hon. it ember for Talbot said that he was a genuine hater of cant ; but it seemed some tiilng like cant to assort) that this motion v ta to be dealt with as a cry of Reform, or no Bt form. To place it on snob, a ground would te not merely shifting the issue, but it wou.d le stating an issue which was not raised at al). It would be a mere evasion of the real leets to ptit some sort of colorable issue in Oifcu of the true one. The only ques- tion was, whether the colony was truly or falsely represented - whether thty bad representation, or merely a simulation of representation; whether they1 .should have names on the rolls for the purpoBes of whole tale personation, or whether their Constitu- tion was to be protected by the rolls being verified before the general election?. AsthiB was the trae issue, oven if the Bul wero de- ls} ed for 12 months-nay, even if it were delayed for years-be would put it to the House whether delay would be a greater till than these incorrect rolls. It seemed, however, to bim that there was no necessity fcr any delay at all, and he apprehended that it ben the time asked for was merely to the month of April-BO far as he could compute tbe present state of the business befora the Henee-tho delay need be only one of days, if, iiideed, there would be any delay at all. ("Hear," from the Opposition.) It WBBcer- tain that if the business of the country wus lo go on, and even if they were only to d6 1 with the matters referred to in the Governor's tptning Bpeeob.it was scarcely possible] that there could be a general election before the isily patt of April, If this were so, he was at a lots to see how any delay could arise. (Bear, hear.) Ho was still lees able to per- ceive why it was stated that this Inquiry was Bfked for on sectarian views. He did non vish to be sponsor for any indisoreet expres- sions which the hon. member who brought (award this motion might have indulged lu- ll the hon. member had stated that very con tiderablo sectarian feeling was sometimes n. anifested at elections, he fully endorsed the étalement; and if any one wore to tell him tbat there had not been sectarian fcoling at v.oik on the occasion of hlB second election lor Melbourne, he Bhould at once deny the tEEirtion. There were very few who were* really attentive to the circumstances of that t lection who would not say that there was sec Imian feeling manifested. He did not approve tt dragging in head fcromoBt a subject ot this nature ; but he must Bay that he observed that some bon. members were always trying totget np a cry of "Oh, you are persecuting UP. It was impossible to get up a suggestion i fleeting a certain number of gentlemen in that House, but it was said that they were leing persecuted. (A laugh,) He was at a less to see the evidence on which such a cry could be founded. He could offer some evi- dence of what had occurred at his own elec- tion, but it was altogether beside the subject. Indeed, be was sorry that so much time hod teen wasted on the topic, as he did not believe that hon. members on the other side of the House bad any sincere belief or con- viction that this motion was got np on secta- rian prejudices. (Hear, hear.) It was a motion which appeared to him to bo vindicated and upheld on the ground of pure reason and force of argument, and the admissions which the bon theAttorney-General had made would be tufficlent to cause the House to pause bofoio thing full effect to this measure of reform in the present condition of the electoral roll. Be apprehended that this admission was not made againBt ovidence; and it waa not merely the admission of the vicious character ot these roll?, but that largo bodies of men, in consequence of some ot these rolls having been sent to the wrong magistrates, actually stood disfranchised at that moment. (Hear.) Ytt the hon. the Obief Secretary, the cham- pion of Reform, wished to go to a general election with great numbers of his fellow citlcens actually disfranchised. It was, in- deed, a candid admission, and, in fact, ex- cess of candor could no further go." " Let us 4«i« rbS ?#$? \° ft Committee," &ald; the bon. member; but that Committee could not fet evidence which would fix any one with the ace act of putting these fictitious names cn the rolls, and .virtually tbe reBult of the it quiry would be defeated. For these rea- sons, and with these views, he wonld vote for tho motion of the bon. member for the Murray boroughs. (Hear J Dr. EVANS said that he had never ad- dressed the House in a more earnest or em- phatic manner than at present, when, on be- half of the constituency he represented, he protested againBt this further attempt which was being made- not, OB ho WOB firmly con- vinced, to secure tho purity of the represen- tation-but to interpose further and more formidable obstacles to the progress of thin i Reform Bill, on which the minde of the people of tbis country were now moro intent than lb« y over were on any former occasion, (Beur.) Ho would be doiug,injustice to his own most earnest und solemn conviction, and would be failing in his duty to his con itilnente, and not to his constituents only tut to the great body of the people, it he die net stand up, even at that late hour of the debate, and protest in the moBt sincere ned solemn manner againbt this false bjpocrltlcal, and dilatory plea which wai tut in to tbo progress oi this great ac of Reform, and endeavor toiccallthomind of hon. members to the real question nov leforo them. That question vas not whethe: tbe electoral rolls Bhould be revised, but whe ther there should be brought forward elurini this session a series of " shams" and dilator measures, thosoleobjectofwhlchwns to secur delay, in the vain hope that the interest not ielt in tho popular mind on this Reform Bil wonld be frittered away (Heat), and that hot members who carno at a great inconvonienc to themselves from a distant part of tb country might at last find themselves won eut by this useless controversy, without coos lug to any decision. Let anyone for a me ment calmly and rationally consider tho pri petition then before the House, and ho woul find that the questions brought in juxta poe tlon by the non. members opposite stoc in the same relation to euoh other ; Tenterden Steeple and the Goodwin Sam Ihey were all agreed as to the irupe feet condition of the electoral rollB but must be admitted that if they were so li perfect, it arose from the imperfect legialatk of {¡enttarnen on the other side of tho Hont (Bear, hear.) To a certain extont, theee it perfections were attributable to then lut they wera found only in the roi of a few districts of the colony. In the di tiict he bad the honor to represent thero we )2,C0O inhabitants, of whom 2,800 were reg tered voters. The registration of these nam was conducted under the vigilant eyes of t public and of gentlemen, of opposite politie opinions, so that it would have been scare« pCEElble to insert on tho roll any namoB whi were fictitious. He might say tbat throne out the country there waH an admission the part of the publio that the electoral r bad been made up with as much accuraoy vfas possible under,the circumstances, some districts there might have been ir gularltles, and it would be the duty tho House to correct any such whioh wif 1 e brought nnder its notice. He could mJsi I Le House that measures would be taken prevent A repetition of them. What, he ever, was the proposal made from the otl tide of the House? That whatever ultc tices might bo made in the eleotoral Byste the Reform Bill should not bo given to people until April next. Ho could undoista und make allowance for the agonies of dy men, or a dying faction. (A laugh.) Hon. g tie men opposite were feeling the approaol that period when some of them in a polit cense must give up the ghost. (A laugh.) was aware that there was generally exp treed some degree of satisfaction in roi tenting the people, and some pleasure in curing a seat in that House, and the gob I men who ran the risk of losing these »ra cations proposed to fix the 7th of April op day bf their doom (a laugb), Uko a crlm legging inexorable justioe to " give him al I day." (Alaugh.) This might be a satisfaction Ho these hon. genilemen alone, but the Go- vernment bad to consider What was right for Ibt people of ibis country. (Ironical cheers frcm the Opposition benches.) They had to think of the right of the people to enjoy the Heioim Bill at once. (Bonewed ironical r beers.) He could Bee nothing in the date of the 7th of April BO auBplcious as to furnish » reason why tho people of Victoria should i ot on the 2nd of February or MBTCII enjoy tie inestimable privilege of speaking their stntimerits to their representatives in that Bouse. If there were any distinct proposal to «mend the system of registration, ho could understand the motion, but thero WÍ.B not , and, in fact, the motion put bim in mind ot what was teimed "leaping before coming to the stile." The. Bill hod to run the gauntlet of all the amendments threatened by hon. gentlemen opposite, and BO, in fact, no one could say exactly what the Reform Bill would be when it did pass. Ia fact Ye believed that it would at all events be quite time to bring forward a pro- posal of this nature when the Bill had passed tbiough Committee, and when the measure, "had arrived at something like maturity. He beped that tho Committee would candidly -consider this question, and not allow them- selves to be led away from the general question by a motion which could only have the effect of interposing a delay to tbe settlement of the great question before the Assembly, The topic of Reform had already undergone con- nel ei able diBcuBsion, and he could not say (bat the present Government, who had re- ceived the menBure OB a legacy from the former Administration, had been treated with candor or generosity, but the Government bad no need to enter, into a question of this nature. They looked to the publia out of dooTB. (Loud and ironical cheers.) lion, gentlemen sneered at popularity, but the Government looked to the people as the lijitimato Bource of power, and with that feeling ho should vote against the motion ot the bon. member who had proposed tbe addi- tional clause to the Bill. ' ~ Mr. EBDEN saitl, that notwithstanding the taunt thrown out against that side of the Honee, thot tbey were etctuated by hypocriti- cal feelings in Eupportib., this motion, he cculd only say that although he could not follow the bon. niembor through all hie stage thunder-(a laugh)-he could Boy with great sincerity that he cordially supported the motion before the House. It was Bald that this motion could have been brought forward at at other stage of tho Bill, but it should bi un- derstood at once that before the Honeo pro- ceeded fat til er there should be a revision of tbo electoral rolls. The admissions of the Attorney General were the best reasons for this dolay taking placo, and for the belief that tbeieshouldbeareviBion of theiûlteboforo there wne any general election.- It was said that the gentlemen on that side of the House were not sincere in their desire for Reform. He den iod this, and believed that the motion, if curried, would entail no delay, for he waa satisfied that the general election conld take place even if this motion were cartied, so as to enable the Honeo to assemble in May, 1859. Mr. GRANT did not wish to impala per- sonal motives to bon. gentlemen opposite, but he did not think that this motion had been honestly brought forward, for without delay- ing the Reform Bill the electoral rolls could easily bo revised before the end of tbe j ear. This motion seemed to him, after all. to be a stab at the B 'form Bill in the dark. ("Hear," and "No,no.") It was MB opinion that the motion was merely an obstruction to the pass- ing of tho measure-(hear)- and had no other aim. Mr. MOORE said he thought very good reasons bad been Bhown by various hou. members for not having brought forward the motton at present before tno House on a previous occasion. One was that the defec- tivo state of the rolls was not then known. The Hon. the Attorney-General had nddnced most abundant evidence to prove the neces- sity of time being granted for the revision of the rolls, and his remarks had been eminently calculated to forward the views enteitained by his (Mr. Mooiore) sida of the House ; uud l the admission that a number of names had | bein swept off proved how reasonable it was for the House to want some delay for the puipose ot revising the rolls, upon the ground of economy he thought that euch a motion was neceesary, because, as thor« had been a number of fictitious uames, they mifcht bo struck off, and thereby a poition of tbe expenses concomitant upon elections dis- pensed with. He thought that any delay that might tako placo in the passing of the Bil! would be fully compensated for by obtaining 5 proper system of registration. Ï ho question that the clause proposed bj M'. Adamson should Btand part of the Bill was then put, and the.HouBe divided, with the following result : Ayes.,. 21 Noes. 28 Majority against the motton... 7 The following wnBthe division-list; AYKS. Hr. Molli.on Mr. D.S.Cumpbcll Mr. Groevos \- Sladen - Honty - Quurteroian \- Mooro - Michie - Hoard .- Adamson - Boden - Findlay C»pt, Andorpon - Hoala» - Sorvtoo V.T. Bitwoll - LuiiRlanda - Wood mm Haines - IMvia - J, Joiin.on. NOES. Mr. O'shanassy Mr.lt.S.Andoraou Ur. Ricardo \- Ireland .- Punían - Wills \- Chapman - Crows - Pony \- Dufly - Hylea - Uughoa ~ Home - Wilkie - Brooke Dr. KvatiB - Thomoon - MyloB jHr. Harker - Lalor - Kterani \- Grant - Boaver - Hancock. \- Hutnffraj - 0. Campbell \- Blair. - O'JJrien. Great applause was expressed by tho strangers ia tbo gallery when the tetuit of the division wae announced ; and Mr. Woo J I asked the Chairman of Committees to take I notice that there were strangers ptesent. Mr.A8PINAIji.saldtb.n,Uf any bon.mumbel objected to the presence of strangers in the House, he could easily apply to have them removed ; and, In fact, it was the duty of the messengers to lomove any persons who die: not conduct themselves properly, without receiving any instructions whatovet. Mr. OHAPMAN stated that he would, with the permission of the House, content hitnsul with reading the' clauses of the Bill, ant postpone tho schedule until Thursday, ui some alteintious were likely to be pro posed. The preamble of the Bill was postpone! and tho following causes wore then read am agited to: " I. The tenth section of the Constitute Act, together with theisohedulo thereunto an r.txed marked F, shall'b3 and the samo i bf reby repealed. " II. The colony shall be and the same i hereby divided into the several electoral di tncts specified in thejBcbedalo to this Act iii nexed, and the boundaries of the said eloi toral districts respectively, and the name thereof, sholl be those set forth In,the sal schedule. " 111. From and after the pacing of th: Act the several electoral dlstticts shall ifctur 'the nnmbor of members assigned to them i (Le said schedule, and the Legislative Asse a biy shall consist of the total number < m embers so returned. " IV. Immediately after the passing of th Act, the registrar ot the electoral distriot Ararat shall make out, from the General at special electoral rolls, a Hat of all perso whoso qualifications are set-fort h in the sa roll as being within the area comprised with the boundaries of the district of Ararat, as c fined in the schedule to this Act annoxed, ai shall submit the said list and rolls to the jt tices of the peace assembled at the court pttly sessions in or nearest to the said d trict, who shall compare the said list and roi and certify the said list, which said li When certified by the said justices, accordance with the provisions of an I passed in the 21st year of the rei of Her Majesty, intituled, ' An Act «xtendthe Right of Voting and to provl for the Registration of Parliamentary Eli tore.' shall, until the next genoral roll made out, be the general roll of voters for t said district, and the said roll shall, when ce.tißed, boas valid to all intents and p potes, and all proceedings shall be had in Spout of the Borne, as if the samo bad-be modo in accordance with the provisions th« saló last-mentioned Aot. i "V. After,the èaid justices shall have ce paied the said list with the said rolls, a Bbnll have certified the said list in tbo mi nor hereinbefore provided, they shall transi the same to the rogistrar or registrars of t dittrlct or districts to whioh the Bald it relate or belong, and tho said registrars B1 amend the sala loila by striking out the from all the names which Bball have b inserted in the lists of poisons entitled to v for the electoral diatrlot of Ararat, and Enid registrars shall then submit the said mid rolls, when BO amended, to the justice tbe peace assembled in petty sessions, whom tbe said rolls shall have been pr tnsly revised and certified ,who shall corni the sold list and amonded rolls, and 8 I leiliir the sold toll« to have been am em "I- '^ and the said rolls so amended and certified . ball, until tbe next general rolls be made out be tha .general and special rolls for tbe dia tiicls to which thoy respectively relate or .bWUß-" "J > ' 1 be Honse then reBumed, and the Chairman ieported progresF, and obtained leave to ait tgain on Thursday next. SBOEIINIKQ Ol' PARLIAMENTS UILL Mr CHAPMAN moved the second reading of this Bill, and in doing so Btated that hu had no doubt that the circumstances nnder vhlch the Bill was passed in the previous st felon were quite familiar to the hon. mem leis of that House. The Bill had been carried unanimously, but owing to there being an insufficient number of members present, the Ion. the Speaker refused to certify the Bill, »rd it did not receive the sanction of His Excellenoy the Governor. The Bill was in the same state now as it was when formerly »greed to by the Honse. Tho question that the Bill be read a second time was then put, and the House divided, with the following result: Ayes ... .,. 39 Noes . 2 Majority in favor of the second \ o reading . ; 37 AYES. Sr Evans Mr. Hughes Mr. Johnson Mr. Harker - D. 8. Campbell - Board ' - Chapman - AspinnH Cnpt. Anderson \- O Bhanasay - Grant Mr. Beales \-- Ireland - Findlay - Laing \- Dnffy ' - Brooke - Hancock <\- Mollison - Bltwoll - Everard \- Humffray - Wood ?- Perry \- Haine» - Grooves - Davis \- Snodgrass - Henty - Micnio \- Phelan - Mooro - Ricardo ,- Milla - Will» - Crows '- Blair - Beaver - sladen. NOXS. i Mr. Lalor Mr. Adamson. On the motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, the Bonse resolved itself into Committee upon the Bil), the preamble and clauses of which were agreed to, as follows : "Whereas, by the 'Constitution Act,' it ia enacted that every Legislative Assembly thereafter to be summoned and chosen should continue for five years from the day of the return of the writs for choosing the same, and no longer ; subject, nevertheless, to be sooner dissolved by the Governor. And whereas it is expedient that the said period should be shortened : Be it therefore enacted, by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Legis- lative Connell and Legislative Assembly of "Victoria, in this present Parliament as- sembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows (that is to say): " I, So muoh of the said Act as is herein- before recited shall be and the same is hereby rt pealed. " II. The present and every future Legisla- tive Assembly shall exist and continue for three years from the day of the first meoting thereof, and no longer, subject, nevertheless, to be sooner dissolved by the Governor." The House then resumed, the Chairman reported progress, and the third reading of the Bill was made an order of the day for the lOtb November next. SUPPLY. On the motion of Mr. HARKER the report of the resolutions of the Committee of Supply was postponed until Thursday next. SUPPLY. On the motion of Mr. HARKER the fur ther consideration of the Estimates in Com mittee was postponed nntll Thursday. ' OALL OF THE HOUSE. Mr. HBALE8, pursuant to notice, movod "That on the 10th November next the House be called ;" and in doing so stated that hit reason for bringing forward such a motioi was because he intended to oppose the secoue reading of two Bills which involved a prin ciple of constitution, and he was very destrón to1 have the opinion of a full House on the subject. The motion was pnt, and agreed to, anc the House adjonrned at 10 minutes to 1] until i o'clock on the following (this) day. 