GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. Mug. Dawsox's Cosoeut.-This evening, Mrs. Dawson gives a farewell ' Concert in the fulfilment of the Old Government House, previous to her departure for England, on Thursday. Mr. Farquharson has very kindly consented to afford his valuable assistance on the occasion. Tills lady, as our readers are aware, is the wife of Air. Hawson who has recently quitted the colony, it having been discovered that he was a defaulter in the office of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company. This concert has been suggested by several of Mrs. Dawson's friends, as a means of aiding her in accomplishing her voyage to England with her young family. This, in addition to the talent possessed by Mrs. Dawson and Mr. Farquharson, will, we most sincerely hope, induce large numbers of our Citizens to patronise, the Concert. There are very few, we believe, who will refuse to extend their sympathy to this lady on such an occasion, and we only trust that the Concert will fully answer the expectations of those who have devised it for so laudable a purpose. Or/B SuilMiar.-It is extremely gratifying to find so strong a desire manifested by the public, to extend a knowledge, of the advantages possessed by this Colony. Notwithstanding that we printed a thousand extra copies, over and above our daily issue, making in all between three and four thousand numbers, we were unable, as hundreds of our citizens can testify by their own personal experience, to supply the demand which had been created, both the offices of the Mercury were besieged yesterday afternoon by parties desirous of forwarding the Summary to England, large numbers of whom, we regret to say, were disappointed, The distribution of so many copies of this Journal in England, cannot fail to direct that attention to our advantages which has been diverted from us by the marvellous mineral wealth of our neighbours".' '" '" '" Ms. FAKQtmABSOK.-This gentleman has taken the Thè»too-Hoy»l-for the purpose of tgiyiuR .jt.CoaopBbSj, previous (to his departure from the Colony. I A Mown D.txn.-An American editor thus talks to his non-paying subscribers and patrons. If this appeal does not bring in the "cash," w3 think he need never dim a second time : *' Friends, patrons, subscribers, and advertisers Hear us for our debts, and get ready that you may pay ! Trust us-we are in need and have regard for our need, for you have long been trusted. Acknowledge your indebtedness ¡ and dive into your pockets that you may promptly fork over. If there be any among you one single patron-that don't owe us something, to him wesay.step inside-consider yourself a gentleman. 'if the rest of Our patrons wish to know why we dun them, this is our answer : Not that we care about cash ourselves, but our creditors do ! Would you rather that we go to gaol, and you go fi op, than that you pay your debts, and we all keep moving As we have agreed, we have furnished our paper to you ; but as you don't pay, we dun you ! Here are the agreements for job work, contracts for subscription, promises of long credit, and duns for deferred payments. Who is there so mean that he don't take a paper ? If any, he need not speak we don't mean him. 2 he is there so green that he don't advertise ? If any, let ! him slide ho ain't the chap either. . Who is there so bad they don't pay the printer ? If a envelop him about for he's the man we're after ! I His name is legion. He has been owing us one, two, or three quarters long enough to make us poor, and himself rich at our expense. If a the above appeal to his conscience doesn't awake his sense of justice, we shall have to try the law, and see what virtue there is in writs and constables COURT OF REQUESTS. A Court of Requests for the recovery of small claims is held once in every month at the following places :- t , , *Un»EB £30. Campbell Town..'.,. Second Tuesday Hobart Town. First Thursday Launceston.;- -First/Tuesday New Norfolk...... Second Monday Oatlands. Third Thursday Richmond . ..'.. Third Monday Under 9-10. Bothwell.'....v.. Second Monday Brighton (Pontville)'."' Second Tuesday Cainpbcll-TôWirr.vr^rr." 'First Friday Deloraine (at Westbury) First Monday - Fingal. First Wednesday Franklin ......^.\\.'.....t. Second Thursday. George Town....... First Friday Glamorgan (Swansea) at First Wednesday Hamilton. Third Friday Kingborough (Kingston) Second Monday Longford . Third Wednesday Morven (Evandale) .' First Wednesday New Norfolk ... '.. Second Monday Oatlands. Second Wednesday Port Esperance. II north Wednesday Port Sorell Torquay) ... Second Wednesday Richmond. Second Hominy Sorell . Second Wednesday Stanley (Circular Head) Third Wednesday Westbury '(at Deloraine) First Monday A Delicate Qtrrswos.-A legal question of a delicate nature is now exciting extraordinary interest in ''Wcstphalio,-viz., whether a husband has a right to open his wife's letters. The question arose out of a suit for divorce, instituted by the husband, in which he obtained a a decree ¡ but the conclusive piece of evidence was a letter from the Lothario, addressed to the wife, and the contents of which would never have been known had not the husband been so ungallant as to break the seal. The divorced wife at once prosecuted him for opening the letter, and the tribunal of Union has decided he was wrong, and has sentenced him to a fine of ten thalers. An appeal is pending, the result of which is anxiously watched by the public. 77mm. A Foot Race ik Greece. A correspondent of the Morning Post gives an account of some modern Isthmian gaines at Athens, including a stag hunt, " the first over known in Greece," and closes with a report of a foot race which took place on the 20th ult. on the banks of the Ccphisns. He says the ground was marked out by M. de Montliorotjtlio course was about two miles long. It was chiefly ploughed land, with about half a dozen tolerable fence!, a mill stream some six feet wide and at least ten foot deep, and a narrow branch of the river Conilurus. The runners were BIM. di Brcuv'crly, Locock, P. O'Brien, Hadji Peters, and three others, curate aide-de-camp to the French Admiral, the others attached to the French Government Academy. The signal was given by Mr. Strickland, and the whole started at the top of their speed. O'Brien went wildly at his first fence and fell, and when be got on his legs the others were n field ahead of him. The running was made by the French attache, DI. du heavenly, followed closely by Locock and Um Greek pet, Hadji Tetros. In the fourth field, the heavy ploughed land began to tell, and the last fences were bungled over in a very slovenly way. Coming to the mill-stream de Bieuverly and Locock were nearly abreast, and both jumped it about the same time, The French attache slipped, however, on landing on the opposite bank, when Locock went ahead, jumped the brook, and won cleverly by a band gallop. The others came straggling in, with Hadji Potros last. All the miners were fright- fully done in)). The champagne, travelled turkey, and sardines which Mr. ."i/anleylnd brought in his dog cart for their refreshment were left untasted. It was observed. howevcr, that MM. Locock and O'Brien remained on the ground to drink a glass of champagne with the umpires. They did so merely from a feeling of duty. Mr Lo:ok, the winner in this Olympian games. is son of Sir C. Lococ't, her Majesty's physician accoucheur, and has just been appointed paid attaché to the British Embassy at Constantinople. The betting before the race was ten to one in favor of Lieutenant Hadji Petrea who is son of the wo 1-known Greek general of that name. Caution to Ladies There are in the lead- j ing thoroughfares of the city a select number of females, whose business it is to relieve unwary I ladies of any loose cash they may have in their pockets. Liverpool-street is especially frequent- ed by these feminine pick. pockets, who are generally well-dressed, and well-known to the Police, but their tactics are so skilful as to elude detection. We caution ladies, therefore, who are engaged in "shopping," against leaving their purses in their pockets, for the movements of the pilferers are so humble and so adroitly performed, as to be at the time undetected. We have bond of several instances in which unsuspecting ladies have lost their money in this manner. Royal Society. The Monthly Meeting of the members of the Royal Society takes place this evening in the Museum Harrington-street. St John's Clifton, (Governor Street. The Rev. F. H. Cox odickiled« in St. John's Church, Goulburn-slrcol.on Sunday for the first time since his return from England. The Church was densely crowded at both the morning and evening services, in fact many persons went away being unable to gain admission. Tub Ghost -We regret to hear that in the neighborhood of Sandy Bay, the ravages of that destructive insect, aphis brassica, have not at all been checked by the late frosts, but on the contrary these little pests are attacking the growing crops of turnips, carrots, beans, peas, &e.; Boas Drantorm-Up to Saturday last one hundred and thirty two years have been destroyed, under warrant, by the Police for being at large without proper control, and unclaimed by their owners, if owners they had. We are informed that amongst this large number of animals there was not one scarcely worth taking off the street, and the fact of their destruction is very satisfactory, as a marked instance of the abatement of the dog nuisance. in reference i to dogs whose owners are known, either by a I collar or any other means, the constables are ordered to return the animal forthwith, and this order has in every case, we believe, been complied with. Guide to Tasmania. Mr. Hugh Munro ] Hull has announced the forthcoming publication of A new work entitled the Guide to 'Tas mania. The "guide" will be ushered into existence under the patronage of His Excellency and the Right Worshipful the Mayor, and Corporation. Amongst other information the work will contain our new Land Regulations, the law of Master and Servant, Tables of taxes, duties, and such' like abominations ; prices of provisions, Estimates of Government Expendi- ture, Returns of Debentures and a description I of the capabilities of the several agricultural and pastoral districts, This book, we do not doubt, will be found most useful, and considers ing the lowness of the price two shillings, will be largely patronised. The industry displayed by Mr. Hull in compiling such a work, is much to be commended and we shall ? be glad to show that he has been amply rewarded for the pains and labor bestowed by him in supplying a deficiency in out- local literature which has been much felt. The work will be published by Messrs. J. Walch and Sons of Wellington Bridge, esr SALE! OF JIortHEs. We direct the attention of partial requiring Rimmel) cart horses to the solo which will be held at two o'clock this tiny, by Messrs. Brent unit Westbrook, 'st Jttcksoti'a Henry Mules. SS Elmo been requested to call attention to the very written to and important sale at utluclliuiooui mer cuwaucrto Nield thursday by Hoitrai therewith Co., it their Hurt, SlUiivMli- itnti, ' Anwalt vita salt laws will be Submitted large nswrímrnta of ironmongery ladies matches, children i di -of live cattle on csWn hive fvwortmcnt of Mt eben rained just Hinde Rev lap times Bruce, 'Obivasn allow glass covered verify dress coats Lebrina s from cnbvmÄVrror>t heavy rich iron wire, and use of council bonnets, are the. Iho Hill v lil comm nee ru 11 of too J lo CuunisroMn-vrs on Veteran's' letter has been revived, but can it be inserted as an mhcrUsc 1 l'Ut, 