CONFIRMATION AND FIRST COMMUNION. On Sunday last, 1C0 children (70 boys and 90 girls) of the parish of Si. Patrick, and 240 of the parish of St. Mary— in all 400 children— partook, for the first time, of the Bread of Life, in the churches of their respective parishes ; after which the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation was adminis tered to them by his Grace the Archbishop in St. Mary's Cathedral. ST. PATRICKS. The ohildren had been for months past under special instruction by their pastors, in order that they might be impressed with the disposi tions and feelings necessary to receive worthily the Holy of Holies, in the adorable Sacrifice of the Altar, and that they might also secure the graces flowing from the sacrament of Confirmation, by which they would become adopted soldiers of Christ — fighting, under the banner of the Cross, against the world, the devil, and the flesh. The children had assembled each day during the past week, in the hall attached to St. Patrick's Church, for the purpose of being instructed and admon lsnea by their Pastors, the Rev. Messrs. Keating and Newman, on the approaching allim portant event — the most momentous concern of their lives — receiving First Communion and the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation. On Sunday morning last, the children, 70 boys and 90 girls, assembled, prior to first Mass, in the hall, where, after all had arrived, they formed in proces sion, and, headed by the Rev. Mr. Keating, entered the church, and, proceeding down the nave, took their place in the sanctuary around the altar — the boys on the gospel side, and the girls on the epistle side. After first mass had been offered up the Holy Communion was administered to the uimuruii, who receiveu me Heavenly guest WHU most becoming evidences of devotion and piety.' Indeed their demeanour throughout was highly edifying, and was a source of the purest delight and gratifi cation to the congregation. At the commence ment of the Holy Sacrifice the choir sung the Veni Creator Spirilu, and during the service, at the Com munion, and after, other beautiful and solemn hymns. After Divine Service was ended, and a few words of admonition suitable to the occasion had been be stowed ou the children, they returned to tho hall in the same order as they left it, and were entertained at a substantial breakfast, waited upon by the ladies of the parish who attend St. Patrick's Church. Here, too, their deportment evidenced the deep sense which they entertained of the solemn occasion. How must the hearts of the pastors been gladdened, under whose instructions they had arrived at a knowledge of these Divine Mysteries, and who, as the ministers of the Holy Ghost had judged them worthy to participate in tho Redeemer's guarantees of God's reconciliation with fallen man. Having sufficiently refreshed them selves, the children again formed in procession, to waiK to oi. aviary's, to receive were, irom the hands of his Grace the Archbishop, the sacrament of Confirmation. Headed by the Rev. Mr. Keating, they proceeded from St. Patrick's Church down Bridge-street, and, winding along Library Terrace to Macquarie-sireet, reached their destination. The eft'ect was most striking and interesting. The girls, dressed in pure white, and veiled, the boys also having a uniformity of dress, with a blue rosette on the right shoulder of each, presented a a scene most refreshing and consoling to the mind, and than which nought could be seen more beautiful in this world. Happy and lovely children they were. In this order they arrived at St. Mary's, and, joining the children there assembled, the administration of the Sacrament, as described underneath, was pro ceeded with. After the termination of the cere monies they again walked back in the same orderly and becoming manner to St. Patrick's Hall, where a repast of bread and fruit was provided fur them ; after partaking of which they departed to their respective homes. It is but proper to remark that the children of St. Patrick's elicited marked com-, mendation from every one, both on account of their becoming manners, as well as from their good looks and respectable appearance. It is to be hoped that processions of this nature — began on so auspicious an occasion — will be carried out as occasions offer ; they cannot fail to impress the young heart with the importance and beauty of religion ; and at the same time speak feelingly to the mature of age of innocence and virtue and the love of God^ We feel certain, too, that such a specimen of the practices of our holy religion cannot be without its effect on the minds of our dissenting brethren. ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. Last Sunday upwards of four hundred young persons of both sexes, enjoyed the privilege of re ceiving, at St. Mary's, the Holy Sacrament of Con firmation. On the same day, at eight o'clock in the morning, nearly two hundred were admitted, for the first time, to Holy Communion. His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney performed these sacred func tions, in the presence of an over-flowing congrega tion, who could not but have been exceedingly edi fied at assisting at services so truly suggestive and consolatory to every Catholic mind. Nothing, we are informed, could be more touching than the affectionate and deeply impressive address of our venerated Metropolitan on this interesting uuuamun. His Grace reminded these youthful lambs of the fold of the momentous importance of their solemn engagements thus undertaken by themselves in the face of the church, and conjured them to progress onwards, perseveringly, in their Christian warfare, aided, as they doubtless would be, by those divine helps which they now were so certain of realizing. His Graee, with most touching apostolic fervour, admonished the youthful communicants, with what exceeding circumspection and watchfulness they should, from that moment, beein to exemplify to the world, in their words, in their works, and in their very carriage, that the life which they were hence forward to live was to be that of a spiritual and divine element, derived from their Divine Redeemer, and thorefore should, through His omnipotent grace, henceforward resemble their heavenly model. The large congregation was visibly very deeply affected in listening to the English hymn, sung unitedly, by these happy recipients of Holy Com munion, immediately after the inception of their Diiine Lord. It was as if that spacious edifice was filled' from on high with angelic strains, audibly ex ulting in the enjoyment of a boon so transcendently exceeding all human conception. The effect was heightened, as the young ladies were, as usual on such occasions, dressed and veiled in a snow-white attire, so emblematic of the spotlessness of unsullied virgin innocence. Afterwards, by command of the Archbishop, the young persons were all hospitably entertained at breakfast, with an abundance of fruit and cakes, in the large room in St. Mary's Seminary. . Several of the elite of our large Catholic commu nity, were present upon this happy occasion, and diligently waited upon the delighted guests, emu lously vying who could show the most affectionate zeal, in giving and enjoying a happiness, so spiri tually festive and truly edifying. The Archbishop, attended by his reverend clergy, were spectators of the general happinMs. His Grace implored the blessing of the Most High at the com mencement of their refreshment. It is only by reunions such as these, that the sur passing beauty of Catholicity is ever most attrac tively evidenced, in the fullness of its evangelical love and spiritual power. May it flourish more and more ! The Weslkyan Conference on State Aid.— The Rev. Ralph Mansfield proposed the fol lowing resolutions on State Aid : — I. That it is the opinion of this committee that the system of State Aid to public worship existing in this colony is upon the whole injurious to the in terests of true religion, confounding, as it does, all distinction between truth and error, in matters of Divine Revelation, by indiscriminately supporting II. That this committee does not affirm that tho principle of State Aid is in itself sinful or unsound, and is of opinion that the Weslcyun Church in this colony, would not be justified in relinquishing its own participation in State Aid, so long as the other denominations continue to receive it, believing that such relinquishment would only aggravate the evil herein deplored. III. That this committee, tuMofore, dooms it a duty to recommend' the adoption of all constitutional and befitting means for causing the said system to be abolished entirety, and as early as practicable. Tlicso resolutions were carried. The correspondent of tho Herald at Maneroo reports that the clip is expected to be both weighty and clean . 