î^rflfcrriatt -%z% JEmtmr. miifßAira,'ÍATÜMÓÍT, JUNE as, it. LAW-MAKING. OUR colonial legislators, following closely the example of the Imperial Parliament, are making our Statute Law a collection of shreds and patches, which will present innumerable riddles even to the skilled lawyer.) - The great difficulty of a colonial lawyer, now is to say what is or is not law. By the Imperial Act of 9 Geo IV, the laws of England were imported whole gale as far as they would apply to the circumstances of the colony " This delightfully uncertain clause would find employment for a whole nation of lawyers, and it has been a standing puzzle for them since the moment of its enact- ment However, on this foundation our legislators have gone on enacting and amending until it has become a serious. question whether they had not been stop and begin the work of consolidation. The process of law making among us is very apt to lead us into confusion In one session an Act of several clauses is passed, and in the next and six or seven succeeding sessions laws are passed, gradually re- pealing every article of the first enact ment Now, in order to know what the law really is, or how much of the old statute is in existence, a man must travel over all these new laws, each repealing some portion, not only of the first, but of all its predecessors, until hopeless confusion ensues, and the "glorious uncer- tainty" of the law with its attendant de lays expence and vexation follow. What- ever and the lawyers may have to answer for, they are certainly not chargeable with this which is the result of our un- souths method Of legislation An attempt has been made of late years to apply a remedy, and accordingly many of our enactments have been designed to "con- the law on some particular sub- jects! Yet, either from want of foresight or sufficient deliberation, in the next ora shortly succeeding session we have invariably seen the introduction of a brief "Amending" Act. Yet notwithstanding this unhappy defect in our method, the genius and spirit of our legislation is essentially noble and true It is generally based upon universally recognised principles of justice unless the temptation of class interests warps the judgment or perverts the rectitude of intention of a majority of our law makers Notwithstanding the immense pile of statutory law which we have reared th e essential principles, of our jurisprudence are by no means exceedingly numerous and we fully believe they could by a, powerful intellect devoted to the work be reduced into a simple and convenient code from which even the unlearned might gather his legal rights and obligations We might mention more particularly as capable of being thus treated our criminal and contract laws which affect our people at every turn of life. We defy any one who has seen the admirable work of the great jurist PoTHlXR on contracts to say that this is an impossible labor. Indeed it has been accomplished in other countries. Under the emperor woman that Itwf of Its? before 7 I I ) -7 codified and even the opinions of their eminent lawyers were condensed so that from several camels loads the law was reduced into ' a few volumes and its leading principles were promulgated in a convenient treatise known as the " Ins till late." The laws of France and the great NAPOLEON were condensed into five codes. They are contained in a small thick closely printed volume and are so clear and elegant in their language and style, that whilst they furnish an agreeable study for foreign jurists, the English lawyer can easier understand from them the laws of France than he can from his English law books, and daily practice, comprehend the laws of his own country! A Frenchman carries his laws in his pocket, but an Englishman needs a waggon ! The work under JUSTING was effected by a commission of lawyers and in like manner under NATOMON. The French Code was circulated, and discussed long before it was passed, and with this model before them, why should our legislators hesitate to move in the right direction? A Foreign spectator would be much amused at the course of a law debate in one of our Courts. An advocate rises and states the law quoting cases for the opinion of some eminent lawyer. His opponent in turn quotes cases diametrically opposed. Then follows a long discussion on the question whether the last case decided by the Judges overruled the previous decisions. Now the presiding Judge's turn comes and he recollects that his brother Justice Biawia decided a case at the last assizes which floors both the lawyers 1 This wrangling is no doubt very ingenious and clever, but suitors " pay the piper." The work of forming a plain code can, and should be, done. Our laws would not yet burden many camels. LAND SALE-The following land sales are now titled Drayton, 19th July Dalby, 1st Only ; Maryborough, 30th July. 1 PoroLAtiow.-The population of the Police District of Brisbane was reported by the Registrar General on the 31st May last, to be 3116 males, and 68, females, total 5,844; Ipswich Police District 2672 males, and 186 females, total 453. Brisbane, therefore, exceeds Ipswich by 1286. The town of Ipswich however has only 22 59 whiUFBrisbane with a town population of 4395 has more of city life about it. DINOXMATIOKAI. SCHOOLS.-The total number of denominational schools in New South Wales is 200\. The Church of England has 100 ; Presby. terians 18 ; Wesleyans IO; and Roman Catholics 79\. The total number of children on the books last year was 14,907. The total east of their education during 1897 was £29,576 Os. 11d. The teachers' salaries amounted to £18,92? 4s. 9d. At EARLY Bran at one o'clock on Wednesday morning we were startled by the apparition of a subscriber asking for his paper '" Of course the Courier had not come out, and was not to be caught like the worm at that early hour. Whilst rubbing our sleepy eyes, to see clearly, we had some misgiving that they might open on the ghost of the patriotic " Captain Brown, who departed BO noiselessly ; but it turned out to be a quiet gentleman going by the steamer at daylight. ImnoaiiTs.-During the years 1894-5 the following numbers of immigrants were introduced from Great Britain England, 91,141 mail?, 9,359 females ; Scotland, 5,184 males, 700 females; Ireland, 18,870 males, and 6,868 females ; being double the number of English and Scotch women. The daughters of Ireland bid fair, therefore, to be the mothers of young Australia," engrafting the mercurial and poetic Cell on the Anglo-Saxon stock. The proportion of the population being considered, there is a deficiency of immigration 1 from England to the extent of 8199 males, 4161 ~ females ; from Ireland an excess of 786? males, 4504 females; from Scotland an excess of 834 males, and a deficit of 349 females. TaLKWAPH TO EtoiASD.-Mes«rs. Carr, Pinniger, de la Bore and Masterman, of London, hare petitioned the Colonial Legislature for powers to enable them to form a Submarine Electric Telegraph, between Great Britain and Australia They purpose to lay down along the eastern coast of Australia such Electric Submarine Telegraphs as will effect a communication via Torres Straits between some point on the line of Electric Telegraphs of the Honorable East India Company, or other Electric Telegraphs in, or intended to be brought into, communication with Great Britain Or the Continent of Europe and the Australasian Colonies, by which means these Colonies will, on to the completion of Telegraphic Lines already in l operation or projected, have direct communication by Telegraph with Europe, Great Britain, and America. They purpose to complete the undertaking before or in the course of the year 1862. They ask the Home and Colonial Government to pay a fixed rate of interest at 6 per cent, on the outlay, during the construction of the works, in order, that the public may be induced to invest. The Government messages to have preference and be charged at the same rate as private messages. ' Should the amount against Government be greater than the sum paid by them for interest, the balance to be handed over to the company. The Government to appoint an "ex-officio" director to look after their interests. Seats in the direction will be reserved for gentlemen connected with Australia, and a Colonial Council will be appointed. -MsTioaoLoaioAij-We are enabled, from the meteorological returns for the month of April last to contrast some of the results for Parramatta (which represents Sydney) and Cape Moreton. The mean temperature at nine in the morning, three in the afternoon, and nine in the evening at Cape Moreton, was 79 3, 73-1, and 762, a very equable ratio. Whilst in Parramatta, at the same hour, it was 63 8, 714, and 59 3. The main "wet bulb during the same period and hours was, at Cape Moreton, 66 2, 68 2, and 652, and at Parramatta, 56 9, 65 5, 58-4. It will be thus observed that Nature seems here as easy in her " temper" as a Moreton Bay politician But if she is not quite so variable and troubled as her neighbors down South, like a true Separationist she "blows" harder, the resultant wind being 308 1 at Cape Moreton, and 94 beat Parramatta. The rain in tubes at that place measured 2139, .fldaiUfiMwitwiVllO, 