from Ba|jara$jy^ ^-Mi^^iüÁeaa^ domains, t^iha&a;&vtea; tó show the ?cha^ng^iitira The tótrn of 0^EB^^I»ÍÍW»^» much gold ;p ól^i^áp1i'|^^P^ ^ soli, ex eb^^%f^^ifm|r thon^sandsnf '-. peepkV : located iheni&lyes;, aha where shops and hotels, JBBIÎ saloons, jand bowling alhes, and dootors andlawyers did congregate, is now perfectly :íñ~ visible. Âs'ît. was¡not bnu^.pfetone we cannot sky that not one stone, i» left upon another. " Sods, and canvas, and here and there a brick oren m ruins may be disco vere ri by the antiquary; while mountains of smashed bottles indicate the sites pf hotels and grog shanties, and dilapidated and rapidly oxidising " billies," pans, pots and a j thousandandonespeciesof tnegenustin, lie scattered ia reckless and suggestive j profusion over all the neighborhood, j It is not our province tb sentimentalize, j however, and so we pass on over the creek and ascend the platean of Sebas topol, wherer erst there dwelt other thousands of sturdy deep sinkers, their wives and little ones, and all the crowd of tradespeople, bonifaces, amusement vendors, sharpers, nata! and naturals, with all the paraphernalia that ac company the successful miner: in his course of gold seeking. Here flou rished in bygone days the Royal Char ter, Champion of the Seas, Kangaroo, Flying Dutchman, Alma, Opossum, Golden Horn, Eldorado, and others. Here also labored the miners of the Twelve Apostles, of whom two or more remain to this day, and still go about discipling the miners in the path of reverence for the miners1 legislature. Of the orthodoxy of that faith few, it was said, had any doubts ; nor doubted they the zeal, purity, and long-suffering nature of the teachers. With what patient meekness they endured a long series of fifty shilling fees (for judg ments and for "water privileges," declared to be of no .use by the men of these degenerate days) and " wicked and malicious4' assaults and buffettings of their stellar and other enemies, we need only refer to the clerk-secretary treasurer-accountant, and apologist of the old Court, and the patriotic co lumns of the old Court's organ. Here also dwelt he who is now the very chief of that more modern legisla ture, and who thea fought the battle of the parallels, and afterwards subsided upon the Electric Station office stool and £350 a year ; till, ia an evil hour, the fates said, u Depart hence, and share the victory of the parallels with ' Peeping Tom,' thy forerunner, till thou becoraest, under kindlier auspices, a full-blown J.P. and C.M.B." Here sojourned too the Waltons, the Mack 8ies, the Lambs, the Brays, the Wil liamses, the Avisons, the Frazers, the Webbs, the Campbells et id genus eames, erewhile beloved of the people, or stirrers np of strife against the chosen of the miners ; and here still linger a few thereof until this present ; but no longer do they convene public meetings and bore reporters' ears with long-winded harangues touching the virtues of *' Honest John," the defec tion of one, the recusancy of another, or the fidelity of others ; winding up with declarations of grievances ianu merable and intolerable, and exposi tions of such elementary principles of political science as that " we are work ing men, the working men of this co lony are the people, and the people's voice must be heard." No more as semble the companies of "tree and independent voters," to proceed with bands more sonorous than musical to the Local Court Election, there to glorify the magnates of the people and put down "that lying Star;"-nor return they thence triumphant and reeling to their beds or " braces" handless, orderless, and satisfied. No, the 1 glory hath departed, though Dr Kenworthy and mine hosts of the Dutch Harry and Junction remain, like faith ful veterans, now the army has dwin dled down to but a few ragged roving remnants of hardy fighters in the bat tle of the rock, and the water, and the gutter. Desertion and desolation are spread over nearly all the hill, and the last days seem to have come prema turely upon the place late so fuUof life and busy industry. One old ground party are puffing away with their en gine near to where the Elephant and Castle Hotel used to stand. Thence down the lead all is deserted till we come to the United Miners' claim uow abandoned by that company, but whose . shaft is being used by the Round Tower company for the purposes of working out. Near to this claim is that of the Nelson Company, who have been working against hope for nearly eighteen months or two years. There is some talk of a fusion of the Round Tower with the Nelson we hear. Fur ther on are the Working Miners, but they are not working it seems just now, and it is said to be problematical whether or not they ever will any more. The Evening Star long since quenched its rays in the night of des pair, sinking out of existence into a sea of unpaid calls, and haunted by gaunt ghosts of fractional shares and fractional parts of fractional shares, which had been ever part of the Webb of their troublous life. Fancy may picture these ghosts, emitted from the brain of*'sold" sleeping share holders, as they lay " wildered and tossing mid distempered dreams" of dividends that they were never to re ceive, diving down to the dark depths of the subterranean, and returning to croak nought hat the,: gibing taunting song- "The - Campbells' are coming,'' and saying ** the Albion boys will take your gutter "if "a gutter there be to take." Woe to the tranquillity of the rays, sleeping or waking, of the defunct Hesperus,-ff the Albion lads do find the gutter thereabouts, and aré able. «jumping" «ÜiairowfÖul |^WhWit| cpmmg upon iatisfkct^4 j of deep ground. "Troc they are no» ¡ pntîing down » sharona1 we hopëq they j will succeed Kin finding : what j tiley have been so long and so ?ery indnstrirAoly been seeking bot at present itis rather more of an experiment we 'believe than it ought to be, after so extended atienes of boring Operations preliminary' to the actual sinking.. There is a notion about thai the Woolshed gutter - another myth by the byè^is running into the Albion Company's territories ^ and verily there .ought: to be a confluence of several nice little tributaries there, in order to repay the companyfor all i&eir; expen diture of time and labor and money. So back on the lead it may truly be said tiie companies ase jejther bank rapt, verging on bankruptcy, or are only, just able to pay their way and kee^'btiäy and soul together :-« Tb true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true." But such are the results of rock lead sinking under the old «reas and the old systems of working. It then be- : comes a matter of emmenfc^pcñ^tance to ask " how are "these leads to be j worked in 'the iuturè ?" 41 Cacaray," as ! a lawyer would say who saw his case ! was utterly hopeless, the way is to 1 form large companies, work by hired labor, «nd import into the conduct of the operations every advantage that capital, skill, and science can supply to the miner. There is now no other possibility of successful working these leads as they pursue their way into greater and unknown depths. In carrying out these enterprises the Mining Board appears, to say the least of it, fully disposed to accord ample room and verge enough in the matter of area; and if it can by any possi bility keep its itching fingers from intermeddling in the internal concerns of companies tims organised, we may j yet -sea these rock lends paying well for the working. j We had intended to report on the ! slate of Cobbler's, on tile gigantic | wheel for quarts crushing, and on Porter and Holmes's crushing plant, but must hold over till another issue. 