ANNIVERSARY OP THE BRITISH AND , FOIIEIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. ? . . ;The following is a full report of tho proceed ings at the Anniversary Meeting- of . the Auxi liary Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Sdciety,. established in this town, and Jield at thb-VSTuleyan Chapel on Monday evening last, wfubh was numerously and respectably attended. Ttte proceedings having been oommenced with p'rkjer, and Dr. BcftBT, President, having taken the Chair, the Rev. J. B. Lauohtojt, Secretary, rc^d the Report for 1867, which was followed by the reading of the Report for the present year, by Mr. G. F. Was, the Treasurer, which/we sub join. ! Report. 'Tho Committee of the Bathurat Branch Bible Society beg to congratulate the subscribers and friends of the Institution, on .the - occasion of their Third Anniversary, and have the honor to submit the following Report. . ? , . ' The lABt Anniversary Meeting, having been delayed until the month of January, in the hop* of securing the attendanee of a Deputation from the' Sydney 'Auxiliary — a hope, which, your Committee regret to Bay, was disappointed in consequence of unforeseen circumstances, — and the services and moctiags having boon held dur ing the busiest time of the jiarvast season,— was not so productive in a pecuniary point of view as might otherwise havo bcon expected. Your Committee- howover. shortly after onterine on their duties, wore enabled to rdmit tho sum of £00 (Sixty Pounda) a- a free contribution to the Sydney Auxiliary, for tho general objaoto of tho Society. The salo of Bibles and Testaments during the year has bocn satisfactory; being, Bibles 239, Testaments 257. Total amount £80 15s. Id. The Co'portour, Mr. J. H. Bornoy, has been actively engaged during the year, having. visited tho Lower Jlncquaric, and that with reasonable success, though on account of tho dryness of the season ho found it impossible- to proceed so far as ho would otherwise have done. Ho lias however been. usofully employed in those parts of the District nearer home. The Sydney Auxiliary Oommittoo have appointed a Sub committee to enquiro into tho working of the Colportage system in tho Westeru Districts, and your Goramitteo havo furnished thorn 'with all the information nucossary, including a copy of the Colporteur's Journal, wliioh shews, moro forcibly than any general statements, tho neces sity a id importance of this species of agency in distributing copies of tho Word of God, and awakening an interest in the highest concerns of man nmong a part of our colonial population, which hus, with regard to spiritual knowledge, too long sate in darknoi3 and in the shadow of death. To the Ladios' Association connected with the Branch, your Committee have again to record their acknowledgements. To this Association the duty of collecting funds is chiefly entrusted and the zeal and activity of its motnbers iu-tho great came- of Biblo Distribution is deserving of the highest praise. By fixing tho period for tho Annivorsary Services and Meetings somowliat oarlio* than in formoi* years, your Committee havo hopod to avoid the inconveniences which wore experienced last year, and sincerely trust that tho Christian liberality of tho Western publio will enable thorn to shetv, that the cause has lost none of its intorojt, but that wo are dctermiuod, by God's, help, to carry out, so far as in us lies, tho design of putting tho Word of God into tho' hands of every human being. With thankful noss to tho Great Head of the Cliurqh fur what He has enabled them to nooomplisli,. humbly Hupplioating His continued blessing, and .look ing forward with good hope to tho future, your Committee resign their trust into your hands.' . Tho Rev. Q. .M. Fox then roso to movo tho first resolution :— ' That tho Ropoi-t now rend bo adopted, and that this Meeting desires carnostly to ciprois its gratitude to Almighty God for tho mcasuro of sueeesB which has hithorto attended the operations of this Branch, also oftho othor Auxiliaries and Branches; and as well as' of tho Parent Institution itself.' Tho Ror. Speaker then proceeded to inform tho meeting thnt from the ; last Report of the Prtrout Society, it appeared that its funds amounted to no loss a aura than £1-10,003, and that its operations had oxtended . over all the earth, for the Word of God had been translated into one hundred and forty languages and dialeots, and four thousand nine hundred and thirty six auxiliary societies wero engaged in disseminating tho truths oftho Go3pol among tho nations. Theso were the results of this glorious Society, and it was impossible not to recognise iii thorn tho working of Omnipotoncj. But he would descend from great things to small ; tho Rjport just read was extremely gra tifying ; and tha system of colportourage had bean found to bo molt sucoojBful. By theso means he trusted that tho light of tho blessed Gospol might be spread ovor that dark wilder ness of immorality, tho bush. Tho Society had claims upon us of no common strength, for without its valuable aid Bibbs-could not be fur nished to us at the moderate price at which they were now obtainable, and this was a matter of paramount importance, for wo had to de»l with' men who lived without God in the world, and it was therefore neojssary to have tho Biblo ever boforo us, to show thorn tho saving message of grace. And shll we leavo them to perish in ignorance of tho_ ono. truo God ? Shall we deny the glorious light of the Gospel to others ? Lot us look to India — to China — to Africa, and to the Roman Catholic countries of Europo which aro living in darknos? and the shadow of death. Shall we not sond them tho Book wliioh is nblo to make them wise unto salvation ? Ho would say, without fear of contradiction, that it was our boundon duty to work, together, for between the Church of England and Roma thsro was an impassable gulf, but betwoou tho Eng lish Church and thn Protestant Sects there wai 1 common ground, and they must take up arms together for tho oommon cause, for the Devil, tho lull. Id, and tho Pope wero coming up against us. (Applause.) Mr. J. 0. WmTB rose to ieeohd ths resolu tion with tho greatest pleasure, for ho rogarded the furlhonanca oftho operation a of tho Society is one of the mast, important objects in Which mortals osuld bo engaged. If it were ' indeed truo, as he believed it to be, that tho Bibb was the channel through wliioh all blessings both ipiritual and temporal, roncliml us from above, hat occupation could bo more bdifvina,' what employment moro sacred ? ' Britain, tho Queen of nations, owod nil her glory, ill hor ascendancy to the Bible ; but for that sho would; have boon as bo jotted and ignorant m tho islands in the Southern ~Ooean. And if thoy asked him what the Biblo had done, ha would. tell them to look at those yory islnndd, 01100 plunged in cruelty, barbarity and cannibalism, and now rendered the abodes of peaceful religion solely by the propagation of tho snored truths contained ' in that holy volume. If thcro was ono book in the world which was more likely than any othor to lca-i men into the ways of peace, iintl to mako thorn happy in all the relations of life, it was tho Bible; what then could wo say f irthor in its praise ? He had latoly seen a atatemmt which had gone tho round of tho papers, that tho Sultan, since tho last war, had received vory graciously the present of a Bible, and hid ordered that a por tion of it should bo read daily within the pre cincts of his palace. It was also stated that tlie present Emperor of Russia hadpirmittod large packages of vnlaablo Bibles to pnsi without duty into his dominions. It was impossible to re gard theso circumstances otherwise thin na signs of the times — as proofs that Go! in - His own good season, was perfecting His Almighty will. Sir. White sat down amidst loud applause. . Tho resolution was thon put from the ohair ind carried unanimously. Tho Revd. J. I). Lattohtps, . in .inov.ing.the next resolution, expressed his regret at 'not be ing nblo to give expression to all ho would liko to say upon tho important subject of tlia distri bution of the Biblo, as ho had but just roaohed iiome after a long journey, and was very much fatigued. However, the resolution which he was about to move was one that made its own ?peoch, and ho- would therefore maroly read it, briefly state the arguments it containoJ, and I'.are it to tha speakers who wouldfollovr hiun to lay before the meeting at greater length the noble objects '.of the Society. ?'The'RevJ. speaker then road the following resolution :— 2.— 'That this Mooting KJoioes in thecatholio ?constitution of the British and Foreign Biblo !SooiBty. by which Christians -of- -all denomi nations; interest in the ? dissemination, of tiro Holy Scriptures, are enabled to unite in 'the oommon cause.' He had frequently had opportunities of speaking upon tho subject now beforo them, but the more he saw of the Society and its i operations, the moro fully was h» convinoed that its objects and the mode of carrying it out I were sound. The distribution of the Truth of . God was on abject worthy of tho highest ,r«gard and tho warmest approbation. It involved the transla tion of the Soripture* into the chief languages of tho world, but . this was only a part of the work of the Society. In those parts of tha world where missionaries had been employed to proclaim the Gospel of tho Son of God, tho work of transla tion had been ontrusted to them, and tho Society had printed such translations us they had fur nished ; but where there wero no missionaries, persons bad been ongagod by the Bible Society for tho express purpoao of furnishing correct translations of the Sacred Volume. The con stitution of the Society was so catholic, that Christians of all denominations could meet upon its platforms as on common ground. It was truo that thero were soma denominations which were not favourable to Bible distribution, but then* objections might bo traood to the fact that Borne of tho peculiar dog mas upon which, thoy mainly rested were entirely ignored, and sot at nought by the Bibb. Another ground of argument was that no single denomination was sufficiently power ful to accomplish this great work unaided by the othors ; and if they wore strong enough they had no right to undertake the work to tho exclusion of ull othors, because it was one in which all Christians had an equal right and in which thoy all ought to unite. And in uddi tion to this if oaoli denomination were to under takj to do the work separately, a spirit of rivalry, bickering and unpleasuntness would be engendered, which together with the undersel ling that would most probably be resorted to, would be calculated to bring disorodit upon tho aauso. It was therefore a source of considerable satisfaction that tho principles of the Society wore so'citholio — that all true Christians could unite in ono common object and it was well that thero was one Society to carry, on the 7I10I0 of tha work. Hj regretted that the reports of tho Parent Society for tho year ending tho first of May 1358 had not yet reaohed the colony, as in consequence of tho absonce of those roports it n-03 not possible to lay before tha meeting any account of the transactions of tha Soniety during tho past year, oxoepting such fragments as had been gathored from other sources. It was de lightful to hear of individual noses in which the Truth of God had beon brought homo to the human heart by tho study of tho Bible, and such cases frequently ocourroil on the Continent of tho old world, and were oft?n made known through tho reports. However thoy must bo oontont with such information as had come to hand, and ha hoped that tho same cause of oom pluint would not occur again, but that at the next annivorsary tho reports would be forth coming. . Mr. Pareer in soconding tho resolution, said, thut tha circumstances of the case required that ha should throw somo light upon tho subject, and ha was vary sorry that he was not ablo to do justice to it. - If the will to do what was. necessary in the oasa gave him any claim upon -thoir consideration, wiiat little there ra of him was all there, and his working tools were in onlor. Tiro important facts presented themselves to his mind — first,, the neacaaity of union in tho conduct of tho grand movement whose claims they had .mot to advocate j for union wa^ strength, and through its instrumentality infinitely mora. could be accomplished than by divided jind 'separate action. Ona bright feature in the' British olmraotor was its determination of purpose. If tho English soldier did not overcome his antagonist bytshooting him, ho despatched him with his bayonet. The peculiar tactic* of tite Gtreat Napoleon wore to concontrate all hU forces and having .broken the enemy's lines, to conquer thorn in details. and by theso meani ho generally carried all before him. How important, therefore, was it by^udopting a. si milar policy — by a junction and* bmcontratiou of their forces, to disseminate the Biblo over the surface of the. earth, and thus overcome the ignorance, vice and irreligion which destroy its happiness. Tha necessity of circulating tho Bible moro freely was shewn in our streets and highways. The ' bullook-driver fancied he could not drive. . his oxen, without a copious use of oaths. But put the Biblo into his hands and ho . would finl other language by which to urgo his tardy animals, forward. Some arguo that six dayi' work in the woek was not suiBcient for the pur poses of huimn existence, but he w.is happy to say that ho was in tho habit of meeting with many families who obtainjd a respectable and comfortable' subsistence without working upon thoSibbaMi. There was thu extraordinary fact beforo them that Bathurst supported 50 public houses, at an amiuil expenditure of £50,000, and, ho thought, little more need ba said to prove the necessity of Bible' distribution. To the troubled soul the Scriptures whisporoil poaco and there was calm ; under its injunctions the s.vearer coasod to swear. Tha idler also set aside his idleness, an 1 was moved by a spirit of industry, sobriety and truth, rfo thorefore o.illo.l upon all Bible. Olimti ini to adopt every moans in their' power for the purpose of in creasing as fir as possible tho oirculation of tho ?Scriptures. . ? Tho resolution wai put and unanimously car ried. ' Tho Chairman then introduced to the mooting tho Rev. JoitK Douoall, minister of St. Andrew's (d- c-ti) Church, Sydnoy, who atta ided a* a deputation from the N. 8. W. Auxiliary Bible Society. Tho Rev. Gontloman having expressed the gratification it afforded him to be present at tho Anniversary, and to seo such evidence- of tha intorest taken in the objects of the Bible Society, procjodod to address tho meeting in support of tho third resolution. It was a cheer ing thing to see the young on entering into life avail themselves of that imitativo faculty which God had givon to aid infirmity of judgment. It argued woll for tho young -. colony when it was not inflated with prido and nelfsufH cioncy; thinking it has nothing to learn and nothing to imitate, but whon with 'wiso discre tion,' it adopted tho laws and custumi and - in stitutions which had lioan found to work will in older countries, fliia was peculiarly grati fying when it took pluca in things spiritual, while ovon in things temporal disaster might ba sustained which a ; wiso imita tion had avoided; there was ncvortholosa. a. probability that as tho domain of sense is im mediate, and ? at onco presses on us, 1mm in promptings and human exigencies would mako the individual mm and tha state quick to per nuivo and to appropriate whnt was npprovod by the experience of others. But it was delightful to every Christian mind to soe Australia not merely adopting what had been found in the old country to forward coramo oj, und advanoa sound politics, and social welfure, but rejoicing in an oxncllent reprosentativo of the British and Foreign Bible Society. -When thov reQisctod tliat the earnest enquirer, who sought to t.-acj Australia's future, would not look: to trade re turns — to the schoolmaster abroad, or changing politics alone, but to such evangelical agcn-ii-s as these— to the light and regenerative power they send forth, and tho grjca ' inspiro.l hearts thoy indicate, they would all foci aauso to rejoice that they bad now celebrated ii Aunivjrsariu8 pf the Sydney Society, and that here, this even ing, they were for the third t me praising God that ho has inspired Bathurst Christians with a real for co-opjration in this glorious work. And whero he would ask could they find a work so worthy tho most ordent aOfcctirns and dovoted efforts of man as the dilfusion of the ' Glorious Gospol of tho Blessed God,' which makes wisa unto salva' ion— is tho highest knowledge — the mightiest agancy, the truest source of light, joy, ricom, bealui, and dignity, which I reseats the reality of all that the vague mysterious instinct, of our nature are craving after — whioh pnsent« to turn who sosks individual pood— 4ho happine« - of.lhafamUv— the dream of the pliiUathroputojr ' pivlSot-rth't'sjittst w»J.U- attain kbo Uan-Htiaf,1 -- Bui raobui an ' pns«nt«d ' . «* ' claiming Vita ~ ?ymasthiM » fystsm of kkofUif»tb»' mi^hti'tat ' poisIWin th» extent and dv»U-2a of tta la'. - finance, whioh eztoadU to «U thtt ii comprised in' that iraat word, aalntion. - It rsoommoadod : tha continuing of tiuir effort* tot tha dLffujIot, of thu truth In ? spirit boooming all exertion/ biil especially spiritm*!' endeavour prayerfully ' anil it urged WsusUlnsd and oaweaned -eai~ neither cast down br the small rMult-s'of their a~ erfiom, nor elated by self-»*tirfwtioa, jn&kinj; previous success an exoiue for relaxation. Qa would crave their indulgence nhils ha said ?- few words on each of these topics, and first be '- would ask them to view tho Bible as a «ystam of ? knowledgo. Without presuming to enter fully on this vast quostion, he would contrast Sorip. ture truth witu-earthly scieneo in those partio'i Inrs from whiuh they, would soe how fur it transcends all earthly wisdom, even the raoatpre* tuntious ; 1st, its sublimity. It WMoat confined k 1 earth — to mau and manner* and social policy-, it wat not its crowning triumph to »-aroh earth's caverns, nor ocean's hidden depths — it did not ' merely wander among tho stars, and guess their solid bulks, and trace their orbits — it hsd't, loftier flight, a wider range ; it linked the earta and heaven — not merely bridged tho chasm nor spanned the rolling deep 1 it looked into too tomb of Christ and saw the linen wrappings lying there, and thence it soared to courts of light, and saw Jesus our Christ adored by all the hosts of heaven. It was not its proud exploit to convoy a thonght from continent to continent through thousands of miles of ocean 1 it ohowsd how the scarce breathed prayer of the poor penitent would 'ere uttered be wafted to th» tlirono oftho Eternal One, and quick respoms . be made. How a sigh, a look, a starting toar would awako immodiato excitement among tho angelic ranks, and make teu thousand thousand golden harps be struck. Viewing this truth u dealing with the mightiest subject, the Fath-r, Son, nnd Iloly Spirit— redemption with itj vast mysteries — time and eternity — Heaven and Hell— whaUys tern of knowledge oould ooiupcte with it in vastness and sublimity r Ho would next oontrast gospol truth with earthly Boienea in another particular — its cer tainty — this was a great essential, but in earthly knowledge this had to depend muoh upon tho teacher. He might deceive, might havo baio ends, or, fur tho mere pride of mental domina tion might core less for our holding a truj belief than for bur thinking as ho desired, or ho might be honest and conaoientioui, but him selt misled ; and then tho blind might lead tha blind into the ditch. And moreover then were certain warping tendencies, bl.ssinj; prin ciples, 'idols,' as our great philosopher, Lord Bacon called them, that distort our views, and furthermore a tendency to discover always what wo wish to boo Any on* who studied tho oiforts of the ancient Greek philosophers, moa of tho most giant intellects, of untiring energy and mighty earnestness, would aue how little certainty human reason most carefully employod oould attain. All that they got on the most im portant questions, in solving life's enigma, won a brilliant doubt or lumiium conjecture. But God, the author of tho Bible, was truth and bo hid taken infallible means to communicate His truth so that no orror might enter ia the transmis sion. Holy men spoke as thny were moved by the Holy Ghost. 'And further, the command to become as little children, to bow mookly wita implicit faith, saved UK from bias and preooa coived notions. He would uow compare scrip- - turo knowledge and aarthly wisdom 111 another, particular. A great tendenoy of thj ago was to tli3 practical. They did not now tolerats pon derous quarto) and folios that merely showed nuntal gymnastic*, subtle logio and fine laa guajo about matters usalesjs. Eton fio'ioa must ?aw a practical aim 1 'ana in our British Par liament the character of oratory was changed, tho nhilosophio disquisition, gorgeous pictures, koen analysis, fine flowing and clissio lly moulded p.irioli would not suit; the house which^ would tire of this would be rivetted tn . t-» plain merchant or mauufinturor with his array of facts and fljuros. Now in tho practical, how did this heavenly knowledge excel all' other F It truly wn» power. Other knowledge often gavo nothing but the prido of possos9ing : this purified, refined and elevated; other know lodge pulfed up, engendered strife and envying; this was pure, gentle, lovely, causing the angry passions to subside. Some knowledge brought sorrow ; as to the Christian reflective mind, history, observation, experience, self-oxaminn - must do. This brings a joy in the Holy Ghojr, a joy unspeakable and full of glory. He would now take somi instancos of the prac tical influence of Gospel' Doctrine. Here was the mau in shades of gloom, ia clouds of dark despair, scared, by dire shapes of doom, antt fearful sounds of nionacq ; but on this gloom i» brightness shone and a sweat voice bushed down those wild. alarms, and that dear face of Jesus smilod on his soul, and li^ht andjoy and pone* wore his. Did o'er philosophy effect as much? Here again was tho man of degraded tastes and vicious 'pleasures and basa pursuits — the drunkard, tho blasph'mjr— tha slavj of son» and pisjion. But he cams to know the only true God and Jesus Christ whom he hat uiit. Former pleasures wore no more satisfying ; and foul dabauch and godless revel and hasp excess ? wore all forsakon. The squalid wr*t oh, the com mon nuisanoj, tho post of the neighbourhood, was changed. Tho eyes lit up boforo with; hellish passions,. now fiowod with ponitential tears — the features on which each foul passion' stumpod itsolf, now told of pouitonco and grati tude and heavenly po.ico and joy. The man.'' wus now found clothed and in his right miud. —the legion of devils cast out. He bocamo - a fond husband— kind father — good member of society — dcout and constant worshipper at the House- of God. But they must not think th it because they wero not atheists, drunkards,' libortines, blasphemers, the Scripture, could do little for them. It wnuld rouse the dull — ataggor the confident — demolish the fortress of good works — swoop away the refuges of lies. Take the man who like Paul boastod of the law —whs skilled in creeds and doctrinos and would make him count them all as loss for the. excellency of the knowledge. of Christ Jesus our Lord. It woul.l taku tho bigotod sectarian: who narrowed down the glorious breadth of. Christianity to some point of doctrine or exter nal form— who oxalted things unessential almost boyond grand fundamental living truths. It- would open hi- eye, and warm hi-i heart — con- vince him that he know little of Christ's expan sive truth and make his heart yearn with sym pathy towards 1 10 whole family in Christ. He would lastly undor this head ask them to look at tho wider influence of gospul truth — to cast the tye back on times of mentul and moral black* ness, and see thero tho riot of humanity's worst elements, no truth— no love — no social good—: nothing but rampant unrolonting Bolfishness,. and then lot thorn contrast with this the prido of Christian lands — Asylums, Hospitals, In' firmines — departing slavery — advancing liberty and Bcienco that always follow tho leadings of tho truth. The laws that shield tha weak shelter the widow and protect tho orphan. All . that draws tighter human bonds, makes moro sacred the ties of earth. All that gives homo its sanctity and beauty— let them consider these, and ooknowlodgo tho power of tho transforming knowledge How swejt, silent and gentle, but. yet how strong in operation! Malice, revongo, ' and pride retirod — rank prejudices ceased — pas- sions that swept with fearful gust thu surface of Boeioty were liU3hnd whoro its power wis felt. . Lot them eontoinplats tho ohango Jesus' sacred truth, or orror rci^njd, and anticipate the days of Gospel promise whon the Gospel ban ner would bo raised on overy hill, and salva tion's son!; nscend from evory valley, and thon they might, though faintly, feel how glorious, that knowlcdgo which nurlo tho earth thus Bmilo, nuil loft hor joyful voice. Such, then, was Q.-i p 1 truth —whioh they were urgo 1 to assist in propagating. Thj resolution rocom lU'indc' thit. tlii* rfTirt. should bo ? madj in a prayerful spirit. Tho Christian knew the value of irayor, that no effort could auspiciously bo luadu that did not begin, continue, and termi nate with prayer. Prayer was tho bsL'over'e un failing support, snd refogo. It . carried him ^jy, from human weakness and fallibility of Judgment, ,»nrl 'drow him near to the source diriae' of wisdom and of power. As everything 00npa«4';*SUlV«iUBr'worki 'must Vfteny mew c»;twiv-a boso^m jntrddiieing liaafsK' Vnvi intdibejIpwWspjtae, J[-'r«)fer,;'Jb\iJ, lt»';rfln*' in: thicthat (t iokaoirUdirea aopeniencb'on 'GoA' ult&he;&J;&nlj; ^uidance, . foetifljj.'.pjul iuppoH, /brlbs JJaifiooompliflUjn^aVM . i^enren's own ?work. ?''? Be'rdT ^fte'$a'u\Were'expoie'd fao WDiinono1^odli9J)»8ga!n3tprajrerVbno.i'nrorccd ja tfia popular irWraturaof'tttVa'ay, Sjift r, hSsi'd . lomgtimM In . high Quarters, that ia calamity it tu cowardice and Ji-pOiiriayio,'iuvoke hoaven wbil- eoW VcUanco and aitiro oirorta should bo ,hi)W.l — o» if tUs Jtruo Christian did not ask poW'or to mako tlio effort, and a blessing upon JjiycientiouJ oxcrtion, without wliiali it would be ujjIms. Ho nUo exposed another fallacy — thotQud having foreseen all, and predetermined »U praypr could not possibly change his purpose, jndwua theroforo unnecessary. IIaving strongly urged them to fervent priiyor for kindling viowa of ttio.prioiouineas of Gojpol trutka, for guid ance; loal and strength, and for his Mussing on all the operations of tlio society. Th) Rnvd. Speaker wouud up by an earnest appeal calling on them by the glory of biblo knowledge, which ihoili flru eren a dull heart— by tho claims of God to have His glory published in this Hia highest record, by tho claims of perishing uin new whose awful interests might warrant a UttlBftBoriflce, by the plea that Jesus urges for lelf-dedication, and by the happiness and future progress and stability of Australia, and tbn re generation of tho world to continue) those efforts already ma lo, and to regard past sunaesi as a call to greater triumphs. The Rev.' Gentleman oonbludod by moving tho third, resolution. . . MrJ- G. S1- Wiso briefly secondod the rosolu tion; which, was put to tlio Mooting, and carried unanimously. .'.'?' A' collection was made; - during the per formance of appropriate musio. . jfr. J. 8. Hoite then rose to propose— ' That tho thanks of this Meeting bo uivon to the Ladies' Association, and to tho office-bearers of tliis Branch for' their servioes during tho past year ; and that the following be tho ofilac-bearers for the ensuing ;year -.—President — George' Busby, Esq-' Treasurer — Georgo F. Wise, Bsq. Se cretary — ftevd. J. B. Luughton. Commit tee .— irojsrs,1 Cooper, Horns, Murdoch, Oeloa, Parker, Pimiock, Stangor,- Stewurt, S«rootnam, and all Ministers of Religion who aro mombors of tho Society.' Mr. Stakoeb briefly secondod the resolution, nrgtng tho strenuous exortions of all conneoted with tlio Society in its bohilf. ' ? - ? A proposition by Mr. OitlOM that the words, 'with power to add to their number,' bo mad* part of this resolution, was adontod.'and tho resolution, thus amended, was carried »ei». con. ? Mr. G. F. Wise reported tho amount of tho collection just mado to bo £10 4s. 9d. — a con tribution' slightly in advance of that of last jut, but considerably lots than those of many preceding years. ? .'.?'? Ilia CiiiiESlix, having explained the ab trace of tho Clorgy of tho Wesleyun Donomtna tion, by their - unavoidable attendance at tho Annual Meeting of the Wfsloyan body in Sydne/i . ? '''...- The Bcvd. J. DouaAiX proposed — 'That tho thanks of this Mooting bo presented to Qoorgo Busby, E'q for his conduct in the chair, and for- his constant attention to ,t}w business of the 'Society.' Ma. Obtom begged to . second tho motion, whioti was carried with acclamation; - . Dr. Bronx hiving 'briefly roturnbd thanks, tho UoLotogy - was sung, and tha mooting separated. 