METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, Mav 17. ) Tho 'Queen's name is a tower of strength;' and a Malakhoff of a tower it ought to bo to keep tho facetiously fat Duko called after that fortification from j exploding with laughter at to-night's illumination of the Government offices while tho unfortunate inmates aro thinking of processional tapers, winding- sheets, coffins, and tho othor paraphernalia of iuterment bv this day weok. Since Charles V. rehearsed his own fnnnpftl ftt. Ynstft. fVinrn hno Knnn even thon ; for he made light of the gravo business, and chattered liko a cockatoo while it svas going on ; whereas our ministerial mummers are muto with apprehension unknown to tho royal undertaker. Yet they aro not altogether so dumbfounded as might bo supposed. Thero are ' good and safe men' of tho W. B. and Frail stamp, who think that the eoruscations of efful gent gas, flaming _ from Carlton and Conservative to night, are symbolical of something supplementary to allegiance io v .u. on nor -smn_ natal afternoon;— that the majority of ton last night in tho rcors is deserving of brilliant commemoration ; and that a blaze of' triumph respecting what may come off in another place, is not wholly impossible. Who knows ? Nobody ? nobody knows anythihg ; and therefore the newspapers' which reflect publio opinion, and consequently public ignorance, aro twica as oracular as usual ; and being wholly in error as to every thing that ha3 happened this weok, discourso with — -w.v .o uoouiuuu wui nappen next week; and tho public rejoico that an enlightened press is an institution of this highly irradiated country, tho condition of whoso Government testifies to its intel ligence. It might be thought, howevor, that journalism was a loBt art, or one practised only at raro intervals, to be hold the swarms that filled gallorios, lobbies, and approaches of both Houses of Legislature last night, in the midst of rain, swelter, crush, and confusion, instead of people quietly waiting till this morning, and readme ll,„ lm (kn .-? ? ? flro it should bo too to bo comfortable, 15th May though it is. To tho Commons tho commonalty brought their umbrellas ; and what with the hot air, and tho cold wot, and tho mud, and the flurry, and tho hurry, and the scurry, such a steam arose that Lord Charles Russoll, Serjeant-at-Arms, and his deputy, Captain Gossott, thought tbe Thamos had caught firo, and hollowed to tho police to put it out. Tho oonstables interpreted tho it to mean tho multitude, and accordingly tumultuously tumbled upon them, and expelled them pell-mell from tho members' lobby into the Octagon-hall. Hero, however, they were as sailed by the gens d'armeric of tho Peers, whoso pro ciocts wore also besieged like tho pit entrance to CoveDt Garden to-night ; and both the blue-coated brigades, combining their strength, ejected the many-headed ' monster into St. Stephen's hall, which tliey complotely I filled and n good portion of Westminster-hall too. Still, the crowd of privileged classos, people who have a sort of prescriptive run of the placo, were 60 immense, that you would think the little affairs of Messrs Grecnacre and Rush, or Mr Palmer, of Rugo.cy, or Miss Madeline Smith, of Glasgow, wore being inquired into; for it could hardly bo supposed so contemptiblo a concern ment as tho government of the country and the fate o' the empire would evoke such eagerness as to lead to the risk of rheumatism and a i-olka on one's corns. But what was tho meaning of all this conglomeration of curiosity-mongers ? It had no meaning, and as ' your true no-meaning puzzles more than wit,' tho assemblage of tho witless was beyond un derstanding. But didn't Lords nnd Commons understand why they had met? Vory few; but they thought they did, and that served tho pur- j poso of thoso who really did. Wasn't it the Canning proclamation anu tno jsiicnoorougn aispaicu : Fiddlesticks ! As if such people had a glimmer of a notion of such things, or wanted to havo. No ; the rationale of it is this : — Some sort of an India Bi 1 will bo somehow tumbled into Act of Parliament this session. Whoever is in will have the illimitable plunder and patronage springing therofrom at tho outset an opportunity of the outs coming in turned up through the elephantine gambols of Samson Affghanistes, minstrel of the Somnauth song ; nnd lo ! tho tribe of Lowo rush to tho ' looting' with an ardor only so disinterested an object can inspire such patriots withal. The flock follow tho bell-wethers, of course ; the heard outside follow tho Hock; and there is a bleating and lowing and a bellowing about what is being done and shouldn't be done inOudo, the subject itself being as mysterious as the chcmical composition of tho ICine of Oude's sauce, though nearly as piquant, but by no means as palatable ns that tittillating condimunt. Hence votes ofconsure and all tho rest of it; and bonce tho deter uiinuiion ui we resistance. Well, as to tho business in the Commons, there is no need to say much ; because what took place thero signified nothing, it bring known thero would be no division ; and a liouso that isn't divided against itsolf is no house at all iu tho eyes ofHayter, a Hayter being everybody in times liko these ! Tho judgmont on the clever Cardwell is, that liko most too-clevcr-by-half people, ho overloaded his subject and overproved his caso. Gladstone hasbeen called thePony Peel, Cardwell mnyb? called tho Pony Gladstone. But, in ono case the pupil ultimately far transcended the master, thoro being in Gladitono original powers 'the great parliamentary middle man' who 'traced tho steam-engine to the tea kettle' never possessed Whereas Cardwell is but a small Chinese copyist of his model, reproducing tho blemishes in Brobdignag and tho merits in Liilipu tremendously stupendous, his dates being always laid down with tho solemnity of Stamboul figs with the 'name of tho Prophet' preliminary; and the half frigid demi torrid air he puts on gives you the idea of a bachelor's kettle that never boils and won't leavu off simmering. However, ho seemed particularly pleased with himself, as ho always does ; nnd it is wonderful how far that goes in persuading Bome peoplo that they ought to be pleased with him too, especially when thero is a probability of the performer being ono of her Majesty's Ministers ero long. Solicitor- General Cairn's speoch is admitted to have been tho very best of its kind since tho Pacific* ono that first made Oockburn's fame, besides being a groat deal more natural and in far taoln T* lim olf-i-inrotVinr flrti Hamuli nrl Rnnnnrrrft. Whitesido as the Irish orator of tho Houso, demonstra ting to that adamantine lunged individual, it is to bo hoped, tho difference between rhetoric and rantipole, and that emphatic gesticulation doesn't necessitate Donnybroolc gymnastics, or the posturisings of an Obji baway. Tho opening of Lord John's rejoinder to Cairns, about the forensic complexion of his harangue recalled to mauy a rocollection tho precisely similar taunt addressed by Peal to C'ockburn tho memorable morning that preceded tho fall from the horso this time eight years. Shell fugaecs /—eight years; and he of whom Sir Robert then said ' Wa aro proud of him,' being then sixty-eight, is, after all sorts of reverses at tho hinds ol so voreign, senate, colleagues, and country, still' the indispensable man at seventy four, with a prospect of being ditto at eighty- four ; for there is no doing with or without him, which is the true proof of indisponsability. Turning to the Peers, tho real focus of attraction, be cause it was known the talk would be followed by a vote, the pressure upon every portal to tho gilded chamber was something pulverising to tho oquaro inch. Tho side galleries and tho compartments over the throno wero full of peeresses as on a Royal opening or prorogation day ; and the steps of the throne were orammed with peers' sons, in front of whom wero placed tho littlo Marquis of Lorn and tho less Lord Archibald Campbell, infantile offspring, iu Highland ntiire, of tho Duke of Argyll, who has the cruelty to bring hither those poor babes every timo he holds forth, instead of leaving them to taw-in-the-ring and peg-top, which woul 1 be quite as instructive and twice ns healthy as listening to the paternal parrot, in a raven voice, croak ing by the horn his noisy commonplaco, cuckooed from leading and misleading journals. Tho moment ho sits down, after his pound text performance, he starts up again, darts to tho bar, and hurries off with his pro geny, commits thom to the nurserymaids and lollypop matrons in waiting, and then wkisks bsck again, looking as though ho felt he had earned the right to bo perpetual Postmastor-General, and to bo al ways reciting them speeches. The first half-hour of tho sitting was consumed by poor Lord King ston. who is alwavs running about in a »eu. rnlgic St. Vitus' sort of fashion on the points of his toes, as if he wero haunted by the ghost of tho scoundrel Sidlier, who vampyrizod him so fearfully in the flesh. Not a word ho saidcould bo heard, or wodld be listened to if it could. Deaf to all hints, he went on, and would havo apparently gone on till now, had not Rodesdalo suddenly jumped up, and moved the second reading of something or other. Tho Chancellor, who had seemingly prompted the move, put tho question, with great laughter, fr«m the woolsack, Kingston staring all round ; when a friondly hand laid hold of his coat tail, and so brought the onco millionaire owner of Mitchelstowu Palace, tho Fonthill of Ireland, to his seat. CJp rose Shaftesbury, and all was still. Brandishing his most ecclesiastical pocket handkerchief, ho thrico blew his sacerdotal nose, like an apocalyptic cornet-a-piston, and began. He had everything to inspire him ; a . forest of crinoline overhead ; a wilderness of lawn sleeves before him, for there were four and-twenty bishops, all in a Ho spoko for nearly two hours, very well, but very weakly ; forcibly feeble ; iterating nnd reiterating the one idea, ovor and over again, according to platform precedent, using six words whore one would do, tho fivo last only impairing tho first. Two or threo times somo tittering on the Opposition benches much irritated him ; and put him out in his well conned lesson; hut ho thought of the saints, and submitted to tho martyrdom, and got through tho ordsal so successfully that when ho sat down Grey began violently patting him on tho back, like a spaniel that had brought in a particularly plump partridge, a demonstration of eccentricity singular oven in tho Crochclty One. Then followed Ellcnborough, speaking from the corner of tho cross bench farthest from tho throno ono of the finest speeches, in matter and manner, ever heard in the now houses at any rate, and they will be a tolerable sge beforo they hear the like again. Disdaining the per sonal trash, ho went straight to tbe pith of the business, showed that confiscation was confiscation, and that meant ruin, not to Oude, but to England, and that the only antidote was the policy of his dispatch. So ter ribly undiplomatic and startling a blurting out of truths was perhaps never listened to from any man in a similar position ; and his mode of delivering it — the massive eloquence, tho resonant voice, tho huge bulk of tho speaker, with his vast whito curly head like Lablacho's, tho dark gloved hand beating sledge-hammer time like an Har monious Blacksmith scattering showers of red hot iron round — at once fascinated and terrified. He spoke for about twenty minutes, not longer. But ho said uuuugu w luruiou iuuu iui ayuo ui Avuuuuuii. i ueru wab a good doal of talk afterwards : but it was only words words woids: not a word being worth romoaibcr ing, Derby's not excepted, for Ellenborough had left him nothing to say except to quiz tho prosers across the table, which ho did as Rupert alone knows how. The House broke up at one o'clock, some people thanking God for a Houso of Lords ; other people doing the other thing : and nobody knowing what to think of the hig gledy-piggledy everything was in. Among the extraordinary features of tho extra ordinary phenomena that all these complications present, not laast is the composition of the division list in tho Peers. How will your prophotic con temporary of tho Record, which has a private telegraphic wiro of its own laid on to Heaven, and is always receiving speciul messages from Providence as to why tho Leviathan didn t slip her cradles comforta bly, and why mundane cffects are traceable to celestial causes in re Yeh, and otherwise, account for the mystery that Shaftesbury, tho SpooneroftheHoroditaryChamber, implscable foe, of Romanism, should have for supporters notmerelytho Cuinmingites, tho Cameroniau Calvinists, the rigid and the straight-laced Episcopalians, Evange lists, and what not, but tho whole Papal peerage? ?N.nrl* nnrv nf tha Wiumm no who has closo relations belonging to that body, voted in person or by proxy for Shaftesbury— that is, for his papa-in-law, Palmerston. Thus we find the :Duko of Norfolk, (though he didn't get the promised Garter.) Arundell of Wardour, Camoys, Dormer, Petro, Fingall, Kenmare, Lovat, Stafford, Stourton, ond Vaux of Harrowden. Then thoro are the Earls of Gainsborough and Denbigh, ^fathers of the converts Lords Fielding and Huutirigtower;}Talbot of Malahide, brother of tho Popish Chamberlain ; Earl Spencer, brother of Father Ignatius ; Lord Sudoley, head of the Throckmortons ; the Duko of Lends, whose Duchess, like Buccleuch's and Hamilton's, has beon Vaticanizod, [but the Duko of Buccleuch, who eits as Karl ofDoncaster, voted for Ministers,] and Bcveral others of that sort, of course in cluding Granville, nephow-in-law to Cardinal Acton, and step-father to Sir John Acton, Bart., who is re lated to a wholo swarm of British and continental perambulators in tho FlaminianGate highway. Curious it would bo to know what can bo tho connecting link which Cambridge House furnishes between tho Quirinal on. tho one hand and Exeter Hall on the other, tlio ultra-montane obscurantists of Moorfields and Mr Wcsterton and the anti-wax-candleites of ' Hyde Park-corner? Seeleys, tho Shaftesbury pub lishers, have issued a book to-.lay showing that Russia and tho Jesuits aro working tho ruin of tho human race. The allianco is apparently not without parallel olsewhere, and the object of the entente eordiale perhaps not dissimilar, with tho exception that in the ono case both parties havo their oyes wido open, and in the other one of th- parties is stone blind. Other singularities attract us in tho division list. Tho censure poured upon tho bishops in respcct to their Chinese voto seems to havo aroused ut least somo right reverend fathers to a different way of thinking on an analogous subject ; and, accordingly, tbe Bishops of Bangor, Canliol, Chichcstor, LlandafT, Rochester, and Tuam (Plunkett.) voted with Ministers ; but, strange enough, Oxford, though he was present, and tho Lord Harry of Exeter, who both voted against Bowring and the lorcha bucanoering, did not vote at all now ; while tho Archbishop of York, the Bishops of Carlisle, Dorry, Gloucester, London, Man chester, and llipon voted with Shaftesbury, cither per sonally or by proxy. Oxford and Exeter both paired for Ministers, as did also tho Bishop of Salisbury; while the Bishops of Bath and Worcester pairod for Shaftes bury. Neither personally nor by proxy did Macaulay voto, merely pairing for Ministers ; though it was ex pected he would apeak on this ono particular question UK iu oiJuau. UJ1JU ; aau vuu that he would speak helped to crowd tho House. It is to be presumed now ho will never open his lips ; for when will thoro bo such an opportunity ? And so the sagacious gentlemen who waxed so wordy in tho news papers about the inestimablo contributions of Bab to the Indian discussions will havo been as prescitnt on that point as on most others, and tho public will go on as heretofore, thanking their stars for such lumina ries. Brougham gave his proxy to the Palmer stonites, as he dil in the Chineso affair : a comical commentary on his professions in the philo-aborigincs lins. In other respects thero are few names in tho minority one would not expect to meet there. The Sutherland clique, of course, mustered to a man, including inc .uukc oi ijcinster, wno seiaom taicos part in polities, even by proxy. Your old neighbor, Harrewby, and your young neighbor, Sefton ; Lord Ward, proprietor of Mr Robert Lowo, and Lord Radnor, proprietor of Mr Jas. Wilson, were also on tho samo side, Lords Ponsonby;[Bessboremgh] and Foley {brothcr- ia-law of Norfolk] being tho tellers ; tho Duko of Manchester and Lord Colville of Culross, being tellers for Ministers and the mnjority. Iu tho latter perhaps tbo most remarkable namo is that of Wellington, considering .that tho last act of Palmerston was to mako him I£.G. And not only did the Duko voto for Ministers, but, true to the great Eastern policy of his great fathor, ho fur nished ;from tho yet unpublished Indian dispatches a most telling oxtract to Ellenborough, who de livered it with infinite effect, adding ' that maxim is the basis ef my policy ' — tho talismanic namo of the immortal F.M. giving oven Argyll a spasm of modesty for the first time in his life. The Kilkenny eat brothers-in-law, Cardigan and Lucan, tosk the ono view of duty on this occasion, and voted for Ministers. So did the Marquis of Abercorn, whoso position as Groom of the Stolo to the consort is thought to sym bolize, tho opinious of tho Court, the Duko of Cain' bridge not voting. Another Field-Marshal did voto, and ono who certainly ought to know something about India, and is independent of Ministers, namely— Com- bermere. Tolerably extensive too ought to be at least the theoretical kuo;rloflf; of the same subject bv onn who voted the samo way, and i3 similarly independent, a vory mastorly historian of India and biographer of Clivo, Lord Stanhope. So again with the first Peor who uttored a vord of sense whon the nowj of tho Indian rebellion arrived horo, and who told us that his own warnings to Panmuro, concern ing tho approach of that catastropho, woro not only disregarded, but Dowb bade him not to whisper a word about it, as it would bo highly inconvenient to red- tape, and might disorganiso routine. Lord Melville, like Combermere, has had tho thankB of Parliament and tho Company for his ' indefatigable zeal and exertions' in Indian wars and Indian and England in connexion with India, namely, tho Affghan war, begun not only in false pretence, but by forgery of administration ; yet ho declares, by his voto last m-jht, that the way to lose India is to carry out tho Canning proclamation. So again with Lord Heytesbury, whom Sir R. Peel solected for Govornor-Gcneral, but who did not go out in consequence of the Melbourno Cabinet coming in. Tn Vnirklnno wnft fnr thn ti'mn wnnf A uolrlnnri Kit wr linen | hand, obedient to Macliiavelli brain afar off, wns wrought every evil that has sinco befallen India, official dis patches fabricating false pretences, as Cam Hobhouce, Lord Broughton [the Vernon Smith of 1835], could explain if he liked ; but lie doesn't liko, and contents himself with voting last night in opposition to Heytes bury, for roasons that perhaps need not bo further elucidated. Lord Hardinge being a Minister (Secre tary-at War), his vote, like that of El enborougb, is ntcessarily open to imputation of motive; otherwise tho son ol a lato Governor-General, and who had him self been soveral years private secretary to his father in that capacity,' and wont through tho Sutlej campaigns, might bo supposed to have somo regard for India, as well too ]as Lord Powis, great grandson of tho victor of Plassey ; Lord Amherst, son of tho famous Ambassador (? China, and Governor-Gstieral, and some others of like Anglo-Oriental antecedents. Certainly, if the division list is to bo appraised by ahe relative va uo of tho opinions upon India so represented, tho majority of ten very inadequately represents the ministerial preponderance ; for with tho exception of Ceylon Torrington, (learned in turnips and mangel-wurzell, and Lord Hunsdon, who sits as Lord Falkland, and was onco Governor of Bombay, there is no name iu the minority of the smallest practical weight on an Eastern question of any kind. Falkland, by tho way, figures twice in the list, both as a prosy and a personal vote. The absentees of ominence, or at least of notoriety, aro not numerous, but somo are remarkable. Lord A hor,1„r,r, waoin w.,11 .1. ... suggest that ho wouldn't mind doia? another littlo stroke of business 1'or the son of his ' friend of forty years,' should ho be 'sent for,' as is not wholly im possible ;— but didn't voto. Does this imply that Uard well doesn't exactly represent the Peelites in tho Com mons, and that'Gladstone, Graham, and Herbert will either go with Ministers, or not go against them ? Scarcely ; for Newcastle both spoke and voted against them, though why he should have got up to speak, considering tho little ho had to s»y, and the nothing that it was in that little, it is hard to imagine. Perhaps it was for tho opportunity of exhi biting that preposterous red beard h-S has brought home from the Crimea, and which he conti nues to p*rade with such charming taste as a souvenir to the nation of what it owes to tho ownoi' touching the green coffee berries, the buttonloss coats, the blan ketless beds, tho brainless everything of tho Balakltva era. Nothing can be more characteristic of that weak and puerile trait in the Duke's composition, so largely developed on so many occasions, though mixed up with many respectable qualities, than tho culture of this hir »»to excrescence, which would suffice to rig out a do taohment of baslii-bazouks with whisker, moustachi, and imperial, and stuffing for a couple ol sofas to sparo Opposite him, on the other side of tho house, sits Earl Talbot, with a corresponding enormity, only that while the duke's beard ', tbo ''Sari's board is black, that i', tho upper uk if, the lower moiety being white : — total, piebald, jomblematic of an equi vocal case in Chancery, say for tho Shrewsbury estates. Lord Lyndhurst was also presont, helped in to his seat, as he always has to bo , but, once seated, looking as stalwart as Dutch Sam, and nearly as hard a hitter. Tho aged forensio did not voto, but paired for Ministers ; another cx-Clianccllor, oi. .Leonards, voting lor tnem also ; thus making three with tho ono on the woolsack ; while Cranworth went with the Whigs ; thus, with Brougham's proxy, giving them two keepers of tho Sovoroign's eonseionce ; and Plain Jock figuring in tho same forensic rank. Tho Duke of Bedford* neither votod in person nor proxy. Docs that moan disapprobation ot Lord John's Cam bridge Houso compact, so much less dignified oven than the Lichfield Houso ditto, by which tho Hiber nian democratic tail upheld the British Wlsig head ? It must moan something certainly, for it is only a short timo ago that Woburn, Broadlands, aud Bowood were as one; and it is notorious that the Duke is as great an intriguer in his way in tho Upper House as that cousin-general to all theRussells, Groys, Elliots, and so f9«h in the Lower, Coventry Ellicoto wit. True, ho pairod with tho Whins: but that is uot the negative support he would give wero ho i i earnest. Lord John's father-in-law, Minto, who is bsginning to look nearly as old as his son-in- law, hobbled down, aud voted for improving tho Finality prospects of his relative, as did likewise Lord John's step-son, Lord Ribblesdale ; but only by proxy, it being inconvenient for that outerprising young nobleman lo appear in person, for reasons that will occur in ill regulated families. Dalhousio had the decency to abstain from voting, or rather thoso who held his proxy had tho dccency to abstain from using it on such a motion. So with Normauby, which is unaccountable, seeing all ho has had, per self and son, from Palmer ston, aud that there is a prospect of further pickings. Rather straugo, likowiso, that tho Duko of Marl borough, who, as Marquis of. Blandford, was a groat Shaftesburyite, did not voto for tho motion ; nor did tho Duko of Portland fbrother of Lord Georgo Bentinck, aud who, therefore, ought to bo a strong Disraelito) voto against it. Eight dukes voted for Ministers — nine, including Buccleuch, Earl of Doncaster. Six dukos voted against, or eight, in _ eluding Argyll, who sits as Lord Sundridgc, and Leinster, who sits as Viscount Leinster. Such is a sufficiently close analysis of this rcmark ablo list on this remarkable occasion. It shows that tho disruption of political fealty to lcadors and to traditions, as oxhibitod out of doors and in tho Lower House, has thoroughly permeated tho Corinthian oruur, auu mat party mere is last oecoming a rope ' of sand. How will it be whon Derby is gone, when Kllenborough has passed away ? when tho battle shall be between the frogs and the mice? when even no onger shall ' the vulture rub whero onoa the eagle reigned?' and whan the master spirits of tho arena shall be those twin cousin mediocrities, the vestry- I minded Granville, and that garrulous small podagoguo, I Dominie Argyll ? Louis Blanc, Louis Blanc, what I sort of ' History of Ton Years ' will your next decade be ! 