IPSWICH. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. THE past week has been marked by a little change from the dull monotony of the previous one by two events, in them- selves of considerable import in their character, the one the opening of a Me- chanics' School of Arts to the public of the town and district, and the other a meeting of the inhabitants on the subject of Separation. The first is calculated under good management to be productive of beneficial results in affording means for innocent and instructive recreation, as well as promoting intellectual culture amongst the operative classes. The latter is merely another impetus given to the movement we have all so long been en- gaged in, and it is to be hoped will not be without its effect in hastening that consummation of our wishes which has been so long deferred. The meeting was addressed by the several proposers aud seconders, but the arguments havo been so thoroughly ventilated that the speakers had nothing new to advance except, that it appeared from information obtained by Mr. B. Cribb, the member, that there is a party now in England who are endeavoring to obtain separation with a nominee government, endeavoring to impress the Colonial Secretary with the notion that they represent the opinion of the majority of the northern districts. The School of Arts was opened by the President, Mr. Benjamin Cribb, who gave a short address, and then introduced Mr M. Thompson, solicitor, of Ipswich, one of the Committee, who would deliver tlio first lecture to the members. The attendance was very good, but we regret- ted to see so few of the fair sex present, only eight ladies attended. We under- stand the privilege of granting twelve free admissions to ladies was accorded to the lecturer, but the fact of the learned gentleman being a bachelor, we presume the natural bashfulness attached to celi- bacy occasioned a diffidence in the exer- cise of the privilege. The subject chosen was exceedingly inappropriate to the ob- ject and design of a Mechanics' Institu- tion, it being neither an opening address nor a dissertation on any acknowledged science, but merely the now old and ex- ploded theme amongst scientific charla- tans and mysterious mountebanks, the prince of humbugs, mesmerism. The lecturer gave the ideas and doctrines which Reickenback, Mesmer, and other dreamy visionists, tried to erect into a science, and his own views coinciding therewith, but I think ho failed to con- vince his audience or create a single con- vert to a science created out of nothing, governed by no fixed laws, standing on a baseless fabric, and which, if it were true, is tinged with a coloring of impiety in imparting to man divine attributes. The lecturer attempted to show that mesmerists possessed the power of control- ling the minds of persons whom they had put into a sympathetic state, to their own will ; of being able to divine the secrets of people's former lives, besides the power of prescience, and depriving their subjects of the power of memory, so as even to make a man forget his own name. The lecturer went a little too far when he claimed for his science the power of heal- ing by touoh, and gave an instance of his having once cured a man's toothache by merely putting his finger on his cheek. If these are tho attributes of mesmerism, perhaps the mesmerists will next claim their power as derived from apostolic con- sanguinity. I should not be at all sur- prised at any theory started by those who in the 19th century, in their calm and sober senses, before an audience of en- lightened views, boldly state their be- lief in these unestablished dogmas ; and that their " thought-reading" and intercourse with the spirit world, al- most induced them to believe in ghosts. After the lecture the audience were in- vited to submit themselves to be operated on, and some sixteen subjects were speedily ranged in a magic circle, round which the operator perambulated, and with mysterious passes and manipulating an- tics, endeavored to throw them into the first or comatose state. For some twenty minutes the opetator was engaged in smoothing the greasy pales of his patients, creating what he termed the " ordile" or magic fluid, which was to bend them to his will, until the time came when the re- sult was to be apparent. Unlucky opeia tor, 14 walked off the platform, not with extended digits from nasal protrubeiance, but with knowing and sly winks, as they demonstrated that there was no " sympa- thetic ectasy" between them and the mes- merist. Two unlucky wights chose to remain, and one, Tom Towell, whether willingly, in joke, or involuntarily, cer- tainly allowed himself to be stuck about in uncomfortable attitudes, but the opera- tor failed to make him believe that a tumbler of water he gave hiin was fine Old Tom, or that a second tumbler of the same harmless fluid was sparkling ale, although he said the color was red on sud- denly opening his eyes. The time oc- cupied was twa hours and a-half, and al- though I cannot say that the time was ill-spent, as it served to amuse, yet the learned gentleman it is hoped will, ere long, give the institution the benefit of his erudition in some subject more congenial to the tastes and mote advantageous to the minds of a reasonable audience. ACCIDENT TO Mr. A. MACALISTER. Wo regret to learn that when returning home, about three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, Mr. Macalister was thrown from his ¿orso with considerable violence. Dr. Lucas was summoned, and promptly in attendance. The injuries sustained wore the fracture of tho collar bone, and the acromion process of tho scapula. From enquiries made last evening, woe learn that Mr. Macal ister 's symptoms were oon sidered favourable, and that ho will pro- bably be convalescent in a few days. TriE BREMEN, AND BRISBANE.—The continued freshes in these riveis have somewhat delayed tho operations of Mr. Roberts in removing the obstacles of nftY)ßB$on,TriY«;töl^Kff^ßffoftr ,4¡r 