ALDERSHOT, AND SOMETHING ABOUT IT. We have a great aversion to the literary effusions of those ladies, who, presumes on the very questionable doctrine ' of Dogberry, that " reading and writing come by nature," abandon knitting and crochet to give birth to books, which they do with a frightful rapidity, rapid in proportion to their inability to reason, to subdue their image nation, to corrupt their judgment, and to pen a decent sentence. Our readers will believe us when we say, that we devour with delight the pleasant readable volumes of Mrs Marsh, the somewhat exciting novels of Mrs. Gore, the curious. works of Mrs.Jamie»on,thospirited books of Miss Martineau, and the stories so life-like and true to nature as those by the Authoress of The Brother's Wife. We wish that we could honestly say that we thought Aldershot, and all About it, penned by an imaginary Mrs. Young' In that knowing style which we al was regard as most objectionable, equal to any work penned by the authors we have mentioned; but while we throw ourselves, heart and soul, into such works as a The Heir of Redclyffe The Daisy Chain,' and I The Brother's Wife,' stories which are not true, we are in clined to fling down in disgust an account of Aldershot and its neighborhood, which we are sorry to say that to a certain extent we believe it true. 11 Mrs. Young has evidently studied the best book of that disreputable ruffian, ' Joe Miller ;' and she has not taken a hint from Sydney Smith, who stated that guns were the very lowest form of wit; nor has she considered the just remark of Swift, "that after all her boasted acquirements a woman will, generally speaking, be found to possess less of what is called learning than a common school-boys." She can hardly write one sentence without indulging in the most unhappy pans old enough now tone decently buried in oblivion. Frequently she rushes along carelessly enough to excite the anger of the ghost of Lindley Murray. occasionally describes buildings, though ignorant of the terms and laws of architecture, deals flippantly with archaeology and antiquarian lore, and, in order to render them the more interesting to the general reader. making statements which any one who possesses the slightest knowledge of history must discover to be, in many cases, grossly incorrect. We do not imagine that Militia Officers have ever felt sufficiently graceful to " Mrs. Young for her unhappy work, which she evidently i mag- in-a (mistaking intense vulgarity for wit) to be a most humorous publication -a second Peter Feiglins.' They are depicted as a tipsy rape, reclining at night in ditches until awoke in the morning at gun fire, throwing crackers down chimnies, setting huts on fire, emptying the contents of the quarters wells, rolling about the " Bush j Inn" at Farnham in and for a, . talking scandal at mess and in j ball-rooms, singing improper songs in Officers' guard huts, much to the amuse- ment of men on guard the lonely sentry, i travelling always in uniform, and spend- j ing money right and left everywhere j intensely popular, of course, with pretty I barmaids at the " Bush Inn" and else- j where-and shop-keepers, who are said to prefer their long purses to the shorter j ones of their less fortunate brethren in the Line. It is strange that we read nothing about the games QC hide and- I seek" which are played with bailiffs i writs and debtors' prisons ; but these are I unpleasant matters, which are probably reserved for a sequel to the work on a Aldershot. We are quite convinced that no lady ever witnessed such seen- I famous scenes as these, grossly sag- j gerated to suit the tastes of silly dress- makers who pore over the pages of the i 'Family Herald;' and, to take a charitable view of the vase, suppose that it proceeds from the pen of an infatuated Officer, who calls himself" Mrs. Young" by way of a pleasant hoax, under which nomine de guerre he may romance as he pleases, and be readily excused the while, as a lady, for writing inaccurately, and for boring the reading public with intolerable rubbish. Our readers will forgive us if .-. e speak harshly of a foolish back, but we can- not regard such a publication as this which is not unfortunately dull enough to be harmless-as anything but a very serious evil. The army is not such a disreputable profession as .' Mrs Young" would have it appear and there are Subalterns in the Army and Militia named Smith, if you please-who, albeit unknown to the " Row," by whom our fashionable Authoress is perhaps too well known, could produce a work far more creditable to themselves, as well as to the Service, than ' Aldershot and all About it. There are Officers in the Army (we could name some who study architecture some are good isthmus, others are as devoted to the study of Antiquities as Albert Way. A few learn the use of the pencil and brush under Copley Fielding and one we know copied so exactly a work of Fielding's that the master put carefully away the production of the pupil, believing it to be his own, I J and, when told his error, implored that the copy should be kept in the back- ground until the original had been exhibited. Every Military Draughtsman, Architect, Antiquary, and Historian must regret that such a very respectable publisher as Mr. Routledge should have been induced to undertake the publication of such a foolish bo jk as that by " Mrs. Young." We have no intention of attempting to describe minutely " Aldershot, and all about it," lest we should f iii as egregiously as " Mrs Young," but will content ourselves with saying something about it. In our opinion the Camp at Aldershot may be considered up to the present no need a perfect failure. The i site selected was a bad one. Move the South Camp but a little way towards Guildford, and it would then crown p Thorn hill and the surrounding heights, and be a little farther removed from marsh and its concomitant fever. Move the North Camp a little nearer towards Ash, let it lie around the sity of the present hospital, and the same object will be gained. The trains at Aldershot is bad, apart ja^.'.u^**°t tait it possesses very largely the p'rflp'erties of iron, and is affected by what is termed a a ground soak," both of which tend to give it an unpleasant taste. Noir the water which supplies Farnham is, we believe, the very purest in England and not many years ago a plan for carrying water from the basin at Parnham, to aid in supplying London, was very seriously contemplated. Surely, if it was a matter of question whether water should not be conveyed to London, a distance of some forty miles, it does seem strange that nothing has yet been done to carry pure water some two or three miles in order to supply a large Camp, which, to the best of our belief, must be a permanent one, in order to repay in any measure the tremendous sums which have been expended upon it. Look at the Curragh, and see how well a Cirap may be supplied with water from a distance which in the case of a large fire alone would prove invaluable. Everything at Aldershot has been and is done by contract. The contract huts are uncomfortable, the OFficers quarters being little larger than the abominable kennels at Chatham ; the locks of the doors will not turn the windows were not made to shut, some of the graves are not fastened into the fire-places, none of which are adorned with mantelpieces, hall the stoves in the huts are craike J, and the guard huts are alive with vermin. Many of the huts leak, and an Officer who is foolish enough to paper his quarters discovers, that his paper in a few days has, owing to the contraction and expansion of the boards, cracked to pieces, and is no protection against the roaring wind which shows its determined hatred against the candles provided by Government, by blowing the flame very rudely about, while the very tilation need not be termed by such a lofty title, as it is perfectly useless. It would be dangerous, us Dr Guy remarks in his valuable Lecture on " The Mortality of the British army, which we lately noticed, to attempt to carry ventilation into such a confined space as is all fitted to our men at present in the barrack-room. Dr. Gay is aware, he says, that soldiers are in the habit of stopping up all the ventilators with corks, and allows that this is by far the safest plan to pursue. The air in the huts at federal seven up to the hour of ten a.m., is very close and foul ; we doubt if a candle could be made to burn is one of them at an early hour in the morning. in summer time the hats are unbearably hot, and in winter intensely cold ; the stove, if a large Art is kept up in them, soon get red-hot ; it is quite impossible to maintain! a moderate and equable te uperature. Now, we have not only contract hate, as inferior to the huts erected by the Sappers at Chat ham as the cottage of the peasant is to the palace of the Prince, but contract road', contract drainage, and eoiUriot Commissariat. The soldier at Aldershot is taught nothing which he could not learn quite as well at Cork, Dublin, Edinburgh, Chatham, or London and is subjected at the same time to a far greater amount of inconvenience. There are butchers in every Regiment who might kill, bakers in every Regiment who could take and labourers well qualified to drain, under the superintendence of the Sappers; while the in are carpenters in every Regiment who, if drafted off in the first instance to aid a tolerable body of Sappers, in An have turned out a far more decent Camp with huts really 'Regiments, are., at one half the original coats The contract system and he bane of the British Army; and until it is in a great measure swept away we shall never he really fit to play go into along, 1 campaign, nor shall we ever know what j a truly useful body of men our soldiers might, with a little I pining, be made. The trade of every man who enlists is entered in the Officers squad-book, but excepting in the case of siioemikersaud , tailors, what advantage do we derive I from all these useful trades We drill the cleverest workman from morning till night, do everything for him which he ought to be able or ought to learn I to do for himself, and then open our mouths, cow like jackdaws, write Blue ! books, and wonder how it is that he believes in the Army his old ingenue y and the love of one independence. Nor . can we comprehend how it is that the gallant veteran is almost compelled, as a pensioner, to end his days as a coates monger, a beggar, or a thief, The men at Aldershot may be said to be totally unprovided with out-door amusements. In the village of Alder- shot there are about eighty beer ah yes, four or five taverns, a concert hall, and some casiuuB, while more than eighteen beer shops have sprung up upon the Farnham road. N<jAta.vu, which is a new village in the vicinity of the Camp, may be said to be composed of houses alternately gerung a-3 beer shops and brothers ; while there is many a poor prostitute.hnlf-BtiirveJ and badly dressed, whose only home at night is the ditch of the Rsdoubfc. There are many things at Aldershot which cry loudly for Qoyeruiqeut inquiry, but we should not feel justified in parading half of what we have seen, nor one quarter of what we know in the columns of this Gazette. Naval and Military Gazette. 