GOSSIP OF THE WEEK. The festivities and sporting reunions of the past fort- night occurred very opportunely to supply the vacuum so generally felt by newspaper contribution from the non- arrival of the tardy "Emeu." A total absence of any- thing like the news was getting to be a universal complaint; and the intelligence of reporters was severely taxed to find the usual complement of matter for the edicication and entertainment of the public. Balls and dinner parties were postpones, sports of all kinds, picnics and pleasure excursions, matches and merry meetings were only in an- ticipation, and it was necessary to look at the coming events through the magnifying glasses of the imagina- tion to be able to dilate upon them at any length. The extraordinary rotundity of some obese bullock; the pecu- liar advantages of the sorghum saccharitum, or the gi- gantic dimensions of seine unwieldy cabbage, formed subjects for lengthy paragraphs; while the "Sea Lion" in the Market was n perfect godsend, and the Ghost of Ulladulla, was celebrated in prose und verse. Even our own Correspondents were compelled to enlarge in "fast" language on the misadventures of a "bus" or the perversity of a cabman, in order to relieve their commu- nications from the dreary monotony of Land Bill dis- cussions and electoral Effervescences. News was at a premium, and curses, not loud but deep, were connected with the mention of the Mail Steamer, many asserting their belief that she had "broken down", while not a few added that she ought to be " broken up". As, however, all extremes meet, this fearful famine was succeeded by a proportionate feast of intelligence, and the papers have since been filled with reports of gala days in town and country. Races, regattas, and sporting meets have been the order of the day. The fat bullocks have been duly sacrificed to the deity of the season, and the cabbages have accompanied rounds of beef to the festive board, the ghostly spirit of the Ulladulla territory has been effectually laid by the more potent spirits who hold their sway at this time of the year, and amid the records of jollity and enjoyment, even the "Sea Lion" has lost his hold upon the public imagination Apart from report of a convivial nature there is not much matter of moment to discuss this week. The year 1858 has been marked by the assemblage of a large number of the belles of Sydney "on Change", in which occasion a good deal of business was effected in smiles, blushes, and tender negotiations. Canvassing has commenced on all sides for the repre- sentation of the numerous constituencies, and candidates have as usual published statements of their political opinions, carefully worded so as to suit all parties. In- dependent electors at present have exhibited an alarming amount of apathy, but as the battle day draws nigh, we may hope for the infusion of a little more life into their proceedings. Now or never is the time for patriots to signify their dissatisfaction at the measures that have been brought , forward in opposition to the interests of the country; and by a careful and judicious selection of members for the ensuing parliament, to shew their sense of the responsibility of the charge committed to them. If we would conscientiously avoid the absence that have been so prominent during the past session, we must study the politics character of the men we are about to return, and be guided in our selection not by the mere expression of sentiments in acorance with our own, but by the ante- cedents in public and private life of those who would secure our votes. The important bearing upon the progress of the colony of the two great questions which are now agitating the minds of the mass — Electoral Reform and the Land Ques- tion in the present crisis of the country cannot be too seriously studied. It is the duty of every person who has a vote to satisfy himself as to a proper adjudication of those important interests before he decides upon "The man for Galway." Among the different meetings that have taken place this week we note the twelfth monthly meeting of the Australian Horticultural and Agricultural Society, which was held at the Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday last. Sir William Donell in the chair. Some very interesting specimens were exhibited, and several reports on Agri- cultural and Improvement Societies read by the chair- man. The Cumberland Agricultural Society held their first meeting at Collingwood on Wednesday and Thursday last, a report of which we have given in another place. At the School of Arts a lecture was given by Mr Frank Fowler on the 4th instant, on the Works, of Douglas Jerrold, which was largely and fashionably attended. This gentleman is an active candidate for the represen- tation of the city. The bazaar for the benefit of St Vincent's Hospital, the residence of the Sisters of Charity, will be held in Hyde Park, in a large wooden building now in course of erec- tion; an alteration in the arrangements which will be bailed with pleasure by those who recollect the difficulty of making the nor' west passage through the market to George-street on the last occasion. The theatres this week have been marked by no par- ticular changes except at the Prince of Wales, where, by a stroke of his magic wand Professor Kohler has changed the performances from tragedy and comedy to farces of a very novel order, and has shown a decided proficiency in the art of turning rings and watches into turtle doves, and of producing plum pudding and packs of cards from the empty hats of gentlemen in the side boxes. At the Victoria the principal attraction has been St Clair of the Isles, a very successful representation, from the excellence of the acting, which comprised the whole strength of the company, and the very appropriate dresses and scenery. The amusing extravaganza, the Enchanted Isle, has also had a good run this week. The comic sayings and infinite humor of Messrs Stewart, Howson and Co, with the lively acting of Miss Hart and her attendant nymphs have as usual elicited roars of laughter. We observe that this afternoon a second day performance will take place at the Victoria, of which the play bill reading por- tion of the public will no doubt be duly informed by the customary filming specimens of the literature of large type and the poetry of the pastepot. The darkies have not been doing quite such a heavy business at the Lyceum this week, although they still continue to intro- duce a succession of now songs and ballads, and to exert themselves to keep up the success that they have so justly merited. We miss, however, the broad grin and genuine humor of Dave Carson, who was certainly the best " Bones" that has appeared in any company of seerenaders within our recollection. Two inquests have been held this week by Mr J. S. Par- ker, the city coroner. On Tuesday, at his office, on the body of a seaman named George Spain, aged 28 years, a native of Canterbury, England, who was killed by the accidental falling of a log of cedar while assisting to discharge the schooner Flirt, lying at the Baltic Wharf. And on Wednesday, at the Sugar Loaf Inn, Camperdown, on the body of Philip Hogers, a native of Essex, in Eng- land, aged 26, who met his death from contact with the wheel of the cart he was driving while endeavoring to stop the horses. A verdict of accidental death was re- corded in both cases. We have also to record the lamentable death on the 21st ult. of a man named Thomas Seambrey from the effects of a gunshot wound. At an inquest held by the city coroner in the beginning of the present week a lengthened investigation was entered into, which resulted in the committal for wilful murder of one James McDevitt who will take his trial at the next Criminal Court. The examination of several witnesses who reside in the neigh- borhood of Market- lane, the scene of the fatal occurrence, admits no question of the guilt of the prisoner, though a doubt has been expressed as to his sanity at the time he committed the act. The provocation appears to have been that the wife of the prisoner, who is a woman of most intemperate habits, was harbored, and supplied with the means of gratifying her passion for drink at the house of the deceased. No mail has yet made its appearance, though we have received by a sailing vessel two days' advance upon last week's foreign and home intelligence. The monetary state of the English market was very alarming. The Bank of England has raised the minimum rates of dis- count to 7 per cent, and the banks throughout the country were besieged for money. The price of consols and all other public securities had fallen from three to four per- cent. Bankruptcies were announced every day, and panic and terror prevailed among commercial men. Subscriptions to the Indian Relief Fund ad amounted to more thnn £130,000. Nothing of a positive nature had transpired in connec- tion with the fearful tragedy at Waterloo Bridge, and the whole affair is yet involved in the deepest mystery. Cholera is said to have broken out at Stratford, and seventeen cases had occurred. A tremendous explosion of the magazine at Judpore had been notified in a letter to the Scidian of August 16th, which had caused the deaths of 1000 persons. The destruction of the place and the demolition of 500 houses was the result of an electric shock. So much for home news, of which we may now hourly expect a full budget by the Simla. It may not be amiss to remark that the mail, per Co- lumbian, closes on Monday next, at 9 a.m., and that re- gistered letters will not be received after 4 o'clock this day. 