\- ' 'BOYAL. • , .THB, CttttEMONY. the Bride paases up to the altar she Stops and makes a deep reverence 10 tier Mother,'though with evident agitation j thehVagainturning, she renders the same houibge to the Prince of Prussia,: As she dobs do the bridegroom elect advances; and, kneeling on. one knee, presses her hand, * Taking their places then at the altar, tW "setvice icommenceB "with a chorale, which peals through the little building with the most solemn effect. The hymn over, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury takes his place in the centre of the altar, and assisted by the Bishop of London, as Dean of the Chapel Royal, the Bishop of Oxford, as Lord High Almoner, th6 'Bishop of Chester, as Oierk of (he Cldset, the Dean of Windsor, as Domestic Chaplain, and the Rev. Dr. Wesley, as Sub- Dean of the Chapel Royal, the marriage service is commenced exactly at ten minutes to one. The Rubrio is rigidly adhered to throughout. After going through the usual formulary, the Most Rev. Primate, who was very indistinctly heard, asks the Royal Bridegroom—" Wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance, in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her. comfort in her, honour, and keep her in sickness and in health ; and, in forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live!" To this the Prince replies loud and <;lear,"I will." To the same question, the faint answer of the Bride is barely audible, though the attention of all is strained to the utmost to catch the feebly uttered words. To the next—" Who giveth this woman away ?" The Prince Consort replies loudly, "I do." Then the Prince takes his Bride's hand in his own, in earnest warmth, and repeats elowly and distinctly after the Primate— " I, Frederick-William- NicholaS'Charles, take thee, Victoria-Adelaide-Mary-Louisa, to my wedded wife, to love and to hold from this day forward, for be-.ter for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth." Again, in reply, the words of the bride are almost lost, and she seems faint, and tremulous enough to excite uneasiness among her ladies. The Prince then, taking the ring from his brother Albert, said with marked emphasis—" With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow; in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." At the moment the ring was placed on the Bride's finger, a silvo of artillery, arranged by signal, reverberated through the corridors and chapel; and at the same instant a telegraphi c message was despatched to Berlin, where a similar salute was to mark the event. The usual prayer was then offered up, and the Primate joining their hands together, said, " Whom Cod has joined let no man put asunder." The psalm, God be merciful unto us »nd bless us," was then sung. Then the royal couple knelt, with all the bridesmaids, while the rest of the ceremony was proceeded with, the Bishop of London, in a clear and distinct voice, reading the exhortation. At the concluding words, the " Hallelujah Chorus"— " Hallelujah! for the Lord God Omnipotent reigmeth. " The kingdom of this world has become the kingdom of our Lord, and of His Christ: and He shall reign for ever and ever. "King of Kings, and Lord of Lords. Hallelujah"— rose loud and clear, with thrilling effect. Hardly had the last words of the chorus died away in solemn echoes, when the ceremonial as arranged by chamberlains and heralds, ended; and the Bride turned and embraced her Mother—who, during the singing of the " Hallelujah," had sat' as still as a statue—with a suddenness and depth of feeling that thrilled through every heart. Again and again Her Majesty strained her to her heart and kissed her, and tried to conceal her emotion, but it was both needless and in vain, for all perceived it, and there were few who did not (hare it. We need not mention how the bridegroom embraced her, and how, as she quitted &imi; with the tears now plainly Qnljag down her cheeks, ehi threw •herselHnto-the -arms -ofher -"father^ ^while 41 t^at^i^the^ Between tjie hnflegroom .and Jiis royal father iibt less affecting was the recognition. ; The Queen then.rose, and, hnrrying across hautpat with the.Prince Consort, em* bpaced the PrinceBB of Prussiaasione sister would another after long-parting, and, turning .to the Prince of Prussia, gave him her band, which as hestooped to'kiss she stopped him, and declined the conde^ scension by offering her cheek instead: But words will feebly convey the effect of the warmth and friendship with' which these greetings parsed, the reverence with which the bridegroom saluted Her Majesty, the manly heartiness with which he wrung the Prince Consort's hand. After a few minutes had been allowed for the illustrious personages to recover their composure, during which the bride again lost hers, while she received, with all the affecting warmth of a young and attached family, the congratulations of her brothers and sisters, the procession left the church, the bride leaning on the right arm of the bridegroom." There was ho mistake about the expres? iion of the bride's face as she quitted the sacred building: her delicate colour returned, her eyes brightened with emotion. Even the most reserved felt moved, nnd an audible "God bless her," passing from mouth to mouth, accompanied her upon her way. The procession of Her Majesty then passed to the throne room in the same order in which it entered the chapel, and again re-assembled in that chamber. Here, in front of the massive throne on which have sat in state so many of our monarchs, a splendid table was set out/on which lay the register. As the dignitaries of the church returned to the throne-room this was attested in the usual form. An immense number of illustrious and noble individuals had the honor of signing this document, and we apoend the order and arrangement in which the actual members of the royal families who did so affixed their signatures after those of the bride and bridegroom :— " Alice. " Albert, Prince Consort. " Prince of Prussia. " Augusta, Princess of Prussia, Duchess of Saxony. " Leopold. " Victoria, " Albert Edward. " Alfred. " Alice. " George. « Mary Adelaide." Every person present was presented with the " marriage service," beautifully printed in red and gold, and bound in white and gold. 