VICTORIAN MOTIVE-POWER. To the public, i.e. to my fellow-colonists of Australia, in general, but of Victoria, in particular. (Per favour of the Sydney Morning Herald.) Friends, enemies, and neutrals ; by the first I mean some few, who are such emphatically, and who, if my gratitude should ever become negociable, will assuredly be rich, and a large number of first-class colonists, whose friendly acquaintance I have been privileged to cultivate, in New South Wales, since 1830 ; in South Australia, since 1889 ; in Van Diemen's Land, since 1842 ; and in Victoria, since 1850. By the second, I mean such (if there be any) so narrow minded as to have been influenced by jealousy, to dread the success, and by meanness now to exult in the failure (i.e., comparative, but decidedly not total failure) of an ardent if humble votary of science in pursuit of an object, which if it had been achieved, would (and if yet should be achieved will) benefit mankind beyond almost every discovery that has preceded it, since the creation of the world. By the third term, of course I mean those only (but are they few ?) who aware of my aspirations and endeavours, have been utterly indifferent about them, and have deemed it quite beneath their dignity to afford assistance, or even their encouragement so far as to say God speed, to a fellow mortal aiming at something great, who might beoome either a blessing to the world, according to his hopes; or, might ruin himself and be blighted in his ambitious but not ignoble aspirations - ("What, was it to them?" What, to those who cared nothing about him, and precisely as much, about the whole human race, except their noble selves !) Having thus explained lo tobom I address myself j t will proceed as explicitly as I am able to state, that which I wish to impart to the only two classes interested, viz. : the scientific, and the unscientific. With respect to the subject understood by the above heading; trusting that by men of intelligence, allowance will be made for the awkwardness of communicating with the public, on a subject to a certain extent private. That the details of this subject must of necessity be withheld from the public, must be palpable, the intention being avowed of acquiring patent rights but as they (unfortunately!) will not be applicable to the whole, nor even to the one most important part of the matter, this is no reason why the undersigned should should not communicate freely with his friends, new and old (he means "with all who know him," whom he is resolved to view as such) on that part of the affair in which he has not as yet succeeded ; but is so far from wishing that no one else may succeed that he will be delighted to afford all the assistance in his power to any person whateverto do for the world that which he aimed at doing, but is at present unable to accomplish - to aid others in doing that for the benefit of society which, single-handed, as to brains, and especially as to capital, "he may be unable to effect ; but which he is still under the impression that it may be not impossible to accomplish"-- and that is, in one word, "the conversion of one of the greatest powers in Nature (that by which Stevenson raised the great tubular bridge across the Menai Straits, and Brunel at last launched the Leviathan), viz., "of hydraulic pressure into propulsion." To effect this object, and to render the machine or engine automatic, and therefore as applicable to locomotive carriages on railroads or common roads, by the use of the most ponderous of fluids, mercury ; as to vessels by the use of water, has been (and still is) my ambitious aim ; and if it may be effected at last, cheaply indeed would such glorious objects be purchased at the cost of even many thousands ; whereas the humble votary of science, whose hopes have aspired to a height certainly never exceeded by those of mortal man as to becoming instrumental to the benefit of the human race, is restricted in his desired experiments and investigations by funds limited to a few hundreds. If, however, the object be attainable, I am inspired with the hope that now the attention of the public and of the Legislatures of the two principal Australian colonies, with an eminently scientific Governor-General at their head, is directed to the subject, it will be attained, despite the apathy of the fellow-colonists of its originator, whose encouragement has ever displayed itself in precisely an inverse ratio to the wealth of the richest community in the world ; and if (which, in candour, I admit that I am apprehensive), if the great object I have been aiming at, "locomotive propulsion on land,'by an automatic hydraulic engine," be a really physical impossibility and therefore, of course, unattainable, that such impossibility will be demonstrated, so as to set the question at rest. But, my gentle Public, you will be pleased to bear in mind that although this which was and is the climax of my ambition, should prove a total failure (which I by no means believe to be certain that it will ultimately prove) ; for two or three varieties of yet untried experiments are necessary to establish the affirmative or negative, by tests. Yet if this should be the case, still other two and very important purposes, which constitute a portion of my theory, may be, and, I maintain, are, perfectly attainable, via., the propulsion of mills and machinery by hydraulic pressure as effectually as by steam, but obviously without the danger of burning or of explosion, and without the expense of fuel, and, I may add, of costly machinery; also, the propulsion of vessels, not, indeed, as swiftly as by a powerful steam engine, but effect- ally, economically (as saving the great expense of fuel), conveniently (as saving all the space which fuel would occupy), and safe from the danger of burning or explosion fire not being employed to produce propulsion, but cold water only. These two branches of my theory, " hydrodymanical propulsion," I am prepared to carry out, in connexion with a large or small company, or with an individual capitalist, with whom I am open to form a partnership, on a liberal basis. But as capital is requisite, in order to prosecute vigorously and successfully, so important an object as that of the "propulsion of mills and of vessels by the agency of water" [to which I hope yet to be enabled to make the important addition, at no very distant period, of the propulsion ef locomotive carriages on railroads and on common roads, by the agency of mecury."] I shall abstain from making application for patent rights until a suitable partnership arrangement may take place, with a view to taking out a patent in each of the Australian colonies and in the United Kingdom. As soon as this step is taken, I shall be prepared to keep the promise I have long made to my fellow colonists in Victoria, of publishing my Propulsive Theory, with the fullest explanation, as announced in the paper, which I was induced to issue (prematurely, I confess, as it turns out), on the 28th of July; when I certainly believed perfect success as to locomotion on land (as- well as on water and on mills) to be absolutely certain. Assuredly, however, my candour will not reach to a height so Quixotic, as to induce me to print what most persons would jealously conoeal, for the purpose of only gratifying idle curiosity at a heavy loss to myself; and such - as I was quite prepared to expect \- I find to be the very liberal support accorded to literature and to science in Australia ; that in the two principal colonies, the ghost only of a list of subscribers has been perceived by the most profound "clairvoyant" in either. The stipulated condition of merely "bearing me harmless," not having the slightest prospect of baing fulfilled; I renounce the intention of publishing to satisfy public curiosity, in a community so large, so wealthy, and so apathetic as that of New South Wales and Victoria, which would magnanimously permit me to be a severe loser, in return for my effort to be useful to my country: such is the encouragement given to literature and to scientific pursuits in these colonies. Deeming it, however, no longer needful to conceal the nature of the object of my pursuit, I have thus frankly avowed the basis of my propulsive theory, for the information of my fellow colonists. Had but the life been spared to the world of science, of the lamented Dr Scoresby, F.R.S., whose kind and cordial support of my theory sustained me under the repudiation of a few men of science, and had it been my privilege to receive the communieation promised to be made to me by that philosopher during his voyage to England in the Royal Charter, with his valuable comments upon the several portions of my propulsive theory, which are perfectly distinct, I should have been enabled to bring the startling subject before the public; with the weight of authority so high and so fully appreciated, as to have at once obtained the support, if not of a wealthy community, of some enterprising capitalist, or of the Government itself. But the Fates ruled otherwise; the courteous and scientific Doctor survived but a short period after his arrival in England ; and I have never heard from or of him, and am to this hour in ignorance of what has become of my papers, which, though personally delivered into the Doctor's hands by myself, of course unsealed, on board the Royal Charter, on the night before she sailed, were addressed to the Right Hon. President and Fellows of the Royal Society, to which scientific association, of the highest character in the empire, it was intended that they should be presented by the lamented deceased. I have said that my theory is divided into several distinct parts, which are described by letters A, B, and O, D. Now, it so happens that this last (which was, and is, intended to effect locomotion on land, as well as on water, and to drive mills) has been deemed by me so far the best and most important mode of producing propulsion, as to have been the only portion of the document submitted to Captain Clarke, and to some other gentlemen of scientific acquirements, for the favour of their opinion. In this D, however, which I had long deemed the cream of my theory, there proves - or rather I should say, I fear that when fully tested there may prove to be an error fatal to my long cherished hopes - on the confirmation of which error, as I am fully prepared to expect, I shall unaffectedly, and I hope in a becoming manner, admit my mistake, and no one, I suppose, will doubt my deploring it, I shall doubtless have to submit to ridicule brought on myself; but I will not incur the stigma of obstinacy in error; on the contrary, being now from the highest authority but too well convinced that I must be in error (though not yet physically demonstrated), I delay not to avow the same which, it seems to me, that it would be disingenuous and unworthy of a genuine, though humble, votary of science to conceal. As a point of honour, I am, therefore bound (or shall be, on demonstration by experiments) to admit myself the loser of my too daring wager, to Captain Clarke (even if I effect propulsion by A or by B, or C or D as I yet expect to do), because it was with respect to D alone that that gentleman undertook my wager to apply. The mode so warmly supported by Dr. Scoresby, as that which he had himself entertained many years before me, is letter B, and applicable to the propulsion of vessels only ; but the worthy and scientific navigator having concurred with me - as you, gentle reader, would have done, and yet will do - in the infinite superiority of the arrangement D, if found to be practicable, (as I believed, and he hoped, it might prove) ; but on this subject it was principally that I was promised the opinion in writing, and the suggestions of this eminent authority, which he hoped to have leisure to investigate it on the voyage. It is this D branch of my theory that has of late engrossed my attention, with respect to the object of my pursuit and of my ambition - "propulsion by the agency of fluid." In this object, I am as well convinced of success being attainable and inevitable, when proper appliances shall be brought to bear on the theory which I am not at all ashamed of having propounded - as I am of propulsion being effected on land and water, by the agency of steam. The only question in my mind is the degree in which success may be attainable; which may, or may not, be very considerable. But if successful in any degree -i s a new mode of propulsion even though much less powerful than steam - but dispensing with fire and fuel, and therefore free from danger and expense, is a new, safe, and economical means of propulsion by the agency of water alone to be ignored by the public, or its originator despised, because his inventions and the principles he has dared, and still dares to contend for, though sound and practical, may not come up to the pitch of perfection which the too sanguine hopes of the discoverer led him to anticipate? Was the poor blackfellow, who discovered and pointed out to his master, Dr. Kerr, certain yellow metal near Bathurst, as a "mountain of gold," entitled to reproach, because the nugget actually fell short of a hundred weight! " Palmum qui meruit ferat." Whilst I maintain my belief, that the portions of my theory, A, B, and C, will prove sound and practical, (and especially so D, for the propulsion of mills, by a new arrangement which I have devised in Sydney, since my partial discovery of error in D,) and whilst I avow my doubt of being able to achieve automatic propulsion, as was my great hope by D, I hesitate not to declare, that I yet deem it perfectly possible to effect locomotion on lanl bv D, (but not automatically) making rise of quicksilver, and, in ships, by the use of water only; also,to drive mills by the agency of either fluid. But, gentlemen, in order to establish my theory, or even to refute it, by sufficient tests, capital is requisite, and my nativity having been cast under Mercury (whose mobile godship, by-the-by, I now invoke to aid me in D.d. ) ; and my life and adventures in these colonies having made me much more intimately acquainted with Miss Fortune than with the charming and highly esteemed Mamma of that abominable minx, I am as innocent of riches as a highlander is of _______ . Remaining, Sir, as an old colonist, Yours and your readers' faithful servant, N. L. KENTISH. 241,Castlereagh-street, September 1. 