CURRENCY, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. [ Sirs-I regret very much that I should have excited the ire of your anonymous correspondent by applying to him the soubriquet which his very peculiar nom de guerre suggested. His letter of yesterday, however, fully justifies my objection to enter into controversy with a " ghost." This shield of secrecy is usually resorted to when inability to confute the argument is sought to be covered by abuse or ridicule of the known by the unknown. Where I studied finance and currency, or the doctrine of foreign exchanges, is, I should have thought, quite immaterial to the question at issue. If it be, however, necessary that I should gratify the " Lane Boy" on this point, I will inform him that the science of political economy was considered by my parents a necessary part of a gentleman's education and although I regret to have to confess that I have forgotten much that I lead on the subject, I am disposed to think, judging from his letter, that I still remember more than a " Lane Boy" over knew. As to foreign exchanges, I should at once admit that three or four years' practical experience in mercantile life on the Continent of Europe, where the arbitration of exchanges was of daily necessity, have been totally wasted if I could have betrayed such pro- found ignorance on the subject as the penultimate paragraph in the " Lane Boy's" letter evinces. I must decline any further correspondance with shadows, but if the "LaneBoy" will appear in poison I will undertake to discuss with him the following propositions, the arguments on either side to be supported by reference to some well-known authorities, 1\. I will maintain that it is unjust to compel by law any man to discharge his debtor from a debt of £1,000, upon his pay rent or tender of anything less than an equivalent of £1,000. The " Lane Boy" to dispute this. 2.1 will maintain that 1,000 sovereigns paid by A in Melbourne are. not the equivalent of a debt of £1,000 contracted with B in London although the courts of law would discharge him on payment of it. The "Lane Boy" to dispute this. 3\. I will maintain that the law of legal tender is not intended, and has not the effect of increasing the value of the money, whether coin or paper, invested with it. (The definition of the word " value to be settled previous to the discussion.) The " Lane Boy" to dispute this 4, I will maintain that it is inexpedient am Unwise to increase the metallic currency t an indefinite amount, or to any amount beyond what is required for a circulating medium. The " Lane Boy" to dispute this. I am not ambitious of fame, and know was the taunts to be endured by any man who comes forward to stem the popular current Still, on a measure of such great importance as this confessedly is, I feel that every man who has given thought to the subject is entitled the heard, and ought to ask permission of the Press to put forth his opinions. I believe we had the finest opportunity over vouchsafed to any country for starting o: our national career with a currency system that would have avoided all those shoals and quicksands that have been so full of danger t other countries ; but it is, indeed, strange that where Nature loved to trace I AS after gods a elwolllnrr-placo, There man, enamoured of distress, Should mar It Into wlldornOES. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. VALENTINE HELLICAR. Melbourne, Best April, 1858. 