3gTtfifflIfligni& The "TIMES."-Of its history and it« , <re have not spaoi to apeak, nor indetfi do we euoneh. We have no in traduction to the mvs. of Printinir-Hoasr-square. We have *een gentle *ho enjoy amouK their friends the reputation or Twriiii.jr for the Tuna," thooeh we question their claims to the honour. We have been assured that this article " aa mitten by Mr..Cranky, because his wire was JJOI invited to Lady Paluierstou's parties and thai, because Mr. Hifrh had obtained a Government office. We lme observed-more, however, some years a?Q than st present-a kind of unity of style in the articles, as if they * ere written in some cases by yoanp men of talen t, And corrected by an old band* Id particular, scarcely one leader used to be without a quaint application of £ :riiitnrc phrases. Bat, however this may be, of the jjencrat excelienre and marvellous ability of the Ttvtu ther< can be no doubt. It lias been censured as unprin cipled-it has been termed democratic; yet, on the great questions of the Church, of University education, and mavy others, it has taken ssound and moderate line. Is is raivly personal-never immoral or irreligious. It forms a national taste or good English. Day after day it flTR6 upon our breakfast-tables essaysof tranweudent met it. There are men among the erowd in London who -can write with the nerve and succulence of f ? thp !»ire Enplish wit #f Swill, with the.^J^c and exuberant iancy of Burke. Macaulav g more sparkling, Berkeley nnhing- thali tb^^'^lnThe terSTS ££ aion'llU that^ere patriotic and thrilling as the "Zlh "f PericS; some few-soch as that on ^ confirmation of the Princess Eojal-which had the gravity and piety of Hooker. It is some thing to rise above the slipshod or personal solitkB It is something to have the mind of the nation iin-cl with the colour of minds which hare all the airor the best fociety that the human intellect can give. It ii aomcihing to read contemporary history, and to Tie* questions or the day as they are written by men who have learned to think from tLe great masters or anti -qnity. Aristotle, Plato,and Thuycididescrop out through til,' Timet. Its essayists we generally men into the soil of whoHti intellect the leaves of ancient and modern lite* jaiure have rotted, and made it rich and teeming. It has been said of Captain Sterling that be first brought the Ihnes into prominence by his Utility of *Teauc:ng itito loaders the multifarious babblement of every day. It must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer ap. circle of passing events, gauged byimmutable pnn ci pies of erpericnce. Grant that, if it often Icadl, it sometime iollows public opinion-grant ihat it is not a'wvtrs consisted, that it helps ministers into power whom it also assists to overthrow-yet, it is marvel.ous ih:it aucb power should exist among us; mow m.r ve'lous still, that it should be brought together su days out of seven with unfailing punctuality. The prover bial irregularity ef the sallies of genius is brought under the yoke. The editor is never at a los3 though the indolH.ce of a Steele, or the fastidiousness of an Addison, haunted by the ghost of some happier ex pression. Ti.e quantity is as surprising as the matter is ginc-a'ly excellent.-Dublin University Magazine for Jt SCHOOL eob COOKS.-Irmutritious, iva^t; ful a.,. a Biivoury cooking, is our uatioual chsracter isiic No school or cookery has ever yet thoroughly an>\vered in this country. The school ot adversity teaches tbo poor to hunger patiently when the cupboard is <> -..iity, but to reward themselves, by hasty cooking .and large meals, when they have the chance of filing it. The food they throw away from ignorance of corrcot culinary principles, when food Is to be had, would, properly husbanded and prepared, satisfy the eravm<»s of hunger when money -s scarce* Prosperity is aiPO a bad sehool for the middle classes, whose ffastro liomic ambition is literally bounded by roast and boiled. Tfii' roasting-jack and the saucepan, with an occasional moss out of the fijing-pau, bo thoroughly satisfy their desire?, tha* they make it their boast not to like soup, nor made-dishes, nor-tews, nor any of the more whole some and succulent modes of enlarginfir 'heir narrow ra ge uf taste. No doubt a juicy portion of nast beer or roas: mutton is an excellent dish. Yet, if the Eng lishman become too poor to buy theseprimcjoints, what tli-i ? . Tactically, he eocs without meat; tor h s wife ?not knowing how to cook inferior parts properly, he must, eiihur abstain, or lav in a solid stock ot indigestion. Must ol the meat in "France is-except veal-lean, hard, and striuiy, but none the less nutritioue; bemnse cooas know how to extract the best qualities of the meat, how to make it nutritive, more than tempting \- even do icious-and how to utilize what, here, is ut tvry thrown away. Amongst the very poor in this c> ri!r\ there are whole classes who do not taste ammal -food from one year's end to another, chiefly in con sequence of the prevalent ignorance respecting cff<c:ual m. ilcs of economizing and cooking it. Whin pro visions arc dear, this subject (a very important one; but sol.l-jm spoken of without a smile, for some curious and inexplicable reason) occupies attention. Why, it is then a-ke.1, are not our national schoolgirls taught to cook ? The answers to thiB question are as innumerable as tlie difSeulties to be surmounted in effecting sncli an object, wiiich arc too apparent to be more than alluded to. llu v.'ver, a small and unpretending effort bas b/en r,K,'J.' by a few ladies of rank to afford means of such in fraction. Near to the Christcliuren Schools, in Ali<my-street, Regent's Park, this inscription appears aprm an otherwise blank shop window:-"Sehool of Cookery aad Eestaurant." The objects of the.litile estab lii'fciueut are set forth in a prospectus which we begged lrc-.-i its intelligent superintendent:-First-To open a kitchen for the poor, where they may buy their food at little more than cost price, and go themselves or send tbc-ir children for instruction in the elements of cookery. S. ,.n-, ily-A class of girls desirous of service will be educated under an experienced man cook, and at the tiuiB time receive uiorul iraining from the matron and l -. iics connected with the iustirution. Thirdly-A tjh'rl.tl class will be taught cookery for the sick, to .iVi lify them to become 6iek nurses. Touug women wishing to receive lessons will be taught at a much 1l' ,. it price than they have now to pay at clubs and else v) ? ere. It is proposed to give, as rewards, certificates of competency to those young women who distinguish them st' ves as pupils, and who will thus carry with them into sen-ic the surest evidences of their proficiency. Persons becoming subscribers will have the advantage of Beuding tv.cir own cooks to receive lessous or of nominating a pi: [ to the class. They will also be entitled to have a c.iok fi om the school when wanting help at their own \i' in -es. This plan is answering well. The food is mnch ?prized by the poor, and many families in the neighbour "u.'i'-i are giving orders for dinners and dishes of a teller description to be sent to their own houses. Aid, eitlier in money or custom, is asked. Any lady or doriiiS soaps, jellies, &&, will benefit the sch jol, aud, as ji thoroughly good cook is employed, the orderB will be ?rrnperly attended to. Orders from medical men for sick Ivv-CMS wiil be received, and the food sent to tliem if re ri';:red. The success ®f this scheme depeods wholly on xiii: manner in which it is carried out. It removes the oili, ulty of finding means and materials tor training pupils in national schools, to become good cooks, and it prov'nl. s a market for the produce of their skill. As it should be looked upon as a mission-ho for cooks, the do^tiines taught in this culinary academy must be fcii-iiid, and the practicable results profitable, or failure wiii b'-inevitable. The few who may be its customers will uot excuse bad cooking, or ill-chosea raw,material, '1013 an establishment which professes lo be a model; aiiJ unless, eventually, it become even more than self su^'.orUnfT, bad economy will be suspected,-the -very -.vor-.t nait in the character ot any cook, whether she be of tin;class "goodplain" or the class "professed." *T. 'i.uhoUl Words. COLOSTAX POETET.-As I atn on the topic of !-Jlonial poetry, I cannot resist the temptation of t-u)Hnganantholoey from an epicedian song-far more TC-.v.i-.KoMethau " Lycidas" or "In Memoriam"-con ;r,i:-.c'l in the last number of the Mudgee newspaper " The sun had just set as I put on my hat. And went forth to walk and to muse on the flat," .jr - s the Mudgee mourner; but as he immediately after ,r:!rds intimates that the real subject or his musings was his d.-ecascd friend, "B"" the conclusion of the couplet ? ,.i s arcelybe calIed;complimeutary. Standing beside I: 's grave, he thus apostrophises its inmate. I ci -rnf, however, to give the introductory passage: ?'As I leaned on the railing of soft river gam. Which supported the pailinir that guarded his ! uurmured,' Ah! B , how low art thou laid, That intellects gone aud that body decayed Which stations has planned out and fenccs has raised, ' '.i which their beholders with wonder have gazed, '.'hose hands, too, which never through sloth did relax "rrora morning till night their grasp of the axe, And which, too, could handle the wedges and maul, Aii4 the spade or the shovel, and saws big or small, And work with tbeehise', the plane, or the square, * -1 make a new table, a stool, or a chair; strength is now blasted, their vigour decayed If 'he dead are conscious of what is said over them, v g must have felt a wish to be able to handle a win'p again, when his professed friend thus proceeded to irirlugn h:spod mortem veracity ' I.!-, ugh nine years aud more thou hast lied, in thy grave." ivt ? r..' next three lines the poet identifies, with the originality of genius, the symbol with the thing r.rn'inlizcd .' Tir.- ic8rit» still continue the weather to brave: <T^v roved and unshaken, as emblems they stands. Of the strength of thg icorla and the skill of thy hands." would have been an opportune reminiscence if the h:ird had now called to miud a couplet in "Gray's ^ ^ JCo farther seek his merits to disclose. Or draw his frailties from their dread abode wx with the following- unprecedented strain of blended pr-vsc a «d blame this unique production terminates: .f T}ion logbook learning wast never profound, thy thoughts and ideas in general were sound. Tii.- u^lions of rigrbt, too, weregrood, though not strong, Eur a weak resolution did oft lead thee wrong. TV.v dealings in common "were true and upright, 1"v«r pure sterling honesty was thy delight; rt"hou was honest to man, to maiden, and wife, Ai.d 'to give and take* was thy motto through life; vc.t rhough thy vtrtoes were both many and rare, i 'K Australia's worst vice thou, alfis! hadst thy share; wast fond of the bottle-tliat cause of nil strife H f-vst ruined thy health and then cist thee thy life: -.v.-vs liquor-strong liquor-tbat maddened thy brain, A'.ia urged thee to race tby wild mare o'er the plain, etc. etc., etc." ilc.iTeii grant that" B.' terenson" (the author of these v.::U.:Jiil line ) mey never sing my dirge!-cr, at all cccnis, that he m >y not be acquainted with my bio ^-rr-ihv, if he should strike the lyre above my turn! Evvn the melody of his verses wonld hardly recondite «f.. :o suoh a rcproduetioa of my peccadilloes. The t; ;,r-v 'if the Mudgee newspaper, with great propriety, oi u: i: rs M B Grave" " Original Poetrybut 1 fancy subscribers would consid r it an improvement if, in rent of favouring tlirm with such original poetry as M.i-S be would republ:sh the lyrics of Mr. Cohen's L ai/r ntfl, even though he does talk about Sweet tummer, vernal aerson of delight. ^ ". )izv4 seen some&wiul; rubbish in the "Poet's Comer*' -f English provincial papers, but, verily, Mr. Stevenson be-u s the most execrab'e county-bard of ths old couHtrv, phrase, and feeling, l y a Ion? chalK B 's v ving re'atives have great cause to lov-j his unmor* ?-Peter Pottunft Country Comments. AKJESTHETIC SUBSTANCES.-Our readers r.wllect that a few months ago amylene was rc i*j'n ii-.nc'edi a*preferable to ether and chl- roform in pro ,'i.), ,j . staprfaciion or anasibesia, on tte special ground r!> .: i s emiloym nt was unattended with danger to the ? nt, or nearly so MM. Foucher audBonr-et have, jver, in a recent comiaunicatioa, addressed to the A*: my of Sciences, recorded facts leading to quite a ro ;rary res-ilt. In twelve experime»it8 performed on T.il''. i:s they have ascertained that the aesthetic euect ?.{ j'iivlene produced wiihrn three or six minutes after it; application, liero~c stupcfactioa is produced tne I utters riercingcrie3 and throws its head back wc r iK; its breathing is accelerated, the globe of the «> o is strongly injected and moves convulsively: a tr.vjieal hoarpoise'S always accompanying the above pTrrintoma. The period of insensibility doesnotlastlong i/ ti<e application of am>leuc be not contiuu?d; in li\;. contrary cise, however, a complete collapee takes snimtU, sfcretchea out without motion, obeys i*e-j impulse of the hand, and resembles a flabby mass i * i xri -ieh breathing is hardly perceptible. This stale may Iwcnty minutes without causing death. The botjd ; ? :Tiwn from the arteries durin* this p riod still ' re"erves its colour. Animals su>jested ta the action : ; a-rylene for a c rtain lergth ©f time cor.tiuue after «?te operation iu a state of stupor and imbecility, which <;3{netitnefi lasts seven cr eight hours; but in none of the < i 's observed by the authors of the communication has *f*ib followed the application of amylene. The conclu sions resulting from their experiments are as iollows t . S'tiphnric ether, chlorofoim. and amylene are, or all Vr;;i;i[e fiuhgtancei experimented on, the only ones that nwuce ansestheaia. 2. Amylene doss not produce stttpe »otion unless the quantity of air with which it is fluted be very email; but then it acts upon the animal Ej r.iioiny, and especially upon ihe respiratory organs w manner which may produce dangerous effects. 3. Chloroform has all the advantages or amrleue, without the evils which accompany tne me of ihs- latter, A Non° of the substances above-mentioned produce au:m thosia, whether local or general, when applied So any particular part of the body by injection, nader the- c3,i" -Englith Paper. Photogbatht in WESTEEK AFRICA.-Se t veral ladies from Elmina attended our late serrices at Cape Coast Castle, and I pleased them by taking their likenesses. Bat when I went over on this Visit, I found that one of them, as soon as she sot .home from Cape Coast, was so excited as to let it fall and break it. Sbo came to me, and said she would give me any money if I would take another. So it appears I might do any amount of business in tnis liue; but 1 have something else to do. it is impossible to describe the excitement , and wonder which the photographic process creates in ! the minds of these people. I was visited to- day bj the King of Cape Coasf, who came for the par pose or having- his likeness taken. He carac in grand , state, accompanied by all his chiefs and hcid men, and also his principal household servants aud attendants. In bis train were sword-bearers, & boy bearing an elephant's tail, and another boy carrying a silver cup. There were also men carrying various silver-headed canes, or wauds j ot office. A rude band of music gave additional eclat to : the affair. The hall was spcedily'fiUed by the immediate ! officials of His Majesty, and the outer yard was fully oc cupied by the band aud sundry otber members of the noisyfroop. Let as look at the general appearance of the King. Oa his head he wore a circlet, or rather a frontlet, of golden ornaments. On one wrist he wore several large gold bracelet**, and the other was encircled *ith jewels and gold nuggets. A ma&ire; gold chain was hung round his neck, and bis sandals were decorated wiih golden bands. He was dressed in a loose robe of white silk, thrown carelessly around him, aud ill his I band he held his own elephant's tail. A gold-headed ! sword was borne in his presence. Due arrangements 1 having been made, I took his portrait, to his entire satis faction, he and his grinning with delight. Eipressiuib ; of wonder broke out on all sides. Tne King purposes sendloz the picture to England, to have an oil-painting done from it.-JVetCt Travels cf a Wesley an Alininler. THE SCRUBS OF MOBETON Bat.-The scrubs in this district are very dense, so thick that it is quite impossible to penetrate them iu anything like a straight line. The zigzag motion thus enforced is very . apt to confuse the whites, aud none but a blackfellow I can explore their tangled depths with impunity. When, however, the sun Is visibly and your bnmp of ! locality somewhat prcdominaut, you may be able to escape from their meshes; but get benighted and your case is almost hopeless. UufortHnatcly, wc can paint from experience -the very short twilight having over- j taken us as we imagiued ourselves uear the outskirts of I one; but, alas, in the darkness we either took a wrong 1 turn, or were unable to steer a direct course, and three long hours of indescribable suffering awarded our over confident research. In the day time it is quite possible to thread their mazes without any groat difficulty or danger; but at night, when, from the thickness of the foliage, not a baud's breadth bsfore you cau be distin- i guished, the labour of forcing one's way through is tremendous. Here you become entangled in a web of I creepers and vines, defying your utmost efforts to break ' through. Yon resort to & sidelong or retrograde move ment, and the thiek-set prickly thorn bushes lacerate your face and hands, and tear your clothes to pieces in the desperate struggle for freedom. Hardly escaped from these, and whilst fancying the path somewhat clear, blows on the head and legs from the branches and trunk of some fallen giant of the forest almost stupifying yon, his numberless arms encircle you on all sides, and it is only by indomitable force of will that jou at leugth manage to scramble over the trunk and fight your way through on the other side, fcuch d\fficulucs as these occurring at every step, and com bined with an oppressive, moist, suffocating heat, un varied by the slightest breath of air, aud surrounded by i yon know not what reptiles, may iudccJ create a feeling ' somewhat akin to fear even in tne strongest minds. One of two courses should be iu these dilemmas unhesita tingly acted upon-either climb some tree and there sleep till morn, or determine to push onward and never relax until the open is gained. We cuose the iatter, and, guided by the stars, escaped from this Dantestic maze, dripping with perspiration, and minus the belter halt of our clothes. Never did we, perhaps, so enjoy the comforts of the cheeiful fireside, or, as strctched upon the welcome couth, review so btrariiiilly the luxuries vouchsafed. jNevertheless, on the recurrencc of a *ike mishap, we should certainly adopt the former coure, fraternizing with'po?sum up the gum tree, and would advise all so benighted to wait there Dalieutlv until morning.-Moreton Boy Sketches, THE GREAT "WORLD oe Loiojov -The I metropolis covers an area of 122 square miles in extent, or / 8,039 statute acres, and contains 377,351 houses Annually 4,000 new houses are in course of erection for upwards of 40,000 new comers. The continuous imeolbuildings irom Holloway to Camberw.ll is said to be *2 miles long. It is computed that if the build ings were set iu a row, they would reach across the whole of England aud France, from York to the Py re nees. Loudon lias 10,500 .streets, squares, circuses, crescents, terraces, villas, rows, buildings, places lanes courts, alleys. mews, yards, aud reuis. The pivcd streets of Loudon, according to a Tetum published in 1818, number 5.000, and exceed 2,000 miles in length. Tne cost of this paved reading was fourteen million?, and the repairs cost £1,SM,VIX> per annum. London contauis 1,900 mdes of gas-pipes, with a capital of nearly spent m the preparation of gas. The cost S^-hghting IS half a million. It has 360.OCO lights, and13,000,01)0 cubic feet of gas are burnt every night. Last > car along the streets the enormous quantity of up war Js of 80/-0 ',000 of gallons of water rushed for ti e lupply of the inhabitants, bein- nearly douhle what it was iu 1816. If the entire people of the capita] were to be drawn up in inarching order, two deep, the length of t.ie great army of Londoners ivould be no less than 670 mile*, and supposing them to m.jve at the rate of three miles an hour, it would require mere than nine day* and nights for the average population to pass by. To accom modate this crowd 125,080 vehicles pass through the thoroughfares iu the course of 12 hours; 3,000 cabs 1,0011 omnibuses, 10,000 private aud job irriages and ^ i -'i3, - streets; 3,V00 conveyances enter I the metropolis daily, from the surrounding country, lttl people die daily, and a babe is born every five minutes, ihcnumber ot persons who died in 1856, in 116 public wfSf!1 ?S" T f workhous=s and hospitals, was \ n^,L to the last reports there were in Loudon 14J 01,0 vagrants admitted in one year iuto the casual wards of the workhouse. Here we have alwavn in our midst 107 burglars, llo housebreakers, 38 high way robbers 773 pickpockits, 3,657 sneaksmeu or comaion thieves, it hurse- stealers, ill dog foree". 28 comers, 317 utterers of base i coin, 1*1 swindlers, 182 cheats, 311 receivers of stolen goods 2,763 habitual rioters. l,20S va^ts ' 60 begging_ letter-writers. SS bearers of begging letters! mM.-in5.n f?' besides i7o not otherwise described. £?hera t<)tal 16.»)0 criminals known to it' nVi-T Pe-'sons arc known tomakeaway with . ^,UIU» pnson population at any par ticular time is 6,000, costing far the year £170 COO. Our juvuiile thieves cost us £100 a piece. The number of I .b?pa" *n London is 35.0C#. two-thirds of | whom are Irish. Let us extend our survev and we shall not wouaer that the public-bous^ Ind tifgiS-^aces ik?l Tn <5a-?d«VMeSt ?.laces of "sort in London iS p d? lhere ar« 70,0 J0 weavers, &i;»i- i l03*,l'er ; there are 22,479 talors, 60,80o shoemakers, 10,0io ncillintrs; seamstresses! hb'J10; b°°u5'makers, 1,769 j capmakers, 1,277. What hird wretchsd work is theirs! Tn«ra arc two worlds in Loudon, with a gulf between the rich and the poor. We W? Jr, »ce? at tlle for th= sake of contrast, let ns look at the former. Emerson says the wealth of London ^i,^!f,nC^pn«Cres ovtTtI,e S'ohe. In IS17 the money i coined in the Mint was £o,15S,4i) in gold, £125,730 iu I silver, and £J,iW in copper. Tne business of the Bank of Lngland is conducted by about 800 clerks, whose salaries a"batttr. TheUankin I850hadabout I twenty millions of Bank notes in circulation. In the same ! year there were about five millions deposited iu the i savings banks of the metropolis. The population con sumes annually 277,000 bullocks, 30,000 calvep, l,iS000> Vlp- 1>69U.0JJ quarters of wheat, dlo,46i,0iM> lbs. ol potatoes, 89,6/2,003 cabbages. Of :!i,4ot^oeianis are a!most incredible. Besides, it eats £742,000 fowls, 1,281,00J game, exclusive of those brought from the different parts of the United Kingdom; from jO to millions of eggs are annually imported ion France and other couutries. About 1iJ,0iK) cows are kept in the city aud its environs, for the supply ormukand cream; and if we add to their value that of the cheese and butter and milk brous-ht from the country into the city, the expenditure on produce daily must be enormous. Then London eou^nmes 65.000 pipes of wine, 2,?00,000 gallons of spirits, 43,i0.»,0U0 gallons of porter aud ale, and now burns 3,000 009 tons of coals. * Eugene Scbibe OX DaAarATic Pbopeets7 -Since I am speaking of actors, let me quote a letter written by M. Eugene Scribe; iu the first place, because his letters are rare, and chiefly as the expr .ssiouof an i author's opinion touching dramatic propcrtv, since the I author knows more about the stage thaii any man living. It was drawn from him by a suit laid against the authors of '* L'Aveugle/' a successful play of the season, who were alleged to have been guilty of plagia rism" My dear Friend-I have read your' Aveugle' and I don't exactly see oa what grounds the suit is brought against your collaborateur * Dennery.' If any body bad claims to advance, Jam the man, but I advance i no claims; I am too glad to make you a present of I some situations used by me 20 or 30 years ago, and which even at that day were noi new. There is nothing new in dramatic literature; ideas once put into circula tion belong substantially to everybody. It is merely by the form that auybedy can make them his own pro perty. This was the principle of J&Ioliere; himself! who invariably killedpeople he robbed, Thirty-livo 1 that is in 1S22, we gave at tho French corned v J A alerie,' whose catastrophe ia the same as youre, i.e.. the opcraihoQ of the cataract. Nineteen years ago, that 1 *a»,111 gave at the Gymnase a drama, in two acts, called Clermont/ played by Eoufle; it was as in \ your piece, a painter who became blind: it was as in I t*+ a.tUn<1 and married painter, who became ; jealous. It is completely, and often liieially (for the same situations produce the same expressions), I say, it is completely aud Hlerally the third aud fourth | act of our drama; of coarse, I only mean substantial^ the same {quant au Jond). If your adversary claims the e situations, I would have the right to claim them ! in turn: but so far from thinking of bringing suit I against him, I thank him as well as you for the fibnour j you both have been good enough to do me by giving a second or third edition of a work which bat for you the I public would have completely forgotten.-Rcceive, &c;" &c.S; Eugsate Scbibb." Legax ilAKXEHS xx France.-X must men tion to you a little incident which took place at the Conrt-bouse here, as illustrative of legal manners in France. Saturday Maitre Lionville (Zfaiire is the title by which lawyers, notaries, and attorneys are addres£cd J*ere> in La Fontaine's fables our word " squire" is per haps its equivalent), the Satonnier of the Urder of Ad vocates, presented to the Court three young law students .v!' J^®5Jtted to take oath. ^'Monsieur ie Batonnier,' said the President 4<itisof custom that law student 1 P_ay a ywjt to the President at bis private residence, anf 1 if be is absent, they leave their cards. Oae of thosd : whom you have named ha3 been so disresrectful aste i f6? his card through the post-office; he shall noo take the oaths. -Paris Corespondent of the Boston Trat THE DESEET or Sikal-No carpet of green any where spreads itself under foot er clothes the ragged 8ffejla* ®ve.n. BOme bright oasis, where the palm shadows cool the ground, and the air seems more genial, and the birds are singing, there is no verdure on the ! ^cvea the commonest weeds are awanting. ? Thesnl wi.l support nothing which cam:ot strike its ! roots at least some six inches into it. There is nothing beneath your feet but the monotony of the endless sand, whose colour, unlike the " universal green," fatigues, instead of refreshing Ihe eye. The oasis is adorned! i but not clothed. But whatever one misses in the ei rth ' beneath jou, you miss nothing in the heavens above you. The greenness of the earth is awanting, but the blue of the heavens has become brighter and purer. The varied twinkle of flowers under your feet is cone; but the sparkle of the orbs overhead has doubled its lustre. The flowers have folded up their blossoms, and bid them from the hot air beneath the sands; but the stars have unfolded theirs all the more freely, as if the desert sky, with its arch of matchless azur*?, were the foil in which they can best give forth their brilliance. The north star has come down low in the heavens, and yoo feel that another 200 miles to the south would make it drop out of sight, or only glimmer on the horizon; but other stars are ascending in the opposite horizon, and you feel that yon gain as much as you lose by your southern latitude. Yet the brightness of sun, and moon, and stars, cannot make up for the want of nthcr things. Tou miss the wreaths of rillage smoke, rising from a hundred homes; for wliich the wild blaze of Bedouin fires, flinging up^ their gleam upon the rocks, is so equivalent. You miss the lark's song, the stream let's murmur, the whisper of the woods; for which the scream of the eagle, and the torrent's rush, asd the shrill echo of the cliff, are no compensation. You the mighty masses of cloud that give such splendour to our sunsets; and for which the round red blaze of an Arabian BUD, dropping* down like & fierr c-lnhe. ii no J cqui?alent, -North Sritith Bene», 