BATHURST (From the Free Press June 23.) ANNIVERSARY MEETING OF THE WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. Tho Arirfiversi.ry meeting of the above Society I claco on Monday' last, when the Wesleyan Cbapc William-stréet was filled with a very large assemblage. On the platform we o'served the Revds. H. H. Gaud W. Hessell, J. B. Laughton, W. Cornow, T. Angwin Messrs. Tom, Parker, and Carvosso. After singing an introductory prayer by the Rev. Mr. Hessell, Tom was culled to the chair. Mr. TOM having expressed his regret that a more t individual hBd not been ßeh cted to ¡111 the post pf Gi- man briefly recounted the history of the Sooiety,,,stu thai in¡1814.' previous to ? the - death of ¡ Dr. Coke, moi» rudiments of the' present-'flJurUhipg[ Soc existed, - and comprised' but 'a ' very few individu Wheri Di'. Coke died, then aroie -the question, how. 1 to supply tho loss of one' who bad the entire man« merit of all the missions irv; hist hand«,'and.a-.gen .movement was made amongst. Method ww; subwipti being doubled throughout "England.. Ho: ( Mr. ,Tc was then a member of the 'General Committee, Bnd -ever since felt the moBt vivid interest in their prooe inga. About ten months ago it bad ocouwed to bim.w: ' he saw bow muon had been done at home for the missie 'that a largo responsibility bad devolved upon!the!m< bars of tho Church in theBo oolonieB, and he. felt.t they had dorie more in the-way'of building ¡obapels i providing ministers for tbemsolvosi'than, for furnish ? funds for missions abroad.- Dr. Livingstone tra; had given a freddi impulse to such exert'on^ and thoughFtWtho members of the ohurchisboUld rot dediiot from-their1 home expenses and' -expend i grée ' sums upon the fore'igh miss «os; never: desiaung -fr their efforts until all'tbe isiatidaof the South SeaB sho be evangelized.'- 'Tho Chairman'-concluded his remo ; by calling upon 'tho Secretory to read tho report..... ! . Tbe'Ttev.-T.-ANawrw'tben read the report, of wh ¿our spaoe will only'ullow'tho following brief abstract. ..??<< . ; xfxfaki'i.1 ' '.«. Tho Committee of, the Bathurut Branch of the Ausl .liónJW¿sléyah^MÍHsi0hárjr Sobioty iá presenting'tb 'Annual Report; have, .to record favourably pf the|statc "the Mission's.'- , .'. '; :!"' ''.' '; ', ' .. '." "'' ' '; \J ''"'".' -: -Thé'Sobiéty's ftdancés bavp engaged the BeriouB1 atti tion pf .the. Executive Comnilttba contributions ard oreasing.'but the late period of jhè.'various'Annivérsar "involves the''Society fri' difficulty and expense. [>{ 1 'ítátémeni;' in thb Missionary riotioea* shews on'the 9( of June aa access of expenditure.over iiicome''Of-£0E Hs. 7d.-on the' 80th of September 'of £6000 10s,. I . and':J"a ' ' Biráilar1 ' baladée Against " thej!l Soeii 'in'''December.' "Were liot ytbe;1.Members'1! the,,Erecutiv.e,. .ip ...become, personally?'.hable-'' 1 these largo'advanoes, the business 'Ol ths . Society1 Coi 'not 'prboeed/ 'and a 'large, amount 'has to 'be'-paid ; '.interest'bf overdrawn accounts.' Tho' Committee'ui 'early"application 'to' the subscribers and.early 'rem tances.,,,, ..... _ ' '.',' '.!:. ". .J,."'-í ''" . The total' expenditure of, the. Society lost 'year w '¿18,053, 'Cai 3d., thd nôt receipts from the' Colonies a 'MiSBiODB.' ;'"' " " " ' " '"" '? " '' '.' '". :"'-' Districts inaluding' ilÖ9.4'.18s;; Native conttibutio in oil £0332 8*. . Thb balanpb ,to. be-paid by the Coi jniffeè in7Lon'don is-iddiO 18s.'8d. J" IJ - '-' 1 ' ''Onb'g'sntlemàri'Who'bàd1 been'' etifcoe-sgfu-l inimsine gave £100 as, a,,donation. During the.past year'fl Missionaries have hod 'to' leave the 'field 'and ,two "ni .Missloo'aries have been ;,seat to thp-Friendly 'and Feej islands. . ., ;/ vr Í :.; ' Î;1. I"'":'" In'Néw'Zaalona tbe>orkis Still 'struggltrig'witU dil 'cnlties,'but they are auch'tts neces'sariljr'arise '-outpf ;ti 'transition of apoopto from barbarism) tordivilikation.«'.' The native. Jns|ltu.tion. for training.,of, TeäobBrs ai Assistant . ' Missionaries w.bas beeii c commenced;;, ti houses bod'be'èn'erected -when'the Mission'vessel'left. . - There is an increase in the ' district'- tlnV ypar- oHlöi members, 0030 scholars and 14,020. attendants on publ .Worship.-" ,r'';i -^''.1,.,1'.'',V:l.i. '"' : ; Jm: Tho School Reporta'.sbiew,' tiot'merely an increase scholars, but great improvement in'tba pupils. ?'- ' ;1 \- Trio'following - is a 'general'summary of tho vario; stations occupied by.the Society-- '? ' ? V r~- ''?J ' Number of Chapels ti-.!. * À\¥? » V. if'-Vj&i; ' ,21 Number of other Preaching placés .'. '-....;' ''Si 'Missionaries- '. and' Assistant ' Missionaries, ' '.' -' including supernumeraries .... ..... ?'I '?? -Gateebists : ...H "iVi;1 :';.'... :'.';.; .',..v.'-; ..'»'ai Day Sohool Teachers ;. : '.*'.'.. '.'. ¿ ¿- '' lß( Sunday School Teaobers -.-.r,--.-.45 Looal Preachers.;;» .sj v.¡. < \- 'j.-...¿ ^£105 ClasB readers '"' J .... " .... Vi Full and accredited ' Church. Members .. ^. 15,15 On trial^pr^Iembership ;¡. ,v;3?S Sabbath Sobools . ... ..i... . fJ ., .IC 8abbith Schplars -, j ..y.[,.;.. ...... a '. 10,41 Day Sfhobls ,'.,..¿,¡.v..v .r.67 , DaySßhblars.i .., ¡....",(, ... "88,30 . .Total, number of scholars,under, instruction '31,70 .. At(endants,pn Publia'AVprsbip y.'.(.., .^.»,^.80,03 Printing Establishments '.; ."..^...»\\.. \ ¡j., ,, ;¡ The Rev. W. CurtNOW then rose, and , having proface his speeoh by tho,remark that few.doouments were mor unpopular,and yet ,more,;ojsínfial,.than,- reports, j>rc 'eeeded to,read' Çhe firpt resolution¡5^-- r un", j .,," T^a^the, Roport now "'piajite,;.be/ adopted ;,and,tha this meeting considers that tho suceoss which continúe to attend tho Australasian Wesleyan, Missionary/, Bopiet. in the Friendly andi Feejoo Islands,.calls' for ' gratitud to Almighty God", without,whoso "sapófion, and bl essin the., wisest arrangements, and, tba. most, zealous i eo deavors .would ba altogether yain.7 i ? '? -li-.i it-. MI' , |.Tbe reverend speaker, then said-I, thiqk, Mr. Chair man and Christian friends', that few of tis'will disput that some men have olaims on the.sympathy ,and .'liberal ity of .their, fellows. , .Ot^rs is a .very/kind ,abd, considérât aga; it duly appreciates merit and prcaaap^lyi. nt'tonds, ti suffa'ring. A littlo whilo ago the heart, of-Britain¿res ponded nobly , tb an appeal, in behalf, of the, Crim'aai sufforors, moro than a million, and á,halflwere¡laid,,uppi the altar bf charity ; again, an oxpresBioH ipf Vnat'iana sympathy, is now being made on, buhalf of onr gallan countrymen in India. Evan now, tba columns in, pm papers ,are filled .with names and sums, and orowdi assemhlo to testimonialize tho meritorious and relieve tho .distressed, and I am. confident that tho .man' dpei not exist, who.would raiso a .dissentient . voice, ;Or.. re. moyo, ono stone, from these monuments bf a nation'! benevolence, We bavo not been unmindful as a natipr sf this duty in its other aspeots, and wider bearings, j I: we have taken cqgnizanco of physical sufferings and wretchedness, wo, have done so likewise with spiritual '..destitution , and woe. ... If. we have promoted commerce .and, , science,, we have also countenanced the Bible and Christianity. , .If poets, philosophers and heroes,have received our earnest, eulo giums, we have not forgotten the , Missionary .to the heathen) and our notional glory is our Christian philan; TWÍWÍ-CbrtBtian, be'oauso based on Gosp-1 ,fbunda tions, and bathed in a Gospel fountain,, and, ¡ais. .long OE such a philanthropic is inoorpor.ited with the national constitutional principles pf Britain, it will give.-lustre tc her orpwp, roajosty to her throno, and distinction to her 'ttr;f4n?l-'d sonB. Every, item in the heart of ohority. ie not merely a recognition of tho fact, but,a toacliorof the truth that .mankind is ono great whole ; that every indi vidual is a,lin!: in tho great chain of being, ,and ovary pang wuioil wrings tho boort of o suffiror is an,eloquent appeal.to the remotest member of his species. Sub- scriba to this, and this is all,that is cluiortod by the mission ¿«use. Tho first thing olaimad by an intelligent philanthropist, as a condition of his benevolence, is a well authenticated COBO. IndiQoronoo to thia will expose a man to tho ohaige of extravagance and folly. I think, Sir, this oase has boon mado out long ago, and a very painful i ono it is, and. too well authenticated. Is it not one of tho striking characteristics of our times that men are getting good enough to acknowledge this? Murder, infanticide, and suicide, with all the harrowing spectacles and sanguinary deeds which accompany them, are not, now, regarded as tho ground- less tales of designing men, and heathen depravity is not now considered a theme for tho dreamy enthusiast with more heart than head. Time was when Christian mis. sionarnes went forth to tho land of their duties with their lives in jeopardy, now our men of commerce hail their passage, and speed them on their way. Time was when it was tho fashion to grace even tho highest style of literature by witty lampoons on tho unsophisticated men sent forth to regenerate the world. Now we have a missionary literature instead; and if not an ornate, at loast a useful one. Time was.when Governments looked with suspicion on those who vindicated tho claims of religion; now, they hail its co.operation, and find that tho principles of our heaven-born Christianity, are those which give solidity to states, and happiness to all man kind. Aforetimo our missionary prinuiplos and institu- tions wow looked upon as requiring vindication ; thnnk God, this is now unnecessary ; tho diroot and indirect aotmn of missionary lubnur bas boon most satisfactorily vindicated. Wo knew, Sir, that this ia n good oouso, a o divino, o philanthropic causo; "our hearts aro inditing . good matter," wo havo ground thnroforo to cohn tho Macedonian ory, "Como over and help us." It is n fino n¡tUr0¿n tll° worllinR of ikinga that if thora aro nooos. .'lies, thoro aro likowlsorosourcoa. It is admirable how ? :omlngly incongruous things work together and sorvo . ion othor in tho natural world, and this is not moro ousarvablo in tho world ofnotnro than lo that of sooioty. uascs and causes call for nu-nns, and men must o»vo their agenta. Wo lmvo the moona, WD lack thoir proper uso, Christendom, holds the powor of Heathen do.rn'i ragetíer.tlpq, and tho hopes ot the .World,'the .melioration of our fallen bnm»niiy, are suspended on tbe use ol that power.' Let lite" Church display her ban. »erin thu name of her King, Let her go forth in the name of Him who hath said, " I am, with you always." Let her listen ' to the appeal' 'from the firmament, " Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion." We com plained of our numbers, but number is not power. Are not some of tho great events mentioned in history chronicled to the memory of a few ? A few went forth in the days of yore, and before them fled tho sensualism of voluptuous Corinth, the scepticism of the philosophic Greek, the selfishness of the narrow-minded Jew; and the superstition of tho dreamy Pagan. A few might have been seen scaling a rugged height; raising the en sign of liberty on its topmast summit, and carrying off the battle of the Alma. Talk to me of poverty ! Why, there is no such thing amongst us; have we no power to offer,no influence to employ, no talents to exert, no time with good management; to dedicate to the Lord? Man is a great being, his possessions 'are magnificent ; just,look at .tho one item of human influence.- There is a fearful signinoance'.'in every action of'our life;- We cannot move,without touching the mystic string .which connects us with the universe; and every touch will send its vibrations along the arches' of a boundless future. The conversation;:the; example/and pursuits of every , man-fall: like pebbles on a plaeid lake, oreating a series of . ever, widening circle's over 'the whole expanse. Wu cannot wonder at mari's fearful responsibility, since . G>d, I has ; showerod I down, blessings' ur/on' ¡b'1'm in' such endless ; profusion,- nor can we tulle: of weakness, unless it be the weakness nf genuine;humanity. "'VTe'hold' the Cospel, and th ,t Gospel .is the power of God; 'we trust in a Saviour,'" and! that ^Saviour is Almighty. We htvo -the.power; andiyet.power. iis the Uhing ¡we 'waht-tho ;power, that:Elij,ih had-, when oir Carmel's brow he' bon fronted and confounded . the heathens of; his'country tbe.power.of, John .the Baptist, whose voice1 broke tho moral slumbers of Judea, and whose life in a váoif leting: itimoMWa8]«s,/flrm.as;:the everlasting hills which throw : their ishadowsi over tho .-rolling Jordan,-we want'the; power of Martin Luther before the majesty of whose mighty soul all Europe stood in awe, — tho power of the first Apostles whose unsophisticated piety and indomita able zeal bent the proud spirit of their country under the foot of the Cross—the power of the Wesleys and Whitfields, who in tones of love and thunder, and in tears of unutterable emotion; endured and melted a godless age, and raised a fabric which is rising yet, and will rise until time shall cease to be. The fault of the Church is, that she lacks soul; a thing without a heart is the Church. Oh! for a.power,of., (spiritual influbneo Itb'j descend'oh 'our , bomo.aod foreign Church suoh/as our. Kathens havô tdld ,us of,J.sjGhI, ior:the Holy Ghost,'the Pentecostal showi'r .sent in^hen dayaof Grace.::-Wo' languish for their'des jflent;, thank« God they, will return. '.Christ is ttieHigh Ri jest pf. good Linings toccomo; andi they will come."'IHB evident, we have a good oause.-.and we havo the1 mealnsj l.tq.aid it. henoaithera is an lappeal to our sympathy,' fdr' pur,,liberality and zeal, t which come up to us -from tho i ..depths.iqf"the-past, ilt ever tbe worthies-of' Ancient; .days revialttheir former home', it-is to witness a move-i : ment Uki this.. >Tho :one,grant: feature.in tho character , of Jesus is benevolence; and .'Hetwas .tho greatest ;msn that Aver, liv,, d., Sdlf.siorifiuo ¡has been oalled; the law of i . tbe .universe..,-,-In .advocating ^Christian .missions,.' we ! .Btand fonigroundi on , whioh. the iglorifled around the ! .throne once stood; a.Coke, a Carey,'a>Williams/a Martyn,; ,a,Brainard, a Judson, all: were 'missionaries, J Here 'they ' exercised .(heir talents, here.poured!out thoir souls, herd, ,.they bro»thed, their ? last,, and hera are they, entombed ; i standing i on their sepulchres: wa maintain: their cause. I Jesus Himself was the first of. missionaries; to: the pros- ; ,pertty,..ofnthisyoause Her.looked as tho ihoblostire-. suit of , His Passion;,, and. when : He had sppnt. His life, in, this cause He left .His .desolples with His gre it Bpmm4ssiop,;t" Go tye; un to-all tba world, &o.;,",and shall i wp, stand apart from,suoh a.work; or makaian ignomini- ous .retroat?,-Opinions vary jeBpecting: tho .times',in ¿whioh wa, live, hut'all, ard agreed that these .are , .very re ,/narlrçble,'times.;?Toe rapid/progress'oí disoovery-the surprising qdvance . > of .'.knowledge-the; i extraordinary fjiailitjoa of'oommunio ltion partake1 almost of tho super natural, and must bo referred to a designing Providence. "Mon overywkero. are attaahing a bighor importance to re- ligious interests. "Infidelity is far lessLformidablo , than it was a hundred .years, ago; ! Europe is 'in! a-stattf. of commotion.!, (Turkey muet ? renounce- Ks.'exclusiveness, appstaoy^rpm Jslamism.canno ;longer, ba. punished, with a>alb,,the.scimitar rn,ust fall to the ground,>ani the Cres .çerit .must,wane,,and 'ero long we mayiihave a frea,fluid ;fpr missions in thpia regions which were the cradle of ,ni;inkind.t| Russia baa,presented signs of,improvement, and JÇtfdy, pffurs^causes / of- thankfulness.,.. The British .colonies are, bringing every part of theworldiotb conn ci- tion with the Anglo-Saxon oharaoter ;, a; door'ia. b^ing Opened ;to,, tho ,teoming; multitules of.China/andnvho pan ,., doubt f ' the, ; ¡ issue, iof,. ; the,]j fearral: i mutiny-. ,,in In(lia?,,, There.,;isj.,soaroeIy.ja¡isphere !of r .religious íabour,¡ whicht,,is ::nqt ,in(' a;, state ? of'.j transition. .The tWorldj is - sighing .for, a .chango; I, believe,',' says pna, who ha^doeply studied the.queation,.",that,wo have como to,a .point in our religious history in whioh. Provi- dence thunderajn ourears.tbo necessity of S' spirit;of sacrifice" jWe.jStand .jn tbeiimidst of a heaving, chaos; and.upon ,us it .idependsjwbether, that I «haos isbóll be moved, to ruin.pr^to lifejjand,where: is,.our .benevolence; where, is our,;piety,;;if ,we ,atn, feast upon tho bread of life,'while^millions are dying of spiritual, starvation,? The jeycren l,Bpeakorithon,oonclude'divhis.epoooh,by a most 'powerful, and,, eloquent, appeal in ; behalf. Iof ', tho Missions in .tho, South,Sea Jslan ls, to-which .we much regret that our ppaca will not permit ut to douustiob., . p . ,..,The: Rev.^H. H. ,GAUD,,then rose and said that het would.not detain!, tho - meeting long; r. asi, bochad I just ! ;ratnr"ned'.irbm ¡a ,visjt; to, the -Bush, i and'was, much fatjgued,.,whioh. ,he.|regretted: the. less as thora ,wore : others; present l?,ho cou.Id . raorej ably; advooate* ¡the. ¿lairn3,,of ilia, Society.The ,reverend gentleman , cnn-.' cludo^by sûconding the resolution, .TH : : .'. ..?. lei j n'The first,resolution:was,then,, read by the Chairman; ; and .carried únanirnóusly. ,. i >,0 ...J 1. -itiii-ib , TheBov. JAMES,B.LAUQUTOK moved tha seeond-reso-, llut^on as ,follows:-, n./tlt .? i ï> ''¡:I.J-!.'.: h'i'i v,'i'"r't' ' (, ". That this raeotingideoply deploring .'the' intellectual,'1 imoral, and spiritual-condition of Feejoo and other parts' ' of the heathen'world, and being fully convinoed of'the per-'' . feet adaptation of Divine truth, whon aocompaniod by tho linfl.uenoes .of. tho Holy Ghost, to meet the wants of man- kind, pledges itself lo renewed and increased exertions iu .qrderjto send the. Gospel to, every creature;'!' t .-.HS re-' ¡gretted . that an;,flngagomeut had prevented-his'belng' ipresent ati.the'ooramencembht of tha mooting, and that ' Ibo lind then-, lost the advantage of hearing tba report' read, for ho, oonfossod he was not veryiwell pistod up inf the history of missionary labours:during.tho past' year. He might,'however, he-thought, take it for granted that the WosloynniMissionarioa had: not been idle ; had; ha waB/suro he'shonld have heard of it-' ^The rosoj; lution whioh had'been put into his hands, deplored'tbo' 'intelleetual, moral; and spiritual condition of Te'ejea and other parts of tho heathen, world ; ' audi with're'speot to1 ;Feejua iu particular,,,which; with: other stations in 'tho South Seas, was now ûndor tlié charge of their own con-' feronoo, he- believed:,that: no part of tho world was, or1 had been, so degradod, or moro urgently required mis- sionary offort.. ThiB degradation -was simply the eflbot of sin ;., -it . showed ! what, human "~nature - was ' capable of beooming whenleft >-to . itself.-.'. They ' had heard of some: soil, which,' though''-'for a time rendered unfruitful by a i verse oiroumstanaes, or improper treatment, possessed a restorative prinoiplof ' whioh enablu them to overoomo the evil elements and retain thoir fertility. But there was no sholl restorative powor in tho human heart, whioh had ovor been in its nitural.state, u dungeon of foul vapours, and a cage of' overy unoloan and hateful bird. Tho condition "of tho he» hon world showod what they themselves might have been, had it not ploased God to causo the day-spring from on high to visit thom, and to show thom his salva tion. Their British forefathers hod been little better than the Feejeeans—see them around yon ancient oak see that huge wicker idol; filled with innocent childron -see tho procession of hoary druids, ministers of that infernal sacrifice—see tho flames applied to tho idol, and hear tho loud roar of drums, and tho yells of the people, which drowned tho cries of tho victims. Those were their British ancestors ! And what had wrought tho great change which had taken place ? Simply', the Gospel of Christ. And could they doubt that what the Gospel had wrought for Britain it could also work for Feejee? Assuredly tho Gospel had lost none of its piwor; for, ns tho resolution assorted, there was in it a complete adaptation to tho wants of mankind. For example, man was a guilty sinner, and needed pardon. Conscience told him this, and accordingly false religions attempted to provide for this necessity of man's nature by proscribing penances, and sacrifices, and prayers, and fastings. Again, man was polluted, and needed cleansing ; and false religions provided various cere monial purifications. And further, man was unhappy and discontented : there was a void in his heart which he sought to fill ; and accordingly all false religions encouraged what were called amusements and carnal indulgences. But in all these things false religions failed : they afforded no reasonable assurance of pardon no effectual cleansing of tho soul—no true happiness or satisfaction : tho sense of guilt and pollution re mained; and after spending all his substance and all his years on tho pleasures of this world, tho deluded victim found himself as far from happy as ever. Tho Gospel alone supplied tho noooBBitios of man. The Gospel alono proclaimed pardon on seonro groundB : tho Gospel alone disclosed 'I tba fountain opened for the1 claiming of the noul'a 1 ! pollution : the Gospel alone gave peace and «atitfsction, land provided'a:«ure re»ting.pt»he. Aud'more than all, {man required.' sympathy, A ? man had. aifootion* and emotions, which must have, something to whiob they may'go forth.' A' roan could not ompty bis heartof'the.' world, unless som -tbing better wore given bim to All tho void: he could not forsake his worldly and carnal sympathies, unless somo higher sympathy was revealed to him. This was what the Gotpol did. It re- vealed to man'One who was the friend of the obief of sin- ners, and who had a part ia ovcry pang that rout the human breast. It wa« to carry thU blessed' Gospel to the poor benighted heathen that they Were that night asked to contribute And he trusted they would give liberally, not forgetting what tho resolution stated, that tba influences of the Moly'Spirit: were necessary to givo efficacy to all human efforts. ? Let there be . more prayer, as well as more liberality, and lot tbenï not doubt that the wilderness and tho solitary places should speed- ily be mada glad'and that tho desert should rejoice and blossom as tho raso. With these romark's, he had much pleasure in moving tba resolution.''¡ ' !.-*..' j' ti- . ' v . The Rev. F. ANGWIN, in rUing to «ecoDd .'thia . resolut tion,said that he only would advert'td one' or two points, as the evening was advanaing, and there were -yet other speakers who were expected'to addross the "'meeting. We wore- sometimes inclined to despond 'when 1 we- had diffictilties to'oontend with- in> the'good cause, i but he would remind them that when Christ senti His'disciples forth to preach the Gospel, Ha added1," arid lo I I am'with you alway, even to tho end' of tho world." ' TIris'should remind na that Ho is sitting on Hi-r. mediatorial throne pleading for tho' great' cause, 'Whiob.'' ho came 'into j the world to- aohievo, >ond While,', mortal ptwèrs wero! fleeting away Christ was sitting on that throne, moving and controling all. Tba Saviour bad promised to give the.' Spirit" tor 'reprove 'and Judge, the Wbrd,'and With': thia Spirit moving! and' controling,''wi)' 'had - no - right 'to . despair;- V".Î;>" v: zt.i'. *:u'j. > - V:.;J .tr.it a nv . Tho Bev. W.^HESSBI,, in rising ? to support this rèsolti tion, bagged to'excuse-himself-on tbe'score of fatigue, and expressed.' his happiness ia raceririg Bis Bathurst ?friend«, anticipating' tho best'results I from this- 'anni- versary. It had been -said that'a Saotobman was nover -happy unless' 'when abroad,- nor an Irishman but when fighting, an Englishman bat1 when miserable; he thought1 'each i.of .these 'paradoxes'might 'be reconciled 'by'the! missionary'oause; and it had alao> been asserted'that'a, mauls mide by the timas in whiob he lives. This might! ¡be true in ane1 jenso but he believed God made man far; I thal time«, and qualified them for tho tanka imposed upon: them.'"If noble objects give dignity, to individuil-J, then wos the present object fraught with dignity and honour! .to Us nil-it was'ths' most godlike task everimpoSed on1 rauh, ind it was our-bighost interest td familiarise our1 ?mindi ¡with this great thought of God. "The world is 'rayI'parish," was tba thought which made John Wesley what i ho was,'i und the thought'arising front the mis-1 .sionaryi bausa ' afforded ' the ? 'highest \ gratification ' to' -the' mind.1 ? IntulleotUal' pleasures of . nature' »nd art1 often 'givo - enjoyment to the- mind, but it waa; : not'to be measured with that arising' from missionary thoughts;' for-1 they impart tono, colour, and energy to 'mun.' If a man intended to bo raallygreat ho must devote himself to his follow-mén'j bur 'Lord Himself went ab'iut'1 doing -good,, and 'the'missionary oauao ; afforded Ihop'e for means to exercise the bliss of doing I 'good,-a bliss not tb be 'roalised' bul by self-devotion, ' und one which'brings in Into association "with' ' groot ' mindéi and'more than this', into copartnership'with God. ', He (tho speaker^ owed sb muoh mental 'enjoyment and i spiritual bappines's'lo'tha'missionàry cause'that on 'that j account alono'ha hoped never to be obliged'to forfeit'bi's ; connection with it.- >'He waa-'hot one1 of those'croaking ; old'' men1 who' believed' that; the causó would fl¿g When '. this 'generation wos-gono; 'ho 'believed Mn the' growing prosperity of tba Wesleyan work'until the end of the ; -world ;an'd that it'wouldlftot'báase'till rill tht» world -bad ? beed evangelised.' ' He had confllehae in bis' stlccoss'àrH', arid that' they Would : abundantly fulfil their mission. ; Many bb''trusted;' among them would live'to recount i their triumphs hereafter 'ont tho platformS 'öf this yost : 'Cominanr.- Hb (Mri Hoasel) wis1 comparatively ' but a ; " néw'ohuib," but ho''Had1 always' regarded' 'the' 'F¿ej*é t 'Itilands'With'greát'intere'Bt. ' Tile 'inhabitants' 'pf those ' iálands had1 been raised to tho'dignity bf being' God's sons, very many of them hod been oonvorted," and r^nounoed-"'thèir gods'/ 'cannibalism,* and 'other abominitions.'1 Ho ' looked : ' upon ' tbd 'Friendly Isles aa: tho bright spot in Missionary history. , : King Gobrg'e'was'ih fobt a Methodist King:' ' H'wa* 'truo'that same person? had found fault with'him; and especially H Mr. St. Julian,' who .styled Ihimself-Hawaidn1 Commis- sioner, who is also a reporter in the Sydney .Móming Herald! "arid who "-has' written' home 'an 'account pf Pb ly nesia.'in' which he'spoko very disrespectfully of the King! Vtliough'he wai very respeotful''tf» bini in his prosonaé), especially on tho score that - he King, in accordance with the commands of the'Scripture''bud taken adultery as thb'"àolo.excuse' for "divorce," uut this' Mri St. Julian asserted' [that 'four '"other1 ' reasons - 'existed; ' and' for 'thi i oauaó'assert id that the 'King 'was burbarods; brid-could' rfôPbT'férrog&Tff;é*d:Byany civilised nations until hb gave up as local preae'erll ; iThoso'.'weré 'that gentleman's views.upon a country' but lately emorgM'frohj'barDariStp,, lï wàB'niSn8tfâiis'.i'': 'The''progress ot Divino knowledge! was always grnduil, and it; wa» far^butter for the Polyne- sians to go upon the old-fashioned principle, and thoy would tlion'gröw'up a mighty Christian nation, and in thoir turn send forth missionaries Jo convert the heathen. All the refinement in tho world.was useless unless it was impregnated with the Gospel truths. Wo must,give those : benighted 4 péopIeJ-',the,,:Gqap'\V, \ and' thus prepare them far the reoeptien ,! of .political power. The 'reverend 'gentleman, whose ''fcpoo.-b^bxtbnded to a considerable'J longth, concluded b^'expressing his . fervent bops that the collection would be worthy of tho joooosion, and that bis audience would braeo, themselves to the effort,' anbl''thus(pnablo thera'tp'.8end tue requisite \- missionaries, not 'drily tb.'the.',Fi'pjèes, b it also to the ' Chinese; add in'short spread the--blessed'"'tidings of great joy" to .the, uttermoBt'Vn'dB of'the, ear. bVj,^.r Mr. CAnvb'sso moved-.'/.TJiatilho' following gentlemen ¡be members: of tba ooramittBB'.fnr ithe'.en'8Uin'8',year : - : MosBrsrTHbmpïbn,-Sweetman,- PdrkVr.'Stkn'ger.'Orton, : Holiday^iCralg, McDonald, Carvosso, Bray, Atkins, and ¡Martin; the' Rev. T. Angwii>,iBeoretory; and the Rev. >. H. H. GtUfl,' treasurer." .Wo had, 'lioeliid.'cbnirnitteos i for balls'antl other amusements; but thikicommU'tbe had i muoh higher and more important 'duties to perform. Its :work would be to promote 'the; salvation,pf. BOUIS-to 'nid in 'concerting from heath'eriifirh :th^'thousands and ; millions, of ftur.'fallojvoroaturos; in these ' Southern seas, ¡whose faoes were black, but hearts white. He must say -ho felt 'somewhat delicate-, in asking for increased exer- tions on thu part of tho'' committee,'.but, the résolution j having on'oo boon passed, he hoped thoy would carry out 'their work is H'b'eoame them as men-and .Christians. Mr. P>HI{ER flebonded the resolution. To, the. propos- ition jiist'mov'edby Mr.Carvosso ho would say '.'ditto," and uuder tho "circumstances he need not say;mii'dh'more. (He would bd glad that the young CommUteojust appointed ¡should the old hand? who .had just gone out how to work, ¡at there-was abundanoe of wjrk .to be doue. Aa the 'hour was'gro'wlhg late, he'Wiuld^'dt ^troubleJhera. with !a'*BpoëchV'bùVwôulï promotion of whioh-"they'Verb working were tho prin- cipies of liborty,. generosity'arid',trtitb,1'a'n'd contained ?w'.thin ithemselvöa .the libertyiproBorving1" olbmè'nts. The man, thorefore, ? who. WOB .- thoroughly -imbued1 with' thise Bentimenti,' .waa-ready to.'die. for his oàuspyor.'if ? suoh a sacrifice was not required, to''' work' it out 'with ' peraeveranoo .'and zeal the cud and objects which'it had' in view, i i.'.i. . . '".'-... .'« '.''» "*'.".<" " i A colloation took placo, at tho conclusion of which it was - announced : that : the colleotiob ' for the previous (Sunday) evening amounted. to A'SO 11s. ld.,1 and oh' tfaat'evening to£11 10B.'' ,.n > ' - <\- ' . ; '.. : The Rt'v. Mr. GATJD propose a vote of'thanks to'the' Chairman, .and in doing so, spoke of bim in bom'pli mentary torras, and of his willingness at all times to aid in oarrylngoutthonoblo workin which thoy weroongaged. Tho resolution was seconded by Mr. Angwin and carried, and tho ohairmoin aoknowledgi'd tho compliment in a few appropriate remarks, in tho oourso of whiob he cxproHBod a hope that in future missionary meetings they would próvido thoinselvoH with a chairman better able to perform tho important dutios of his position. 1 Tho proceedings terminated as thoy commenced, by singing and prayer. A POPE IN HIS LEISUIIG Hbtm,.- Pius VII. WOB in the habit of admitting occasionally into his society, in the ovohing, a fow persons whoso conversation ho relished. Among thosu was Ctinova, tho renovator of naulptura, its groatast modern muster, and at tho samo time a noblo and virtuous man. Another, who has bean mentioned, WOB his Secretary of Latin Lbtters, Monsignor Tostó. Thia oxcollunt man united in himself many rora qualities. Ho was an alogant olussioal acholar, and oom posed bia Latin letters us few olso aould do; ho was acqttaintod with modern lnngtiagos, whiah ho mado uso of chielly for tho study or geology, nnd other natural soienoos, in whiah ho took groat delight. .This led to a particular friendship hotwuou him and tho E.iglish College. Ila was to bo found evory aftornoin taking MB walk on Monto l'incio, generally In company with two or thruo frionds, of whom tho illustrious Alai waa one. Títere ono could join him, and' loam tho political and ecclesiastical ohit-oliat of tba day. Sometimos a long- haired Armenian or Syrian, or an American or Chinoaa miationnry, would ba in tho group, and contribute Inter eating Intelligence from tho extremitioa of tho earth. Jlceoilectloiu of the Four Lott Pope», By Cardinal Witcman, 