Nuthiiig elevates it« s» much as tho presence ufa fa- miliar spirit, yet superior io nurown, A disputatious Mun.-' Wilt, it isas pininos that two ami two make fuur,' * Uni 1 (leny that tito; fur 2 nod 2 make VS' The Philad. Iphia Gazette, upending of a new Prima Dunn i. says, ' Her vnieu is as soft ns a roll of velvet, and ns tendel' as a pair of. slop-shop pantaloons.' A Sailor was rerently brought before a mngistratc for btu ti UK Iiis wife, when the magistrate attempted to reach his hcatt by asking him if lie did not know (lint his wile was tho weaker vessel ? ' If tho is, sho ought not tu carry so much sail', replied Jack Cruel impertinence,-' You flutter mo', said & thin exqui- site thu other day to a lady who was praising the beauty of his moustache. ' For heaven's sake, ma'am', interposed an old skipper, 'don't make that monkey any Hull'r than he is now". ¡s Disinterested Kindness-' May 1 bo married, mn?' said a little beauty uf fourteen to her motlier. ' Why do you want to be married?' returned thu mother. 'Why, ma. you kuuw* that tho children IIAVO never seen anybody mar- ried, mid 1 thought it might p ease Ilium'. Whit did it?-A letter was lately found in which one fr ¡en d spuke so freely of another that lt led to an ir rccoiicile.'ihlo quarrel. ' I um sui prised', observed W.. ' that such* bitter hostility should arise out of' su trivial a cniiie'! * I nm nut at all', replied J., ii is quite natural -for K friend becomes a fiend if you drop a letter'. A I'nkee Advertisement. - A down-easter advertises for ti wife in the following manner:-* Any gal what's gut a cow, a g nd feather heil with comfortable Ktiii'a. H vu bundled dollars in the hnrd powter- onu that's had the' measles und understands tomlin' children can Hud a customer for life, by wri tin' » small billy dux. addressed tn Q. Z., and sticking it in a crack of unclu Kbeneter's barn, back side, juiiiiii'the hogpen'. The Cappel smith.-A Wesleyan brother was engaged in preaching a collection sermon, and pleaded earnestly that the congregation would give him a goud collection. At tim condition, thc plates were produced, «nd the good man. perceiving that copper and not silver, was the pro- minent coin, raid, with great solemnity. . 1 perceive, my brethren, that now. ai in the days of Paul, Alexander the coppersmith has dono us much evil'. Dis igreeahle Truths. IJon't flauer yourself thnt friend- ship authorises you to say disagreeable thing« to ymir in- timates. On the contrary, the rearer you come into rela- tion with a person, the more necessary do tact lind courtesy become. lixcept in cases of necessity, which aro rare, leave your friends tu learn unpleasant truths from his enemies; they aro ready enough to tel] him. Good breed- ing never forgets that amour proprle is universal \\\ hon you rea¿ the story of the Archbishop and Oil lilas you may laugh, if yon will, at thu poor old man's delusion ; but-don't forget th it thc youth was'the greater fool of thc two. and that his master served such a bouby rightly in turning him out of doiirs. How ta be Fascinating.- We aro taught to be ' wiso as serpents and harmless as doves', and theso two qualities must bo Inseparable. To be harmless or sim plo without wlstlnm or prudence would leave us a pieyto the worldly minded. To he checrfu1, peace of mind is requisite, mid if wo uro not cheerful wu cinnut fascinate. Simplicity in all wo say ls tho perfection of Innocence, and of all the mentis of fascinating those with whi m we are brought into contact, lhere ls none so powerful as simplicity and .elegance of speech, which enahleus tu clotho our thoughts' in dear mid expressive, terms, Hut tu the simplicity of tile dove wa must mid the prudence uf the serpent. We mast nut only talk pleasantly but ssnsibly also. Prudence teaches us tn he truthful honest, und courteous. Incident of th' late Disaster.-In tho recent railroad disaster tn a fi eight train on tho Jiîew York Central, a tall Hlah'sideil limit haired Yankee drover was, along with six hones, tn thu eur which was precipitated down tho «DI bankmont. It 'rollad over and over until it roached tho liottum of tho hollow below, and rested upon its sida, lu a minuto or two the-terrible sublimity of tho scene wits broken, anti the consternation of tho spectators changed 1 to mirth upon seeing the duur of the upset car thrown open and tho head and body of tho Vermont drover pro j joining out of it) his elongated physiognomy expi egging the must uriiuitigtucd astonishment. ' H'hal ou airth,' hu exclaimed, 'arc y<t dom' ont' Tho effect was irresistibly comic, und thc spectators had to laugh, in spite of the calamity. A Westmoreland Shcpherdess.-^Oae Sunday, withio tho last hundred years, thu servico bad cominanccd in a coun- try church ;i few milos from Penrith, when in walked s W' limn in a erny cloak, accompanied hy two half-gruwn j urchins, with eyes und mouths most fearfully agnpo, and tho trio took their seats in all modesty noar tho door. Hy-and-by tho clergyman gave out his text- 'Jesus I know, and l'uni 1 know, but who are ye?' Tho grny cloak was agitated 'Tho text was energetically repeated, and the minister's eye seemed cast towards tho party seutod behind tho door. Our friend iii gray stoud up. and with the voice of a shepherdess on a Westmore and fell', replied to tho pointed question, ' Please sar, 1'BU Betty Jones, o' Wetsleddalo, an' thia is nur Bob an, our Peggy, n..' wo'se ga'nn to Penrith to see our Nancy, an' wo thotvt we'd just cum in an* seo what yo war mackeo, an' git a mst. P-rfeetty ens'.-A waggish friend of oura tells the fol- lowing, which wo do not recollect tu have scon in print: A certain man who wo will call M-, waa noted for possessing great courage and presence of mind, and the crossest wife in tho neightiourhoud. Alora limn one at- tempt hud been made to frighten M-- without suc- cess; but ono dark, stormy evening, ono of his brother chips, resolved to see if theio was nny scare in him, fixed himself in a lonely piece of wood throut-h which M had to pass on his way homo. Tho pretended ghost had scurcoly settled himself in his positi n when M hove in sight, anti carno whistling along unconcerned as usual Suddenly the ghostly tigtiicconfronted him, mid in a sepulchral voice commanded him to stop. vi did io,and alter regarding his companion for a moment, said, with tho utmost coolness-' I can't stop, friend; if you ure a mau, I must request you to get out of tho way anti let mc pass; if you uro Old Nick, como along and take supper with mo - / married your sister'. An Afr ic m Model for English Adverlisns.-In the Cape Town A'gttx is the following spicy advertisement from a clothier*-'Fair dealing ia based upon a legitimate con- gruity h.-tireen quality and price a real cu-aptatinn in the essential clements of put chuso-without which prof- fered bargains are but hollow deceits, and all tho high Bounding gu-cotiade ubutit cheap but flimsy artilice, how- ever blandly recommended by that obsequiousness which cringes but to deceive- or garnished by that servile smile which fawns but to deludo. A. G Matheson has, fur eleven years, in No. 20, Longmarkcl-street, successfully und profitably eschewed cringing, yet has uniformly prac- tised that honest, manly civility which fawns not-con- fiding in the regularity and sincerity of his endeavors to establish such a fair congruence bctweon the quality and prico nf gent'omen's wintîr apparel as . cannot fail to recommend his newly imported garments to eveiy judi- cious buyer who is not unfortunately nfilictud with a mor- bid and prepusculous reliance on the commercial policy of those »ho have higgling effrontery enough to ask thirty shillings and ultimately accept of fifteen shillings for a garment on which they ought never perhaps in fairness to have demanded more than twelve shillings.' JuniCiAL HKVAKATIO.-I.-This wno a Buit in tho Court fur Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, fur judicial separa- tion, promoted by Mrs Ann Deane against ber husband Arthur Denne, n lieutenant iii the'berkshire Militia, on the ground of adultery committed with an actress called Jlrs"Tujruer. formerly of thc Olympic T'hootro. Tho hus- band did not appear. Dr Phillimuru (with whom was Dr Spinks) briefly stated the casu, and called Elizabeth Sainsbury, cousin of tho petitioner, who said shu was pre- sent nt tho niiirri.ige.'vrhich took place in the month of December. 1835, at St Mary's. Beading. Wm Peachey, landlord uf the Ship Hotel, Oxford, sail a gentleman calling himself Caption Deane came to his houiC In Janu- ary, 1857. and engaged a bedroom, with the use of a sit- ting loom. Ile remained at the Ship about three days, after which he went to private lodgings. Ile had a fe- male with him whom he called his wife They occupied ono bedroom. He said they were guing to play at an amateur performance ut the Star, und ho gave witness a ticket. Witnest saw tho performance) the persons des- cribed in the handbills na Mr Deane and Mrs furner were the persons of whom witness spoke Thc ploys were S lie Stoops to Conquer, Time Tries and Domestic Economy The lady in court (.Mrs Deane) was not the Indy witness saw hliza Cox. icrviint to thu last witness, gave similar evidence Louisa Co'ko. of ll, Gloucester-!*reen, Ox- ford, a laundress, said that Captain Ileane took lodgings Ht lier house for Mrs Turner. Ile himself lodged at Mrs Burnett's, ut the next door: but hu took his meals with Mrs Turner and wus with her all day. They were olten alone together, and he walked out with her arm- in-nrni. I nptiiiii Duane often spoke to witness uf his wife, whom hu said w.-is at Reading Jiu once slept in thosauti- room with Vhs Turner. Witness herself saw Captain Deane cominir out of Mrs Turner's bedroom, liniily Worlund. servant to the last witness, had heard Mrs furner go duwn stairs and let Captain Deane in, nt five in the morning , Sir C. Cresswell said he should pronounce for the judicial j separation, ami should award to ike, wife £X0 a year as ; alimony, being half thu income of which it was shown that I defendant was in the receipt. The defendant of course to pay costs'.- Overloud Mai', March 25lh. 