&ate; European Jhtteiligeitce, From our own files t*Tth£.16th August we compile the following summary:— Contrary to general expectation, the Derby Government seems to be steadily advancing in public opinion It appears to be a Min istry peculiarly susceptible of pressure from without, and so much so that the Irish Roman Catholic party has pronounced in its favour. Little attention is being paid to Lord Palmerston by the great whig party, and it is thought that if any change shall occur soon, Lord John Russell will be the new premier. The House of Lords, by a majority of 21, has thrown out the bill passed in the Commons for legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister. The only churchman that supported the bill was the Bishop of Ripun, who replied to the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Bishop of Exeter was particularly vehement in denouncing the bill, a copy of which lie dashed upon the floor of the House whilst be was speaking, and declared it was a wretched measure, which, if passed, would solemnise incestuous inter course. Lord^Overstoue expressed bis as tonishment at the language which had pro ceeded from the ecclesiastical bench. On the day before the Queen set sail for Cherbourg, her Majesty distributed 12 Vic toria crosses, as rewards for acts of valour in the Crimea and India. The ceremony, which was a most successful one, took place on Soutbsea Common. Mr. Lindsay has given some amusing descriptions of various incidents that oc curred during the Queen's visit to Cher bourg. One is relative to several British seamen having got up to the trucks of their masts, and while standi ng-on one leg, and swinging the other tototql fro, Jvaved a flag of England with the Hbnd! The Fjpnch men, it appears, remained von their yards, and much merriment was the consequence on board of the English ships of war. The * Times' sarcastically remarks, in an article on postal communication with Australia" Some fatal influence seems to hrood over all our schemes for easy com munication. with the Australian colonies Her Majesty's mail boxes, when inscribed for Sydnev, or Melbourne, or Victoria, or Wellington, or Hobart Town, seem to carry the curse of Jonab upon them. Steamers carrying them break their main shafts or catch fire; clipper ships turn at once into * water- bruisers,' steam refuses to propel them and sails refuse to waft them; they wander about the two oceans ' quite pro miscuously,* and arrive, like a leisurely dandy at a dinner party, after everybody's patience has been exhausted, and only in time to add the last drop to a brimming ill-humour." Between the 1st Jan. last and tbe middle of Aug. tbe Government Emigration Com missioners chartered 33 ships, of which 27 sailed prior to tbe 16th August. Those for New South Wales contained 3 442 emi grants, equal to 3030$ statute adults, 4-94 being married couples, 944 single men, 788 single women, 297 boys and 324 girls between 1 and .12, 43 male and 58 Lmale infants—2184 wfeje English, .911 Irish, and 347 Scotch. jThe total number of emigrants conwyed ;tb the Australian | colonies amounted V) 8t5lt*f°%qual to 7486 : statute adults, of whom 987 were married j couples. 2219 single men, 2537 single wo men, 823 boys between tbe ages of 1 and I 12, 833 girls between the same ages, 117 ! male infants and 116 female; 4359 were | English, 947 Scotch, and 3313 Irish. £514 10s- had been subscribed for the j purchase of the alpacas to be presented to the Victorian Government. About £1000 ja all was require-'. A punchbowl, elaborately chased with an appropriate design of fruit, flowers, and (francs, and weighing 82 ozs., was ready i f.»r transmission to the Mayor and Corpora- ! tion of Adelaide, by tbe Alice Maud. It is ; a present from some of the original founders oi South Australia, so tiiat colonial wine may be drunk out of it to the memory of \ Lieut. Col. Light, the first Surveyor Gene ral of that colony. Short messages had already been ex changed by the Atlantic telegraph line, and C immunication daily improving. Ex- j perienced men fiave declared their belief that j the former cable was not. broken by a strain in paying out, but that it was bitten in two by a shark. This opinion was kept a strict secret until after the enterprise had been succ ssful on the last occasion, lest a know ledge of it might have bad effects. Now, some apprehension is felt thaCt^is once un l-ioked"for danger may become trpublesome. Sir Colin Campbell has alt -length been raised to Hie peetage, by the title of Baron Clyde, of ClydesdaSe. Some dissatisfaction i* expressed tbgi John Laurence, a man i>;' distinguished abilities, has only received b baronetcy. i-SyThe King of Bonny, on the western coast of Africa, is in England on a visit. He talks English well, and has obtained some celebritv from having put down cannibalism in bis dominions. The appearance on a hue occasion of a negro, black as a coal, sitting in tbe place of honour reserved for pe-rs when they visit the House of Com mons, excited "some amusement amongst n*-arlv all present. ' The Leviathan cannot be got ready for sea. owing to the funds of the company having run out, and all attempts to raise a sufficient sum proving abortive. A corres pondent in the ' Times* says that as from all sides he hears that the Leviathan can never pay, the Government should buy her, aad eunvc:t her hull into a giant floating citadel, capable of fighting a Baltic fleet or a second Trafalgar without assistance, He \- nuld vive her a shot-proof iron casing, and. pkein<r* all the gunr on her lower decks. tid her to cruise in the Channel, when if a iy fo-cign squadron should venture too «4r he would clap on aft-steam. and run t ."rou'h, over, or down, all the rabble of three-deckers, frigates, and gunboats that c'.uld be brought against her ! He protests tbat she would then be worth all tbe wooden 1: ■ ■- . walls that had everAbeea collected at Spit head. The traction engi ne tried recently by the Go vernment seems to >e a successful hit. One ot these locomotives lately ctyitifeyed along the Y\ estminster- road, with tile greatest pre cision and ease, castings ofiimmense size and weight, intended for H.M.S. Mersey, building at Woolwich. It had a load suffi cient for a dozen horses; and the facility with winch it was managed and wound round ;v%icles standing in front of trades men s d^ors was truly maryellmis. Professor Owen, to theyiatisfaction of the scientific public, has beenjelefffed Fullerian Professor of Physiology at the Royal Insti tution—the salary being about £ 100 per annum. The Earl of Derby has placed Mr. J. B. Lindsay, a celrflfrat^d electrician, on the Literary and Scientific Pension List, for r£l00 per annum. Dr. John Snow, agentlfciiAn noted for his researches on the ejects of 4tWfer, chloroform, and other anaesthetic agents on the human system, and the discoverer of the connection between the impurity of the water in the Thames and choleras-died on the lfitb June. Professor Iiamsay has been examining the geological characteristics of Canada, with the view of endeavouring to define the time at which the great drift- period closed. His observations suggest the conclusions that the great escarpment seen at Queenston and Lewiston was % once a coast-line washed by the sea, which deposited ,a clay, known locaily as the^Leda clay, and while this de posit was goVg on, the falls of Niagara began to plunge over the escarpment; that these falls have worn a deep gorge back through the rock for seven miles to their present site, at the rate of a mile, as geo logists calculate, in 5000 years—hence, 35,000 years have elapsed since the close of the drift period ! If this calculation can be verified, Van important step will be gained," as Professor Ramsay observes, " towards the jgptual estimate of a portion of geologicahTime." « ,, Sir Charle# Lvell, after Visiting Tene riffe, Etna, qiM Vesuvius, and instituting persevering and laborious investigations on the spot, relative to the origin of volcanic craters, dissents from the opinion hitherto popular with scientific men—that these craters are the»result of upheaval. Lyell attributes tbem to the repeated outpourings of molten materials, by which tkev have been successively built up on the outside. A lighterman in J^ondon died lately, from cholera morbus,^auS^l by exposure to the I stench arising froig^ihte Thames. During one week after the commence ment of the great summer attendances at the Crystal Palace2A,fi95 persons visited ' the place. , Mr. Albert Smith has clasel his Mont Blanc entertainments, and lift jfor China, to collect material|Jtt*% new exhibition. Mr. Justice Wflles and a jury at Guild ford have decided an important cause touch ing the freedom $$«4be Press, in which the proprietors of the'* Athenaeum* were charged by a Mr. Eastwood _with having published a libel on his character, and tending to in jure his interests.^ It appears that a report of proceedings at the Archaeological Asso ciation was forwarded for publication by the acting secretaries of the association, and on its appearing in the'* Athenaeum* Mr. Eastwood would not *mcept the writers as responsible, but chose tfle proprietors of the journal. Mr. Justice Welles observed that it had been laid down by one of the sages of the law that what a man said honestly and bona fide, in the course <jf a public dis cussion in matters concerpipg the public interest, no matter even if &e;'spyk£ rashly, and what he said was not true^till, any sta*e nent made under such circumstances would not be a libel. It had also been equally clearly laid down, said the Judge, that before any plaintiff could ask redress for a libel befmipt show distinctly that the j libel complained bLapplied to him, and to h<Kot^er»p^snStWs" It would be a new doc trine SndeA,"",*Saw he, "if it were to be who said that aU law yers were "rtgJLSfc might be sued by every individual lawyer in the kingdom." The jury found a verdict of not guflty. Some dissatisfaction having been enter tained respecting Mr. Rareks fchW often guineas for each pupil, add<$ latter giving security not to divulge the secret of horse-taming, when the re-publication of a pamphlet bv Mr. Rarey setting forth the leading points of the system could be pur chased in London for fid., Mr. Rarey has written to the ' Times' on the subject. He states that the pamphlet referred to was i composed soon after his discovery, and is j therefore meagre in details, and "contains i none of his late improvements ; and that it | was first published privately in America, j for the sole use of*his pupils. He entirely i releases his Eogligtfpupils from the penalty : attached to < th^uond which they have j signed, and expresses regret that "an act unauthorised by him should have caused any dissatisfaction^-Mr Rarey, in another communication^rtrongly advocates the dis use of " blinkeii" for carriagediorses. The creditors of the Rbyal British Bank j have received 13s. fid. in the pound. Some ! nf riie sufferers by Jhe Western Bank have j been reduced tojs state of abject poverty, i and an appeal is being made on their behalf. | >•!', fJuiiipiirey Brown, once a director j of the first-named/mank, on being liberated , ; t*'3e Queen's, Bench prison, made a ! | public entry into Tewkesbury, when his I ! horse was taken out of the vehicle, and a J [ mob of men., women, and children dragged ' | him into the townHe- completed hisTri | umpb by delivering a speech... ! Our r^Sam-s wiil recalled"that Sir E. B. j Lvtton, on the hustings at his late i re-election, was exposed to Vehement at ! tack by his wife, who has been separated > from him for some years. Subsequently ! several medical certificates of the lady's ! alleged insanity were procured, and she | was seized and placed either in a private ; house or a private lunatic asylum (for ac , counts differ). Lytton incurred so much j obloquy m consequence that an arrange ment was soon afterwards effected, by which his wife will travel for a time. It seems : that upon her marriage the lady transferred ■ a small property £400 a year to her husband—that th# latter, whose circum stances Jjjere not Very tiflluent, might ob tain Parliament. They at length mutually agreed to a separation, when her husband allowed her £400 a year during bis own life. Lytton's income swelling to an estimate of £8000 or £10,000 per an num, the lady became exceedingly wroth that he, refused to supplement her paltry £400, and, failing Jto get more, allowed herself to drift into debt, that she might the more effectually annoy him. She also lampooned him in the most scurrilous man ner* -,Tlie above sequel has been the result, and ..although young Lytton, in describing the -close .pf the affair in a letter to tbe papers, 'dOM^not state that tbe lady has had her income enlarged, there is little doubt but that she has carried her point. Touching lunatics kept privately, there was lately a case brought before the Hartle pool magistrates, respecting a brother and a sister named Wilkinson who had been kept in a private dwelling-house during twenty years. The appearance of the two unfor tunate creatures when they were called upon for removal by the officials was discredit able. They were clothed in rags, and their apartments were small, dark, and in a filthy state. As it was proved, however, that they had not been violently used, nor stinted of food, no penalty was pressed for, and their removal to a public asylum was directed. A shooting match, which excited much military interest, took place on Aug. 3rd, between seven sergeant^ of tbe Koyal En gineers, and seven sergeants of the 2nd depot battalion at Chzjmam Barracks ; each was furnished with 20 rounds; tbe distance for firing varied from 350 to 600 yards. Tbe sergeants of the line had the best of it on tbe commencement, but they lost ground on their firing the long range, viz., 500 to 550 and 600 yards, the engineers making first-rate firing at the long distance. On the conclusion of the match, it was found that the sergeants of tbe engineers averaged 17 points, and those of the 2nd depot bat talion averaged 13 points and 88 decimals. Colour Sergeant Thomas Barrow made the extraordinary number, of 21 points, as also Colour Sergeant Gosliri^of the 52nd. The Berwickshire constsbja&ry; have been supplied with a field glass, about 3 inches in diameter, with one slide, capable of com manding a clear view of an object at a dis tance of twenty miles. A young lady, with a foreign accent and rather eccentric manners, dressed all in white, with yellow boots, recently alighted at the Peterborough Railway Station. Her luggage was addressed with the following blasphemous and ridiculous inscription :— " Her Divine Majesty, the Zion Holy Ghost, Empress of the Universe, Beloved Bride of Heaven, passenger to Silverdale, near Lancaster." And she further stated, in answer to enquiries, that she was an angel from Heaven. A \ oung woman \fcas latelv delivered of 22} lbs. of cigars, w&ch; had hidden under the shelter of hdi" crinoline dress, at St. Katherine's Wharf. After she had been sentenced to pay a fine of £100, or be imprisoned for six months, the tide-sur veyor, in reply to a remark from the magis trate, said he should always suspect every woman who wore crinoline. A case of breach,|>f promise of marriage, in which the dp&fulant; is an M.P., and tbe damages are iCid at £10,000, has been en tered for trial at Bristol. Mr. John Shakspere, who gave £5000 for the purchase jand preservation of his immortal namesake's bouse at Stratford, and bequeathed by will *£2500, besides a yearly sum of £60, died a short time ago, at the age of 83. He could trace no rela tion with the poetr** The sum expanded in 1856-7 for army and militia purposes was £21,116,000. While the traffif on English railways is apparently decrepifing, the receipts from the Irish railway^are improving. Alex. BonCmeo, alias Dr. Tucker—the fellow who cheated the newspapers with a report of an imaginary Italian Conference, some time ago-g-has been committed, on the charge of bigamy. f A seaman^amed Wm. Thistle lms been apprehended; by the /?Newcastl£^bn-Tyne police, qp a charge of embezilipg nearly £1000, the property of tbe owners of the vessel to which he lately belonged. While some men belonging to a dye house at Bradford were recently unloading a waggon of logwood, one of them drew a whip-snake out of a hollow log. In 1857 duty was paid on 187,414,667 lbs. of paper. A new dodge1'is current amongst those who live by thair wits. One man goes into a shop, toiuy some trifling article, when his accomplice drives up in a dashing dog-cart, and whilst the shopkeeper hurries to enquire of the fashionable customer what be wants, the one in the shop vanishes with the contents of tbe till or the cash-box. Thomas Forside, aged fel, and impri soned at Chatham on a &qpnd; sentence of transportation, of 14 vear% Contrived lately to escape from gaol, by cutting away a portion of the iron ceiling of his cell, and then crawling between the rafters and roof of the prison until he found an opening, let himself into the yard with the assistance of his sheet and blankets torn and twisted like a rope. He next crossed the high foundry \va!!, but on descending outwards he was fired at by*a coastguard. He es caped unhurt, bu^^dlas apprehended in a day or two aftefwards. Forside's feat is said to have been wdYthy of a Jack Shep pard. as the work was all done in one night, hut there is no doubt that he had obtained tools from the dockyardftjjrfrig the day. Among otherf^Rres have occurred recently, one between 'Step'ney and Lime house has cost £ 100,000, and a seeo nd conflagration in tbie London Docks Ware houses about £jp0,000. In the latter case, the south-dock Quay for several hours pre j sen ted the appearance of a river of liquid treacle, the sugar in the various warehouses melting and running to waste under the combined effect of heat and water. The contact of sugar with saltpetre is supposed to have caused an explosion quite equal in force to that of a large quantity of gun powder. Two firework factories in Westminster Road have been destroyed by fire. In a few minutes after the first alarm Madame Coton's factory was blown into the air, wbiie rockets and powerful fireworks of every description, in their violent explo sions, knocked down crowds of men, wo men, and children. Some of the rockets shot across the street into another firework factory, and explosions continued until the combustible materials were wholly de stroyed. The adjoining houses were very much damaged, and the exertions of the police and firemen had to be wholly sus pended for a time. A man was killed, a child was burnt to a cinder, and about 300 persons were more or less hurt, some dan gerously, Madame Coton being amongst the latter. While several mowers who were recently cutting clover in a field near Sherborne stopped, to whet their scythes and take re freshment, one of them threw himself down on the swathe-next his own, and fell asleep. His neighbour, on commencing work, did not observe him, and the first stroke of his scythe severed the jngula?* vein of the sleeping man in two. Of course death im mediately ensued. Three men, in returning from Granton to Burntisland, have been lost. Their boat was found lying on her beam-ends on the beach at Cramond Island. Whilst a Major Hamilton was lately rowing his boy and girl about Binstead the boat upset, and strange to say, he was lost, while the children were saved. By an accident on the London and N. W. Railway, recently, one man was so shockingly mutilated as to preclude hope of recovery, and five other persons were also wounded, but not so dangerously. James Searle, aged only 19, was hanged lately, at Dorchester, for the murder of a young woman named Griffy, at Stoke Ab botts, and setting fire to the house in which his victim resided. He committed the murder with a cheese knife, during the absence of the farm labourers at their work. Endeavours were made to procure a com mutation of Searle's distance, but in vain. A well-known builder named Gates was lately discovered lying dead on a highway in the outskirts of the metropolis. He had been twice 6tabbed in the region of tbe heart, and his face was frightfully dis figured. On tbe night of Aug. 1 a Miss Scaife, the daughter of a farmer at Darley, on the line of the Leeds Northern Railway, was murdered by a young man named Atkin son, to whom she was engaged, and who is the son of a flax spinner. On the 4th Atkinson made a confession before the magistrates at Knaresborough, from which it appeared that as the girl had refused to fulfil her promise of being married to him, on the plea that she did not think they would be happy together, he pulled out a clasp knife and cut her throat. A young lady named Butler has been murdered at Broxbourne, bv an escaped lunatic from Hoxton asylum." A labouring man named Hoare was re cently observed praying aloud, in a field near Sydenham. In reply to a policeman, he said he bad struck his wife with a poker and killed her. Mrs. Hoare's body was exhumed, and on the ribs being found frac tured Hoare was examined and committed for manslaughter. A man named Hall, residing at Stafford, having become temporarily insane, through excitement in reference to a dispute about a fishing privilege, stabbed one Cooper, a friend and lodger, who died. Hall then kissed his children and cut his own throat. On the 14th April an old man named John Bucknell was shot dead in the cellar of his house, at Coombe, Somersetshire, and bis wife was hacked to death in her bed. A jury have found John Baker Buck nell, a grandson of the unfortunate couple, guilty of the double murder, but the evi dence, though well linked together, is whollv circumstantial. Thomas CuIIen, aged 54, and who had been for many years a successful writer, lately threw himself over tbe railing of tbe staircase in the Lambeth workhouse, where he was an inmate, and, falling head fore most about 33 feet, died almost immediately. A sudden flash of insanity, induced bv dyspepsia and low spirits, was attributed as the cause of the act. Mr. H. M. Witt, aged 28, a chemist of great abilities and an able writer, has died from the effects of *' nicotine" (essential oil of tobacco), administered by bis own hand. At the inquest Professors Taylor and Hoff man spoke against the use of tobacco and snuff as poisonous. A woman who threw herself into the Thames, recently, was picked up in a second afterwards, but it was with great difficulty that animation could be restored. The ma gistrate said that she had evidently run more risk of being poisoned than drowned, from the abominahle state of the river: and on the poor creature expressing gratitude, and promising to attempt neither "to poison i-.r drown herself again she was discharged from oust© v. ° Tbe 4 Home News' gives the following London wool report for August:—The iargest sales of the year commenced on the of July, and will close it is generally expected on the 24th of August. The quan tity already passed the hammer exceeds (50.000 bates, and judging from the number still remaining, full ?r>.<i00 bales will be catalogued. The intimation given in our last report that the attendance of buyers, both home and foreign, would be lar»e," and I that prices would open at an average advance j of Id. per lb. on the opening sales" has been I fully maintained ; indeed prices stiffened I gradually for the first 10 days, until imme j diate requirements were satisfied This ten j deney to higher prices caused several manu facturers and dealers to go home ; advantage of this was taken to produce lower prices— a result which was obtained to the extent of about Id., with a declining tendency ; but the presence of one buyer with free"orders for speculation soon told on the market; this, coupled with the reports that had reached the north of lower prices, brought a good sprinkle of fresh faces, and prices may be said to have gradually hardened until the opening advance has been more than main tained. Really good combing clothing flocks have been in great demand for export, and to the competition for foreign account we are entirety indebted for so satisfactory a result, as it must be matter of gratula tion to importers aud the trade generally that so large a sale should up to date have been quitted at such even prices. There have been riots at Kilkenny, caused by the introduction of improved reaping ma chines. Two machines were broken up, and in one case the destruction was accom panied with personal violence. On the appearance of 50 policemen from Dublin, and two troops of dragoons from Curragh,' confidence was restored, and the town be came quiet. The cost of the machines will of course be chargeable upon the barony. Prince Alfred has been making a tour in Ireland, in company with a favourite man of-war's man named Walker. He is said to have won the warm attachment of the people. In the sale of encumbered estates, there is an improvement of from 20 to 25 per cent, over the rates realised four or five veara ago. The new petitions, it appears! are numerous and extensive, while a great number of the purchasers are Scotchmen. Much excitement has been occasioned in Dublin by the fact that the Rev. Dr. Sadleir, one of the senior fellows of Trinitv College, and senior dean for the year, has hung himself, whilst labouring under tem porary insanity. A French gentleman named De Merin has also committed suicide, in Dublin, bv first inflicting a severe gash upon his left arm, and then cutting his throat. "W hilst a strolling fiddler was latelv play ing to a number of mill-workers, at a vil lage near Lisburn, country Antrim, dancing commenced, and was kept up with spirituntil two men, named Martin, who resided next door, complained of the noise preventing any I possibility of sleep. The dancers vielded, j and weife retiring, when a disturbance ensued, in which the Martins stabbed two j men, one of whom fell dead, and the other was dangerously wounded. The Martins were subsequently arrested. The town Council of Edinburgh has elected Dr. Lyon Plavfair as professor of chemistry, to fill the "place of the late Dr. Gregory, by a large majority over Dr. Thus. Anderson. On tbe 24tb of June a gre3t masonic dis play was made in Edinburgh on the occasion of laying the foundation of a new hall tbere for tbe G rand Lodge of Scotland, The event drew together between 3000 and 4000 Free masons, representing nearly all the lodges of Scotland, beaded by the Duke of Atlioll, Grand Master Mason of Scotland. There was a numerous deputation present from the Grand Lodge of England, beaded bv Lord Panmure. The proposed hall will represent a temple of the Ionic order, and will cost, including the purchase of the site, nearly £10,000. In the evening about 890 of the masonic brethren sat down to a a banquet in the Music-hall, the grand master presiding. A young man lately walking along the edge of the Caimgarroch heughs, Wigtown, fell over one of them. It was not perpen dicular, but rather inclining to a declivity, computed to be nearly 300 feet in depth. Over this the youth rolled without receiving a single fracture of bone, although much bruised and cut. Four little boys were recently amusing themselves, by leaping in and out of an old corn-chest at a farm on the Carse of Gowrie, but, while tbey were all in, the lid fell, and the holder caught the padlock staple. The ploughman had fed the horses, and was leaving for the night, when he heard a noise in the cbest, which induced him to lift the lid. The boys were drawn out quite unconscious, but soon recovered. Had they been left till morning, there would have been four corpses. On the night of July 19th Robert Orr, a weaver resident at Paislev, was stabbed to the heart by Mr. Wm Wvlie, a gentle man the junior partner of* a firm, and labouring for some time under fits of in sanity. The • Inverness Courier' describes a cu rious phenomenon " After the late thun derstorm a deposit resembling sulphur was observed in several places in this neighour hood. At Freebum it lay on the road and grass in some places to the depth of nearly half an inch. At Oraigton Cottage, near Kessock, the deposit was observed on the top of water caught in a cask from the rain of the house like a thick cream. The sul phurous substance was skimmed off and dried on a piece of flannel. When drv it was a fine powder, and when thrown into the fire ignited exactly like gunpowder, making a slight fizzing noise. Unfortu nately, none was preserved beyond what was experimented on in this way. A boat at Craigion was powdered all over with the same substance; and a counti yman living on the height near Kiimuir savs that near his house, in the space of what an ordinary washing-tub would cover, he couhi lift the j powoer with a spoon. The heavy rains nave since washed it all awav." Logic.—" If we are to live after death, I why don't we have some knowledge of it ?" said a sceptic to a clergyman. "Why didn't you have some knowledge of this world before you came into it?" was the caustic reply. ^ A l;»iy named Temple, who is well i known in the fashionable regions of Bel- i gravia. has discovered a remedy for stutter- i ing. It is simply the act of reading in a whisper, and gradually augmenting the whisoer to a louder tone. i 