ESSENCE OF "PUNCH." [Extracted from the Latest Numbers.] A PRECIOUS RUSSIAN PEERAGE. The reading public has just been presented with A Hand- book of the Principal Families in Russia, of which the alleged author is Prince Paul Dolgorouki, and which, having been originally written in French, has been translated into our language by P. z. Why the translator of this book should have concealed himself under initials one does not see, but the work contains passages which might have rendered it very prudent for the original writer to have taken that precau- tion. Here, for example, is a statement touching the founder of one noble Russian family : " Alexander Menschikoff, a pastry-cook of Moscow, made a butler to Peter the First, was enlisted by this monarch in his guards, and rapidly moved to the rank of General-in-Chief The above extract seems to have been not very carefully calculated to please Prince Menschikoff, or Menschikoff. Whether true or false, it is hardly the sort of thing that one Prince would be likely to say about another, unless he wanted to insult him. There is nothing disgraceful to anybody in being descended from a pastrycook, and doubtless the loftiest aristocrat in existence has had many ancestors meaner than pastrycooks intervening between himself and Adam. But this consideration seldom occurs to people who pride themselves on their pedigrees, and it does not prevent other people from- making fun of them. If anybody were to trace the lineage of a British Duke to a pastrycook, his Grace would continually have all manner of vulgar taunts addressed to him in allusion to pastry. Insolent wretches would accuse him of being puffed up with family pride would sneeringly call him a bit of the upper crust of society, would recommend him to eat humble pie, and make other tart observations at his expense. The origin of the Zotoff family is thus described by the plain-spoken Prince Dolgorouki : Nikita Zotoff, preceptor of Peter the First, and afterwards buffoon to the same prince, at a time when the Czar found himself under the influence of liquor, received of him the title of Count in the year to, July 3." Now, goodness knows, there is no reason why any man should be ashamed of being a buffoon, or the descendant of one and doubtless the fact above recorded is really and truly highly honourable to the house of Zotoff. We understand it. Nikita Zotoff was first Peter the First's preceptor, and afterwards his buffoon. Doubtless he acquitted himself equally well in either capacity, and by the display of precisely the same abilities in each. Precepts of morality were received by Peter as uncommonly good things, in the sense of being exceedingly droll in short, high jokes. When, therefore, . Peter became a man, his preceptor, who had amused him as a boy so highly, naturally appeared to him the very best person he could choose for a buffoon. Accordingly he promoted him to the rank of that officer. This may be all very true ; but aristocracy has a prejudice against the cap and bells, although it rejoices in decorations which may be called baubles. Count Zotoff is a very likely to be centered on the subject of money by those who have been told that his first ancestor wore it. In the extract last quoted the translator seems to have made a mistake. He says that the Czar made his buffoon a count at a time when he found himself under the influence of liquor. To ennoble so meritorious a servant was certainly a. very wise thing to do, but such an act is sure to be regarded by the thoughtless majority of mankind as a freak of temporary insanity. A correct translation would probably represent the Czar as having made a count of the buffoon at a time when he had lost himself under the influence of liquor. the Comet. Master Toms say grandma, this is a bad job about the comet " Granma" Good gracious: What's the matter?" Master Tom-" Why, here's a. letter in the paper says in The particles of the talLif thrown out from the head, having only, as before the same rate of orbital motion as the head, and having larger and larger orbits to describe, the further they are removed from the head, will necessarily fall further and further behind as they recede from the comet, and thus form a curve independently of a resisting medium and that the panic-allaying doctrine of the tenacity of cometic nuclei cannot be maintained from the mere fact of their trans- Iucency.' " [Gran'ma collapses. TWO ROADS TO THE SAME END. Australia hates John Chinaman ; China detests John Bull. Each country tries to keep out the obnoxious intruder. In Sydney, John Bull; as the more civilized of the two, bleeds his Chinese visitor in the pocket. He imposes lol. per head on every Chinese immigrant, and thus, to keep John Chinaman in his own waters, trusts to capitation. In Canton, John Chinaman, like a brute as he is, bleeds his British invader in the jugular. He cuts off the head of every Jack Tar or Joe Marine he can get at from behind, and this, to deter John Butt from the Flowery Land, trusts to decapitation. but, after all, we are both exclusive in our way. THE LIBELLERS OF THE FAIR SEX. Men do not libel women one-half as much as women do. Here is a proof of it Bosom Friend Do you mean to tell me that she never fainted? intimate acquaintance. No never tried even and there never was so good an opportunity ! Bosom Friend (triumphantly). Then she's reserving herself. You may be sure she has some other faint in view ! EVENING FASHIONS. Emily Shall you dress much to-night, dear ? Lilian "He ; as little as possible I am going to a ball. MONEY JARGON AND CITY SLANG. In a trade report the other day, it was stated that "The rum market is very dull." Dullness sometimes reigns in the joke-market ; but the rum market might have been expected to be if not always funny at least not- wanting in spirit. Yet it cannot be denied that a market in which no business is done is a rum kind of market, and that transactions often wear a very serious aspect when parties have to deal with rum customers. But we must not extend these observations, which may or may not be regarded in the right of rum punch. Woman's Constant Torment. Dust! Man's Greatest Plague A woman continually brush- ing the same. HOW TO TREBLE THE POST-OFFICE REVENUE. It is easily done by Gum ! or rather, by the absence of Gum. For instance, you take care that the postage-stamp you wish to affix shall have no, or very little, adhesive matter at the back of it. The consequence is, that when the letter arrives at its destination without a Queen's Head, from the fact of its having dropped off in the transit, it is charged double postage, like an unprepared letter. By giving in your adhesiveness to the above system, and made to the postage- stamps, you will find that, though there may be a great falling off in the latter, still there will be a compensating increase of two-thirds in the revenue, as the price of every penny stamp, in the end, will be threepence. A Graceful Cohrection.-The proper study of mankind is woman Punch. MOTHER CHURCH'S PETTICOATS. " Will any lady condescend to wear Crinoline after thistle The following is part of a speech by Sir John Trelawny delivered, a few days ago, to his Tavistock constituents He is speaking of the Church Rate Bill -. "I am afraid we may have great cause to divide ourselves from the Bishops, for the Bill was smothered by arrange avalanche of long-sleeved Bishops. I went to the House of Lords one day, and I saw a row of Crinolines (laughter) reaching a long way, and these were the Bishops, alfstoli.-l and grave, but exceedingly ignorant of the elements of Church Rate law. It was melancholy to heathens ignorant of the simplest proportions of the Bill." ° So, the Bishops wear crinoline. Treason hath done its worst. - TOE COMET, AND ITS TAIL. The appearance of the comet, which is now starring" offers a limited series of nights, has given rise to much speculation which, as usual, has resulted in failure. Nobody has as yet offered a satisfactory conjecture in solution of the question what the comet is? Some astronomers say that they can see through it, and the stars on the other side of it but for all that they have not been able to penetrate its mystery Many theories of the constitution of comets which have not yet been published, shall now be, and may deserve to be as much as some others. Perhaps, as comets are both luminous and transparent and ghosts likewise, according to some; observers, both shine themselves and are also diaphanous - comets are the ghosts of departed planets. Natural as wit a- supernatural substances, however, both reflect and transmit the rays of light; and your corner generally has a-tail Analogies subsist throughout nature. May not a comet be a planet in the first stage of its development, a celestial body corresponding to a terrestrial tadpole? The Hero or Cause Cardinal Wiseman on his Irish tour. AN APOLOGY FOR ONE THAT WANTS ONE. There is no intention to applaud Mr. Townsend, M P for Greenwich (from his profession, he ought rather to have Doon member for Bury), because he has gone upon the stage . but we think some little moral might be drawn from therefore he has lately taken with the sock and buskin. His present exhibition should teach us the necessity of a raging public men simply by their acts. Mr. Townsend passes five acts every night, and acts that are extremely popular. What unit of our collective wisdom can say the same? It is a grave question, too, if his playbills, endorsed as they are by one Slrik space, do not improve the national mind a great" deal more than the majority of the parliamentary bills that are brought nightly before the House. Moreover, this much must be said in favour of our parliamentary actor, that he certainly per- forms as much as he promises, whereas most members promise a great deal more than they ever perform. Distinction ron " Dizzy." Should her Majesty be pleased to bestow a peerage on the Chancellor of the "Exchequer would he become an Upper Benjamin? " ' AN UNSOPHISTICATED IRISHMAN. By the Shipping and Mercantile Gazette, an indirect but powerful testimony to the Irish mercantile character is borne in The following advertisement : English and French Education, McA talented Boy skin of an Irish merchant, past 13 years of age, would be exciian'"i'd for the son of a French merchant of a similar ago, each fob musicians. A knowledge of business will also be given and expected. Application to Merchant, at the European Hotel Bolton-street, Dublin, will at once be attended to. The unsuspecting confldence with which the offer of the exchange of a talented boy is made to a French merchants i it. were, in the abstract, evinces a heart void of guile. " Marchant, the sole title by which the advertisers desires to be addressed, is evidently in his opinion, an all-.-ufii.-ieiit security, not only for the bearer's solvency, but also for his moral rcspsstabili'.v his probity, honor, benevolence, and all the virtues which qua- lify a man to stand in loco parents. Conscious of his own connections in France credit for being fit to hold the same. Few mercantile gentlemen have faith enough in one another to exchange a setter or a horse in the same unconditional manner as that in which this Irish merchant proposes to swap His talented Boy. We trust that this generous and confiding merchant of green Erin will not find out his mis- take in supposing that all French merchants are such para- . good of goodness as himself, and that all their boys are moral equivalents to his son. We hope that his talented Boy will not be ill-treated and half-starved, and that the French youth for whom he will exchange that intelligent young gentleman will not shortly rob his counting-house and abscond. In these sad times of prevalent commercial immorality, the Irish merchant who puts unlimited faith in his species' is an interesting phenomenon. -A REAL GHOST COMING. There is no mistake about it this time. A ghost is coming, and has been good enough to announce in the pages of the Athenum, the time of his apparition : "Coins. Medals, Bronzes, Numismatic Books, c-Mr. Short, of London, corn-dealer since' 1833, begs to state that, owing to the decease of Mr. Heilten, he will return from italy very early in October." Why it is inconvenient to the deceased gentleman to remain in Italy, is not stated perhaps he is a Protestant ghost, and dislikes the religious observances of a Catholic country but at all events he is coming, and the lovers of the supernatural had best look out. HEALTH OF THE PRIME MINISTER. There is no truth in the reportthatthe Premier isJabouríiiír ' under an organic disease. That ridiculous rumour originated from an atrocious pun which was made by a ribald jester on hearing a serious person, under the; impression that Lord Derby and not left the Turf, express a fear that the heart of the noble Earl was hardened. Whereupon the incorrigible buffoon remarked that, in consequence of having been so long in the stable, no doubt the Earl of Derby's heart had become ossified. A GEOGRAPHICAL POINT. In geographical lore, a nail is " a Scotch term that is synonymous (so says Webster) with cape, or headland." We hope this distinction will not be pushed too far, and that Valentia is not destined to figure in our future many (as the "Mull of the Atlantic Telegraph," t l I 