Page 3, da QM 9, Une 31-tbs word " th«*'' wu here ; substituted for " five." Page 8, clause 9, Hoe* 39 to 40-tba omission of «lt ¡ the words After " district" to tho end of the para,- <. graph, .' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL Mid, that this: wai an amendment of a Tory important character, , ind ono on whiohï. there . i .had', already been a ? great deal of discusión. . , The fl mimili JJ had BO amended the el ante, ai. to. bring it back to almost the tame state in whioh it Ant oame .up to the House. The Assembly had, by a imall majority, decided upon the residentiary qualification u prefer- able to the property qualification, and the Council had afflrmed the contrary iheory,by an equally small majo- rity. The Aaiemhly was that branoh of the Legislature mott interested, and which ought, therefore, to gire way ? Decidedly the Council, whtoh had not that direct interest i the Assembly' had, should ' there-' fori the more reasonably be expected to make, a con- cession. If honorable members ; adhered to : their former opinions, and insisted upon them, they could do .the latter with no other intention than that of throwing out the bill. (No, no.) He moved that the oommittee do agree to this amendment of the Legis- lative Assembly upou the amendment of the Legisla- tive Council. Mr. THOMSON, notwithstanding the threats of the hon-, .and learned member who ' spoke last, would not be-deterred from doing what he considered to be his duty ;and should, therefore. Tote According to i hîi conscience, whether the . Bill were thrown ont or not. Upon- a previous occasion-he had shown that the effect of the amiaiiou of the amendment of the Council woald bo to place the houseless vagrant on an equality ? with respectable members of the community. The reverse of this was a principle which he hoped this House would main-. tain at all hazards. The principle of man- hood suffrage and . residentiary suffrage :. was contrary to all precedents in British history. Dr. BLAND characterised the wording of the clause as most insidious, defended the view taken of it in. the Assembly, and insisted that the rights of indi- viduals required some proteotion against the overbear- ing influenae of wealth and property. Mr. WISE expressed his intention not to rote sgainst the amendment upon the amendment, because he considered that the bill would be rejeoted by the Assembly, if the Council insisted upon this amendment. He believed the country was weary of having nothing done so long, and, if thia bill were not suffered to become law, lhere would be still further delay. ' At the risk of being -misunderstood, he should hot oppose the motion of the Attorney General,- knowing that the Legislative Assembly would not accept tho bill as it stood. The only result of this bill falling through would be a fresh delay, a nsw Electoral Bill, and probably a far worse one than this. i Mr. HUNT and Mr. "WILSHIRE also supported the motion, and were unable to see that the difference of the two opposite parties on this snbjcot waa now Bo great as it waa by some honorable members supposed tobe. Mr. DOCKER regretted that they ahould have to fight it over again, and commented upon the mumer In whioh the amendments of the Council had been received and pieced before the Legislative Assembly as unfair to the Oounoil and to the country. The bill had come back to the House in the same imperfect state in whioh it had at first come up to tho Council. The honorable member denounced the class of "spongers'* - and " loafers" whom it seemed this bill waa to invest with , the rights of citizenship. Mr. BLAKB stated at a considerable length the j reasons why he cononrred in the amendments of ' the Legislative Assembly, and spoke in favour of the : original principles of the ' bill as ' it came < up from that House. He denied that there !_was any important difference between either sido bf the House, after the great modifications whioh had taken place. This question was, he con- tended, a matter which mote nearly concerned the Assembly than the Council, and therefore when the Assembly had reiterated its opinion thereon, he thought the Oounoil was boond to give way. ' s,-.-'-'*"*» Mr. HOLDEN felt it impossible to yield to the Views taken by the other Home, although he waa averse as any one could be to a collision with the other House, but the question to him was, whether he could' consent .to the admission of universal manhood suffrage. This he could hot consistently do or consent to, and he hoped the House would pause before it took e. Hep -which would be irrevocable, and tho evils of which could,only be remedied by mischief, by danger, by revolution. They were asked to ' lay foundations of popular institutions, wide and deep,-they might \- and in- tho sand,' the slash- of society.- If they could lay them broad and deep In that portion of society, which'would be a rock, 'he should be glad indeed, bat this wes not the way to do' lt. Getting rid of restrictions wss getting rid of the security of society also. They were asked to make a dangerous, experiment, and ho was opposed to it, as he could not admit that the state of society here would justify it They were asked to go further than they had gone in America;' safeguards, which America ' had,' were scouted here;'.'and 'notwithstanding that In America .the system worked badly, even with, safeguards: they - were : ' not ' - admitted here. The least they could do in Admitting this very ex- tended franchise would be to have safeguards. He thought the Conn eil" had conceded enough.-'-He for eue ' opposed the going' any further if he stood alone. " ' Dr. DICKSON rose to moye an adjournment, that the Chairman leave the chair, report progress, and obtain leave to set again to-morrow. 'Mr. JUSTICE THERRY opposed the adjournment, as did also Dr. DOUGLASS, whioh was supported by Mr. BLAND, and opposed by Mr. ISAACS.' .The question being puta division .was called, and there - were for the adjournment 13, and against it 17. The CHAIRMAN then put the question that the committee.igt« to the amendments of the Assembly on the Council's amendments. Mr. DICKSON rose to support the motion. When he had the honour to address the Honte upon the second [reading of the bill now upon the table, he reiterated a question, which once had an ominous sig- nification, and whioh passed like an echo from the Land's End to John O'Groal's House-What will the Lords do} Slightly modifying: the interrogatory, he then asked, what will this House doi To that enquiry- he had had a reply, and with that reply he, as a member of this House, laid his hand upon his heart, and declared he was non-content. - But as it was .a practice amongst the ancients, when the responso of the oraole Was unpropitious to invoke it .afresh, io he came now again to enquire, to importuns, and if needs be to implore the House to reconsider its réponse. To permit a voice to go forth from this high branch of the Legislature, upon which the eyes of the whole community are now riveted, more consonant to their wishes, more amiable to the aspirations, the tendencies and the relative circumstances of this colony in juxta- position with the neighboring dependencies. He rose now, not to discuss the abstraot question of this form of suffrage, or that-not to place property and the in " fluence of property in connection with the franchise, where alone lt ought to be-not to argue that lt is debasing to mankind to give the supremacy .to earth, - to inanimate matter over the grandest work of crea- tion, the mind of man ; not to rsvise the discussion on any of these abstract principles whioh have re- ceived so creditable an elucidation and BO recently, in this House, but simply to state the grounds of his discontent, and to lodge his earnest and heartfelt ap- peal that thia House will revise, alter, and amend its primary decision. To this point ho would limit him- self, avoiding these paths which, having been so muoh trodden, might easily tun into digression. But in limint,. a question inter- poses itself, and demands an answer. That point satisfactorily solved, all else will be comparatively easy. He would ask hon. members to regard what our position at this moment wss in relation to tho other branoh of tho Legislature-What ls our position ï Simply one of oomplete antagonism, with the Assembly. He said ft waa greatly to be regretted that at the rory dawn of . their existence, thia antagonism should exist, and he would do hon. members opposite the justice to say that he was sure they regretted it ; and it was his sincere hope that by their vote to- night thoy would evidence that their desire of reconciliation was com- mensurate with their regrets. This antagonism being patent, how is it to be removed Î His answer was as ready as his mind was olear upon the subject. What is the position which this House has taken np ? One that is erroneous, unprecedented, dictatorial, and, con- sequently, offensive. And if this is the position whioh this House occupies at this moment in the eyes of the people-the right course, the high-minded course, the sensible and the truly patriotic course ls to retire from that position-a position taken up with- i outprudence, and may be abandoned without dishonour. The demand has'.been urged, which House should ; give way î When the arbitrament says, he did not i entertain a shadow bf doubt. Numerous oiz#um> ' stances give the Assembly the vantage ground in this 1 contest. For three sessions, "et least, this hu been ' the question of questions. The fundamentals bf the i poaitíUitioa haye become the political primer, of that ; House. By countleu discussions the Auembly hu become : indootrinated on the subject. Thirls the (hird bili, at least, to which that House ht- giyen the 'largest consideration, and it ii only reasonable to con- clude that if perfection ia to flow ^ from handling- and {iraotiee, the claims of the Assembly to suporta know-, edge In. all: that pertains to thii subjeot are indi*-; putable. ,Who, he, would ,(uk, that..UV acquainted with all-that whioh.ii' fait becoming a matter of history? -Pttttlngadda the voluminous words of dil- ? oasaionon the Constitution. Bill, who he said, that waa acquainted with the debate« upon the, bill brought la! by his two hon. friends, Mr. Porst« and Mr. Jones - -with all that accompanied the oonrse of the' bill in- troduced by the Park» Administration, and with that whioh-is fresh in all .om memories, the able« patient, and lengthened eonaideratioa of the present bill by the Assembly, can hesitate fox a mement in arriving at the conoluaion, that that House ?waa Ina position .to give the.subject a first and an exalted consideration, and which lt .would not (haye been' any discrédit to this ' . House , - had it , failed to receive. - But as regards this, question, we, comparatively speaking, dearly ocoupy but n seeondsry place.. It -is essentially tho Assembly's question-nay, - it is the people's question-and how eau the people. apeak, in this Houser But so sure, as "coming events out their shadows .-before"-but. he would pause lest he should gi te expression to. that which constructively., might have» the aspect of,.a threat At length the inventive faQulty have completed ita work-the theme of tongues silent and satisfied-the bill rested upon thia Ararat of the Constitution ;, and if ho and - its lother numerous friends hailed its advent with joy, ho trusted that they might be excused if they viewed lt now imperilled, with - somewhat of that solicitude whioh, to the immortal Grattan, prompted the exqui- sitely touching sentiment, when speaking of the constitution of his own country, be ex-. claimed, " I stood by its cradle and I followed ita bier." Still more than by all this hu tho strong position of the Assembly been .fortified hy that which hu occurred in thia Council-by the course which we have pursued-by the erroneous, unprecedented, dictatorial, and consequently offensive course, as -he ;had already ?sid, and which for a moment he .would no w consider. What twu the aharaoter of. the meuure.which came down to this House î-a measure, he would contend, rendered as perfeot, by diligence and' acuteness u it was reasonable to hop« for. Some imperfections might be deteoted,-and for whioh small emendations only could be required--in place of that constitu- tional censorship ' wbioh would point to such altera- tions aa would be manifest improvements, and the re- moving of suoh impurities as a re-sifting was sure to throw up. But in lieu of this unobjectionable course, down came the hand of tile spoiler ; hostility to ils principles marked the conduot of its opponents ; the very foundations of the edi- fice were sapped ; the vital principles whioh were its cognes, were torn asunder, and" cut away. Suoh wu the merciless way in- which the ninth clause of the bill wu dealt with-no modifi- cations : attempted; its subversion .insisted- upon. Dilenda »f Carthago. Nothing but its extermination would suffice. And new he had arrived at that period when it lay opon the table, mutilated and torn where its vitality resided a yawning gap appears. In this mutilated state It cannot exist ; but by what measures is it to be revived Î Whenco is the light of knowledge to come î Ia it to be a new light or a bor- rowed light. ' Is it. to be a bewildering light, ora \- reflection from any of the young and hearty colonies which surround us, brittling with progress and bursting with life, and where constitutions of the most extreme liberality ar« in fall work, and working well iWhete, he asked, wu the light of superior kno w- ledge which wu so to overpower the Assembly u to . induce that body to put a veto on their own acts, to nullify and put the stamp of inferiority and retraota tion on all their proceedings? ? .He would tell the House whence it came. It came from be- neath the counter arid tho dust-heap. . Twenty seven years haye passed away''.'since the introduotlon of the''Beform "Act, daring which 'tiena so great hu been the* progress of events, that to the observant reader'of the political .life of its author {Lori John Bussell), at the ono period, and when, twenty-three yous afterwards, ho Drought forth the proposition which it is now sought. by some Tahati ciau operation to ' engraft into the lacerated bill upon the table, so corriplejely'had the noble 'lord stood .still that, in place of progressing, he1 seems to have retro- graded, And u he stands leaning upon the pedestal pints aristocratic .whiggery, with his magic property qualification abortion in .his hand, he could not help figuring to his mind that,'as the noble lord'handed it up to the driver of the chariot of progress, so, liule^wás he heeded that, had ho not nimbly removed his small proportions, himself and his clauses would have shared. alike.' And precisely .as .in tho allegory, BO wu. the sequence of events. A .few months .and. the noble lord, waa ostracised, and his clRusee'had become valuable' to' the greengrocer and the .tobacconist- ? All honor then,' to the hon. gentleman opposite who, from .beneath the. counter and the dust heap, resuscitated the'dyingspeech' of the noble lord. . -Ha confessed that/ .when he saw' the hon. gentleman corning down tottíe, Legislature bf a country to which he is warmly abd. patriotically .at- tached, and' .Berïorjsly urging upon r that body-'to take', (or tte constitution of the country, the crudities of any ; man, soberly asking-us to rest our, laws, liberties, and' institution- on that'whioh never' received consideré-, tion-the scrutiny,.much less the sonctíon.'of .Perita'-, ment-he declared he could not help exclaiming " Can such things be; andovsreome, aa like a .summer's cloud; without our special wonder." He could-show the House that these 'propositions had not the amaltest chanco of muting the approval pf Parliament. Many of us recollect-and he, appealed to his-hon. and learned friend the Attorney-General, whose intimacy with modern Parliament made ' him an acquisi- tion to,the House-was he not oorreot.in' saying that the bill miserably disappointed the hopes bf its friends, and wu received without favour by every sealion of the ? House î It never received a second reading, and ' it ' is quite a mistake to say that it wu the Crimean .war that prevented the noble lord from proceeding with.it. The truth Is, that he ascertained that It bad not the ghost I of a chance of pusing, and he never sinco attempted .to. revive it Had the hon. gentleman opposite-before proceeding to the serious step .of incorporating this ?oberne into our hilt, to the displacement, of the ninth, clause, and, the total abrogation of residentiary suffrage. -come down to the House and' asked nsk to give him a' select eommitteo, no one would.have more'heartily responded to the proposal, or moro sincerely en- deavoured to tut their applicability. .The hon.'gentle- men is always calling upon us to adopt English insti- tutions, but why in this Instance did he choose a model that hts no verisimilitude but the* name r : Why did he not give us an .accurate model, or something ap- proaching it, of his plan of representation î Why did he not say, with his accustomed good sense, I know that five pounds here and five pounds in England have ' a very disproportionate value, and If- Lord John Bussell proposes a five- pound quali- fication, and we desire 'to adhere to the Eogllah model, a money value must cease altogether the graduated scale of a property qualification can go no lower, having sunk below-zero. Matchless absur- dity, in a country where the rent of house and land ls. very high, to name five pounds. "Why, a hole in a big tree ¿1 the domain, ' or a dog-box ls worth five - pounds, but when this touohstono of value Is supple-' men ted with land, the climax of folly is complete. He said, when he regarded these things, his only wonder < was that ho did not hear the hon. gentleman tell the House that to call this a property qualification is pre- posterous and absurd, and as we must have an English model, the only real model I have to propose for your adoption is universal suffrage. Why did not the nan. gentleman, while thus generously and comprehensively oüt-liberaÚsing the liberals, in place of being the abettor of those'who have, he would not say Ignorantly, but BO strangely, argued that universal suffrage does not exist ia England,-that he .did not demonstrate to us that it does exist in England, and that perhaps the only real onlversal suffrage in the world is the English. For in America there is a Doil-tax, which must first be paid ; that it largely enters into tho representative system, and at this moment, too. Had this mode of ieuoning,:one that ia clearly inferential, suggested itself to the home Go-' vcrnmont, he would have been slower to substitute a cumbrous and complicated-and, he considered,1 an impracticable-franchise, far the admirable simplicity of residentiary suffrage. He admitted he saw with regret the University, clause expunged: this'he re f;arded u a gem in the casket. But, had the hon. and earned the vioe-Provoat asked his opinion, he would, even at the risk of a collision of opinion, told him that the time wu infelicitously chosen, because prospec- tive legislation is necessarily deprived of those argu- mentative aids whioh exe all so requisite to accomplish legislation; and more BO, when the institutions of the country have become politically linked with the seat of learning. ' " Those clouds which have hitherto rested apon'our House"-even the nebula at thu moment- suspended-will have' been dispelled,1 and this noble institution, at once our, pride and hope, would have arrogated1 for 1 Itself all such honors u would then be ohefxfalty j bestowed. One sxguraent more, and ha would conclude. A question of great importance Is In abey- ance! but TThlch ia lU probability will w\ bo daUyod I /-one in whioh he wai happy to/ ley'that-hil hon.; friend Ur. Daw Thornton had taken a lively Interest.. He .alluded to, what he would call the Oceanle Confa-: deration. How cin one federateî- Kow oin one forma link of that, truly-Paclflo chain .which >Is. (destined to unite these semi of . ocean-at once the glory aud.theriohes of to-day} -How are wa to; con." atjtute thlanormal nationality; :*o jejune, hearty, and ; athletic^ if,they are to be alienated by the character of their political institutions-if the Ingrediente of which, those institutions are. compounded.have no : affinity?, If, .a powerfoi public opinion- Is 'to be oheraoterii tio ofj this confederation-unless we are, a homogen- ous people,we paver oan possess it. Will you cling-to the fast rag.of s worn..out. garment-the-decadence of ,an effete system Î ' Property, ell.powtr.foi through ages ' that are gone, in barbarous times, must sow, before the .irresistible force of the printing prrss be content to.be .shorn of its .'meretricious influence. He pitied the man who, amidst .the progressive civilisation which surrounds us,, can .still cling to'the preference ! of dead, matter over 'mind, andi deny to.intelligence i what they claim for T dirt. :In conclusion, he would ' , beseech honorable members not to permit the mental , ? vision to be. withdrawn from the crisis at whioh we have arrived. Let a majority of this House persist in tba imprudent oourae which lt has-adopted, and the fate of the bill Ia sealed. Well, lt is rejected ! He ¡would not, envy those by whom this is done. Will th» people ? sU;petiently down? Will they hang up their harps npoa tho willows of despair i Then what >willtheydoî , The days of brute force are gone to sleep with the nights of ignorance. He would tell the House what they would do. *; They will, aa Lord Anglesey said, agitate, agitate; agitate, and say the Upper House has refused to'pass our bill. Bi» the bill whioh the Assembly has sanctioned must .bs'' passed. Honorable members may frown-may threaten ; but a fog before tho coming »un.will not be .more powerless.. \Ho would uk, ho would implore, : the House to concede this boon, and let the. present .bethe hear too,-for how often have we seen the > grace of the. favour extinguished by the sot being , deferred! Hr; JUSTICE THBRRY supported the amend- ments origin ally made by the Council. He felt it his duty to do so, and in doing so it could not be supposed that he entertained any views of political advancement. He could- not consent to pluak out what had always been considered u essential to the British constitution. He regretted to hear said, with so much emphasis, that tho Assembly had > pronounced that they must prevsil -that in effect this ' Honse was merely the registry office of the views of the Assembly ; and if so,' he (Mr. Justice Therry) thought the sooner they vacated the bettor.' It appeared, however, that Dr. Dickson would have no qualification; if high, he objected to'it os aristocratic ; if low, it waa sollow as to be insignificant. He hoped that soma attention would be paid to what ia tho Council wu- pissed by . large 'majority, while the opinion of the Assembly was affirmed - by but a very small majority. ' He maintained that property .should be retained, as a qualification, and describing tho principles of < the British Constitu- tion, whioh had existed through all the storms through which it had passed, and still remained a model Con- stitution',' he expressed his earnest hope that as nearly as possible it would be followed. ' He wss astonished that the small test whioh had been proposed should be objected to, and that what wu really manhood suf- frage became disguised in name.' The hon. member conduced by quoting from a speech of Mri Wentworth, and then expressed' a regret that some who had fought steadily throughout the progress of this bill were' now not by their sides at the last. He must oppose plucking out a principle from the bill which ho deemed an es- sential principle of the' Constitution. Hr. PENNINGTON said, as a freBh discussion bsd been forced, he should move that the Chairman, at this late hour, do leave the chair, report progress, and ob- tain leave to sit again to-morrow. Mr. ISAACS opposed the adjournment, and said that he saw, with pain, the Attorney-General come forward this evening and moot again the question on which he bsd beforo given a pledge that he .could not move in it again-but accept the decision of the House on a former occasion aa a final decision for this ses- sion. It was became ho saw this, that he would sit here, no matter how long, until it wu settled. If the colleagues of his honorable friend insisted on mooting the question, there was a course which his honorable friend ought to have adopted. Members had;left town co the faith of the question not being again mooted. . Mr. ; RUSSELL supported the motion for the ad- journment, seeing the lateness of the boor. Mr. HILL supported the' adjournment, saying that It wu clear what the Opposition meant-they thought they had the reins in their own hands,1 and they could, end would swamp the bill altogether. Tue ATTORNEY-GENERAL urged tho adjourn- ment, .with à View of enabling hirato-^orrow to,bring. forward what the pledge , he really did make .wu, and to defend his own induct. He thooght also that the I convenience of members would be coosdlted. The oommlttee again divided! . There, were for .the adjournment 12. and against it 13; I The ATTORN BY-GENERAL ( said, as tho com I mlttee had determined to go on, he should not be doing his'duty if ho did not reply some bf the bbaetvations which had:boen made in the course of the debate. He was sorry that the course he'had himself' pursued . in opening had not been followed, then they would not have; had the unseemly spectacle of thirteen honorable members ' Insisting upon the attendance of ' twelve honorable members bscsuse.'they were opposed- to I them. < Mr. ISAACS said, tho hsnorablo and learned member wu out of order in his observations. He was speaking to the question already decided, namely-the' adjournment, and not on the question before the Houso. The ATTOBNEY-GE^EBAL WSS not disposed to pursue the argument., He must, however, express his re- gret thathon.' members, opposite should have thought ft necessary.' to go over the whole of the arguments which hid been over and over again'urged, and there- by, compelled'members on his side to replv. Ha would not himself go into details-H wss useless to -wuts breath iii endeavouring to persuade members opposite I that the residentary clause would not admit of va. I grants or persons reeking from, a gaol. The question was, whether members would risk the bill altogether, because they would adhere to their own opinion, how- ever small' the difference between that and the prin- cipie maintained .by the Assembly.. His honorable and learned. friend expressed his . regret st seeing him (the Attorney-General) move this clause again, but' in doing.'so. he had, at all events,, suggested some ' good reaions for his so doing, even if he had given auoh a pledge as.had been stated. As a member^? the House, having charge of the.bill, he. maintained that .he was bound to support .the amendments bf the ' Assembly. As a member of the Government He, denied that he had given the pledge. What he i had said wu that if he was besten upon the residentiary qualification, he .would oct, in this House, raise'that Question again while thehUl wu in progress,' but he had no intention of referring to what might take place .thereafter. He had distinctly said he would not be responsible for what the House of Assembly might do,.and it could not be that he could be ex- pected, to gives pledge in reference to anything which might happen after the bill lort this House. As to the absent members, he thought it probable that it wu. the. protracted length of the .session that had compelled members to retire to. the country to recruit after their fatigaos. . He was, however, prepared to alt on-it would not be the first time he bad sat all night. He maintained that tho small majority opposite should not risk the bill by in- sisting upnn ignoring thc opinion of the Auembly. The result of their proceedings would be to create ill blood, ill-feeling,, and to induce the people to wish that this House had not interfered with the bill at all. The hon. members were not alive to the exterior feel- ing on the suhjeot. They would soon have an oppor- tunity,-however, of learning, and they would then regret that they had missed the opportunity of grace- fully giving way sud yielding to the wishes of the people. Mr. BLAKE moved that the Chairman , report pro- gress and obtain leave to sit again to-morrow (this day). Dr. MAO?ARLANE uconded. Mr. HILL hoped that, seeing the overhearing man- ner of the other side af the House, that members on this side'would see It out, and sit, if ne- cessary, until daylight. Mr. RUSSELL supported the adjournment. The question being put,.another division took pla'ce and there were for the adjournment, 12 ; against it. 13 The motion'wu consequently last, : Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought it nor, timi io adopt some meuure to put an end toa sitting (whicl was compulsory, and dependent upon a uvijority o one. He should now move that the Chair man leay the chair and report progress, and obtain 'leave to si again to-morrow, u no good whatever would resuli from protracting it any further. ' Dr. DOUGLASS.said the motion óc.nld not be pat, They must adjourn over twenty-four 'noun. Mr. Justice.THERRY .thought lt his duty to rap. port the motion fbr adjournment.' ' . .After some ether observatior/ip. the question wai again put, and the committee divided, when it wai found ¿nat there were only thirteen members present ? whioh fact V** reported to the President, who, harty i communicated the fact tootha House, ordered the bell' to be mag, when 'the .members returned'to the Cnamber and'made np a quorum./." I .- jThe.Qhalrmán again took! his seat, ' arid put the : question of adjournment, which, waa flaaUy carried by " ! a Majority of 17 to B. . J The Chairman reported accordingly, and- ob- tained leave to .sit. again at á> .latex hour thu day.. . .. I The House adjourned at a quarter to oneja.m., until four p.ni. ' ' ' 