CONSECRATION OF THE NEW BISHOP OF HARTFORD. On Sunday, March 14th, the solemn conse cration of the Rev. Franois P. M'Farland,' of Utica, as Bishop of Hartford, in succession to the lamented Bishop O'Rielly, who perished in the ill-fated Pacific, took place in SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral, Providence, R.I., and was nffanflo/l hv on immnnaa finn/*nnt*ea nf norennft from the surrounding country. There could not have been less than 4000 persons inside, every available part of the church being densely crowded. — Eight bishops, each attended by a chaplain and about forty priests, were1 present at the ceremony. Archbishop Hughes, of New York, was tbe consecrating bishop, and was assisted by Bishop Fitzpatrick, of Boston, and Bishop Timon, of Buffalo. The other bishops present were Right Rev. John McCloskey, of Albany; Right Rev. John Lougblin, of Brook lyn; Ri»ht Rev. James R.-Bayley, of Newark; Right Rev. D. W. Bacon, 6f Portland, Me.; and Right Rev. L. De Goesbriand, of Burling ton, Vt. Among the clergymen present were Revs. Wm. Quinn, George McCloskey and R. Brennan, of New York; Very Rev. J. J. Con roy, V.G., Revs. A. McGeogh, B..F. Lough lin, P. Canagher, Powers and Herbet, of Albany ; Rev. Fernando Lynch, CM., of Buffalo, and thirty priests from the diocese of Hartford. Within the sanctuary sat his Honor Wm. M. Rodman, Mayor of Providence; Monsieur Gouraud, the French Consul, in full uniform; Dr. O. A. Brownson, and r.tfie representatives of tbe press. .Archbishop Htighes was the conse crator; the assistants were, Rev. Messrs. Hart and Delany, Assistant Deacons of Honor to the Archbishop : Rev. W. O'Rielly, Assistant Priest : Rev. Mr. Hughes, Deacon ; Rev. Mr. Lamb, Sub-deacon; Rev. Peter Kelly, Cross bearer ; Rev. Messrs. Mulligan and Wallace, Chanters ; Rev. Messrs. McCallian and Dwyer, Acolytes; Rev. Mr. O'Rielly, Thurifer; Rev. Mr. Smith, Cross-bearer to the Archbishop ; Rev. Mr. McCable, of Woonsocket, Mitre bearer; Rev.. Mr. Drea, of Stonington, Crozier bearer ; Rev. Mr. Gibson, Book-bearer; Chap lain of the Archbishop, Rev. Richard Brennan, of New York; Chaplain to Bishop elect, Rev. George McCloskey, New York; Master of the Ceremonies, Very Rev. J. J. Conroy, Vicar General of Albany, assisted by Rev. Edmond Cooney, North Providence. It is now two years since the last Bishop of Hartford was lost in the steamer Pacific. The Holy See in making, choice of a successor has proceeded in the matter with customary care and wisdom, and with even more than ordinary de liberation. The affairs of the diocese have, in the mean time, been administered by the Very Rev. William O'Reilly, Vicar-General, and brother of the late Bishop. A short time since the Apostolic Letters were received from Rome nominating the Reverend Francis Patrick Me Farland, D.D., of Utica, N. Y., to the vacant See. The Right Rev. Dr. McCloskey, of Albany, preached the consecration sermon from the text — ' And the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us (and we saw His glory, the glory as it were of tbe only begotten of the Father), full of grace and truth.' The Right Rev. preacher said : — These words are from the first chapter of the Gospel according to St. John. When it pleased the Eternal Word, the ? only beloved Son of God, he came on earth : he came, not robed in the brightness of majesty — not even with the splendours of divinity ; but,- hiding- his greatness, and putting aside the glory and the beauty which is born of his Father, he took a human form like ours. He came simply and'truly in the nature of. man, though born of a holy immaculate Virgin Mother. He passed through all the feebleness of infancy, grew up to a boy's years and to man's estate while under the lowly roof of Joseph and Mary at Nazareth, participating in his father's daily toil, and comforting his mother's heart with daily examples, of his virtues and the tenderness of filial love. At length be goes forth on his sublime work ; he appears in Jerusalem, he preaches in the synagogue and discourses to the multitude ; yet he appears as a man — eats, drinks, sleeps, walks like a man. True, his words seem to possess some bidden charm, some mysterious power, and his works still more mar vellous. He heals the sick, cures the lame, stills the tempest, makes the blind to see, and raises the dead : he seems invested with power from on high. He is the Son of God, and a man divine : in him divinity is shrouded by humanity. Tbe former is manifested wholly through the latter. He indeed is a God-man — the perfection of a Divine work after a human manner. He redeems tbe world by preaching his heavenly doctrine; and for whom ? Not for angels, but for men. He employed such means as were most in harmony with man's temper, and best suited to his state. But the Word was not always to remain visible in the flesh. Tbe Lord himself was to go, but his Word was to remain and work — to spread, still using its first type and shape, bearing his own image and likeness, the impersonation of himself, the perpetuation of the system of the Word made flesh. That system is composed of two foreign elements — one invisible, the other visible ; the outward and inward ; a body united to a divine spirit, guiding and controlling and vivifying it. And this is Christ's Church, as he founded and established it, and as the sacred Scriptures after wards described it, and as all history attests it. The sacred records tell us how he founded that Church ; how he selected his agents, his disciples, and made them the witnesses of his every word and work. They tell us how he instructed, them in the ways of his kingdom, and how he called them around him before his ascension, and trans mitted to them bis own power and mission, saying — ' As my Father sent me, I send you ;' how he took one from among them whom, he said, should confirm his brethren, and to whom he gave the keys of his kingdom, and made the rock upon which his Church was to be built, against which the gates of hell should not prevail. To all then he said — ' Go, teach ye all nations, and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' There were but twelve to whom this command was given ; too few alone to , teach all nations. And they were mortal like other men ; they must die ; they could not see the consummation of the world. By this announcement they must have been authorised to associate others in the work who were invested with tbe same authorrty. Thus' we see, from Eusebius, Timothy and Titus appointing their own successors. John created Polycarp Bishop of Smyrna before he went into exile ; and after his return he appointed bishops and priests in various places. After the death of St. James, tbe apostles met together to consecrate hfs successor by the imposition of bands and by prayer ; and so were the successors of all consecrated and made fit to teach others what they had themselves received. Thus, my brethren, it is easy for you to understand what you have this day with your own eyes witnessed. It is a part of the same great work. A bishop — whom you all knew, and who was beloved for his piety and bis faithful labours — undertook, for your good, to cross the perilous ocean ; and, his mission fulfilled, he was returning,, with a happy heart, when, by an inscrutable dispensation of God, be is permitted never again to set foot on your shores. (Sensa tion.) His seat is vacant — his office must be filled by another. The associated bishops, like the apostles, came together, and selected a pious ami worthy man, whose name they sent to the Holy Father ; and the shepherd of the universal flock has approved of him. Ha is now their brother, for they have imposed their hands on him — they have anointed him, and recited the prayers of the Church over him. He, too, is sent to tbe great work — lent by the Holy Ghost 'You have not chosen me,' said God,' but I1 have chosen you.' You may ' go fofth,and teach all nations.: and behold I am with you all days.' My brethren, you are no longer a flock without a head shepherd. The most reverend archbishop who came here to sympathise with your sorrows is here to-day to be the restorer and sharer; of ! your joys. Your hearts rejoice, and ours rejoice with you. We rejoice to feel the gre«t and | consoling truth that there is on earth a body, tbe representatives of tho word of Jesus Christ— a society wortby to be the inheritor of tbe promise He gave. We know that the Catholic Church is that body ;' is invested- with this commission ; and enjoys the perpetual promises of Christ. We have proof of it in the fact of her line of succes sors. We can point to the Chair of Peter, and trace them, link by link, in one unbroken chain, from the Holy Pontiff who now fills it, back to Peter himself. The bishops are in communion with this Chair, sharing the apostleship, and, therefore, can be rightly called the successors of the apostles. She alone has fulfilled the com mission ; she alone has taught all nations, and preached the Gospel to the farthest part of tbe earth. It is her apostles who have gone forth, not only to the refined Greeks and Romans, but to the wildest people of the earth; planted the symbol of redemption ou the rugged mountains, on the sands of the desert, and by the solitary way-side. They crossed the trackless ocean, and planted the Cross upon the shores of the New World. And not this alone : they bave sought the savage in the wilderness, and announced to him the message of peace, braving suffering, and. filling the martyr's grayet yet only too hoppy, if by the sacrifice they could win on« single soul to God. The Church is still one, for Christ is not divided. Notwithstanding the antipathies and natural jealousies, and prejudices of men, her children of all nations are one. She is holy ; her head is holy. Whose were the martyrs, the saints, the holy men who preserved and illustrated the Scriptures ? Whose are tbe spotless virgins who have consecrated themselves to the service of the poor? who are now to be found healing the soldier's wounds, or at the bedside of the dying sinner, pouring into his ears words of mercy and consolation, or journeying on their errand of mercy through the streets of the city? The Catholic Church answers: — ' They are mine : I am the mother of martyrs, and saints and holy spotless virgins ; I am she thus spoken of in the Scriptures : I am the mother of fair love, and of fear, and of knowledge, and of holy hope. In me is all . grace of the way and of truth ; in me is all hope of life and virtue. Come over to me all ye that desire me and be filled with my fruits. For my spirit is sweet above* honey, and my inheritance above honey and the honey comb. My memory is with everlasting genera tions. They that eat me shall yet hunger, and they that drink me shall yet thirst. He that hearkenetb to me shall not be confounded, and tbev that work by me shall not sin. They that explain me shall have life everlasting.' Surely the principles that produced such ex amples must be divine; that unite people so naturally far remote. A human institution, we would say, would change with tbe vicissitudes of the times, the fluctation of opinions, with govern ments and rulers. But she changes not. She is ever one and still the same. Empires may crumble and dynasties fall to decay, but she changes not. She remains, among all the revolutions and con vulsions, tranquil, undismayed and undisturbed. Her glory may, indeed, be sometimes clouded, but the clouds drift off, and presently she appears in greater brightness than before. 'Who can fail to discover in this the voice of Him who spoke to the waves of Gallilee, of the author of the promise, ' I am with you.' Yet there are men who do nnt see the evidences of her divinity : they will tell you that it is a wondrous work, a most perfect institution, a device of human cunning, the com bination of many minds fraught with wisdom, prudence, and foresight ; but still human. Is this an argument ? Why not be the church of Christ manifested on earth ? Notwithstanding his teachings and miracles, men in his time resisted them, and said, ' He is the son of Joieph, the carpenter, a Nazarene ; and can any good come out of Nazareth 1' Yet he did not force his truths upon them or .overwhelm them with the manifestation of his glories : but were the truth less his on that account 1 In his day, the man of the world, the worshipper of Mammon, said, ' I cannot be led away by these superstitions ; this is Jesus of Nazareth, and can any good come out of Nazareth ?' Thus the church, though she offers proofs of her divinity, does not force her truths upon any one. They say, ' Look at the crimes charged against you : you cannot be divine.' Ah, but the sun is still in the heavens, though the blind man sees it not. Christ is hers, and she is his church, and is daily gathering into her bosom those who will he saved. And behold another Bishop and apostle set apart and conse crated for this divine church. Yes, venerable brother, the dignity to which you are this day raised, and the responsibility to which you are called, are great indeed. The mitre which will be laid upon your head will tell you that the mitre which pressed the brow of Aaron was the emblem of your own. Its form will tell you that it is the symbol of the two Testaments. The gems that adorn it designate not only the might of learning but the brightness of virtue. The ring to be placed upon your finger is in remembrance of the vow of allegiance to tbe church you make to day. It is tbe seal of your alliance, and will bear evidence of your pledge. Tbe crozier to be placed in your band is not only a staff of mind but a divine staff to lean upon for protection ; and, as it is significant of the pastor's crook, it will remind you that you are the shepherd to feed the flock, whose duty it is to guide the wandering, to en courage the good, and to correct the wicked. Brethren, here is your shepherd. Happy fold, to be under the mild, paternal, but firm rule of such a shepherd. His presence prohibits me from speaking of his merits. All. those who know him, whether bishops, priests or people, know how faithfully he has labored in his master's vineyard ; how works of benevolence have grown up around him; how piety has flourished wher ever his voice was heard. He will teach you by word and example, and will lead you into heavenly pastures. If it be his teach, it is yours to listen — his to rebuke, it is yours with docility to obey. If the cross he wears on his breast is not a mere glittering ornament, it is a symbol that be is to follow Christ, and as he hopes one day to share his glories, he must also bear bis sufferings ; it is yours to share tbe burden with him and follow that cross even though it should lead to Calvary. We must all draw closer together in unity of spirit in the profession of the same faith, the trustfulness of the same hope and universal charity, awaiting in the coming of that happy day when we shall be all united in the beatific vision of God. A blessing I sincerely wish you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. After the sermon the Archbishop left tbe throne, and taking the new bishop by the hand, the senior assistant taking tho other, led him to the throne he had just vacated. This part of the ceremony does not take place except where a bishop is consecrated in his own See. Tbe Te Deum was then intoned, and tbe new bishop, proceeding to the altar, gave his blessing to the congregation, as is usual, but was obliged to content himself with moving aoross tbe sanc tuary, dispensing his blessings as he went. Tho ceremony being then over, the procession formed us on entering the church, and returned to the pastor's residence. It is bard to conceive ft mare sublime or impo sing ceremony than this consecration. It was witnessed throughout by the immense multi tude with tbe utmost 'attention, although it lasted for over four houre. ' ? 