MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. I {From late English Papers ) Induobjcents to Marüt.-The'members of the Liver- pool Police Force have a way of their own by which they extend their congratulations to a newly-married comrade. .On his firet appearance on parade, after the happy event, two of the body raise him shoulders high, and carry him round, amidst the cheers of the assembled men. In addition to this moment of triumph, an officer taking to himself a wife, is, by a recent order, to enjoy a perquisite, which, we fear, will tend to add alarmingly to the number of infantile " bobbies." Every well-conducted officer has already three days' leave'of absence from duty, with full pay, an indulg- ence which, in the case of a newly-married man, is to be extended by the addition of another day's absence, also with full pay. Who would not be a Liverpool policeman ! Thb Pbiob op a Sbat in Parliament. -The prices of obtaining seats at the late general election were as follows :-London : Russell, £3222 ; Rothschild, £1313 ; Duke, £1068 ; Crawford, £999 ; Currie, £970. Tower Hamlets : Ayrton, £1337 ; Butler, £1133; Clay, £806. Finsbury: Duncombe, £412; Cox, £2308; Parry, £736. Lambeth: Roupoll, £5339; Williams, £1705; Wilkinson, £2688. South- wark : Napi»r, £1219 ; Locke, £3880 ; Pellatt, £684. In Westminster and Marylebone, no contest : Shelley, £115 ; Evans, £163 ; Hall, £100 ; Elrington, £150. The above returnB show that an election for a metro- politan borough, when contested, may coBt any sum varying from £1500 to nearly £6000. In respect of the borough of Liverpool, the return made by Mr. T. Carson, the election auditor, shows that £3142 wss paid by Mr. Houghton, on account of Messrs. Horsfall and Turner, and £2413 by Mr. Harvey,- on account of Mr. Ewart, making a total expenditure of £5565. Most of the items have already been published. A deputation had an interview yesterday, June 7th, i with the Earl of Derby upon the subject of telegraphic f communication with India, China, aad Australia by way of the Red Sea. The deputation consisted of Mr. J. C. Marshman, chairman ; Sir Macdonald Stephen- son, deputy chairman ; Mr. James Allen, Mr. J. A. Arbuthnot, Sir S. G. Bonnhom, Bort., K.O.B., Mr. John Bowman, Mr. Thomas Dent, Mr. William Dent, | Mr. W. Gladstone, Mr. Samuel Gregson,. M.P., Cap- tain Hall, R.N., C.B., F.R.S., Mr. Adam Stuart Glad- stone, Mr.E. C. Smith, Mr. Alexander Wilson, F.R.S., Mr. Charles Freshfield, Messrs. Newall, Mr. Lionel Gisborne, Messrs. Scott, Corthorne, and Scott, Messrs. Glass and Elliott, and Sir. C. L. Peel, the secretary to I the company. Lord Stanley, President of the Board of Control, was present at the interview. Dr. Bernard, the hero of the recent state prosecu- tion, made his first sppesrance as a leoturer, at Green- wich, on Monday evening. The subject and the man drew a crowded audience. Dr. Bernard stated that the exiles of Italy, Germany, Hungary, Poland, and | France, concentrated their attention upon Paris, and would, in the firet instance, combine to overthrow the system of government in force in that country. He also related some facts whioh tend to prove that the | model police of the empire are not quite so efficient as they are supposed to be. Mazzini'a last letter to the | Emperor, and Mr. Edwin James.' speech,, have been ' translated, printed, and circulated in France, at the expense of working mea. Extraordinary. Number of Piokïooxbts at Epsok Races.-During the races at Epsom last week then ., . was a larger number of robberies committed than wal ' ever known on any previona occasion of these races ; ' indeed, it ia stated by Mr. Inspector Thornton, of th« detective force, and perhaps no one is better able from his long experience to give an opinion on the subject, that he never on any occasion or at any place saw a larger number of the light-fingered gentry present. The inspector, with fifteen officers under him, in plaia clothes, with great tact succeeded ii capturing no fewer than sixty-four, on whom were found all sorts 01 property, comprising gold watches, opera glasses, vic- torine», &c.; Amongst others apprehended was aman named Jones, son of a notorious receiver, who waa convicted at the last Old Bailey sessions. Sergeant Tanner, an active detective officer, and to whom considerable praise is due, saw, /'? the fellow enter a booth kept by a man named" -. -? Horton, and suspecting be had some booty about him followed him in. No sooner had he done so than he was attacked by a mob of about fifty ruffians, soma armed with sticks and others with stones, with which they assailed him. Sergeant Tanner, however, finding no chance of getting out with his prisoner by the regu- lar entrance, took a knife from his pocket, with which he made a rent in the canvas, and what with fighting and dragging, and with the assistance of another officer (Silverton), at length succeeded ia securing hil prisoner, on whom and on several others the sergeant < found two gold watches (one with the makers' names, "Guerrin and Bretting, Geneva") opera glasses, brooches, sixteen silk handkerchiefs, coats, &o.; The , man Horton, in whosebooth the sergeant was attacked, and which appeared to be the rendezvous of the >' thieves, was afterwards fined £5 for inciting the mob to attack the officer, and with the view of rescuing his prisoner. Colonel G-, recently arrived from India with a fortune of nearly a million sterling, left England, forty years ago, in the humble capacity of captain's clerk, on board the Lowther Castle, then trading to Cal- ' cutta. An Extraordinary Catastrophe. - The three children of the Marchessa Gaetellucoio, of Naples, the ? eldest of whom is scarcely eight, having seen Alflere's ' tragedy of "Orestes" performed at the Florentine Theatre, amused themselves next day by imitating the -, last scene. The eldest boy, taking a kitchen knife as a poignard, plunged it into his siBter's throat, and in- flicted so serious a wound that she died in a few minutes. He then wounded his younger brother dangerously, and afterwards plunged the knife into his own breast, near the heart, inflicting a very serious ' wound. At this moment the mother entered, and her despair at finding one child dead, and the other two dangerously wounded, maybe imagined. The Cholera in France.-The Journal des Debáis of 9th May, has a short article on the.cholera in France. The number of victims to this disease in 1854 is esti- '? mated at 150,000 only, but this is considered to befar below the real number of deaths. The deaths in the urban or town districts averaged 57 out of every 10,000 inhabitants, and in the rural districts 34 out of every 10,000. The mortality of the two sexes was pretty ' nearly equal in the towns, but in the country the num- ber of female deaths exhibited a remarkable excess. The ravages of the disease throughout France were , ' strikingly less in the first two "invasions" than in that of 1854 ; thus, in 1832, the deaths from cholera' ' « are reckoned at 102,735 only, and in 1849 at 110,110, while in 1854 they rose to 150,000, but it is shown that the disease gains in extent what it loses in intensity. Another remarkable fact is that the mortality increases in the direct ratio of the age of the patients-thus, above the age of 20 years the number of deaths exhibits a striking increase. The Navy.-£100,529 (as estimated) has been saved in wages by paying off eight line-of-battle ships in the spring of 1857. These ships were the Caesar, the Wellington, the Nile, the JameB Watt, the Cressy, the Colossus, the Majestic, and the Exmouth.-times, - May 10. "? . A Nioht at Sea, on board the War Steakm - Inflexible.-One night Captain Brooker beat tonight, "" quarters, and we went down to forewarn Teh, lest ha " " should suffer by being startled from sleep by the sound of heavy guns. He and his servant were already up and inquiring. They had heard the sudden bustle upon deck. Having been told,that the men were - , going to exercise with the great guns, he quietly turned ' ~ in again He actually affected to be fast asleep while the 68 lb. pivot gun was blszing away just "over hisr,r< head, and the broadsides were shaking the ship from stem to stern. He had the impudence to declare next i morning that he had slept quite through the firing. There is in the day of these blue tropical seas one hoar of beauty, when the plain of waters'is just heaving io the light head breeze, and the only visible object is the red, round sun, falling down the western heavens so rapidly that it seems at last to drop, and quench in the reddened waters. Our captain chooses this cool healthy moment to put the men through their exercise, and Yeh, full of dinner, waddles upon deck and sits in a big bamboo chair, with his two attendants behind him. What a wild turmoil of well regulated eon fusion immediately takes plaoe on board the Inflexible! Mr. Beavan, the first lieutenant, is dictating an inter- minable series of manoeuvres, more rapidly, I believe,' than man ever before talked ; 300 men are in perpetual motion, moving in every different direction, but with purpose in their heads and speed in their hands and feet. In a few minutes the naked ship is dad in oanvaB. Another order, and before the expanded sails can feel the gently opposing zephyr she is again naked to her spars. Then a whistle, and a hoarse boatswain's cal), and the bees swann again. In a moment every gun is manned. Every man in that straining crowd seems to have a special work to do, knows it, and does it. Handspikes are worked with a will, the blue j ackets bending to the labour as though ? < a real enemy were at our yardarm. The broadside > guns are run in and out like children's gocarts, and the huge pivot guns are Bpun round as though they wera dummies of cork instead of mountains of cast iron. But the captain's sharp eye ia not always satisfied, and ever and anon comes a voice from the paddlebox, awarding extra drill to No. 2 or No. 5 ef some designated gun for not being smart enough or for being in his wrong place. What is Yeh doing all this time? Is he marking this orderly energy, this discipline, this zeal of art, this heartiness of work, this scene of a multitude in motion, with one object, and is he pondering over the lesson? Not at all. Two middies, hidden by the I awning from the eye of the captain, are skylarking ~ together, and the bigger one has just forced his smaller comrade breech- foremost into the tub of the log.ree). Yeh is slyly watching those scapegraces through the oorner of his thin eyes, and when the young gentleman goes souse into the full tub he chuckles, bat imme- diately turns away his head, to hide the undignified < enjoyment. Then in a moment it is night. Twenty -. ' minutes after the sun is down nothing can be seen but the tall windsails glancing to and fro like ghosts in the - gloaming. Yeh has gone down to drink tea and sleep ; remembering, as I believe, nothing of what he saw on" deck, except only the whimsical tace of the " small boy " who was forced backwards into the tub of water._ -Times' Special Correspondent. 