ed S U P R E M E O O U R T . SECOND TERM, 1868. &•«.•„„..„ n finally PP^ITAL^ or ,„„,„„„ . v, C? e A re Fle m ">9. f.' r Valentine A ft., Chitf Justice, and Thos Home, hcq., Puisne Judge.) fyparte BOTCHES Mr. Oregson moved to make absolute the tule t 0 T eler back the award to the arbitra- , ,0 ™ herein. lhe Attorney.General showed cause, and ssid the c . BSe ftood OTer for further affidavits ! 011 ,,1B P ri noipal fact in dispute, namely, as to the bills of exchange discounted byMt. d, ' Knight; and whether these bills, paid b | Mr - Butcher were those for payment in re. spect of which the arbitrators had made their award (inter alia). An affidavit of Mr. w - Knight, tiled on behalf of Mr. Butcher, alleeedthat the bills were recovered upon in November, 18S6; end the Attorney. General argued that the award, made in J» ne >only referre j to debts then due. He then adverted to the affidavit sworn by t . Mr. Butcher, on the motion for an attach- ( merit against his mother, by which it appearert, if Mr. Butcher were to be believed on his oath, that the bills so paid in Xovember, 18S6, were not included in the award, In the course of argument the learned couni eel asked if the Court wero prepared to esta. j blish the precedent now sought for by the decisinn that an award could be repudiated. ; then an action brought on matters connected . with it, and then come to the Court to refer back the award to the arbitrators, tho only circumstance to juBtify it, being that the Court had the power to send back the award ? Theii Honors would never be able | to lay the ghost of sueh a precedent, for it would be quoted whenever any new law were brought into operation. Tho length of time that had elapsed, and the inconsistent proceedings of Mr. Butcher would, he apprehended, oesufficieut to prevent the Court from granting the motion. Mr. Gregson expressed himself astounded at tho tone and temper with which his learned friend had argued the case. He stated that Mr. Butcher abandoned the action against his mother, he discontinued it. He admitted that two bills were before the arbitrators and that they formed part of the matter in difference: but he contended that there had been no undue delay in the matter. He desired to call attention to the submission, trom which it would appear that matters in difference arising for several years ii respect to the management of the e»t«te,Mr Butcher's claim to be a co-partner in the stock, matters unfit for the decision of the court, but proper matters for a Teterence. He then went on to state the making of the award, and Mrs Butcher's refusal to recognise the same on tender of the same and the receipts to her; he contended that repudiation was talked of, it was his client who repudiated the award. Tho question of delay required notioe, and the fact was, Mr Butcher had never been idle; although he had let one term go by, being very unwilling to proceed against his mother; on the last day of laBt term their Honors had decidcd on the authority of a m- ennt case at home, that the voluntary submission of arbitration could, in the discretion of the court, be sent back to the arbitrators, on which Mr Butcher was advised to discontinue the action. He next cited Bailey v. Curling, 20, Law Journal, Q.B., p. 235. referred to in Russel, on Arbitrations, and showing a decision by Mr Justice Earle that a long delav, two years and threq months, unexplained, was no objection to proceeding by attachment. He therefore urged that the delay in this case was but short. Mr Butcher had instructed him that it was extremely painful to him to proceed at all and be was most anxious to refer the case back toj the arbitrators. Mr Garrett and Mr White, who hBd appointed Mr Tonkin as umpire. The delay waB sufficiently explained; and this was just the kind of error in the award on which the court would send it back. Their Honors deferred judgment, the Chief Juatire confessing that he had difficulty as to the appropriation of the two bills discounted by Mr W. Knight.. Mr Gregson said he would file an affidavit that the proceeds were applied in the general management of the estate, but After discussion the case was deferred. SOLOMON V. SOLOKON. Mr Adams said be had given notice of tnon this case, but not in time, as there weie not two clear days. The motion was that the writ of tic exeat issued last Tuesday be set aside, on the ground of irregularity, on the merits, and should these grounds {ail, then he would apply to have the amount of bail reduced, to say £lSno. The irregula. ritf was that one of the affidavits was entitled "Isaac" Solomon as plaintiff. The other Affidavit was also informal. Chief Justice—It is Isaac Solomon against himself. Mr Adams—Tes, (a laugh). The Attorney-General (looking at the document)—It is too true, vour Honor, Mr Adams made a second objection that the affidavits were not filed, and a third that they moved on the original affidavit and not on office copies. Upon these grounds he submitted that the writ of tie exeat could not be sustained. Mr Adams said he had no wi$h to,press these objections, if the court would take a smaller amount of bail. The Attorney .General (who waived the shormess of the notice) admitted the two first points, but he said in a pressing case the affidavits themselves could be used. He cited a case in 14 Bevan, p. 20 (the Mercer's Company,) to support this point. The Chief Justice having referred to a case to the (Xintrary; the motion was granted, and the writ discharged with coBts. FIELD V. KIKOSWZLL. The Crown Solicitor expressed the acquiescence of Mr Byron Miller and himself, on the Attorney-General's suggestion that the rule for a new trial heiein be enlarged to the second sitting day of the next term, in the meantime all proceedings to be stayed. Bulo enlarged accordingly. (In Equity.) • Hom V. MACNAUGHTAN & ora. Mr Pritohard moved on petition presented by the plaintiff, setting forth the substance of the decree, including a reference to the Master to insert advertisements and give notices in England and Scotland in reference to proof of debts due to the estate of Birkmyre and Co., and also setting out that only four debts to the amount :of £246 0d 2d due tn persons described, two of them as of London, and two of Bridport and then praying that after paying the costs, certain turns isa the hands of the llegistrar to the credit of cause, be srt apart for parlies as therein prayed, the allegations were verified by affidavit. The Solicitor-General (Pitcairn, Solicitor) appeared for two of the defendants, Messrs. Macnaughtan and Roope, pointed out that in respect of £245 19s. 2d., the order should not be oomplied with for distribution, but that that amount should be reserved to meet the four debts referred to. aeeing that it did not appear that the four creditors had had notice. The Chief Justice suggested that efforts might be easily made to discover the creditors in question both in London and Bridpirt. But ths Court were prepared to make . -aer in tprms prayed, reserving the sum .13 19s. 2d, to be subject to the further of the Court. Order made accordingly. BBOOUB (an Infant) v. M'CAETUY AND OTHE&S.; Mr. Pritehard, on behalf of the plsintiff, , moved for a decretal order iu this case, pursuant to notice, under the 14th and 15th sections of the Equity Procedure Act Mr. W. L. Dobson appeared for three of the defendants, Joseph Kirkby, Peter Clyne, and Edward Jno. Dawes, Mr. Pritehard stated the pleadings which , rela'ed to Bome trust funds under the estate of Henry Bellinger Broome, the prayer of the bill being for an account, also an enquiry ! into the past maintenance of the infant, the appointment of a guardian, and the delivery up of deeds and documents, i'he notice of motion was for the taking of an account." An affidavit of Klitabetli M'Cartliy, verirying the allegations in the bill, was read. It appeared that she became administratrix to , the intestate estate of Broome, and that ' Kirkby, Clyne, Symons, and Dease, became sureties thereon ; Dease never took an active part, but the others assumed to themselves , the y right to interfere, Symons being the | mosr active, and receiving monies belonging • tothe estate In 1857 Symons became insolvent, a sum of £289 12s. being then in his hands; and Kirkby and Clyne having af,er- . wards received a dividend thereon of I £144 16s., handed that and other monies ! to Douglas and Dawes for invest- ; ment, some portion of which had been invested accordingly, but in , the names of Messrs. Kirkby snd Clyne; j and that Messrs Douglas and Dawes had received various sums in respect of the estate ! for which they refused to account. Mr Pritehard said there were three affidavits filed by the defendants, which he referred to. Among these affidavit', was one by the defendant Dawes, alleging that £400 of the trust money had been lent on mortgage to John Joseph Moore, £200 to one Fletcher, and other sums to other parties, and that deponent had always been willing to account, and was ready to pay over any balance in his bands. Mr. W. L Dobson objected to a portion of the decree asked for, as to an enquiry into the support given to the infant, because (Irs. McCarthy kept the child against the wish of Messrs. Kirkby and Clyne, and also that the child was being brought, up as a Catholic, whereas the child's father was a Pro cstaut; and that past maintenance thould not be allowed, especially as the paternal grand, mother in England had wished to keep the child for nothing. lie also objected to the order on Messrs. Kirkby and Clyne being called on to account, as they had really only received one sum of money, and that was after the euit was commenced. Decretal Order granted, as prayed. SOLOMON V. SOLOUOK. The Attorney-General moved on affidavits filed, for another writ ol ne exeat Colonia in this case, against Isaac iiolumon, one of the defendants, to be indorsed £11,780. Mr. Adams submitted that ihcir Honors could scarcely grant the writ for the full amount, as the right to recover a great part was gone at law and in equity. The defendant was quite willing to find bail for £1500 himself, and two sureties in £1508. The Attorney General briefly replied, and The Court granted the writ, the full amount to be endorsed, but said it would be competent to the Court to reduce the amount without quashing the writ. Their Honors rose at half-past four, this being the last sitting day of term. 