. ?Ije liar. \- BAILY ISSUE. MOND AT, IBT NOVEMBER, 1858. PUBLIC LIBRARY ANDI LECTURE HALL. " OUR young- men" has been a theme somewhat in favor with ministers and others who have taken upon them to espouse the cause of the " rising gene ration," to point out its importance, and to urge public attention to the adoption of measures likely to be of service to the young growing race of future men, and through them to society at large. Nobody can ques tion the importaace of the subject, and the propriety of arousing attention thereto. Here, in Ballarat, the want of adequate means of administering to the intellectual requirements of " our young men" has been long felt, and yet the want exists to this day. We have had mechanics' institutes projected, and they have dragged out a wearisome existence for a time, and have then given up the ghost. Dis cussion societies have shared a similar fate. One or two local orators have, for a few weeks) indulged their idio syncrasies in matters of various inte rest and importance. Weighty questions, which for centuries have perplexed the brains of the thinking ones, have been rapidly exhausted and decided. Problems in political economy and social manners, and pro positions in casuistry and metaphysics, have been solved with most edifying courage and very rapid argumest Individual character, living and dead, has been overhauled, weighed in the balances, and the brevet stamp of value put upon it, with delightful confidence and assurance. And yet, in spite of all these great works, these discussion societies have ail gone, in colonial parlance, " to the dogs." Private enterprise has erewhile projected read ing rooms, and supplied them liberally at reasonable charges, and yet they have been unsuccessful. Why is this ? Does no such want exist, or are our young men unable to appreciate the advantages accompanying the supply of such places and means of mental recreation and culture ? We would be loath to admit the latter, and of the former the existence is too palpable to be ignored, and too important to be carelessly and indefinitely shelved. We have now no public library, no reading room, no mechanics' in stitute, no discussion or debating club, nor any of the many othei adjuncts to a profitable and elevated course of intellectual self-improve ment. And what is the consequence? That large mass of unmarried young men, who have no home but th« boarding house, or the cheerless bachelor's haunt in tent or cottage, is left to be preyed upon by the noise, and glitter, and stupidity, and im morality, and dissipation, which art so liberally provided by the worst classes of public caterers, for the amusement and self-indulgence ol their patrons. Our theatrical pro prietors have sometimes provided us with unexceptionable bills of fare, tc the enjoyment of which, it was al once a delight and a benefit to sit i down'; but they have as often given nothing but the namby pamby oi worse. While the owners of basei haunts of vice and infamy, have beer sedulously active in surrounding then places with as much of the attractive as was possible, in order to secure : share of the public patronage. Assooi as the office, the court, the counting house, and the shop are closed, as soot as the " day shift " miner has dom with his labor, what do we see Crowds of young men sally forth fo: the evening, but not to the well stocked, well-lighted, well-ordere< public library and reading room, fo we have no such place of resort. No to the conveniently situated, and en ergetically superintended debating club room or mechanics' institute di they go, for no such things exis amongst us. AU bachelordom tites is left to disport itself in the Mau road, from Lydiard street to Red Hil and the multifarious and not imex ceptionable provisions for the dissipa tion of ennui and an idle hour, whicl that thoroughfare presents, becom the staple article of indulgence, in lie; )f more salutary and more manly re creations. From very dearth of al other resources of relaxation, ou homeless isolated monads of bachelor as we have described lt. tba «wacert room, tiie billiard saloon,anojSäar ; nameless hauntsj fill Ag) übe iniseráble cycle Jnjj$üojLti» loose elements of our male ^^É^^ÍS ¡^a^B^t .compelled to revolve? aM :mm what insult requires no occult divining power to conceits. fEhe nett result is ai waste of money, a . misspending of ame, the contraction of idle, soulless bkbits and tastes, and arenera! depre ciation of energy -and character in everything that is dignified and ex alting. { We do not- denounce the . the atre, as we hare it supplied to to us sometimes on Ballarat. We do not wish ourselves rid of the well-con ducted and well-served concert room. We do not condemn the hippodro matic or acrobatic spectacle now and then provided for us. These are all very pleasant, and even useful in their way. But we do not want these always. It is like being condemned to live upon poundcake and lemonade, or Borne omer light and luscious confec tion, when tiie system imperatively demands a fair allowance of rougher, wholesome^ more sübslaatial diet, as inditpmsable to vigoróos health and real enjoyment. We believe that we ?peak the unuttered thought of many a young man in this populous place, when we say that there is a widespread yearning for some institution which would afford an opportunity for an evening's quiet reading in a well-fur Dished and weu-organised library, an intellectual tilt with a friendly debater, or à mental feast at the hands of a competent lecturer upon some one or ¡ other of the many topics afloat,in the j world of letters and science. Nor do we believe that the miserable failures J in the past, and to which we have] already adverted, should be regarded j as anything but beacons to show us ! where the proper channel lies. We want one large central institution, comprising a library, reading rooms, and lecture halls, established by public grant, and liberally supplied with every requisite for tho efficient carry ing out of the ends to be proposed in such a design. There should be books, and papers, and models, and apparatus adliiitum, and all this should be cheaply supplied to us. Of course we must pay for it, but tho payment should be out of the national treasury, and not by pitiful exactions in the shape of entrance fees ; or if any fee, it should be a merely nominal one, which everybody could afford, and not be thereby de terred from resorting to the place of which we are speaking, as the great want now so pressingly felt by "our young men." We have, it is true, a Mechanics' Institute reserve, and tn nubibus, an Industrial Institute. A library has also been talked about, but we want them at once, and we want none of your peripatetic libraries, none of the new fashioned collections circulating tn globo and thus perform ing the grand tour of the provinces. Such an absurdity is not fitting the importance and the necessities of Bal larat. The thing we do want but ill brooks such tardy handling as it has yet had, and should be set about to some more promising purpose than has been the case hitherto. Let us hope that Messrs Humffray and Lalor may be able to coalesce in the Assembly for this purpose at all events, and that in the meantime, active measures of agi tation may be initiated here in their support. There should be no local jealousies or prejudices here to retard so desirable a consummation, and we would rejoice to see a committee of both municipalities organised for the purpose of at once shaping a eourse for the speedy accomplishment of so important an object. 