PROTESTANTISM IN OCEANICA. ,. - (From the Uuivers.) A French Bishop, a short time ago, who was de niroiis of visiting the American Consul, at that time residing in a Methodist village in Arisi, was repulsed with outrage and violence : the populace, armed with axes and clubs, and headed by the Ministers in per- | son, took-; post on the shore, and drove back the boat. The Bishop caused Thakob.-iu (under whose autho rity the village was) to come forward, and he was asked why these people acted in this manner. Tha kobau, pointing with his hand toward the house of the Wesleyan Minister, said, ' They have proved to us1 that you were' come to seize our lands, to abuse our women, and to exercise upon us all sorts of crueltips ; and that you belonged to the wicleed na tloh called Frenchmen and Papists, and that we ought i to drive you away in order to preserve our goods and ' our lives. Therefore, do not think that you'will be allowed to set your foot on shore in our archipelago.' In the Samoa Islands the same scenes have taken place. The. first Priest who made his appearance there in 1845 was twenty days befoie he could land ; he was driven away at all points with threats anil violence — the only native who at last consented ito receive him into his house did so weeping, and over whelmed by the reproaches of his family, and the remorse of his own conscience. ' Yes,' said he, ' I have done a great evil — it is a pestilence which I .hare introduced into the country, but I wish to try it, and we shall at 'any time be got rid of it:'.1 he did try indeed — he harboured the Priest, and was one of. the fust to embrace the Catholic religion. To recount all the persecutions fomented in these islands ' against the French Priests and their neophytes by the Methodists would be-too long and fatiguing. For more than twelve years past they have constantly had to' struggle against, the most scandalous and absurd calumnies, against the vexations of every day and almost every moment. To contradict an impu tation ? formally posed, and to prove its untruth, is easy when one is innocent ;'? but to have to meet a deluge of falsehoods renewed and reproduced under all sorts of shapes, and this in a country where the light of civilization has not yet penetrated, is by no means an easy task: their absurdity, which in a ci vjJised country would render them ridiculous and im probable, has not the same effect in a country still steeped in ignorance — and, again, the continuous le petition of the slanders leaves no leisure for refuting them. Is « calumnious report refuted and exposed ? another more malicious is immediately set afloat. It is like tho Hydra of the fable — cut off one of its heads, and another springs up in its place. Ask the Protcstants'bf Tonga, of Viti, or of Samoa, if they have any news to tell of the Catholic Missions of AVnllis or Fiituna : ' Those islands,' they will'tell you, ' have the misfortune to be under the domina tion of the Papists ; the inhabitants do not now pos sess a single inch of ground — everything belongs to the priests, who have reduced the nconle into slavery. These same priests h.ive seized all t!\e women of the country, and keep them shut up in subterraneous places ; they murder tho children', the fruit of their incontinence, and makehorrible repasts of them. The- Chiefs have fallen into contempt, and all their power has fallen Jnto the hands of i the Priests, who have become tlie'tyrants of those islands.' Go your self to AVallisand to.Futuna to ascei tain the truth of those -abominable imputations, what will .you find there,?— a population truly Christian, chiefs having full authority, and governing their subjects accord ing to the maxims of the Gospel— -soma Priests living in a poor imimicr, uitliout protection or an inch ol' landed property, and entirely occupied in instructing 'and directing the Faithful confided to their care. In terrogate the people as to whether any suspicion exists in the country against the Piitsts, if any infraction ot their vows of continence have taken place, you would find nothing that could give rise in this mat ter to the slightest suspicion. Go back again to the Protestant islands — repeat what you have seen and heard — you will have thrown at you,, for the most complete answer, tho word Papist ; and, as an insult, youwill be told that if those things which have been spoken of have not yet taken place, they will,- take place at a later time. However, as for that, it mat ter's little ; for one lie exposed they have a hundred others to pul forward. Ask for information in one , part of the Archipelago what the French Priests are doing in the other, you will meet the same.calumuics, tlie same abuse. In one place tliey are reported as ripping up the women, in' another they have seized all the land — elsewhere they are laying plots to in duce their1 nation to exterminate the :'.: natives' — in another place they are .seeking to have the Metho dists, who refuse to be converted, hanged. Every where their proselytes are rebels to all authority, who ought to be massacred and annihilated. . Everywhere there is the same system of defamation 'and calumny ;' sometimes spread about secretly and underhanded in order to frighten, sometimes expressed loudly by cries or insulting' songs — by pamphlets or engravings representing the Priests and Bishops in the act of committing sin. There are no persecutions and dangers to which this system has not exposed tho French Priests', incessantly occupied as they are in refuting the most odious imputations, or in defending their neophytes from the continual vexatious put upon them. What, humiliations have they not to suffer — what insults and injuries have they not to endure! AVIiile every., thing is permitted against them, the slightest act of justice. towards them, or in their favour, is con sidered as a crime. At Lukeba, one ot the servants' of the French Priests ventured to iiru at a g'tnt)1 which was destroying his plantation. He was fully justified in so doing, the authorities of the country having passed a law ordering such animal'! to be shut up, and allowing the public poi'inissiou of killing such as should be found straying. The owner of the goat, in the present case, had been in formed of the damage donc.b'y his animal; bnt, unfortunately, the Minister was the owner'' of the goat in this instance, and he found something better to do than attending to the complaint of a Papist and a Frenchman. The goat was dead, and the Minister furious, and resolved to exact a fearfu revenge, lie imniediatly bent several men to^ttie? Priest's servant's house, who' dragged him outsra and' began belabouring him with their clubs, ah* would doubtless have left him foi dead had not llffi1) Priest, alarmed at the noise, uished to his. absiit mte and rescued him from hia assail nits How many times in this same Island of Laktba hi\e not the native Catholics been threatened with the »\e by the -AVe'sleyan Chiefs, and forced, undei pain ol diath, to renounce, against their uni!-ueui.e, the piokssion of their religion ! To what ve\itions and insults of all kinds have- those whose l.ink ptesened them from the penalty of death been obliged to submit to ?during tho whole existence of the Mission ' The priests and the neqpnytcs ol ronga na\e not been better treated during a great number of -eais. TheCittholios have been condemned as rebel'1 for 10 fusing to submit; to Methodism. AVai has been waged against them ; they ha\e bean treacherously seized, their village has been buiiit, the chapel and house of the French Priests ha\6 been sacked and pillaged. They have been overwhelmed mill insults and injuries, and have been lcduculto the last stuge of poverty. Whoever has lefused to embrace Methodism has bii;ii threatened with death, and has been cruelly exiled. Man ad pioplu bine been si pariited; the father would be sent to oik- pait and the wife to another, ami the clnldieii havubeen lorn from those who gave them buth. Vll the Catholics have been dispersed iti thu most cruel and huniili ulin'g manner. The French Guvunoi .it Ot.iheite, healing of theso vexations, h.u- been justly indignant. ?Til 18,'-' he came himself to a\cn^e the. mongs in flicted on the numbers of the French Clcr(n II was'outhe point of exacting lull i\pial on from the Methodist population for tluu um oithy conluct and odious proceedings ; the Priuli icitrninul hit and, placing themselves as mediators, they gave up all claims to identification for the losses they had suffered ; they simply asked that a treaty should bo concluded between the French Government and King George, which should guarantee that for tho future at Tonga it should be perfectly free for any one to profess the Catholic religion. Thi3 treaty1 las been concluded. It is stated in one of the prin cipal articles that the Catholics exiled on ilcicoimt of their religion should bo recalled and reinstated in their homes, that they should enjoy the samd rights and privileges as the Methodists, that French ships shall be piloted and victualled the same as those of other nations. This article is sufficiently significant, and requires no commentary ; it fully indicates the nature of the acts which gave rise to it.. Such, in a few woids, are tho means which the Wesleyan Missionaries have employed to bring dyet to their belief the ?populations. of Oceanica^ andtjiat ' they still employ to maintain and propagate'it. I ' leave those who pay them so liberally to judge if ill this they have carried out their. views, and if sucli means appear to them conformable to the maxims of the Gospel. Let us now see the results obtained by the Pro tcsltnt Mission. That the islands of Oceanica are at this lime more accessible to ships, that trade is beginning to spread and is earned on with more se cuiity, is not precisely the effect of religion, but rather the consequence of the great number of vessels frequenting these regions, of the great num-_ her of whites of all nations who have tnken'up their ' abode in the islands. The natives have .compre hended fiom iill this that tliese white foreigners were numerous, powerful, and rich ; | that any aggression on their pait would be dangerous; and that it was to their advantage to maintain peaceablo and commercial relations with them. This effect would arise independent of religion, as it has been seen in those islands which have not yet been visited by the missionaries, but which have been touched at by numerous vessels. It would indeed be grossly deceiving one's self to to pretend that the aim and 'end of a religious mis sion should be the cultivation and development of , commerce. , 1 he object ot a religious mission is to spread the knowledge and the belief of the Christiail faith, and along with this knowledge and this belief to introduce good faith and good manners, which are the basis of all true civilisation1; but in this double view of instruction and morality the Method ist mission is far from having produced happy re. suits. The only book of instruction which has been put into the haiids of thn natives, as containing thef Christian doctrine, is the Bible; but this sacred book cannot be translated fully in the Polynesian , languages, as they do, not possess words necessary to express the profound truths which it contains, nor even to relate the greater part of the 'histories with which it abounds, and which presuppose some slight general knowledge of our state of civilisa tion, of which these people are profoundly ignorant. However, the Bible has bseu translated — the wholo has been done in the language of Tonga, and partly in that of Viti. But this sacred? book, thus transj lated, what is it in reality in the'hands of a native save a series of words of which he has no c'ompre- *' ' hension — fioin whence 'ha, can scarcely gather a fow sentences, which are sometimes misconstructions ? The reading of the Uible leaves in his mind i|b' cleni' ami-distinct idea of religion, and lills his Aumgina tion with a confusion of incoherent aad very ofton ridiculous ideas. Interrogate, not a mere, simple1 believer, but one of the Methodist catechists, about the religion which he professes and teaches ; you1 will bo surprised at the gross anachronisms and ex travagant statements he will retail out to you. He will not be able to tell you anything which could lead you to suppose him to have any fixed idea on the subject. He will make Jems Christ come before Moses, lie will tell you how the Papists hiassacrcd him at the foot of Mount Sinai for_ having broken the Sabbath-day, and many other 'things of lika nature. Hear him exhorting his people and warm ing them against the doctrines of tho Papists. ' What do those Pagans do with their rosaries ?' ho will say — ' Adam and Eve were created by God, and did they recite the rosary ? Those idolaters say our religion is much mo e ancient than yours. 'Yr»r- mwl it' if urtf ill n t mil inK1 MM lllidL' it- fit . \\\n Ul\ ll:lll -'/- J. bO) illl\l 4a Ik llWk.bll»l- II U1UII Vlttiiii.il i v «.w u_uv .,_„.. Would you prefer a new coat to an old one !!' &c-; If I had not myself heard these sorts' of tdisedurses; I should never have thought or supposed' that, a Methodist catechist would dare to expose his igno rance so grossly, and exhibit such notorious bad faith. Such are, however, the great number of the native catechists that the ministers suiirt abotit to preach the Gospel. Add to this that these men have been persuaded that they have arrived at a state ot perfect justification, and that they are directly in spired by the Holy Ghost, and you may form some idea of them. Piide, combined with ignorance and hypocrisy, could not put oii a form mow expressivi! than theirs. Take care how you. attempt to instruct or reprove them ; your temerity in expressing the ?. slightest doubt of their sanctity, or their Divintr science, of which they are so fully convinced, will bu instantaneously punished by a torrent of abuse* ? It is not for such as you, profane man, to reprove t'icso saints; it is for them U lecture to you. on morality, and to instruct you. Ho you live in a.: Methodist island ? 'you must absolutely uiibmif , yourself to the belief of the c.itechist. I f you neg' k-ct to frequent the chapel, you will see him on the' Sunday, tho cane in his hand and the Bible under', his arm, marching up tu your residence ; bo will , 'take his seat very gravely, and without askinj; your permission he will begin to pour forth a sermon, . Do you drive him away as a troublesome. fellow ?; lie will go away rejoicing and applauding lihnseli fur having suilured.'persecution for God's sake ; ' bufc he will come liack again the lirst opportunity. Get him' on to 'the topic of the Frjnch ani the Papists* and then yon will have a specimen of his^luqueuce, and he will, tell you such tales as, with the most imaginative aud fruitful mind, you could .never havo .invented. ??..*. : ' 