XONDON GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion, April Xl.) When whig cabinet councils used to sit a couple^of times u week, the Chaldee soothsuyei bf the opposition was accustomed to cast the horoscope of the ministry, and foretell Go- vernmental -Dissolutions-us - - loom ïng . in - the future, j If' the, sumer omen portends a similar fatality,' the '.DerbyUes-:should, be in extremis, and somebody-or-other on-the- pointt)f-being "sent for." Cabinet"councils are continuously sitting : now_,~and;7 tbereTis? invariably oho on Saturday;,perhaps a .pleasantry of the Pre- mier's, by way of discussing the Jew Bill busi- ness, on anTappföpriate" day ; and a very, tick- lish business ittis^sure to bo, now .that Bethell hás - resolved/to bring it on in shape of a re- solutionto ~sêât . .Rothschild,- and.BO compel Campbell to. commit; all who vote for the motion,,or commit himself by letting it alone. ,Tb:day'8 council 'sat two hours ;-a1 marvellous spell certainly.seeing-that ministers have de- clared that they havè nothing to do, and don't kno\vphpw/'tb' do'fit if they had, and have asked the public/to do it for them. .This, tho ¡ public are i quite willing to'db-in any way their morn- ing1 thinking-machine moy tell them how not to do it ; " which- is. just .what the, head that .carries .the brains of tho,cabinet lias contrived that'the instruction so'1 to1: 'bo communicated shall amount to. ' , ,SUli; |thiere','aire ' matter's in '.which even such a Ministry, must ..take the .initiative, and how to deal with their imperial ? and im "practîcablèTfrienjd; W .The 6ery personage who.ilike 'Ariel, "now In the waist,, the deck- and' every cabin, flamed amazement" on the '8th' of .Septomber, .'55, ^Malakoff, has' not ;ye^;,íarriyecl,, though He was to have done' yesterday, and .now: we don't exactly know when he'll come,mor what'he'll do when he dôës.'~'lii7"."his~placé7Thow come "tidings that'{hë^Wfté^^ .exceedingly-intênse^crpss-the-çhqnnel ;as^ to impel to'the "disciplining of'no end of ' French .soldiers in those ^amphibious antics of jumping into fiat-bottomed-boats and on dry land again, which,' when-'practised''at' Boulogne this time fifty years', kept the'then ,'Sèçr'etâry-at-War, the present t member, ,*.'Çç^.'.t.Tiver'jtÔD,:.:in«- ; a stateof .yiyacious friskiness. ; -A- -renewal of, tho, ani .ni'ating, prospect'¡mu8% .him',\and abp$.t the renewal ho can't entertain much doubt,1 > - considering/ that beside - the ."marine"and'sub~marinev gymrjastics alluded .to, tliei^ is a general]', arming of the Trénch coast 'defences, by .way, of course, of a-preventative ?against invasion. - As invasions generally imply invaders, and ''as'invaders must come from somevfhero.'phé. is.curious', td know the present . locale of these prospective buccaneers, ? against whom the nephew of.his>unole is taking; these SeCidedly_ consajiguhjoous. precautions. '; They can^scarcely, bp againsMhe,twin, Kings of Siam, or^tho.Pjresijleiit, of paraguay, ¡pr.the Lama of '/Th'ibef, ¿pp" t¡áé¡ .Qùépn; .of /the iLqbahph¿.or .the imperial potentate!/ofoHayfii-i-iaud who can] imagine that there are anyUpthera barbarous -tínoügh to 'möditate ag'greS8iön! at this season '{B9.smôpa>lïtàti '.confidence 'and general human {cbntphtment and reciprocal henevolerico.-! .. / , j ,'i zStill there will bo crotchetty people in this "world always, as there have . occasionally been ^heretofore/ ,t Therp'j.will bo^popplp' allays, look-i ¡Jng ^'beyond their nose,' and discerning squalls! iOn I the, .horizon when all is : halcyon placidity) 'around.'^ Mr. Wilson's rarige; of piston'- need] ^nbt 'ho'Véry1'rpówerfúlí'ton 'boVul$£rià'sal,rfor! Reasons, , sufficiently/ conspicuousi;'lbut,.he/is{ peering arbead into cloud- land > with «a forty-, .telescopic power < that ;woul3Jaliriós't' imply that! 'ho'means to bo tho'pilot to 'weather tho storth himself, ônp ofthëso.finpyolaya,, - What with his' iyepresenting;ïortsmouth and renting tho Duke; ? of-Marlborough's-tpwn houso,-he^soems:to think) fthi(t it' is' his dtity 'to' wearhis basque.with a' most belligerent cock for the rebuking of tho; tho ides of March, 1850, perhaps by December,! ' 185.8,/ which,would bp, ides undreamt of-, in tho! tides Napoléoniennes, uniess'a coup.d'almanack] bo~meditated by tho.; proprietor of, theí'slar/'í jTjtío ek-sècretary of' the'Palmbrstbn. Treasury ¡ continues to favour us with his reveries on the. Condition of things in France white there ôn !¿cüngJhe_.part_of.Palmerston's.,private com-' .missioner, for public purposes to bo revealed; .presently; and tho honourable gentleman ex-; î^iibif^STSandour ,în" s^öäkingTöütT ,whioh""clëârly; 'shows"- that, ho regards tho time as up in rosnoct Jto i tbe,_occupancy of tho Tuilleries ;1 that tho pre-; codent of tho lato Mr. William Smith (previous; Bourbon Junior) will nave > to, bo, folio wed ore] long; and that tho sooner wemake our arrange-] meat as to tho footing we mean- to stand1 upon in regard ;to tho incoming lessee of the* Paris playhouse'tho totter] ,, It is impossible to; over-ostimate{the. practical value of such specu-; lations coming from ¡ BO > -matter-of-fact an; authority ; oho that ought to bo quito an oracle on probabilities, seeing,' the attention),that he' .devotes to tho. main .chanco ;; and who should succeod Mr. Humo, tho great mesmeriser, in! his knowledge of animal magnetism, .consider- ing his prescient perception of tho way tho cat .i's going to jump long beforo pussy makes the! spring.- ? . ? j j,'-.;,; Taking-os his text the adage that gold may; be'bought too dear, ho proceeds- to show that thiè French Napoleon is by no'moans worth a ^British "'sovereign, ,,in any/ sqrt .of. exchange ; .?and that the ( balance . of trade is most 'Newdogatishly against us in any transactions conducted on such basis. Hero bo home truths :-" The alliance has beon imperfect ; tho , old traditional motions of the relations 'between tho two countrios, though dying out, aro far from dead, especially in France ; and these traditions aro those of rivalry rather than friendship. Nor aro wo by any moans cortain that tho Crimean war did much to promote a cordial and confiding attachment botwoon thoso who woro comrades in that deadly struggle. [It did tho very rovorso, and thoreforo woro similar causos set at work in China to produco tho samo results hereafter, as they will do pro ' aontly.] Oortain occurrences novor publicly stated, and to which wo, do , not wish moro particularly to allude (conscientious squeamish- ness !), left us in rathor a sore 3tato of mind nt tho rapacious and unscrupulous vanity of somo among our allies." Some among our allios. - Ambiguous ndivetô !. Was it tho diddled Sardinians ?-tho bullied and bam- boozled Turks ? No, but tho French, for tlioro woro nono othors ; and Pelissior won't forgot to romtnd us thoroof. As to certain occur-; ,roncos novor publicly stated," they woro statodJ Tho readers of this journal, at all ovonts, woro' >not loft in ignorance ; thov woro told tho truo! history,'and told thai tho French well know tho truo history, of tho Balaklava charge, when tho hairs in tho tail of Cardigan's horso wera soiling! at half-a-orown a piece, nnd Black Bottlb was j regarded by alderman and editors as the Murat) of tho Euxrao. Thoy woro told, long in ad- : vaneo, all that tho "Staff Officor" disclosed, and explained his innuondoos, and filled up his shortcomings, They who desired the tr uti might have learned it; but nobody, did, desiri it, any more than about the mutinies,'' nnd io tho samo reason, because truth would clasl with inclination. Tho finalaof ~the article; o: rather essay, for it is one, is this :-" Thougl chosen by that universal suffrage which th< French-have decided to. adopt -as- the basis o their polity, Louis Napoleon only represent! the numerical, and n6t the intellectual majority of- the-French-people all-tho eminent literarj men and all itho~ celebrated and experiences politicians are " opposed to", his, régime ; -thi classes which thus »stand, aloof comprise pre cisely those whoso opinions.on nearly all th< great questions'of civilization oré analogous tc our own. It becomes, then, a grave questior whether wo ought not to.have kept these facts more constantly in view, and to have regardée the alliance with him as one the significance and value of which,were to bo carefully mea sured by the degree in which it carried with il the consent and sympathy of the. permanently powerful elements of the French nation." ; Il this bo not. calculated to promote, cordiality it is .hard-to'.say what should.da so.;-'and in thc face of it, and. the face of tho other agreeable things disclosed in the Cagliari correspondence, tho friends . 'of " peace, retrenchment, and reform-' must sigh for tho 5 return of .the Oin cinnatus' of Broadlands* ? - . i o- ? In ' apparent despair of all rivalry- of such fortune-telling by auch a ' fortune-hunter,, the Buck's .Gipsy has seemingly abandoned bis typographic -prognostical -apparatus.."The oracle,is dumb, no voice or,hideous hum rings through tho arched roof in jvqrdsi deceiving ;' and his Saturday sheet is now indeed a blank, the last ghost of young England, haying appa- rently; left, off, gibbering and mowing in its columns, and the desertion : completing the quotation/ namely-" Apollo from his" shrine will, rio moro divine, with hollow shriek ,the steps of Delphos leaving.", ¡ Soi that, he who said that being a gentleman of -the> press was his,, only ^escutcheon, and ' who Lnas been ono of the fourth estate since long before he came to. mari's estate, is. now.wholly unrepre- sented therein and thereby,- being the first time probably since that original periodic venture of his spoken of hero last week, the Star Chamber. .The, copy of that once notorious and still some- times remembered publication then alluded to as,having been bought at tho into Lord Alvnn loy's sale, [a most curious collectiori¿ well worthy the. reputation of the owner!' as" a' îiomme d'esprit as well as homme de lettres, and such Pepper Arden was,] figured in tho catalogue with the word "suppressed" after it. No other indication was given as toits being anything out of the way, or that Disraeli ever had any thing to do with it. But that word .was enough, and all about it seemed. perfectly. weU known1 td 'those, in the room, among whom were several familiars of tho dead peer and the living commoner. The Star Chamber was tho smallest of the. small-sized high-priced periodicals of its high-priced day, being a few pages of large print for Od., in the shape of an octavo novel. As its name implies, it was of tho satirical, not to say scurrilous, perhaps, something much stronger might be said, genus then somewhat in vogue, a sort of lilliputian and diluted edition of the John Bull. This latter upheld Church and 'S tate in the way Lord Clarendon and Mr. Birch upheld " law and . ordor'-'-in- a sim ilar - prod uction, by pouring tho contents of the Newgate Caléndár on heads obnoxious to' these] pellucid .moralists. - The Star Chamber did not go so far as that, con- fining itself chiefly to the extravaganza style of treating literary arid political: matters,, with occasional excesses,.however,',! that!would,,have provoked the penal clauses of. Plain < Jock's ves t adzing enactment; for instance, the imaginary diary bf Lord Hurriphrey Davy, which/certainly would come .under, the' ' ban, of the' anti-Holly well-street ukase if it wore to be subjected to Bow-street supervision', now.'"* Were the' paper to be issued in these days, it would bo,doomed simply silly, and would dio.a natural doath far earlier , than it did, which was in its tenth nu al- bor, and that was the ninth beyond what its projector ' arid ' conductor would now consider worthy, of tho wildest of his very wild oat days. Ho is understood to have been excessively irate, phlegmatic as ? he is to all goads and taunts, in a general .way, by Cyrus Bedding's recont raking up of the parti- culars of this .unhappy and, undignified pedca dillo ; for it has nothing to justify it, and no- : thing to extenuate it, because, young as he was, not out of hts teens; ho was precocious enough to have produced a fiction distinguished beyond' any other of the day by, a vivid insight into, contemporary character ; for a similar publica- : ti on by a somewhat similar hand,-Bul wor's Pelham, yra.B qaito inferiör 'in thU'rbspect. , Sir Edward,' by "tho, way, isJ.abiput,,,to experience, another of his merited miseries, tho unfortu- nate mishap of his missing a seat in tho cabinet being ono of tho clements pf'tho torment pre- pared for him by tho bono bf hts bono and flesh of his flesh. In tho literary advertise- ments to- day, thero flames, in oxcrutiating cha- racters, tho dread name of Bosini, his bride, at tho tail of this cat-o'-nine-tail intimation of another throe volume of conjugat scandals, " with illustrations ?" namely, " The World and I Aw Wife, or a Person of Consequence ;-a Pho- tographic Novel. If the title and tho authorship loft us in any doubt as to tho drift of tho story, ¡tho motto selected [she is always happy in mottoes] from Colman's " Who Wants a Guinea," would bo a tolerable key--namely, " I know thora aro rascals, but tho world is good in tho lump, and I lovo all human kind. Kings, lords, commons, duchossoss, tallow chandlers, dairymaids, Indian chiefs, ambassa- dors, washerwoman, and tinkers, they have their claims upon my ? regard in different stations, and hang ma if I don't believe there are oven honest attorneys." Work for tho attorneys thero surely will bo if the publisher bo not powdor and shot proof against damages, for ono who was all but Chancellor ' of tho Duchy of Lancaster can't bo thus vilified with impunity. Roturning to the Star Chamber, ono ? of the' oarliost roforonoos is to tho prosont Comptroller of tho Stationary-office, and who is spoken of in this complimentary strain :-" That creature M'Gulloch and tho things of tho Political Economy Club aro tho dullest charlatans that ovor palmed fatuity ön a slumbering public ; they aro not tho causes, as somo think, only tho natural consequoncos of our prosont'un- natural stato. , Whon is merry England to bo freed from tho cursod embrace of prating sciolists? Wo must striko high,, not wreak our vongoanco on ari itiuorarit lecturer. Wo do not alludo to Mr. Robinson, [tho thon Chan- cellor of tho Exchoquor, now Lord Ripon, father of Lord Goderich,] who is tho rndst good natured man that ovor presumed to bo ! ambi- tious. Far be it from UB to withhold from him tho boon of our contemptuous lenity. Lot him rasign and bo forgotten." So ho did, and so he was suro enough ; but not till aftor ho had pro sumed to become more ambitious, and was tually Premier of England ; an elevation whi rather, precipitated than retarded ' bis des« into utter or unutterable oblivion ; for who n knows ^ there is a Peer beside - Aberdeen ' w was once First Lord of tho Treasury, and v¡ actually singled out as successor to Cannin .We have also " contemptuous lenity" shower on the then first work of a personage who now being somewhat:resuscitated-from long f< .getfulness,- Lord-Normanby, of whose Matil it is said :-" There is no. particular harm in It-is just the sort of thing any young man fashion and avoráge acquirement' would ba written on a. spring morning after lunchec [it is' a 8 vol. novel, remember,]'and which ne season he would be particularly ashamed of, h shame, however, being perfectly uhnecssary, tl little sin being utterly forgotten by every one except his bookseller." Thus, early, also we a treated to some specimens of that ironical gi vity afterwards so fully developed in Popanili and which, to this hour, so bewilders the Pa ingtons, Walpoles, and' the rest, not except ii Derby himself, as to what on earth, pr und the earth, '" the 'gentleman1 ol eastern .origic as.poor perplexed Henley called>his. Gaucasit colleague, can "be driving at; for, in the mid of some.literary notices, in a serious venoü{ strain, there occurs this announcement :-" V understand that the acccount of .Lord Byrot voyage to the Sandwich Islands, about to 1 published by Murray, is, full ol interesting ar curious particulars, and. will be.- illustrated I some singular plates. The dogger by whit Captain Cook was slain has been brought ove as well as many relics of the great navigator This. was in the . very height of. the Byro mania, the year of his death ; and Murray wi a mighty personage with Disraeli, whom he soc after made editor of his daily morning pape of disastrous memory, and about the last ma to be a quiescent target of such shafts asthes But then the author would vow there was r point of raillery in them ; and that all wt serious. , Another early and continuous butt < our archer is Lord>Johni Russell, who is d scribed as having most unsuccessfully oanvasse Huntingdonshire, his failureT/being- attribute to the belief throughout the country that he ha turned Catholic. Elsewhere reference is mad to his lordship's Don Carlos, described as " th feeblest ? production of tho present daj though, perhaps, we might quote, as a exception to this remark, the Nun of Anouci a prp3e tale by the same, author ;" and he i advised, if he .." will amuse himself by scril bling, to stick to the compilation of pot octavo memoirs"-an injunction ho has cei tainly-most pertinaciously fulfilled ;-for ho ha been ,prpducirig/Fpx Papers sufficient, to.ovei flow tho 'lumber- rooms of tho Victoria Tb we with neyer-to-be-read' revorios about Charlé James. Respecting the " Nun," tho revival á tlio memory of that equivocal religieuse durin tho Papal Aggression agitation was considère* a splendid coup against the'author of the Dui ham Letter, and was attributed to tho pleasan malice of Augustus Stafford and Cahterbur; Smythe, (Lord Strangford,) who had th" keenest scent-after all do ologicol indiscretion of this kind, and hunted up-tho little responsi bilitiés /with tho ardour of. a brace of Bumble: .chasing down a prematurely paternal appren tice. - The exposures made in the daily journa which then rejoiced in the Peelite staff nOvs chiefly quartered on a well-known weekly prin that denounces everyone, and is by every on« denounced, though feared, admired; anc respected, nevertheless,,poor Lord John com ing in to-day ; for, a most destructive flagellatior becauso of his luckless letter to Church warder Westerton.; 1 ' . ;.. - . ' .'_ $pjeaking..of.some.of .thb.Canningito scheme! for relief of. national distress, and. the. appro hension of Ministers that they would have " tc act' on their own! responsibility,"^ 'DiSraol: makes use pf these words,-which sound asïbn ishing, indeed, considering the sort oi talk Derby and himself treated us to last Mon day, ot thoMansion House,when begging foi popular assis tapoo to drag themselves .anc their Indian boggling out -of .< the mire namely:-"Responsibility again) Time was when a Minister of England courted with c bold front this bugbear responsibility ; but oui governors-of to-day -start at the, word responsi bility as timid door at'sound of bugle , blast ; and will extenuate their 'blunders, and- find authorities for their misgovernment by quoting tho opinions pf their antagonists, rJbisraeli'E case exactly.with Palmerston,] or tho interested theories of political adventurers." Et tu Brute J The author of Vivian Grey and member foi Bucks lampooning,, political adventurers ! After that comes a pig to be shaved. As to the said Vivian, what is said about il is tho really piquant portion of tho Star Cham- ber. After a"varioty.ot allusions, in a variety bl numbers, _> to tho work, and its -presumed authorship, (attributed to -numerous pens, but the real ono loft wholly unmentioned,) we are presented with this master-piece of tho puffery of tho then .dominant Colburn school of the coarse arts, namely :--"And -now for the mys- teries ! AL noble and accomplished lady, whoso name, if wo wore permitted, wo should feel pride in recording, has sent us an interleaved copy -of the work, full of MS. notes. From these wo; hove drawn up a paper which;we have styled a Key. There is not a name in tho whole work which has not, its real prototype affixed to it in our interleaved copy ; but some wo aro not allowed to montion. Ohe, in particular, . oven if wo wore permitted,, we should declino publishing ; nor can wo admire the spirit in which tho author has celebrated, in tho pages of a novel, tho sorrows or tho crimes of any living female Ho will most probably defend hirasolf by assorting that the character is ideal ; but this very circumstance aggravates tho ovil.. Whon truth is mixed up with falsehood, all is boliovod to bo genuine." Assuredly *' tho . child is fnthor to tho. man." When wo find that this is written by tho author of tho work himsolf, who, in tho samo periodi- cal, donies that tho author was young, was un known to famo, but not literary famo, &o.;, &c; when wo find him keeping up all this quackery and untriith, not in the manner. that Scott and other authors havo sought to avoid boing iden- tified with particular porformancos, but in an ontirely different way, and for à far different purposo; when wo find all this said and dono in 1825, by a parson than under twenty, our astonishment is at least diminished on finding the samo person in 1858, throb and thirty .years afterwards, adopt and avow tho samo morality, as a Minister of tho Crown; and declare, in his capacity as loader of tho Houso of Gommons', that a public man should rogulato his princi- ples solely according to his relationship. to office. Doubtless it may be said that his morals aro suited to the ago and ¡tho country, and that a personage bf his antecedents ¡ cannot bo ¡ex- pected to-be moro particular than the bends,of a nation with a bench of bishops,' Exútor-hall, Spurgeon, Traviata, Olanrlcarde, and similar sacred institutions. True ; there ts po getting over that; and, therefore, . the.rational course - to. - pursue is to'^subscribe largely to funds for converting tho. Feejec cannibals to a taste for theology ind "caull flowers;'and to rejoice when our monthly Board of Trade returns show a brisk condition of ex- ports, under-the-bead-of-"-raetals," principally occasioned by shipments of copper images foi the use'of Burmese idolaters, and muskets foi .the homicide of Britons by Kaffirs-who ^will pay the market price of those civilizing con- trivances. . ... ; As to the '' Key," it would be late in the* day nb'wto apply it to the; unlocking, of characters) many of whom are dead, and many moro for- gotten, though ; some, few ; yet linger on the scene. "Liberal Sneak " is Mcculloch ; " Lord Prima Donna'" Lord William Lennox, who had then recently married Miss Paton, Mrs., Wood; Foaming Fudge is Brougham ;. as " Charlatan Gas" was Canning; ," Vivida Vis," the Rigby of a later period, Croker ; as the " Marquis of Grandgout" [Hertford] became Duke of Mon- mouth ; and, as ." Stanislaus Hoax " [Hook] Lucian Gay ; the Marquis of Carabas was Lord Cambden ; -but who.the hero himself, Vivian, is not mentioned;; the omission is in itself a key! to ...tho, mystery, or. at 'least .should have been so, and probably soon BO became ere tho murder, was out, and Disraeli the younger pro- claimed himself the Coming Man, and tho mari who had come.... ;..?.-:'...- ? . ; y " There are a good many dramatic scenes, ono at Howell and James's, " the easiest,,and . plea? santest place in Christendom to spenden in- come in,", ai ooo , of -thé, 'characters says, while being waited upon by the " first commissioner of tho haberdashery department," . and Jlhe " firstr "'commissioner' "?' pf. the" jewellery f arid perfumery department." ' Tho year . 1825 being the grand stag saturnalia, of course, many of the bubble eqmpany_directors ;came in Jor porcupinish prickings.- It is rather curious) however, to1 read now of Matthias Attwood being gibbeted ns something like a swindler for lending himself to such monstrpusischeiries as the London and Birmingham Railway Com- pany, the Pelican ' Insurance; tho "General Steam, the Russian Company, the . Rock Life", and others among the very first in tho king- dom. There aro but few references in' the work to foreign politics, but one against Greece is too remarkable to be passed over àt a time when the liberties of nations , may be affected by the writer, most materially, namely, "And why should all this revolution take placo for one, nation ? The tide of power has ever since the beginning of the world flowed from the east to the wost,' arid has always left behind it tho wrecks of great states. As well might wo restore Babylon, Palmyra, Tyre, - Jerusalem, Memphis, with its hundred gates,,; Carthage, and, lastly, Bomb, whose dependent-subjection is almost more , loathsome than the hopeless ruin, and even total disappearance of some' bf these cities! Power lias within our recollection extended to lands still farther west than Britain. In such movements the hand bf Providence; is clearly visible, and who shall withstand it ?, The- idle talk about Greece being tho mistress of the arts, and the fountain of learning, is now passed by. It sounds well in a poem, but suits not tho moasured style of-a diplomatist. If such were really!; an;a'rgument,' what should we say bf à nation, whose ribbl'es'disdairi'tb! speak their pwn.language, whose roads,, as well as their palaces,1 are. constructed. with wood, and who have within these ¡few, years madp the itriportant and- joyful discovery that they actu- ally 'dp'possess^ one' native .poet!. ; As well might' we invoke ! tho ! assistance of tho Fella ta^'s of; -jNubia,- or ; the : black ; .^pearmon pf h is Majesty;, o^Bbrijpu,'tp" drive t!the¿wáñderin*g Arab ¡from the.'ruins of Memphis, and restore with all its pristine splendour the royal race of Cheops"!','" Very^iffererit"this"" tb tho" .Revo- lutionary Epic from which some journalists hero; are 'now .quoting .to ~ provo that Mr. Disraeli, once advocated tyrannicide. It would be difficult to prove what ho has not advocated, and harder still to prove of what value his ad- vocacy has been to any but Number Qnp. A M tniDB OE n's BODY ON TUE QIDDET.-Tn tho long narrow perspective of thia valley, an indistinct objeot, elevated over the maze of brushwood, looking like something of man's handiwork, came now in view. It looked like a cross af unumial boight, but, on the whole, 'of o stringe appearance. As we oarae nearer, some- thing like a body seemed aUaohid to the oross; wo spurred our horses, arid in reality it proved to be a hu- man body. It was an objeot quite in harmony with the scenery. On high, the half-nnked form of a man, tied firmly by tho neok to a beam, hung suspended. The skin waa that of a brown man, now glassy and trans- parent, like parobment; the face hung down, hiddqn by a shook of black hair, coarse and bristly. A mouldy paper was attaobed to the foot of the beam, on whiah a few ' half-effaced, words spoko of justioe having over- taken the misdoer, guilty of many murders committed on the Bpot. ' This horrible objeot ozoited no wonder in as at the time ; ic seemed so in aocordanoo with the place, to oomo upon. tho footsteps of tho demon that haunted it,; and bf whioh we now contemplated its ghastly larva. No signs of corruption wero perceptible. Was this owing.to previous preparation, or the peculiar quality ' of the atmosphere, at Borne distance from the «round? But, strangest of all, no vulture had come to tho frost'; their ever-ready beaks bad spared this Bolitary monumont of Mexican ju-tico; or had even they .fuit a lnnthing at the poisonous flo'h of tho murderer 1-Mitta : Travels in Mexico and Guatemala. By Von Tempksy. , \- 'DON'T MAKE yoon OWN Wiri,.-I am somewhat un willing to give you any instructions for making your will without the assistants of your profoBBional advisor ; and I would particularly warn you against the use of printed forms, which have misled rn any mon. They aro as dan goroas as tho country schoolmaster or tho vestry, clerk. It is quito shocking to r'cfleot upon tho litigation which has bean occasioned by mon making their own wilts "br employing incompetent persona to do so. To save a few guineas in their lifetime, men leave behind.them a will whiuhit may cost hundreds of pounds to have expoun- ded by tho Courts buforo tho various olaimants will de- sist from litigation. Looking at this as a Bimple money transaction, lawyers might woll ba in despair if every man't) will wero preparad by a cumpetont porson. .To put off making your will until tho baud of.doath is upon you, ovincoB oither cowardiaaor a shamoful nogleot. of your tomporal ooncerns. Lost, howevor, snob, a moment should ortivo, I must arm you in Bomo moasurn against it. If you wish to tia up your property in your family, you really must not rnako your, own will, lt were bettor to dio without o will, than to moko one whiah will only wasto your ostato ;in litigation to disoover/t .its moaning.. Tho wolds " ohildren," " Issue," " heirs " of thu body," or " hoirs," sometimes oporato .to give tho par ont tho entire disposition of tho 0Btnter although the tostator did not mean any BUoh thing. They aro Ruldom used by a man who makes hts own will without leading to a law-suit. And now an operation has boen given to like words by tho now statute, whioh I could not oxploin to you without you .poBaesBOd moro knowledgo of law than I givo you credit for. It wero useloss. for moto attempt to show you how to moko a striot settlement of your property, and theroforo I will not try. I oould, without di ffloul ty, run over tho names'of many judges and lawyers of note, whoso wills mado by themselves havo boon sot naide, or conatruod so as to dafoat every intention whioh they over had. I» is' not ovon a pro found knowledge of law whioh will oapneitalo a man to rnnko his own will, nnloss ho bas bonn in tho habit of making tho wills of others. Besides, notwithstanding that feos aro purely honorary, yot it ts almost proverbial that a lawyor'nuvor docs nnything well for whioh ho is not fao'd. Lord Mansfield told a story of himself, that fooling this influence, hfl onoe, wltf n about toottcmd.'«¡8 some professional business Of, his' own,' took soVoral nuinnafl out of Iii« nurso and put them into his waist. I oont voohot, ns a foo for bis labour. -Lord Sí. Leonora'» ' Hanay Booh, 