"PITY THE MISERIES OF A NERVOUS MAN." Fam'd Robinson Crusoe, or Alex. Selkirk, What privileged men were they; In their island homes they could play or wWork, No wife or children's frown or smirk, Disturb'd their serenity. No busy neighbour nor anxious friend, Their ailments tried to cure; If sick, they could take their own plans to mend, They'd no one to tease them, to bring or to send Them all sorts of remedies sure. They could choose their own time, their own diet and room, Where to breakfast, to dine, or to sup; Could go out when they chose, when they chose stay at home, They dreaded no scrubbing-brush, bucket, or broom, When they pleas'd they their cabins clean'd up. They could dress as they chose, and if it were hot, In Adam's original style; 'Neath the shade of a tree they could quietly squat, Or roam where they fancied, and not care a jot, For the wild monkeys' chatter or smile. Yet these silly old men, their biographers say, With their freedom were not content; They were grumbling and fretting, and day after day, Were sighing and longing to hasten away, Though I cannot believe it was meant. But if it is true, they were noodles indeed, 'Midst Nature's wild sweets thus to mourn, And deserve to be kept in this room in my stead, While my children are practising scales overhead, And my neighbour blows blasts on his horn.* Oh, good lack! how they'd grumble and groan at the change! How this music their thick heads would bother! Soon they'd cry, Oh, that we from the world were estrang'd, For this noise in enough to drive Chizlett derang'd, Or a quaker to kick his old mother! Oh did I but know of some little green isle In the midst of the ocean alone ! \----- * My next door neighbour is learning to play solos on a Trombone, and his cats play nightly on the tiles. I'd pack up and hasten away with a smile, And ramble about in the primitive style, Till my carcase with healthfulness shone. I'm seldom in peace, though for quiet I pine-- I have friends dropping in all day long; Just to rally me up one invites me to dine: He says I want change and a good whack of wine, And he'll warrant I'll soon be quite strong. Of all the disorders to which man is heir, This dread nervous weakness is worst; Not the body alone, but the mind 'twill impair: 'Twill make one as surly and cross as a bear, And think he is specially curs'd. Collect gout and lumbago and tic doloreux, Blind boils, burning blisters, and bile, Consumption, cramp, colic, and cholera blue: Unite all the lot, and add polypus too, And I'd make the exchange with a smile. Just think if while strolling your mind to amuse You met a grim ghost,--how you'd stare! You'd shiver and shake in your boots or your shoes, The teeth from your jaws very nearly you'd lose: I feel thus at each noise that I hear. And because I'm not dead or not roaring with pain, No sympathy falls to my share; But I'm pester'd with cures till I'm almost insane. Says one, rise at daylight and walk the Domain, All you want is the fresh, bracing air. Says another, a shower bath morning and eve You must take, and then drink your pump dry. Says another, Hom'opathy I do believe, Is the treatment alone your disease will relieve: Now let me advise you to try. Eat no animal food, says another wise head, But live upon cabbage alone. I'd advise just a grill'd mutton chop and some bread, Says another, and always go early to bed, For you quite to a shadow have grown. The doctor grinn'd ghastly and said he could cure, Although I was almost a wreck; Of his infamous draughts only fit for the sewer, And horrible powders and pills I am sure, I took very nearly a peck. With quinine and steel drops and iodine too, My poor groaning body was bound; Till I felt such sharp qualms, and such prickings as tho' I'd a whole cutler's shop in my regions below, And a grindstone was fast turning round. Ugh! no more of such rubbish shall enter my skin, While my tongue can its office fulfil; Pray forgive if I'm rude, my dear friends and my kin; Keep your physic--my ailments I'll bear with a grin, Cats and rats you are welcome to kill. I have lived in my skin more than thirty-six years, And a very sound skin it has been; Is it kind now to stuff it with doctors' affairs, And diet not fit to be thrown to the bears, To please every friend that drops in? My own carcase belongs to myself, I presume; With my own let me do as I please; All I ask is possession of my little room; Keep away with your dusters, your suds, and your broom, And let me have quiet and peace. In conclusion, dear friends, prithee don't take this ill, Nor think all your kindness I slight; I'm aware that you all for my misery feel, But the best way to prove it--is, let me be still, And an ode to your sense I will write. Sydney. AQUA. 