Local Intelligence. YASS MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. THE MYTHOLOGY & TRADITIONS OF THE NEW ZEALANDERS. YESTERDAY evening, at eight o'clock, an interesting lecture on the above subject was delivered by the Rev. Mr. Creed in the Court-house, here, to the members of the A ass Mechanic Institute and others. The attendance was numerous and respectable, including several of I lie neighbouring gently. The President of the institute (G. C. All ium!, Esq ,) occupied the chair, an 1 in a few appropriate remarks introduced I 'like Rev. Mr. Cive-I. Tho rev. lecturer \- then came f -rw.inl, and was received with the in- st marked appi'-il-aii -n. lie briefly : stated that he had divided his lecture i under several headings, so as to render it in .-re e inieeied, and -proceeded — | .'As'/i-Jo /_-/ — The mythology of the Now j 7'.. mi redoes is a subject enveloped in nr.ieti , ii'i.-.cnn:y, mid sin ro-.mded wilh gr -at per- : plexity ; it being. in many r aspects, so -I- verse from the philosophical arrangements : of other nations. This obseiirity is greatly ; increased hv tlie entire absence of written i records ; their traditions being orally haoii-d | down from on; generation to another, it e nniet, however, he dou t,--l. that their e'l-r-diip mid nbs.-i v-iin.-cs arose IVom an organised system of a very early nge C-f the- j world. 1 have investigated, in vein, (he antiquities of the Eastern and Northern nations for some data hy winch the religion of tlie New 7. -nk-uhers might ho illustrated. In common v. ; tit all nations they paid great homage to Heaven and Mirth as fruitful sources of blessings to mankind. While tho CroeUs.-the-Roauias, anil other nations gave 7!iiui7e"lToihiiirsrTd fife sun. the moon, and stars, ih.s Maories regarded Heaven, or tho firmament, as a great (toil, whom they styled . Rm-.gi. and acknowledged him as tile father of numerous other gods whom they wor shipped. Tile Earth. 1'apn or t'apatii.uiui.u. literally the plane of Nnkii, was one of Ran ;i's guild. :ssos, who seems to have sus tain al the same eh iraoter as Frigg.i of the kVare.liu.ivhm.-. or lK-i'tlai of tin; (..'ermniis, and A-tarte of the (ireeian -nations. They had mmiy other gods and goddesses whom thi-y revered or dreaded according to tlie attributes or passions severally ascribed to them. The rainbow was n favourite god, am! called forth their devotions, liis names were vari ais : in tins south lie was woinliip- | ped us Kahnkura and Koiigonuintmi ; in other | parts of the islands lie bore tlie names of ' il.-iiiiku and Aniwmiiwa. tie was the god of travellers and protected lluni in their j-iiiraeys ;.a-id gave intelligence to friends : that tlie traveller wouid shortly reach them in safety. Tane, the god of the Tapu, was held i.i great esteem ; they invoked liiui when til.: laws of tin; gods had he -n trans gressed. Rebus also, ami Maim, and Waiuui. and a number more gods of the celestial world reeeived their adoration; amongst wham must not he forgotten Tnwhuki, (lie god of launder and lightning: and Tu. tlie nod of War.'to ' whom thev made sacrifices, ami invoked for suecc is in their warlike ex peditions. Then Micro were tho gods and goddesses of darkness, death, and hell. Wiro, Atn.apiko T.-iwaitiri. 'i'uk unnmipi i, Itiiio- nuiatapu Hi.ietep >. 1 Iineru.ikiinoa, ami many others, were objects of terror mid they were called Atua, Kaihingata. Moil- eaters, gods who destroyed men. I.'ruei. tie: gad of earthquakes. To these must ke added the sea go.l.s, Tangaiaia, Te ICnnihi who produced tlie tides, Maugoikiiroa, Tatiiwa, and many others ; these gods caused the commotions in tlie sea, lakes, and rivers, upsetting their canoe-, draggal their victims under water and devoured them. But of all beings, visible or invisible, none excited the fears of the M. mries or caused such dread alarm us tire spirits or ghosts of their deceased infants. These instigated hy Mie gods if hell came hack to earth as Atna-Mkukik", or iuepo, lit;ru!!.v night comers. No place was secure from the presence of these spirits, who came, on the tops of their houses or alighted on the trees, made a whittling noise like the crying of the wind. The Tuvpo sought -opportuni ties to enter the ho. lies of their friends and relations to eat their life away. Every kiijd of afilietiou ami disease was initiated by these ghosts. When a person was taken with pain in any part of tire body, lamentations in- stantly resounded through their dwellings, the 'J.upn had seised liiin. A t' the .early period ef the European settlements, - how frequently have we witnesied these seem:-. You asked the question "How is your <:ti:t«l?" the answer was instantly given "_Oh, lie will die, the Taepn has got liol.l of liiin and will eat his life away." "'Taepn kaihni." 'I hi", is the reason the Maories were al'.r.id tn he uhm e, or tu go out of their houses in tlie night. Fear of these T.u-po was uuiver- s.iiiv felt ail ovar the islands, hy every tribe and hy all elapses of tin people ; it was a spell over til New Zeal nnler. Ami even now many of them cannot divest themselves of their for: i r livea-.t of tho 'i'm-p From this cause also arose tlie power of the veu- t:'i!ri-;iii-.l. wh--, bv liis in t. made the people lieik.-ve the! tin: Ta.-pn or Atua li.itl thenar.;. I him with a vidt. There is now i;i the Dis trict of Huki.mga a celebrated chief ealle-t Rapahurihia or Atunwern, who is a clever ventriloquist. He often scabs himself am img.d hi-' pa -ple and conim -noes liis art, causing his whistling or speaking to appeal- as tliniig!- from the air above his Ionise. 'The 'J'aepo has come, and of course he in terpret; what tin-, soil it says to them, (h.mernii v it is to obtain sonic "property, pcr- Inqii a hor.se or soma 'cattle, or desirable clothing which any of his people may pos sess. .instantly Mio articles are given, and ii v these means the old imin litis obtained can J-hrai-io property. Allow nie lor a liniment to make a little digression. Many of you may remember the conflict of the Europeans and natives with John Hekr near tin: Bay of Islands. Captain Grant was shot near tin- I hi Ruapi-kapeka, when his body was obtained, the Europeans were hor rified in finding he had been mutilated, and a portion of liis flesh removed; some of them condemned the natives lbr cannibalism, and said tin-y had eaten a portion of liis body. Such, however, was not the ease. A native from the liokianga district in formed me that tlie flesh was .taken to 1'upa- hurihia to he presented- as a .sacrifice or olfer- ing to tlie Maori -.rods, that the old chief might thereby ensure their conquest over tlie Europeans. /'aik-./i-j.-i nj III,! 1,/i/riw. — j lie traditions of the Maories respecting the origin of nil things are very peculiar ; and it is almost impiwsihle to give a clear and succinct view of their theory. Indeed it appears that Inv- ing forgotten (foil, tin- Great Cbeator of all things, they were ieli to account for the pro duction of visible o'.j-ets the same as we shim!.! account for a house wit, 'rout a builder: hence they hud recourse toproduetiveeuuses, and no part of their system ape, ears sur rounded with so much incongruity as its ve-y beginning. Tlu-v did not ascribe eter nity to' any visible- object : and tlie more L investigate their opinions the. more 1 am in clined to think that their views were formed partly from traditions of the creation, and partly from tho systems of ancient philoso phers. 1 nth confirmed in this conclusion by the order assigned to diiferent parts of the universe. It must he remembered that they d'ul not nbuit creation in its proper import. All things, -n- according to their own ideas, all being-, were produced by generation — the IIeav ms, the earth, the lower regions, with nil their iiiiilunerahie multitudes. The tiist producing eouse assigned in their my thology is I'd, or l.'intr.i. 'The natives repre- seiitml'Chaos as closed, or shut up: a period at length arrived when, after hundreds and thousands of evolutions. Chaos expanded, ati.l opening, Te An. or Light, was produced, followed hy A ot u ma and Aoimroirama, con tinued lo-ig bright light, lteaeti-.ui then seems to have taken place, for after myriads of evolutions, tin: Kures, nothingness, stic- ihiecil. This view of Maiigu, blackness, arUkij f.o'.n ibe eoitvi,l-ions of Chaos may _ _ ' remind us of tlie theory of the Pltte- nicians, who held tint the 'first principles of the universe were a turbid chaos nnd a dark spiritual air, or a spiTirordnrlrnir. — -M-aivgii— blackness, uniting- with Mahoranuiatoa, the vast expanse, tlie firmament or Heaven was produced — whom the natives call Raigi. Such is tlie mystified theory of the origi 11 of the universe by the New Xoalniuleis. M'lien mail forsakes the knowledge of God, anil thrusts the Creator out of iiis own world, how dark and confused are his ideas; and how much ahsuiilkv fills the mind of the wisest amongst the he' tben. Admit the record of ireiipture and h-ov plain, how full ut" simple grandeur is tin- crcithn of nil thin cs. >-'ol spake, and it was d-me : lie said let there lie light, and then: was 77\. e (ItncfuO'm -./ //.< 1! fj J/cm-n. — Till! first i:i or.h-r of Rangi'x go blesses was I'nkoiiaruatepn. convulsions of chaos: their nll'spring was tho I lauuhirangi, the great breath of Heaven, from wleun sprung nil the winds of Heaven. - 'The first horn was Tawi- ri.ua ea, the strung north-west wind. From Tawiiinnite a sprang Tin, north-noitii-west wind, who liege, t I invitap.qa-ata ; from whom sprang lliucituwhcuna. Tho last t.vo are feuale west win, Is « liii-h. blowing s iftly, quiet the lioister-e.n winds and tit-: sea. Tin: of, 'spring of Ilineituwinaiua was liakou,itipu.»froni wiiom sptang tin: l'uaita- ln. tlie strong south nnd south-west 'gules . His ofi'snring was Tuuiairoago; from whom sprniigTeop-roarangi : from liim. Rarutongn. the far smith, ivho produced the Kohu, mist ro! fog.; . whieli -Was foilowad hy Earue, the father of Miropn, whoso offspring. I'unnio- tonga, the great guns of the south, produced Rnkamnomno. the father of Auhiowhio, the whirlwind ; liis offsprLig. . I'limnrokai. begat Okoo'.rorau, the lhthorof V.'av.-ahLvare, house destroyer, who made his appear. u:e - at the Rai alaukarerc-ouiatiteraiigi, at Vhikamn, Hiikahuhal.'rangi, where were Mnngnkiu- walio and Ap.-ainkiihira, tin- father of' Taput'ipuaten and M ilierotakiti rnngi. The .last two were great Ion!:', of Itangi. Tawiri- niaf'-a ami Tin also were great in authority over tin: ot.h -r wi.nls of Heaven. Thou- are many other winds vliieh are not enumerated in tin: genealogy— such as the Manru, tlie Ta, the Yfakini:, nnrlh-ca.-t wind, the Marangai; lint tin: abovonientioneJ are tin; principal winds, it is a very common prac tice of tlie Mamiei, when tlie wind is blow ing, to designate it by its proper title and office. When the gales of tliu south sweep along tho coast, tiny will exclaim, the great guns of tlie south aru blowing; or when any jaiwcrful winil,.;t-iil's up the trees by their roots and unroofs their houses, it is W'aiva- hi ware, or tlie home destroyer, at liis work. Tin: Maories seldom mentioned the names of the winds in their vorship. except in times of danger, when Iroirieaiies swept ih-ircuaats. The (JeneratEu if t!n Eril N>ro The second generation ii' Rnngi and I'okohurua- tepn was tin: multitude of the Taint. Amongst ttii-uAvere Rati, Yi'orohia, Whukniria, 'Iokaimaiki, Tirotiapnehlm. Taliuntn, Ta int ron, K.'irangnat ill :a, Ikai'imu, Wliakatu- ilprmiu. Tabu, Kukiri, Kopunui. Immedi ately conneeti'd vith these are the hosts of tin- Ann and Tao. Eangi begat Katnauki- wuiia, who begat the l'arinni. the father of l'ltrimate, whose offspring, Moewalm, begat Anumatan ; from .vlnaa sprang tlie Anuwha- knn.-re, who h-'git tiie Auuwhakntnro. the father of the Animate, tlie source of death. To these also must lie added many of tlie de formed gr.iii-rat'ron of liaugi. 'These wicked spirits we:e lii.sihedieot to Raagi ; tiiev | would not obey his commands, hut pcrsistrd in evil, and were ultimately doomed hy liiin to tlie infernal regions. Itangi commis sioned Tane to execute liis purpose and drive these rebellious legions from the ce lestial worlds to the lieils whieli lie had pre pared for thein. Iff nr.' it's i.on'i-i n-'th Rii/iatnimth- the Earth. I'i -Ir ii r.'t'r i s nr., /-11--/, Rflri-t. T a\f. 1'tiia. — Of all the unions which subsisted amongst tlie gods and goddesses of the Maori my thology. none was fraught wilh so much interest to mankind as that of Heaven and Earth. Tln.-i first oTspring was Rt.-hua. whose appearance when brought forth was like lightning; from him sprang Taiiinitco- kotahi, A'C. A Ihh -so were spiritual essences who, with the hosts of lteliua, inhabited tlie celestial worlds, ant app-r.ri.d not in these t -rre-ti ial regions. The sister of lteliua was Haitian. Tin: iroxt od'.q-rim: of Heaven am! Knrth, — and inrue-.fiateiy associated with Reh'.m was Tane. the great arti'ie-r; then fid'owed l'aia, V.'ehinuia naomao. and others. After Itangi s sore c- n hcfwuli 1 angaroa, li.v I whom ho was seve .!;,' wounded, lie begat, j tin: gi-u 'rations of tlie deformed, whoso ! names iadiea'c their iai'-iintity. Pome of j the pt-rso-inge.s of this genenlo-ry will le: j found o-jcupving very prominent, positions in! the succeeding pages on tiro heathen worship iil'lll-.- X :w /.calenders. I Other (t'eifriilfims I'-inji. — Rangi's union with ilcksdicltcipnpn was productive of some great deities. Taniaiwaiin, tin: first bora, occupied tin: highest region in the celestial win Ins. 'Then fuilowi.il Taamrautu. Tnrn.n- nuiaratigi, and others. Pome of the de scendants of Tairtniiuiarairai inhabited the teii" st rial world and mingled with tin: chil dren of men. Am. ti'.er .!' R.uigi's goddesses was llotupapa. -A row of tin: de-";-ii,! to!.-', of this g m rnH vi also united themselves with mankind. It would bo it a-lrss even to at- tcaq-t an investigation of the ctigin of these lengthened genealogies, or to dwell upon their utility.' 'They fiirni.-; cd the priests with suhj ats of disviis con, and enabled them to appear skill, d in the wisdom and learning oftlieir gods. 'Tin: populace rev. red and more readily submitted to their instruc tions. In all my intercourse with tin; Maories 1 have fonnd "them particularly desirous of obtaining the names and genealogies of per sons casually mentioned in treripture history. And il seems t-> have been an object of great importance with them to trace -the connec tion of any personage with the great pro- senitor Kangi. At first 1 felt inclined to omit the greater part ot tn-: name.-,, .-mil 1:1- s.-rt only those v.lio figured on tiie thattre of I'ldytheism ; bit t on consideration was in— dmvil to place tlii-m on record, as rehearsed hv tin: Maories themselves: who received aiui treasured them tip in their memories as or infinite value to tliuni. The priests ami learned philosophers retained the full gene alogies. 'Files common people were familiar only with tlie great names, such as the l'o, the' A i), Itangi, lteliua, Time, Raia, Maui, ltrnigoniiiatau, Kalnikiira, and some others of lesser importance in their estimation. Tin- remaining ) rti m of Mr. Creed's lecture treated of the deluge, Maui, T.iwim- ki. and the universe — a view of the celes tial, 'terrestrial, and infernal worlds. A\'e shall complete tin- rep rt of tlie lecture in our next issue. 1 Tlie rev. gentleman was frequently applauded during the delivery of the lecture. .Mr. Jtis. Wo el proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Creed for liis able and interesting lecture, expressing a hope that it was ouiy the first of a course to Le delivered by (lie lev. gentleman. Th motion was carried hy acclamation : and the President conveyed the thanks of the audience to Mr. Creed. Mr. Creed in acknowledging the e tnpli- inent, stated that it was very probable that in about three weeks time he would he able still further to make them acquainted with the manners and customs of the New Zen- inudcrs, by means of another lecture. (L fl»l appiause.) The proceedings terminated about half- past nine o'clock. Tin: B.u.nrATTtn AuonioiXAi.s.— Tlie fact of the existence of these curious denizens in tin: far interior is now no longer to lie huibtcd. A Mr Roberts, who lias lately boon kuiy.cying_statii.iiis in that quarterr-itml who has recently arrived from thane states that in the course ofliis jounn-yings lie came across an aboriginal, his gi.-i, aa-l f air picca ninnies, ail of whom had no hair on their heads. He -is of opinion that tin; is tiie eil'ect of some disease. lie heard nothing of the prodigious lumps el gold. — Eu:t!ii:iJ Mercury. DARING ROBBERY OF THE MAIL FROM YASS TO GOULBURN AND SYDNEY. On last Thursday morning, no small degree of excitement was occasioned in tmvn by tlie receipt of intelligence Hint tlie mail' which had left Ynss for Goiilbiirn on the previous Tues day morning had been, to use an expressive colonial phni«e, "stuck tip,-' and tlie passen gers robbed to a consideranle extent. Wo arc indebted to one of the passengers for the fol lowing parlienlnrs of tlie dating robbery: — Tin: mail left Yass at tlie usual hour on Tu. »s day inoniiiig, having five male passengers, and proceeded on its way us on former days, mil il when wiiliiu about ten miles of Gotil- Imrti, near Bell Bui Iter's, whieli place it reached about seven o'clock p ill. At this time a severe storm was gathering. Hie night was pitch dark, and no lamps being attached to (lie vehicle, lli» progress made was not verp rapid. At the spot stated, two men sud denly rushed from among tin- tre--s, one of whom, armed with a gun, .'eized and stopped the horses, threatening to lake Hie lives of He- passengers ir tlSqv filtered any resistance, lie then p'as«cd theVfui to liis companion, who seemed the most timid of Hie two. and whom life lie also threatened to destroy if lie tinued «o chicken-hearted, and failed lo shoot the first h Hint moved. Tin- leader then pulled n revolver IVoin liis breast, nnd pirat ing it ut. Mr. J. Elwortliy, of ttoullmni, « ho oven pied a seat on I liu Irox, onli-ieil Inm to descend to lie -etti'cheil. Mr. hlworlhy failing In yield immcdi-nie obedience' to the com mand, Hie rufiian. who stood quite close at Iminl, pointed tlie revolver ul his breast, ami discretion at snob ti niomeiH being the better part of valour. In- was loth to obey Hie older. The search then cnmmciued, nnd from iheir first victim they look smne 10s. or 12s. in silver, anil lwii diamond rings, ruined ut something like £70, AAkhdL.At.G—J.'JvtP.nl'L. . who had been on a visit to Yass, consented to carry to Goulburn for Mr. Elliot, watch- maker and jeweller of this town. The ting- weie placed in the iruiis-i s nickel for security, and the villain actually cut the pocket in order to more speedily secure possession of its c m- t- nts. Mi . Elu'orlliy's watch uii-l po; ket-lionk !'..i innately escaped. The rubber having finished ins scrutiny, ordered Mr. Mlworthy lo stand on a spot pointed out, suiting that ir Ii-: moved his lile would lie the forfeit. Tiie passenger next searched was Mr. Isaacs, of the firm of F. Ga Ailching, who was on liis way lo Sydney oil business. From Mr. Isaaesnbout £7U in gold and cheques, us well us liis pocket-book con taining several letters, were taken, but. s-nne of l lie latter weie ri; t ut ti<::l. Mr Stewart Murray, of Hie Oriental Hank Corporation, was the third who came under tlie hands o1' Hie daring rufiian, but having had some lime ui lowed liiui while liis predecessors were h :iug subjected lo lliesearcliing process, lie-no, -ceded in secreting some pm-lion of ids property. On in. iiiig challenged, litis gentleman, with much apparent noiwh iUnce, at once hand" I over Hie loose silver in his posse s'un : and thus escaped being very miuuleiy searched One ! or two valuable rings and a i a-k t-liook had previously been deposited in (he legs of a pair of thigh hoots, which M'\ Murray happ-n-al to have oil at tlie time. Next fid lowed a man named Coiilun, who had £12 in iioies in liis pockets. The cash was at once appropriated ; Init lortunntely a very considerable- amount, al.-u in notes, and concealeil in a body belt, escaped the i ndian's scrutiny. The fifth pas- senger, a i- reon named dobbins. Irmii Umi-- daroo, succeeded in slipping oil' the coach wliiio his eompuniomi were li-ing llta-enl of all the cash and valuables on their persons, and quietly got off Hie line ef road inlo Hie bush, valise in hand, and was subsequently picked up hy tlie driver about a mile on Hie t'roiil- hurn" side of Hie spot where the robbery was ell'ccte I. dubbins, we are assured, ha I in iiis possession a loaded unolvcr; anil had Hie slightest- pluck been evinced by him (till Hie passengers, indeed, seem to have lack'-d coinage) tlie two robbers would in nil pro- bability I'.ave been rnptmcd. or at any rale prevenicd from carrying any booty away with ilium. The passengers having ui- Ii been sub jected to a search, were each ill hi.- turn plae-d ill rank and tile oil one side, the second villain standing sentry with a gun mimed at Prom Not deeming it worth their whi o to -eareli Hie diivcr, "i lie robbers next dirccled their itllctiiion to the inuil-bags mid luggage, tiie whole of which were thrown from the cone-It; nil completing the- work the leader of tilt: rub le-is jumped I rum Hie conch, an i r -in irk-d. "you may close lip now, ami lie ufi. Hie driver on mouiiliiigdiseovered the Yass letter b..g lodged between the wheel and Hie body of tlie eoaeli, and in closing the door of Hie boot, contrived to slip the hag in without being ob served. Mr. Elwortliy also sueeeedi-il in gelling his carpet-bag replaced ill thec-ach. No violence was used to any of Hie passengers or the il river ; undone of the robb-is fallowed the coach for about two hundred yards alter starling. The whole trim-action occupied about "bulf-an-linnr; and had no sooner been completed than a violent storm ol lain, hail, and snow came on. Hie darkness which pre ceded whieh rendered it extremely ihlfleiilt lo take accurate not ice of the rnbiicrs. One is described as I e.illg about tiv- feet t- n inches high, slightly built, huoiiy wln-kms about forty years of age, and hy speech an English man the wort- a blue singe shirt, fustian trousers, anil hud oil liis head w lial appeared to lie a night-cup, of comical shape. His companion appeared to In: uhuut live feet four incites, rather stout, I ut no parliculurdi-srrip- t jun ol hi n can he given by any of the pas sengers. iufoi-malion of the rubbery was im mediately telegraphed to .Sydney, mid forward- ' ed to Captain Zoucli, of the Mounted Hanoi ; and we trope that, even while wc wiiie Hie scoundrels me in custody, as we believe lli.it Captain Zoitch was fully persuaded Hint lie would have hut little trouble in capturing thlMU It is believed that the hag from Gunning, containing several letters mid cheques lui" about £ti(j, in the only one of any consequence now nii.-siiig. Three lings fell into the hands or the robbers; that Iroiii Gunning; one con taining registered letters, and a third til led wilh empty hags which were being returned lo the post uillec, in Sydney. That containing the registered letters was picket! up by a car rier iu passing along the road, about lialf-an- limir aft- r Hie occurrence, having been left lying there through ncedlcnt or with an inten tion of returning for it. It is u-rtiiinly aston ishing that sutli a daring robbery should have been perpetrated within so short a distance of Goulburn, and at so early an hour in the evening ; and it is equally surprising that so many passengers should so lamely submit to be fleeced by only a couple of men—armed though they were. The following is an extract of a letter writ- ten by Mr. Elworthy, one of the passengers, which supplies some particulars omitted from the above :— "As you are doubtless aware, the mail which left Yass on last Tuesday morning, was stopped and robbed by two bushrangers, when about ten miles from Goulburn, near Ben Barker's. I was the first attacked, and con- sidering all things got off remarkably well. Mr. Isaacs of Gundugai, fared worst ; they took all he had. Mr. Murray, of the Oriental Bank, having longer time than we, managed to slip his watch and £10 into his boots. They missed my watch and pocket book ; but got two diamond rings by cutting off my trousers pocket, into which I had placed them for safety. The rings were from Mr. Elliott, of Yass, consigned to Mr. H. S. Clarke, of Goul- burn. The police are on the scent, and sus- pect two men. The ruffians presented a re- volver at me, because I did not hurry myself in getting down to them. All I lost was about 10s. or 12s. and the diamond rings. The oHier passengers lost even their luggage ; hut by some mean? I smuggled my carpet-bag back into the coach without being perceived hy either of the villains Tliev, however, took the little parcel tent- hy Mis. Colls, of Yass, to her daughter in Gimlburn The rub- burs overlooked HicGeulburn mail-bag, which fortunately contained the up-country hags; mid this (Wednesday) nioruingHn: Chief Cnn- slalilc en nn- in to Goulhuni_wiiU_anolher_u|i-_ country hag, rutilniiiing a lot of registered | letter.-, that had Ueu Lund on the road, and which t ho robbers had left King 1 1 re owing !0 Hie darkness of Ilia night. To make all worse, it mined, hailed, and snowed so ililck -thnt-wn-werc-to- nrclr-o HleiroitmosrinvisTtiter On obtaining our liberty, it was discovered that the driver's whip was broken, so tlie horses went into Goiilhiirnat what speed tlioy lilted. In fact, wo were unlucky birds; still wc were fortunate to get off a-< we did." JliiANi'H Basks is Yass. — There is an old saving tiiat, " It never rains hut it pours," ami it seems to Irold grind as far as the esta blishment in Yass of branch banks is con cerned. No. sooner is one positively about to liu opened" than a second is announced, and s m -what of a race takes place, between the olli -nils of the rival establishments to lie the first to commence business. Early last week Mr. Murray, of the Oriental Bank Cor poration, liiade. i'n: necessary arrangements for a brunch of that hank being opened ; ami a few days afterwards the Commercial Bank ing Company intimated that a branch of their establishment would also he opened. Tlie consequence is th it both branches will he ill a position to transact business from and after Monday next. The Oriental under the eharce ef M r. Stewart Murray, ami the Commercial under tiie inanaguiroait of Mr. Hubert William Hearson. Tin: Oriental, wc suppose, will rest, its claims to support -on tin: fact of their being the first to step in to all'ird the inhabitants tiie advantage tn he derived from having a local hank. The claims of the Commercial are aiuiniiiie.-it to lie grounded on the fact of iis being a ' purely colonial institution, ndrollv devoted to promoting the interests of this oniony, anil intimatoiy conn-cted with its welfare." We sincerely trw.-t that both undertakings may prove siifiieiently remunerative to allow of their being long continued among st n.i. Y-ass!lo!\slt -asii t'.VTTt.K h'teamnr. I'PK- vuNTtox Assoim atiox. — The aii j itinied me st ing of the members of !li - above association was held in the Coiirt-lrons,- oil tin: al'torn ion of 'Thursday last. Tin- ir-'sit Ictn -n present wore, Messrs. Charles II. ill, of Yeuuibiu'rn ; J. G. Davidson, i f Donro ; A. II. Ilmne, of Hoiik-wooiI ; A. Mi-Bnin, of B-i-.vspr dugs ; J. tj. Calvert, of (.'avail ; R. Davison, of Black Range ; O. .1. WootRiousc, of Bnury- ong; Tiros. Colls, Roes Jones, and James Grov.-nor. On the motion of Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hall was called to the chair. The chairwan read the advertisement calling tlie meeting, ami remarked that as the object In;- which tin:;.' had met was well known, it was as well for the meeting at once to adopt Hie necessary rules ami regulations. A conver sational discussion then ensued, which ter minated in tin: adoption of rules of which the following is an outline : — Tli.-it all members j) iv an entrance fee of otic guinea, and an annual subs -riptinu of throe guineas; that n ii y lei'son giving information such as will lend to the recovery of stobei horses or cattle, or as will lead to a conviction of the oll'end u's. shall receive a reward of not h-ss than £5 nor more than £50. ut the discretion of the managing committ-u : that Mr. Ha milton Ilium: be elected Rres'ulent for tlie ensuing year, and Mr. J. S. Oalvert Yiee- I'rcsi I- nt ; that the following gentlemen he appointed a enmioitteo to transact nil business oil behalf of the association, viz. Messrs. Glias. Hall, A. II. Hume. J. G. Da vidson, A. McHunn, Koht. Davison. Roes Joiros, II. Godfrey, J. Grovenor, and G. .1. \\\ o idhouse — three to lorni a quorum; that ail funds belonging to tlie association la: lodged in tin: Commercial Hail!;, Yass. and t! nt all cheques lie signed by the chairman ifci amittee for tho time, being, and counter- tig l :d by tin: treasurer. tsouie oilier minor details having been decided upon, Mr. Gal- vert was moved into tin: chair, and a vote of Blanks passed to Mr. Oh irh s II ill for his conduct ill the chair. The meeting then separated. We may add that sixteen gen tlemen unrolled themselves as members, and it is expected that Hie number will shortly he verv considerably augmented. Tuner Om'.vkiu.y HnnvKSTnn. — On Thurs day afternoon Mr. G. J. Wood house of JJonry- img. having some business to transact, dis mounted from liis liovsi . and fastened tlie animal to n pust in front of tiro- Yass Hotel Finn", time afterwards a man, wiro had been prowling about tlie streets fur a couple of days previously, and on whose, movements constable Hassett had kept strict -watch, ap proached tlig horse, and examined its feet, .saddle, and bridle. Apparently thornuglil v satisfied with the result ofliis inspection, lie unloosed tlie bridle, threw it over the ani mal's ni-ek, placed his foot in the stirrup, and was as nearly as possible comfortably sealed ill the saddle, when constable Hassett sudd-nly darted from his hiding- place round tin: corner of Rossi-str.v.'t. nnd seizing Hie In-idle, remarked, "This lior.se is a bitok- j-iinpi'i- ami is not to be rut-ten by you, aim at mice laid hold of tin: party, placed his stall' across Iiis chest so as tu confine his arms, and marched him off to tiro luek-up. But a very few minutes elapsed between the at tempted 1 1 1 o ft ami the thief's being safely placed in tiie cells, to await an examination before the magistrates. Gonstable Hassett has, on very many occasions during a long series of years, -roved himself to in: an ener getic mid an able officer ; ami Tie tact whieli lie displayed in capturing the prisoner on tlie pivsmt occasion adds to the fair nro.lra-uui of praise which he previously merited. Wiihat.— There at present exists a largely increased demand for wheat.— not only in Yass, but in most of tlie townships between here and Alluiry. Large orders have been reeeived from Wagga U agga for (lour : and it will be perceived that Messrs. Nixon otfer to purchase "any quantity" of wheat at 5s. per bushel, delivered iu Wagga Wagga. Our local storekeepers are also in the market, prepared to purchase largely, and iu to-day's paper it will he seen that threepence per bushel over the rates given at the mills is ollered. 'The .scarcity is evidently the re sult of the producers wirhnhling their sup plies, ratiier than sell at a loss on the cost of raising. Jn some instances tlie settlers retain in their possession tlie crops of the last two seasons, so that if tlie value of wheat continues to advance they may yet reap some benefit from having so long re tained the crops in their own hands. Tub Weatiihij, -Ye. — On Hie night of Wed nesday last a sharp frost succeeded to tiie, previous continued wet weather ; and since that period frosty nights, with pleasant sun shine during tlie days, have been the char acteristics of Yass weather. The muddy, sloppy streets have once more become pass able with comfort to pedestrians ; ami it is to in: hoped wijl H n Homo degree increase the business .To Toe several stores. Dairy pro duce is again unusually scarce — indeed, for some days butter lias been a commodity un obtainable nt almost any price. Bacon of really good quality lias been brought into town in s: mo quantity, and disposed of at ltd. per lh. Eggs are retailed at 2s. and 2s. 3d. per dozen. Other edildes are obtainable, hilt only at equally high rates. Ruxawav Houses. — On Monday hist, while a servant in the employ of M rs. Ilardv, of Ilnrdwickc, was driving that lady's carriage into Yass for tlie purpose of having sonic repairs made on tlie vehicle, tlie horses, fo-ir in number, on reaching tlie creek at tlie end of Ooonin-strcet, bolted, and darting furiously round Hassett's corner, proceeded onwards until their progress was fortunately staved by Mr. T. Coils rushing forward and seizing tlie bridle of the leaders. When stopped, tlie horses were within a very lew feet of a very wide and deep rut; nnd had Mr. Colls not succeeded in stopping their career nt tlie moment he did, the chances are that the carriage would have been smashed, nnd the horses injured, if not de stroyed. BintnLAitr — On last Thursday evening, tlie house of tlie Rev. Mr. Creed, of Yass. was entered hy thieves, and three lings and some money in silver, carried oil'. Tlie rev. gentleman and family had, as is their cus tom, left tlie house about seven o'clock to proceed to ('Impel ; and on returning, about -nino-o'elnok-it was discoverod-tiiat tliefront door lmd liecu unlocked. On entering the house tiie hcd-rooin Haors wo;: found .-.trowed with tlie contents of thcidrnwcrs and trunks, consisting priucijailiy hf wearing apparel nnd linen. Sirs. Creed's work-box land been forced open with a el7bU171:ial three -gold rings, valued particularly as presents from friends, taken away ; as well as two .smalt nuggets of gold. From tlie drawers tho thieves took a purse containing some silver coins, aii.l also some loose silver, it appears thai tin impression laid gone abroad that the nroneys belonging to Hie chapel' were in the house; and as silver spoons, brooches, ere., were foil-el ,-e ittercd e'omt til-: Hi j io i i '. it seems evident tii.it (he less -ssion of the cash was He- main object of the thieves. We are informed Halt thorn was in the hnqs" a cheque for a considerable amount, drawn i-i favour of the Vans Chape!, but it escaped tiie iioiiee of the thieves ; and oven lmd it been procured it would have been vain- 'The entrance was eileete.! by m ams of she!-.: in keys; and on tiie h"k bring remove I yes- t:rd.iv morning a purlin:) of ma: of those keys was found broken in the lord. About throe weeks ago the lock v.-.is thought In have apparently been tampered with, hut every thing in Hie house In ing found iu an uu.ias- tiirbeh slale. littie untie-.- was taken of tin: eirciiaistnticr. It would irow iqe.car tliat. the thieves land been bu tit -d in He ir purpose on that oia-asiou lor too skeleton key breaking in the Melt ; and having a second time pro cured the iiee—sary aiqd janee-a elfre'cd an entrance as les -ribed'. ' 'Tin: thmv-'s were evid-.itly w :!1 ae ;n liiit -d ' ivith Hie hour at which the ; family ware Ii': -ly to return, ami l-rok time most tlror ..a ghly to ran -an1: the premises. Suspicion at present at tzek-js its/if to no one. 