HOME AND FOREIGN NEWS. Faheweu. Batiotet to Da. LrvrsGSTONE. — A grand farewell banquet was given on Saturday evening at the Freemasons' Hall to tbe distinguished African traveller. Dr. Livingstone, previous to his return to the scene of bis former labours and sneccss. when so great appeared to be the desire on the part of the public to do honour to the guest of tlie evening that, although covers for 350 bad been laid, considerably over SOU gentlemen, comprising names most innsmons in science and art. assembled npou the occasion. The great dining-hal! was completely filled, and great many persons who applied for ad mission were unable to obtain it, although in rnanv cases as much as £5 was offered for a scat. The chair was taken Sir Roderick Mttrchienn, President or the ltoyal Geographical Society, enpported on the right by Dr. Livingstone, and on the left br the Duke of Argyll. Among those in proximity to the chair were Professor Owen. General Portlock. the Earl of Sheffield, Admiral Sir George Back, the Bishop of St. David's, Lord Sbelburne. die Earl of Shaftesbm-y, Lord Ebury. Admiral Van Dorkun (Minister of Denmark), the Duke of Wellington. Count Platen (Minister of Sweden and Norway). Earl Grey. Itear Admiral Trotter, the Bisknp'of Oxford. Sir Benjamin Brndie, Lord Badstock. Sir Balph Howard, Captain Deunian. Mr. Baxter U P Sir Morton Peto, Mr. Lindsay. M.P.. Mr. Bachanau. M.P., Captain Culliuson. M.S, Colonel Burgovne. Mr. Sianey. General Murray Hay. Mr. C. W. DUfce, Mr. Yeates, Alderman Wire, Alderman Finnis, Sir W. F^nser, the Hon. A. Kinnaird. Colonel Syke*. Sir Thomas Frcemantli-, Count Strzelecki. tte'Rev. Thcoplulus Marzials, Ac Nor were the fairer sex backward in joining in tlie ovation, the gaH.;rv being filled with ladies, among whom were the Countess Grey and party, the Countess of Carnarvon. Mrs. Ashley, Miss Bardett Csutu?. Lady Bac, Lady Franklin, Mrs. Baincs. Miss Craeroft, Miss Copley. Mrs. Dnndas, Mrs. Gordon. Mrs. Greene, Mrs Port lock, Mrs. and Miss Wrottesley. Mrs. Twvford, and Mrs. Livingstone. The ball was decorated with a buffet of plate at one end, and bt-Iiinil lite diair was a map showing tlie discoveries of Dr._Livuigst»ne, while facing the chair was a bust, exhibited for the first time, of the distinguished traveller, the work of Mr. E. W. Wyon-The band of tbe Grenadier various airs ; and in order, ire suppose, to do honour to the nationality of Dr. Livingstone, the pipeae of the Dake of Argyll, in full Highland ouctume, played various Scotch tunes npon their national instrument. The wbolearrangemeuts for the banquet were highly satisfactory, and reflected credit upon Messrs. Elkington and Co., the proprietors of the establishment. General Sib RaI-TH Dablisg, G.C.H.— We have to record tlie demise of tins venerable general who died at Brighton on Good Friday, in his SSrd year. The gallant general entered the army in 1733 as ensign in the 15th Foot, with which' regiment he served in the West Indies until the peace of Amiens, and after a long and glorious career, in the Peninsula under General Sir John Moore. He was appointed in 1825. Govemor-in Chief of New South Wales and Van Diemeu'6 Land, and for six years commanded the troops in those dependencies of the British Crown, fa 1835, lie was nominated a Knight Grand Cross of tbe Royal Hanoverian Gnel|-liic Order. In September, be was apjminted Colonel of the 41 6t (the Welsh) Hegiment of Foot, which lie held up to February. IRtS, wken nc was removed to the - Vloneley of the 69tfa (the Sontli lincolnshirc) Uegiment of Font, wliicli becomes at die disposal of the Commaiider-in-Cliief. Sir Balult liad received the gold medal forCorurma. Her MajcEty's Government have consented to the erection of a new bishopric in Australia, the boundary of which will be a new province, which has been marked out, to be called Brisbane or Morcton Bay. at present comprised in tbe diocese of Newcastle, which is tbe most extensive of onr colonial sees, not excepting Calcutta and Enpert' 6 Land. It ex tends northwards from the river Hawtesbury to the 24th parallel of sonrli latitude, a coast line of about 840 miles, and stretches TOO miles inland. The Government hare stipulated as « preluninnry step to the formation of the new Bee, that there shall be proTidfld from £400 to £300 per annum as endow ment of the soe. which represents a capital of from £6000 to £7000 (invested in the colony at six per cent.) Towards this amount die Archbishop of Canterbury and the Colonial Bishoprics' Fund have contributed £3300. the Society for tbe Propagation of the Gospel, £1000; and the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge has promised to Tote £1000 at its next mettiug. .., VmA Lyndhnrst tells a good story rpropot of his pwiBBder of the great seal in JB46. ' When I went to tlie palace,' says his kxidsbm 'I alighted at the graal staircase; I was received by the sticks gold nud silver, and other officers of tlie household, who called in sonorous tones from landing to landing, and apartment to apartment, ' Boom for the Lord High Chancellor oT England.' I entered the presence chamber: I save the seals to her Majesty; J ljag tbe aiomoor ^tiagnglHx-fcaBdrtiaf^aMDt:; ment by another door aad found mysrtfon it back staircase, down which I descended without anybue taking any notice of me nntiL as I was looking for my earrisgc at tin outer door, ? lackey bustled op, and with a patronising air said, 'Lord LyndUurst, can I do anything for yoa?' Adstsaluk Fu-WEBE.-T-Tbe native rose has die colour but no other resemblance to the European queen of flowers. It is one of die few field-flowers possessing *uy odour. Wafted on the passing gale, it commends itself pleasantly to tbe senses; bat Strange enough, on closer acquaintance, there mingles trith the rich perfume an undoubted smell of fox. — a scent which, however productiieof rapture in 'die field,' is hardly adapted to die boudoir. In the low lands of the Botany scrub I noticed a crimson and orange flower, like tlie foxglove in form, very handsome, but so hard and horny in tex ture, dial the blossoms actually ring with a dear metallic sound as the breeze shakes diem. It might be the fairies' dinner-bell, calling them to dew and ambrosial But alas I there are no 'good people in Australia! no one ever heard of a ghost, a bogie, or a fetch hac'—ilimdj/'t 'Oar Antipodal' An affecting secne took place at UicTuilerire after the mass of thanksgiving, at which die Emperor and Empress were present on die day following the bite attempt. Tbe Piinoo Imperial, -when brought to his august parents, remarked the scratch made on die previous evening on tlie iaoe of the Emperor, and naid in his infantile accents : 'Papa hurt! ' The Kmperor took the prince in his anus, and said — 'Yon love papa, do you'' The Prince replied by kissing tbe Emperor, and again repeated tbe word 'hnrtl' ? At diese caresses ana thow word* of his child, the nan who bad beheld death so sear him widiout being disturbed and withontdianiring coun tenance could not restrain the feelings of his heart, and he sited tears. . . A telegraphic message, from Paris, was received at Malta, of die acquittal of Dr. Bernard, whose trial bad created so much interest in connection irHh die late attempt on tbe lifij of Kapohxm. 