IJO3IESTJC INTELLIGENCE. Inquest. — An inquest, was commenced yester day afternoon, at the Quuen's Iliad, Welling ton-street, liefore W. Guun, Esq , Coroner, oir view of the body of Masioy Evans, who died iu the Cornwall llospilal, on Friday last. IV Miller proved that deceased was admitted inti hospital on the 1st instant, he complained nf mill in bia right side and difficulty in breathing Witness, on examination found a fracture of one or more of deceased's ribs, and brniscs all over lire back from the neck down to the iri|w, there waa also inflammation of the thorax. Deceased stated thai he had Vcceivod thu iu iurios when attempting to save his goods from his burning hut. He died on Friday and wit ness had since made a pom moviYin examina tion of r he body. Found the tentti rib on the right side fractured about two inches from tho sprue and the end of the broken hone forced through tho pleura and diaphragm, the cauna of death was inflammation, caused by the injuries received. .411 the organs of the body were healthy except the liver which wks much diseased. Witness wasof opinion that deceased could not have received the injuries in the way ho had slated, it must have been a very heavy blow indeed which could have broken the rib as stated above. Tiro injury might have been inflicted by a kick, the deceased lying on thu ground. Hannah Evans, the wile of deceased, was called in and swora, she stated that her husband was GO years of age, and had beerr working as a sawyer foT Mr. Long, with a mate named John JI'Leau, within half a mile of the Tanrar Hotel, on the East Tamar. At this sraeeof the proceedings it was evident thai the witness was nearly in toxicated, and the Coroner adjourned tho in quest until three o'clock, this day. Monsieur Proeschels Maps. —M. Proeschel has been for a considerable time employed here and at Hobart Town, in compiling and prepar- ing the most complete maps of Launceston and Hobart Town ever yet published. The follow- ing extracts with reference to M. Proeschels new map of Victoria will give some idea of that gentleman's sientific abilities.—"Mr. Proeschel has forwarded to us a new Map of Victoria, just published. Mr. Blandowski (Curator of the Museum of Natural History of Victoria), makes the following statement in reference to it:—'I can express my opinion on the Map with every confidence. It is decidedly the most complete but the best executed Map that has come under my notice. It is, in my opinion, the most practical ever published in the colony. The directions and distances from Melbourne are readily ascertained by consulting it. The Map is so arranged that a different application of colors, three distinct Maps are given for three distinct purposes. I venture to recommend this Map to all classes of the community, in full confidence that it will afford them much useful information."— Argus, April 11th, 1856. "Proeschel's Maps of Victoria.—The Reference Book to these ad- mirable Maps is now before us. It is a small volume of eighty-four pages, containing a mass of information and detail of the most useful description, and renders clear many features of the Maps, which without the book, were necessarily obscure. By a simple arrangement of lines, letters, and numbers, the position of every town, village, hill, lake, river, creek, parish, &c.;, &c.;, in the whole colony, can be readily ascertained. The nature of the soil and the character of the vegetation is in very many cases indicated, and the distance, in miles from Melbourne, by an excellent ar- rangement of squares and circular lines, can been seen at a glance. The Maps and the Book of Reference contain, in fact, a mass of information not hitherto published in any shape and that information is presented in a remark- ably clear and easily-referred to manner."— Geelong Advertiser, May 2nd, 1856. Customs' Department.— Mr. E. Dickens, Keeper of the Bonded Warehouse, who has been in England on leave of absence for the last eighteen months or more, returned here by the Royal Shephere yesterday evening. Dentistry.— Mr. Gustavus Gabriel purposes visiting Longford as will be seen by his adver- tisement in another column. This will be an opportunity for those who require artificial teeth seldom to be met with by the good folks in that locality. Mr. Farquaharson's Concert—We remind our readers that the concert of this popular vo- calist takes place at the Cornwall Assembly Rooms on to-morrow evening, and it will be under the patronage of his Worship the mayor and several of the elite of Laun- ceston, We believe that we need not do more than refer to this entertainment to ensure for Mr. Farquharson a crowded attendance. Dancing.— A want, long felt in this town, is about to bo supplied by the announcement of Mis. Robert 31e(Jo\van to establish herself as instructress in this elegant i it. Many fa milies will thus be enabled to secure to therrr Eeli'cs an intimate acquaintance with ull the modern mysteries of this charming ac«:i; plithment as recently introduced to the Eng lish ball-room. Mrs McGowau's advertisement will be lound in another column. A First-clats Misdemeanant.— Jfr. Glover, ihs late member of Parliament for Bevorly, has been convicted, lately at the Central Criminal Court, of having made a false de claration of being possessed of a proper quali fication as mum her for the borough of Beverly ; and he was sentenced to four months im prisonment, ae a firrt class misdemeanant. A Modem Aposato — D. Hayes teas brought before the Police Magistrate on Monday morn ing, and charged with having disturbed I lie prntcs on Sunday. Constable Young said tlrat H lives waa ntlcmpling to preach in the street, but was followed only by a number of hoys, who together with Hayes wore creating a con siderable disturbance, and he took Hayes into custody. The Police Magistrate advired Hayes to be milder in his demeanour in future and released him. itut Hayes who was very much excited, and hard of hearing, wanted lo know who was to pay him for his loss of tiirre he said he had been persecuted for the testi mony ho bore of the Saviour. Ho rvould agrco with the Magistrates and Lawyers as long as their conduct was consistent with that book (pulling a Bible from his pocket) butno further. Ho went away at last, threatening tj go to the shurirl and demand from him a constable to protect him, instead of allowing the police to annoy him while preaching the word. Piitno Beef.— The runt carcaso of a dozen very prime fat cattle was exhibited for silo by Mr. Tankard, in Charles-strcct, on Saturday last. The ox weighed 12 c\v(., and considering iho wonderful depth of fat ou t lie libs of'tlio joints remaining on Monday, that appears a very moderate weight. We have never t-ecrr so luscious a sir loin of lierf except irr '?Mhulainl of nustUef' as that at Mr. Tun ka-il's. Tho csttle wcro fed by (he MeMiis. Pitt, cf Chcshunt, and they do equal cicdit lo the soil nf that estate and tlieir late owners. Cornwall Huighing Match.— This match will take place on giound offered for tho pur pose by Mr Henry Young on the Elphin En tate, on Friday tlie 2nd July. The rules of the association me to be strictly adhoicd to, and all teams must bo on the ground by nine o'clock. Dinner will be provided at tho NeW «toad Howl at 6 o'clock in the evening. Stealing Tubs.— Hary Ann Robertson, a licccntly dressed woman with an infant iu her nrrn6, was [nought up at the Police Ofllce on Muuday morning, and charged with mealing s iveral small tubs, a broom, ic.,lhe property of Mr; Frank Hart of Char leu-street. Ehe njid him was only gulliy of buying the articles when she was under Iho influence of drink, and did not know who she had pui chased them fruw. It, appeared in evidence that she had hoeTi appieheuded with the. articles in bur- pos session a^iul 1 o'clock on Satui day morning aud stated that sho was removing ^thern from her former lodgings near the wharf, and had them there throe weekn a^o. Mr Hart iden tified sonic of the articles hb his property, and said they were on his premises last week. The Bench sentenced the prisoner to one month? imprisonment with bird labor. ' Down Again.'— We are glad to observe that home of the bakcis in town have seen the folly of keeping up the prico of broad at the preposterous charge of nine- pence foi the 2lhs. loaf. The price has hoen i educed by several of them to sixpence. Theio is to be a general meeting of the body on Saturday night, at the Royal Hotel, when, no doubt, the majority will anango about selling for similar charge;.— Bendigo Advertiser, June 4th.— [Which of our baker's will be the first to follow such an excel lent example ?— Ed C. C ] Monster Kanoaboo ? One of thoso formid able animals, known us the ' old man1' kan garoo, and which aro very rarely to be met with of late, wbb exhibited yesterday outside the shop of Mr. Rudolph Plfeiderer, victualler, and attracted the attention of the passors bv. Weight, 189 lbs. ; length from point of snout to tip of tail ten feet t«sn inches ; length of tail, tin co feet ten inches ; circumference of tail at butt, tweuty inches; length of himd limb from point of quarter to tip of too, four feet seven inches, The animal was killed somewhere near Like Burrumbeot.— Ballaarat Times. The Breadalbane Annual Ball. — The third annual ball at the Albion Inn, will take place to-morrow evening. The ability, respectability, and liberality with which Mr. and Mrs. Davis conduct the balls at the Albion Inn are so widely known, that the residents in the sur- rounding districts will be gratified to learn that the third annual has been fixed for to-morrow evening. A Potato Stealer.— A man named Thomas Wade was noticed by constable Nyo coming down the sand hill with a bag on his hack at hnlf-past ono o'eloikon Sundty morning last. The cooatable followed lintil Warle turned round the corner of tho Carpenters Arms, wliow he dropped the bag, as he, no doubt, thought the constable was paying too much attention to him, having called out to enquire who Wade w«u,— the latWl replied, ' all riglrt, good night,' dropped the bag, and turned out of the Wellington road. Nyo followed, and took him into custody on tlio rise of the hill. On Mondiy morning Wade was tried summa rily before the police magistrate and C. J. Weodon, Esq , J.P. He was charged with stealing a quantity of potatoes found in the bag, the property of Mr. Kceno, who produced an.nrple mixed with straw exactly similar lo those in the bjfr, both having evidently been removed from the name pit. Mr. Keeno said at the request of conatahle Nye he had visited his potxto pit on Sundnv morning, and found from the appearance of the straw at one placo, that it hid been di'tmbed. Tho prisoner made a rambling defence about having loft town on Saturday to po tj Cat rick, but only got as far as thu Travellers Rest, and relumed being too drunk Iu go on. Tho canstablo said he wn sober when arrested. The bench sen tenced him to thiee months imprisonment with hard labor. Australian Flowers.— The native rose has (he colour but n- other resemblance to the European quecu of flowers. It is one of tiro few field flowor« possessing any odour. Wafled on the passing gale, it commends itself plea santly to the senses ; but strange enough, on closer acquaintance, there mingles with the rich pel fume an undoubted smell of fox— a scent which, however productive of rapture in ' thu field,' is hardly adapted to tho boudoir. In the low lands of fie Botany scrub I noticed a crimson and orange flower, like the foxglove in form . very handsouc, but so hard and horny in tuiturc, that the blossoms actually ring with a clear metallic sound as the breeze shakos them. It might be tho fairies' dinner-bell, calling them to dew and ambrosia ! But, ftlaB ! there are no ' good people' in Australia ! no ono ever heard of a ghost, a bogl«, or a fetch hero.— llundy'B ' Our Antipodes.' General Association for tho Australian Co lonies.— A deputation Horn tire 'General As soeiaiiou for the Australian rolonics' had an interview wi.li Lord Stanley, Secretary of Slilo for tho Colonies, o:i Saturday, on the srrbji'ct of (lie steam postal service to Australia. The deputation, which was accompanied by Lord Alfred Churchill, and Mr. O. Macarthy, M P., consisted of Sir Charles Nicholson and Mr. Edward Hamilton, representing New South Wales j Messrs. W. Archer, F A. Dn Cruz, and James A. You], lion, seerrtary, Tasmania ; Metsrp. G. W. Cole and G Lsufie Foster, Victoria; Messrs. A. L. Elder and 15. Stephens, South Australia ? English paper jg' Wo are requested to call the attontiou of butchers and others to the monthly s-le of live Block at Pitcher's yards. Prospect Village, on Thursday next, the 17th instant, at 12 o'clock, by Mr. fc\ J. Uoughton. See adver tisements! (From the Mercury.) Quartz Crushing. — The announcement made by us a day or two since that several of our tradesmen had resolved upon forming them- selves into a company for the purpose of test- ing the value of our Quartz Reefs at Fingal, has elicited information of which we were not previously in possession. It appears that several of our merchants and influential citizens, amongst whom we may name Messrs. F. A. Downing, Lavington Roope, Degraves, and Wilson, have already taken steps for setting this question at rest, although the means by which they propose to do this are widely dif- ferent from those which our tradesmen intend to adopt. We are informed that the gentle- men we have named, and others with them, have determined upon sending over ten tons of the Fingal quartz to Victoria, for the purpose of having it tested there: and have subscribed for that purpose. There is no doubt but that the result of this will be ascertained with great care; and that the utmost precaution will be taken to prevent the possibility of anything like deceit. Should the result be such as we firmly predict it will be, still the public will only be convinced by the introduction from Melbourne, as the consequence of that result, of a patent quartz crushing machine. We can- not blame the people for being incredulous; the cry of "Wolf" —gold, we mean — has been raiseed so often only to entail disappointment that they naturally look with suspicion upon all statements not actually verified, or capable of being so, by ocular proof. For their own sakes these gentlemen will take care that they are not practised upon: while we hope, also, that they will be equally careful that cold water is not unnecessarily thrown upon the enterprising spirit which seems now to be gaining ground. Believing that these pre- cautionary measures will be adopted, we think it might, perhaps, be as well for our tradesmen to wait awhile and see the upshot of the pre- sent experiment. We hope the 10 tons of quartz to be sent over will be procured under the supervision of a party who is possessed of some practical knowledge upon the subject. By way of encouragement to those patriotic gentlemen who are interested in the success of the Fingal quartz crushing experiment, we ex- tract the following from the 'Tarrengower Times":— The Richest Quartz Claim in the World.— Messrs. Pettit, Chrystal & Co.'s claim on nug- getty reef wil contest the honor of this title with any ground ever opened. The extent of their claim in length is only 39½ feet, yet its yield is not inferior to that of the richest of the large claims on Bendigo, or any goldfield in this country. Since its opening it has pro- duced gold to the value of £50,000, and it con- tinues, at its present depth of 12½ feet, to yield very richly. The last crushing just finished produced 326 ozs for five weeks' work. One crushing from this claim yielded 1250 ozs., and from two tons the amount of 530 ozs. was ob- tained. A larger quantity of gold may have been got from some claims, but from none of so small an extent has anything near the amount been procured. 