: itttsmllnnfous ? ?;??. ;, : MEZZOFANTI'S MARVELLOUS FACULTY. — One evening about this time Dr. Wisemen, meeting Mcazofunti in the Piazza di Spagna, inquired where he was going. 'To the Propaganda,' he replied ; 'I have to give a lssson there.' 'In what language?' auked Dr. Wisemun. ' Iu Californian,' laid Mazaofand ; 'lam teaching it to the Californian youths whom we havo there.' ' Californian !' exclaimed his friend. ' From whom oan you possibly havo learned , that out-of-the-way tongue?' ' From themselves,' replied Mesvofauti, 'and now I am teaching it to them grammatically.' This interesting anec dote illustrates a curious phase of Maz zofanti's marvellous fucu ty — the man ner in -which he dealt with ft language not only new to himself, but entirely unwritten, unsystcmatised, and, in ; a word, destitute of all the ordinary aids and appliances of study. Two native Californians, children of one of the, many Indian tribes of that '? peninsular} were sent to Rome to be educated at the Propaganda. One of these died not very long after his arrival; the other, wlibs- native name was Tac, and who exhibited |much more talent than his companion, lit'ed in the; Propaganda for about three years, but eventually sunk under the effects of the Roman climate; und perhaps of the confinement and un wonted habits of a (o'.lcgiate life. To these youths, from the day of their ar rival, Mezzofanti attached himself-with all the interest which a new language always possessed for him. The Indians of the Californian peninsula arc broken up into several independent tribes, the principal of which are three in number^— the Picos, the 'Waicuros, and the Lay niones. Their languages aio as various as their subdivisions of. race. „ In- the days of the ? Spanish* missionaries ; there' could hardly be found any two or three, missions in which the same dialect wan spoken; insomuch that the fathers of these missions have never succeeded in doing for . the , native . language what they haVe done 'for most of- the other languages for Northern and Central America— reducing it to an in telligible ' grammatical system.- Upon Mezzofanti, therefore, in his intercourse with thess youths, devolved all the trou ble of discovering the grammatical struc ture of the Californian language, and of reducing it to rules. ' It was* a most curious process. He began by making his pupils recite the Lord's Prayur, until he picked up first the gcnernl meaning, and afterwards the pa: t'cular sound , and what may be called the rhythm of the language. The next step to ascertain and to classify the particles, both affixes and suffixcH ; to distinguish verbs from nouns, and substantives from adjectives ; to* discover the principal inflexions of both.' Having, once mastered the pre liminaries, his power of: generalising scemrd .rather to be an instinct than an exefcise.bf the'reasonin_ff faculty. ' With him the knowledge of words led, almost without an effort, to the power of speak ing. I have been assured by the Rev. James Doyle (who was a student of the Propaganda at the' time, and who had frequent opportunities' of witnessing Mezzofunti's conversation with these youths) that his succi si was complete — at least so far as could be judged from external ' appearance — from his fluency, his. facility nf speech, , and all. this other outward indications of familiarity. A young Mulatto of the Dutch West Indian Island of Curocoa, named Enrico Gnn;ez, arrived ibotit a fortnight before Epiphany, 1845-., He spoke no language, except the ' Nigger Dutch' of his native inland. Mezzofanti took him into his hand , -md before the day of Academy (tlie ^Sunday after Epiphany) he had not only estab lished a mode .of communication with him, but had learnvd^.his language, and even composed f)r him a' short 'poetical picep,'1; iwhich '?'?'?? Gomes ? recited -'at^ the Academy! A : third case, of three Al banian youths, ..is mentioned in the CiviltaCaHoMca, yil., p. 571. — Life of Cardinal 'Mczzifanti.' '' j The,-Duchess -? or - ? Ohlbans. — Eyeri amid the heat of our own political dis putes',' the rinriburicerrient of th«' sudden death of Helerie Louise, '''Duchess |of Orleans, which' tbolc place at Twicken ham, will'command the attention nnd in sure the ., sympathies ,of, the --English people. ;-. The .misfortune appears !to .have fallen vrry cuddonlyon the exiled Royal Family of France — almost as sud denly,' indeed,' as that- former '??calamity ru-hich X8 years ago ibefvll the Ditkc |of Orleans, -and, -in the full pride and strength of manhood,' removed him from the scene in which, according to all anti cipation, 'he would have played 'so dis tinguished B'_*pnrt'.\| According to the report we hnve'received, it docs not ap pear, that until the ; veryi last- there was any idea that' the Duchess was in any yenoris' dangerj ??She^ha'd ' but ''attained the mid term of life; there was about her every appearance of a sound and vigorous constitution'.^ ;. The ?; thing, however* .was not to be ; ,8lie^ has been ;callcd away while Kef two sons stand 'iipori'the verge of manhood, nnd- without knowledge ;of what may =befall them- a'a5 the ! scroll |of :F,rench ; history is graditttlly; unrolled. 'The- Dueriesrof Orleans ia not the first iiialanoc (if the miserable instability' of fortune which teems to be the lot of those Pririccases who-have' allied therrnelves with, the French Crown ; but y et s her story j is; melancholy enough. Trana porled:atan'early nge fromtlie dull but peaceful mcinotony' of a petty German Court ti- the splendid palaces of France, united 'in marriage' with lhe; heir of the French monareliy; happy in her children, in the affection of her husband, and in her.own cbarncteV, one would have said that hers was indeed an enviable lot. Five years elapsed, and she wa.-uwid--w. Her husband perished by a dreadful death upon the very anniversary of their wcilding day. Another period of five y*arn or thereabout!' passed by, and the young widow was a fugitive and an out cast from French soil, bearing with her the boy who, as nhe had every right to suppose, would one day bave occupipd the thvo.'.e of Fr-»ix. To t e credit of f. « . poor. lady it must be said, that of all the members of the Orleans .family she was the. one who displayed the most spirit in the days of. lebruory, ' 1848. She en deavoured most strenuously to preserve the inheritance ofher child when the cou rage of men, gnve way.— London Pdptr. Suicide.— Henry William Herbert, tho author, better known by the nom de plum of ' I-'rank Forrester,' has committed suicide, in his roomi at the Stevens house, Broadway, by shooting himself through the heart with n pistol. Domes tic difficulties led to tho commission of the rash act. The deceased was married about three months ago, but be had not been living with his wife more than six weeks or so when they quarrelled, and she separated from him. Herbert suf fered intense mental agony in consequence of the severe blow, and in his ravings often threatened to commit suicide He curried the dreadful threat into execution,' and accomplished his purpose in a viool and premeditated manner. About three weeks ago deceased left his home at the 'Cedars,' near Newfark, N. J., arid came to New York. ' He took a suite of com fortable rooms at the Stevens-house, and resumed the. labors .of his profession bs an author, until within the pust few days, when he determined to put an end to his existence, and thus end all his earthly troubles. With 'that object in view, he prepared himself for death ; wrote a num ber of letters informing his friends of his intention to commit suicide, and giving them directions how to dispose of his body arid effects. .It was not the inten tion of deceased . to commit suicide as soon as he did, as the date of his letters evidently show that he had Ret apart to day (the 18th) for the commission of the deed. On Sunday Mr. Herbert sent for Mr. Philip H. Anthon, a friend of liis and requested him to remain with him as long as possible. The deceased com plained of great loneliness, nnd signified his intention to commit suicide before 24 hours would elapse. Mr. Anthon passed the. entire day. with him, and endeavored to cheer hirn, up- and dissuade him _ from self-destriictjon. . .Herbert '.'' talked of nothirig.but suicide, and eyiriced n' desire' to perish in the cerrietery at Newark, on the spot where he last parted with his wife. He told Mr. Anthon that his wife had declined holding any further inter course or correspondence with ? him, and that a letter to' that effect' had reached him through his lawyer, in Nassau- street, on Saturday. The effect ? produced by the determination on the part of his wifoto cease nil intercourse with him was such as to hasten the . tyork of, self destruction some two days. About 2 o'clock in the. afternoon deceased arid Mr. Anthon left the hotel for a wnlk, and returned about 20 p.m. They went upstairs to the rooms occupied by de ceased, when the latter again broached the subject of suicide, nnd said he was determinid to kill himself that night ?While, they were talking together, about 2 cm.', Herbert rose from his seat and went into his bedroom for a few seconds, when tho sharp report of a pistol started Mr. Anthon. ? The ?woik was accom plished. Simultaneous almost with the discharge of the pistol the exclamation, 'I told you I would do it,' came from the lipa./jf the suicide, a* he staggered hack into the parlor, and fell to the .floor. Mr. Anthon immediately pulled the bellrope »nd gave tlie alarm, with the view of procuring the aid of a phy sician, but before any medical aid could be obtained, jlife had fled. The ball from the ' pistol entered the left breast of deceased and Ipuncturod the heart, caus ing almost instant death. When the room occupifd by the deceased was visited by Coroner Gamble, the scene presented was a most melancholy one. The body ofdeceascd lay extended upon the parlour |floor in ? a, large .pool of blood.' Near' the' corps; 'on a writing desk, were several ? packages of letters. Among the number was .one, found di rected to,, the, Criibner, explanatory of the cause which' led to', the' commission' of the! suicide. * The riecoased 'expressed himself as heartily tired of InYlife, wh'ch had become '.hateful, hopeless, and \in endurable.' He signified his forgive ness of nil his enemies, and he affirmed bis perfect f.iith and trust' in his Re= deemer Christ.in' ' whom* he' firmly be lieved he,«hou.ld..inherit,: eternal life. The deceased is greatly lamented in New York, and the act of suicide has by no means lessened ..the general respect which was' entertained for him in the best society.'- 'J-ence Ur his' 'ashes 'Is the utterance of every ; feeling''' heart. This ill-fated gentleman was the son of, the Honorable and Very Revd. W. Her bert, Dean 'of Manchester, and brother of the 2nd Earl of Caernarvon, and wW th'e' author;' of:,',.' Whitcfiiurs, ' Cicsar Borgiii,' ' ' ' OwVri , Tudor,' J and other .well-known novels. — tfew York Paper. I O'CoNNEtt o!»' _Di8B,iEM.-^-We .copy 'from .Mr.,.I;'agnn'.s, V Life nrid 1 'Times of O'CohneilV. the celebrated speech of the' ' Liberator' on^Diaracli, in reply to j a speech in which' the lattor spoke in most disrespectful terms pf^O'Connell;' using ,the words 'incendiary;' 'traitor,' and other still, less complimentary terms. It will prove interesting to many who have nnt before 'seen ..it .:-!-'.' I''] must' confess there is-one^of; the attacks on/jrrie which excites in my mind a great deal of astonishment: . . . .It 'in .this^-the attack lately made at Taunton by Mr, Disiaeli. In the annals of political turpitude' there is not anything deserving of the'appella tion of blackguardism'. to equal that nt 'taek 'apun'.'tne. What is.niy Bcquiiintance with this man? Just this :? — In' 1831, or the beginning of 1832, the borough of Wickham became vacant ; I then knew him, hut not personally. I knew him merely as the author of one or two novels. He got an introduction to nie, nnd wrote me a letter'; stating that, ae I' was a Radical KeTormer, and uk ho was aUo a Radical, and was going to stand upon the Radical interest for the Borough of Wickhuni, where, he said, there were many person* of that way of thinking who would be influenced by my opinion, he would feel obliged by receivings letter from me recomr. endatbry of him 'ns a Radical. Hia letter to me was ao distinct upon the itubject that \ iiamcJia;*!y com plied with the request, and composed as good an epistle as I could in bis . behalf, lam in the. habit of letter-writing, sir, and Mr. Disraeli thought this letter so valuable that he not only took the auto, graph, but had it printed and placarded. It wua, in fact, the ground upon which be canvassed the borough. He vaa, however, defeated ; bat that wai not my fault. . . . The next thing I heard or him was, that he bad started upon the Radical interest for Marylebone, but wm again defeated. Having been twice defeated on the Radi cal interest, he was just the fellow for the Conservatives, and, accordingly, he joined a Conservative Club, and started for two or three places on the Conservative in terest. How is he'now engaged ? Why, in abusing the Radicals, eulogising the King and the Church, like a true Conser vative. At Taunton, this miscreant had the audacity to style me an ''incendiary!' Why, I was greater incendiary in 1831 than I am at present — if ever I was one ; and, if I am, he is doubly so, for having employed me. . . . What state of sociely 'must that be that could tolerate such a creature, having the. audacity to come forward 'with one set of principles at one time, and obtain political assistance by reason' of those principles — and, 'at another, to profess, diametrically, the re verse ? ' . . His name shows he is, by descent, a Jew. - His father became a convert. He is the better for that in this world, and I hope, of course, he will be the better for it in the next. . . . 1 have the happiness to be acquaiuted with some Jewish families in London, and, among them, more accomplished ladies, or more humane, cordial, high minded, lor better educated gentlemen,' I have never met. It will not be supposed, therefore, that when I speak of Disraeli as. the de scendant of a Jew that I mean not to tarnish him on that account. They were once the chosen people of God. There were miscreants among them, however, also; and it must have certainly been from one. of those that Disraeli descended.. He possesses just the qualities of the impeni tent thief who died upon the cross ;' whose name, I verily believe must' have been. Disraeli. . . RIGHTS OF PROPERTY OF MARRIED Women. — I must yet give you some information about the rights of property of married women. Both' real and per sonal estate may be settled upon a mar ried woman for her separate use, so as wholly to exclude any right of the hus band, and such a provision generally enables the woman, although married, to' dispose of it by alienation ; but this may be, and frequently is, guarded against by an express clause against anticipation, which, during the marriage, effectually prevents any alienation of the fund. A wife having a separate estate cannot.be compelled to contribute to the family wants, or to maintain her children. Although a married woman with her hus band can convey or transfer all her in terests in real property, yet neither she nor her husband can deprive her of any interest provided for her out of mere personal estate — funded property for example — to take effect on her husband's death. So that if you provide n portion for your daughter on her marriage, and Fettle it on her husband for life, and then mynur daughter for life, then to the children, y u may feel assured that your daughter will benefit by your bounty on her husband's death. Many attempts have been made in parliament to take away this security, and to enable the husband and wife to sell her life interest and so strip the woman of the provision made for her. These attempts have hitherto been successfully resisted, but a partial measure' has just been carried, providing that a 'woman may, by deed acknowledged in manner required by the act, with her husband's concurrence, dis pose of every future or reversionary in terest to which the woman, or her hus band in her right, shall be entitled in any personal estate under any instrument made after tho. 31st, December, 1857, arid relinquish or release any power she had, or her right or equity to a settlement out of any personal estate ; but this power docs not extc'ndto aiiy reversionary in terest which' she is restricted from alienat ing,. nor does it enable her to dispose of any interest in personal estate settled upon her by any settlement, ,or agree ment for a settlement, made on the occasion of her marriage— Lord St.' Leonard's^Hand Book. A Dhb.aw, or'DE.iTit Fultilled by' Feau.— A farmer's wife had been relating to me tbe circumstances attendant upon thir death of her father; and, as they bear acertairi degree. of similarity to the ' later incidents :bf A.A:.'s narrative of ?'. Lord Littleton and the Ghost,' they arc per haps, worthy of note, more especially as they would seem to bear out your corres poiident'i remarks, ' that the sudden re vulsion of feeling,1 from a state of fancied security'. torthe' finding' himself ? at the moment in the' very instant -f the dreaded danger, had caused aucli a reaction, as to bring on the fits which had carried him off*.' My informant- told me that 'her father was takeniH about Christmas time. Oiie night he 'dreamed, or, as ho sai(j, ??he awoke and saw' (wo men fighting . toge ther at the foot of his bed, one of whom told him that he would die on the ensuing 13th of Marc! , In the morning he re lated this to hia family! and bMh he and they made light of it. Ho, shortly after this, .recovered, and -when' the 13th of March came, he was apparently in very, good health. On thi evening of that day be referred to his dream; i-nd ' observed, ??: I ha\e done the ghost I' ' Don't be too sure of that.' -. said a foolish old woman who was nrenent ; ' it'a the new style now. and ghosts don't' know any thing about it.' They alwnys ' go by the Old Style !' and this villuge oracle ; told liifri' that it would not really be the 13th. of Ma'rch, (by the ghost's cnlendar), for if I remember rightly, twelvo days to come. The farmer laid this to heart, took to bed, and died on the very diiy predicted by the old woman, who, not withstanding that he ascribed the calamity to the ghostly' warning, would have met her deserts by a nummary conviction ' for ' manslaughter.' — -VWi and Queries, A Practical Meditation. — ' You are now going up the same steps where Pericles walked,' said Farnsois. Not only Pericles, but the curled Alcibiades, tho serene Plato, the unshaken Socrates, the divine PhidUs, Sophocles and X» chylus, Herodotus, and Themiatoclea, and— -bat why mention names, when the full sunshine of that immortal era atrearoa upon our pathway ? And what in it to nut th:it they hare walked where I now walk T Let me not be wheedled out of my comfortable indifrVreoce by tho ryth mie ringing of such names. The' travel ler cornea here exp«cting to be impressed by the associations of the spot, and by a strong effort he succeeds in impressing himself. Repeat the same name* for him elsewhere, and he will produce the same effect. But, for me, I em hardened against conventional sentiments ; I have seen too much to be easily moved ; I can resist the magic of ancient memories, no matter how classic. What is it to me that Pericles walked up these steps — that the gilded robes of Aspasla swept up these Pentelican slabs— that Phidias saw the limbs of a god in the air, or Sophocli Bchaunteda chorus as he walked ? They were men, and I am a man, too — -probably in many respects as good aa they. Had I lived in their time, I should no doubt, have looked upon them with out the least awe— have slapped them on the back, and invited them to dinner. Now why should their ghosts shake mo with weak emotion, and rob me of my cool judgment? No : I shall be indiffe rent.— Bayard . Taylor in Southern Europe.-. ' ?? -?-. ? ??? , . An Ikvbteratb Reader. — Shelly was always reading ; at his meals a. book lay by his side; on tho table open. Tea aud toast were often neglected, his author seldom ; hi» mutton and potatoes might grow c»ld, his interest iu a work never cooled. He invariably sallied forth book in hand, reading 'to himself, jf he was alone ; if he had a companion, reading aloud. lie took a volume to bed with him, and read aa long as his candle lasted; he' then slept — impatiently, no doubt — until it was light, and he recommenced reading at the early dawn. One day We were walking together arm-in .arm under the gate of the Middle Temple, in Fleet streel ; Shelly, with open book, was read ing aloud ; a man with an apron aaid to a brother operative, '? So, there are two of ) our damnation lawyers ! they ore al ways reading I' The tolerant philoso pher did not choose to be reminded that he had once been taken for a lawyer ; he declared that the fellow was an , ignorant wretch ! He was loth to leave his book to go to bed, and frequently sat up late reading ; sometimes, . indeed, he remained at hia studies all night. In consequence of this great watching, and almost inces sant reading, he would often fall asleep in the day-time — dropping off in a mo ment—like an infant. He often quietly transferred himself from his ehair ? to the floor ,'and slept soundly on the carpet, and. in the winter upon the rug, basking in the warmth like a cat ; and like a cat his little round head was roasted before a blazing fire.. If any one humanely covered the poor head to shield - it - from tbe heat, the covering was impatiently put aside in his sleep. 'You make -your brains boil By»she. I have ? seen and heard the steam rushing; out violently at your nostrils and enrs.'— Life of Shelly. 