'POSSUM PAPERS. (From the Month, for July.) I HEARD no more the rumble of the Strand: I inhaled no longer its substantial air. Squat, smutty devils clamouring for copy, blurred, lanky proofs demanding to be read, had vanished like a troubled dream. I had come down to my own wee watering place for a week's holiday, and sat at breakfast, the morning after my arrival, beside the open bow-window of my lodgings, dallying with a plateful of gigantic prawns, and breathing the luscious fragrance that crept lazily into my chamber from a neighbouring bean field. It was a heavenly summer's day. The sands shone broad and bare, for the sea was murmuring drowsily far away,--so far, that the white bathing machines stood, hopeless of tenants, high upon the beach: bathing-men and women, almost indistinguishable by garb, leaned half asleep against the taut cable- tethers, or clustered, smoking and yarning, around the capstans; antiquated steeds, with nosebags and bend- ing, broken knees, slept, standing, in the shade of the huge vehicles that, by a hard destiny, they had been doomed to draw, dreaming of the by-gone times when they were happy colts that never knew a collar nor a care, and spitefully switching off the flies that bit them ever and anon into a renewed consciousness of their dreary present; and light-robed damsels sat beneath the awnings, languidly skimming the light literature they had just obtained from the Bazaar and Circulating Library. Mackerel boats, sweating tar, lay sideways on the hot, blue shingle. Stranded wherries fringed the jetty, the long, black piles of which were blistering, and their drooping wreaths of mud-hued, bladder- podded tangled fast drying, in the scorching sunlight. The red ensign at the Preventive Station, hanging in unfluttering folds, was dyed in a more sanguine crim- son by the dazzling beams. The brass gun beneath the flagstaff, the goldlace band and gilt buttons of the Lieutenant in command, the telescope of the look-out man lounging against the canvas-covered gig, flashed back a trembling radiance. A focus of light glowed in the centre of each green panel of the flys upon the Esplanade. The polished buckles in the harness of the bearded goats, dragging child's chaises--with a sullen indignation at the ser- vile occupation in which their patriarchal, moun- taineer majesty was engaged--were all a-blaze. The sunlit, snow trappings of the saddled, panniered don- keys, ranged in row, made one's eyes ache. Every pane in every window facing the spangled waves was doing its bright best to vie with their anerithmon gelazma. Beyond the waters shimmered the coast of la belle France--a lavender-coloured cloud. And over all the glorious sky, unspotted save by a few gauzy streaks, spread its pure, peerless canopy of torquoise steeped in liquid gold. It was impossible to stay within doors on such a day as that, so, my plateful of prawns having dwindled into a chaotic heap of ferociously whiskered heads and pinkish-brown cuirasses--piled up like pyramidal trophy of his vanquished foes' exuviæ and skulls con- temptuously thrown together by a barbarian victor --I lighted a cigar, and sallied forth, determined to have a bathe. Sooth to say, I am a bit of a coward in salt water. I like not those huge hoary-headed billows that come blundering in with a savage roar, and knock you down, and then hit you again--the big, base bullies!--when you are down; driving all the breath out of you, blinding your smarting eyes with foam, and choaking your loathing throat with gritty sand and bitter brine. The Choregus of our Spasmodic Bards speaks thus of the insurging main:-- The bridegroom sea Is toying with the shore, his wedded bride, And, in the fullness of his marriage joy, He decorates her tawny brow with shells, Retires a space, to see how fair she looks, Then proud, runs up to kiss her. Cyril Tourneur (from whom, says the Athenæum, Mr. Smith stole the figure, and disfigured it in the steal- ing, as a knavish jock, to conceal his theft, covers the silky ooat of a stolen horse with sticky paint) seems to me to have had a far deeper insight into the cha- racter of the cruel, treacherous ocean, when he wrote:-- Walking upon the fatal shore, Among the slaughtered bodies of their men, Which the full-stomach'd sea had cast upon The sands, it was my unhappy chance to light Upon a face, whose favour, when it lived, My astonish'd mind inform'd me I had seen. He lay in his armour, as if that had been His coffin; and the weeping sea (like one Whose milder temper doth lament the death Of him whom in his rage he slew) runs up The shore, embraces him, kisses his cheek; Goes back again, and forces up the sands To bury him; and every time it parts, Sheds tears upon him.--Atheist's Tragedy. I recal my praise. Cyril didn't understand the sea. Pontus is never penitent. He does not weep over the man that he has drowned, but spits upon him with a dastardly disdain.--I repeat that l am a bit of a coward in salt water, and only bathe in it at times when it is calm enough to make you fancy that you may come upon the bright-winged halcyon's nest, floating--a tiny Delos--on the unruffled plain of gold-and-silver- shot purple. Such a calm brooded upon the sea on the morning to which I refer. The moist sands cooled my feet as I strolled over their wide flat, flicking the agile sand- hoppers with my towel; the wet seaweed corned the air with an invigorating fragrance. Having reached a spot sufficiently remote from the lorgnetted loungers on the Esplanade, I undressed, and took the water. The slope of the shore being very gradual, I had to wade out a long way before I attained depth enough to splash about in. Having played porpoise for about half an hour, I retraced my steps. The journey back appeared to me a good deal longer than the journey out, which I thought strange, as I felt sure that, when I entered the water, the tide was ebbing. Once more I stood upon the sunlit sands. Heu me infelicem! The tide had been coming in! Neptune had played on me the trick that Mercury played upon his mother. The sole relics of my raiment that, after the closest search, I could discover were my hat, battered and drenched, with which the little waves were having a game at football, and one foundered boot, the sand ballast in which had kept it floating away with its fellow. A dripping gossamer and a sodden odd Wellington consti- tute a somewhat comical and incomplete costume for a civilised Englishman. These, however, were all that was left me to walk in, through crowds of spec- tators, grinning or aghast, to my lodgings a good mile off. I thought of the "forked radish, with a head fantastically carved," and turned red as a radish, as I sat with drawn-up knees upon the ground, reviewing my position, and hopelessly sighing for deliverance. It was necessary that something should at once be done, for I saw white drapery in the distance, appa- rently approaching me. With a savage jerk I shied my useless boot into the sea, and then having plas- tered my damp hat on my head--the brim hanging down all round, limp and glossy as a just-landed water- spaniel's ears--I set off, at the top of my speed, in the direction of a thicket that peered above the shingle- belt that formed the boundary of the beach. In the boscage I resolved to lie perdu, until dusk should enable me to slink ghost-like into the town. A scream greeted me when I topped the stony bank. I had plumped into the midst of a merry picnic. The ladies rose from the grass with a whir-r-r like a covey of partridges. 2/ntpèaXÉoç S'avrijai ^¡ávr¡v, tceicaicuipivoo ií\¡tn . rplaaav 8'llXKvSiç äXkn lir'i)i6vaç irpobyobaaç. ' No Nausicaa took pity on me, but a brute of a stock- broker flung an empty champagne bottle at my head; and then, with a band of brother beaux, rushed upon me, evidently taking me for a maniac. I was almost mad by this time, and scarcely know- ing what I did, I jumped upon a horse--bare-backed and bridleless--belonging to the party, that instantly turned his head to the town, and bore me thitherwards in a wild gallop, his owners, and a crowd of rustics, that the strange spectacle had attracted, galloping after us in full cry. Under the most favourable circumstances, I ride like a tailor. How I rode upon this occasion, therefore, may be easily conjectured. Certainly, no circus ever witnessed such a "daring act of rapid horsemanship." Frantically clutching my charger's mane, I lay prone upon his neck, swinging from side to side like a shirt hung out to dry upon a windy day. My bare feet beat, like drumsticks, my Rosinante's ribs. So closely did I cling, and yet so perpetually was I on the point of being thrown, that horse and man together must have looked like a centaur in the pangs of revolu- tionary dissolution--the equine element struggling hard to eliminate the human from the joint-stock en- tity, that it might set up as an existence on its own account. At length, the horse suddenly swerved from his course, bringing the back of his head with such a crack against my nose, that in an instant, my breast was bathed in blood. We had reached a toll-bar. In the middle of the road stood the turnpike man, whirling his arms like a windmill's sails. Behind him, in a pony chaise, sat two old ladies, pale as ashes, and jabbering like apes. They were both fumbling at a huge gig umbrella, which they managed, at last, to open with a bang, as a buckler for their modesty. The pony, a shaggy, Shetland, kept looking round from them to me, with a twinkle in his eve that seemed to say, "My shafts and blinkers! Well! This is a go!" I don't know how long the toll-keeper would have gone on swinging his arms, or whether the old ladies would have stayed there all day, making prods into vacancy with their umbrellas (as if by that means they could get farther away from me), and exclaiming, "Oh, sister, Sarah, little did I think!" "Oh, Judith, what a most abominable man!" I don't know, I say, whether this dumb defiance and shrill objurgation would not have gone on all day moimeme gazing and listening in imbecile resignation, stupified meekness (such a churning had my wits got),-- if my pursuers had not made their appear- ance. At the sight and sound of them, I leaped from the horse (which for the last five minutes had been stand- ing stock still, as much astonished as any member of that strangely assorted company), and rushed, through the side gate of the toll-bar, into the town, which begins at the barrier. Just before I passed the National School, the clock struck twelve, and the boys came pouring out like swarming bees. They raised a wild shout when I dashed through them, and instantly were on my track. My sense of the ludicrous is keen. The idea of a gentleman, of retiring habits and the most scrupulous propriety, in a black hat but otherwise an Adamite condition, hounded to his lodgings, in broad noon, by a pack of little charity boys in green muffin caps and yellow leather breeches--was too much for me and, as I ran, despite the sinking shame and raging anger that I felt, I could not refrain from laughing loud and long. Those whom I met, of course, now more than ever, considered me a maniac. The fair strollers off the esplanade huddled terrified together, like pigeons in a poultry-yard when the kite comes swooping down. Children screamed, cabmen hooted, brawny fishermen, in big boots and red nightcaps, tried to stop me, but dodged and doubled, and, at length, I reached my lodgings. The front door was open--the maid was scrubbing the passage--I took her and her pail in a running leap--bounded up the stairs--and locked myself into my bedroom. I opened my carpet-bag with a wrench that almost dislocated its jaws, pulled out a shirt and suit, and speedily was clad once more from top to toe in British broadcloth. Little do those who have never lacked them know the inestimable privilege of breeches. I had heard, whilst dressing, a murmur round the house. When my toilette was complete, I stepped into my sitting-room, and peeped out between the blinds. A great crowd was gathered in the street. Presently the throng divided, and six policemen, with drawn truncheons, headed by a burly Superintendent \--the entire constabulary force of --------, marched in single file up to the front door. They were instantly admitted, and crept softly up the stairs. I saw it all. Those seven big fellows had come to take me, who could hardly lift a fifty-six, and without self-conceit, might claim more wisdom than the hepted shared, to take me into custody as a dangerous lunatic at large! I endeavoured to explain matters to the Superinten- dent, when he confronted me: in reply, he knocked me down. I spent the rest of the day, in a straight jacket, at the station-house, where the blue-coated blackguards had the impudence to shave my head. I should most probably have been transferred to the County Asylum on the following day, had not my good friend --------, of the -------- Circus arrived in the evening to make arrangements for the opening of the local theatre. Calling at my lodgings, he heard of my adventures, came to learn my explanation of them, made interest with the magistrates, and liberated me from my durance vile. I left for town next morning in a wig, and received from my facetious friend, in the course of the week, a parcel containing my recovered clothes, with this in- scription:-- "There is a tide upon the southern coast, which, taken at the flood, leads to the lock up. Miseri quibus Intentata nites. Me tabula sacer Votiva paries indicat uvida Suspendisse potenti Vestimenta maris Deo." ., 