LORD LYTTLEl'ON AND THS GHOST. Some years ago I mot an old gcutlomm of Bwell, in Surrey, near which is Pitt's place, whero his lordship died. Ho gavo me the following account, which lu had from a gentleman who was in the house at tho time. This person vra tho organist of a neighboring town, whoso company was mu:li cvar'.ed on account of his musical talcut, and who was a frequent visitor to his lordship. The story ordinarily told is this — that lie dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had seduced ap peared to him, and predicted his death at 12 at night on tho third day following. My informant's story differs only thus far, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother of the lady lu questiou, wlio Had died of a broken heart in consequence of licr daughter's dishonor. Lord Lvttletou was at this time in a very bad stato of health in conscquence of his excesses, and was subject to what my imlormant called ' suffocating fits' — probably nervous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his death, tha foretold third day, ha had a party of friends at Pitt's place, among whom was the organist, whence my informant had tha account. He says that Lyttleton was iu a stato of some agitation, and hid told tho story of his dream to his friends. As the night wore on and midnight approached his norvousnes» increased painfully; and somo of his visitors said during his absenco 'Lyttleton will frighten himself into another fit with this foolish ghost story,' and they determined to put.a clock, which stood in iho ?room, forward, and when ho returned to them they said, 'Hurrah! Lyttleton, 12 o'clock is past, you'vo jockeyed the ghost ; now tha bost thing is to go quietly to bed, and in tho morning you will be all right.' He accordingly went upstairs ; and while somo of his gue»t- were putting on their coats to depart his valet came dawn to fetch something— it was said to get some mint wator^-whicli ho was in the habit of taking, leaving his lordship' nlono. At this pc-rioJ tho clock of the parish church, which was not far off, and which of course could not have bsen touched, began slowly to peal forth tho t ue midnight hour. The valet proceeded upstairs, and shortly burst forth into loud exclamations. Tho party ran up and found his lordship had fallen dead. My informant's impression was that the sudden re vulsion of feeling from a state of fancied security to finding liim-elf at the moment in tho very instant of tho droidod danger had camed such ^ a reaction as to bring on tho fits which carried him off. He, no doubt, had 'heard the first stroko of tho clock a? well ai others downstairs, ind as cach successive blow struck slowly upon the bell, tlio sense of danger and tho remembrance of tho dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a frame and so discasad a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. It is not improbablo most ghost stories might be found to end in a similar natural solution. — Notts and Queries. Meoiianios' Institution. — A meeting will be hold to-morrow Dight at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Dunolly, ;o take steps towards forming a Mechanics' Institute. That of Carisbrook is going a-liead very favorably, at d wo dare to prophesy' a flourishing institution will oi.e day bo tho result of tlw present humble beginning. T1 ey havo about a hundred subscribers, at 7s. Jfid. a qi arter, and already liaya received somo valuable donations of books. Tliey take in Bevoral English papers and magazines, as well as tha principal colonial journals. They hire a comfortable houso at a moderate rent, and the inhabitants of Carisbrook, when they aro so inclined, can pass their evenings intellectually. Probably Governmeut will give them a grant, and in the courso of a year they may liavo a buildiug of their own. This is an example worthy of bsing followed in other towns destitute of similar institutions. — Mary borough and Duno'ly Advertiser. The New Diggisqs beyond Lock wood —Several parties have returned, during the last few days, from their wild goose chase to the nowly discovered dig gings, alias, Captain Mecliosk's, and from tho accountB they give / wa should be very loth to rooommond our readers to visit them, though au'auriferou3 reef, near that discovered fcy tho same proapootor, has been found, and from specimens wo have seen w not un likely that it will provo payable, — Tarrcwjower Times* 