PARLIAMBfliT. Qt NEW 80OTB WAMS-1 LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. " _ TXJBSDAY. NOVEMBBR 23. THE SrEAKUM took the chair ot twenty-seven minutes psst three o' clock. PAPERS. Mr. CO WPER laid upon the table of the House the undermentioned papers:-1. Despatch, dated DownhillBtreet, 9th September, 1858. respecting the continuance of the Australian Steam Postal Service for t wo months beyond the period first agreed for. 2\. A paper addressed to tho Government of Now South Wales by Messrs. John W. Brett and J. ii. j Carmichael, proffering the establishment of Oceania Telegraphic Communication between Australia and Ceylon, upon certain conditions, for payment of in- terest upon the capital employed in the undertaking. Ordererl to be printed. THE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE COLONIES Mr. EGAN rose to move,-" That thia Home, having had before it tho despatch of the Right Hon. Lord Stanley to his Excellency the Governor. General, relative to an Act to incorporate Saint John's College within the University of Sydney, resolves,-1. That the proceeding of the Right Honorable the Secretory of State for the Colonies, Lord Stanley, with reference to the Act aforesaid, is an undue interference with the action of :the local Legislature, and is cal- culated to cause dissatisfaction among the various religious bodies in this territory. 2, That this House deprecates in the strongest man- ner persistence on the part of her Majesty's imoerial advisers in a course, in connection with the said Act, inconsistent with religious freedom and equality in New South Wales. 3. That the foregoing rf solutions be embodied in an address t0 the Governor-General, with a request that his Excellency will be pleased to transmit a copy thereof to the Right Honorable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, for the informntinn of her Majesty the Queen." The hon. member said he wished xt to be distinctly understood thot he had no object to serve in taking these resolutions out of the hands of tho hon. and learned gentleman who intro- duced the question, for that gentleman wss muoh better able to deal with tho subject. His (MT. Egan's) motive for undertaking tho moving of the resolu- tions was, that the House should not sepa- rate without the resolutions being prominentlj brought forward, and much as he regretted the neces- sity for introducing them to thc HouBe, vet he felt tha< there was no possibility of ovoiding them, inasmuch os it WOB o duty of that House, for itself »nd the eountry, that the qu'estion should be settled in eom< shape. A bill was passed "by the unanimous assent o both Houses, and received the sanction of the Gover- nor-General. No objection to the measure was rñsec in the Assembly pr in the Council. It apDeored t< him that, such being the circumstances, o case arosi when it was the duty of the Parliament to remonstrati against any interferr-nce bv the Secretary for tb Colonies with measures affecting tho interests of thi community ir» this colony, more especially whet passed in such a manner as was the St. John's Oolleg Bill. (Hear, hear.) The Secretarv of State mighi consider uniformity of practice desirable in England but it contd not be considered desirable OT necessar here. Ic was not requisite that he (M' EgRn) should detain the House by referent to the legality of the bil?, as that had bee: dealt with in a satisfactory manner by th hon. member for Argyle on a previous occasion, bu with respect to tho correspondence he might say th« the dates themselves would show that it was unjust! fled, and further, in his estimation-not oreditoble They were led to believe from the past history of publi matters in New South Wales that a question of thi character would not call for the discussion of Parlie ment, especially after the passing of Sir Richar Bourke's Aot ; yeors ago they wore led to believe thc some religious equality might be expected, and unde such circumstances few could have antioipsted a suV ject of this kind being now introduced. But it wi the duty of the House boldly to «SFert its right wit regard to legislation on nil public matters, ond pai ticularly in regard to this one, which, ia'hil opinior deeply affected a large portion of the community, i least one-third of it. It must be borne'1 in mind "tho whatever some hon. members might and .had said t the contrary, it mattered not to any wbt were the religious principles of those who mainl supported the motion, they wera such as al of whatever persuasion, could assent to withov injury to their sect; indeed, one hon. member, t .whom he had spoken upon the subject, deserved tr credit for liberality of feeling in having said that 1 believed that the resolutions were such sa the How ought to support, and would not be justified in rejec ing them. He regretted that hon. members shoul come to a discussion npon the subjeit with their mini made up, resolved not to pay attention to argnmen either one way or the other, or prepared to count oi the House or move the previous question. But 1 hoped such a course would not be taken on this occ sion ; and, further, he trusted that tl.e Governme: themselves would see tho necessity of supporting tl resolutions, for the sake of the dignity and privileg of the House. The only way to satisfy the people New South Wales was to allow them to exercise the religions lights in any woy they might think propf and call their religious ministers by any désignant they chose. He only hoped the House would _ de ' with the subject in that liberal spirit which it evinc in dealing with all other questions affecting t interests of the community-in a calm, dispassionc manner-and if they had any bigoted feelings he hop they might be left at home. The hon. member on 1 left (Mr. Arnold) seemed to fear that the Pope won some day come here ; but he need not be afraid of s thing of the sort, as, if he came here, so for from doi him any harm, the Pope would pray for him. 1 begged to move the resolution standing in his narai Mr. DENIEHY seconded the motion. Mr. R. CAMPBELL said some of his observatic made upon the occasion when this question _ was fi merly before the House had been deBlt with in unfair way. His observations with reference to t former resolutions were, that tho movers did not ts up the broad question of civil and religious libel which, as pTofesEed advocates, they ought. His obj tion to the resolutions ot present before the-Hoi was, that the true principle was not brought forwi in them. The dispatch which called forth th resolutions only notified what was i principle which actuated the Secretary State in not giving assent to the bi That ho was to blame, he (Mr. Campbell) admitted, he had not brought under the consideration of 1 Majesty's legal advisers the opinion of the J torñey-General of the colony ; ? and ai ther matter for which he was to blame i for acting upon the assumption that New South We was not governed by responsible Ministers, and t it was not in the power of the Government to nci the way Lord Stanley had mentioned. Although conceived this was objectionable on the port of L Stanley, when they came to look at the merits of th resolutions they found two matters called in questi It appeared that the Crown was the fountain of hone and under and according to the Constitution of Gr Britain the Queen had created in this colony a cor] rate body under the name of the Bishop of Sydn under which authority that personage acted ; i which he (Mr. Oompbell)believed was according to li He thought no one but her Majesty had a right appoint these corporations under the law, t that therefore it was objected tn0 ' acknowledged au archdiocese of which she did : approve. It then appeared that the Bishop of Sydr had received from the Queen's hands a right of pre dence on public occasions, or before the Govern General ; but it also appeared that the Ron Catholic Archbishop had also precedence given him. Thus, if his Oatholio fellow-colonists were far satisfied with \he power of the Crown to give p I cedence to their Archbishop, he could not undereti why they should quarrel about the power of I Crown, in her Majesty objecting to an Archbishop this territory, whom she had not created. His vt ¡ which he intended to give against the resolutions, ï I not to be taken as an act of determined opposition the Roman Catholic body, for he thought his ai ! since he had become a representative, would sh 1 that he had principles which led him the reverse wf in fact, if anything had been laid to hi» charge, it i that ne had too friendly and kindly a feeling Roman Catholics. And he must say he had kind affection for them, and great respect ; f also hod great respect, and would seek to support t respect, for the country. He would give evety n gioua toleration in the widest sense of the term. Mr. PLUNKETT said he was afraid the cha brought against the hon. Colonial Treasurer's bene lent weakness would now have the effect of mak; Him show his friends that he had not so kind a leel for Roman Catholics. Ho (Mr. Plunkett), as one the Roman Catholics-and he believed every Ron Catholic agreed with him upon that point-thoo; this a matter of vital interest, and its settlement inc pensable to the government of their Church. If it that they had noe religious equality, and had been i der a deluuioa for many years, the sooner the delus was removed the better. If there was not tm gi' equality, in the name of Heaven let, it be known ¡ , it ff ns upon such a question BS thin it could be s< iTho were ihc frltads of religious cqusUiy, ii he waa glad they had an opportunity of putting ?noh a test, as a pretended friend wu worse than an open foe. Let them look at th« circumstances upon which the r»Tiu' ions were based. A. bill which had passed almotWfc ?nimously through ita previous stages went in the reeular way to tke Govemor-Gmeral, «nd the Attorney General having advised that it was a lcgat bill, it passed. At thia stage it appeared that the Bishop of Sydney objected to ir. Perhaps any other bishop in his position would make the same sort of objection ; but what he (Mr. Plunkett) objected to, was that he did not come before one House or the other when the bill was before the Legislature. They could not believe that he was ignorant of it, nor did it appear that he was absent from the colony when the bill went through it« first, second, and third readings in the Legislative Council. Now, thin St. John's College Bill was made for Roman Catholic*, therefore there could be no mis- take or uncertainty abnnt the meaning of the tem " Archbishop," as it was evident that he would be in connexion with the Roman Oatholic College within the University of Sydney. The mention of tho word " archdiocese" in the preamble had no force, that not being an enacting part of the bill, but to lead to no' confusion he would have drawn it up> differently, although as it stood it waa the same os if. "Roman Catholic" was before "archdiocese." The other objection was in the fourth clause, where the " Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney " was men- tioned. But there he was fully described, so that he could not be mistaken for any other bishop whatever, although there was no other archbishop in Sydney. Then about the prerogative of the Crown and th» fountain of honour. It had in former times been hi« sworn duty not to allow any infriogement upon that prerogative, and he would exact it now as strictly as when it was his special end bounden duty to do io. He had on a former occasion alluded to other coun- tries-Canada, Mauritius, &b.-where; this question had been settled ¡ and there waa no other way of set- tling it than the one they had adopted, for the power, of tho Pope, politically speaking, was de- funct; Therefore none could be afraid of tbs power he had exercised ; but ho mutt exercise it as long OB the Catholic Church existed, for it was impossible to prevent it. It wa3 not prevented in the time of the penal laws, when the fiery faggot and the gallows were opposed to it. The Irish bishops and their dioceses still existed, and the priests had their parishes. They were never interfered with ex- cept in England, when that sort of ohurch government was abolished ; yet though th? prelates of the church, afterwards became mere delegates of the Pope, the limits of their jurisdiction were none the less distinctly , defined. The word '* archbishop " occurred in St. Paul's College Bill, and most have been put there for a purpose, or it was unnecessary. Besides, other sects, not perhaps yet among the colonists, might claim th» ? right to have such a church government as woulJ re- quire the recognition of a bishop ; ind?ed, »ueh a caa© would arise with regard to the Moravians, whose bishops were appointed in Germany. And if objectionable in the present case, the same objection would exist - exception would be taken . against any appointment by foreign anthoritv. The principle, therefore, not only affected the* Roman Catholio Ghnrch. but all beyond its pale. There was no hon. member in that House would protect the pre- rogative of the Crown more determinedly or mor» firmly than he would ; but he believed the prerogative had nothing to do with the conferring of rank and dignity in the Catholic Church, and it would be un- fortunate for the country if the House sanctioned such, a principle. Lord Stanley might ba considered one of the young and rising liberals of England ; but there was a difference between liberality there and here : toleration was called liberality there, but toleration was not applicable to the state uf things here.- It was a most dangerous expediunt,Wd, looking to the future, a most objectionable principle, to allow the Secretary of State to override a bill parsed unanimously by both.' Houses of the colonial Legislature ; and which, if it should come back, would, no doubt, be passed in pre precisely the same shape as it now stood. Mr. ROBERTSON said they had heard two speiohes, one from the honorable member for the North Riding (air. Plunkett), and the other from the honorable member for Sydney (Mr. Campbell), and he supposed it would be admitted by the House and the country that no two gentlemen possessed a larger share of the confidence of the people of the two different sects of religion to which they belonged than those two gentle- men did. But he had been surprised at the grounds taken by each of them-he had been surprised that in their claims for equality they had stopped at points that suited each, entirely forgetting that there wai a large body of people of various aeots who were not placed in a position of religious equality in this country. A great majority were opposed to any State aid whatever ; and that being tho ease; was this the way to discuss resolutions of this kind ? Honorable members hrd been under the impression that the people of the colony had religious equality, but that they would nevtx have unless tbs connexion between Church and State was severed. He thought the view taken by the hon. member for Codk and Westmoreland put this matter in its right . position. The reason why the Bishop of Sydney ought to take precedence would be, that he was recognised as the head of the largest seet of religionists in the coun- try, and the Roman Catholic Archbishop would take precedence upon similar grounds, namely, as being the head of the next largest sect. That reason appeared liberal and unanswerable. Although he (Mr. Robertson) should vote for the resolutions he could not help saying that the hon. member bringing them forward ought not to take much credit for liberality; as neither himself or the supporters had taken thoroughly liberal grounds, by placing the reso- I lutions in the present shape. What would have been I expressive of more liberality would have been résolu-. I tions leading the House to affirm ito opposition to I S¡ate support to religion or any religious preferment I whatever. I Mr. FORSTER regretted that, when the hon. mom- I ber for Argyle introduced his first series of resolutions I upon this subject, he was unable to vote for them, I and on grounds very similar to those advanced by the I hon. Minister for Lands aud Public Works. But on I this occasion he was happy to suy that the resolution! I before the House disclosed a common ground upoa I which he could meet the hon. member, and extend lo I him the right hand of fellowship. (Hear, hear.) I The reason why he felt compelled, although reluo- I tantly, to oppose the former resolutions was that they I mixed up, in a confused and unnecessary manner, the I spiritual and temporal functions of the various I churches. He thought they had no right whatever I to commit themselves to a recognition of the spiritual I jurisdiction of any denominaiion, nor yet to introducá I into the discussion, for the sake of argument, matter» I of religious dispute such as those alluded to I by the hon. and learned member for the Sonta I Riding. Indeed, he thought that hon. and learned I gentleman's arguments rather told against him th«a I otherwise, and was calculated to excite anything but I friendly feelings either within or without the walli of I the House. The hon. and learned gentleman in bi« I allusion to the "faggot, the chain," &c; , had made a I direct attack upon the Protestant Church-the one to I which he (Mr. F.) belonged ; therefore, if his remarks I should be at all disagreeable, the hon. and learned I gentleman would have no one but himself to blame, -rn Mr. PLUNKETT said he only referred to the sub- I ject as a mere matter of history, and not by way ot I ? argument. . I , Mr. FORSTER admitted that history shou'd be tm-. I partial, and therefore if the matter were left to be de- I tcrmiued by history, he would undertake to prove that I for one case of persecution perpetrated by the Pío' I testants, there were nine cases of the same kino I chargeable against the Roman Catholics. (Hear, I hear.) ..ri Mr. PLUNKETT again disclaimed any idea ot I . making use of a mere historical fact for the purpose of I twisting it into an argument in the present case. I Mr. FAUOETTalso rose to order, and deprecateä I any pointed allusions to the persecutions of past timei, I although under other circumstasces he might be pre- I pared to show that the number of persecutions on tai I part of tho Protestants was fully as many as that oe I the Roman Catholics. I Tte SPEAKER ruled that the allusions of the hon. I gentleman (Mr. Forster) were scarcely pertinent to ta» I question. ."I Mr. FORSTER said he had no desire to castre- I ? flections upon any body of religionists in particular, ?» I . he always believed that a dominant Church, whether I it be Roman Catholic, Protestant, or any other denoan- I nation, was the source of numerous evils to the com- I muniiy. (Hear, hear.) As for the resolutions under I ; discussion, he particularly agreed with the first,, ano I ; thought every hon. member in the House onght to 1 agree with it. He entertained so firm a belief m toej ! entire equality of all religious sects in this colony thati I he would not consent to any legislative proceeding li I which was in any respect calculated to call that greatl ! principle into question. (Hear, hear.) Buttbe reaii principle at issue, and the one whioh he conceiveai they were bound to assert on thia occasion, was mel total independence of the local Legislature to decwiel upon matters which concerned them locally. ^J"1!-" the federal position of the Legislature with regard toi I this matter demanded that they should ket-p them-l' selves free of interference from without, vhetneronii 1 the nott vi tae Imperial or »ny other authority. Foil; I this reason he contended, that the Act incorporating I St John's Oollege ought not to have been .tampered | I with by thc Secretary of State in the manner it had fl been. He agreed, however, with the hon. Secretary I for Landa and Works, ihat in the consideration of this 1 question sufficient prominence had not been ff riven to the probable and speedy separation, of Church 8 ¡nd State in this colony. If this separation was so I close as some hon. members Beemed to imagine, how 1 little was the influence the present Legislature could I exercise in determining tho ecclesiastical question in $ volved. (Hear, hear.) For his own part he believed I that the House had committed a grievous blunder in I boththeOoliege Acts -he alluded to the Act incqrporat I ing St. Paul's College, as well as the one incorporating St. John's. He thought the House should hive ! avoided any recognition of titles conferecí by the Queen CT any other potentate without its sanction, ex- cept in so far as it might he necessary to make use of those titles descriptively. No doubt it would be per- fectly tight under ordinary circumstances to acknow- ledge the titles of bishop, archbishop, fte., byway of courtesy, but in matters of legislation he would adhere to such terms as head of the Anglican or Roman Catholic Church, commonly known as *' Bishop," or "Soman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, es the case might be. (Hear, hear.) Such being his opinion, he contended that both the Acts in the points alraáed to ought to be -amended ; bur, as he said before, h ¡6 chief reasons for supporting the resolutions before the House was the necessity of ?asserting their Tight to sell legislation. Mr. MARTIN w«3 astonished that on advanced liberal like the hon. Secretary for Linds and Wnrlcs -should oppose the adoption, by particular religions denominations, of such terme BS bishoprics or af ch . bishoprics, seeing that they could have no effect on the ordinary "Governtse nt of thecsuntry, and his (Mr. Mar- tin's) opinion waa-and he thought it was quite consist, ent with- constitutional law-^that thelcgwlature should recogwine those ecclesiastical distinctions which eaoh church thought proper to recognise for itself. ('Heat, heap.1) In the ^Church of Scotland'there were eider», presbyters, moderator, &a.;, and in the Church o: England, bishops, deans, -deacons, &c;, so with thc Ronoan OaihoKc Church, and -yet the Legislature d: the country recognised all thc9e titles, in "fae! it was only by these titles tho: thefceads of the varieus denominations were legally known. (Hear, hoar.) It appeared to him that th< whole muter loy in a nutshell. If it were ossertet that the Pope or any other foreign power could no create a temporal jurisdiction within this colony, -th« assertion would be correct, because in temporal matten the Queen and the legislature exercised -exclusif* jurisdiction. But in spiritual matters the case wai very different-inasmuch BB, under the Constitution .ll- denominations of religionists were equally recog- nised, and, as a matter of course, each denomination wo» allowed to exercise exclusive spiritual jurisrliciior within its own Church. Thus, no particular class o ipsraons was injured, and no entrenchment wai attempted on the temporal powers of the State. Hat: the Pope the ¡privilege of conferring a temporal juris diction on a bishop iu thia colony, which would hov« the effect of coercing a subject of the Queen into thi payment-of even ono shilling in support of foreign rule, then he admitted there might be Borne ground for tho objections taken to the Act incorporating St John's -College. Sut OB no such a thing had beei contemplated, nor was ever likely to occur, he was un- able to perceive any force in the argument odvancec by hon. members against tho present motion. Th( head of the Roman Catholic Church in this colony wa denominated, of course, in a spiritual sense, thi " Roman Catholic Archbishop ot Sydney," and h would esk whether any one who advocated religiou equality could conscientiously object to the exercise c such a discretion, seeing that the title had no effeel spiritually or temporarily, beyond the partícula church of which thai prelate was the head in this co löny. (Hear, hear.) For instance, what was to pre vent the General Assembly of the Church from par celling out, if it thought proper, the whole c thia colony into districts, and deBignatini eioh according to -its own ecclesiastics forms, or, if it desired, to change it ecclesiastical policy, what was there to prevent thc body from naming such district a bishopric or an arch bishopric î (Hear, hear.) The hen. member who las spoke had argued that the time was not far distar when a separation would take place between Churo and State in this colony. He (Mr. M.) did not agre with him, nor did he wish to see Buch an event tak place. If there' was a body of genilemen the beneficie Influences of whose services upon society depended o their education and training, and their status in th social scale, it was the clergy of the various denomine tions. Instead of being one to withdraw the Stat support now awarded to them, he was inclined to thin that if a proposition were made for increasing it"h .iïhould give it his oordial support. (Hear, hear.) After a pause Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL said : I thinl Mr. Speaker, the people present are very few. (Ol .h.) I therefore call your attention to the state of tl: House. (Laughter.) The SPEAKER, therefore, counted, and findit there was not a quorum present, he adjourned th House until three o'clock to-morrow (this day). THE CITIZENS* RETURN BALL. TnB Citizens' Fancy Bress Ball-that customai annual response to the pleasant hospitalities of oi principal civio magistrate-came off last night wi' considerable eclat, at the Prince of Wales Theatr being numerously attended by the beauty, rank, ni fashion of the metropolis and its immediate neig! bourhoo'd. Hundreds of persons really alive to tl pleasure of dancing to excellent and exhilarntii music, or (if, unfortunately, for some reasons or otht debarred therefrom) capable of thoroughly apprécia ing the delightful spectacle afforded by a large co course of picturesquely attired people enjoying thei . selves, had, more or leas, for some days previous, an: eipated an agreeable interruption to the loo prevale monotonous dullness of our social existence. Aud th ' again, once more, in the annals of our progress a« commercial community, by unanimous consent, lar . numbers of influential citizens turned joyously asi out of the beaten path, and marked, like Horace, an ther brief apace of time to mere relaxation and amue ment-disregarding all anxious thoughts of businei and setting aside that languor and ennui which are i often incidental to the daily increasing heat of a rapid advancing Australian eummer. An energetic and ol committee, fully awakened to tho important nature the charge they hod assumed, determined that t Return Ball to the Mayor of Sydney-a man so offal »nd BO deservedly popular na Mr. J. Williams-shou be an unquestionable success, and entirely did th achieve their purpose. As an entertainment was fully equal to any one of its predecessors the same class, and, to some of them, undoubted superior. The theatre was carefully boarded over in the UBI manner, so OB to form a handsome and spacious be room, the pillarB and front of the boxes being throug out tastefully decorated with flags, foliage, a flowers. By the plan adopted, the whole depth of I building was made available, no supper-Toom be: Esrtitioned off as in the hst ball. Pendant round I ody of the house, at equal intervals along the boxi were the flags of various nation«-those of Gr Britain, France, Hamburgh, the United Statis, ! other maritime countries,-and amongst them drpo¡ the pretty white ¿nd blue folds of two large ensign! New South WaieB. The stage front and its immedi vioicity WBB tastefully ornamented ;-in the cer was the Royal Standard, and on either Bide of groups of British, American, French, i foreign flags-conspicuous amongst these be rthat renowned pavilion of which ùave all heard so much and seen so little-the A , the Novara ; and this reminds us to notice with ^probation the ready courtesy which distinguished commodore and officers of that fine frigate-the i belonging to their nation that has ever visited th waters. They had kindly promised to permit tl splendid band to perform during the evening, at requesiof the committee of management, which wo of course hove been a great acquisition ; and orchestral corps thereby afforded, combined with popular and admired bands of the gallant Twelfth i Royal Artillery-for which'thanks ate due to Cole Pérceval and Captain Lovi-11-would have contribu towards that grand, rapid, and unceasing volume harmony which was one of the principal features ihe evening; unfortunately, however, the Budden dißposition of the leader of the Austrian band, \ vented the guests from enjoying the pleasure of hf lng their performance. To complete the scriptum of. the hall-room, ic will proper to state that the back part of the st wss canopied over with Turkish and Swedish ooloi with the stars and stripes of the Union on the i «ide, and th« Ensign of St. George, with Rusii Sardinian, and Dutoh flogs, on the biher. Surmou ing an entrance into a pleasant recess, nt the furth extremity of the room, hung the Hawaiian, Prussi and French flags ; and over all the word " WBI.COM in large letters, cleverly formed with flowers. 1 whole reflected great credit upon the taste t ingenuity displayed ; principally due to Messrs. K ?nd W. H. Walker-the latter gentleman, we belie the same person whose style of decoration at »he! July banquet ms so generally admired, The arrival» commenced" at about 9 o cloeV soon after which the Bight Worshipful the Mayor and his lady made their appearance, and were reccived by tne assembled guests with empressement and cordial, re- spect. Dancing thên began with considerable spirit, and waa afterwords kept up with Utile or no intermission ; numerous panting revellers of both sexes from time to time repairing for that refreshment which their continuous and lively exercise rendad indispensable, to the side-tables, where means for trl8 revival of their flagging energies awaited th'jm, and where-between and during the da'lCe many a laughing coterie assembled. There was of course an extensive and heterogeneous chotea-of char- acters present,-fanciful, national, and hUtorVjal ; some j going back to the remote era of the Crusades, and ; some not farther than the gay, and, if report says true, rather dissolute epoch of pearl powder, long boddices, i and stiff bright petticoats during t'ao last centnry ;. when our revered great grandmothers were giddy thoughtless girls,-courted by foppish young gentle- men who went awooinf; with ).'itlle pigtails on their necks, »nd short straight sw'ords by their Bides. The combinations of attire amontar, the general throng of guests and dancers were sufficiently auaint and <>dd. Kings, knights, soldiers, dpbardeurs, Turks, saüors, Sparistrds, Shylock», et hoc genus omno, amongst the gentlemen; whilst, amidst the fairer sex, the -variety and brilliance oí the costume was absotutely bewildering, the description of which must reluctantly be le'ft to other pens with greater leisure ¡ and ability to chronicle each passing excellence. A merited and curious difference waa readily observable between those who wore foreign costumes-when real and when assumed. The natty little Frenchman, so perfectly and, so joyou«ly at home everywhere-and .especially amor.g his Australian friends, where he is always cordially welcome-WBB dancing (5c méchartt) .more than once with the otgoct of his passing admira- tion, some «miling Hebe, who was at once amused and .gratified with his resolttte determination to be per- fectly irresistible. The Austrian, toa, made polite advances to the Golden South, and gravely danced with the daughters of Australia, until he danced him- self into their good graces, ? and they heard for the first time all about the last grand f6te at Trieste, just beforo the Novara «ailed, and were entertained with briefand somewhet unintelligible sketches of what had been seen and done during a certain long and scientific voyage. A stately méditerai looking personage-what on earth he waa intended for we cannot conceive-overheard this, and grumblingly 'told ua all about it over a sparkling glass of champagne. Besides these parties, our readers need scarcely be told that many gentle swains of Australian, British, and American parentage, were, as far as could be judged, not less'pleasantly engaged, or in -any degree leas devoted, or less successful in making themselves agreeable. Tout cela basans dire. The more solid portion of the refreshments provided for the occasion did credit to the care of Mr. Bettmann, by whom everything was prepared and laid out with taste and elegance-the viands being excellent. The wines and other beverages also did ample honour to the gentlemen by whom they were supplied. AU the refreshments were liberally partaken of by the asstn bled ivisitora, who seemed well satisfied with the whole affair. As regarded the dancing, when it is said that the immediate arrangements were under the able super- intendence of Mr. Clark, the master of the ceremonies, it will be readily surmised by all who know that gen- tleman that he.acquitted himself in his difficult office with his accustomed ease and urbanity. 'Out of doors the police arrangements were entirely satisfactory, under th* energetic and watchful attention of Mr. In-. spector Singleton. Towards three o'olock the assem- blage began to thin, but many were still dancing vigorously when we went to press. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. TUE BISHOP'S VISITATION. THE Lord Bishop of Sydney held his primary visita- tion yesterday, at St. Andrew's temporary cathedral. Divine service commenced at ll a.m. The usual morning prayers were read by the Rev. George King, A. B., incumbent of St. Andrew's parish. The str mon WBB preached by the Rev. William Hodgson, A.M., Principal of Moore College, the text being Acts xx. chap., 28th verse. The subject of the Christian ministry WBB handled in a very able manner by the preacher, and the Church of England may be thankful that she possesses for the training of her candidates for holy orders one whose views of the sacred office are so comprehensive and exalted, and who is able to expound those views with so much clearness and eloquence. After the seimon, the roll of the clergy waa called,, and the following gentlemen answered to their names :-The Very' Rev. W. M. Cowper, Dean of Sydney j the Rev. Canon Walsh ; the Rev. Edward Synge, Bishop's Chaplain ; the Revs. T. Hessa), M. D. Meares, H. T. Stiles, T. O. Ewing, T. Horton, H.¡H. D. Sparling, Thomas Sharpe, Edward RogerB,. W. W. Simpson. George AV. Woodd, R. L. King, Edward Smith, George King, W. B. Clarke, 0. 0. Kemp. George Vidal, H. Ting comb, J. S. Hassall, G. F. Macarthur, James Gunther, William Sowerby, Percy J. Smith, William Lisle, Charles F. D. Priddle, R. H. Mayne, Frederic Army- tage, T. Donkin, Thomas Wilson, John Elder, Foster ' AshwiD, Alfred H. Stephen, George E. Turner, E. J. Nixon, T. H. Wilkinson, P. P. Agnew, A. B. Soares, Edward Forde, Thomas Druitt, William Allworth, T. W. Unwin, Wesley Farrar, Abraham S. King, G. Merton, W. Drake, G. "W. Richardson, AVilliam Stack, William Hodgson, Elijah Smith, Hulton King, William Gore, Joseph Cooper, AV. R. Croxton. Toe Rev. Canon Allwood and the Rev. E. Procter were absent on account of illness. The Revs. J. Allan, 0\. H. Rich, P. G. Smith, S. Fox, Grahame Fox, J. Young, R. Potter, J. H, Garven, J. Troughton, C. F. Brystocke, R. Barker, H. T. Palmer, D. P. H. Halbert, W. Coombes, George Gurner, J. A. Burke, were ab- sent on account of distance. The Bishop then proceeded to deliver the following charge, which occupied about an hour in the delivery, and was listened to with the deepest interest throughout. My Reverend Brcthcn, Four years will soon have elaptcd «ince, in tho providence of God, I was callod to fill tho solemn and responsible office of yoar Biahep. I havo not ventured to call you together at an earlier period, from feeling that I waa not In a position to offer any but general views upon Ibo subject of tho ministry of tho word and tho nature of our common work. Suggestions intended to direct and assist tho spiritual labourer in this wide and important field should boar tho impress of ex- perience. But now, having, under tho Divine blessing, been permitted to visit tho whole of my diocese onco, and some moro important localities twice or thrice, I may hopo that tho result of my obser- vations wilt tmvo tho effect of encouraging you in tho work of tho ministry. The timo of the approaching conference also appeared to bo ono suitable for convening you in thia, theancient and customary manner of our Church. Without putting you to additional incon- venience, I nave tho opportunity of aadrcsatng you upon subjects which naturally interest a Bishop and his clergy, while I may, ut tho samo time, advert to one or two points connected with tho Synod. Our present circumstances call for tho exercise of a prayerful and wutohful spirit. Wo greatly need tho help and direction which come from above. Moy tho gracious Spirit vouchsafe to bo our comforter and guide, that, being led by nim into thc way« of truth and peace, our counsels may issue in tho stability and edifi- cation of tho Chutch of tho living God. Before I proceed further, I wish to express my sympathy with those of the senior clergy who were accustomed to hear another volco on thoso ocoastona, and to listen to the gravo and affectionate counsels of my revered predecessor. I ana conscious that bv some of you, my reverend brethren, the changes which time and death havo made since you were last called together must bo painfully felt, lt ia my desire that nothing may bo said or done bv mo which 6hall needlessly increase that feeling of regret. Wbilo I conscientiously maintain those opinions which, for moro than a quartnr of a century, I have publicly professed, I havo that regard tor tho memory of tho lato Bishop, and that admiration of the catholic spirit of our beloved church, which will, I trun, prevent mo from promoting a spirit of party in thut portion of tho Church of England over which, in accordance with thc laws of tho realm, I have been appointed to priis.de. , Tho memory of thc late Bishop may well be had iu honouT throughout thc province of Austrulia. Ills zeal and diligence, hû ltigh-minded »nd disinterested sacrifices, tho foresight disohived in thc formutiou of new dioceses, tho patienco with which ¿e met difficulties of bis position, aro well known to mc, and although it waa not my privilege to be numbered among his personal friends, tho opportunities I have possessed of becoming acquainted with tho excellencies of his character and tho primitive .virtues of his life, have Inspired mo with a genuine and affectionate regard for tho first Bisâop of Aus- tralia. Precious, also, is thu memory of ono whoso miuistoriul course was coeval « itu tho history of this colony, tho Venerable Arcndeaoou of Cumberland, ff is inilutnce will long bc felt and ht« remembrance affectionutly cherished in tuc city wheío hí dwelt for fifty years- llcspectcd and beloved by rich and poor, he closed a life of activo piety and Kniform consistency in tho calm assured hope of everlasting joy. ' The ltev. Kobcrt Cartwright ia another whose ministry was cirly and diligently exerolaed in tho colony, who has passed awnv from among us. " Your fathers, where are they I and the nro Phets, do they livo for overt» They Ure in their labouraïin. tho inipiasa they have left upon the Church and upon society at hirite and .their removal may remind us that tho real value of tho phrtetlin ministry ls to be estimated by tko results whioli it leaves behind. Our course thruugh lifo should not be trackless, like that or a ship upon tho waters, but rather resemble one of those enduring monuments or skill and industry by which the Bomana SW "? fUntrie8 1ai 8Ubdu<-"1' « »sosc aqueduc" by î£Î h ^7 lci/5rcam,8 of uviîb' ?st(!r !mo lhe )lMr' ¿f tho cities they bad lounted. Tho record of our ministerial liio will bo on high in proportico as wo havo opened to others the pathway of ovorlas lng lifo,; or havo brought tho blessings of JMvlnc grace with all their salutary and refreshing inlluences to th« homra and hearts of our people. Jho last words of tho dying Bishop evinced wititÄSÄ"?^ ?f W»"^".-" Tho earth sbXe filled with tho glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea." May wo take up this theme, and in pur appointed spheres give ourselves to the great work of imparting to our fellow men tho light of thelknowledgo of the glory of Go.1 in thc person of Jesus CbriT Thc external condition of tho .Church in this diocese will ba better understood by adverting to thc period of my arrieal, in the month of May, 1855. At that time theVumoor of clergy Jjcensed toaoure of souls in the diocese of Sydney was forty-four. Of ! three, six ¿aya fjnee died, resigned, or returned tb England. Tho number of üergv is now seventy-two, «nd sines one of t ose Introduced int,-, the diocc»e within »re« ymrj hw «rf, and ono ther return«', to Rnutand- wo may say that the number o. ola gy ha« been no-¿riv doubled. , , . . ,, .,"_" Thc number of uddMonolplaeesof worship whloh hove oeen comnl<.'"od?a^l v" »arno Umo ia »bout forty. Of these, twenty are ÄnlutonoTbrtcSVildlngs; »«ÄhÄÄ rna ¡sh parishes that on? mtntstratuns belotig to the country in which « »"placed, that we »te nat simply tho c ergymenof thoTfwho aro will ns to accept our sr.rvlc«a, but of «ll who need SSS and° to Mt r&ct; WW Wat¡repto»* rt»«» sometimes cast upon us that they wno are or no SÄnWl« irtU «y they bclorfr to «^«^-^Kb7, »ht» thnOhurch of Enitland- fi infc-uth our commendation, tor lt exornes ttr^, mfldence of tho pwple that If others neglect thom 3mU nnt, but shall consider thom as In our Pro'mce*nd of our charge. Wo should not r rsl satisfied until in. every Çartofthw colony tho ministrations of a clergyman are plaocd at '.ho service of everv man who requires tmd who desires them. Tho Cathedral is prWdlng-satisfactorily towarÄs its comple- tion. In the prospect of its being ere loner opened Tor Divino ser- vice, I/navo deemed it expedient to take another step towards tho organisation of our Kcclcslnniicat system, by the arro'lntmcnt of n Dean under the powers conferred by my letters patent ¡ and in conformity with ancient ralo und tho recotttmcndatlon of the 'Cathedral Commissioner!!, I havo given to him nrcbldoaconal authority in tho city and Miburbs-nn arrangement from which I hops that much practical benefit will arise. 'Kic state of our primary schools is a cause fif much anxiety, ana tho question of education genorully ls one which ought to bo ?settled without further delay. There has been a considerable improvement In tho character and attainment-of our tcjchers, and 'If tho sum granted by 'Government had been in proportion to thc numbers educated In our sohools, thero would havo been no lnok of funds for school buildings. At present W3 labour under three gTeat disadvantages? tho stipends of our teachers arc of less amount than those given in tho schools of the National Hoard ; wo .uro unable to supply our schools with proper apparatus and furniture ; and If tho members of tho Chnrch of England desire to erect a school in any locality, they are obliged to supply the neces- sary funds without receiving any Government assistance what- ever. I cannot believe that these prlevnnces will bo permitted .to remain unrcdrcnccd, more purtloulirrly atneo tho pion pro- posed by the Bishop of Newcastle and myself, and approves by thrco iraeccssivo admlnlmrations, basin its main features r>eon pat forth by thc National Board in their scheme of non- vested schools. It'wonldon every account bo satisfactory if those questions were set at Test «nd our attention exclusivity devoted to tho Im- provement and extension of ocr sohools. It is an alarming 'con- sideration that numbers of young persons In thc moro remote pastoral district* are growing up without tho means of education being placed without their reach. Muny of the existing schools appear to bo wholly ronovod from any direct influence which tho Church can excrciso over tho edu- cation given in them. This Is a great evil, and ïranghtwitt disastrous consequences to the religious character of tho -rising generation. The exclusion eT religious instruction must havo t tendency to produce religious ignorance. Nor ls this state o things Improved by teaching onr ¡youth that all form« of rellgior aro alike g <«d ; In this case indifference to any religion at al is oho most probable result. Thcrods,-however, one period in tho lifo of ouryoung- peopli which should be rcgardcd&s; a mosfcpreolous season for impartinj religious knowledge, and strcngthlng religious prlnclplca-ifriueai the lime af their conirmntion. Thio is n golden opportunity, ant should bo diligently »nd prayerfully-used. Tho Instruction might In most lnstunces, extend «ver several weeks, and tho attendance of thc candidates ot the-classes arranged for their convenience wo'ild bc a test of their sincerity in entering upon tho-colemi responsibilities of Church membership. : Thc instruction should not be confined ta lectures or addresses birt should "bo particular and catechetical. In somo instances questions might bo answered In . writing. From , m; own experience, I can affirm that no labou I gives 'so nmplo and satisfactory a retun ns that which ii bestowed upon our young enteohumens. As w ; sow we reap, and though to the conscientious pastor the«naictic .of this season arc great.>yet ho who continually and prayerful! presents 'to the minds and applies to tba hearts of bis ,youm . charge the weighty and savin«: truths of the- ßospal will fin tltut promise fulfilled-" they that sow in tears shall reap 1: S havo been gratlfiedby what 'I havo witnessed at some of th confirmations in this diocese, but my observations would lead tn lo conclude-that many moro of our young persons ought to iprc sent themselves for confirmation, omi that marc detailed an systematic instruction, in classes arranged nccnrcKng ta tho cir cûmstancos and attainments of tho candidates, indésirable 1 may also be found practicable to retain some of the catechumeni in classes, after their confirmation, for tho purpose of conttmrln 'instruction which has reference to tho sacrament of tho 'Lord' .Supper. Confirmation ÍB preparatory to the rtception of that orrlinanci but tho truths connected with it are.so many anddraporUint thal in some cases at least, lt would be «-ell to giro thc young cute I ohnmen tho opportunity of sjecoming fcmillar with those portion of Soripturo which treat of repentance, faith, and'low, as well » with thc nature and moaning of that sacrament by which w i continually commemorate tho sacrifice of thc death of Christ oe '«tora. Ono of tho great advantages wo shallrcap from this us« of eon firroatton is tho supply of teachers for our Sunday schools. Th intimate knowledge we acquire of the obtruder and capabilities < tho young persons, epnblcs us to forma judgment of their sui: tibíenos» for such au office. And wherever this is found, it is mei 'desirable that an opportunity should be afforded ot angsging I some work which calls forth Christian effort. A well-conductc Sundsy-schnol is an institution in which teachers and'taught ai allko benefited. It becomes a cen,tro of religious llsiit and life 1 the whole parish, for its influences extend to all who areintorestt in its success, and as teachersor pupile, these may comprehend tl members of moat of our furalllos. In preparing the young for confirmation, we must be frequent reminded how little of religious truth is kaown, or has been r< tained from tho instructions already received. It may noi alwaj bo possible to trapo-tte causes of this failure.. It may bo that ot public teaching has not been characterised by great plainness speech, or by that earnestness which interesta those who ceo th wo ourselves aro interested by that evident desi t» »in the souls of our hearers which elicits their sympathy nur endeavours on their behalf. A prayerful dependence upen tl promised ireSuenoe of thoHolyGhe.it may havo been wanting but whatever tho causes of tho ignorance of our hearer*, the pal fut fact continually meet« us that even some of tho most rcgul attendants upon the ministry of tho Word, who for the time outs to ho teachers of others, havo need to be Instructed in tho fi« prinoiples of the orados of God. Now, though tho ordinance j Breaching is undoubtedly of Divino anpointment, yet ns its su ? ¿ess may be said to depend upon tho manner in which wo uso a very weighty responsibility rests npon us, Ia respect loo i public ministrations. If there should be ony nogligcnco in tho preparation ai , arrangeaient of our discourses, or defect In tho monttcr'of thi I delivery, if they arc wanting in matter or pointless in style, if tb aro rather essays upon religious topics than earnest arldrest ¡ to our hearers about tho salvotionof their souls-if in tloctri ! wo do not fully exhibit the Saviour as tho first and the Inst,' t all and in alt ; if in morals wo confino ourselves to gencralitii I and do nat descend to those particulars of which lifo is milo ti wc can hardly expect to interest our people, and if wo fail intorest them they may as well bo deaf or we ourselves bo dun I do not mean that it moy not please Almighty God to work very feeble and often by what to intellectual persons may appe tobe contemptible means; but these two characteristics w ever bo found in il successful ministry of the Gospel. An earni desire for the salvation of others through tho knowledge of t Redeemer, and a prayerful dependence upon tho Holy Spirit God. Where these aro thero may bo little eloquence or arg ment, or learning, but thero will bc tho persuasivo power of o who loves his fellow men, and believes that cten life may ho imparted through the message whi ho is commissioned to convey. The Horatlan max is as true of tho preacher's ns of tho poet's skill-Si vis me fl dotendtm esl primum ¡psi tibi. " Wc believe, and therefore we speak," says a dlvinoly-lnspircd teacher of the Gospel. Let I fundamental truths of man's ilnpravlty and weakness, of Chris love and of tho Holy Spirit's power, of the eternal misery of I lost, and of tho present and everlasting joy of tho saved, bo Arri rooted in our deepest convictions, and bo nurtured by tho c< tinual study nf God's Word and prayer ; let ns proparo our ii courses and preach them with tho feeling that death nnd life ¡ in the power of our words, and wo shat! assuredly save some. You aro pleading with men for their souls. Your adversar aro many and skilful, and naturally you (ind little response in hearts of your tu-arere. What prayer, what anxiety, what v [ dom, what study of individual character, what experience of y i own heart, what knowledge of tho world, w researoh into tho history of tho past, should brought to this worn I Tho greatest powers the mast gifted men aro honoured by their application to I labour nf winning souls ; wbilo bo whoso gifts aro small, i whose talents aro few, will surely find that thc diligent and o sclentlous uso of them is accepta. and rewarded by Ulm who entrusted them to our care. You will observo I consider that our success in this ns in i other work is, humanly speaking, dependant upon our own tcrest in it, and the extent of this interest will bo in accorda with the character of our personal religion. An undevnu I worldly-minded man can hardly bc a successful teacher of DI' truth. Ills ability and oloqttanoo may attract an audience, men uro not marlo tho son« of God by " the will of man or tho . of the flesh." " Remember," says one, " tho well of Syd and Ulm who sat and taught there." If our vessels are filled ft thence, wo shall be enabled to dispense the blessings of spirit life to thoso tiroundns : having ourselves received the gift of C we shall be in a condition to impart to others tho Hcavi treasure. Like our ' Divine Master, wo shall seizo u\ opportunity which our position and our circumstances mav o Hy tho bed of sickness, in the house of mourning, ia the oity by the way, wo shall endeavour to bring our peoplo to the ko ledgo and obedience of Christ's Word. Our opportunities of 1 fulness, my brethren, aro indeed many and most fnvotirubli this colony. Wherever my duties load mo I find that the visit a clergyman who desires to make full proof of his ministry, greatly valued. Tho chief complnint in somo places is tliut clergy are so few, in others that their vl-ite aro so infrequent, dlfllttulty or regular parochial visitation ls indeed irrcut, but : not insuperable, und to all of you I would affectionately rei mend the consideration of his cxamplo who, night and day, three years, from house to house, ceased not to warn every and teach every mun, tho whole counsel of God. Pas visitation, Sand visitation of the sick form, ns impôt portions of our duty as the public ministrations of the sanctt Thc nrrangemunts for them should enter into our daily lifo, should consider tho best modes of discharging4 them, and sh conscientiously adhere to them. It is not indeed practicabt even desirable, that ymir intercourse with your flock shou! confined to that which ls strictly mlnlstot lal ; visits of » f ric nnd social character must bc interchanged, but let not the p forget that all his communications with Iii» pcopleshouldovcnti lead to these great ends-their own salvation, nnd to bis evei lng joy in their union with the Lord. lu carrying on this you will find that there is much need of that ns.sist.mea whie piom members of your congregations aro able to give. In parishes every congregation ought to supplysomo district vis In the early Church there were "helps," oswell as "go' mcnts ; " and if a Priscilla could labour ia sho tho eloquent but Imperfectly taught Apollos a excellent way, and If the ApoBtlo raul u gratefully recognised tho work of those women who laboured him in tho Gospel, lt would appear that such visitors nu found in thc female, as well as tko malo portion of tho cong lion. District visitors, carefully selected, und affection guided, will HU un.that Bp.icc which too often and too wide' paratea the rich from the labouring classes. They convey i motion to tho pastor concerning tho sick, thc young, nnd anj require his special attention. They can retid to tue aged ar firm, can distribute tracts or Ufoful publications, nnd, by thei fluenco and sympathy, help to unite the scattered fragmei our churches into ono hat montously working wholo. The Cl of England has lost much ground by not using tho mat ? which her resources could buvo supplied. Whcro, werna' I of many of our larger congregations, are tho labouring eli While it is well known that - manv of that middle which exercises io Important on Influence in colony have departed from us, and joined other commu which held out to them tho expectation of greater eyniy am) common ground for aotlvo exertion in the cause of God. Wo can only tccover our position by tho use of those i which originally would have enabled a»' to maintain lt. Ii schools wo must he teoobcrs of tho young* In our bible c we must endeavour to retain those who hare left tho schoc the youth of a higher «lass, or those who have no other opporl for instruction. Wo mJist bo found wherever sickness and sj call us. Each port pf our parish must know »8 known by us, J3y puree t'« of life, ihoorrnptiWM ot doetrinp, hy the knowledge ne à mw from the soiirea of tmlh, by tho pmln and eaTitea. deoh.ratiou or that tratft .0 other», by tho IToty Ghost, by lovo unfeigned, wc mutt endeavour to bring meit into the fold of Christ, and into thc ] bosom of His Church. Vhero are diUlcultica and hindrance* peculiar to this colony. Tho fluctuating character of «n activo population, which can hardty afford thc time necessary to re«ive an Impression ¡ the in dependeno«, bordering upon unwillingness, t» yield even a rea- sonable submission to authority ; tho want of thone common ties, which, by rei-idcnce and long acquaintance, unite tho pastor with bia flock at home, doprivoua of many of tho advantages which thc parochial clergyman iu an older and more settled country 0nx°hero are evils common to all countries and all ages, but the vic« which ir. U»U colony ia moat fruitful in producing every kind of misery ia undoubtedly in temperance. .",,., Tuc devastation caused by thia one sin is beyond all calculation. Ilomovo .his, and it ls hardly saying too much that in doing eo vou remove tho greater part of tho criminal oases which come before the manistrales, und relieve the Benevolent, Destitute, and Lunatic Asylums of thc majority of their inmates. Many efforts have from timo to time been made to remedy thia evil of intemperance, arid our sympathy and aid rmy very pro- perly be given to the schémas which good men hare set on foot for this purpose. " . ... Some give tho example of wholly abstaining from everything which ordinarily produces intoxication, and others hove advocated a law prohibiting thc «do of ardent »"irita. Dy our own example of strict temperance, by privately admonishing known offenders, by public teaching, bj petitions to tbe Legislature, something tnav be done... .. . With reference to thia sin it la to bo remembered that a great and beneficial change has tolson plano in tho upper classes of .ociety ; and if publio opinion has been able to britug about a social reformation in one sphere of life, wo bavo reason to hope that a further and moro extensivo good may be accomplished under tho influence of Christian teaching and example. In adverting tn the difficulties which tho Church of England has to encounter in this colnny, it is impossible to overlook the fact that a larga proportion of tho population belong» to tho Church of Home. Tho Church of England, as a faithful Protestant oommumon, will alway* find itself lu opposition to tho Church of Borne. Wo cannot expect that it will bo otherwise, or that our pretest against tho assumptions of the Bishop of Itomo will ever be needles«. Since the days in which ow Ï01 ofatbers cleansed the sanctuary, and »turned to the old paths, preserving tho ancient order and rule, lltllo change and no improvement has tuteen placo in tho doctrines. taught by tho Church of Rome. Tho decrees of tho Councit of Trent, and the recent addition to tho orecd of the artiolo of tho immaculate conception, moro than justify iho ohargo of corrupting and perverting tho Word of God, brought by our Reformera against tho Churoh of Itomo; and unless wa aro pre- pared to exchange our Scriptural light for her darkness there never can bc pease with Home. In saying this, t am bymo means to be understood aa desiring thai a war of 'Mliglous controversy should bo commenced. And yet I would not have you lay aside your weapons because tbort is no immcdlulo or apparent need of them. An acquaintance with tho Romish controversy doe» not imply a lovo of controversy, ot that Scriptum! instruction is to be superseded'by tho introduction of polemics. 'But asan u.jainting, so in our teaching: it may bi desirable and even necessary that the light of truth should bi exhibited against tho dark backgrounder error. I have alrsady referred to another of our dangers which may bl expected to oriso out of that very desire 'i'or union whioh in < colony such as tnis overy wiso man will cherish. I mean indiffer enos to diciincUvo Christianity, and apathy ia tho extension o divino truth. It ts a abort and easy way^of getting rid of-what politicians havi called the religious difficulty, to treat all religions alike. Bu persons »rho adopt this principio cannot bo cxpcotei lo feel any real earnestness upon tho subjec of religion. True Christianity drawn from'tho Scriptures admit of rio compromises. .It cannot, say that they who deny, and the; who bellovo the divinity, the incarnation, mi thc atonement c our Lord, «ro alike secure lu their hope for (Enmity. It docs nat teach that ono man muy bo j ustiflcd oy faith only ii the merita of tho Redeemer,-and another ¿y hts own inhered righteouseess. In all matters belonging to tho soul's salvation, its language i " hu thatia not with me ia agiinst mo " Now, to maintain and act upon tho principle of religious dcci «ion in a mixed community may expose a person to reproach or t loss, and ho only who has counted tho coot, and is prepared t puy lt, will venture to encounter tho inconvenience and peril < f,Ho wing the Lord fully. I am not slnyuUr In m j apprehension thai-rollgious indifferent and apathy is one of our dangers. The same observation ha been made in other quarters ; and although-etrife may be an cvl yet occasions will arise «hen truth can only fcc preserved by Con tcntion ; .yet if we abandon all we bold for the aako of poaoc, w may be itrtlangor of denying that faith which was onoo delivere to the Church. Our safeguard ngainst this danger is distinctive religious teach lng. ? Our people should not only know why they aro Christians an Protestante, but why thsy uro members of tho Church of England flo who has learned to lovo tho scriptural faith os shewn in ou articles, tb« apostolic order, tho devotional spirit, and tbe reason able services of our Church is not likely to wander from bc fold. Tho real itrosperity of tito Church of Englanfl in this colony wil however, bc found in the spirituality and union of her membcri in her Increased devotednoos to tho work which, awaits us here, i the extension of our endeavours to supply tho spiritual and educs Monal wants of the country, and in short by all means seeking th good of all. Tbls is our duty. Wo arc*not hero to please ourselves, but oe Heavenly Master ; not hero merely to perform the duties whio belong to our professional chatacter; but to odin thia world sue aa our divine exemplar waa, to bo those disciple» of whom Ho ha said, " Yo aro tho salt of the earth, ye aro tho lights of th world." Our commonicatinns with thoso around usmust be salatarj healing; and sanctifying. Wbcn mon hear our decidnos, they mu« bo lcd to Christ, as Him in whom all fulness end overy hope c salvation ia found. When they soo our walk and conversation they should feat that if they fellow us, wo Bball#nide them safel to a heavenly world. My Reverend Brethren,-This is your big ond glorious minston. It ia your privilego to percutido mop to b caved. You havo an undoubted commission ; you have faithft «promises of direction and help; you bare tho testimony of you .hearer»' consciences, when your work is carried on with th . highest degreo of earnestness and vigour. Let mc exhort yo never, to loose tho testimony of your own consciences, tba .your work ia thus carried on. litre ia and for your ministry, fo : this ls, indeed, your happiness and yonr life. The olergyma whese tiuio and thoughts aro wholly taken up in his sacre calliag, "is ono of . tho . happiest and most usefi of men." Iiis is truly an angel's life-unwearied serváco and un oomtisg' praise Tho benefits ho canfora uro of tho highes! value ! thc friendships he ferma aro of tho most intimate and endurin character; while his own sptrtiual progress isone of the means b whioh the Church ia-ediSed. Ho ha« his sorrows, anxieties, an sufferitgs, itis.truo, but they arc the marka of tho Lord Jcsui and leai to Inward conformity and clorer union with Him, whil his joysarc heavenly. He has meat to eat of which tho worl knoweth not, and in his way through the wilderness of this worlc he drinks of that river wbos? streams make glad tho City of God My Reverend Brethren,-In tho contemplation of tho work o tho ministry "wo are forced with tho Apostle to exclaim " Wh is sufficient for these things 1" Who, indeed, feeling himself to b an earthen vessel ls fit to bear thia treasure of tho Gospel t otherB t Our sufficiency is of God. With aim thero ia mercy fe the past and grace in tile future. Wo may "do all thinp through Christ which strcngtheneth us." To Him, therefore, li us betake ourselves one and nil, praying that He would blot 01 our many transgressions in his own most precious blood. That H would give us an abundant supply of thc spiritual strength w noed. That as Bisoops and Clergy, as Pastors and Teachers, w may havo the iniquity of our holy things forgiven, and our feob] services accepted for his treal name's sake. It bas been customary on these occasions to make some obscrvi tiona upon tho external condition of the Church. I havo not muc to offer upon this topic. The services of thc clergy, even if contint to tho members of their own denomination, which they aro no aro of far greater value than the few thousand pounds by whic they are remunerated. The paymenta m&do; by the Governmoi to the clergy aro, ia my apiolan, an inadequate expression of tl State's obligations to the Church. Arid yet I seo no advantage any party in the discontinuance of thoso payments ; while vei groat inconvenience and personal distress would arise from the cessation. Tho Churoh Society has lu some measure supplied the want increased Civcrnmcnt support, und been thc means of pinch twenty-three additional clergymen iu different parts of tl country. I trust that young men will bo found in the coloi ready to devote themselves to tho work of tho Ministry, and avail themselves of thoso advantages Which tho collegiate ai theological institutions of St. Paul'», and ilooro College, offer candidates for holy orders. i The Confereneo of tho clergy and representativos of tho lai which is about tu take place, baa for its ultimate object thc esta lishmeut of a Diocesan Synod. I shall not anticipate Ula disci: sion as to thc best modo of bringing such a» assombly into acti operation ; but trust that our endeavours will issue in placing i temporal condition of the Church upon a basis satisfactory to all. There may probably bo some difficulty lu arriving ut cl< and satisfactory conclusions upon this subject. Wo aro unused assemble togetner in Council. Wo aro collected in this colo from every part of her Majesty's dominions, and have yet to loa how fur wo agree, and wherein our differencca consist. I havo four, however, for tho result. I believe that God vi hoar tho devout prayers of his Church, and that proportion ns we aro actuu'cd by a desiro thc extension of tho Redeemer's Kingdom, wo may exp his blessing upon our undertaking. Thuru are certain ques'ii respecting our Ecclcsiastloal arrangements, whioh it is desira should bo settled, and it will be well that the sympathv and ansi ' unca of tho wholo Church Bhould bc called forth, anil to evi member his proper work assigned. I Ia discussing subjeots of this nature differences of opinion \ arisa and must be iiuticipatcd, but let us remember thut wo ¡ brethren, seeking tho well-being of ono household-that wc partners whoso interest is really tho same. Lat us leave to men of this world struggles for reputatlun and influence, and s that general good whicn ls advanced when private interests' i feelings uro subordinated to a desire for tho extension of Church of Cnri*t. Let it ulso be borne in mind that wc aro mc bers of the United Church of England and Ireland, that belo parent under whoso nurture and admonition wo have attained our present place and privilege Let, u3 b0 faithful ¡ dutiful to her, endeavouring, in any adaptation of ordinances to this land, rather to work into tho anci model which she presents, than to seek, in other communions t which seems to bo more spcciuus in form, or moro promising ita professions. Cun»idering what the Church of England and Ireland is in United Kingdom, the vigour sho hus displayed in tho last 1 century, her vapid increase, her missionary effort, tho wonder exertions made at homo, her iidaputlon ol herself to tho wants the population, il must bo admitiod that if wo in Australia arc follow thu example, activity, energy, and liberality alie has ¡ we have yet much to eommenco. Wo »hull mako moro oombli and systum.i tlc elforta for tho eduoitiun of members in tho inter where young children grow up aa ignorant na tho aboriginies. shall mukc some etfurt for tho aborigines themselves'; wo shall imitation of other eocietits, seek the salvation of the South Isländers-we shall »end our catechists and missionaries into lowest portions of the city, wc shall seek out tho sailor in ship and in his lodging, and shall endouvour to supply spiritual wants of every forcigucr, bo ho German, or Chinese Malay who comes to these shores;, we shall reviso our educa »chemo, nnd shall include in it the blind, tho deaf, and tho du Wc shall.tuko the child into thc infant school, and bring bim for thc Lord, nor leave him at any period of hia education with the knowledge of thu Word of God. Tho influenco of tho Chu wilt thus be felt in every part of this colony, and by overy meit of our communion. My rovcrend brethren, let us aim at thia noble end. Let ns be slow in nuvbing, or weory in sustaining the clfortB whioh required fir tho causo of God, and Tor tho wcll-beinc ol n Lot thc love of Christ constrain us. Let our charity bo oom] hcnsivK, our brotherly-kindness tender and condescending. : word, "Lot ta do good unto ul! men, specially unto them who of the household of filth." Let us often meditate u the tiaturo of thut work which Ood has given to perform. Lot us by tho regular and freqi study of God's Word seek to become qualified as workmen I ncjd not to ba ashamed. Abovonlllct uaoucrisha spiritual a pruyorful frami of mind in referonoe to nil wo design or The Almighty Gud U our refuge und our hope, and dependí upon Ulm is our strength, AS wa betake ourselves to him find thu help und guidaiioe wo require. May tho spirit or g and of supplications bo abundantly poured out upon u*, rail our affections ami fixing them upon heavenly things, impar to us tho mcokness of wisdom, the patience of. hopo, tile luoou I love, and enabling us to look to the return of our Heavenly Ma as the consummation of all our joys, j «' Wherefore, my beloved brethren, bi? vo stedfast, immovci alway« abounding in the work of the Lord\ £>rasmucb us ye k tilal- your labour ÍS I)9f In vain ia the Lord " 