PIOKINGS FROM PUNCH. A SEREN'ADE TO THE COMET. Mb— 'uom'e gentu. ' Comet genteel ! Pray, how do you feel ? Is't anno vine to bear* ? - 1 no popular sure. You are spied and pursued In a manner most rude, For every night We at you take a sight. We watch your movements, Comet, as though you were the Queen, And stare you out of countenance whene'er you're to ba seen. Comet, ladies genteel Can bear a good deal Inthewayof a stare, If their facoi are fair ; But possibly you Dislike being on view, And perhaps our rule gaza Makes you red in tbe face. If yon would 'scape our staring Comet, wear a veil; Ur get your friend tbe Dog-star to bite off your tail. THE COMET AND THH BRITISH ASSOCIATION. Sicrrox, &o.; Scisxtific Boftooskbt.— A lecture on tii-i subject of the Comet was delivered by Professor Miller. The lean ed gentleman said that cometa wero so called from ' Coma,' not a state of insensibility, but ? a bead of hair ; though a comet deemed to partake more of the nature of a fox in regard to it* tail, which was a decided brush. The denser portion of a comet waa termed a nucleus, or kernel ; but here was a kernel without a shell, which reminded him of a colonel in tho army; and association of ideas suggested the remark that the present comot was situated below Ursa Major, and beneath the Pole star— a star which, on account ot the Pole, must be a convenience to the Great Bear, whoso climbing propensities were well known to tha . members of the Zoological Section of that Association. The orbit of a comet was an elongated ellipse, which puzzled even American astronomers to calculate. Tho revolutions of some comuU could bo predicted with considerable certainty; and perhaps those comets might bo compared to certain despotic States. Ilalley was the first to foretel the reappearance of n cornet, and has thus achieved a lasting reputation among philosophers, which is preferable to what Mr. Carlyle calls the temporary hallelujah of flunkeys. The present cora-'t was named Donati's comet, us another is called Encke's comet, after the name of iu first dincorerer ; and, though a comet was of small u-;o to its owner, it gave him a title more iilwstrioua than that of couc«, or count. The scientific lucturer, whose discourse had been interrupted throughout by indignant murmurs, was greeted at its conclusion with a storm of hisses and groans, which he acknowledged by taking a Bight at his audience, who, in return, pelted him with orange peel. HEAL MAttClt OF INTELLECT. Mr. Punch says' that there can bi no doubt of the ul timate success of the American or even Australian Te egraph, when ho leflects that by means of a small Wire, intelligence, will actually be brought, at no distant date, into the Mansion House. NUTS FOB TOOK HEX. It costs a dtal of money to bo rich, and It is a ques tion if so much is worth so little. After all, is woalth worth the cost, first In acquiring it, next In supporting it, and lastly- , iu hearing up under it, when yuu hiivo lost it? ' EVENING FASHIONS. Emily— Shall you dress much to-night, dear? Lilian— No— as llttlo as possible— 1 am going to a, ball. CIVIC SORCEKY IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. Looking with a prophetic e.ve into tho middle of tho next hundred years, we see quotml tinder the abovu title, from the Times of tho 1st Instant, some proraeJ ings which occurred tha d ly before in tho Court of Exchequrr. Tbe rutw Lord Mayor had been elected on Goose Day, according to Bo&sonable; custom, and tlm Sheriffs for the year ensuing wero chusun on the noxt. ihey were then taken to the Exchequer Court to bu shown aud described by the Kocorder to tliv Chief Baron, after which the following invocation was tittered by the Common Crieo* : — 'Oyes! Oyesl Oyes !— Tenants and occupiers of a piece of waste land calltsd the Moors, in the County of Salop, come forth and do your scrvica upon pain and peril that shall fall thereon.' Future nges will conclude that tho above summons . was addressed to certain spirits— fays, elves, fairies, pixies, or demons and Himds, supposed to liiiunt the Shropshire waste, deirtninated tho Moort). The utte rance of this magic formu'a may be lrua-;ineil to havo been followed by the appearance of a number of imp* In the Court of Exchequer, rising, mo to speak, from tho Court below, brnudisliinf; torches, nnd dancing louiid aud about and along with the lawyers. The narrative, which would fit beautifully Into Glan vil's ' Saddiiclsiuus Triuruphatus,' proceeds to sot forth that— ' Then Alderman Carter, th» sauior Ahlennau below the Chair, took two sticks from a bundlo lying bafcuru - him on the table, one of which he cut with a hatchet aud the other with ft bill hook.' These mysterious operations ar.i precisely the sort of ucLs which wiilers on the occult sciences prescribe, as necessary to bo performed iu order to work spell* and raise ghosts and devils. A second address, apparently directed to thn invl*ibtu world, was then delivered by tho Crier, who cried— ' Oyes ! Oyes ! Oyes I— Tenants »nd occupier* of n. certain tenement called the Forge, in the parish of 8L Clement Dauea, Middlesex, come forth and do youc service.' From the mention of tho Forgo in tho foregolug call. Salamanders would seem to have been the particular spirits whose appearance, was commanded, and tho species of magic that appears to hnvo been practised msy be inferred to have bean tho Uosicruciau. Another strange ceremony was thon pi-rfurmod :— ' Then the uamo Alderman counted some Iiorse^otM lying before him.' In o dialoguo befwoen Alderman C-irter and tko Queen's Remembrancer there came, next, and finally, tlw following Incantition :— ' Keincmbnuicer— How inanr havo von ? Aia-rman— aix s.inc.s. 'Then the Alderman counted tho nails. ' Kememuraiicer — How many have- you ? ' Alderman -Sixty-ono. ' Remembrancer— That is a gnoil number.' There U tomeiliing particularly improdsiro In tha f'rit-f oracular declaration of (lie itumcuibrancer. If ho had said, 'Sixty shall achieve; ono Khali deceive 1' his word* would havu been not more mystic If more ominous. They are- equivalent to ' l'rubalum eat?' They smack, of tha genuiiu sup rnatur&I;, and might , have been fitly succeeded by thunder, or the Bound of a, Kong. The conclusion of these unhallowed procflwUnija must, It may bo thought, have been awful. Did tiio fiond fty away with the whole p.irty of wizanU and necromancers — Aldermeu, Sheriff*, Crier, Lawyers, and all ? Not so. Tho sonno of civic sorcery ended iu quite a natural consummation : — 1 lie recorder then Invited the Chief Baron to dine* rrith the Sheriff*.' What the warlocks' banquet consisted of, what sort « )f broth it was that {wiled and bubbicd for tbe Recorder n 'heir witches' kitchen and cauldron, rnny be morn ;han conjectured. It was turtle soup ; the Aldermen, whatever may be Inferred from the performances above 'elated, are no conjurors. THE MFFEUENCH OK RACE. Q. What Is tho difference between thn Inline Mlnirt ;er and the Chancellor of the Exchequer? A. Why, that Ulrzy writes books, aud Derby makes them. ENGLISH MISSES AND FRENCH MADEMOI SELLES. The difference between them is this : — Your English Miss flirts before she is married ; your French Made moiselle gets married first, and flirts afterwards Neither plan is safe, and both are objectionable. CANDOTJU. A distinguished commercial gent, whose word is his bond— that is to say, it would puzzle any Bankruptcy Commissioner to determine which win the more worth less of the two— thus laid down hi* travelling clmrt through life:— 'I never bellevo more thin one-half of what I see, more than a quarter of what I hoar, arid not a word of what I Fay. If others were equally cautious, thaw would not be no many fool* In thla world.' LINE3 WRITTEN IN REPLY TO AN ADVElt* TI3EMENT. You *sk me, ' Does you hair fall off?' I frankly answer. Yes 1 Be satisfied with that response, Nor further question press. For if you ask the reason why My pate is getting nude, 'Tin possible that my reply Might be considered r/udfr, I would not say that foiling health. Has caused my ocop'u decrease 1 Nor is't cerebral over-work, . Nor lack of be»r his grease. Time ban not thinned my /towing hair, I an\ but twenty-two; Yet that my head is getting bare Is no less sad than true. 'Tis grievous fate at twenty-two To havo to wear a wig ; And yet I see I soon shall ba As bald as any pig. And why ? The cause is clear enough ; Nay, deem not that I scoff ; You sold me some co-founded staff That makes my hair fall off I REVOLUTIONARY LANGUAGE OF LADIE3. The subjoined morsel, extracted from U Folltt, let* in a gleam of light on a subject which baa long beeu ikrouded in profound darkness :— 'There is some talk of returning to the glgot sleeve this winter, which would suppress the prettiest part of our dress, the white sleeve, and leave us only tha cuff.' Thluking roinda have Ions enquired, with fruitless curiosity, ' Who »cU the fashions?' On UiIh point wa have now obteiuod at least some negative information. We know that the powers thit ordain the fashions are not represented by U Follet ; nines that journal ex presses apprehensions 'of an approaching change in female costume which, it thinks, will ba for the worse and not for the better. Now, what authority U that which will ' Bupprass the prettiest part of our drws, and leave us only the cuff,' m U Follet says with affecting: pathos ? And if the Parisian press dares to. apeak out on that subject, won't it get warning — or perhaps ba sent to Cayenne without any '! We seem to hear the mutterings of an approaching sto-m. The white sleeve— the mere sleeve— described as tha p-ettifist part of dress 1 An expression of fear, mingled with an evident amount of indignation and disgust, that tha mandate of despotism will supfreis even ths.% and leave au empire of spoliated subjects only the cuff! These symptoms portend rebellion. Stronger language could scarcely be used to express the ugliness of tbe Iwhole dress than tfiat which calls the sleeve tte prettiest pact of It, arul forbodets ttut the cuff will soon be the whole of it worth s-elng. T.ke most submissive ► laves may at length get tired of bearing a mercilessly Increased accumulation of bur dens; and women, for nil their constitutional powers of sufferance, are manifestly growing impatient under the load of c'othes invented to equalize deformity with beauty by alike concealing both. CHIEFS OF THE CHUECH MIXITAXT. Only think. ! ' The ceremony of consecrating the Btshapg of Nelson and Wellington in New Zealand waa performed yester day in the ancient parish church of St, Mary Lambeth raffi&K;^&d;'111 Md manner prescribed h' th« The above interesting but rather odd announcement was inade oneday last we.ek by the papers. Wellington and Nelson do seem rather queer titles for Bishops; yet they are not altogether unsuitable. Wellington, In * charge against theological antagonist*, mayexculm, Vp, Curatna, and at them ;' whlM Nelson may de claro that '*New Zealand expects every clerfltman to do his duty.' The two prelates will write, themselves Edmund, Nelson and Charles John Wellington; but pernajH among tbeir successors there will be a Iloratla and au Arthur. Should New Zealand, however, ha-*» no suoh luck with her clergy, that will not much signify, If old England shall only find, among&lnr; laity, another Uoratio Nelson,, and Another Arthur Wellington, or at least Wellcsley, In the tima of need. The custom, however, of naming places after distin guished personages may, in case those, places ever be come bishoprics, -produce some absurd consequences. A certain settlement in Australia, for example, b am that nickname of a celebrated pugilist Suppose it siouldi grow so important as to be erected into a see. What w,il! posterity think of a Bish.op.of Bendigo? If popular? names continue to be assigned to places, and those, places in course of time become bishoprics, the antsce.. picyof tha antipodes one of these days will probably mclttto«i81»hP8.o£?wwht ~ * 