WHAT CHRISTIANITY TEAGUES *ßESP£CritfCf THE BODY? (FROM THE PEBTDSIIIBB GOODIER In directing the attention of our readers to the sermon preached before Her Majesty in October last by Dr. Robert Lee, they need be under no apprehension that we are about to trench upon the " legitimate, peculiar province of the pulpit. Indeed, as the lawyers say, we should travel very much beyond the record " if we did. For we see little peculiar to the pulpit in the whole production, if " the sober use of its legitimate, peculiar powers " be to feed those who are hungry for the bread of life." In truth, our principal objection to the sermon is, that, in the ordinary , acceptation of the term, it is not a sermon at all. Of course, whatever bears Dr. Lee's name will be characterised by his great talent. The little treatise before us is undoubtedly BC. But the great characteristics of a sermon, we , apprehend, are " the grand concerns of judgment and of mercy "-sin and salvation and the great commission of" God's ambassador," in the Saviour's name, to preach repentance and remission." But these are not the characteristics of the reverend doctor's prediction. A single reference to such themes we do not And in the sermon from one end to the other. It is exclusively a dissertation upon the body, and what in this life is due to it. So that in for I 'lowing the doctor for a short space, we should be straying from our path altogether were we to land within the confines usually assigned to the pulpit. It is difficult to conjecture what could have induced the reverend gentleman to select such a topic for discussion upon such an occasion. We do not wish to be understood as denounc- ing the sermon, as, under all circumstances, I wholly unsuitable for the pulpit and the Sabbath. Far from it, Although we cannot but I regard it as far more appropriate for the platform or the lecture-room, and a week-day, still we can conceive special circumstances under which its delivery might be very well justified on the Sunday. For instance, preached in the Grassmarket, at the request of a sanitary commission, we readily admit that a good deal might be said for it. Undoubtedly, " to have or to act as if we hated, our bodies, is a daring violation of God's com- mand," and to improve the impiety is unquestionably an imperative Christian duty. But how Dr. Lee should imagine Her Majesty, or the Christian people of Crathie, specially to stand in need of such admonitions, we cannot understand. But to let the sermon in some measure speak for itself, the reverend doctor opens his protection by a short discussion on the " constitution of human nature" the connexion of two elements so unlike as the intelligent, conscious mind, and the gross fleshly habitation controverting the doctrines of the State j gifts of old, and the monastic in later times. j that " the body is only a filthy garment with which the soul in its wanderings through elec nitybaBbecomoaccidontallylnveBtedforashort . while, which never can be purified, never rendered a congenial or suitable covering for the spirit that is wrapped in it, but which that spirit should only loathe, separate itself from, and escape out of, as quickly as it can." I He says ' "We are taught by those who have most deeply studied the subject, that the body is a constituent part of human nature itself ; so that the soul without the body is no more entitled to be regarded as man than is the body without the soul that between those two exists a communion so intimate, however in it "What ChriStianity Teaches Respecting the Body." A sermon preached in the parish church Crathie, 11th October, 1857, by Robert Leo, D.D., so. published by Her Majesty's command. explicable, that all our feelings, emotions, thoughts,' reasonings, memories, imagina- tions, and, in short, all mental acts or states whatever, take place, through the intervention and instrumentality of the nervous system the great centre of which is the brain and that we have no proof that, in our present state, any mental act whatever can be per formed except through that instrumentality. Thus, mental derangement, imbecility, loss or failure of memory, and all similar phenomena, in their melancholy variety, are so many indications and effects of an impaired or a diseased condition of the nervous system. That the young apprehend and learn more quickly than the old, results from the different conditions of the brain in the two periods and a thousand familiar appearances are explained in the same manner. Insanity is now regarded by physicians that is, by men who are acquainted with the subject-as a bodily disease, as much as fever, rheumatism, or consumption, and it is treated accordingly." And then, continues the doctor : " From the researches of men who study facts by the light of reason, let us turn to the testimony of those who spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and we shall find 1 the sure word of prophecy' confirming, most emphatically, what the former have declared, The Holy Scriptures, then, inform us that man's body, no less than his soul, is the work of God, and that He made both of them ' very food ; that both are alike fallen and polluted y sin, both alike redeemed by the blood of Christ, both alike subjects of sanctification by the Holy Spirit; and that the body is co-heir with the soul of that immortal life which is God's promise to us in His Son, No contrast can be more striking than between the language of contempt, and even of hatred, in which the heathen sages speak of the body, and the reverential and honorable term? used by the sacred writers on the same subject." Having thus established the honorable and essential position of the body in the human economy-" Having thus seen that our bodies are really part of ourselves, according to the teaching as well of Scripture as of science, let us now attend for a little to the duty which we owe to them. This duty arises from what the body is in itself and what It is in relation to the soul." Bodily health and vigor, and length of days are blessings, the preacher argues, with the attainment of which our own conduct has much to do ; " that they, like other blessings, are to be sought from God, not only by prayer, but by the diligent use of certain means. It is, no doubt, true that our Creator orders all things according to the command of His own will; but it is no less true, on the other hand, that He who is all wise and merciful, appoints very few of those things which concern our happiness without some reference to our own actions; thus leaving us room to increase our welfare, or impair it." "Noone," he continues, "is so unthinking it evident that we can do something to promote the health -and prolong the. "fe fine! body. But we should understand both that we may do a great deal, SSQ that we pro what we can, both for our own welfare and that of others, in this regard is a matter of strictly religious obligation-being part of that duty which we owe to God, to our neighbor, and to ourselves. " The power of man to destroy himself is exemplified every day ; but for one that is guilty of this wickedness directly, thousands perish by intemperance, bad or insufficient food, want of ventilation, noxious gases, excessive mental excitement, idleness, over-working, and the like. These paths, indeed, are often so circuitous that people will hardly be per Buaded that their end is destruction. But that they lead down to the chambers of death as certainly as the shortest road, who does not know that ever took pains to trace them? Who does not know, in his own experience, that ever walked in them? It is reckoned that a hundred thousand persons die annually in England of preventible diseases. .... We shudder to look upon the same guinary track of war, as well we may ; but the numbers that are slain in war are a mere fraction compared with the countless throng of human beings that vice and ignorance are constantly tumbling into their graves. Can we think of this without honor and pity? Our religion, the religion of mercy and charity, should prompt us to study the dreadful spec , tacloBan reigning unto death." Again the preacher says " It is confidently maintained, by the most competent authorities, that a very large proportion of all the suffering that is now in the world is the result, not of any invincible necessity-in other words, does not arise out of the constitution of our nature itself relatively to that world in which we are placed, but from our ignorance of that constitution, or our disregard of those significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us' ' In opposition to the idea that this state of things is irreparable-an essential element in the constitution of society, the reverend gentleman argues that- < i "Suffering, under an all-wise Providence, has used, many and evident. It is intended to awaken us to the perception that something is wrong, that our conduct, in some respects is a violation of God's laws In the matter out of which the suffering springs. Pain In God's grand ordinance of instruction, inflicted until we either are destroyed, or awakened to perceive and correct what is amiss. To question this is to pretend that we are living under the despotism of a blind Fate, not under the fatherly government of an all-wise, just, and benevolent God. Under such a rule, all suffering must be correct, at least in a state of probation such as this is; for the very notion of cruelty is pain inflicted for no purpose, or no good purpose." The reverend doctor then goes on to press these conclusions, that what we can do for the temporal salvation of the body, God are Shires 8 to perform alike in respect to our duties to God, to our neighbors, and to our Selves. "Let us not, then, invent crosses, that we may carry them; or be weighed down with any that we may lawfully put aside. Suffering is the most evil thing in the world she only excepted and therefore there be only so far as it is the medicine and cure of that root of all evil. This world is indeed a valley of the shadow of death, where weeping and groans re-echo from every side. But disobedience and ignorance have made it what it is. As these diminish, sorrow and sighing, in the same proportion, will flee away and even the King of Terror?, whose dire tribute we cannot evade in this world will exact his due at a latter day. Still debarred from the garden, in the midst of which grows the tree of life, we are encouraged to subdue thorns and briers of the wilderness, to turn the desert into a fruitful field, and in the sweat of our face to eat bread ; so fighting our way back to the lost Paradise- not without good hope that the flaming sword shall at length have abated its consuming fire, and that the guardian spirits, who drove us forth, not without pity, shall have received commission to welcome back the repentant desires that they may eat again of the tree of life-may sent the voice of God without terror-may see His face, and not die." Such is the scope and spirit of the Doctor's discourse. And viewed as a contribution to the cause of sanitary improvement and physical progress, it were unjust to depreciate its merit, and idle to deny its value. We do not by any means regard the views and arguments of the reverend doctor as altogether beyond , dispute ; but, at the same time, we believe It should fare greatly better with us all were we governed by such considerations to a very much larger extent than we are. If, on the one hand, Dr. Lee-as, indeed, most writers on this subject may be justly charged with pushing their principles and doctrines too fat ; it is perfectly plain, on the other, that a large proportion of the people do not act upon them nearly far enough. It should greatly promote the cause of physical and social progress, however, were it freed of much of those metaphysical and speculative considerations with which, by its aid I -vacates, it has been most needlessly encum- bered. If intemperance, bad or insufficient food, want of ventilation, noxious gases, excessive mental excitement, idleness, over- working, and the like," cannot be checked and modified by more obvious and patent motives and considerations than a practical and accurate knowledge " of these significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us ;" then we must say we despair very much of their being materially checked and modified at all. Our social reformers deal too much in abstract doctrines. There is nothing plainer, we imagine, than that the Almighty governs the physical as he does the moral world, by fixed laws, and that much of the suffering which prevails in the effect of plain i violations of these laws; but, then, as Dr. R Lee is obliged so far to admit, it is only significant indications which have I been graciously conveyed to us," and while I one law may be manifest enough, a hundred others may be the subject of nothing else than the sheerest speculation and conjecture. For instance, we hear social specifics for epidemics enunciated with theutmostdogmatism, as being the absolute utterances of some " law of nature," while the smallest range of observation bells the whole idea, and demonstrates that the premature condition of man has been mistaken for the immutable will of God. Her. lee tells us " that 100,000 persons die annually in England of preventable diseases," " that a very large proportion of all the suffering that is now in the world is the result not of any invincible necessity-in other words, does not arise out of the constitution of our nature itself relatively to that world in which we are placed, but from our ignorance of that constitution, or out dis- regard for these significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us." Now, how the reverend gentleman distinguishes the disease] which are preventable from those that are no S \- those that are the result not of invincible necessity from those that are those that are the result of disobedience of " the laws of health from those which are not we cannot tell, or why such bounds should be set to Nature's laws, why some diseases only should, be preventable and others not- why obedience to the laws of nature should not do in all what,- it is plainly here implied, it will do in school But, if we understand the reverend gentleman night, when he says " that a very large proportion of all the suffering that is now in the world does not arise out of the constitution of our nature itself relatively to that world in which we are placed, but from an ignorance of that constitution, or our disregard Of the significant indications which are graciously conveyed to using we understand the reverend gentleman aright when he says this, we are forced to conclude that but for our ignorance and disregard we should not have that Buffering-that, by regard to our constitu- tion, and obedience to the laws of health, we should go on without suffering or disease. and, we suppose, of necessity live for ever. This, we fear, is the plain tendency of the " laws of nature" doctrine; we only need to know them and obey them, and then we have gained the victory over our last enemy. But this is only the effect of driving the doctrine too far. There are plenty obvious enough causes and effects, attention to which would remove a world of evil, without landing the question into a maze of abstract discussion, and reducing our existence to a mere matter of physical law. ' 