A TRUE GHOST STORY. "Sweet is revenge. especially to woman." The Ovens and Murray Advertiser gives to its readers a very affecting history of an occurrence in real life, in which a ghost disturbed the nightly rest of two un- happy diggers. On the Buckland, on Thursday night, a miner who had a liason with a young woman awoke to find his roof in flames. The fire luckily was speedily quenched, and inquiry was made as to how it had ori ginated. It was then discovered that the fair frail one was absent, and it was suspected that she had set fire to the house and then committed suicide. The river, was immediately dragged, and every means adopted for her recovery, but in vain. " She was gone from the gaze" of her admirers, and few there were who could sleep that night for fear of seeing her "perturbed spirit." Two mates of the Adonis found themselves among the number thus affected, and one felt the necessity of rising to brace his nerves with some bread and cheese, whan suddenly, says our contemporary, while he was munching away at his repast, " chewing the cud of sweet and bitter fancy," he heard, or thought he heard, a low wailing voice pronounce the word P—e—tre—A. Tho masticating jaws relaxed to the widest exten sion, and the poor fellow stood listening in horrified silence; again the same mournful voice uttered slowly P—e—t—e—r. A suspense now became reality " Did you hear that, Tom ?" he inquired with heartless suspense. "Y—e—s" replied Tom, in a voice whose tones testified that he was as much scared as his mate. Peter took courage, however, and on emerging from the hut found the poor girl sitting upon a log all but perished with exposure of twenty-four hours to the cold chilling wind and incessant rain, bare-headed and bare-footed, there she sat, cold and shivering, the slight dress which she wore being completely saturated with the wet. With care and kind treatment she is again able to be about, and it is to be hoped that she is now completely cured for all time to come of any design of committing either arson or suicide. BENDIGO HISTRIONIC CLUB.—The committee will hold a mooting-, pursuant to advertisement, at Abbott's Hotel, at three p.m. 