KMlillALD HILL. REPRESENTATION OP -MINORITIES. Yesterday, a public meeting was held in tlio gre .t, Iron Store, Cecil-street, Emerald Hill, for the purpose of discussing the question of Representation of Mieori tia1). 'l'ho meeting wa3 called for eight o'clock, aud at that hour thero were upwards of two hundred per«ms present. Mr Allan Lecch' was called to tho chair. Sflie ^iiAiisMAH said the object of the meeting was to emlnvo/ to obtain some light on tlio subject of ltspre Bcutation of .Minorities Several persons were expected to attend the meeting, who had not yet made Jioir appearance. Auiong3t thorn wero Air Dnfly, Oapl. Clarke, aud Mr. Service. Ue said it was probable taut Oript. Clarke might attend before tlic c.obo ot the meeting, and Mr Service said lie would attend it his duties in tho Municipal Council would permit him. ito resetted that there appeared to be no one present to (ijieiik in favor of tho measure. He would call upon Mr Wilson «ray to open ni'3 auuj.^u. Mr Grav was received with loud app.ause, anu said tliab thi3 question had now come upon the people with surprise ; but if that were all it would be of very little consequence. 13 ut now, what is the statu of tho country ? No mail in tho country had yet realised that for which ho eame out here up to this time— no man had as vet been able to see tho couutrv open to the people, that i1', o ? 1 'o tlio occupation of ull. It was a notoruus lact that it was . Still in the hands of 750 squatters, who raised ifrom the grass lands of tho country iC3 :)00,000 a year, and employed 7,500 persons, thus obtaining ft Mim of i'500 from each servant. At first, tho squatters had but a passing interest in tho lands which they attempted to turn into a perpetual tenure. This failed, and then, in order to finally settle the question, a reformed parliament was called, and in order to carry out this idea, three reform Dills wero * brought down to tho House. Theso were, 1st for the shortening of the duration of parliament ; -nd, for the increase of members ; aud Srdly, for the settlement cf tha representation on the basis of population, or something very like it. In the second of theso Bills, it was determined to give the pastoral and ft-'i-icultural interests 30 representatives, and the remaining sixty to be divided amongst the great centres of population. But this bill came out, accom panied by a provision as unloosed for, as he teared, it would ho found calamitous. This measure was tho repre; entation of minorities. He would explain this a little further. The hill seemed at first to promise no less than thirty-six members for the gold- fields, and tho people were satisfied, saying, with so many liberal members, any reasonable quostion can easily be earned. But see how tho representation by minorities would affect tho question. Tako the Loddou for iustanco, which was snid to send seven members. By the Bjstem cf representation of minorities, the people could oniy return four members, while those who were against tho popular interest would return three members, thus giving a balance of one member for the Loddon, instead of seven, as at first expeeted, and so of the other gold-fields. Balluarat, instead of five members, ?will i-ow fcimilarly return but oae, and if there be about six mining districts, instead of 30 members, we will havo but six. Now, how is all this to be carried out ? He would tell thorn.— By the consent of_ men in the Assembly whom thoy had been hitherto in the habifc of trusting, men such as O'Shanassy, Charles Gavan Duffy, Ireland, and Evans. It was now determined that each elector should only vote for one more than half tho num ber of candidates. That is, tako tho Loddon again, whero there are to bo seven members, each elector would vote for but four candidates. And again, the dis trict is made large and cumbrous, so that those in any part of the district at tho period of tho election would know but little of what was passing in another. Then, if we tako the action of the ballot box into calculation, every oluctor 13 during tho progress of the election iguo rant of the progress tliat each candidate is making io wards the success of his election. Thus even turning lie very ballot box against us ; because the bulk of tho j cople would never know when they had recorded votes ' onough to seeure the election of tho popular candidates, bat must go on voting to tho end of tho election, leaving the other three members to bo elected, probably by a thousand electors agaiust twelve or thirteen thousand, \y j ; o would clcet the other four. But tlicra was ano ther plan proposed if this Hhould ba rejected. That is (o permit rach elector to plump for any candidate he ( hose. This was, perhaps, not so dangerous a system r s the one which lis i-t first described. He would give the history of this representation of minorities. It was trat mooted in 1830, not for England, nor for any of her reformed parliaments or corporations, ancl is now only found in the Capo of Good Hope, and in the Island of Malta. It was suggested by Earl Grey for the election of the municipal councillors of the Irish corporations, when at last it was determined to reform these bodies. The Irish Protestants then cried out, 'Oh 1 if the Catholics now get tho franchise according I to their numbers they will utterly swamp us and pay us 1 off for all the evils we havo ever heaped upon them.' To save them from this misfortune, Earl Grey devised the representation of minorities. He said each council was to consist of eight members, or some multiple of eight, while each elcctor would only be allowed to vote for five, thus giving the bulk of the peoplo five members and the old minority three members, or but very feW less than the bulk of the people. The thing was too good for the English people. They said, ' no ; if we do the thing at all, let ua do it properly,' bo that even for the Irish rotten boroughs it would not be accepted. And shall wo now boar it in Victoria ? The next place which we hear of it i3 in Malta. But surely we ill Victoria are not sunk so low as to be compelled to borrow institutions from such a dependency as Malta. Thus wo see that this _ question of minorities was first contrived to continue the grinding down of the Catholics of Ireland under the snail Protestant portion of the people. It was also used to control the Italian portion of the inhabitants of Malta, under the hands of the small number of British resi dents, and now it is introduced into Australia for the purpose of rendering nugatory tho late boon of universal suffrage, and so to continue the power of the squatters in as great, ii not greater, force than ever. Thus the whole of the reform measures would be lost to tho c ountry. (Cheers.) Ho would, now, for a moment, consider the working of the plumping system. How would this work ? To answer this question, it would be necessary to look at tho population, made up as it is of various soctions ; and ho held it was tho duty of every Government so to manage the elections as to causo these sections to fuse into each other and thus secure the general good of all. Instead of this, the representation of minorities would split up the whole community into sections, each one seeking and obtaining its own representation and thus composing a House of Assembly representing no great national principle, but a set of sectional principles iso lated from each other. In fact, a Legislature based upon a Denominational principle. And yet this is the least objectionable form in which it is sought to force this new idea of the representation of minorities. But he kuew that tho squatters expected from this measure, if they carried it, they would for a while secure the tenure of their land. If it was thrown out, they were in Vinnps t-.h.if. t.hfi ministrv would be throivn out also ; and thus the cause of reform would for a while be set aside. But ho would toll the squatters that ho had no fears for reform. The peoplo were now aroused, and now demanded with a voice that never would be stilled until a full and ample reform had been carried. (Mr Grey hero sat down, amiilst'loud cheers.) The Ciiaiiima:; said, tho meeting was disap pointed in not having Mr Duffy amongst them. It was perhaps not his fault, as he could not have had much notice. He asked, if any person would th'n . speak in favor of the representation by minorities. No one answerm!'. he called UD011 Mr Service, who said, ho did not then stand forward as a member oi friend of the laud league. He u 'UiH! thon solely to endevor to work with tho'3e who would work with him, in order to overthrow a measure which the peoplo must not let pass. He could not say much on the theory of the representation of miuO'ities. But still he had no difficulty in (inserting that i' could never be made to work in this country. lie said th s because it was t .t'llly ut variance with tho theory of universal fran chise, and representation based on population. All pel sons who iveru in favor of this measure, slid they were so because it was calculated to place a drag upon the wheels of democracy. It was said that those wh \ wero opposed to this measrro were opposed to all reform. In answer to this ho would any tliat one of these gentlemen had prepared a schedule to inorea3o the number of members by thirty additional membocs. tie n la 1 1 objected to the measure, as it was brought forward sj suddenly, and was bo novel, that few or any person kne.v anything of it And further, though ? not opposed to reform, ha ivould propose the postpone ment of the reform question altogether, rather than that aquestion of such import, and on which thero whs so much ignorance should be ruelied thriu.'h Parliament. He saw that the people were uot only ignored oil tha question, but that it was intended net toallow thsm timo i t- gain any kind of i: formation on tho subject. Healso j t.i» t.ViR nrinf'i nln nf thn 'Rills, liv which it U'.'l:? intended to fu-e largo tracts of tho country to form ono Electoral District. Mr Bowman, in order to give effect to tho proceed ings of the meeting, moved, ' That thi3 meeting is of opinion that tho clause in the Kcfortn Bills relative to representation of Minorities, would be subversive of tho newly- acquired liberties of tho people, and that a petition from this meeting praying tlio Legislative Assembly to obliterate the obnoxiouj claiue, and that, the member for South Melbourne, Captain Clarke, be requested to present tho same iu his place in Parlia ment to morrow evening.' Mr M'GutciUvJN seconded the resolution, aud at tho same time regretted that Mr Duffy was not present, in order to give information on, the subject. He felt it stranger now that those who had all along been the professed friends cf the people should now como out and endeavor to sneak away the liberties of their friends. Tlio working men must now think and act for themselves, without trusting any man, whether ho bo Dnffy, or O'Shannssy, or Ireland. Mr Snoivr supported tho resolution. Mr Don also supported the resolution, and warned tho people that there was a deep-laid and treacherous scheme to rob tlio people of tho power latoly pretended to bo bestowed upon them. Tho Laud Leaguo terrified some gentlemen. Its very ghost was a terror to tho powers that be, wore it not for the Land League and tliH Onnvention thev would never have heard of the minorities. But where did it come from 1 From Karl Grey, who had it as a counterpoise agaiust Chartism. It then died, and as Chartism once more revived the tory magazines once moro took it up, und are now supporting it iu Great Britain. It was also tried in Malta ; let them continue it there. Ho continued some time to elucidate by example the manner in which the adoption of such a theory would operato upon the pcop'e. Mr Don continuod for several minutes. The resolution was then put and carried unani mously. It was then resolved that the chairman should frame a resolution on the petition, sign it on the part of .the myelin ?, anl scad it to Captain Clarke for presentation to the House. The meeting then separated, there being about fivo hundred and fifty persons present. 