A SINGULAR WILL. The following is a oopy of a will recorded oa tho New Haveu Prob*tc Records : — Iu ilia name of Goil, solo Governor of all worlds, Jesus Christ, tho Holy Ghost, the twelve Apostles, Saints, Tiirotios, Powers, Virtues, Angels, Aroh angels, Cherabims and Sorophims, Amen. I, David Ogdeu, of Now Haveu, in the State of Co a- neetiout, beiug ia uaoomraoa good health and spirits, and ia my right raiud and wits, do in tho I.mOWlUg uiauuci umu'j tuio wj a«»dv latneut. Imprimis. My body, this mass oomposed of flesh, blood, arteries, bones, cartilages, and God wot not all besides, I commit, when dressed in my bust Buit of black clothes, to its deep, dark, silent grave — 'tis n dismal liouBe I am to dwoll iu, yea veiily, n mournful ono; tboroforo, tho dross for mourning is tho most proper one for me. Thus let this body be dressel for i:s cofliti, which I pray to bo undo of sound mahogany wood, and not ornamented with bcas3 nails and tin plates telling my name, age, or death— my head will toll these things lo the inquisitive in the grave. When this mass of corruption is thus ecjuippod, let it bo borno on tlio Bhoulders of four sturdy youths to its long homo, tho narrow grave, whom I would should be rewarded for their troublo with a decent piir of gloves oach. By tho way, should David Edwards, the Suud iy next after my exit, conceive either my death or my Hfo to merit a sermon, a short sermon, prayer, or a few hymns (0 bo sent up to the throne of an all pitying aud merciful God, pryihco lot it bo done, aud for his trouble aud good services in this solemn businei-s, give him my best wishes for his welfare, accompanied with a compliment of £8 4s, New York curienoy. Item -My soul, God_ grant, if I have any or ever had, may wing its flight to lioaven, be placed conspicuously among tho stars, fly on the wings of the wind, feed the beasts of tlio field, the birds of Ihe air, the inteots of tho earlh, or tho fishes of the aqueous, deep waters ; upon tha whole I give my soul to God. Item— It is my will and pleasure that a monumtnt worth £10, be erected iu tho burying ground in Now Haven to my memory — tho molto and epitaph for which I leavo wholly to the discretion of ray worthy friend nnd brother, Piorpont Edwards, Esq. To my sister, Polly Cozens Ogden, I give, gran', bestow, titul bequeath all my worldly eon ceroB — goods, chattels, lands, tenements and here ditaments — which 1, whilst an inhabitant oi this plirot was in possession ol, in fee simple or other wise, loher and her heirs forever, sho first pay in'1, satisfying, and cancelling all lawful dues', debts, nnd demands against tho seme ; also, ply ing to Susan Edwards, my lovely nicoe, tho sum if £25. 0.0. Ne.v York money, to be laid out for a mourning dress for her, tho said Susan, by hor, the said Susan. I appoint, constitute, and make Pior pont Edwards and Dnvid Daggett, Esqrp., of New Haven, and Aaron Oyden, Esq., of Elizabeth town, in New Ji-rsty, ex cutors ol this my last will and testament. WitnesB mv hind and seal. Dated at New Haven this twelfth'day of February, 17S!). 1 DAVID OGDEN. 