RE-OPENING OF THE CHAPEL OF OUR LADY IN THE CHURCH OF ST. FRANCIS, ELIZA- BETH STREET, MELBOURNE, In December, 1856, we chronicled the preliminary opening of the Chapel of the Sacred Heart of Mary, attached to the Catholic Church of St. Francis, in Elizabeth street, Melbourne, at a period when that building was so far completed as to be fit for the cele- bration of the offices of the Church. At that time tho decorations were only partially completed, and none of tho stained glass windows had arrived from England. The interval has been occupied in the completion of the former, the erection of three of the windows, an altar of peculiarly elegaut design, and the laying of a pavement of encaustic tiles and marble of various colors. The residue of the windows liavo not yet arrived, but the building being virtually completed, its formal opening was feed for yesterday. It is proper for us now to attempt a description of this interesting structure, which we shall endeavor to do in as few words as the importance of the subject will admit. Tho building was erected on concrete founda tion, in the style of architecture known as English Decorated, after a design by George and Schneider, on tho 9th of December, 1S55. Within, the Chapel is forty feet inlengta,bynmeteenmwidtb, audabout forty in height. It communicates with tho main church by a handsome pointed arch, and forms a fine obj jut on entering frem the uorth. The interior consists of nine bays or compurtineats, each devoted to the elu cidation of tLo principal features in the history of Our Lady. The centre compartment against which the altar is placed, contains, just above the statue, a beautifully designed roso wiudow fi'led with staiued glass repre senting the descent of tho Holy Ghost upon the Blessed Virgin. Above this is placed the motto ' Refuge of sinners,' and, witbiu iv shield, the de vice of the Ueart of Mary. Ou tlie wall at cither side of the statue are tho monograms of tho Virgin and the Saviour. Commencing at tho altar on tbo Gospsl side, we havo first the Immaculate Conception, witli the motto, 'Hail! conceived without sin.' A window of two lights is filled with staiued glass representing the vision of St. John, with the legend ' Mtdier amicla sole.'' Next we have a compartment devoted to the Presen tation, with the motto 'My beloved to me, and I to him.' Succeeding this is the Desponsation, with the motto ' Now all good things come to mo together with her.1' Then follows The Nativity, with the motto 'He that made mo rested in my tabernacle.' On the opposite wall we have first, The Adoration of the Magi, vrith tho text ' On entering, they found the child with Mary his mother.' Adjoining, U tho Mar riage Feast at Cana in Gallileo, ' His mother saith unto him they have no wine.' Next in order is the Crucifixion, with the text 'Is thero any sorrow like utita mv sorrow.' We have now arrived at tbo altar onco more, and find the lights of this compartment filled with glass, and representing the Assumption of tho Virgin, and tho legend ' Assumpla cst Maria.' Overhead is the motto " Come my spouse, thou shalt be crowned." Space is left on either side of the arch leading into the main church for the erection of statues of St. Joseph, and St. John the Evangelist. Each of the compartments we have described is divided by elegant pillasters. Those in the chancel are painted with lilies, in tho intersections of gold fretwork upon a white ground, and have base3 in imitation of malachite. Those in the chancel are of malachite, with gold-veined marble bases. The roof is groined and, of course, springs from the pilasters. All the ribs are gorgeously ornamented with, gold and colors, and the compartments between each are filled with various designs. In the throe at the extreme end of tho 'chapel are representations of the Coronation of the Virgin on an azure ground studded with stars. In those towards the main church are depicted tho attributes of Our Lady, riz. the Star of the Sea, the Rosary with the Scapular, and the mono- gram of Mary. On the piers between the windows in this part of the building are large ornamental borders containing tho monograms of Christ and Mary, and above and below them, an ornament having three compartments, each charged with the sacred lily. The walls over the archway are also ornamented with suitable devices. Tho piers of the inner portion of tho building are diapered with a variety of conventional ornaments in very delicato tints, and borderod by a string of lilica issuing from cups at tho bottom of tbo window jambs. In liko maunor, the window jambs, the mullious, aud tracery overhead, aro all charged with crosses, lilies, and other ornaments, giving the whole an exceedingly rich appearance. The altar, an exceedingly rich and tasteful structure, consists of an altar in threq compartments, and a roredos of similar form, in the centre of which is placed the tabernacle. Upon a bracket projecting from this stands a crucifix of moderate size and great beauty of workmanship. The compartments iu the altar, reredos and tabernacle, are all filled with glass, gilt, and variously colored with ecclesiastical designs, so. as to present a perfect resemblance to brass iulaid with enamel. i'.Ko whola structure is so contrived a3 to stand oloso against the end wall aud display tho pilas ters rising from .either sido of it ; whilo^the fino statue of the Virgin and child, prepared ox.pvesuly foe this chapel by Herr Tv-dt, stands, as it were, upon the summit of tbo taboruaole, and beneath a riclily em blazoned canopy. Tbo fino bold drapery of the statue, tastefully gilt, aud lined with white, is fiuoly relieved by the dark tint ofthonicho, -which is painted a deep azure, and powdered with jlcurs-dc-lys. A eredonco-tablo, with, a top of Carorra marble, and a cleverly designed stand of carved wood-work, in white and gold, stands from tho wall on tlio right of tho Tlie walls up ±o this height are pannellod all around with cedar in tho taste of the style of architecture adopted in tho buildiug itself. This is surmounted by a broad frioze with i'nouldings enriched with white and gold. Upon tho frit ibb, which is of arich vermilion is traced in u. tall and tlegant church text the first five verse3 of the Magnified, with the Gloria. The letters are white, with gilt capitals. The floor within tho chancel consists of two stages, and is laid with tiles of admir&ble; design aud manu facture from the celebrated works of Minton and Co. of Stoke- upon- Trent. j?he outer floor consists of a centre walk laid with Aozsnges of black and white marble . j oined on either side by squares of bl ack and grey marble. The stained glass windows are from tbo works of Hardman, of Birmingham, aud are good specimens of the style of that artist, w.V-- we believe, aoted under tho instructions and, was goided by the taste of the lata celebrated architect Augustus Welby Pugin. We must demur, however, at the total- absence of color where there should be flesh tints, as all the rest oi tho coloring being extremoly vivid, the preponderance of whito has a tendency to make windows look spotty. The conduct of tho wholo has devolved upon the Rev. D. M'Evoy who has bestowed unwearied atten tion on the erection and decoration of this beautiful temple for the last three years. Ho wisely availed himself of the able services of Messrs James Souter and Louis Lo Gould as decorators, and tho admirablo manner in which these gen tlemen have oairied out their task, leaves nothing to be desired. The designs aro original throughout, though of course devised in strict accordance with tho taste of the architectural period to which the building itself is to be referred. Tho result is, that tho interior we have been describing presents decidedly the finest example of ecclesiastical decoration to be ,'found in Australasia. As we have before stated, tha chapel was perma nently opened yesterday morning at eleven o'clock. The church was densely crowded, and no such thing as sitting or atanding room could be obtained long be fore the service Commenced, A powerful choir, and a well selected band (in the placo of tho organ, at pro Bent under repair), performed in unusually good stylo Haydn'a No, 3, or Imperial Mass, Before the altar wag placed a Bikcu banner, hiving depicted thereon the Sacred Heart of Mary, charged with her monogram. High Mass was celebrated by HisJGrace Archbishop Folding, of Sydney ; assisted by Bishop Goold, Vicar Geueral Dr. GeogUogan ; Vicar-General Dr. Fitz patriuk ; V. R. Dean Hayes, Dr. Backbaua, and others. Dr. Geoghehan dnJivered an eloquent address on the subject immediately uuder consideration, aad urged upon bis audience the claims of tho how chapel for a hearty pecuniary response. During tho offertory the choir sung the solo and chorus ' Ave Maria.' At the close of th c service, tho procession having been collected for some time within tho precincts of tho altar, began to move out of the vestry into the yard, and were there marshalled. The signal having been given, tho attendants by tho side of the chapel arch lowered the huge canvas screen which had for months hidden tho interior, and re vealed its manifold beauties to tho congregation. The whole building *eemed suffused in a special atmosphere. Though not a very bright day, tho Bun cast its beams upon the gorgeous glass, and throw a flood of rich and varied hues across the jambs of the windows and inullions, glutting upon tho glazed com partments of the tabernacle and the polished meUl work of the crucifix, and adding new beauties to walls and floor already rich in coloring. Tho altar was covered, with numerous lighted candles, vasea of flowers, &c.; Tha proce»sion entered tho north door preceded by the cross-bearer and two torch bearers. These were fol lowed by fifty-two young ladies walking two abreast bearing lighted tapera and attired in white, their heads encircled with wreaths of white roses, and covered from top to too with white lace veils. These having taken their places on either sido of the chapel, ware followed by as many boys clad in surplices and bearing tapers. Ranging themselves in front of the first occupants of the chapel, the minor orders of the clergy proceeded up the centre followed by the various dignitaries ive have already mentioned, attired in their full costume. During the ceremony, of benediction, which was performed by Bishop Gould, tho choir and clergy chauuted a Gregorian hymn in unison. The whole ceremony was emmontly beautiful as wall as impressive, and appeared deeply to interest the numerous congregation assembled. On its com pletion Ihe procession retired as it came, when the obapel being vacated, was Boon filled by curious crowds anxious to inspect its beauties at a Ies3 respectful dis tance than before. 