PP,B F.STR.T ANTST^. On Thursday afternoon, tlio Melbourne Criokot Ground wns rcliovod Bomewhat of its usual winter dubious, liy tho prcsonoo of about n bun lrod of tho sporting fraternity, who wont down to see a spin of 151) yards betweon Moiars. Goydor and Rutland Tho latter was tho favourito at starting, but no great odda wero laid. An oxcollout start was effected, by ' pulling a hnndke/chicf,' but liutlnnd booh began to Bhow in front. It was quite clear from this uiomout that ho ciuiei win just ni no chose, in fact, uoydcr never had Iho ghost of a chanco throughout. Ilo, probably, wa3 under tho improjaion whon tho match was mado, that ho waa going to run against an amateur liko himsolf. Rutland's performances, howover, oven in this Blight breathing canter, stamped him as a runnor of no ordi nnry murits. Ilo will, if wo mistako not, bo heard of ngn.n. A second event betweon another gontloman conncctod with 'the board of croon cloth' and a second dnrk hoiso oveutuatod piotty much ns tho firist, although tho distance wns shortened 50 yards, aud a start of threo was given. '-\ iiy way of a wind-up, Mr. Hamilton challenged Rut land to run 150 ynrds for a ' fiver,' wllich was at onco nccoptcd. Botting was ovon; Hamilton, if anything, bavin!,' tbo .call. Throughout, thia rnco was about tho best it wni over our fortuno to witucai. A hotter start could not have been effected, nnd for tho fimt '10 yards tho men wero fdiouldor and nhouldor. At CO Rutland waa about four feat in atlvnnco, when Hamilton put on tho steam and collared him. Tho finish wai most oxciting nnd thoso not closo to tho winning handkerchief thought tho rnco bad ended in a dead heat. Tho umpires how ever decided that Hamilton had won by about half n bo ly. Wo again repeat that thia waa ono of tho gameat and closest fctrugglcn wo havo ovor witnessed. Tho afternoon wai fine, although a cold wind waB blowing, which was nut so 'nipping and eager' as to provent somo outhusiasta iu cricket from having a littlo practice. JuMl'ixrj Matoii.— A jumping match took placo on Friday last, at tho Bet Bet, botweon tho well-known Troy Kniujbt, of jumping eolobrity, and James Fisher. Tho match was for L 50 a aido. It waa to havo taVcn placs on Bsudigo, but Troy Knight paid L.10 to hia adversary to lr.cot him at Duuolly. About 11 a.m. both patties wero on tho ground. Fiihor, having won tho toss fur choico of jumping, aont Troy Knight iu first. Troy Knight waa in first-rate condition, and beta wero freoly laid at 0 to 4 upon him. Timo was called, when ho immediately commencod. Tho first 20 jumps ho accomplished in tho ahurt sp.ico of a minute and n nuarter, and continued jumping steadily till ho reached tho 7;Jnl Hop (timo, 01 inin.), when ho had tho miafor tuno to touch the hurdle ; howovor ho atill conlinnod, with great coolneas aud steadincaa, until he accomplished 110 jumps in 11 min. 3 soc, with ono down. Total, 109. Fiaher thon appeared. Ho ia n young man about 0 foot 11 inchos, a nativo of tho Kmcrnld Islo. Ho appeared very confident, and when timo wns called ho commencod at a rato which augured well for Mb succcsa, having jumped tha first 21) Joans in 69 socs. At tho 33rd nnd 35!h leap-t ho touched, after wllich his confidenco nnd strougth Boomed greatly to diminish. Timo, IU min. 5 sec3. ; 120 leaps, 21 down, 07 clear jumps. Fisher claims stakes on tho grounds that Troy Knight only jumped 11 min., the articles specifying that each man wns to jump 13 min., and tho man who did tho great ost niimbe.' of cloir jumps within that lime wns to ro coivo tho stakes. Troy Knight jumpod 109 nloar leaps in 11 inin. 3 aco , and Fiahor only 07 in 11) rain. 5 aee., but Knight osnscd jumping at tho oxpiration of 11 min., whilst Fisher jumpod tho specillod timo. Tho dscision will rest with tlio editor of BM'i Lifc.—Miiryboroui/h Ailreititcr. [Wo havo received a communication from Fiaher, but nono from Kuigut. Boforo giving any decision on tho mnttor— as wo woro not present— we must have both parties agreeing on tho Btnto of fasts.— Ed. Ii. L. V.\ 