A POOR WIDOW'S TALE. Six poor travellers are seated in a 'clean, white house' at Rochester, on Christmas, and be guile the time by telling stories. The sixth noor traveller was the little widow. She had ' been sitting by herself in the darkest corner of the room allthis time; her pale face often turn ed anxiously towards the door, and her hollow eyes watching restlessly, as . if she expected some one to appear. She was very quiet, very grateful for any little kindness, very meek in the midst of her wildness. There was a strained expression in her eyes, and a certain excited air about her altogether, that was very near insanity ; it seemed as if she had once been I terrified by some sudden shock, to the verge of | madness. When her turn came to speak, she began in a low voice — her eyes still glancing to the door —and spoke as if to horself rather than to the rest of us j speaking low but rapidly — •some what like a somnambule repeating a lesson. They advised me not to marry him (she be gan). They told me he was wild — unprinci pled — bad; but I did not care for what they said. Moved him, and I disbelieved them. I never thought about his goodness — I only knew that he was beautiful and gifted beyond all that I had ever met with in our narrow society. I loved him with no passing school girl fancy, but with my whole heart — my whole soul. I had no life, no joy, no hope without hiin, and heaven would have been no heaven to me if ho had not been there. I say all this simply to show what a madness of devotion mine. was. My dear mother was very kind to mc throughout. She had loved my. father, I be lieve, almost to the same extent ; so that she could sympathise with me even while discou- raging. She told me that I was wrong and foolish, and that I should repent ; but I kissed away the painful lines between her eyes, and made her smile when I tried to prove to her that love was better than prudence. So we married : not so much without the consent as against the wish of my family ; and even that wish withheld in sorrow and in love. I re member all this now, and see the true pro- . portions of everything ; then I was blinded by my passions, and understood nothing. "VVe went away to our pretty, bright home in one of the neighborhoods of .London, near a Park. We lived there for many months— I in a state of intoxication rather than , of earthly happiness, and he was happy, too, then; for 1 am sure he was innocent, and I know he loved me. Oh, dreams ! I did not know my husband's profession. He was always busy, and often absent:; but he never told me what he did. There had been no settlements either, when I married. He said he had a conscientious scruple against them ; that they were insulting to a man's ho nor, and degrading to any husband. , This was one of the reasons why at home they did not wish me to marry him. But I was only glad to be aole to show him how I (rusted him, by meeting his wishes and refusing on my own account, to accept the legal protection of settlements. It was such a pride to nie to sac rifice all to him. Thus I knew nothing of his real life — his pursuits or his fortunes. I never asked him any questions, as much from indiffe rence to everything but his love as from a wifely- blindness of trust. When he came home at night, sometimes very gay, singing opera songs, and calling me his little Medora, as he used, when in a good humour, I was gay, too, and grateful- And when he came home moody and irritable — which he used to do, often, after we had been married about three months, once even threatening to strike me, with that fear ful glare in his eyes I remember so vvell, and used to see so often afterwards— then I was patient and. silent, and never ntteropted-cvcn to lake his hand or kiss his forehead when he bade me still and not interrupt him. He was my law, and his approbation the sunshine of my life; so that my« very obedience was selfish-', ness; for my only joy was to see him happy, and my only duty to obey him. My sister came to visit us. My husband; had seen very little of her before our marriage ; for Bhe had often been from home when' he was with us, down at Hurst Farm — that was tbe name of my dear mother's place — and 1 had always fancied they had nat liked even the little they had seen of each other. Ellen was' never loud or importunate in her opposition. I knew that she did not like the marriage, but she did not interfere. I remember quite well the only time she spoke openly to me on the subject, how she flung herself at. my .knees, with a passion very rare in her, beseeching me to pause and reflect, as if I had sold myself to my ruin when I promised to be Harry's, .wife. How she prayed ! Poor Ellen ! I can see her now, with her heavy, uncurled hair falling on her neok as she knelt half undressed, her large eyes full of agony and supplication, like a mar tyred saint praying. Poor Ellen ! I thought her prejudiced then ; and this unspoken injus tice has lain like a heavy crime on my heart ever since ; for I know that I judged her wrong fully, and that I was ungrateful to her for her love. She came to see us. This was about a year and a half after I married, She was 'more beautiful than ever, but somewhat sterner as well as sadder. She was tall, strong in porsoii and dignified in manner, There was a certain manly character in liei beauty, as well as in her mind, that made one respect and fear her too a little. I do not meau that she was masculine or hard, or coarse ; she was a true woman in grace and gentleness but she wap braver than women in general, She had more self-reliance was more resolute.and steadfast, and infinitely less impulsive, and was more active and pow erful in body.' My husband was very kind to her. Me paid Iter great attention ; and sometimes I half per ceived that he liked bur almost better than lie liked jmp— he used to look at her so often ; but with such a strange expression in his eyes ! I never could quite make it out whether it was love or hate. Certainly after she came his manner changed towards me. I was not jea lous. 1 did not suspect this change from any small feeling of wounded self love, or from any envy of my sister ; but I saw it— I felt it in my heart — yet without connecting it with Ellen in .. any way. 1 knew that he no longer loved me as he used to. do, but I did not think he loved her; at least not with the same kind of love. I used to be surprised at Ellen's conduct to him; She was more than cold ; she was pas sionately rude and unkind ; not so much when I was there as when I was away. For I used to hear her voice speaking in those deep indig nant tones that are worse to hear than the hardest scream of passion ; and sometimes I used to hear hard words— ho speaking at tho first soft and pleadingly, often to end in a ter rible burst of anger, and imprecation. I could not understand why they quarrelled. There was a mystery between them ' I did not know of; and I did not like to ask them,' for I Was afraid of them both — as much afraid of Ellen as my husband— trad I felt like a reed between them — as if I should have-been crushed beneath any storm it might chance to wake up. So, I was silent — suffering ' alone, and bearing a cheerful face as far as I could. . Helen wanted me to return home with her. Soon after she came, and soon after I heard the first dispute between them, she urged me to go back to Hurst Farm ; at once, and for a longtime. -Weak as I am by nature, it has al ways been a marvel to me since, how strong 1 was where my love for my husband was con cerned. It seemed impossible for me to yield to any pressure against him. I believe now that a very angel could not have turned me from him. At last she said to me in a low voice, " Ma ry , this is madness ! — it is almost sinful ! Can you not see — can you not hear?" and: then she stopped, and would say no more, though I urged her to tell me what she meant. For this terrible mystery began to weigh on me painfully, and, for all that I trembled so much to fathom it, I had begun to feel that any truth would be better than such a life of dread. I seemed to be living among shadows ; my vory husband and sister, not real for their real lives were hidden from me. But I was too timid to insist on an explanation, and so things went on in their old way. In one respect, only, changing still more painfully, still more markedly ; in my hus band's conduct to me. He was liko another man altogether to me now, he was so altered. He seldom spoke to me at all, and he never spoke kindly. All that I did annoyed him, all that I said irritated him ; and once (the little widow covered her face with her hands and shuddered) he spurned me with his foot and cursed me, one night in our own room, when I knelt weeping before him, supplicating him for pity's sake to tell me how I had offended him. But I said to myself that he was tired, annoy ed, and that it was irritating to see a loving woman's tears : and so I excused him, as of tentimes before, and went on loving him all the same — God forbid me" for ray idolatry. Things had been very bad of late between Ellen and my husband. But the character of their diBcord was changed. Instead of re proaching, they watched each other incessantly.- They put me in mind of fencers — my husband on the defensive. "Mary," said my sister to me suddenly, coming to the sofa where I was sitting eni- broidering ray poor baby's cap. " What does your Harry do in life ! What is his profes sion?" She fixed her eyes on me earnestly, . "I do not know darling," I answered, va guely. " He has no profession that I know of." " But what fortune has he then ? Did be not tell you what his income was, and how ob tained, when he married ? To us, he said once that he had so much a year — a thousand , a year ; and he would say no more. But has he not been more explicit with you?" " No," I answered, considering ; for, indeed I had never thought of this. I had trusted so blindly to him in everything that it would have seemed to me a profound insult to have even asked of his affairs. " No, he never told me anything about his fortune, Ellen. He gives me money when I want it, and is always gene rous. He seems to have plenty"; whenever it is asked for, he has it by him, and gives me even more than I require." 1 ' Still her eyes kept looking at me in that- strange manner, " And this is all you kno(w-.?". Yes — all. "What more should I wish to know ? Is he not the husband, and has not absolute right over oyerythitig ? V l ijiive lio. businsss to interfere." . .The. - words - sound - harsher now than they did 'then; ffor-I' spoke' lovingly — — ' Ellen touched the little cap; I held. / " Does not this make, you anxibus'Y"; she saidvy ' Can you not fear as a mother, ' even .vyhile.you love as a wife ?" . -r - i , " /: .. .-: 'Fear "darling ! Why? 'What' sKpuldI fear;, or whom" ?.. What is there Ellen, on you'Kiea'rti" I then added, passionately) " Tell me at once j for I know that you have some terrible '.secret concealed from me; and I would rather know' anything— whatever it may be— than -live oh, longer in this kind of suspense and anguish ! It i3 too much for me to bear, Ellen.", : - She took my hands. " Have you strength? Could you really bear the truth ?" she said, earnestly. Then seeing my distress, for I bad fallen into a kind of hysterical fit— I was very delicate then — she shook her head in despair, and letting my handg fall heavily on. my lap, said in undertone, " No, no ! -she is too weak, too childish !" Then she went up stairs ab ruptly; and I heard her walking about her own' room for nearly a hour after, in long, steady steps. I have often thought that, had she told me then, and taken me. to heart — her strong, brave and noble heart — I could have derived courage from it, and could have borne the dreadful truth I was forced to know afterwards. But the strong are so impatient with us 1 They leave us too soon — their own. strength revolts at' our weakness ; so we are often left, broken in- this weakness, for want of a little patience and sym pathy. ' Harry came in a short time after Ellen had left me. ''What, has she been saying?" lie cried passionately, His eyes were wild and bloodshot ; his beautiful black hair flung all in disorder about his face, "Dear Harry, she has said -nothing about you," I answered, trembling. " She only asked what was your profession, and . how much we had a year. That was all.", '« .< i " Why did she ask this ? What business was it of hers?" cried Harry, fiercely. "Toll me;" and he shook me roughly ;( " what did you answer her, little fool ?" . > " Oh, nothing," and I began to cry it was because he frightened me. " I said, what is true, that 1 knew nothing of your aflairs, es, indeed, what concern is that of mine ? I could nothing more, Harry." ' " Belter that than loo much," he muttered; and then he flung me harshly on the sofa, say ing, " Tears, and folly, and weakness ! The same round — always the same ! Why did I marry a mere pretty doll— a plaything— no wife!" And then he seemed to think he had said too much ; for-he came to me and kissed me, - and said that he loved me. But, for the first time in our married life his kisses did not soothe me, nor did I believe his assurances. AH that night 1 heard Helen walk steadily and unresting through her room, She never Blackened hcrpace, she never stopped, shenever hurried ; but the same slow measured tread went on ; the firm foot, yet light, falling as if to music, her very step the same mixture of manliness and womanhood as Iter character. . After this burst of passion Harry's tender ness to mo became unbounded ; as if he wished to make up to me for some wrong. 1 need not say how soon I forgave him, nor how much I loved him again. All my love came back in one full boundless tide; and the current of my ' being set towards him again as before. If he had asked me for my life then, as his mere fancy, to destroy I would have given it to him. I would have lain down and died, if he had wished to see the flowers grow over my grave. My husband and Ellen grew more estranged as his affection seemed to return to me. His manner to, her was defying ; hers to him con temptuous. I heard her call him vilain once in the garden below the windows; at which he luughed — his/wicked laugh, and said, " tell her and see if she will believe you !" I was sitting in the window, working. It was a cold damp day in the late uutumn, when those chill fogs of November are just beginning, those fogs "with the frost in- them, that steal into one's very heart. It was a day when a visible blight was in the air, when death is abroad everywhere, and suffering and crime, I was alone in the drawing room. Ellen was upstairs, and my husband, as I believed, in the city. But I have remembered since, that I heard the hall door softly opened, and a footstep steal quietly by the drawing room up the stairs. The evening was just beginning to close in — dull; gray, and ghostlike ; the dying daylight melting into the long shadows that stalked like wandering ghosts about the fresh made grave of nature. I sat- working still, at some of those small garments, about which I dream ed such fond dreams, and wove suchlnrge hopes of happiness ; and as I sat, while the evening fell heavy about mc, a mysterious shadow of evil passed over rae, a dread presentiment, a consciousness of ill, that made me tremble, as if in ague — angry at myself though for my folly. But it was reality. It was no hysteri cal sinking of the spirits that I felt; no mere nervousness 'or cowardice ; it was something I had never felt before ; a knowledge, a pre sence, a power, a warning word; a spirit's cry, that had swept by me as the fearful evil march ed on to its conclusion. I heard a faint scream up stairs. It was so faint(I could scarcely distinguish it from a sud den rush of wind through an opening .door, or the eliirp of a mouse behind the wainscot. Presently I heard the same sound again ; and then a dull muffled noise overhead, as of some one walking heavily, or dragging , a heavy weight across the floor. I- sat petrified by fear. A nameless agony was upon me that de prived me of all power of action. I thought of Harry and I thought of Ellen, in an inextricable cypher of misery and agony ; but I could not have defined a line in my own mind ; I could not have explained what it was. I feared. I only knew that it was sorrow that was to come and:sin. I listened, but all was still again'; once only I . thought I heard a- low; moan, and: once a muttering voice— which f know now tie have been my husband's, speaking passionately to himself. ' i ; , And then his voice swept stormfully through the house crying, wildly; " Mary, Mary, Quick here ! . Your sister Ellen." I ran up steirs. It seems to me now that I almost flew. I found Ellen lying on the floor" of her own room, just inside the door - her feet towards the door of my husband's study, which was immediately opposite her room. She was fainting — at least I thought so then.5 We raised her up between us ; my husband trembling more than I ; and I unfastened her gown, .and threw water on her face, and pushed - back her hair ; but she did not revive. I told Harry to go for a doctor. A horrid thought was stealing over me; but he lingered, as I fancied, unaccountably and cruelly, though l twice asked him to go. Then, I thought that" perhaps he was overcome ; so I went to him, and lu'ssed him, and said, " She will soon be better, Harry," cheerfully to cheer- him. But 1 felt in my heart that she was no more. t TAMastT'after'iiianyTirgentreHti'efftlesT-Tnnl- after the servants had come -up j clustering in<a frightened ' way round the bed— but "be Csent them away again immediately— he put on his hat, and went out, soonreturning with a strange man, not our own , doctor. This man was rude and eoarsei and 'ordered' me aside, as' I stood bathing my- sister's face, and pulled her- arm' and hand roughly,' to" see how ' dead they fell, and stooped down to her- lipa-r-I .thought lie touched them even'— all-iirq'yiokntjaod inso lent way, that shocked and.bewildered me. My husband stood in the, shadow,, ghastly pale, bul not interfering. . , ; /;/////!, /r///. It was too true what ;the strange- man had said so coarsely. She was dead;',' <;;',Yes ; the creature that an hour ago: had' been so full of lifc. so beautiful, so resolute, so- 'young, was a stiffening corpse, inanimate anddead, .without life, and without hope. -, Oh.LthatYwor.d/liad set my brain on fire ! Dead :?" here, i in- : iny house, under my roof — dead, ' so mysteriously, so strangely— why ? How ? ; It was a fear- fuLdreara, it was no truth ( that lay there. ! I was in a nightmare ; I ' was not. sane; and thinking how ghastly it.all was, Tfainted softly- on the bed, no one knowing, till some time af ter, that I had fallen, and- was not praying.; When 1 recovered I was in. my own room, alone.-' Crawling feebly, to my sister's idoor, L found that she had been washed and dressed, and was now laid out on 'her bed. : It struck mo : that' all had been done in strange haste :' Harrjr telling mo the servants had done it while. I faulted. I knew afterwards that he had'told' them .that it '.was. -I, land that I would have no help. The mystery of it all was soon to be utf- ravelled.- One thing I was decided on — to watch by my sister that night. It was iu vain", that/ my husband opposed me ; in vain that, he coal ed me by his caresses, or tried to terrify me by angry threats. Something of my sisters nat" tiire seemed to have passed into me ; and unless he had positively prevented me by force, no other means would have had any effect. ''.He' gave way to meat last — angrily — and the night cqme on and found me sitting by the bed side, watching my dear sister. How beautiful she looked 1 Her face .still with tho gentle mark of sorrow on it that it had in life, looked so grand ! She was, so great, so puite, ; she was like a goddess sleep ing ; Bhe was not like a mere woman of. this earth. Slie did not seem to be dead ; there was life about her yet; for there was still the look of power and of human sympathy that she usedto have when alive. The soul wa there still, and love and knowledge. By degrees a strange feeling of: her living presence in the room came - over me. Alone in the still midnight, with no sound, no person near me, it seemed as if I had leisure and pow er to pass into the world beyond the grave. I felt my sister near met I felt the passing of her life about mc, as when one sleeps, but still is conscious that another life is weaving in with ours. It seemed as if her breath fell warm on my face; as if her shadowy arms held .mc in their clasp ; as if her eyes were looking through the darkness at me ; as if T held her eyes in mine, and her long hair floated round my fore head. And then to shake off these fancies, and convince myself that she. was really dead, I looked again and again at her lying there ; a marble corpse, ice cold, with tbe lips set and rigid, and the death band beneath her chin. There she was, stiff in her white shroud, the snowy linen pressing so lightly on her ; no life within, no warmth about her, nnd all my fancies were vain dreams. . Then I buried ray face in my hands and wept as if my heart was breaking. And when I turned away my eyes from her, the presence came around me again. So long as I watched her it was not there : , I saw the corpse only ; but when I shut this out from me, then it seemed as if a harrier had been removed, and that my sister was near me again. I had been praying, sitting thus in these al ternative feelings of her spiritual presence and her bodily death, when, raising my head, and looking towards the farther corner of the room, I saw, standing at some little distance, my sister Ellen. I saw her distinctly — as distinctly as you may 3ee that red fire blaze. Sadly and lovingly her dark eyes looked at me, sadly her gentle lips smiled, and by look and gesture too she showed me that she wished to speak with me. Strange, I was not frightened. It was so natural to see her there, that for the moment I forgot she was dead. Ellen," I Baid " what is it ?" . The figure smiled. It came nearer. Oh ! do not say it was fancy ! I saw it advance ; it came glidingly ! 1 remembered afterwards that it did not walk— but it came forward to the light, and stood not ten paces from me. It looked at mo still, in the same and gentle way, nnd somehow — I do not know whether with the hand or by the turning of the head — it showed mo the throat, where wore the distinct marks of two powerful hands. And then it pointed to its heart ; and looking I saw the broad stain of/blood above it. And then I heard her voice — I swear I was not mad — I heard it, I say to you distinctly, whisper softly, " Mary !'' and then it said in a still more audible voice, " Murdered !" And then tbe figure vanished, and suddenly the whole room was vacant; That one dread, word had sounded as if forced oat by the pres sure of some strong agony— like a man' "re vealing his life's ' secret when dying/ And when it had been spoken or rather wailed fortlr there was a , sudden sweep and , chilly: rush : ' through the air ; and the life, the soul, the ' presence fled. I wa alone again with Death; The mission had been fulfilled; the. warning, had been'given ; and then my sister passed away, — for iter work with earth was done. - . -Brave and calm as the strongest man that-- ever; fought on a battle field, I stood up beside my sister's body. I unfastened her last dress", and threw it back from her chest and' shoul ders ; 1 raised her head and took off the ban dage from round her face ; and then I saw deep black bruises on her throat, the marks of hands that had grappled her from behind, and .that had strangled her. And then I looked further, and I saw a small wound below the left breast, about which hung two or three cjots of blood, that had oozed up, despite all care and know-: ledge injker manner of murder. I knew then; Bhe had first been suffocated, .to, prevent/her screams, and then stabbed where ihe wound would bleed inwardly.- and show no sign to the' mere bystander. - / - : - -, A ; -. I covered her up carefully again; .: !. laid the pillow .smooth . and straight, and- laid- the heavy .head gently down.-' ' I drew the sliroud close above the dreadful mark, of murder. /And then — stiflasicalm and resolute as I had ever-been since the revelation had come to me— I left the room and passed, into my husband's' study. It was on me to discover all the:truth. n:: ! His..wrjting.-Jable/was; locked;/. Where my strength . caihe from," I: know, not ; but, >vitb a chisel that- wob : lying on the tabic, Lpried the drawer and broke the lock, :/.l opened it/' There -waa-a-)ong»-and cl nn rl pr flnggor.-lyinff - thorO) -and red' with blood-;'1 a; -handful of woman's hair rudely severed 'from the Head; lay near, it.' ; It. was my sister's hair ! — That wavy silken un curled, auburn hair' that |'a4>al.«ray8 Joycl. and1 ad mired so" much' ! And near " to" these again, were stomps and dies, and/mpulds/and plates/ and handwritmgsJwith.Taosimiles'.beneath, and banker's cheques, - and a heap of leaden coin, and piles of.iucomplete bant tfo'tes /and all' the' evidences of a coiner's and;., a forger's trade, — the suspicion, of wljich bad caused those bitter q'uarr'ellihgs between ' poor Ellen "and' my. hus band — the knowledge of which had caused her death.. . r-- .. . 1 ' ' ! With these ' things I saw. also' ii 'letter' ad-, dresacd.to Ellen in my husband's handwriting;. It was an unfinished letter, as -if .it had displeas ed him, and he bad. made another copy.— It- began with these .words— no fear that I' should forget; them ; they: are burnt, into "my .br&iD-; !'! never really loved her,- Ellen;;' she; pleased me, only as; a doll would, please a child ;' nnd/I married: her. from -pity,', not . for love./ - .'You,' Ellen, you alone could fill my heart 'you alone are my fit helpmate.-rT-Fly.with.meVEllenA-—-;" Here, the -Jotter was- left unfinished ; but - it gave me e'nb.iigh to1 explain all /the. meaningy'df the first weak of my/sister's, .stay/ lier'ei-an why she -had called him' villain. 'and ; why he had told; 'her that.1 sKe/might',. 'tell;. ine/ and that - I would not; believe. .' V.., ! I saw it all now. I turned my head to- 'see my husband standing a few paces behind me. Good' Heaven; ! I, have' .often, thought was that man the same I had .loved. so long and fo tfdly . j ; -The strength of horror;,; not of courage up-, held 'me,' "T knew ho meant "to kill' me ;'but that:,did:'nbtalarm -rae,' 1 only dreaded' lest his hnnd'should:touoh me. It waknot -death, 'it was he I shrank from. I believe if- he - had touched me 'then I should have" fallen dead at his feet, 'I stretched out my arms in horror .' to thrust hiin back, uttering a piercing shriek ; and while he made an effort to seize me,"" over-' reaching himself in the madness of his fury/, J rushed by him,- shrieking still, and so-fled away into the darkness, where I lived, oh! for many' many months! i.'.l When I woke again I found that my ;poor baby had died, and that my husband -had- gone none knew where. But the fear of his return haunted rae. I could not get no rest day . or night for dread of him ; and I felt going mad with the one hard thought for ever pitilessly pursuing me — that I should fall again into his hands. I put on widow's weeds — for indeed am I too truly widowed !— and then I began wandering about ; wandering in poverty and privation, expecting every moment to meet him face to face ; wandering about, so that I may escape the more easily when the moment does come. Tub Tuhks and Montknkgkins. — The Trieste correspondence of the 'Nouvelle Gazette dc Prussia' uives harrowing detuils of the atrocities which the Christians of the Mon tenegrin frontier are objects, and says that they fully equalin horror the excesses committed by the Indian Sepoys. On the other hand, letters from Vienna of the 4th state that Prince Kallimaki has declared that the Porte cannot leave the Montenegrins unpunished for recent acts of cruelty of which they have been guilty toward the Turks, 