CHRISTMAS AMUSEMENTS. Provoking that it should rain on Christmas day! How many faces lowered as did the clouds- how many children, young and old, grumbled at the weather authorities on Satur- day last! And yet, from all the information which we have been able to collect from the most diverse sources, we question whether a merrier Christmas than the one which has just departed has been known, since the festival was first celebrated here some score years ago by a handful of white men among the now seldom seen aborigines. The brief disappointment of the moroins only whettai the appetite for pleasure, and when, towards noon, tiio nn put in an appearance, people nsw fahy P' -pared to »ppreciate him. Who go w11 able to estimate the advantage of the "merry merry sunshine " as our friend hera i who baa been rowing his party up the Tarra foi the last hour, with the rain beating 8g_l_ut the back of his neck, and in- sinuating itself in gentle tricklings and ticklings between his shirt and his ribs? Or tim geutlomon in white on boar_ jon stearatT, roBolntely holding an umbrella over the head of-somebody, and allowing the black dropä to course down his garments until bo looks liko Barey's zebra after a great deal of taming How are we to estimate pleasure if ot by its opposite, and the con- trast which was enabled to bo drawn on Siturday was something quite artistic. The delight which must have filled the mind of iho respected lady who is supposed to ha visited by the ghost of the late lamented Mr. Giles Soroggins, on her awaking and finding ¡that "it's all a dream," can have been as nothing compared with the intense gratifica- tion of thousands of pic-niokians when the nain portion (tfter all) of Ohrlstma3 Day turned ont bright and beautiful, with just sufficient sunshlno to raise a glow within tho heart, and keep it simmering without boiling over. And so, after the moat careful Inquiry, we are juBtiBed in stating that the two or three hours'rain on Christ- mas morning was a great boon, and one vihicb, piovided it does not become too com- mon, may very well be ropeatod on some future occasion. The chief amnaement of the day was of oouree, the pic-nio. As nntnrally as the " old folks at home" betake themselves to the oozy iiresldo, the evening dance, blind man's baff, nud snap-dragon, BO do the good people of Australia pack up their edibles and potable3 and seek somo "cool secluded spot" wherein to enjoy the rovels to which the season has been dedicated from time immemorial. There were pio-nlcs In steamers and yachts on the Bay, pic nica la boats up tho Tarra, l'!c-nics by rail to St. Kilda and Geelong, and pionics in j'aunting- cara to Brighton, Heldol« jberg, and even to Tan Tean. THE SUBURBS. The consensus universalis with which persons «[every grade and olaes sought the pleasures of their holiday in ontdoor excursions and amusements, was a somewhat remarkable contrast to the perverso spirit of veneration to the customs of his forefathers whloh the genuino Anglo-Saxon generally oxhlblts. The fact that a very large proportion of the la balitante of our city were so engaged must go far to prove that the CIOBBÍO sirloin and ihe huge plumpudding of tho English Christ nae, arc compelled to give way to the knick, enocks of pic-nicking. "When it is remem- j lered that several of the excursion steam .heats made Sandridge their point of depar- ture, and that Geelong and Williamstown drew large numbers of excursionists,, it is not a matter of wonder that the Hobsons's Bay Railway Company's station at Flinders-street was densely crowded at the period of the departure of the early Geelong train. There seemed to have been a want of calculation on the part of the Company, for although an additional number of carriages was placed on the line, yet it was not without a consider- able amount of crushing and difficulty that the passengers were accommodated. Perhaps this, in some measure, Is to be accounted for by the universality of huge hampers and packages, which moy fairly be presumed to have contained tho products of excellent cookery, and the eau de fontaine (to speak mildly) with which to Impart a relish to the more substantial portion of the good things. From the absence of sufficient stowage beneath tho seats of the carriages, and the nervous anxiety with which the charge d'affaires of oaoh incipient excursion clutched the packages containing tho viands, tho seats were filled before half tho usual number of passengers were accommodated, and when at length tho porter's civil suggestion-" Take it on your knees, mem,"-came to be complied with, ia many cases there was nothing visible of the lady passenger except the edge of a bonnet, and occasionally, by a spasmodic effort, a pair of eves pouring above the heap to ascertain if »11 nao right ne regarded other portions of the party. Supposing that some hundreds of p3r ions, either hampered themselves or having a share in a hampor, did got away to onjoy themselves down the Bay, at Geelong, or at intermediate B ta ti one, as the caí 3 might be, and that a considerable number of these did arrive in time enough to di .ide that infinitésimal quantity "known as the inicie of time," into quantities still moro 'mínate, yet there arrived some who were just in time to see the groaning engine issuing with its living freight from the preoinots of the railwaystation. These numbered some 16or 20, and to any misanthropio individual who, having no prospect of Christmas enjoy- ment himself, and could, therefore, take a savage delight in the spoliation of the enjoy- ment of others, the scene must have boan highly amusing. Ebenezer Scroogo, previous lo lils reformation, would have revelled in it One portly bourgeois, carrying a carpet big' from the end of which certain greasy-lookln? packages, rolled up In newspaper, were to be seen, and " which appeared to have referenoe to some one gone before," just succeeded la making the end of Elizabeth-street as the train lett the station. The unfortunate m.n threw down his burdon, pulled ou his hat, and waved It thrice round hiß head, while a ghastly smile flickered over his vormillion indi lundus countenance. Thon, overcome with the annihilation of all his hopes of enjoyment, and the remembrance that ho only of the party had the oatablee, he sank down, over- whelmed with his exertions and his grief, on tho package containing the ham, tho chickens, and the puddings. What were tho feelings of the family, thus hurried away, leaving their "fond parient" und their dinner behind them, may be imagined. Pec haps, howover, tho misfortune might not bave been so disastrous after all, as bourgeois and his family, some hours afterwards, were to bo seen "qnlto jolly," carrying tho idoa tlcal carpet bag along the beach at St. Kill,. Ko sooner bad the weather brightened np about noon, than thora was a general men. into the thoroughfares, and oaba and vehicles of ovory description came into extensivo demand. Despairing cabmen, who had thrust tbeir horses' heads into nosebags, turned tho cushions, and closed in tho covers «f their carriages in anticipation of a wet de., were now to be seen energetically buckling up the straps and preparing for passengers. To " those who were oa pleasuro lent" perhaps no invitation could have been moro pleasant than tbat of tho cabman j "who offered to take them right away for flfhilling." Qt. Kilda, of course, was tho I rrincipal attraction to those who sought i 11-eir pleasures neor home, and early in tfio nfternoon'thero could not have been lees than 10,000 peispna scattered along the beaoh, extending from St. Kilda nearly to Brighton, while the road was literally covered with 111 icles of every imaginable kind. Omitting 11 e more aristocratic equipages, which wera j ct numerous, it seemed aa thoußh every it hiele which could be Impressed into fliu service of the excursionists ha j lum taken advantage of. Tho desi- deratum for a conveyance, in fact, seemei to be a pair of wheels, and flat boards for i bo bottom ; seats, springs, and sides were a us alter of indifference. Certain it is, that by load and rail, about the number of persons >i eu Honed found their way to the soaside, mid were seen In groupB, scattered some milos 6 on g the beach. Supposing that the majority f f these persons, which undoubtedly was tha ct se, were those who are dependent upon their ii diiBtry for subsistence-, the picture presente 1 1 j their appearance on Christmas-day, despite (Lu duincsB of trade, was in tho highest (igrco encouraging and satisfactory-not <i)!y in respect to dress and personal 11 yonrance, bat also in morale and in the iMelleotual character of their enjoyments. Judging from the number oCchildren acoom i nnjingtho various excursions, this colony v. ill form no exception to the calculation of political economists, " that colonial popula- tions double in about twenty two years." Their numbers wore perfectly prodigious, and com- paratively young parents wore surrounded by gioupB of children in every stoge of progres- sion, from " monthly gowns to breeches and lette." A novel route to St. Kilda was offered by our little colonial etcamer Phantom, which mad2 firquenfvojngeB from ! the Queen's Wharf (LoTarra Tarra to St. Kilda via Williams- town. Some hundreds of persons avalle 1 tLcmselves of this mode of transit. The little n aft had on board on her laBt voyage to St. Kilda not less than 260 persons, and about the same number returning. Apropos of this, the owners of this vessel have In contemplation a project for employing her 1 lu ehort cheap Saturday afternoon excursions, if suffi clent Indncoment for so doing bo fennel. Sandridge, " the port of Melbourne," piesented quite an interesting appearance ; eery house and store possessing tho requi lifeBOf apiece of bunting (no matter what color or nationality) and a pole, was decorated with a flag. The long Uno of magnificent i ceséis ranged on both sides of the Ballway Tier presented a truly splondid appoaranoe. Not only were they dressed ont in colors, hut fcvcrul of the ships had overgreens mounted on every yard-arm and mast head. For thoao the neighboring scrub must have been laid tinder severe contributions. Sandridgo had elco a large number of visitors. EXCURSION TO QUEENSOMPFB. Animated with a strong desire to vlaw cnco more a spot that greeted onr firat entrance into Australia, we started for the Railway Pier at Sandridge, intending to take our passage hythe Prince Albert, announced to sail for Queenscliffe, from the Queen's Wharf, at 8 a.m., and from the Railway Pier, andridge, at a quarter to 9. When we reached the pier she had not, however, arrived, and, owing to various delays, It wai over 20 minutes past 9 ere sho left the Pier en route to the Heads. She was crammed almost to suffocation, there being between SOO and 400 people on hoard, the majority, o " course, of the male sex, though the gentler goudor was by no means unrepresented, either In the shape of sweethearts or wives. The German band with the notable red caps had boen chartered for our amusement, and was intended to enliven tho progress of the ship, by enabling those devoted to the dance to pat in practice their predilections. An awning over the aft part of the steamer, put np the night before no doubt to keep off the san, proved of most officient service in combating an equally damaging antagonist, the rain-at loaet to those who were fortunate enough to secure sheltor underneath it. But notwlth i landing the drizzle, all seemed prepared to enjoy themselves as much as possible, and 03 we passed through the shipping, decorated with its holiday gear, visible through tha mitty shower, no one seemed disposed to seek shelter down bolow. But as W3 left Williamstown behind, and tho wida fxpaneo of tho magnificent Bay of Port Thilliplay bofore us, the rain carne thiokar find thickor; drop by drop, it seemed to pt netrate to our very bones, and soon the ono tost cry of "fauvequi peut" was heard on all (¡des. Tboso of the fair sex soon filled tin cabins, and wo of tho sterner kind were glad lo eeek the shelter of any nook that could nffoid us the slightest preservation from the " heavy wet." When wo had boon gone abiut three-quarters of an hour, wo perceived ano. ther steamer astern, coming in the same direction as ourselves, and seemingly anxious to overhaul us. It was the Citizen, bound for tlio same port as wo were, and with another' party of holiday-makers on board of har. Our captain, a Scotchman, of tbo M'Lean's, stuck up for the honor of his vessel, and by nil the moans in his power, Bhort of resorting to his pantry for tho bacon hams, ia this instance provided for the passengers, and not, OB in tho States, for bunkers,-urged tho i Prince Albert to her utmost speed. Bal. tuccess was notdestined to crown his efforts I tbo Citizen evidently gained upon as ; and ai sb e came near and passed us, tho band on board of her, to increase tbo disagreeable feeling i ttt-ndant upon defeat, added insult to injury by leaving us in the rear, to the tune of " The Girl I left behind mo." To maka up for our mortification, some of tho more enterprising amongst ns got np a quadrille, but it was " dancing under difficulties" in eveiy respect, and bad nothing of tho "dano icg made easy" about it. Bain, rain, a]l waa Hill rain; and as the go-a-head couples (isfiyedto toe it, tho water that lay on the deck, aB the vessel lurched from ono side to the other, washed over the feet of the dancers, to the great damage of the polish of Doy and Martin, and to the still greater detriment of the white boots and shoo3 which are becoming now not the least agree- able part of our "summer fashions." We noed say nothing about the uncomfortable natara of tho ladles' chaussure after tho "passage of the waters." But, pleasant in spite of weather, lidding defiance to the scowling natura of the heavens, and the steaming atmosphero, all seemed determined to enjoy themselves. It was now about half-past 11, and the low lunds in the neighborhood of the township of St. Leonard's carne into distinct view. Wd cannot say much for the appearance of thU ' locale. It seems as dreary a place as " Eden," immortalised by Mark Tapley's joviality. A few miserable shanties constitute the m.j nificent private and publlo buildings, and, of conree, a place dignified with the name of a 1 oti 1 is amongst them. A few stunted shrabi are all that are visible in lien of forest, and au for inhabitants, let ns hopo there nrj icono. Two passengers, whose sojourn at this woterlng-placo was by no means envied, were landed at tbo jetty 1-for by suoh a name ia dignified the hull of a ship, with o passage cnt down tho centre of it, by which the p»i eenger secures his way to terra firma. Wa were glad to leave this inhospitable-looking; shore behind, nud In the profundity of our fellow- feeling for humanity, vio sincerely pitied those destined to visit thia desolata spoton Monday, under the ausploesof Blohatd ii eales, Esq., M.L.A., and hid followers of tie League. If their pleasure has anything to I do with the beauty or interest attaohed to the Bpot they are going to, It will be bat a small modicum of gra tification that will fall to their portion, Bnt we suppose the sanotity and righteousness of " the cause" will make np for any tribula- tions or disappointment tbey may endara* . " Come, let us be merry," said Mr. Peoksalfl, bnt only " with the cup that cheer?, bnt not inebriates." However, It winnot do to put a dampor on the day beforehand, so we will oi journ criticism nntil the pic nio is post, and meantime sit down to dinner, or the dfieâner ¿ la fourchette more properly speaking, on .card the Prince Albert. A plentiful supply cf viands of the best quality had been pre- pared ; bnt, wonderful to relate, people did not seem to appreciate the display, not more than SO caring to spread their legs under the board* At first we were exceedingly astonished at thip, everything looked BO Inviting; but wa soon discovered the oause, when wo were called upon to pay. In the magnanimity of 1 our soul wo had neglected to inquire into the I cost, and, when required todisburse, we found onTF.lvt'B charged 5s. for a dinner and Sa. for a bol ti e of ale. A glass of wine, or even lemonade or glngerbeer, was not obtainable under Is. Sixpences Beemed to bo at a discount on board the Pallico Albert, except OB regarded the odd ono required from each passenger towards his fare. There is no doubt that the charges wera excessively high. So far as the dinner wai concerned, the owners must undoubtedly have lost through demanding BO much. Ead they chnrged 2s. 6J. or 3.., many more would have partakon of it, and it would have been to the advantage of all parties. As It was, most people, and at any rate all those who carno In parties, brought tbeir own provisions with them, and declined to patronise the cuisine of the steamer. With regard to drinkables, the high prices charged seemod to have no effect in preventing people from resorting to them, but that, nevertheless, ought not to betaken tis sanctioning the use of charges whloh wa cannot but consider most exorbitant. "Mais levenonB à noa moutons-c'est à dire, â la voyage." Wo were almost an hour In steam- ing tho distance between St. Leonard's and Queenscliff, the jetty of which latter place wo reached about 20 minutes past 1. The Citizen had arilved some time before, and her passengers woro all landed. The Sophia, which bad been chartered by a private party, was also lying alongside. Here evoryone landed, and spread themaolves in ali direc- tions ; Boroo resorted to the publlchouoos, and "swilled" away the time, others strolled along towards Swan Boy, others, again advanced Into the bush, and the last Bet took n look at the lighthouse and the Heads thein relves. By this time the rain had all da parted, and the day was magnificent, tho sua chining bright and clear, with a cool breozj blowing. Far as tho eye could reaoh, the waters of Bass's Straits lay before as, with numerous vessels Btuddlng tho distant horizon, tbeir whito Bails glistening in the sunshine. On our right hand lay Point Lonsdale, and far away to the left appeared tbe Quarantine Station, looking beautifully green nnd English-like. Beyond it again waa Point Nepean, with the waves at ita foot, breaking in dazzling surf over tho Corsair Bock and the surrounding reefs. Queenscliff is a pretty spot, and ¡has a very different appearance now to what It had three or four years ago. Many good houseï have been erected, and trim- looking gardens are in various places visible. With those accompaniments that the lapse of a few more years will necessarily Introduce to it, wo shall be surprised if it docs not compare favorably with many of the watering-places of the northern hemisphere. The great drawback is the want of trees, but even this may be overcome in time, and, doubtless, the Inha- bitants will take measures to do all in their power to add to the attractiveness of the place. After visiting the lighthouse we strolled In other directions, and returned to the vessel about 4 o'clock, having spent a very pleasant time ashore. The Sophia had departed an hour previously, and the Citizen left a few minutes before us, but after steaming a short woy, hove to until we were abreast of her. when round again went her paddies, and she was off, hor band ignomlnlously treating ns to "The Girl I left behind me." We etartod on our return voyage under very different auspices to those which had attended our passage down. Now, Instead of drizzling rain, all was beautifully clear, and the passengors soon began to make amends for whatever inconvenience and annoyance they had sus- tained in the first instance. Dancing was the order of the day, and WOB kept up with spirit the whole of the afternoon, though doubtless they made a more successful attempt on board tho Citizen, which hod not half so many passengers as we had. Our deck was crowded, so it may be imagined what violent ftnd fitful rencontres took place. But although the dancing was not attended, per- haps, with the same grace and ease that might bo expected to be seen at Willis's, the enjoymont of thoso who participated ia it was In no degree less. Wo touched at dreary St. Leonard'a in returning ; and the place looked, perhaps, a little less bleak in the afternoon's sunshine than it had dono in the morning's drizzle, bnt still it is evidently a desolate spot. It was about 8 p.m. when wo drew near Williamstown, and the captain, who had engaged to take thoso passengers who wished up to the Melbourne Wharf, after conlln« at Sandridge, now stated that it wai i too dark to go up the river, and that, conse- quently, ovory one must land at the Ballway Pier. Kicessitas non habet leges, and, therefore, nolensvolens, all disembarked upon the pier, and marie with all haste to the station, hoping to catoh a train about to start for Melbouraa. But wo were doomed to disappointment; the place seemed deserted ; not an engine to be eeen, and, what was of more importance, no «ne tlrofified in sufficient authority to get one. We obtained acceeB to the central room, and there commenced a drumming upon the doors | and windowB of the pay-office; but In vain, no one leaponded, and wo were over three hun- dred people-men, women, and ohlldren-all in a stow as to how we>ere to get to Mel- bourne. After waiting some considerable time, an individual-the statlon-maBter, we believe-made hie appearance, and robbing his eyes, complained bitterly of having been awakened from his Bleep at the late hour of a quarter to 9 p.m., and farther expostulating with nu for not coming sooner. However, nothiug was to bo done but to get us an on« gine, and the m BRÍO wire WBB brought into operation to assist UB. A telegram was diBpotched requesting that an engine might be Bent to us, und soon the fiery horse came en ortluß down the line, bearing with it the means for our extrication. Of course there was an onoimous rush for carriages ; but at hut all weie seated somehow, the door, h eked-a fearful screech, and in a few minutes .fle íonnd ourbeltea safely emerging from the eil y railwoy station, and departing for our various homo.*, after having spent, on the whole, a veiy agreeable Christmas Day away horn the dust and turmoil of busy Mel- bourne. TUB Itr-PBR YAREA. For some hours parties might bosoenoa the banks of the Torra-first Consulting the tcatmen, who, of course, all prophesied a nae 1 cuy; and thon looking outforaBnu.il speok 1 ti blue sky, while oarncbt entreaties to tura Uiki_i_Lt be. hoard from ladies, Who,,na mindful of the uncertainties of plo-ulo weather, had ventured upon new hats au i I new dresses. At last old Sol seemed deter rained to have a holiday also, and bnrat opan his misty veil, cheering up hy his first smiling élance many a fair brow and desponding heart, and making the dall surface of the Yarra the bearer of numerous precious cargoes, and the echoer oLpft-repeated joyou3 larißhter, The boatmen complained (but that is no novelty) that it was nothing like last: Ohrietmoa Doy, but our experience of holi- days leads ns to deolare that, so far as river pic-nios are concerned, Saturday last nee! yield the palm to no preceding Christmas. Whot more conld bo wished? There wer j music and singing-singing, too, by some v bom wo have had the good fortune to 1 ear in more than one favored spot la this country - danolng, swinging, pri tonera' base, boating, hair-breadth es- cupes from being capsized, and, in fact no lack of the etceteras which generally form a conspicuous part in the composition of a plc-nic. Even the locusts appeared to know that it wos Christmas Doy, for they not only tang moro lustily, and flow about moro briskly, but thoy also showed a quick perception of tho way in whloh Eng Sh-h people keep their Christmas, by occa- sionally alighting npon the tablecloth, filled with, fraudulent deslgnB upon the gally e'ecked puddings and savory mince pies. Oremorne also had its visitors, some of whom, deterred hy the false alarms of " a thorough wet day," had consented to eat their picnic provisions at home, and then bo seen later in the day In the neighborhood of the Bichmond Punt ; and others, who pre- ferred tho artificial Bbnde of a verandah with Its concomitants of pipes, tea, and waiters, to the more natural and colonial one of the gum tree. Many also had been attracted by curiosity to see the preparations for the first Australian fair. Tho Botanical Gardens likewise had many visitors) ns they deserve to have every holiday. On tho whole, then, the banks of tho Yarra wero as plentifully dotted with pleasure Beckers this, as in former years, and the ** harvest home" of the boatmen will probably turn out a satisfactory one after all. SCHNAPPER POINT. The steamers Lady Bird and Keera con- veyed a large number of passengers to this favorite watering-placo. The former vessel had about 170 and the latter about 90 persons on board. The arrangements were conducted on board both vessels in a satisfactory manner, And, after all fear of a wet day had subsided' there was nothing to mar the pleasure of the tourists. Both vessels were provided with excellent bands of music. The passengers wero landod.on thonewjetty, direotly from the steamers, and, after spending about four hours on shore, re-embarked about 4 o'clock In the afternoon, and were landed at Melbourne befo.e sundown. 