I IRELAND. I The remains of Mr John O'Connell were interred on the 29th of May, beside those of his brother Maurice, in Ghisnevin Cemetery. The funeral cortege is said to have been the longest since the burial ofO'ConneU, in 1847. After the body had been consigned to the vault, a meeting was held in the cemetery, for the purpose of taking the preliminary steps towards the formation of a committee to collect subscriptions to a fund for the re lief of the widow and children of the de ceased. The Bight Hon. the Lord Mayor presided, and resolutions expressive of con dolence with and sympathy for Mrs O'Con nell and her family were adopted. The meeting was addressed by the Bight Hon. J. D. Fitzgerald, M.P., Mr Carew O'Dwyer, Mr Patrick O'Brien, M.P., Sergeant Deasy, &c.; A sum amounting to nearly £1000 was collected on the spot, and a permanent com* mittee of gentlemen nominated for the pur pose of receiving further contributions, which now amounts to £1800. Mr Ralph S. Cusack, J.P , has been ap pointed to the office of Clerk of the Hanaper, vacant by the decease of Mr O'Connell. Mr Cusack has been a most devoted ally of the Conservatives. The Westmeath Independent brings an ac count of au] attempt to assassinate Lor<f Castlemaine. A pensioner, named Kelly, rushed at his lordship, while passing through a street in Athlone, and attempted to stoke him with a large knife. Lord Castlemaine warde ! off the blow by raising his stick, and knock-d the knife from the fellow's hand. It seems that, some time ago, Kelly was a tenant of a small house, the property of Lord Castlemaine, from which he was dispossessed for non-payment of rent. EXTRAORDINARY - SCENE AT TUAM. Thursday, the 3rd inst,, having been the festival of Corpus Chiisii, great numbers were to be seen entering Tuarn, to witness the usual procession of the "H<st." About one o'clock the procession appeared. The host was carried by Dr M'Hale under an ornamented canopy, borne by four eccle. siastics, surrounded by a few priests in rich vestments, preceded and followed by trains of nuns and young girls. When the proces sion approached the leading entrance, ac companied by a large crowd of persons with hats oflj it was met by the Rev. C. H. Sey» mour, holding a Testament in hil hand, who, when the procession drew near the gate, ad vanced towards Dr M'Hale, and said, "Ian the minister of Jesus Christ in Tuarn, end as such I do solemnly protest against the idolatrous ceremony, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. I do also declare that ' God is e spirit, and they that worship tum must worship bim in spirit and in truth,' and thal every one who is a sharer in this idolatrouf ceremony is guilty of a sin which will keej. him from the kingdom of heaven." On thu sn official said, " This is the Ark of the Co venant;" and another, "We have Jesui Christ here." Mr Seymour replied, " Jesui Christ is in heaven, at the right hand of God and not there ;and it is idolatry to worshij God un'er an image." An attempt wat now made to close the gate by an order o sonie person in the crowd. This order wa afterwards countermanded, and the gat thrpwa open. When the procession re turn ei towards the chapel an animated conversatioi took place between Mr Seymour and some c the people, while others hooted. Soon site Mr Seymour left without having bee molested by the crowd. KOSB BBSÚU3T KIQTB. \ WehajeagajatQtt^fha rttWTO« ( jSunday rióte In Belfast. *"They broke out on the afternoon of Sunday, the 30th of May, ^?wwám hang the burial of a woman, the oWhter^famember of the Bomen Catholic gunclnbl The "mourners" seemed to have 'Walked ia procession^ *<and some of them carried green boughs-an emblem of offence to the Protestante, of ooaree. Many persons vere injured with atones, the constabulary and the magistrate having Buffered severely. The Biot Act.hadio beTead, and orders were given to the police to fire on the rioters, although that extreme step was happily found ¡ unnecessary. I ? The riotB" were resomea on the 2nd «Tune, i A body of the Orange party, mustering some | 800 or 900, made their way, shortly after I seven o'clock in the evening, to St Malachis Chapel, at which they discharged volleys of stones. Newe of this no sooner reached the j Catholics, than they in. like manner concen trated their forces. The struggle which en sued in thus described in the Northern Whig: Both parties, as if by mutual consent, met on a road contiguous, the Orange party Old Dublin road, and their opponents the field on the other side, which is protected by a brick wall running from the Covenanting Meeting-house to Adelaide Place. When passing Mr M*EMney*s timberi-yards the Catholics armed themselves with bludgeons, which these premises readily provided. A terrible struggle ensued, more resembling the faction fighxs, for which the south and west of ireland were notorious, than anything that has hitherto occurred in Belfast. The road was covered with stones, and a better oppor tunity the rioters could not have had for testing their prowess. For forty minutes thia battle raged with terrible vigor. Stones fell as thick aa hail in the midst of the rioters; men fell as if struck by gun-shot, ar.d women too ; for the " softer" sex-if the term is applicable here-were among the roost prominent 1< aders on both sides. In fact, the women superintended the ammuni tion department of the respective parties. At one time the Catholic body retreated ; at another period of the contest the Orange party gave way, with all the stratagem and manoeuvring of a military campaign, for the purpose of entangling their foe. Once the Orange party appeared as if defeated, in order that the Catholics might pursue them over the wall that divided them, taking care to leave ¡some sharp stone throwers in ams bus eade ready to pick down any one who had the daring to mount the dreaded wall. This contest lasted for about half an hour, when the combatants determined come to close quarters. The Catholics were well armed with bludgeons. In a moment's time they rushed at the Orange party with their cudgels, and a hand-to-hand fight ensued. The Orange brigade having wrested some of the sticks from their opponents, both sides were about equally matched. For a short pe riod the scene which occurred almost baffles description. Broken heads and bloody noses were the order of the fight. Several men fell down senseless, and were carried off in that condition, to be replaced by more able com batants. Daring all this time not a member of the constabulary, not a "local" nqr soldier waa near the spot. About three- quarters of an hour after the fighting commenced, Mr Lyons, J.P., Dr M'Gee, J.P, and Sub-Inspector Bindon, appeared on the ground, accompanied by about forty police, two mounted police, and a company of soldiers. As soon as this force appeared, the rioters made a hasty retreat the Catholics retiring towards Malachy's chapel, and the Orangemen in the direction of Sandyrow. Mr Lyons read the Biot Act, and posted a detachment of soldiers at various corners of the scene of this desperate contest, unequalled in fierceness in recent times in Belfast. For some time afterwards the rioters of both sides carried ou the fray at various points of the town, while magistrates and orderlies were riding in hot haste through the streets, shutters were put up and business establish ments closed. Tlie military were now called out. They did their work in the following manner :-The whole strength of the garrison depots, numbering some 800 or 900 infantry and a company of cavalry, dashed into Done gall place at double pace time. A portion of the force was directed to dislodge the rioters in M'Clean's fields, while the remainder were formed into a corps of observation in Done gali place, ready to move on any part of the disturbed districts. The cavalry charged through several streets in the neighborhood of the Pound, were riotous crowds were assem bled. The military, by the direction of the magistrates, returned to the barracks shortly before eleven o'clock. Tho riots seem now to have subsided. An additional military force has been sent for, and Mr Tracy, the resident magistrate, has issued an order authorising the police to use their arms. The Grand Orange Lodge has solemnly prohibited all external demonstrations tipon the 12th July. the field on the west side of the 