PUBLIC BREAKFAST TO THE BEV~ THOS. BINNEY. Oa Wednesday the Rev. thus, iunney, who u about fo terminate Ms Ti»it to this colony, was entertained at a pubtt; breakfast in White's Rooms. Mr. H» D. Hanson, 4 ftnmflrJ^neral. bceinled the chair. On his right wu 2IacDjiine!l and the unest of the day, Mr. Binney. There were about 300 ladies and gentlemen present. The AxroMraT-GEjrEiui, after tha substantial pirt or thceaterUinmenthad been disposed or, rose and said under ordinary circumstances the co-are of tha meeting would be regular, and we!l understood. Those who wera present would take the opportunity of expmslnfr to their guest their feelings a. to his presence, and their estimation of what he was and what he had done. They would,in doing that, recognise his high intellectual attain ment'! and express their appreciation or what he had done for the cause or humanity as a writer and as a speaker-, through the press and through the instrumentality of the pulpit. (AppIausJ.) That woutd h»Te been the ra'/iral corns* of proceeding at the present meeting, and it would hive gton him (Mr. Hanson) peculiar pleasure had ha been placed In a position to state what he felt, and what the meeting must feel, In reference to such a subject. He wold then nave referred to his long pro viou* acquaintance with the guest of tha day, and it would have given much satisfaction to do so. B it in deference to the wishes of Mr. Binney, it had been determined to alter the ordinary course of procedure, and instead of speaking of that Kentleman, to tell him what projress the colony had tnado since Its foundation, ami nnat had been done by those who first landed here — hjT we bad accomplished the results which Mr. Sin' ey saw. and what we thought of our present social portion. Then that gentleman would tell the meeting the i -repressions made upon him during his stay here— he beh- a stranger amongst us, though not a stranger to th» ''^torv of the colony, but a stranger to our country, cot i i ? amongst us from a high state of civilization, and cuiin' from the other colonies— a stranger, who by ri-ng us his impressions under these circumstance*:, wuuld tell tho meeting many things of interest and ad vtit-iw. He (Mr. Hanson) would not take up the jrr.i-.mi which would be taken up by sneceeding ; Speakers, because the meeting would, hear from them the matters on which they would speak, better than they could from him. He need only ; mv in calling upou His Excellency the Gofernorin CaiiJ t.i introduce the first subject-' The visible pro gre«s of Christian union in South Australia —that in ? the course of the proceedings the meeting would hear addresses from many whose attainments were held ] amongst us in high respect, and to whose elod.aenoe the public had otteu listened with pleasure, and would have many opportunities of listening to again. But ' psrhips they would never have an opportunity or heorir.jr their respected guest again; and therefore ho would suggest that all the space which couid be affjrded snould be (riven to him, so that as full an on- irtunity as passible should be ailoned him for statiik' his impressions and advice. Oue remark more he would make : he had said how much pleasure he felt in la.in? the chair upon this sccatiou, and how much lid*!ioi:u have felt had the order of proceeding been different ; but he wished also to say that it had beeu felt b. Liit.ii! connected with the organization 01 ths meet in*- tiiat His Excellency the Governor would haw been ' tho rai-»t suitable person to take the chair, and be might say it was from 110 want of sympathy with the senti- . ' nra ?« of those who called the meeting, nor a want or ' tiudly f. eliug towards their guest, that the Governor did ' uut iiresiiie, but a desire that on an occasion when they were iu-t together to do honour to Mr. Binney a person i connected with that gentleman at home should be ?] called upon to occupy tha chair. It was on thit ground tha' the meeting was deprived of His Excellency's services in the chair, but in consequence of that the ' mecnatr wouli lavj the pleasure of hearing His ' Exeoi.'e.-iey express hU feelings and sentiments on ths ' s-.tbuet before them. His free aitBSCT slid it ha 3 jmt betn tralj remarked ' by in.- Cnoirmau mot thU wu an unusual occasion. At ' tne some time be felt that if there was anything specially ' Ub'iiual it was the fa.-t that the meeting was oue of mure ' tiun ordinary interest. He trusted that tin occasion wjuM be used far the purpose of mat'ng it profitable to ' thenu :lres and to the country ; and his object In wishing ! to adJress the meeting, besides a desire to evince his ' I.c-d uial respect to the guest of tho day, was to extract J Iron the occasion some profit; available to himself, to those who were present, and to a far greater Dumber wiii were Hot present. At the same time, however, that t!i. y expected to derivflwprofit from the remarks of Mr. lu ?my, it was oulj natural that many who were present , fchouM be moveJ by an^t'.ie.- motive, viz., a laudable ' cu:i ,=:!.)— j curiosity which conveyed no reflection either ; uyuu tli ir gnesU or upon themselves — to hear the opi- ? nija oT their rev. friend on South Australia. In the , e.rly days of the colony, most of them knew that if ;.:r. Uinuey did not take an active part ia the actual fuu l'latiou of South Australia, he wa_* intimately cou lie.' il with rnauv who were engage i in that wurt, and tiiL- (ir- j.L-t cf the tint s.-ttlement aud its future progress we: c iKHiueutly earnest topics of eonrersuLon between th m. This colony was, tie might say, a creature ot ioina, not of chmcd. (Applaase.) It was a project e;.. ? il o:i certain Cted principles; aad nothing— as he liul \\- fore thisoeca-ij:i remarked to Mr. Uiun. j— could, m i^e conceived, produce a higher moral gratification, or a v.ilicii a higher and inure iutellectaal interest in the mi:i ! of a gentleman w: nectei with the foundation of a cjluny. than to bo spared by Providence to come out, in t-'.e lull maturity ot t\U jutlgment aud intellect, aud a:!i r a lapse of 21 years, to judge fur himself of the result. il r. l:i:;;;cy, i-i cjiuin? amongst uf, must h^ve seen much tu I'lcte, as rtxardtd our material progress, although the co:nlort which no* existed hai b.-cn won by a hard mi-i.-.'le from the soil. U, however, tliz present occa si ju u.u to be nude proStable, he hoped tuat not only the merits of South Australian! would be dwelt oa— as was iuo frequently the habit of public speakers here — but lint their demerits and shortcoming* would also be cj-.i 4 ieied, so 23 to render their gueai's visit reall; us iul. (Liu^hter.) Mr. Dinney, he hupad, would say lux far iuhUupician the eolouy deserved the prosperity which it enjoyc-i— whether the utmost had been done for prop^Tly Uiing the wealth which hai been produced— wli-tlicr, hiving been so willing to confer on the masses tho most extreme, political privileges, we had dons all th;t wuW bo done for their eJue-itiou so ai to mike them worthy of the trust. (Hear, hear.) By giving thovihU views on these subjects, he wsulj cou:cr more be-icdt in them than if he were to pass the highest eul liium upon us. He (Ilii Exccllencj) had been asked by the Committee to speak to the ' visible proiresj of Christian union'— atopic which he presume i was'meant in reference to this colony. He only hoped tint it was not given to him because of any difficulty ei.-meeCcd with the discovery of the signs ot such pro ffci. Stiil, he would have been glad to find that the proL-re-.s ut CliristSui unioa wu more apparent in the coloay than it was in hu i owcr to Btate waj the case, so far ix- in ouU-ard lotena could be discerned. Xeverthe lc^-, ou the whole, perhaps its outward signs were as pnMt as could be expected m a colony ot il years of age. S j tar :i4 the Anglican Church was concerned, there was un increasing unbn between its members produced by chan.-ed in t e details of its local cou.titution, and the c;us»r teUtiotm thereby cemented between the clergy and the la ty. 'fhcsu changes adapted the Anglican Church more and more to the wants of that Church in th;3 tobuy. lie was unwilling to epeak as to other Churches, with tr.e progress and orKinizition.of which he was not so well a:.-xuainted u with those of his own. Uut if Mr. ltinsey had been so obser vant as he believed lie had been, he could n'js hiva travelled through the colony without noticing the pleasant intercourse which took place be tween iho members of the virious Beformed Churches existing here. Still whilst much had been doue he did uut say that much did not still remain to be accom plished. Indeed so much did he take the latter view of Uw DUtiject that ho thought it was possible that the ui.iun ot action between the Christian Churches in this culun; was not an v thing like what it wuuld be hereafter. lie would thcre'ore refer to one or two points connected with ?u.;h future union in their co.nmou labours, wnich he hoped Mr. lliuiiej's visit to this colony would do miiL-h ti- promoti'. (Appbose.) When ha (the liovcr nur) spoke of a visible union of the Reformed Churches he was not blind to some of the advantages which would result if the various sections of the gieat Prutcjtaut Church of Christ could all b« replaced by one great union— a union which would give a'ltlit.uuai strength to tb-3 various parts as well as to the uuited whole. Uut 'although that plan had been recently discussed it seemed to him to partake far more of the nature ot a (.leasaat dream than of a contingency probable to be realized. He would rather take a more practical view of the subject, and piefemd to accept the various organizations ol the different denominations as he found them, for he believed them in general to be eminently suited to the work which they had to accom plish, lie also felt that before we parted with what was kn jwn to be useful we should take care that something at Iciwt as good could be certainly obtained in its place, lie would nut like to lose the constitution of his owd CLu c'.i if he did not feel certain that something better cjuI I b- substituted for it. Nay, more; he would admit that he was extremely prejudiced in favonr of his own Church, lie w» bora in that Church-he hoped to die in it ; his father was a minister In it, and many eminent tiirines connected with his family had belonged to it Therefore his feelings and associations, his future hope.*, aud his past memories had naturally prejudiced him in favour of the Anglicm Church. Bat every one would admit that there might be many kinds of prejudices. A prejudice might be irrational— violent— without txcuse ; and oa the other hand a prejudice might be pardonable, in Eon-.e degree actually amiable. With one who, l.ke kirn .elf, had heard the simple Liturgy of the English Church in his earliest chiUhood from the lips ot bis mother and father, to whom in many trials afterwards of a Hut untVcnttul life it had been a consolation, it would be difficult to call it an irrational prejudice. i'«r himself, sooner than abandon that Liturgy, with a -iew tu ciuiiug others by such concession* to amalgamate with Ids Church, or with a view to saving that Church from peisecutions of its uppuuenU— rather than do s , he repeated, he would go, as the old Cjve inuters did, to the hi bide ana light it oat. (Cheers.) Uut ha begged them to remark that it was possible lor him tu hold this view, and have all these personal feel lug*, and jet not be illiberal in dealing with others. Indeed, his owu reluctance to abandon what long usage &nd; moiiT a loved association had made dear to him nude him disinclined to call nnon others t/- nhnnrinn their opinions or their prejudices — (applause)— espe- cially when theie was really no necessity for such a course. Aud they no doubt felt as he did. Therefore, he repeat-.d, tha', to him, seemed a Utopian dream, and though it might com* true hi the Millennium, jet not to be realized in our time, that all the Protestant Churches could be braised together, that there should be a fusion of the shattered materials, out ol which they mteht all be recast and re moulded in a uniform shape. Nor was this to be re gretted perhaps. The Anglican Church had not b:en so olive to her duty as she should be till many fell from her. She had been when wholly dominant too innch domineering. (Cheer?,) We owed, thereforf, no slight debt of gratitude to those who separated from that Church, because that event roused the Church to a purer and loftier sense of its duty. But although he had all those strong feelings o( affection, and even of prejudice, in favour ot the Anglican Ctrarch, he would appeal to the meeting whether those opinions had ever led daring his administration to any Illiberal act of his towards those who differed from him. (Applanie.) Far from it, for his wish— his most earnest with— had always been and still was, to assist every effort to effect a closer union of Christian labour between his own and all sections of the Beformed Church, provided their respective organization remained nndUturbed. (Hear, hear.) That was an alliance which Mr. Dinner's visit mightperhaps,benKfulinpromotiog,and was a change bj which there might be brought about a closer community of labour where there flreadj existed to perfect a cem- munity of faith. (Hear, bear.) Thus there would be a more hearty co-operation in all our Protestant mission;, in cur schools, and he might say in our pulpits. (4p plause.) This brought him to one point specially con nected with the topio to which be was speaking, viz, the viiible progress of Christian union. And here he would hive to refer to Mr. Binney. and to use eulogiitic language In reference to that gentleman which he would rather not use when he was present, but he was obliged to do so because Mr. Binney's high qualities fanned a portion of his argument. The case was this— a minister of the Gospel holding In all essential points the same doctrines as his own Church— a minister possessing eminent talents, and one whose fame had preceded him— arrives in the colony, and many members of the Anglican Church naturally desire to hear him preach; but although his doctrine was the same as that of their own Church, there nevertheless existed a usage— a despotic tradition.— a supposed law in that Church, which prevented its members from hearing Mr. Binney -within the, walls of an Episcopalian Church. Now, he did not think any complete Christian union in the labours common to all would be possible so long as a restriction like that existed. (Applause.) He was most desirous on principle to abolish such a restriction, and as it was necessary whenever a step wu to be made in advance that somebody should take the \- initiative, he had I done so by putting his name to a memorial which had been addressed to the Bishop re questing His Lordship to Invite Mr. Binney to pieach In one of tne Episcopal -n Churches In hU diocese At the same time.he had taken care that there should' be in serted in the memorial a sentence to the effect that those signing the memorial 'believed they were rn»%fn|f - inff . , gastion in accordance with the wtih.es of HJi Lcrdfbfp on the subject 'H« (the Governa^belteved that to be' ths case, because ho had the pleasure of reading a letter oa tha subject addressed by the Bishop to Mr! Binaey; aud which he hoped would yet be published No one eotJd put tho case which he (the Governor) was now idroeating more strongly than the Bishop him ieir had done in that letter; bat neverthelcu h« had not come to the conclusion which would naturally result from his own premises, for he i»d not invited Mr. Bipney U preach, though ho liprHsed his opinion that he had tha power to do so in Has diocese. His Lordahip wascosv away from town, wait would b* impossible to get any reply from him to ihe memorial before the departure of Mr. Binn y ; but he rou d say that i- the Bishop had invited Mr. Biuney he ronld have d ne so from his own desire and conviction*, ind not because he had been pressed to do so by others. Clear, hear.) Thus there was an obstacle still nn e-noved— a barrier between the Protestant denomlna jons and tha Anglican Church— which must bo ?emoved before any really effective Christian alliaaeo -etween them could be expected. It was absurd that my man should be suppossd to object to hear In his -wn Church the great spiritual doctrines of thatChurch ixpouudtd with more Uian usual propriety and force, md he (the Govirnor) believed that there was uu imonical or other law against this, because the laws rhich applied to parish churches in England were not tpplicablo here, where there were no parishes. He did tot mean that Mr. Binney should go to one of their smirches and perform there the same service as In his \--m. It was important to observe that in this respect ie meant there shtuld bean e- tiro reciprocity. (Hear, tear.) In an interchange for a day of pulpitv, the ninister should proceed according to the ritual aud ?uitoms of the Church in which he officiated for the imp, if he believed he could do so without violence to lia conscience, otherwise he should not attempt it. If, iowever, he would join in their prayers and preach ram their pulpits, they should never shut the door of Jod agsintt a man like their guest, the great glory of rhose Ufa It had been to expound the Gospel, (rlsar, lear.) Bat the concession— if that was the name for it— hould bii mutual. He would further impress on them hat in signing the memorial t« the BUhop, it was not leant in reference to Mr. Biuney alone, but that it in dived a very important principle, applicable to any other 'rotestant minister of sufficient attainments and aouud iess of doctrine. He had never meai.t, however, that he door of their portion of the Reformed Church was to e thrown opea to any person who might choose to walk n and ascend the pulpit. He considered that the privilege f inviting ministers of other congregations should be vcfully exercised, aud extended only to those whose at- - linments wereofatuificlintly highstandard. (Applause.) fe by no means thought that when a person had foiled in rery other trade he wu quiUflad to take up the highest ailing of ail— riot when he could succeed ia nothing 1 Ite ho was to put himself for.vard as au ambassador of Ihrist. (Cheers) lie would never throw open t!ie I Iliu'cl. to men of that kind, ani whenever the principle - rhieh he was contending for was conceded he hoped ' tiat nothing would be done tending to lower the stau- i ard of education in ministers permitted to address the ? ongregations of his Church. (Applause.) He, had now 1 tat ed his views in this matter, and he felt with paia i tiat perhaps they would rouse more or les-s opposition ' rom many brethren of the Anglican Church. ' He did i rust, however, that the echo of these woids would not ' ie away altogether in that room. He hoped they would - e the commencement of a crusade against every barrier t -involving u - scriptural difference of vital doctrine— ] thlch separated one Protestant Church from another in I nis or tha neighbouring colonies. Let each maintain f ny organization it pteferret!, so long aa each I -incd In promoting the general labour of extending 1 tie Reformed Church, and promoting the advance- I lent of religion. He felt, ia advocating this, lilt whatever differences of opinion existed now ' ro.ild equally exis: five, ten, or twenty years hence ; s j 1 nat the first step towards the species of union which he 1 ecommended as practical and feasible might just as well i e made at once at at a later period. He had, therefore, i railed himself of the present opportunity prominently i a saggest this topic to the Christian aud friendly con- ! [deration of his brethran in all branches of the Heformed ' Ihurch ; and if Mr. Binney could assist in promoting ' iiis object throughout the colonies, h» would have here- ' fter no nobler or pleaainter recollection amongst all i U many and varied labours ; and it would be a causo of '? lad rejoicing aud a peaceful triumph to South Australia ' nat she, who was but the youngest daughter of Great Iritain in this hemisphere, should originate, in addition j so many other reforms, religious aad political, a Ihristian movement for the destruction of all barriers hat separated tha various sections of ProtesUntbm ere or elsanuere from a union of labour, where they Ir.ady had the great blessing of a united faith, (Ap ilauic.) His Honor Sir Chjlblbs Coofzk, after an apology for ; ilmself as not the most fit person who could have been elected to discharge the duty devolving- upon him, said he sentiment he had to speak upau was Christian union. ; Jut what was that ? It wu a sincere union of all pro esacd Christians without any regard tomiu r differences if opinion. Bat how was that union to be promoted ? - Jertainly not by persecution. Christian union could : inly exist where libeity existed, and Christian liberty ' md ChrUtiau union must tvec walk hand in hand, i ieing a lawyer, he was acquainted with many statutes ' nad% for ths promotion of tho Christian faith according ' 0 tne ritcj and ceremonies of the Church of England. ' n Elizabeth's reign an Act was passed iufl'.cting ? -enalties upju those wh - did not attend the serviced of ? hat Church. Under that Act not to go to Church was : lighly penal. From time to time afterwords Acts of a ' itringent nature were brought it), which inflicted heavy ; lvalues on all who did not couform. These measures ' night produce the semblaiue of uniformity, but, nitcad cf securing real union, they ensured the reverse -;' it. By Act 6 of George I. the Mayor and Corporation iould not go to their own place of worship in their robes f they ware nut Episcopalians, under the penalty of ieing disabled from holding any public office afterwards. That was not promotive of Christian union, but was :alculated to foster bad feeling in those against whom he Act was directed. So late as Charles the Sx-ond's eign the Act ds heretico comburendo—tbe Act for burn ng- heretics ac'urdhig to law— had to be repealed, ['hat was no mark, again, of Christian union. As history iro.-eedcd the penal laws wero done away. At one time 1 law was in existence by which Roman Catholics were iisablcd from inheriting or taking by will any lands «hich descended or wero demised to them. That Act aad been repealed, as had also that which prohibited Roman Catholics from taking upon thcinselvc* the edu- ;ation of the r children under pain of perpetual impri sonment. In addition to the removal of these unjust laws from the sutute-bjuk, the Corporation and Test A.ct and tho Roman Catholic Disabilities Act had been repealed, so that all denominations h d been placed in England almost in tho same position. In South Aus tralia they were preciselj iu the tame position ; for every aw by wh ch Christian union was formerly sought to be impelled, but by which it really was impeded, wa3 doue i*ay ; and all were able to co- operate iu Christian effort Tor the common guod. Another aasistativo to ChrUttan inion In the colonies was tho progress of education ; for truly had it beeu said that persecution was the daughter }f ignorance. He believed also that another great means 3f promoting Christian union was the existence of emi nent men in the different Dissenting churches; for whe ther a man belonged to the Church or to Dissent, if he were a bright and shining light penons would go to him for spiritual improvement without reference to the sec tion of the Church to which he might belong— whether he belonged to his particular denomination or not. The late Kobert Hall exerted a great iunuence in that way. Who could read his works aud not wish to imitate the man ? The visit of their reverend friend would also tend to promote Christian union. He could sincerely say that it was a matter of regret to him thai he had heard so little of his (Mr. Binney's) preaching, and that he was grieved to think he was about to deparl ?i soon. He wished to see him in the pulpits of the Church of England, and toped he might not be thought insincere in expressing that wish, b:cau3e, whilo His Excellency bad signed the note addressed tu the Bishop in favour of Ht. Binney's doing so, he (3:r Charles Cooper) had not signed it. He uid not sign that note, not because he didni-t wish Mr. Binney to preach in the churches of his owu den ruination, but because he doubte 1 whether the Bishop had power to give permission con shtently with the law bearing upon the point. He should be very glad tj sign any document which might have for its aim the enlargement of the bounds of the Church. He made those remarks because he should be sorry, since the fact of his not signing the request was known, if any should suppose he wai unfavourable to the measure, or to the rev. gentleman to whom it referred. He had heard the Rev. Mr. Stow and ministers of other denominations with pleosuie. and had co- operated with ministers of other sections of the Church in ths forma tion of school* and other nbjects of broad basis ; yet he must ever hesitate to do anything of the complete propriety of which he had any doubt. He could only ?ay, in conclusion, that he hoped the visit of their re spected frl;nd, if it did not prove the commencement of a new era in the religious hl,t-ry of the colony, mi^ht bava the effect of leading th;m on in the right way, and of causing them to joia hand in hand and increasingly work together. The liev.T. (J.Srow, amid great applause, rose to speak to tha subject of ' Civil aud Hiligious Liberty as existing In the colony.' Beferringto that part of the Chairman's address, in which he spoke of a limit being atsigned to each speaker, he said that on the principle of the old divines, who advised that where there was deep impression there should be close self-application, hi would study to observe tue brevity recommended. This he might accomplish if he dismissed at once the forasr half of the sentiment entrusted to him, which he was quite willing to do, as it referred to civil liberty : a sabjeot on which he tbanght he had never uttered five sentences since he had been in the colony, never having been an agitator in that direction. He could, therefjra, cheerfully leave that subject to other hands. With respect to the second half— religious liberty— be might remark thit it was clear the framers of the ? :utimcnt did not leave it open to him to r ve over all me commonplaces of the great subject, but bound him down to a distinct exhibition of that liberty by the words ' in this colony.' If he were asked to furnish on* word which would describe that liberty, it would he the wrd completeness. It was lone since religious freedom had begun its progress, and rough had been its course; but in South Australia it had its consummation. The proper date at which religious freedom commenced was when they left off burning men and women for conscience sake— a humble beginning indeed. Yet it was something for noble minds to feel that that hot ordeal was no longer to be passed through, that their reason and their couscience were no longer in danger of being thrown off their balance by such means. It was still more to feel that they were no longer in danger of suffering from the hands of men not cruel so much as mistaken. But they could not say religious liberty was complete while they laid hold of honest men, cutting their ears off, and inflicting upon them other personal indignities, and ofttimes placing them in the stocks or casting them into dungeons, there to pine away in hopeless misery, leaving their wives and children to struggle on in want and woe. Even when those rigours relapsed, a capricious freedom, consisting of indulgence, compromise, and respite, ensued, which could not be entitled to be pronounced complete, since It was only like freedom which the cat gave to the mouse releasing if for a moment only to pounce down upon it again. There came a real stride in the progress of re ligious freedom when there was extended to all denomi nations toleration— a word which was at a considerable discount at present, but which the name of John Knox should save from contempt. It was indeed a great thing for men and women to be able to worship God ac cording to the dictates of their own consciences, and offer their prayers in their own manner. But still religious liberty was not complete at that point. Under those circumstances those who differed from their fellow-men in their faith and practice were like prisoners, who, though they might be at large, must not wear the badges and bear the stigmas of infamy by being pre cluded from civic honours. Religious liberty was never complete when men could not gain the possession of such honours without sinking their manhood, nor with out partaking of the sacrament with another communion because candidates for offices of gain. Some thought that enough, but it could not be while such badges re mained. A more enlarged social view led to the aboli tion of the Test and Corporation Act, and ultimately to the passing of the Roman Catholic Emancipation Act. Those were great concessions; but there were men who came out to these colonies who did not think religious liberty was complete while there was an element or com pulsion in it— while they were compelled to pay asything for the support of their own religion or that of others. These men acted upon that conviction aad gained their point. It was not his intention to th'ow down the gauntlet before those who had not attained so far as they had, but he might make a few remarks to console them. It was no wonder if those who climbed the hill and gained the summit waved their little flag, especially when they thought that the eyes or 40 sister colonies or Great Britain were upon them, and If they also believed that the parent country was, looking on tho banner and marking the religious freedom which existed in South Australia. Yes, looking wishfully they would see that relieious freedom in Australia was complete, triumphant, and eternal. (Cheers.) The more advanced view of religtous freedom which was taken—a view harmonizing with the right of private judgment, and which left religion to win its way and do its work with man— had no sooner been adopted than it was ound to work peacefully among the community. H« (M-. Stow) could not but think it was a good thing thelr friend, Mr, Binney had not arrived In the colony some eight or nine years before. Such a storm raged then as great men might stand against without suffer* ag, bat against which he confessed that little men could tot. Like the storm of pelting hail of the day before, rhlch it was scarcely possible to face, it drove. There ras thuader, lightning, blattsof wind, hail, and all that ?as disagreeable. Happily Mr. Binney arrived when all was calm, an i there was not a ruffle on the surface of the religious circumstances of the colony, and he could tail along the bosom of the lake folly enjoying ,hunael', ind he (Mr. Stow) fully enjoyed it too. He sa-v the renerable Archdeacon Woodcock opposite to him, and ronld ask him was it not a miserable thing fighting and bhtlng and no end of it? (Laughter.) He could not lelp it. Hii convictions compelled him to fi='li«, and so lid his (Mr. Woodcock's.) (Cheers.) But the battle was over, and they had often shaken hands since. Applause.) He had had a great litigation with ill the dignitaries of the Episcopal Church; and he aw the Dean was present, and remembered a prophecy rhieh hs had then delivered, which had proved far more me than many an oracle had been In its utterance, ileeting him on North-terrace, when a politico-ecclesias tical contest was going on, he (Mr. Stow) wondered how he Dean would look upon him. He knew the Dean ould not be pleased with matters as they then stood; int he was sever more placid, and said, ' Well, you're tcking us in the elections.' After a complimentary chat m anotlur occasion, he gave utterance to the prediction illuded to, saying, ' I hope now we Bhall have peace ' That prediction bad bsen verified; they had peace, they tad it still, and he believed they woald continue to have t. (Cheers.) Indeed, that morning they hod something letter than peace— they had Christian union. (Ap ilause.) In conclusion, he would state that about two jars agohehad asceitaiued, from statistics he had been at ume pains to collect, that the population had increased Ince the great struggle, which ended in pure volun arjlstn, e? per cent.; stated ministers had increased 78 ie? cent.; and churches and chapels ha.4 increased 133 ler cent. This might save from anxieties es to the re ult of the principle affirmed, because it showed they fere really, as to religious means, gainiug upon the lopnlation, and were adding to peace more vigorous Christian life— a generousy eonsidentiour, high-minded ?nd lawc-hearted support of rtligious aud educational Mtitutions. In Chun, said the reverend gentleman Then everything is prosperous and fair, they call it a ;olden trtnquillity. We have tranquillity here, and it ia or us to make it a jrolden tranquillity. (Ureat applau»e.) Tha Hon. S. DAVKirpoBT,inrisintrtoBpeoi to 'the mportanca to these colonies of the vbits of ministers of religion, or men of science and literature,' made refer ence to the absence of all necessity there was for proving the truth of the sentiment which had been placed in his hands bIhoj they had had it practically illustrated n Mr. Binney's visit ; for' undoubtedly that gentleman ad been the means of infusing fresh life among them iy the sermons ha had preached and the lectures he ad given. He referred particularly to Mr. Binney's isconrses delivered in Freeman- street Chapel and e!se rhere, and to lectures he hid given upon npeikiug and omposition, as well as upon the life and labours or the postle Paul. He dwelt upon the pleasure they had in sterling to those discourses- and lectures; and iu oticing what perspicacity bad marked them, and with rhat facility and clearness Mr. Binney conveyed to the nprehensions of others the great and grand thoughts rhich were in his own mind. He concluded with xpressing the regret which arose from the thought ut Mr. Binney was so soon to leave the olony, crhaps never to revisit it ; the desire he felt, with others, bat the good teed their respected and valued friend hod ' 3wn might produce much fruit; and his conviction that lie best desires of all who had heard and known Mr. linuey would accompany him wherever he went. - ipplause.) ' : The tier. J. Gabdxeb, in rising to speak to the same entiment, said he should not make a speech ; not ecause of any unwillingness, nor because he had the umility to say he could not if he would. He had poken in the presence of Mr. Binney before, years ago, nd would like to prove to him that he was as able to peak as ever he was. It certainly was of great impor ance that ministers of high standing should visit the olonles fiom tho mother-country, sinee they had apostolio irecedent for it in the conduct of the great apostle of tbo ieutiles himself, who had gone out to visit the Churches, nd see how they did, and had confirmed their Churches, trengtheuing their hands, and comforting their hearts, 'he lights and shadows of the msieru pulpit flitted lefore the mind in works which had been published, but t was easy to see how far they fell ahort of being equal 0 the original. (Cheers.) lie was glad to see Mr. Jinnoy, and as a Presbyterian Bishop— (laughter)— rould be pleasei to open his pulpit to him. He was a free Presby Urian— ⅇ to do all that was right, and oaly estricted in that which was wrong. He thought the 'isit of Mr. .Binney was calculated to do an immense .mount of good, as awakening hallowed associations of he past, and as stirring up others to greater effoit, and eading somj who thought that there were no greater arsons in the world than themselves to see that iu such , supposition they were mistaken. (Great laughter.) 'eople were sometimes disposed to think we arc the men, nd wisdom will die with ud, but for once they had got a ebuke. (Henewed laughter.) Mr. Binney's visit might be f great service to tho public at large. Here, as well as t Athens, there were men who were enquiring after new hings, and Mr. Binney's expositions of divine truth were f a novel and most interesting character. He could ery well imagine it would be of vtry great benefit to ir. Biuney himself that he had visiUd the colony, for fiost likely he would think before doing to that the ieeple were receding very fast from civilization. How ver th ,t might be, and ho felt sure it was iess so than leuplo generally supposed, Mr. Binney would har: to cstify, as the Apostle Paul did of tUc inhabitants of ielitu, that the barbarians had shown him no little indueas. Another advantage to Mr. binney was, that ie had lound out the wants of the colony. There was a ime when it was thought sifllcient to send out only the lalt and maimed aud blind to the colony. Mr. B. would ks convinced that, however that plan might have done nee, the time for it had now passed away. He must exd out men equally gifted with himself. (Great and uutinued applause.) He was not fond of too much ipplause. The rev. gentleman then made some remark is to the amount of income which ministers who arae out must expect, and sat down amid applause niugled with cries of ' Ob, oh.' The Rev. Mr. Iff Gam spoke to the same sentiment, ixpressing the readiness of tho Wealcyan body to open heir pulpits to their Episcopalian brethren, and he great pleasure he had experienced in the freer eligious air of South Australia as compared with England. He spoke of Mr. Binney's presence aud ser rices iu the colony in a very interesting manner, and uid that he should hail with pleasure the coming among hem of senators, philosophers, poets, and great and food men of every sort, but until they received more it vould not perhaps ba a bad arrangement to keep Mr. Uiuney, as ti.ey had got him— a proposition that created wee amusement among tho company, but which, the rev. sp.-aker said with a fcigh, he supposed they must not lenously entertain. (Cheers.) The Ilev. Mr. Burxsr rose amidst great applause. IVheu silence had been restored, he said— I do not think, Mr. chairman, that I ever rose with so much a-xtety to address a meeting as 1 do to address this. I ftd that this meeting is very important, and that the sentiments which have beeu expressed will be attended with great issues. I feel that there has been a st-p taken to-day in the right direction, aud which I hope may be followed up, and t should be very sorry if the imperfect manner in which I feel I shall fulfil the duty which now devolves upon me should in any degree retard the issues which I vmieipato. Your climate U subject to far more sudden variations than I was prepared for. I came into town on Monday morning, and was in the heat during the day. Heated aud oppressed I went out in the evening at 6 o'clock in an open carriage, and the cold that came on suddenly seized me bo much that I never felt ffirtn the whole evening and was uncomfortable during the night. I was confined to my bed the most of yesterday with lumbago, and was thus prevented from arranging what I inteuded to say to you. I think the best thin/ you con do is, as His Excellency allows me te have a room at Government House which I call my study, to let me g-J and lie down upon the sofa and dictate a speech to the reporter — is it a bargain ? Ths CnjLiBMxjf said there would be no objection to the rev. geutlemau taking that course after making a speech there. (Applau3e.) Mr. Buses'— Well, now, I think you have made a bad bargain in not accenting my proposition, »nd which 1 would willingly carry out in return for the kindness of the barbarous oeople. (A laugh.) I feel indeed that 1 have received' no little kindness while I have been amongst you. I was quite startled at the idea of such a gathering as this. I do not feel that I have any claim to such consideration; but, thinking «ver the matter, it appeared to me that it might be earned to some great practical object 1 am sure that the meeting was begun by His Kicelleney in such a tone and with suali senti ments that might have convinced any one of us that a meeting like this, whosoever might bo the object of calling it together, might be made theiustrumcntofgreatand per. manentgnod. (Hear, bear.) Idothink.referrin^tothesen tiraenU of previous speakers, that great good nvght result both to us in t he parent land .and to you by the occasional visit from the old country of ministers wcllknownand or mark and likelihood ia their own denominations, of men ot literature, or who have an influence in directing public thought. I feel hesitatioa in looking at this matter, because it secmito assume that lsmamanof mark and likelihood, and that il would be affectation in me to pretend that I am not awant that in my o.vn religious body I have occupied some place of influence and received some sonsideration, aud that I have been ia come measure a humble maker of books, which { trust have come into contact with thousands of minds, especially with the minds of young men. But while I reflect with gratitude on these matters, I feel that I am hardly the man to reply to a sentiment of this kind— ' The importanoe to these colouies of tha visits of ministers or relgion, of men of literature and soienoo.' But still I think the seutinunt right aud a good one. I think that our men of literature when they feet they want to open up a new vein, to get rare imiges. and new phases of character for those delightful works or fiction which they bring forward from time to time, and which I hold may have atWmportant position in our literature ir read rightly, I thins some of these men might open a new vein by coming to tbo Australian shores, by painting the modes and habits of lire which *n- in tu- fhnnd here. But I have to d) most rith ministers of religion, and I certainly think I bould be exceedingly happy if a voyage, which might be ioked npon as an accident and not at ail projected, may urn out to have such issues that it may be almost con* idered providential. 1 hai no Ides, of ever seeing Aus ralia wh:n I was first taken ill, suddenly struck down, itterly unable to read or write or face a cougregration, -r attempt anything of a public nature. 1 travelled ipon the Continent, weut up the Rhino, I went to Mai rern, underwent the water cure, got roasted and burnt, tat upon a chair with a lamp under me until I was hot, *as then tumbled into a bath and three pails of water hrown over me while In full perspiration. (Laughter.) [ went through all this and gat no pood, ad it struck iome or my (riends that a visit to the other side af the rorld might be or service to me; and, as I felt an in ierest ii Australia, a visit would at least effect a .borongh change to the circumstances and asweiations -f life. After a great deal of delay, I consented; and I ihall be glad when I go home if 1 can prodqoa such an mpression npon ministers of different denomina tions as to Induce them to come and pay you a risk also. (ApplauBe.) 1 should like that Dr. McNeil jf the Episcopalian Church, with his earnestness and power ot bringing vividly the vital truths of religion before men's minds ; or such a man as James Hamilton, it the Presbyterian Church, with his silver tonos and beautiful imagery, and touching and affectionate address; such a mm as Dr. Stougbton, or Newman Hall, or Bald win Brown, or Mr. Puncheon, an eloquent and powerful man of the Wesleyan body; or Brown of Liverpool, who has such immense control over the working classes ; or Mr. Sturgeon, of whom you have heard so much, (Ar- plause.) Now it is as an extraordinary phenomenon I am disposed to look apon Mr. Spurgeon, although I never came in contact with him to observe him closely; but I th ni he is a very wonderful an 4 extraordinary yooDg man. It is wonderful that a man so y .ung should exert such a power over the public mind and retain it so long. I hardly know how to account far it. There is something hi his youth, something in his magnificent voice — he stands up and his voice issues out and fi Is the largest claces without effort. There is something iii his idiomatic, racy phraseology — something in the fluency of his speech and familiarity of his illustrations— some- thing, in a good sense, of what men call assurance. A calm self-confidence to say what he likes, when he likes, and how he likes. There is also some thing in the sarcasm and upon the character and doings of other ministers; and more than all in the purity of his doctrine. I cannot help hut think that he has teen raised up by God providentially to do a great work. I heard him three times, and could not help wondering how the illogical commonplace which I h»ard could produce such a great effect. Yet there was the great fact; his sermons read a great deal better than my inapressiQiis upon hearing him led me to expect. There is a most extraordinary phenomenon now taking place in our fatherland; I cannot but think that young man. under God, has a stood deal to do with it. Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral are now open upon the evenings of Sundays, where large crowds assemble, not to hear the music, nor to listen to the singing of the anthem, but for purposes of worship. Those great venerable edifices— structures which people thought would die of dignity, which were conducted with such decorum and regard to etiquette— are now thrown open to the great mass of the people to hear the preaching of God's Holy Word.. That Is a great fact, - and shows that whatever men say about the priesthood of literature, .or tho press ' taking the place of the pulplt, there is something in religion still.' I wish to give the press all possible respect. I look upon it with veneration, for I have had something to do with it ; but tho pulpit' has not lost Its power yet. It would be someting indeed if such a man as Mr. Spurgeon - could be Induced to pay you a visit ; but my friend Mr. t iardner has spoken of my salary— (a laugh)— and if you J rant a lnxury you must pay for it. It is all very well to } -!ss a resolution like this declaring the desirableness t .nd importance to these colonies of visits of ministers of i eligion. Well now, if you feel it to be so jon must ask ] hem to come, md then the qu« tion will ariao by wbat j neans are they to manage it. (Hear, hear.) Now ia t ny own case when there was the first whisper of any t -robab:lity of my coming to Australia, certain friends I onneeted with New South Wales wrote instantly, and 1 lid, 'Come,' we will payyour passage out aad all yourex-. f tenses in travelling from place to place ; you shall have no c 'are or anxiety about those matters, and if your own r icople want you bick let them pay for it.' (Laughter and t ipplaas*.) Now thit seemed very fair, but I wrote back i jyinir I cannot accept yoar terms, because I cannot ac- ] apt them equitably. I should not have the least objection i o do as you propose if I could give you a quid pro quo. j n my state of health I miut be perfectly free, I rhich wou'd not be the case if I came with such a \ ense of pecuniary obligation. Were I to visit your I hores aad travel at your expense, you might at least i xptct me to do something for you, and I cannot be 1 -ound to that. I must come with fall liberty to visit - me colony after another, without opening my mouth t tnlesa dispose i. I daclined that; and the next thine s rhieh I should like to have doue would havd been to 1 ake a voyage, pay the expense myself, and leave my I alary to mr church to provide themselves with the best i arate that they could find. Some of my (riends said to me, I 'No;' and I do not think it is dishonourable to them, i tor quite a discredit to me. to have such friends ; bnt 1 ialf-a- dozeu of them cama forward aad said '? You must ] tot do both; we will frank yon to Australia, and you ? envo your salary to your church U provido a supply,1* and I hat is what I did. All the time I am visiting you, lam I (rawing nothing from mj people: I am leaving their i eit-rents, contributions, aad collections to do the best ' I or themselves whilo I am away. But, gcntlsmeu, it - night not be easy for every mm to do tiur, and there- I ore when you express your wish for persons to vLit | '01, you should distinctly make out how they ( ira to ome, and come comfortably. (Applause.) i Ye minister*, aa yon, ore matter and spirit, body i md soul ; we have to do with the material interests \ if this life as well as the spirituality of the next. I Ind now to come to something more Immediate, i '. came to Australia after a miserable an-J weary voyage, i tod found the people or Victoria a great deal faster than i on. (Hear, hear.) I had not got out of the ship till s had a deputation to arrange lor a public roception, I .nd a note from the secretary of tho reception com- I nittee. I dare say it was very well meant, bnt most t llrectly opposed to all my feelings, and shortly afar- c rards I found there were little biu of paragraphs in the t lapers of every thing which I did. I reverence editors— I - Mk op to them— there are editors present, and we must- \ -e very careful and watchful over our speeches-; but t hess were not editors, nor tho sub-editors, nor reporters, t ike those gentlemen present doing their work so well, t t was those penny-a-liners— those people who tet little c larsgraphs put into the papers about you. I felt quite j uuoyel. I camo away from England to got quiet and i seape from publicity, and I thought surely I might set : rhat I desired at the atherside of the world, and yet I I jund it worse thin ever. I awoke one morning and \ mnd that I was adistinguished straager— a distinguished c iiitor— and as 1 found 1 bora those blushing honours, j thought it as well to try and make something t f them. I wanted to go from Sydney to Moretou \ (ay, and I wanted to call at Newcastle coming i isck. which I found the vejael did not dj. I wrote to [ he Board of Managers of the Steam Company, and i tated to them my dilemma, that I wished to go to t ioretau Bay, bnt that it was ont of my pnrer to do so, ( nd ask them if they would relax in my favour the rules i f the vessel and'allo wit to call for me. They wrote with I Treat politeness a reply saying that they never did so, r hat it was against the order of their arrangements, but c a consideration of my being a distinguished visitor they t rould give directions for the vessel to call at Newcastle - m its return, and call It did. (Hear, hear.) I perceive i he Havilah is advertised to sail, and as I don't wont to ^ \o before Monday next, if anybody here has influence j cith that particular Company I should be exceedingly j iappy if they could get them to say that in consideration - if my being a distinguished visitor the vessel should not 1 fo till next week. (A laugh.) Well, without adverting | o the Oiher colonies, I may say that the time at last i :ame when 1 arrived here, and some if not all of yoa i nust be aware that I have been so occupied in public i kty, and in travelling from place to place, that 1 havo I lad no time to read accounts of your state and condi- i ion, and therefore I can speak to you only or those i hings that most palpably and immediately irn- i iress themselves upon mj cursory observation. It I nay be a satisfaction to you to know that I i lid not come to Australia to get materials to ] vrite a book. I am not taking notts of any of I 'ou. I therefore can merely say anything which ? mpressed my mind while my mind was more innncdi- 1 itely upan tliuso circumstances. Feeling by God's 1 -lessiu? nioro energy than I had, I used the time in doing I vhat good I could in visiting my own churches and i.i i ireoching iu others. I had no time for your statistics or I our politics, and can only give my impressions of the i hings that struck my mind. Well, I arrived at the I ?drf, and had the plejsure of seeing three old London : rieuds who had come by train, waiting along to meet ' ne— a very welcome aud exhilarating sight. We came i -y the railway. What is that ? I enquired. Christ- : ihurch and the Bishop's house beyond. What is that ? : The Methodist Chapel with two pinnacles. An J what is hat with a spire ? That's Mr. Gardner's Church.- the I ?ree Church o: Scotland— is tho ouly spire in Adelaide. ', 3ut (s iys Mr. Binney) my friend is shorn of his glory ; low. (Laughter and applause.) There is another sptro : iow, and a taller one. Then I came to the Rail vay Station, and I was driv n, as it w-is Sun-lay morning, awards Freeman-street Church. What ii that? I en quired. Government House, and this Parliament House, and that the B»ak with green blinds. We got uto King William-street. I thought it a wilo, airy itreet, with something continental about it, with ts wideness and lightness. What is that ? 1 again inquired. Oh, that's another Bank. What's this ? [?irie-street Methodist Chapel. And this at the :orner? Oil that's another lJank. Dear me, said I, liow appropriate to a land of gold, the biggest and the uest houses are Bank, Bank, Bank. I got to Freeman itreet Church, and must say that outside it u not up to the time an Ahe age. (Applause.) I daresay it mis a rery good thing when erected, but whil; it has been standing still, society has progressed, and opinions as to ecclesiastical architecture advanccl and gjne past It. I think it should really be considered. (Applause.) In side, however, all was gratifying. A good and intelligent congregation was assembled, acd my own associations with the place, for 1 had collected years ago £300 or £wj to assist in erecting it, were further associated permanently in my mind with the first minister set apart in my own place of worship for special mission into this colony, tt.en in its earliest infancy, nn 1 there he was in thrf pulpit. I don't like to say too murh in his presence, but both in the devotion and in the argument and power of instruction there was that in hU discourse' Which would hare met the taste of any congregation however devout, or however intelligent. (Applause.) After ser vice I went out to Payneham, and there I hid a view of those hills of yours. There is nothing like thoso hills near the metropolis of cither of the other cslon'es' which I havo visited— nothing like them in any respect. It is true that Sydney has its harbour —its lnaguificent and beautiful harbour— with Hi bars and indentations like a coneeries of Scotch lochs. Melbourne, too, has its inland sea, not wanting in beauty, but nothing equal to those hills. I am aware that I have seen them at the best season, and in their most verdant and favourable aspect. There they have been before my eye* day by day, and I have gazed upon their verdure, in brightness aud in shade, their rising anU falling, at early morning wh;n lighted by the first touch of the sun, 1 watched it coming down them, I have seen the shadows of the clouds coming over them by daytime, aad again irradiated by the mild liuht of eveuing— always interesting, always beautiful. You may yet,have a poet to describe them, or some man of literature who will celebrate them iu a work of lL'tion, making them the scene of so us thrilling narrative. None of you can be so prosaic as not to look upon those hills with something ol thrilling calm delight, if not the rapture of enjoyment. (Applause.) I have taken several journeys. 1 have been to the North along the Gawler Plains, up to Angaston and across to Kapunda, but I could not get ta the Barra. I wai obliged to be content with the minor exhibition of your mineral wealth, and the working of it, in what I saw at Kapunda. 1 have been do*n to the South, through Happy Valley, Mor« phett Vale, and Willunga. I have been to the Square gome thing— Lady MacDonnell tells me the Square Waterholes — and so ou to Fort Elliot, across to 8trathalbyn, and down to the town i-r Welling ton. You have no idea what that suggests to the mind of an Englishman going to the town of Wellington; but when ha gets there it is a different matter. I have been across the Murray, through the kindness of .my Wend Mr. Davenport, who took, me to spend a diy upon the ran, and attained a position where we could see both Lake Albert and Lake Alexandria. My friend had driven me there in a tandem, and we expected to come back in the same style, but the first night the horses bolted, and they have Hever been heard of since. Well, the consequence was that it only gavo me a little more experience of South Australia, as 1 had to return, and we were obliged to take the mail-cart, travelling the first 14 miles before breakfast, aad then 50 miles Irom Wellington to Mount Barker. I assure you that some part of that road did hint in a gentle way that we were neither travelling upon the roids of Eng land nor upon your own railway, but I must not go minutely into thosd matters. We wera up tho next raoruing by half- past 6, and came across the whole ringe at which I had been looking ever since we left the Murray. 1 confess that the beauty and interest of that ranga or hills is unexampled. I was glad to sea wherever I went so much of the land subdued and thoroughly under cultivation. Farms aud Motions everywhere cLartd „„,! hnnnn nrnmlaa nf thu full hlTVMt. 1 Wai itfld o see that magnificent property up at Angaston. Mr. Ingas and I ore fellow- townsmen. I knew him forty ?ears ago, when he was a younjr man aud I a lad. of the iamo town. You may suppose that there was a good leal of Interest in my visit to that splendid domain. In ravelling about the thought has struck me, in looking it this magnificent country, all this was, very little more ;han twenty years age, the run of the savage, his trail md bis lair. Here, among these hill', upon those plains and amid these woods, the savage ratr, .caught his. fame, erected his wurleyp, lay down for the night, and passed on, without a hand to grasp or an eye to see, or in understanding or developed and intelligecit'ftculty to jjnjectnre the meaning of the mystic characters written sverywhere upon God's eartii aud sky around him. Here he had been living, on this magniGce.it property is it were, but unable to use it, without a baud to touch it, or an understanding to modify or work it into forms jr utility and enjoyment. Ha had been a« for ages, and tie would have remained so, for I don't believe that iegraded man of himself ever rose to even the 5rst step in civilizition. Although I could not but feel a pang for the disappearance of the naive, I thought it right that yon should take possessian or the ?property, with your hearts and hands directed by your intelligence, to usa tha rich miterials of that sarth which God has given you. It is described in the eighth chapter of Dduteronomy as a land of vines, fig trees, and olives, anl oat of whose hills you may dig copper. And it is fit for you, with your intelligenee, un derstanding, and capacity, to carry out God's great Idea of the capabilities and great blessings of the eartb, looking up to Him that through Hit blessed Son he might rejoice in you. I have been greatly interested ia finding that a considerable number of larina and sec tions are occupied and a good deal of property possessed by persons who came out, not as farmers with capital, but as labourers. (Applause.) 1 had an instance of thU in one of ray journeys. 1 was going from Port Elliot to Strathalbyn. and Father Newland. who has just been in troduced to L*dy MacDonnell as Bishop or Port Elliot —and he is most worthy of the name— wa3 driving us. But somehow or other— tir even Bishops are not always Infallible— he got out of tho right track. We enquired the way of a woman at a cottage. A man came out, and said we had better come through his paddock, and he would direct u* the right way. We did sj ; and I, ac carding to my custom, asked him what part of the old country he came from. He said Buckingham. What were you there? A farm labourer, What used you to get a week? a*., and now those are my cattle, pointing to ten or a dozen. I have this section upoa a purchasing lease ; it is not mine y et, but it wilt be, please, God. My friends in Buckinghamshire have written to mo saying that they were afraid I was not so well otl in Australia as I was at home. I wrote bock to tell them that I bad a section with ten head of cattle, and th it if I had stopped in England I should not have had a horn. Well, now, it is a fine country where such things can tw. I have been uncommonly pleased with the free natural kind of life that the people seem to live hero, especially in the country. I suppose hi the metropolis, with the Court near, begging your Ladyship's pard n, they get into conventionalities ; but in the country I have been delighted to see young men and girls come galloping upon horseback, put up their hones, come into the p.lace of worship, and at the end again mount their horses, and ride »ww with dashing hr«VOT, I,t was only l»t week. oming from_Mount Barker, there was a fine young I »lb w and a young lady (fiEoping along ; th* voting man aluted a person who was with ma. 1 aiked who they rere.' Oh, said be, they were married to-day. Well, I roader what they would think of that in the old country, lidy and gentleman setting married and riding off iu hat way. (Hear, -hair, and a laugh ) Now, I doa't ? itlike this. It »s altogether different from the »teceo ype manner in which they do things in the old country, lay G )d blc?3 them whoever they were, and miy they avj many fins bov-i and girls as fair and dashing as hemselves. (Applause.) There is a freedom aid raanli ess in some of your yonng ones which amuse me greatly, suppose as your lads grov up in these colonies, though ou are not Bepubiicsns as they are upon the ot:-.er side of lie water, they retain much of that freedom. I remem er once in America, a little fellow said, Mr. Binner, ave you ever seen the Queen ? I said yes, I have kissed er hand. Kissed her hand 1 Why did you not kus her ice P (Hear, hear.) Tae young Republican had no idea f the veneration which we have for royalty, and the ;spect with which we approach it. Xot long go 1 met some boys, and fearing that they were ut enjoying proper lacilities for education, said, 1 suppose you can read? Oh, yes, aad I can hoot and catch opossums. I dau't like England, where ou pay so many taxes, where you have to get a licence or shooting. Now ;tbore is something in that oat of rhich thorough manhood may com;. I confess I have ecu interested in looking at these thing?, but I bare net .fine young women who look well upon horse iack, but they were at school acd ttjing to spell heir way through iome very elements? parts of ducation. I am not sure that your tducational ystem ia quite up to the demands ef the time and he colony. I have gone into some schools and lave been surprised at the age and size of the pupils, specially some of the young women, and to find how far hey were behind in elementary knowledge. I am no. are that I have always found the master exactly what ie snould have been as to preparatory discipline and lositive attainment; and I am surprised— I am sure you rill pardon' my expressing it— that ytu have not a horsugh good central, uoruial,or training schooL (Hear, tear.) It seems to me that there is a great deficiency here n the training of the teacher. To give the teacher he power and habit of teaching is of as much impor ance as the possession of substantial knowledge which le-is to teach. You want an institution where your eachers may be put through a system to fit them for heir duties, instead ol depending for schoolmasters upon sen who may have failed to get on in some other line, ndwho, seting advertisements for teachers, offer to (ill ip tho vacancies. I hope you will excuse me in making bis suggestion. I suppose the difficulty felt in Eugland \- felt still more here— that is, in. putting the teacher ia uch a position, that ha shall feel he is sufficiSutly re aunenwed. It . is of 'ery great importance, if jour cbools and syateinB of instruction are to be sufficient, bat the position of the schoolmaster should be raised, hat he snould feel that he Is not looked down upon, anil bat his office commands respect. To get a man worthy f the office, it must be *«-orth his while to taki it— (hear, ear) — especially in a country where there are so many tber opportunities; and where energy and abilities meet rith speedy aud afilaeut returns. But I feel I am taking p too much fitne, and must come to what is perhaps xpected to be more directly the topic to which I should ddress myself— your religious condition*. Your battle is ver.your hailstorm contests and agitations are decided; ouhavenotta go again hereinto the voluntary coutroveiiy espectinf State aid, whether it is to be aid to the Ctiurca s a matter of principle or expediency, whether the State i to 8uoport religion a* trus or simply as useful, rhetherthe State is to support one religion orall religions r no religion, whether it is to take interest in the propa atiou ot the laith as such, or wuether, as Hume says, a bribe the indolence of t :o clergy— all those questions rith you are settled, and you stand distinguished rithin the British empire for having established that rinciplo with respect co yourselves. Well, now, let us void mistakes ; let us understand that when we object a the compulsory principle, and say that religion and be Church and tho interests of religion should stand ipon the voluntary principle, aud that there should not ?eState aid, and that the Government should not compel ie to give money to the support of religion. VVheu. we bject to this compulsory principle, let it be distinctly .nderstood that it means nothing more than the. ompulsion of man by man, and that we are till under obligation to God— (applause)— and that rhen we reject the compulsion of hunun law c is only that we may the more solemnly and com iletely carry out the injunctions of the divine law. We bject to legal compulsion with respect to payment, lecause we believe that money is not everything, that giving money is not everything ; the grand thing is the xerclse of a moral principle, which should underlie the ict of giving which would be beneljial U Christian life nd general character. Mea thould feel themselves o be under God and under a diviue law and Chistian nlf, compelling them to give and do that more and uore manifestly when they have rid themselves of human impulsion. Let us avoid another. 1 heard Daniel VCunnell once say, in advocating the voluntary prin Iple, that it meant that every man should pay his own iriesU Well, that is only half of it. Let us understand Uat it ii only half of tha principle. As Christian men ve are under obligation not only to pay our own priest, lut to pay for as many more as we can for those that iave not any. The voluntary principle, religiously aud ully understood, means not only support, but exteu iou ; not only the payment of my own priest, but he duty of extending and enlarging tho kingdom if tJod, aud of carrying ant the missionary duty old upon God's Church. (Hear, hear.) Let us ?eratmber anotntr thing. We must not confine the ?oluutary principle withiu^uiy one particular form of icclesiasiical discipline. They are two very distinct ques iom, but sometime*, because certain particular bodies lavo been forward in advocating the oue i Jea, it h sup -osid that the idea is identical with the particular 'ecleiias ieal policy for which they are' distinguished, tfow the voluntary principle is not independency, ilthough Independents as such have b:en forward in mintaiuinglt. It can be maintained, it must be acted ipon, and it, has been acted upon by all Churches, what iver their form, I am a heretic among my own peoplo [ take the liberty of being the hardest thing in the ivorldand independent among Independents— (a laugh) —1 take the liberty of having, and upon proper occa lions uttering my own thougnts. I think that there are some forms of church government, which by oggrega .ion can cany out the principle much bett.rthan we;e :very little separate society supports and exists by itself. That may do very well in largo aud populous towns and :itie*, if you confine and limit the principle down to this; but thit will not do in little villages and outlying district*, where there id a scattered aud sparse population. The consequence is that we In dependents have to supplement our own system, by doing th.it which U not recognised in our theory. It is a mercy that men are nut always consistent with themselves, aud Churches as well as men are not aUajs consistent. We all try to supplement that which we have by something whlcn the theory does not recognise. Sa we hava to establish missionary Bocieliri, which I beg to say arc not recognised in the absolute theory of independency. It is the high spirit of religious lite bursting over and carrying- away the bands, an 1 doing the work which God has appointed torus; but tbcru arc forms of ecclesiastical po.icy In which the body Is on-, in which they can work the nggrossive prin ciple better than we can; I think it is so ia this colony. Icouceivo the -Wesleyan policy is wondermly adapted for the principle or diffusion. The Episcopal Church, although a body ecclesiastically speaking, yet its congre gations, so far as pecuniary aid is concerned, are iude pendeut and congregational. Each ouo has to do for itself as well as it can.- I think they should make the whole body come in with its iunds and treasures as a body, and assist the whole thing in Its ramifications, instead of leaving every little church tj be independent, pecuniarily, by itself. In the uther colonies I sco they are supplemented by having church funds, which are under the Bishop or the Synod ; but which money comes from all ports, ani it is doled out to supplement the outlying districts which are not competent to support themselves. It is of importance not to confound the voluntary principle with any form «f church polity; but by so-mo it can be acted upon with great facility. Our Puritan forefathers had a mission, and right nobly they did their work, aud those who have come after them have r&ped; the benefit of it. During the times referred to by the Chief Ju3tise had there not been men like our forefathers who caine forward at the expense of their property and good name, resisting even to'the'deati ecclesiastical tyranny, impressing a character upon the publlo mind, upon legislation, and upon the Church itself, Methodism would not have found a clear stage for iu work. (Applause). In the last century it only did what it did, because we prepared the way to enable them to do it. (Applause). Whea I was in New Sjutti Wales I wai particularly struck with two things first, that there were many persons in distant stations who were hardly ever visited by ministers, and who hardly ever hid worship or Christian instruction; and the other seemed to be the utter ignoring of the very existence of the aborigines. I was very much struck with this when the Bishop of Sydney did mo the honour to call upon me. I conversed with him upon the first point, and he said it was a fact, that in the distant part of bis diocete there were persons growing up almost in a 'state of heathenism. It seems to me that there is very much wanted a migratory or itinerating missionary system. (Applause.) Well, then, with respect to th* aborigines, I, in my simplicity, coming as you know from the old country, acting ander the unsophisticated impression of a Christian Englishmen, prayed for the aborigines, ear* nestly prayed for the poor persecuted natives of the land whiou we had come to take. It twice happaued that the minister said to me, ' I was surprised yet 1 was so pleased to hear you pray for the aborigines; 1 have never heard It before. We seem to have got into a state of apathy about them and given them upas hopeless.' (dear, hear.) I conversed with a man in New South Wales who had lived for years amongst the natives, and who showed me the Gospel of St. Luke written in their language. He had lived among tnein— migrated with them, eudeavouring ;to In struct them; bat be. also was hopeless, having never been able to produce anything like a permauent impres sion upon them. He st.ted, as others state, that they are pasting away— they are dying off. He said the last man of a tribe died the week before, and that I could tee * ho antitjivv tnnnument of Mother if I went to a narti. imarspot. (Hear, hear.) I am glad to Una that you iavehercwb.it you call a Bush Mission, and that you nave the idea of visiting those distant localities and sta tions. I will take the liberty of saying that if some of rou rich— I don't know what you call them in this co lony; the word squatter sounds strangd to an English ear, but I find it has quite an aristocratic signification in New South Wales— but if three or four of these would act upon the voluntary principle, they could keep a mis sionary or a minister for their own runs. (Applause.) I regret that 1 did not attend the meeting of the Bush Mission, but it quite escaped me. I am glad also that you have an institution in which you endeavour to benefit and train the natives, and to get a moral and religious influence upon them, I know that the opinion is general »# .to the hopelessness or that effort, and also of tne certain disappearance of the race, hut still I think our daty Is very plain. ( Applaus«.) And now I must draw t« a close, and 1 will do so by dwelling last upon one particular topic which was introduced by His Excellency, and was referred to more than once, and in which I io«l myself a good deal personally involved. Like Mr. Stow, you know, I have In the course ef my life sornetimei been *? man of war ; 1 don't mean a ship. (A laugh.) I had b; figbti and battles in the old country. I have been sometimes at war with one or another of the denomina ions. .1 very much offended our Wesleyan friends once by, only in discussion, endeavouring to make out, and did make out to my own satisfaction, th,at tbey must be content to be either Dissenters or S.-hismatics. However, I meant it kindly as a bit of argument, I got terribly out with our Presbyterian friends because I wrote a pamphlet in favour ot, marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Of course that pamphlet has been answered, but it is unanswerable nevertheless. I have had a breach with the teetotallers because In my lecture upou Buxton there is a passtge in which I said and thought I could defend his making porter. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) Well, I never heard the last of it. 1 have had it printed and sent under cover with a variety of remarks not very complimentary to myself. Even with our Episcopalian friends the time was when we had a little rub of the shoulders. I unfortunately nude use ef an expression which I would tot use. If the phraseology u offensive I did not mean it, and when it was looked at with a'.l Us conditions It was perfectly harmless ; so harmless was it that before the storm got up the whole passage was extra -ted by a High Church publication, with the simpla remark— :'' We perfectly agree with Mr. Biuney in this statement.' I put the thing so— I as a Disseatey think thu way. Churchmen think otherwise, but why sh)uld we quarrel with each other. Unfortunately somebody in extracting it cut off all the conditions of the surrounding phraseology, took out the passage, and^made it something which I never said. My friends on the otaer side never losked at the original, but took it as it was given; and the consequence was. that for three years I was, as CCounel) said of him self, the best blackguarded man in. all England. (A laugh.) Well, my owp friends, the Dissenters, were laughing at the hurricane pouring upon me. They said, ' You agree far more with ths Cattrcbaen'thanwe do; they an utterly mistaken, th*y have got the wrong man,' and so it was. Now, in' spite oT all thai, I havi bten for the lut twenty-five yean suggesting trie recoj- nation and communion of th: Churches, eomini tagnfcCl not onlv In B-le m^n^buj, an Wei&aj;»« of pulpit* [ind, nof an amalgamation by one Church sayi-'g to the Mt, ' Come, join us ;' not by one Church saying. Can ou not suggest a platform or creed on which wa can all free ;' not in oue saying to' the others, 'Make Berne hange, and wa will recognise you.' Ns; taking men as hey stand, and recognising them aa men in tho true faith i Christ, interchanging services, and leaving everything Ise as it is. By so doing, you are going according to tie Apostle's definition as far as you nave attained, walk y the same rule, and if on anything you are otherwise linded. God will reveal everything unto you. N jw, thi9 i what I advocate; and thi?, perhap.«, is the only spot pon earth, or in the British Empire, where the ex eriment could be suggested, or where there is possibility of carrying it out, or where the iovernor of the colony could with propriety c-me forward and give utterance to the sentiments you ave heard this day. (immense applause.) Itlsadis inction, and a great one, to be such a community, } take the lead, as you hive already done, with respect \- the legal and secular enactments doing away with ther acts which touch the religious Ufa of communities, t is a great thing to have a clear stage and to stand an sample to all the world in respect to Church action. Tow I beg it to be distinctly understood that I hare had athing to do with and was not iu the slightest deg.-ee agnizmt of the movement to which HU Excellency has sferred ; since it has been stated I may make no hesi ition in saying that 1 had the happiness and honour of sceiving from the B.shop of Adelaide a very long, a irefully written, and very admirable letter upon this ery subject, and that I have the copy of another letter hich he wrote to a mutual friend, ia which he said he ad been patting b.fore Mr. Binuey's mind the possl ility of Church union and fellowship so Eir as occasional nnmunion was concerned and the interchange of ulpits; aad asking the question whether the want or Us was to go on for ever and become the fixed condition f. the Church. It app.ars that I made the jmark that I thought in this colony there was a fine pportunity of showing'off in sjme degree the tradi ons of the whole land, and where our fathers hod beeu listaken, and they were not always wise any more than ot heing always foolish. I believe in the wisdom or or ancestors as well as in their follies. 1 don't mean ie traditions of the English Church ouly; the different jc'.s are as tied and bound by usages and customs— it is ia condition of all of us— it is incident to humanity — ke our own forefathers, who were compelled to build (lurches in back lanes aud without conspicuous irouU, ntil tbey became traditional as the proper type of places f worship. (Hear, hear.) The first step might be a tanly recognition of each' other as churches and ml isters, and interchange of services. The letter I received ?om His Lordship is, 1 must say, on interesting and imirable document, although it does not come to lue isuuet and particular coucltuion which! would desire -but there it is. To my surprise I read in the news* apers that an effort was being made, and that His xcellenoy hid headed the document presented to tha isbop. Now it 89 happened that I received the ishop's letter while paying a visit to His Excellency. [is Excellency said if I thought It proper he iould like to see it. The letter was written, in suoh a irm.and with such care, tHat it struck me the UUnop mat have meant to have published it; at least I thought could do no discredit to him, or dishonour to me, to iow it to his friend the Governor-iu-Chief. I said to ie Governor we ecclesiastics of all sorts are iu danger f looking at things in a narrow point of view. We are ttered iu various ways, and if your Excellency has no l)jection, I should wish you, ^reading His Lordship's itter, to give me your thoughts on the subject, for I nuld like to have a right kuowledge of hotr intelligent iymen look upon thu matter. Upon the Monday morn* ig I received the Bishop's letter and one of UU Ex illency's, and in the presence of His Excellency I will iy that his letter is admirable iu sentiment, expression, ad argument, and placed side by sUe with the liuuop's aes not suffer a jot. Now, I may say that His ExcjI ucy mentioned w me that the Daan and Archdeacon ad expressed the feeling that it would be a good thing ir these two letters to be published. I took the liberty f writing to the Archdeacon to know if he was in a poai* oa to tell me whether I might publish iha liUhop's ?tter. [Here Mr. Binnoy read a letter from the rehdeacou, saying that he nad no authority to sanction ie publication of the Bishop's letter, although he elieved His Lordship was prepared ta see it in print, ut he did not contemplate lust in writing it. The riter repeated that it was his opinion, aud the Dean'a, iat the publication of the letter would do good. Mr. linney continued.!— I passed that letter, with the pencil ote to His Excellency. 'Could I act upou this ?' He eplied, ' I should think so, and would recommend it.' Hear, haar.) Now, unles3 1 oau have a guarantee from lese gentlemen, and from the Dean ani CuapUjr, if you rilL that they will not consider me do.n£ a din onourable thing, or right me with the Bishop, I will ot feel at liberty to act without HU Lordship's dircot ermission. I confess that if the step had been taken, 'the Bishop had acted according -o what he i-aya in hU itter, that there would be no impropriety here, as the Lct «f Uniformity u in some degree related ; if he had cted upon it, aud not merely Mr. Binney was invited, ut that I had been asked iu a representative capacity ta tter a word of instruction aud exhortation in tuat uilding would I not have done it ? (Applause.) 1 hould have felt that it was a great fact, a step in dvsuce in the right direction, aud a fact that would - ct upou men's minds in the old country; ior find in one of the papers that came by he last mail there is a suggestion that I should preach t St. Paul's. (Great appUuse.) I think if the step tad been actually taken that great results would have oine out of it ; but 1 see that it u oue that should be aken with great caution and deliberation, not upon the mpulse of any Individual. 1 can agree in what has been aid by the Chier Justice. Asa lawyer ha should have loubts, and it U but right and proper that there should w hesitation if there is any doubt about the legality of he raitter. But I wish them to act so as to put tniugs in hat position In which it would not be illegal. (Applause.) ilen come to me because I wrote a pamphlet in lavour if marriaire with a deceased wi:Vi sister, expectiug me o marry them. I say, ' So, I will uot break tha law ; heae are my opinloas. I will try to get the Uw altered, mt until it is altered I will not marry you— you must go a somebody else.' I have received the following letter rom Ills Excellency, which I will read:-' I think it ight to say, in reference to the Chiet Justice's obser rations on thu doubt ul state of the law as to tke Bishop's wrjer to invite a member o your Church to preach in [he pulpits of the English Church, it might be well to itate that I was mainly induced to sign the memorial vhieli I did, by the conviction of the Bishop's haviug .hat power— a conviction forced upon me by his own etter to you, and the strong argument to that elL-ct in xia letter. Before eigmng the memorial, I satis fled myself as to the soundness of the Bishop's own argu ment.' (Applause.) In conclusion, I oaly say 1 heartily ?o with the sentiment wriiWn by His Excelleaey. The interchange Bhould be complete and friendly, but should involve nothing with respect to any Church giving up anything vthich specially belongs Wit, aud should nut interlere with the mode of conducting worship, i'or my part I should have some difficulty in leading the Liturgy, as I should not know . wher.- to turn to. I must say that I greatly 'enjoy it when 1 hear it. A yoar or two I wrote a book upju the liturgies of con tinental churches. I wish to bring the subject up in amicable controversy *tnongst ourselves. 1 was always in favour of a uniou of liturgies with free prayer, but I would not give up free prayer. I would hold as strongly U- that as HU Excellency d*cs to the Liturgy. 1 once suggested to tho Church that there should be a short liturgical service, and also free prayer, in which the minister might refer to passing circumstance*. Ladies aud gentlemen, I certainly did not expect to hare sd dressed you at this length, and s.ill think you made a bad bargain in not letting me dictate a proper speech to the reporters. In conclusion, Sir, I beg Jo say that It afiordj me great pleasure, from the associations 1 have had with your family, to uee you in this chair. It affords me great pleasure to meet air. Stow and to remember the interest! took in the establishment of this colony. Sir, 1 met in your father** house, Mr. Gouger, Mr. Wukefield, and several others who were projecting the foundation of this colony. 1 endeavoured to stnd out a minister, and the Secretary for the Colonies told mo that if I did he would make him Protector of Aborigines. I put an advertisement in the papers for a man to go to South Australia In the first ship, but the proper man did not come, and I would noc send any one except such a man as Mr. Gardner, but such a man did uot torn up. At length tha Colonial Missionary Society sent Mr. Stow to yoj, and I ainlwppy to sec him, after hU years of labour and tho great amount of work he has effected. (Applause.) Ladies and gen tlemen, I have had great pleasure in my visit, iu South Australia. I have come In contact with all ranks and conditions or men, aud women too. 1 have received great kindness from His Excellency the Governor, aud 1 havo formed many friendships in many parts or the colouy. As; you hive through Mr. Davenport kindly expressed your good |wifhes towards mo, I beg to reciprocate those good wishes. I wish you every blessing, material and spiritual, every blessing in bo:h world*. I wish you may be directed ani guided for the beat in your institutions, political, social, and relLiouo. And I trust the results ot my visit may not be suffired speedily to die away, aud especially that oue of the results may ba that as you have the high honour ofba\inggi van re ligion, as a whole, a fireestago, I pray that you may also have toe honour or speedily taking the first step in pro moting that Christian union which will be so advan tageous to the whole world, and especially so to God'i Uoly Church. Yankalilla. — We have received the fol owing from a correspondent:— 'On Thursday last the Episcopalians held their tea meeting, hi the large store, it Messrs. Butterworth's mill, kiudly lent for tae occa ilon. The tea was gratuitously provided by the ladies if the neighbourhood, and about 100 persons partook of t. After (ea the chair was occupied by Mr, S. Herbert, I. P. There was appropriate music by amateur;, and by ibis lima a considerable addition of numbers to the neeting, so that not less than 160 persons were present. The B*v. A. B. Russell was Introduced to the meeting, md gave 'An Hour wi.h the Poets' in a highly pleasing ind instructing manner, to the evideut delight of an itteutive audience. Aft r a song from Mr. Lush, in his nual happy style, votes or thanks were accorded to the reverend lecturer and the ladies and gentlemen for their lerviMi, the National Anthem wai EU'ig by the audience, ind the meeting separated, all appearing well satisfied with the treat, both mental and physics', that they had enjoyed. Itlso hear that it U iu contemplation to form i debating society in our district, or parhaps a better ind suitable nama— a mental improvement society ; and there can be no doubt that If a few simple rules are laid down at starting, with a view of prohibiting contro versial theology and politics being introduced, it is capable or affording mental pleasure; and elevating the tons or ixiiety.' KOEWOOn ASD STEFXIT? IH3TIT0TE.— The mouthly lecture was delivered on Tuesday tvenin? by Mr. W. Gordon Campbell, when, notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, a tolera&ly; large audience was in attendance; for although it is net the fault of modern society to 'believe too much.' people are still interested in the solution of the phenomena of apparitions, spectral illusions, and superstitions. Mr. Campbell's lecture, therefore, being upon that subject, w«s of an attractive character, and the numerous in stances quoted by him from Mrs. Crow's Nightside of Nature,' and from hU own knowledge, in illustration of prophetic dreams aud apparition*, were listened to with much interest. Thelecturer confined himself to this branch of his 'subject,' propocing to treat; of spectral, illusions and superstitions in another lecture. The lecturer com mitted himself to n» theory, the phenomena of which he had given instances did avowedly exist. The ap pearauoes were real or they were not— the imaginative theory would nat account for the realintion of the things predicted, neither would the doctrine cf happy ooiucident*. Thejsubjeot was surrounded with difficulties, but there was reason to hope that it would not be alwayi inexplicable. Same light had been thrown on it by modern discoveries in mesmerism snd the clairvoyant condition, an-' doubtless the time would come when the reason (or, aud the true nature of, these things would be better if not more fully understood. . Some conversation ensued after the lecture in reference to the appaarance of persons to their friends at a distance about the perioi of death, called by the Scotch, 'wraiths,' and a supposed in stance of the kind was cited which had afterwards been explained so as to take away its mysterious character aad spoil a good ghost story ; but while instances of this kind might frequently occur, it was certain thst the majority ef authentic ghost stories remained unex plained; and could not be resolved into the mere force of imagination. A vote of thanks was unanimously ac corded to the lecturer, and a desira evinced for the second lecture on the subject to be given on the next occasion. Victobia Theatbe.— There was nqt such a good house as we should liked to have seen at the Theatre on Wednesday night, for tha benefit of Mr. B. M Linden, box office-keeper, as that gentleman highly deserved a good benefit for hU gentlemanly manner in accommodating ladies and gentlemen to their seats In thaboxas and keeping order. The perrormancea eom- menied with the drama entitled ' The Wren Bays,' wbUh was as successful as on previous occasions.. A very pretty danca was then given b/Mr. and Miss Chambers:, and was loudly applauded. Tha mnjng'i enUrUln menu included wifo' tie laughable Tarce entitled ' Valet de Sham/' Mr. Greville, as Wigler, wss as comic uevir MrVwaVster made a good Mr. Tweezer, and the other characters were very well sustained by Mr. Cre»wl«k,MarkNels»n,andMiii ManUiU. 