ulladuLLa (To tho Editor of tlie 'lllawarra Mercury.') Sir — A paragraph appears in your issue of the 25tb ultimo— headed as above, and purporting to conie fron. your correspondent in that t'Oantiful district. He inform* the public that there is still required tho sum of thirty pounds for the completion of the jetty now in course of erection there — nnd is quite surprised to learn where this Very large art'ounl is to come lrom. He declares (ho people immediately interested aro tired of it. Thin, conpled with tho faftts that the rond to tho harbor i3 closed by somebody, aud that a new one will have to bo made at once, that in consequence tho people are tired of steam, and yearn for tho whereabouts of the good old trader the Jenhnio Deans. I consider the whole of the correspondence in question to be an unjustifiable libel on tl.e wealthy and intelligent people of this highly favored district, and tho retrograde movement indicated by yonr correspondent mint have originated in his own imagi nation. What, I nsk, has the closing of a road1 to da I with steam ? Will tho laying on of the ol'd' Jeannio I Deuns throw open tho road again ? Ordees the travelling [ to n sailing vessol require a different road to thut of a [ steamers ? | Tho absurdity is too preposterous to- entertain, and I | nm sure the people of Ulladulla, haying onco tusted th» j sweets of steam communication^ will not easily give up f the advantage. t Steam wus the first step to the great advancement of their beautiful district, and if ten times the original cost of tho jetty had to be collected, the people would freely ' contribute that amount aoones tham lose the advantago to be derived from steam. I am certain tho inhabitants of Ullndnlla will not en dorse the sentiments of your correspondent, nor yield one step to a retrograde movement. These are the dayi of progress, nnd not of decline, and I am mire the inhabit ants will not again trust themselves to the uncertainty of a sailing vessel to buffet with the wind and wnve» perhaps for a month, when they can make suro of their journey to the Metropolis in a few hours. Another great advantage must not be overlooked, and that is the plea sure the people mnst now feel, in being able to steam from their own beautiful and splendid harbor, in prefer ence to a journey of fifty miles overland, to another dis trict, »nd spending their money and time for the benefit of Shonlhaven. Thanking you for the insertion of the above, and apologising for taking up so much of your valuable papir, I remain Sir, your obedient servant, THE GHOST OF ULLADULLA. 