A DAY WITH THE CARRICK HOUNDS. Br Nimhod's Ghost. A few days since, the writer published in the ' Mercury' an account of his day's sport with Mr. Dis'lee's hounds, and he now proceeds to ' chrouide' a capital d^y's hunting with the active little pack of Mr. It. Laudalc, of Can iek. II further proof were needed of iho hospitable reception that Tasmanian sportsmen give to their visiting biu'.hren from other shorei, than that alreadv recorded of the kind ness shown to the ?? Ghost,' at Mutton Park. Surely, the polite attention evinced on (ho oc casion now under notice must impress the fact for ever on thu ' hoart of hearts' of the pre sent deponent. Not only was the customary meet pustponod for two days to suit his conve nience, but, through the self-denying attention of Mr. Guorgo Holder, ho was mounted on one of the bust eioss-eonntiy nags that ever man had the luck to throw his leg over — viz., Prince Alburt. The appointed tryst was (he Carriclc Inn, at ten o'clock, nnd thither accordingly the ' Ghost' hied him, on Thursday last, in a spicey dog cart aud tandem, libmaliy provided by mine Hont Harris, of the Plough Hotel, Lauucestoii, who graced the tuiu-out with his burly pieseucc. On itinchiug the place ol fixtura, a muster of some seotc of spoilsmen were found ready, — amongsl whom, tho narrator was speedily placed on triciidly terms wiih Messrs. U. Lan dale, (Master), C. Landalo, Sams, Lyons, Simmons (brother*), Allen, Lawtou, Gleadow, Uichardson, &.?. The sun being rather powerful, it was deemed advisable lo get ..way at once— rue doEO only of ' jumping powdei' being adinin isteied round. A short lido ofonly three miles brought Us lo an uxerllent i-oveit on Mr. Duan'n imi, »nd «t the huntsman's cheerful ' yo-l— go seek I1 the busy dogs dasued forward with eager nose aud waving ?terns. Although, from being mere beacles, they seemed small as compared wiih thu H II. C. hounds, it was immediately evident that with iho industry of bees they possessed thorough lameness and a fair dash of speed. Ae tl«:y darthedhere and there, covering a siirp,i-intf quantity of ground, it was gratifying to witiiw the t eoi'ilts of careful bieodiug and education. and Mr. Uisdee may bo just as proud of ilitt off-shoots from his stock, us Mr. Land/ilu of their perfection. Were thu ntiu her only doubled or tnbli'd, and of equal quality, « more perfect lot of beagle it would be bard to find, and their quairy would seldom escape their delicate scent and .letermined petsu veranc j. The way in which the huntsman .lames Biyce (though a new lnnd in the colonioB), handled the gallant little p*ck was very gratifying j nor should it bu omitted to men tion that ho posseses and uses the oft lacking desideratum ot a musical voce. His uniform (rock coat, green, with red facing, is very natty looking. Within 20 minutes of drawing the scrub, a wiry Inush kangaroi bounded away at view, and the welkin instantly rang with a canine chorus such as could hardly have been expected fiom the lather diminutive ' darlings.' O*ing lo the heat, al to late all hour of the day, the trail was not sufficiently strong to make the pace- fast, but the line was run for about 4 iniles with perfect truth. A check was then caused by lhe kangaroo taking the creak, hut some wood- Bpliltere immediately pointed out the spot where he had emerged, and we wore soon at w.iik again at an improving rate of speed. In another 2 miles we came in sight of a booming four-rail fence, nothing worse than fdlbn limber having as yet disturbed the seat in the saddle of those gent lemen who aro dubious of their nerves or abilities. However, ju-t on reaching the obstacle, a fresh quarry j .imped up before, lhe hounds, turned away at right angles, and was proceeded wnh as the pack had not divided. Something really like a gallop, through an easy riding biush, iiow ensued, the quarry making many shifts nnd doubles, but tcatce a moment's check atfotding wind lo o»r nags. ueie one oi our compiny, whose punchy weight might well have excused his being in the extreme rear, came out with a strong lead for a full half mile, the mine field exclaiming with surprised delight ' look at Hilly Waterloo 1 arn't he goin it !' Scnce half aii hour at such closu quarters, for the flies was viewed repeatedly, sufficed to uuko thu lont-lniled 'uu sink before his pursuers, which b'. did by ' running lo e.irth' iu a large hollow log An ate having been procured, two volunteers did the hard work by turns of cutting him out, whilst lhe assembled on lookers gave plenty of advice but were able imitntois of lhe Uo celebrated lazybones, one of whom ' did nothing, aud the other helped him.' When the game was recovered, the trjphies fairly distributed, and the hounds ' blooded' with lhe furc-quarteie and inside, a few of the equestrians decided upon going homo, amongst whom was our friend iho aforesaid stout Publican, ho cluritubly thinking that as he had been riding the ledtr that had brought out him and the Ghost, a single tun was a sufficient interlude befoe a second tandem performance. Some fun was caused when Mr. Landale asked our It-tend to convey tho hi lid -qua lets of the kangaroo hack to Cat rick, for it was found a puzzle to insinuate the carcass of thii defunct betwixt the protuberant corpo ation uf (lie bincd and tin: lather arched neck 'f the quadruped. In fact, the attempt utr.i Iv failed in ought but covering jolly Billy's im maculate cotds and tops with exlravai-ited blood. After a short Fpcll for horse and mm. a second etait was effected, nor had wo cat lalf am i In tiom the scene ot the former kill, when a fine doc was tillvho'd away. At a otiii. ,??„' bat both hounds and hunters followed in her line, and it wag noon evident, that she nould simw the way over a eliffish country. A few I g fences first occurred, and these were g,.t ovur by all in mmo (onn or en .tlier : Inn a tapping Ibur-tailer soon fit n red us in thu tic, and many looked at it in bUnk despair. Mr. C. Landale, on SiliDad. lud the way, followed by his brother on his old favourite bav, aiid tlie ' Giiost' on Prince Albert. The huntsman managed al»o to ^ot to the safe side, but smashed atop tail in the attempt, and thus gave the (insiders a dunce ol be coming insiders. Scarcely, luwevur, were we fairly going acoss the cultivation, than thu hounds headed back, and the uatnx. fence had to ba repressed, one of tho young Uicliardsun's getting a complete sonicmiult, pony and all, in taking tho gap, though with no mm e fuiiou* consequences than a bloody nose Tlie rha-e al this point had been very excitiuc:. and the linu bid fair to be fttmethiiig like hunting in tho old countiy, when, unfoitunatclv, the kangaroo took to Motion's swamp, through which it was impossible to ride without a risk of nought of hoite n ir rider regaining above the surface but ihu liumiLg cap. The hunts man dismouutcd, and tried to w».lk aetoss, as the hounds seemed veryb use itlwtit die centte, whil i thu li.ld waited to 'see which side, the gitiie would breik, if not pulled down. Iu a few minutes, the doe was seen hnp,,iii; thiough agaiduu on the opposite side, nnd il was ei'ideut the pack were working tight: ac coidiugiy, a tegular stoeple-ehaho wn» run round the bothering swamp, and a rattling gallop of more than thtoo miles fortunately biought us up to the little darling just as they were opening alter a Bell' nude cist! A bug and lather Uidious tun through a pleaBant open bu*h. but with constant chivks, led us again in a nide circle luck to tlie upper tide of the 6wamp, into which thu hounds eageily dashed. There being lmlu doubt that thu kangaroo would attempt to n-ach the cover whonco ho had been roused, a second steeple chase was mil round the ailtivatiuu pad locks bordering the swamp, more thau a dozen fences being crossed at a splitting pace by Messrs. Simmons, Lawaiii, Hamilton, Holder, and the Huntsman. There was no time to ? wate wheat, 'nor to assUt one or two requiring top-rails to be taken down, fur the pack ueie already out of sight and hearing, i hough wu knew the direction. On gaining the desired cover, nothing was to be heard or Hacked, so tho huntsman proceeded to iho left, and the rest of us lo thu right, in theit seated. As luck would havo it, our party soon full in with the gallant dogs, who slowly and surely dtove their Imdy quarry back to the edge of the swamp, and ki lei him iu thu deep eieek that bordms it. A more unflinching kangaroo was seldom followed, the distance he ran being remark- able, and much credit is due to Mr. Landale's gallant little dogs for their '? noses' and ' hearts.' Aflcr giving (htm their due Bharc for a re ward, Mr. Simmons look possession of tho hind quarters, and wo willingly made a (tart for homo The huntsman n.t having heatd the ' whooop,' and neithur of Iho .Me.-ns. Landalu having been of tho stvcplc-chasing party, the houndi were taken in hand by (ho narrator, he Iwing tho only linraeniui in pink, and the pack acknowledging tho color wiih |iorfeet obedienco back to Carriek, wiih tlie assistance of a voluntary '? whip ' Another such day's sport is heartily IioiksJ for by KUIUUD'S GI10ST, October i. 