IMLIOE COURT—PORT ADELAIDE. TuntsDAY, Jammuy 21. Ut-foiG K. !•'. Newlan'l, K-i. Juk.-iandkd OuABfii; of Assault.— Ueorge Hawkins i appeared on a remanded charge of assaulting Hugh j McNulty, master of tire Jannet. The prosecutor do- > posed that the defendant was second-class passeagcr ! with hint from London, and resided in the same cabin, j lie came oiiboaid the ves»cl at about lo o'clock last | Monday morning. The passengers wire indebted to ! the vessel lor about £ 10 worth of coals, oil, and pro- ! \usionp, beef, poik, &c.;, and he had kept an account of what had been supplied to them. Did not want any ! money, but the defendant declined signing the paper ■ acknowledging -.he receipt of the stores. "When he re- j fused to sign, ho refused to allow hint to have his lug- j gage, and he left rhe vessel. There were other private j matters. He took atvay two plugs of tobacco, several ! boards, and ilour, for which he never paid. He . e turned to the ship, and forced'his wav down the cabin m which lie had lived on the passage out. Dunck, on being ordered, went 011 deck, bat Hawkins remained behind, and having a hamr.v-r in his hau l, lie squared through the doer mid deponent wmt towards him, and was struck. The door of the cabin he occupied opened into the main cabin. Do not know what lie was doing uitti the 'rammer. He had no hammer in his hand at first. Told him he should not remove his things until he had signed an acknowledgment. After he struck him the second time, Mrs M'Nulty came in and asked if lie was going to kill him. Do not know what lie f rdd, as ho felt so ill, Outon deck, and the mate came down. Mis M'-\ulty took tho hammer from his hand. The second blow took mo down. By Mr Parker—1 have a bill of £250 against tlm brokers, net against tiie passengers. The coats and oil are not included. The beef and pork was not all eaten by -Mr Hawkins. The provisions should have been provide 1 by the broker, who gave £1,000 for the charter. The mate should be responsible. Have been in court before in Sydney, by some of tli® bad passengers. Had a good case. Signed papers to show that there wore sufficient provisions on board for the voyage. Had 0 adults. One part owner. Waited to have a pull on the charterer, and should try to get it from the brokers. Thought lie had a light to make a passenger sign a paper. Did present a paper to him, and asked him to sign it, about half-way out. Came in a straight course at about 5 months; it was about 4,000 miles from here where tho paper was produced. The paper was given to Hawkins or Dunck. The charterers had not put sufficient prov'sions on board. Wo were on good terms through the voyage except twice. Have strong witness against them. We fired seven guns, big and little. Did not fire a fll-pounder to frighten away the ghost of tho steward. Did not think or say that I had dreamed of the ghost of the steward. The cannoii3 were leaded in case of pirates, but were fixed on Christmas day. There were balls in them. Did not see pirates. Always keep firearms in the cabin. Might have fired firearms through cabin window. When I asked Hawkins, told him lie should not have his boxes until he signed the declaration. Supplied them with knives and forks, cups, saucers, pies, and dishes. ' Supplied them with those things. They wo e to be returned at the end of the voyage. Will swear he did not give ordeis to drag defendant out of the cabin. About 4,0',<0 miles away we stopped Mr Hawkins' provision, but made Mrs Hawkins present of it. ltobert Goihing, legally qualified medical practitioner—On Monday last plaintiff came to his house, having a wound on the left side of the head ; appeared to be done by some blunt instru ment. The scalp was divided about i n inch in length. Blow must have been caused by some force : all scalp wounds wire somewhat dangerousr. Prosecutor was somewhat prostrated from the shock. Did not apprehend any danger from the in.juiy he had received. El'za McNulty, wife of prosecutor, was on board tho Jannet on Monday last. Saw defendant mid her hus band there about 10 o'clock. Mr Dunck was there. The master tendered a paper for signature, saying h; could not allow any luggage to be taken a way until they had signed an acknowledgement for provisions used on the passage. On tlic return of the passensers, Dunck on deck, and lie went the master ordered Mr Dunck on deck, and he went out. Mr Hawkins would not go, but went into his room in the cabin to remove Ins luggage. The master ordered him away, he would not go, but stood «» room-door in the position of - a ... llie said "if vn»-1-• . .. iigntcr The master . .. not go out, I'll put you out," and they closed. She rushed forward, and saw them catch one another, but did not sec the blows struck with the hammer. By Mr Parker—The master went back with Mr Hawkins into his room, after he had ordered Haw kins to go on deck. Did not think rnv husband would use violence. He was short tempered but not violent. Will swear site never saw him ill-treat any one. He has used threats on the voyage, and has carried firearms through the passage.. The passengers never saw any black eyes on me. The witries3 refused to answer any question as to whether enptain drar.k prior to arrival. The master was weak and prostrate through, exces sive drinking on the voyage. He had been in good health four days prior to arrival in this Port. By the Bencli.—The luggage was taken away on Tuesday even ing by Mr Hawkins. The passengers had no beef and pork on bo3i-d, or any other live stock. Throughout this witness's evidence, the prosecutor wa3 repeatedly reproved for interrupting her in her depositions. William McNulty, son of the prosecutor—lie was on board at about 10 o'clock on the morning in question, and the prisoner came for his boxes, but the master would not allow them to leave nntil they signed an agreement relative to provisions supplied on the pas sage. The prosecutor ordered prisoner and Dunck on deck, and Dunck complied With his request, while Hawkins refused. His father went towards Hawkins who was squarring in the cabin, but before he reached him the prisoner took a hammer and struek his father, who fell on his kness. Prosecutor did not say " drag iiirh out." The apprehending constable dep j?ed to tho defendant's arrest, and Mr Barker addressed the Bench at some length, after which he called for the defence. William Dunck, passenger byjthejJannet, who deposed— Mr Hawkins had l;is wife and seven children on ' board. Had agrce l with Wilson and Barton for our passage, and were to receive provisions for our passege-money. After leaving Deal it wa3 found there had been no pro visions put on board for the passengers, and the captain supplied us from tho ship's stores. A paper acknow ledging the receipt of such stores, was passed round for signature, but did not sign it. He appeared mad on the passage on several occasions, and Went on deck on one occasion, saying the passengers wero looking at him, when they were all in bed. It would proceed from lieh'yhim tremens. On Monday morning went on board about 10 o'clock, in company with Mr Hawkins. Afterwards left the vessel to purchase some nails, after which went down the cabin of the vessel, and Hawkins finding the key of his door removed, put his foot against it, and broke it open. The captain was at the foot of th ; stairs, and in a loud voice told the boy to drag him out. Went on duck, and alter being there a minute, heard Hawkins call out, and on going down heard Hawkins say the captain Was asssulting him. On returning to the cabin found Hawkins down, and M'Xulty with his hand oil Hawkins's throat. Mrs. M'Nulty, came in and took up a hammer, saying the prisoner had used it. M'Nulty appeared very excited. The Bench thought the evidence disclosed no felonious intent, but an aisault had been proved, for which the prisoner would be fined £o and costs of medical at tendance. 