THEATRE ROYAL. Time' was when magicians delighted in gloom and mystery. They were or report relied them-familiar with the Prince of Dart ness. Their visage, their habitations, and their deeds were dark. According to the popular belief, embalmed in everlasting vers 3 by Milton, They could, by potent magic spells, Bond to their crooked purpose nature's laws, Blot the fair moon from her resplendent orb, Sid whirling planets stop their destined course, And through the yawning earth, from Stygian gloom, Call up the meagre ghost to walks of light, Spenser has painted one of the fraternity with the pencil of a Rembrandt, and Butler 1 as sketched another with the coarsely vigorous touch of a Hogarth. But the professor of magic in our days have abjured ce m merce with Satan, and have contracted an intimate and indispensable alliance with science. They are of a decidedly cheerful turn of mind; perform their incantations to the sound of lively music; are addicted to gorgeous displays of ornamental hardware, burnished vases, scarlet drapery, and lighted candles; they court publicity and covet praise ; they wear embroidered coats in place of velvet gowns sprinkled with astrological emblems and have discovered the true philo roper's stone without professedly searching for it. Ben JonBon's sooty and smoke bearded Alchemist," and Dryden's Necromancer whom In a lone tent, all hung with black, who saffr would scarcely recognise the modern representative of their art who last night presented himself before some 3,000 people assembled in the Theatre Royal, and performed his " Royal Balmoral Programme in Fifteen Acts," each of which was extremely clever, and some of them perfectly astonishing. The neatness and dexterity of the wizard's manipulation and prestidigitation are such as to give a high degree of finish to his tricks, while at the same time assisting the com- pleteness of the delusion. He disarms suspicion and puzzles conjecture by selecting his confederates from the audience, in many cases, and thus making them the agents of their own deception, and participants in the tricks practised upon themselves. Habit and physical organisation have combined to render him self-possessed, and this quality is a valuable auxiliary to success in this, as in every other walk of life. The professor s apparatus is of an unusually attractive kind, and a great improvement upon the ordinary paraphernalia exhibited at entertainments of this class, and 18 of course, arranged with adequate regard to stage effect. We will not attempt to describe the numerous tricks comprised in last night's programme, for the description would be tedious to those who witnessed them, and is scarcely necessary OR a stimulant to those who intend to do so, and these two categories probably include the bulk of our play-going population. As we have mentioned above, the theatre was full in every part, and the expressions of approbation numerous and general. In fact, Professor Anderson cannot feel otherwise than gratified with the reception awarded to him on his first public appearance in the Australian colonies 