THE GORDON' STREET RIOTER (Vidi Police Report, February 15.) AN IPSWICHIAN LAY Air—- "Villikins and his Dinah." Oh. listen unto me, and I will relate About a great outrage committed of late, On a hinnocent creature in this town. Who was whopp'd, and was beaten and also knocked down. Chorus of attentive listeners,— Ri, too, ral, &c; One Friday morning, two friend arm in arm, proceeded up Gordon Street, fearing no harm, And, talking of business, wended their way Towards the Club-House of Ipswich (at least so they say). To get a nobbler perhaps, singing— Ri, too. ral, &c..; Now one was named Henderson, Smith was his friend, And little suspected they, you may depend, The danger that Smith ran, or what he'd to fear, Till some terms of endearment fell on his ear. Endearing and soothing chorus, Ri, too, ral, &c.; Now these were the terms of endearment : — "You brute, oh! you wretch, at last you are caught; Now tell me the reason you spread a report, About my behaviour: you said I was drunk !" Thus spoke the fierce Wilks - Smith stood in a funk: But didn't say much. Speechless chorus,-Ri, too, ral, &c.; Now this what Mr. Wilks did. Then lifting his whip up, Wilks made the attack, Punching Smith's head, and whipping his back, Who cried out for mercy, but Lord his fierce foe, When once ha had got him, would not let him go. Most furious and assassinating chorus, — Ri, too, ral, &c.; This is how Smith defended himself. Smith cried our for help, but no help was there: Henderson, perhaps, thought 'twas not his affair, So calmly looked on (at least he says so, Though Smith he insists that his friend got a blow). Neural and in different chorus, — Ri, too, ral, &c.; Wilks, as I said then, not heeding his cries, Threw poor Mr. Smith down, and ere he could rise, Knelt on his fat corpus again and again, While poor Smith lay writhing in agony and pain. Excruciatingly painful chorus,- Ri, too, ral, &c.; This is the way the victim's life was saved. Now some policemen who happened to be near the court, Rushed bravely to save smith, so Wilks cut it short, And letting his foe rise, walked down the street. Was collared by the peelers whom he went to meet. Or, as our fishy little attorney said, "Magnanimously yielded himself a willing prisoner to the offended dignity of law." Dignified and exulting chorus,-Ri, too, ral, &c.; This is what the victim did when he found himself on his feet. He rubbed his poor head, put his hand to his side, The strength of each rib then successively he tried, To see were one broken, for much he did fear That some had gone smash, he felt so weak and queer. Slow and uncertain chorus, as of one in agony. — Ri, too, ral, &c.; Now mark his revenge ! As he was a-waiting for the doctor he'd called, Aud thinking how awfully he bad been mauled, he determined, in order to punish his foe, And get his revenge, to law he would go. Unforgiving relentless chorus,— Ri, too, ral, &c.; The following Monday, when the trial took place, Smith stood boldly forward, and stated his case, Not doubting a moment he'd surely be pitied. And the foeman, the Wilks, as surely committed. But he wasn't, — Ri, too, ral, &c.; Much evidence was heard, and they proved the assault, But it seemed rather doubtful if there wasn't some fault To be found with Smith's conduct, as well as his foe's, Which made some excuse for Wilks coming to blows. Pensive and cogitating chorus. — Ri, too, ral, &c.; This is what was done to the Gordon Street rioter. Defendant's solicitor was on the alert. And soon showed that Smith was more frightened than hurt. So the jolly old beaks after consulting a time, Agreed that five sovereigns would pay for the crime.. Aud Mr. Wils wrote a cheque for the amount, Solemn and impressive chorus, out of com- pliment to the justices, — Ri, too, ral, &c.; MORAL Take warning all, now, when you see a man slewed, Don't go about saying he is always screwed: And also take heed, should your tempers be short, Don't commit an assault within sight of the Court. rejoicing, sympathising, jolly, satisfactory, com- gratulatory, and concluding chorus, - in which the patient Bench, the Smithites, the Wilksites, the witnessers, the bobbies, and the entire strength of the company join in a grand corroboree! singing, — Ri, too, ral, &c; JIM BAGGS, his GHOST 