REVIEW. {From the Lieder, December 12.) MONTAIGNE THE ESSAYIST. Montaigne the Essayist. A Biography, By Bayle St John, With illustrations, 2 vols, Chapman and Hall. Mr. Bayle St. John, before writing this book had thoroughly qualified himself to become the biographer of Montaigne. The ground was unoccupied; no Life of the Essayist had yet appeared. Fifteen years ago he formed the plan, and every interval of opportunity during that long period has been devoted to its elabe- ration. In 1844, indeed, a first chapter was published ; but Mr. St. John then felt the large and penetrating researches would be necessary before he could hope to complete the biography of Montaigne one of the princes of French literature, the peer, yet, in some respects, the contrast of Rabelais, who imprinted his influence on Shakspeare and Bacon, on Swift and Sterne on Pope and Butler, whose writings have beei singularly neglected by Englishmen of the modern generations, and whose character had often been strangely misrepresented in France. Sixty years after the discovery of printing, forty after the discovery of America, fifteen after Luther opened his crusade, Montaigne was born. His peculiar education, his friendship for Estienne de la Boetie, his studies at his ancestral chateau, his Essays, his veiled scepticism, and some other broad facts connected with his career, are vaguely known, as Mr. St. John remarks ; but hitherto his story bas never been adequately told. We have to examine, therefore, the lite- rary title-deeds upon which Mr. St. John founds his claims to rank as the first and only biographer of the great Michel de Montaigne. The Essays, he says, are, and must remain, the chief authority. But he has felt it necessary to be extremely cautious in their use, the statements they contain being occasionally invalidated by actual evidence from other sources. These desultory mate- rials it was difficult to collect. No French or English writer had attempted what Mr. St. John has accomplished. Dr. Payen, indeed, had disinterred a mass of testimonies to the events of the Essayist's life, and had been fol- lowed by Gustave Brunet, Viel-Castel, Jubinal, Grün, and others ; Leon Feugère, Guizot, Vil lemain, Sainte-Beuve, Philarôte Ghasles, Micbelet, and Henri Martin have also been laboriously consulted. But lt seems perfectly true that special authors have in many in- stances created an ideal Montaigne instead of describing the actual one ;-that the Essayist has been converted by successive critics into a Pascal, a Malebranche, a gentlemanly sceptic, in imitation of Bayle, a scoffer, a Capuchin friar, a Mr. Emerson, a property appertaining to Dr. Payen, and a man after M. Grun's . own heart-that is to say, a Préfet of the Gironde. But when we note, in Mr. St. John's explanatory chapters, the great range of inquiry and the multiplicity of.documents, vre are not surprised that upwards of two hundred and fifty years should have'elapsed before a life of Montaigne was competently written. We think it is one of; the principal merits of Mr. St. John's volumes that they are pervaded by a spirit of fine discrimination, that the tone is nowhere exaggerated, that all the aspects of the Essay- ist's genius and disposition are characterised with subtle exactitude, and that the author's unconcealed sympathy with his subject never overpowers his endeavour to be accurate and impartial. Thus we have not a eulogy, but that which is infinitely more valuable, an esti- mate. 'While Mr. St. John's ardour led him to! undertake a pilgrimage to the ancient Chateau de Montaigne, where he was hospi- tably treated by Monsieur and Madame de Curial, . an instinct of justice follows him even into the library interior-sketched from the admirable painting by Henry Wallis-to the foot of Montaigne's tower, into his garden, and into the castellet of La Boetie, with all of which ho made hitnsolf familiar, and which are illustrated in the several woodcuts accompanying the narrative. The portrait of the Essayist is admirable-the portait of a Gascon of Gascons. The biography must be read in its entirety. From any mere outlino tho points that confer originality upon the book would infallibly be missed. Mr. St. John, tracing a continuous series of incidents and developments, con- trives to present, in each chapter, a cluster of harmonious details ; in homage to the patri ! cian ancestry of the Essayist he glances, of ' course, at hts family derivation, and, finding it honourable, passes on through the adventures of Piorre Eyquem, to the birth, early education, youthful studies, and college life of Michel, to his-first-days-at-Gourtr-and - the terrible rebellion of 1548 - an episode singu- larly- illustrative of the social state of France in the middle of tho sixteenth century. In boyhood, Montaigne professes to have been an exuberant lover; according to his own account he was almost a Rousseau in the precocity and variety of his passions. Later, he took the taint that corrupted the Court of Francis the First ; he gambled, gave way to the wildest licence, made himself ritlicu lous by tbe fanciful variety ol his costume, ana yet was sublimely pure in comparison with tbe generationsjKat followed. Hore is a sketch in Lower-Romani colours :-, . ' . It is impossible to paint, except for a secret gallory, copies of the '.manners of a period whon it seoras to have been the custom for Indios to ovorwholm their lovers, othorwiso . coy, with proscnts ; when an Italian prince marvelled to rocolvo a young girl in marriage from France uncorrupted; when that strange instrument, so ludicrously exhibited at the Museum of Cluny, was publicly bought at the fair of St., Gormain hy husbands foroed to leave their wives un- guarded, until lovers threatened ta murder tho dealer if he did notdeoamp; and when mon-servants dressed and undressed their noble mistresses, put on their stockings, i and handed them their chemises. The records we have of tho mingled nattetè and -coarseness of that ago are astonishing. It was firmly believed by many that a mngioian once, to pleaso Franois I., made the toilets of all the ladias of thnt prinoo's court invisible or transpa- rent. ' Impassioned lovers, when they bought silk stock- ings, used to go tn their mistresses and beg thero to wear them for n few days before they put thom on. Tba court transaotod its nflairs quito in a family way. Mademoi- selle dc Limeuil wrote a olevor Batiro when BIIO came to court to attend on tho Queen, and was whipped with two oooompliooB for her impertinence. At this limo tho Frenoh ladios bad not yot acquired their réputation for eleganoo and taste in dress. They wera taught tho art of thc toilette by tho Queen of Navarre, who oarried out the views of her sngaoious mother. Indued, as soon ns tho influenoo of Oatherlno do Modlai began to bo felt In reality, tho corruption of France increased, but booamo moro gorgeous and refined. There was then a perfeot fury for adornments and costumes;' nnd.asan historian naïvoly remarks, " modesty snfferod." \ I should think BO, when at tho banquet of Plossis.les.tourB, given by Henry Hf,, all tho ludlos wero drosned tts men, in groon silk; and et one immediately following, given hy the Queon-Mother at Ohenonceaux, they iBcrvcd nt table almost without any dressos at all I, -, It is more ploasant to watch the growth of Montaigne's heroic friendship with Estienno do 1B Bollier, a, sentiment that, Influenced bis life, his mind, his works, and bganme tho ftämi. ration of his posterity. Such passages are rare, ' even in the biographies of the roost illustrious men. Wo agree with Mr. St. John, that somo 'account of La Bootie was essential to a Lifo of Montaigne ; certainly no personage mentioned in the history of literature has been moro elaborately caricatured ; few deserve better to be justly known than the eloquent Sarladais. We shall await with curiosity Dr. Payen 's reply to Mr. St. John's chapter, headed " Two Ingenious Writers contrasted ;" if, " indeed, a reply be possible. The famous treatise against despotism-which we would gladly see repub- lished in England-is thus estimated : I need scarcely enter into any criticism of the literary oharaoter of the Treatise. By common consent it is olassed now among tho masterpieces of the French language. Ko ono denies it to be full of eloquent ampli- fications and fiery apostrophes, of sentences, of images, of turns of phraseology that render it a marvel, no mat ter at what age ' written. Tts influence has been great, especially on the style of republican writers in troublous times. There are .passages in Milton's prose works which would seem written under that inspiration, if Milton, equally imbued with classical literature, and moro copious, more enthusiastic, more republican still, did not rather naturally fall into the same tono. Wo And reminiscences of La] Bootie in'Bousseau, in Lamennais, in all who have had aocasion to attaok Monarchy. On English readers, who neglect to carry back their imaginations three centuries, and into another country, his tone sometimes produoes an unpleasant effeot. Mis- led by the name of the offloa of our chief magistrate, against whom boys of sixteen, less cultivated than La Bootie, perhaps now imitatively declaim, they are offended by this terriflo attack on Monarchy; whioh is, of oourse, as inapplicable to any part of our institutions as a diatribe against an eleotor of Hanover would be if applied to an elector of Westminster. La Bootie was Montaigne's friend. His associates, of course, were numerous. He could not live at Paris without being fascinated by the fame of Ronsard, at whoso feet a king had, in a poem, laid a crown; and there are grounds for assuming that Montaigne, intro- duced by Pibrac, attended the Academy of Poets established by Baif; he was personally ac- quainted, with Tasso, with Catherine de Medici, and with the three kings, ber sons, and lived long enough in brilliant circles to be disgusted with them. In 1571, retiring to a learned solitude at his chateau, he explored all living literature ; and taking advantage of this event, his biographer devotes a most interesting chapter to the Chateau de Montaigne, especially the Tower : Thero are two stories of tho tower, which is round and massive like a dungeon, and attached to a square tower, smaller, but of about equal height. On the ground-floor, wbioh Montaigne counts as a story, we lind the chapel alluded to in the Essays. Thero we aro shown tho altar, and an aperture communicating with a recess on the first-floor, where Montaigne, according to local tradition, u«ed sometimes to sit and bear mass; perhaps with a Seneca slily in his hand, or a nightcap on bis head. On the summit of tho building may still be seen tba little obamber where hung a huge boll, which every day, morning and evening, used to ring the Ava Moria with such violence that the tower itself was "astonished;" yet Montaigne by degrees got accustomed to it, and was no more kept awake than by the sermons of his chaplain-if he had one, and did not rather depend upon some neighbour or ohance passenger for spiritual food. Perhaps there was', no other chapel for his retainers and farmers in the distriot. Here were composed the Essays : The Essays bear many marks of having been written by a country gentleman. Tho murmur from thu farm- yard sometimes resoundsthrough Montaigne's sentences; and breezes from orchard, and bill, and valley, fan our cheeks as wo flutter his leaves. Ile is no minute describer; he does not paint the roughnesses of tree bark, or count tho veins of a leaf ; but tba masaos around oast impressions into his mind which ha reproduces. "When I dance, I dance," says ho; explaining how each pursuit absorbed him in its turn. . " When I slumber, I slumber; and when I stroll alone beneath the branohes of a fair orchard, if I allow my thoughts to commune awhile with thingB remote and foreign, some other while I recal them to my stroll, to the orchard, to the sweetness of the solitude, and to myself." This fair orchard belonged to him, and still exists behind tho chateau, gently spread on the eastern slope of the bill. All his illustrations of a similar kind seem gathered under tho shadow of his castle, on the day he uses them. They are like fresh-picked flowers, which have not yet felt the warmth of tho bosom on which they glow. He finds them on every corner of the valley: " Wo do not advance in this life, we are carried along, like trifles floating on a'stream ; now lapsing gently, now hurrying rapidly, os tho water is lively or slow.". He is evidently down on the banks of the Didoire, which indeed, when I last ruffled its grassy banks, creating an image to flit by me through those solitudes-for our minds are the tombs from whioh ghosts come out to haunt the world-was hera whirling autumn leaves along in a natrowbed, thoro allowing . thom to vost in tiny reaches. But he goes further, and notices the progress whioh the Dordogno ia making in eating away its banks, so as to carry oft" many bouses by the foundations. This, and tho destruction of bis bro- ther's estate in Medoc by the sea, enabled him to under- stand the supposed disappearance of the Atlantis. His wife and children supply materials for two chapters ; then come household experi- ences-very characteristic ; next, neighbours and friends; then, books in the Essayist's library. It is particularly interesting to trace the studies of such a man, and wander over the fields which were his literary pastures : Montaigne, like Shakspeore, and Butler, and Milton, owed debts, even in matters that appoar most personal, on every side. Not only classioal, but Italian and French poetry, furnished him with colours, wbioh ho used without soruple. Thero havo boen earnest, self sacrificing men, who have disdained this process, fancy- ing that they were bound to get their silk out of their own entrails, and that mulberry-trees were made for nothing. But it has been followed by all great national writers, and it is necessary to point out that it was fol Iowod especially uy ¿Montaigne. The Essayist read poetry, he soys, for pleasure only ; but other books for intellectual profit, too, as Flutaroh and Seneoa. Both these moralists had that notable convenience for him, that they wrote in a broken man- ner, and did not require any obstinate reading. The " Oposoulos" of Plutarch, and the "Epistles" of Seneoa, he oonsidored the finest and most profitable part of their writings. Their instruction is tba cream of philo- sophy, and is presented in a simple and pertinont fashion. Plutarch is moro uniform and constant ; Seneca more undulating and diverse. This ono troubles himself, and makes violent efforts, to arm virtue against weakness, fear, and the vicious appetites. The other seems not to estimate tho dnngor so greatly, and disdains to burry his step and take up a posture of defence. Plutarch has Platonic. opinions, gentle and accommodated to Civil Society; the other has Stoloal and Epiourean opinions, further removed from common use, but in Montaigne's opinion more adapted to private use, and firmer. "It appears in Seneca, that ho gives woy a little to the tyranny of tho emperors of his time (for I hold it as oertnin that lt was by a forced judgment that ho oondemned the oauso of th oso generous murderors of C ie sar,) whilst Plutarch is free everywhere. Seneoa is full of points and sallies; Flutaroh of things. Tho former warms us and moves tts moro ; tho latter glvos moro oontent, mid repays us best. He leads, whilst the oth»r pushes." Elsewhere Montaigne says that his essays are built up with the spoils of Plutarch and Senaca. Never was author so scrupulous in acknowledging bis general obligations to others au Montaigne Tndoed ho far exaggerates them. Ho rai ely, however, gives references, and sometimes molts extracts so completely into his own speculations that wo are not aware they aru not original. Writers have been acoused of plagiarising tho essays, who have merely imitated tho onoiontB. This quotation is but a fragment, separated from an elaborate account of Montaigne's researches among books. To an analysis of the essays, Mr. St. John adds: An endeavour to nkoton some of tho ohief features of the Essaya in a vrny suited to the undidaotio character of this work hns lod mo into a ilosnltory aliaptor. It would, however, be dlfnoult to describo so varied mid complicated a work in n manner moro aonnooted. If my account bo incomplete, it auggestB at any ratu tho idea of incompleteness; and if an apparent contra 1 diction sometimes ooours, it ls boonuse Montaigne is full of contradictions, whiob. oon bo explained in only ono ' woy. " If I paint myself diversely," ho soys, " it ia ! because I sets myHolf diversely." How imprison a judg. . mont of such a man's productions in a fow ovon and consistent sentences f Those who have endeavoured to ' do BO, tiaro generally been content to Uko . portion of Montalgoe for Montaigne himself. For my part, I feel an uncertainty about some of bis doctrines, which I should willi regret seo displaced by absolute conviction. When n definite critical conviction is formed, it is often put aside and allowed to grow rusty, Doubt ItoepB tho mind activo.-WaB, then, the Essayist an nbboluta unbeliever, biding Loliind the mask of falso piety ; or was he half n Christian, half a Pagan an admirer sometimos of the Apostnto Julian, sometimes n worshipper of "Truth itself?" Both opinions as the Jesuits say, are probable ; and I often feel inolinod to lean towards the one, often towards tho other. Morally and philosophically, however, it is a venturesome task to judge any roan in the laBt resort; and, after some years' communion with a professed doubter, I have learned to doubt my infallibility as a critic. We must remember, finally, that Montaigne would .' not soy "lam ignorant," or " I doubt ;" for this was affirmation ; but adopted OB his device the interrogation, QUE SÇAY-JE ? And with this perpetual question on his lips he passed through life. Tho story of his travels is delightful. Mon- taigne had a rare way of describing his own peregrinations, and his choicest passages inter- sperse Mr. St. John's narration. The biography contains so much that is new and informing, that it is impossible to do more than indicate its general characteristics. We have described the basis upon which Mr. St. John has built, and the proportions of his work; more, it is not for us to say, except., perhaps, that this is obviously the book upon which he has bestowed the chief thought and labour of fifteen years. 