ENaLISI-I EXTRA.0 TS. METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From tho Liverpool Albion, December 14.) A Saturday's sitting of both Houses the second week of the session is in itself a coup d'elal enough to astonish the ghost of the 'friend of forty years,' if that once perturbed spirit be susceptible of such emotion touching things terrestial just now. At a quarter to thrse I»3r Speaker's bell rang for prayors ; at fourteen minutes to three tho Prcmior was on his knees, setting an cxamplo of punctuality, if not of piety, to all the young Tapers of Tndpolcdom, although at half p.ist two ho was in Cabinet Council, having transacted nobody knows how mush miscellaneous business concerning all cjrners of the earth tho preceding half dozen hours, he not having left Palace yard till after two o'clock in the morning. Capacity of this kind for work is supsr-human. No wonder tho work transacted should bo super-natural, in virtue perhaps of bo much of it being subterranean. Thero was no necessity whatever for his presence to-day. What wai to be done was of the most routine formal, mechanical, kind possible, and didn't occupy an hour. Three quarters of that period was occupied in what wasn't worth, three farthings, at an extravagant com mercial computation. But there he was, from beginning to end ; with the exception of one particularly signifi cant three minutes, when Great Globe Wyld, with nn eye mayhap to the issue of* now mnp, got up to ask the noble lord if, nfter the recess, ho reully meant to do anything with or for a place called India. The noble lord, seeing the coming popping of the question, popped out; and Sir Georgo Grey had to pop up, and. say that his noblo friend did not happen to be in his place at tho minute, but that— ah— why— roally, tig to India, and that tort of thing, why, whon fter Thursday, tho 4Sk of February next on3uin then, in that c*se, and under such ?'circumstances, wb '? should sou, ah, why what wo should see ; but that, in' the meantime, why— ah— it would bo just as well to gay nothing about what wo, ah— shouldn't sco; and with this explanation ho trusted tho honorablo gcntla man behind htm would bo perfectly satisfied. Tho honorablo gentleman was perfectly satisfied for tho perfectly satisfactory reason that he couldn't help him Bnlf. A titter ensued which expanded into a laugh, as tho noblo vtceount walked in ngain, ajd listened, with all his ears, and very remarkable oars they are, intact as well as figuratively, *o tho momentuous disquisition between Mr Robert Lowo and Mr Augustus Smith ns to a lighthouse at low-walor mark on 'bno lido of the Bay of St. I ves, and a lighthouse at high-water mark on tho other sido of said bay, for tho convenience of Cornish sprat-catchore. This was just as important as anything olso that was said or dono, and one would think the saying a^id doing of such might safely bo left to the discretion evun of n cabinet of ' appendages.' But no. The First Minister will be first and last, hoad and tail, Alpha and Omega, and will trust nothing to any body that his own eye can overlook. The only variation in tho procoeding? was tho pro ceeding to tho Lords. Spooner wai in tho midst of a gurrency bluo-book of a thoaiand folio pages, moro or less, rending it with a gusto, as though it were tho Jesuit Sanchez's ' Troatiso on Matrimony,' in re May nooth, though not listened to with quite the same relish, proving thit somebody had said a one pound note might, could, would, or should, bo worth twenty shillings in silver, whereas it ought to havo been one sovereign in gold, the difference bointf most material, because ? 'Black Rod!' shouted Scrgeant-at-Arms, and up the floor, stiff as the buried Majesty of Denmark armed cap a-pie, strode Pulnian, commanding tho faithful Commons to appear beforo her Majesty's commissioners, and hoar what thoy should hoar. The faithful ('om mons, giving a quaff' at tho squashed Brummngemite, tumbled into marching order with a readiness and regu larity far greator than when they have to meot tho Monarch in person, and this was the moro remarkable from thoir number, for thero couldn't be less than a hundred— nearly all Ministerialists to a man, as nearly ovory man is now, and every woman and child too. Thero wero no leading Oppositionists, the front row of tho Opposition being actually filled with retainers of tho Troasury, so as to keep the Cabinet Jupiter more effectually in countenance, two of the most prominent of these newly-placed curiosities being his old thunder bolts by land and soa, Evans, through, whom a crown, was given to Isabolla of Spain, and Napier, who served ns like instrument to like end for Maria of Portugal. De Lacy is tho only man in tho House of about tho same ago whom Palmcrston doesn't put to tho blush on the score of apparent juvenility. Indeed, the old sol dier looks even younger, by reason of his bushy crop of coal black hair, luxuriant enough to servo as a per petual advertisement for a perruqucan Ross and Sons, who aro always announcing ' another fiuo bear slaughtered to-day.' But the General is far less livoly in the legs ; in that particular the Viscount distances all comers ; nono can go to the pedestrian paco with P. To- day ho of, course, lod the van in tho march to tho peers; and as ho stood once moro at tho bar, chattering, smiling, nodding, winking, ho seemed absolutely buoyant beside his own postboy, Argyll, who, though a cabinet Miuistor now of several years stand ing, wasn't born till ten years alter Palmer ston had assisted in sending Bonaparte to St. Helena, an ovout which- sounds in modern ears as if coeval with tho Hc-pturchy. The Duko was one of the only three ministers on the usual^bench, the other two being Stanley of Alderley and Panmure, poor Dowb looking as if ho had been by no moans taking care of himself lately, or as if thoughts of Sydney Herbert had begotten a mortif- ication of the flesh, which his spiritual exercises nt Exotor-hall had not quite cured. Tho commissioners were Granville and Broudalbanc, and, of course, the Chancellor, there being no other peers whatevor in tho House. Tho proceedings had hardly begun whon they woro over, their whole pith and point being concentrated iu tho ukase that till tho 4th of February wo must bo content to wonder how it comes to pass that Yoh continues to wear his head on his shoulders, when the present Parliament wore elected solely to take it off. Back to the Commons tho great un-commoner led his flock, and out on his most attentive air, while Spooner, resuming the thread of his dreadful discourse, spun away with the remorseless pertinacity of Miss Destiny herself, looking very like a witch without crinoline. But thero must be an end to everything sometime or othor ; and, at last, Spooner ceased, nobody having tho faintest notion what he had been talkingTibout, except that it was tho interpretation of nn innxplicablo speech tho night before, and therefore, of oourso, infinitely more difficult of comprehension. But indeed most of the speeches of last night, not excluding Uardwcll's model address of that sort, might be included in such cntegory, the majority of the speakers succeeding only in disproving their own premises, and then voting against what should havo been their natural conclu sions. Mr Horsfall's was one of tho best reasoned, and vory effectively spoken, though imperfectly reported, as indeed most of the others arc also, currency, except in the most restricted shape, not being among the specialities of stenographers. Aa to the worth of nrgucicnt either way in influencing decision, of courso it did'nt mutter twopence ; and if Government had deemed that a five shilling piece should pass for thrco half- crowns, the majority would probably have boon about the same ; and wo should have had, aa we now have, three Barings voting with the ayes and two with thouoes, by way of showing tlio unenlightened public what unanimity pro vails among tho owners of a name assumed to be oracu lar on matters affecting the commerce of the country. Thomas Baring's presence in the miuority would fleom to put a negative on the talk about his partiality for the ' accommodation' principle ; but, then, whon we find Hudson on tho aamo side, it would bo rather too much to draw the same inference as to motivo, fir it cin't be supposed that George has any insuperable antipathy to the facilo circulation of autographs when inscribed across oblong pieces of foolscap with an inland revenue impress in the loft hand corner. Gladstone and Disraeli turning into the sumo lobby foreshadows something looming in ihe future of finance more nebulous even than a Pulestino or a Puseyito mystery; but a note of special import indeed deserves to bo made of the fact of Sir W. Codringtop, tutor of tho heir apparent, voting also in the minority. The ' standard of value' must, of courso, bo a primary precept with tho princo'iS pro coptor; aud for the future sovoreigu to uudorstand ' what's a pound' i^ a point of prominent importance. But can Codrington solve that unequal equation? Does he know that unknown quantity ? A Dis raelian and Gladstonian and Uuring pound isn't a Palmerstonian, Wilsonian, Curawollean, Hors fiillen, Guerney-Hnnky-Glyn pound. Which is which, in 1857, and which is to bo which in 1858 ? Which is which in 1857 is answered by who's who in 1857; and, if we knew who's to bo who in 1808, wo could answer the other mutter also. Sufficient for the dny, howover, is the monetary mudrilo thereof; so let us leave the Bank and the 'resf'nt pence, and pursue' tho two-legged, instead of the pecuniary, problem. Ono peculiarity about last night's division was it3 being tho first in which tho new sub-whip, Brand, figured in plaC3 of the old one, Mulgrave, now his Excellency Governor of Nova Scotia. This i» the uukindest blow of all at tho Blue Nosos. Where is J lidge Haliburton ? Oat of his Sam Slide wits with indignation, whatever bo his corporeal whereabouts. Shades ?ofMolesworth, Mill, Walcefleld, Bontham, and all tho rest of reformers, only think of Mulgrave a colonial governor ! There is nothing beyond that, and anything and everything else hereafter must seem admirable in comparison. In fact, somo people don't beliuve it is a fact at all, but a Christmas pleasantry of Iho Uouiic Old Gentleman's to got up a laugh these dreadfully dismal times. Yet what a light it throws on a mystery of seven years' standing. During ail that time it was a perpetual puzzle to frequenters of the House to see Mulgravo moping about tho lobby, in a sort of indolent fussiness, running, or rather waddling, after Uayter, with vacuous airandmooniiig aspcct,noone knowing what ho was about, ho himself, to ull appear ance, equally ignorant. Under forty, he seomod three score ; son of the most picturesquely patrician looking of papas, he i3 cast in the most plebeian mould of mor tality, a lac-simile of John O'C'onnull ; and tailory and attitude pluralise the singularities of nature. That this heir of a marquisate should bo a subordinate fouter for votes for all these years has been one of the most inex plicable of parliamentary phenomena. Hayter's position, thu position of a person like Hajter, is intelligible enough. He is cutout for his work; has a relish and an aptitudo for it ; is vivacious, bustling, bullying, wheed ling, consequential, dictatorial, patronising, and, what i3 more, possesses patronage. He is a puissance, a destructive power in tho state ; knows it ; and makes others know it too. True, ho is a low typo of a low order of whip, a* compared with Billy Holmes, Fre mantle, Sir John Younge, or even Lord Marcus Hill; but the/i ho has a lower order of material to deal with. Parliament is altogether an inferior assembly to what it was even half-a-dozen years ago, to go no farther back ; for although many course elements, or rather items, then abounded, tho mass had not sunk to mediocrity ; great individualities elevated tho whole ; and oven tho extremest joint of the Liberator's tail had a certain altitude in right of its Titanic head. But now a parlia ment of 'appendages' is becoming manipuluteil by a Hnyter. Nevertheless, that he should be toadied by a Mulgravo, himsulf destitute of an atom of power or in fluence of any kind, without tho smallest tide-waitcTship in his gift, was an abasement that defied comprehension All ii clear enough now. Three thousand a year for six years certain; perhaps for sixteen, if he minds his ps ami qs ; and considering his eye to Number One hitherto, there is small doubt ho will do that. Then, too, he conveniently makes a vacancy for another protei/e as Treasurer of tho Household; and Mr Brand steps 'into his shoos in the lobby. Who is Brand? Nobody knows. Nobody ever heard. The extraordinary thing now is that many of the occupants of the Troasury Bench are as utter myths to those supposed to be conversant with parliamentary matters, as though they were tho personnel of the Pope's or tho Czar'a kitchen. Time was when to be a junior lord of treasury, or admiralty, or clerk of ordnance, or judge advocate, wns to bo some body ? a secretary of Board of Control was a great man indeed; au undersecretary ofetato, or of war, a pres-ident of poor-law board, or of trade, or of anything, implied eminent distinction. But now the vory mes songcrs bthind Mr Speaker's chair couldn't call over tho names of ministers. Nay, for threo months last session it was a constant sourco of bewilderment to know who wero not ministers, as, for instance, whether Monsell wa9 one; or whother ho or Cowper was 'th» wrong ono in tho right placo ; or whether both were not in the sarao place— tho placo itself being of equal mystification, namely, the Board of Health. But Brand is tho obscurist of all these obscurities; and, little as Mulgrave knew about anything, ha knows less. Formerly even a minor whip was supposed to know, or to bo known by, everybody, especially of his own party. But now there is no party ; and, such knowledge being perfectly superfluous, a nouentity like Brand, who looks exactly what he is, serves well enough to count ^ noses, without the loast reference to the heads the noses are supposed to belong to, if it bo not an oxtravagaut hypothesis altogether to suggest the idea of brains under such circumstances. Bather Carlylish misgivings nriso from such latterday contemplations, and others not less lugubrious crop up in othor quarters. The Disraelian organ to- day saya :— ' It is always a bad sign when a Prime Ministor finds it difficult to disposo of a vacant garter. Although the honor is very great, noblo lords do not wish to lay themselves under obligations to a Minister unless they concur in hi» prin ciple?, or strongly support his personal claims. Two dukes and ono cnrl have certainly refused the glittering insignia of our highont order of chivalry, whon recently tenaorcd them by Lord Palmerston. They have ap peared to tbink that such an acceptance might be inter preted as an act of infidelity to their particular con nexion ; yet ono of theso dukes is the hoad of an illustrious old English race that, in late years, has been particularly steadlast to tho Whig connexion. These rejections of the garter, with the circumstances of Lord Harrowby being in tho Cabin'ct, nnd Lord St. GdTiir.iig receiving a high appointmpnt at Court, along with tho fact of the Jewish Disabilities not being taken up by Govornmcnt, have naturally caused munh animated observation.'- The only two ungattorod gracE3 of AVhiggery who answer to this description aro Somerset and Grafton; Norfolk can hardly bo included, for many M Neilite and othor reasons. But a3 regards the earl, so circumstantially alluded to, tho wholo fabric of tho legend breaks down, that is to say, in respect to motivc-i for declining tho proffered dignity, he being nono other than the Premier's stop son-in-law, Sh«ftesbury. AVhy didhodecline? Indifference to worldly distinction, insen sibility to mundane ambition ? Nothing of tho sort. A more ambitious man is not to be found in tho domi nions of Victoria Rcgina ; nor has thero been one of moro pertinacity in following out the promptings of a soaring spirit sinco tho days of his audacious ancestor, tho Achiiophel ' a name to all succcodings ages curst,' of Dryden's satirs. What then is the roason for reject ing tlie crowning guerdon of decorative cminonce ? Why, the very unchivalrouB bar of £ s. d.— nn impedi ment not recorded in Proissart. but of potential signifi cance in Hansard. Does being a knight of the garter entail more profuse living than being an earl without those consonants ? By no means. If it did, what should wo say of the Duke of Buckingham's position ? But to get the garter, in the first instance, involvel an outlay of somo £1,500, in the shape of fees to the King. What King, Bozoninn ? Why, the King of Arras, of course ; besides Clarenceux, Norroy, Port Cullis, Rouge Croix, llougo Dragon, and all tho re.t of the mores nary meditevul vampires who prey on the pockets of the beknighted. But all this couldn't Come to half £1,500 ? Yes, very nearly to half; but then, you aro to recollect, that this half is the lesser moiety, tho greater being absorbed in the purchaso of tho bluo vel vet mantle, «r tho surcoat of crimson velvet, tho hood fixed to the mantle, or cap of black velvot with an aigretto of horon's feathers ; tlie collar of gold, composed of twenty-six pieceo mado to resemble garters ; with the badge of the order, (figure of George and the winged crocodilo,) pendant from it ; and tho garter of bluo volyot, with a little koh-i-noor in tho knoo buckle ; besides the lessor Georgs as it is called, attaching to a bluo ribbon passing from tho left shoulder to the right hip. All those combinations mean nn aggregato of money, iho demand for which is not ono of ' Shaftes bury's Characteristics' to comply with, and ho verypro porly doesn't. True, we find in those mysterious par liamentary papors called ' Civil Contingencien,' tho uuoivilest publications issued, that the public nro fl.-ccod enormously in all sorts of outlay for these vory paraphernalia, including 'repairs of collars of tlio knight.',' and ' repairs of silver trumpets and kettlo drums' blown and beaten whilo the kuights are being dubbed. But all that doesn't sooni to diminish tho pecuniary ordeal of tho investiture one farthing to the martyrs themselves ; for the peculiarity of red-tape arithmetic is that the moro it nppears to cut off nt ono end the more it tacks on tho other ; and tho upshot is that the real elongation of tho bill is considerably inoroased by tho npparont entailment. Tho same consideration that has weighed with Shaf tcsbury mny havo influenced Nowcastlo, who is said to have likowiso boen pressed : but it cannot havo afi'ccted the Master of tho Horse, Wellington, who, as a great olucer of tho household, and the husband of a groat court favorite, should h.ivo been chosen long ago, had ho cared about it, nnd that ho doesn't care is cortainly surprising, and ought to be distressing to tho minstrels who whilo mo sang of ' old nobilitie.' Apropos of tho chief warbler of that strain, his brother tho Duko of tyiuland, unmitigated Tory though ho bo, -is said to have been almost mesmerised by thu great inngnotiser, and to pronounco foi Palmcrston, whom ovory ono is apparently determined to have for a friend, and who is certainly doterminod to have every ono for his friond, and will take no denial. The othor night, for instance, after his ArmaUaoehcque cano, iEniad, hewaB rebuked byavordnnt member named White, on tho ground of not being sufficiently tpic in his tone, and ro mantic in his largesse. The summary of tho scene a? givea in tho premier's morning print is in o.vtry way unique, data nnd description, viz.:—' Mr White indulged in sarcasm as regarded the Russian campaign compared with the b'illinnt march of English troops in India. Lord Palmerston administered repraof, charac terising MrWhito's remarks as founded upon ignorance, and unworthy of an Englishman.' Thereupon Wiiite rcpiiod that ho didn't mean to blacken Black Bottlo or any of tho Balaclava band of bickcrers; whernupon Lord Palmerston rejoined that such an observation was highly creditable to his ?'honorable friond, if he would allow him to call him so.' Honorablo friend to an uttorer of rotnarks unworthy of an Englishman ! Civ is Homanus this indeed. But friend hois rotolved 1 1 bo with everybody. It was so with tho Unadorned when ' arbitration' was proposed; and it will of eour&o; bo so when the Cobdcnic lieutenant, Milner Gibson, takes his seat for Asliton, on tho 4th of February, by which time also Bright will be in his placo, and that diplo matic Joseph Ady, Bowerintr, may expect to hoar somej thiug to his disadvantage, though, it must be confessed, that thu plenipotentiary has improved in tho estimation of influential personages hero sinco tho arrival of hit outlandish olvos, the two Siamesc'ICing'ii three ambas sadors, concerning whom, or rather whoso hats, at tho opening of Parliament, u promise was made hero last week to say something this. The'first thing to bo said on that head is, that the hats are not hats at all, resembling nothing over beheld on tho pericrauium of a human being in these latitudes, Ferouk Khun himself not excepted. Tho Siamssn esti mate of tho importance of an occasion seems to bo indi cated by tho circumference of hat ; and tho opening of tho British parliament and the presence of tho British Wuoeu being, in their opinion, matters of trans cendent moment, their hats expanded to tho most unbelievable dimensions, equal to the roof of a respectablo cottage orne, and a tolorable yic-nic might take place beneath it without inconvenient crowding. Those roofs eclipsed nil other covering, whether of coronets or robes, and fascinated majesty itself in the midst of the most impressivo portion of the wholo proceedings— a circumstanco which tho owners of tho Asiatic sknll-guar wore perfectly conscious ; for thoy looked as though they felt, or at least wished to feel, their hats widening liko the tont of the fairy, Pari Banou, which couli accommodato a squadron of cavalry, and collapse within a snuff- box. Those most peculiar plenipotentiaries are said to have crawled in quadru pedal fashion into the presence of the Queen ; but how they contrived to dispose of their hats in that attitudo in not recorded. Probably tho chronicler of tho Court Circular didn't feel equal to the delineation. Without their hats they would be shorn of nine-tenths of their consequence, and therefore be proportionately unequal to honor tho British lion. Tho inference then is that they kept on their hats, which would have been ex tremely convenient, enabling her Majesty to laugh without wounding their amour propre—a. difficulty Bho is reported to havo been sorely tried in getting OTer. That she retained somo very hilarious recollections of the presentation was obvious from her manner when, on passing through, the Royal Gallery in the House of Peers, on Thursday week, she recognised a swarm of tho minor members of tho suite (a most ill-looking unwa3hed wholly hutloss half Lasear set), ensconced in a particularly eligible compartment by themselves : and turning to tho Duchess of Sutherland, she mado somo remark which co'u»o.l her graco to wax audibly mirthful, and the cnccliination became contagious with tho other grace (Wellington) who uphold the other sido of the royal train. Tho Princess Royal, who was just in tho rear, missed tho point of the joke whatever it was ; but it didn't much matter ; for she was seem ingly in too great a tremor to have much relish even for parental pleasantry. It was her first appearance in public, and sho seemed to be laboring under a decided visitation of stage fright, which had scarcely passed oft on her return, for she was as pale as_ tho white rose in her hair. And profuse aud beautiful her hair is ; therein increasing tha likeness old spectators saw, or fancied they saw, to the Princess Charlotte, on a Bimilar occasion, the year before she was married, long, lonar, awfully long ago, whon her grand uncle, Leopold, figured as a dashing hus3ar, in all tho printsellers' window?, and even Henry John Temple wasn't much older than his present President of the Council JVbulous times those appear to havo beeu ; yot it is much easier to believe tho incredibilities reported Of them, than what passes under our nose every day. A translation of Mr Wilkie Collins', story, ' Tha Dead Secret,' is about to bo published ^in P«'S. T ho translators aro puzzled how to translate the title. There s no equivalent in French for tho Eng Ush phraso « ' dead secret,' and in tin. ca.e the original title con ains tho very essence of tho story. '? The profound eerot' is a mere paraphiase, and tho mystere a substi ute for the English title. 