LOCAL Ñ EWS. ? THE FIRE BKIGADE HELMET.-An advertise-' ment has several times appeared in' our grandmother offering a reward of £i for the inventor of the best and most serviceable höhnet, for tho nse of thc Sydney Volunteer Fire Company. Wo have had so many com- munications on tho subject, pointing.out various descrip- tions of " tile>." and asking onr opinion thereon, that wo cannot possibly spare spaco to reply to all. Ono anxious enquirer points out the " Tom Newall" hat, as a perfect novelty, with. the edges so contrived as to catch auy bnrning"cinderB or embers which might otherwise singe tho wearer's oars and side-locks. .Then, tho celebrated,' yet still singular " Holroyd hat," the front and back rims of which aro admirably formed to tilt off any small fiery projectile.' Tho itinerant individual yclept the .'i Flying pieman," has recently donned a tin hat, which'lias boen pointed out to,us ns the summum bonum in tho holraot lino. Tho umbrella shaped lint in yoguo amongst tho Chincso has been alluded to, and it certainly would be an interesting spectacle to soo a lot of sturdy, firemen a's 'cending ." a.liouob o ii fire !" tièlmetted like the Celestials. ? We havo a hobby of our own, which we modestly recom imond to our. friends the Sydney Fire Volunteers. It ¡B a 'helmet which,has olten been tried, and nover found want ling in tho deadliest and hottest fires. Its wearers climbed burning Badojos, Cuidad Rodrigo, .and many other .similarly terrible places. Wo.allude to the bearskin chp of tho British Grenadier. It is'capable of defending tho wearer, not only from accidental fire,.but from fire-balls, and explosivo missiles wilfully hurled, against lt. .It is. hnhdsomo and becoming, nor nonrly so oppressive jis tho ordinary, ugly leathern helmet, nud slightly modified, ii would, we bclievo, ho found,to answer satisfactorily'. CROWNERS' QUESTS ; OR, TWO OF A TRADE, &c.-The; old adnge~",Who shall decide, when doctors disagree ?" is again verified. ;No resurrection men could quarrel more over a stiff un, en route from the desecrated sepulchre to the environs of Guy's Hospital, than do some of our M.D.'s relative to the right to give medical testi- mony in an inquest upon the dead. A long letter appears in last Tuesday's- Herald from Dr Owen Spencer Evans, complaining that Dr Woodcock tried to poke his nose into an inquest at Balmain, on the body of a drowned child, he (Dr O.S.E)claiming the right on the ground of being the first discoverer. Circumstanced as the Coroner and the medical gentlemen are, they have golden reasons for holding inquests upon every person who dies, and no wonder, since they are paid by the job, that we continually read inquests on old fellows of 60 or -70, ending with-" Verdict : died by the Visitation of God accelerated by intemperance". A visitation of cholera morbus, an earthquake, or the falling in of a theatre would bo a perfect God-send to these gentry. But it must pain many n poor person's dying moments to imagine,- we say imagine, - that some low sneaking fel- low, called a coroner's constable, may nose out her or his, demise, report it; jackall like, to his superior, and to the favorite M.D. of tho hour, and that he or she may be lacerated-and-desecrated ere conveyed to the final resting, place of the tomb., Listens lads and lasses, of famous Botany Bay While I relate the doleful fate of poor, old Teddy Shea Ted was a glorious fellow, and grog, was his delight He'd drink from night till morning, and again from morn till night. But no-one could persuade poor Ted', that grog is wont to kill: He'd drank it six-and-fifty years, yet kept on living still, Last Monday night the strength of grog poor Ted; as usual, tried, He drank till he could drink no more; gave up the ghost and died. The Crowner quick a Jury got, a dozen staunch and true, To find how. Teddy met his death,'his corpus for to view. A portly surgeon chopped him up, In slices neat and small, ' " That Teddy's death was caused by grog, is evident to all !" The Foreman said, '"Tis evident poor. Teddy's seized by death Thc verdict we're agreed upon, ls Died for want of breath.'" 