Legal Delinquents. ' Awful Disclosures' would be an apt heading to a very large portion of the com mercial chronicles of England during the year 1857. The half-smothered records of our Bankrupt Firms are instructive enough in their way, just as the Newgate Calendar is instructive. In them we are taught how an extensive business can be established upuu uutuin^, aim uiiuiimmcu iui twu jcaia upon losses; how a little coterie of firms, each of which is in an insolvent condition, can for years stave off apparent bankruptcy by the astute use of accommodation bills; bow the man of shadow can afford to under sell the man of substance, and to drive him from the best markets; and, finally, how capital is rather an encumbrance and an embarrassment than an advantage to the commercial man. All this useful learning, and much more of the same character, may be gathered from the mercantile chronicles of 1857. Why should not one of our ready bookmakers take them in hand*, and, pro posing to himself Lord St. Leonard's Sandy Hook as a model, extract from them their very essence and marrow, and give us ' Tlie Rogue's fade Mecum ; ' or Whom to C/ieat, Rob, and Avoid?' The work would 'sell.' We call attention to the clever doings of this particular class, because we are about to offer a few remarks upon a cognate subject — the sharp practice of Attorneys and Solicitors. We are not speaking of the small technical villanies of such a man as the late Mr Sampson Brass, nor of the manner in which little ugly legal spiders of the foulest kind emmesh their miserable victims in a glutinous web of costs. To-day we strike at nobler game, at the antlered monarch of the profession, such an one as takes his pastime in the ferny coverts of Lincoln's-inn-Fields, or spurns the dew in Bedford-row, — at the great ' Family Solicitor' himself. But we would cot have it for a moment supposed that in speaking of the misdeeds of one firm we would include all of the same class in the dragnet of the single charge On the contrary, it has always been with us matter of surprise that where such unbounded con fidence is placed in the probity, the accuracy and the diligence of a class of men, there are so few defaulters to their trust. It must be considered that the fortune and the honour of a large portion of our English gentry are in the hands of the Family Solicitor. How seldom does any scandal occur! He is consulted upon their muni ments of title — he arranges their marriage settlements — he makes their wills — he varies their investments— he looks after the scape grace sons; and sometimes after the too graceful daughters — he smooths down con jugal difficulties — he prevents his clients from going to law. But not a word escapes him which could lead the world to suppose that the discreet elderly gentleman who is sipping his sherry. as quietly as though time hung heavily upon his hands had been a principal agent in more domestic melo dramas than M. Alexandra Dumas, even with the assistance of M. Maqnet, could elaborate during their joint lives. The Family Solicitor of our day is the Father Confessor, or rather the ' Director' of ancient times, and is, in the vast majority of instances,^ we believe, far more faithful to his truft. Having said thus much, we may now. add that every now and then lamentable examples occur on the other side. One of these is furnished in the pro ceedings which were taken the other day in bankruptcy before Mr Commissioner Fane in the case of Henry Hall and Cheslyn Hall, Solicitors, of New Boswell-court. These persons were carrying on business as Family Solicitors in a very considerable wayi They have failed with debts and liabilities to the amount of £150,000, and it is not probable that their estate will realize more than from £20,000 to £25,000. They have abstracted the money of their credulous clients — they have pretended to effect mortgages which they did not effect — they have sold out stock which they had no authority to sell out— they have rendered false accounts, cooked and spiced in a manner which would have satisfied the critical palate of Mr George Hudson himself. The cause of all this crime and all this ruin has been a commercial one. The Halls broke down, not indeed from precisely the same causes which led to the majority of the recent failures, inasmuch as they had capital — the capital of their clients — to trade upon, but because they, being bred and trained to the profession of the law, chose to be sportsmen and breeders of stock. Their father before them had practised as a solicitor and left them an excellent profes sional connexion, but by this beaten path they could not become as speedily rich as they desired. They turned aside into another, where they were confronted and vanquished by men who beat them as easily as they would have beaten stock farmers upon a doubtful point of law. Loss followed loss; the money of one client after another was misappropriated in order to meet defi ciencies, and in the end the Halls, who once had been solvent attorneys at law, found themselves insolvent breeders of stock. The granting cf the certificate was very naturally opposed by the clients of the firm who had been so shamelessly plundered by the men who of all others were bound to protect their interests. For example, Cheslyn Hall had induced Lady Rushout to sign a note of his own concoction and in his own hand writing directing that £2,700, three per cent. Consols should be transferred to his name. An addition to that sum was made by Sir Charles Rushoufe for Lady Rashout's benefit, which brought up the amount to .£3,000. Cheslyn Hall obtained possession of the money under the pretext that he could procure for Lady Rushout a higher rate of interest than she could obtain in the Funds. He never did invest the money at all, but paid interest upon it, so as to keep his credulous employers in the dark. Again, when the firm was pressed for an account of all transactions between, themselves and Sir Charles Rushout, from 1847 to 1856, they did furnish an account and summary. Ac cording to this summary the balance was £22,801 7s 9d, exclusive of law charges. It subsequently appeared that the balance against them should not have been the smaller sum stated, but £63,421. In plain English, the firm of Henry and Cheslyn Hall had rendered an account falsified to the extent of £40,000. The items omitted included one of £11,640 for Government Stock, the property of Sir Charles Rushout, which the firm had sold out and applied to their own purposes without his authority. Large amounts of Government Stock were subsequently dealt with by the Halls in the same manner, and of these sales no mention was made in the account furnished by them to Sir Charles Rushout. Nor was this gentleman the only victim. Two sums of the joint value of £15,500, the property of Lord Northwick, also invested in Govern ment Stock, were handled in a similar fashion, without authority; this money they also applied to their own purposes. Two Chancery suits were commenced in Lord North wick's name without his knowledge. Sir Charles Rushout was induced by one of the Halls to sign a paper relating to a mortgage deed, without knowing what he was about, and this transaction was im proved to the exclusive advantage of the firm. Again, the brothers Hall received £10,000 from a Mr Benbow and others as mortgage money for Lord Northwick's benefit. This money they spent themselves. In the same manner they appropriated to their own use £8,000 of mortgage money, part of a larger sum, ^received on Sir Charles Rushout's account; also another sum of £4,700. A Mrs Alexander Dal gleish wished to make a statement to the Court with respect to what she described as 'a base and cowardly fraud' which had been perpetrated by these Family Solicitors, adding that, in consequence of the mis conduct of the bankrupts, she was without the means of procuring legal assistance. This statement, in consequence of a techni cal objection, she was not permitted to make on Thursday, but her case will at a subse quent stage of the proceedings be brought forward by the Solicitors to the Assignees. The disclosure, tio doubt, will be as edifying as those which have preceded it. The lesson which an exposure of the present kind suggests is certainly not distrust of Solicitors generally or indeed of Family Solicitors, among whom could readily be named many men of the highest character; but thus much it certainly teaches — never solicit the services of any profes sional man in this branch of the law -who is notoriously known to be occupied in some other pursuit than that of his profession. Such a man may, no duubt, with perfect safety, be trusted to carry through this or that particular piece of legal business, but not as a recipient of money. The fact is that men pressed for money will endeavour to get it out of a brick wall. In what position is a layman who ventures to remon strate with his legal adviser? Difficulties, of the existence of which he was not aware, are summoned up like ghosts — he is helpless in a labyrinth of technicalities. He may know perfectly well that he ought to have his money, but the fact is his Solicitor wants it himself. He can't starve a beautiful speculation for the sake of a few thousand pounds, when it is upon the eve of turning out a hit. — Times, Jan. 39. 