DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE BREAKFAST CREEK BRIDGE.- The driving of piles into the bed of the creek is proceeding ac- tively, and there is every prospect of an early commencement with the masonry of the pier. .3 I SLTKPMF. COCRTHÜUSE.-The contract for the tepaira and alterations in the Supreme Court 9 I House, Bri «bum»,'has been ti.ken by .Mr. Thom p. 8 j son, builder, for £1520. Mr. Mu'rph;., builder, Sydney, has engaged to construct tho Court House ni Ipswich. DOWNS POLLINO PLACES-Wo obscrro in the (Gnxr/tethat Lismore'nul H.-.U'na ln\« i. pointed polling places for the Clarence and Dar- ling Dowtis. BOONOO BOONOO.-We leam from a corres- pondent that the new gold-field nt this place is likely.to turu out ,well. He recommends none but parties accustomed to " dig," to 'try their fortune. BLUE ADMIRAL.-Persons interested in horse stock will regret to learn that this splendid entire horse, the property of Mr. Joseph Fleming, died about a fortnight since. BUILDING IS SOUTH BRISBANE.- Building operations on the south side of the river aro "radiially extending towards Kangaroo Point, and we etpeot before long to see the junction effected. Moat of the new erections are ne.it cottagos, but there-is one which deserves attention for its "re.it'.'r size and costliness. The building is of stone, in a plain neat style of street architecture, and ia advantageously situated in the immediate neighbourhood of tho Brisbane Ferry landing, and" A. S. N. Co.'s wharf. The interior is well finished, containing a cedar staircase with doors, window-sills, and mantelpieces of the same mate- rial. It contains about 16 rooms with out- offices, and is plastered throughout. French lights lead from the upper rooms to the verandah. Two of tliene rooms cato be thrown into one by means of folding doors. A beautiful view of the river, South Brisbane, and part of North Brisbane is ob- tained from the verandah. The building is tho property of Mr. Alexander M'Intyro and is to bo appropriated to the purposes of a family hotel. Messrs. Petrie have erected it for the proprietor, nnd when finished its estimated coat will exceed £2000. TOMMY HOLT'S OLD " CHARACTER AND FAMILY" DODGE.-Our ex-member is trying his cant upon the South Cumberland electors. " Having," says Tommy, " resided umonght you abovo half a generation, you are well able-to judge whether I am tiortby to fill the office of your representative. I defy any man living to point lo a spot or a t>tain on my character. My children, who were all horn in the South Hiding, will never have occasion to blush at the ment'oti of my name. Tbe best of men cannot always avoid tho venom of the slan- derer, but the malice of snob fiends fall liurniless on the man ufa spotless lifo." Very mode.st when aman write-* tims ol' himself, and very wise when it loath to the infero.ice that election "pledge»*' are henceforth to consist of so many " native babies!" "Tommy" as a model christiai, after his own fashion, «ill assure the electors that-he lives in charity with the i>art.es whom he desg- uates " fiend*." , Does li«include the "deceived" of the Stanley BnMiighs in this denunciation! As Air. Holt ha* not in the preceding pirt of his addi ess alluded to anyone "slandering" the "man of a spotless lifo (¡)" »o are led, by the bad Kng liih of the writer, to the conclus on that the "be.it of men" are the "fiends" who have been doing something to p-eront "Tommy" going in fur Cumberland. 'Ihe whole adJre->s.is so full of vile lüngliib, that the nnni'er is it has not raised the ghost of Lindley Mptráy. As Tommy islso bojd in defying " any mun Itvlnff". ti'point toja stain on his'idiuructerj he probably includes the electors of Stbnle'v atnotig those ','dead men" who "tell no tales." It is fiino.'Mr.'1. Holt ceased to make "polf tical capital of his'" spotless oharacler," oV to go begging with th'at, and his precious "children" before every constituency he attempts to impose upon. Wa hope the Cumberland electors will "loturn" him for" Ooventry" with bia little ones on his back. 