To the Editor of the Ovens and, Murray Advertiser. J Sir,—I have this evening been favored i wit h ^ "perusal of the Ovens Constitution I the 6th instant, in which was inserted the-last letter of 'Vindicator's gbogt.' This letter appears to me to have been written by a diSerent ghost from the former, as the last letter displays two attempts in the way of classic learning, and a greater profusion of lengthy words —evidently taken from a dictionary. It is something of the style of Observer's letter in another issue of the Constitution, perhaps they are by the same person". With regard to the second ghost's ' literary fictions,' the myth will have it that none can get a ducking on the road from Oxley to Wangaratta without being under the influence of beenand instances a case in which he alleges my life preserved by the surveyor's men 5 \yhich is as false as ever was penned, though this wonderful spirit may know of many more things than happen to the body. How very modest he pretends to be. ————■■.it inuu.m.>i ■jci'au imw -miiuujn { He dees not particularly wish to be in | the confidence of of Her Majesty's rainI isters. Let him rest assured that no j i one will force greatness upan him when I ! they think on the intended Wangaratta bridge, the cleanly subjects with which he deals, and the respectable charcoal" burners who form his acquaintance. No ' superior' of mine has anything to do with the letters I have written regarding that most palpable job—the Wangaratta bridge—they emanate entirely from myself, and for the statements therein, no one but myself is accountable. My letters were not concocted in a public-house bar, nor have I spread about the country that they will' strut up' all reply ; I still say that my letters are so far unanswerable regarding the point at issue, (the desirability of having the King River bridge erected at the Wangaratta point) that has not yet been answered, for no one in his sense will say that it is desirable to build a bridge at the public expense to lead into a swamp, and to benefit oaly one or two individuals, tho' they may be sound in winds, and free fitom blemish, aa Vindicator's Ghost. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant LOCKHART HUNTER. Oxley, September 9th, 18*58. 