POPPING THE QUESTION. BY AN OLD BACHELOR. About twenty years ago (I was not so bald as I am now), I was spending the Midjummcr with my old friend and school- fellow, Tom Merton. Tom had married in early life, and had a daughter, Mary Rose, who, to her ' father's and 'mother's beauty,' added her uncle Absa lom's good humor, and her aunt Debo' rah's notability. In her you had the realization of all that the poets have sung about Wry forms, dulcet voices, and witching eyes. She was just such a being as you may imagine to yourself in the her ine of some beautiful romance. My heart was susceptible, and I fell in love. No man, I thought, ever loved us I did — a common fancy among lovers — and the intensity of my affection I be lieved would not fail to secure a return. Ono cannot explain the secret, but those who have felt the influence will know how to judge of my feelings. 1 was as completely over head and cars us mortal, could be. I loved with that entire de votion that makes filial piety and brotherly affection sneak to a corner of man's heart, and leave it to the undis puted sovereignty of feminine beauty. Tho blindness, incidental to my pas sion, and the young lady's uniform kind ness, led me to believe that tho possi bility of her becoming my wife was by no means so remote as at first it had ap peared to be ; and having spent several sleepless nights in examining the subject on all hides, I determined to make her an olfor of my hand. For more than a week I could obtain no opportunity of speaking alone with my adored, notwith standing I hud frequently left the dinner t'lble prematurely with that view, and several limes excused myself from excur sions which had bisen planned for my es pecial amusement. At length the favorable moment seemed to be at baud. A charity sermon wus to be preached by the bishop, for the bene fit of a Sunday sch:-o! ; and us Mr. Mer ton was churchwarden, and destined to hold one of the plates, it became imperi tive on his family to be present on the oc casion. I, of course, protVrred my ser vices : and it was arranged that we should set oil' early next morning, to seenregood scats in the centre aisle. I could hardly close my eyes thnt night for thinking how I should ' pop the question ;' and when I did get a .short slumber, was waked on a sudden by some one starting from be hind a hedge just as I was disclosing the soft secret. Sometimes when I had fancied myself sitting by the lovely Marv in a bower of jnsmine and roses, and had just concluded a beautiful rhapsody :ibnnt loves and doves, mvtres and tur tles, I raided my blushing head, and found mys-.-lf tete-a-tete with her papa. At another moment.. she would, slip a beautiful pink, hot pressed billet-iloux into my band, which when I unfolded it* would turn out to be a challenge from so.no favored lover, desiring tho satis faction of meeting me'at half-past six in the morning, and &o; forth, and concluded as usual with -m indirect allusion to u horsewhip. Morning dreams they say always come true. It's a gross falsehood — mine never come true. But I bail : a pleasant vision thit morning; and I fondly believed it would bu verified. Mnthnught I had ventured to ' pop tho question' to my Dulcinea, and was ac cepted, I jumped out of bad ill a tre mor. 'Yes,' I cried,' I will pop the question ; ere this night-cap again en velope this unhappy head the trial shall be made !' And I shaved and brushed the hair over the bald place an my crown; and tied my cravat with unprecedented ' cure; and- made my appearance in the breakfast parlor just as the servant mnid had begun to dust th-: tables and chairs. Breakfast time at length arrived. But I shall pass over the blunder I commit ted during its progress : how I Raited Mary Hose's muffin instead of my own, poured the cre«m into the sugar-basin, and took a bite at the teapot lid. ' Pop the question' haunted me continually, and I feared to speak, even on the most ordinary topic.*, lest I should in some way betray myself. Pop — pop — pop ! everything seemed to go off with n pop ; and when at length Mr. Merton hinti'd to Mary and her mother that it was time for them to pop on their bonnets, I thought he laid considerable stress on the horrible monosyllable 'pop,' and almost expected him to accuse me of some sinister design upon his _ daughter. . It was passed off, however, and we set out for the church. Mnry Rose loaned upon my arm, and complained hnw.dull I was. I,* of course, protested against it; and tried to rally : vivacity, indeed, was one of my characteristics, and I was just be' ginning to make myself extremely agree able, when a little vrchiii. in a thick gloom of a dark entry, let off a pop-gun close to my ear. . The sound, simple, as it may seem, made me start as if a ghost had stood before me; and when Mary observed that I was ' very ? nervous this morning,' I felt as if I could have throt tled the lad ; and inwardly cursed the inventor of pop-guns. ? We had now arrived in the middle aisle, when my f.iir companion whispered me — 'My dear Mr. ? —.won't you take ofl' your hat ?' This was only a prelude to still great blunders. I posted myself at the head of the seat, sang part ~of th'e hundredth psalm while the organist was playing the symphony, sat down when I should have stood up, knelt when I ought to have been standing, and juat at the eii'l of the Creed found myself pointed due west, the gaze und wonder of the whole congregation. ''The sermon nt length commenced ; and tbo quietness that er.sued, broken only, by perambulations of the beadle and sub-schoolmaster,, and the collision ever nndjanon' of their official wands with tbevheads-of refractory students, guilty 'of ,tlie. enormous crime ofgaping or twirling their thumbs, gave me no opportunity of collecting my scattpred thoughts. Just as the rcsUif the congregation were goin;, t-) sleep, I began to awake from my mental lethargy, and by the ' time iho woithy parson had discussed three or four heads of his text, felt myself competent ?to make a speech in parliament. Just at this moment, too, a thought struck me as beautiful us it was sudden — a plan by which I might make the desirable tender of my person, and display an abundant share of wit into the bargain. To this end I seized Mary Rose's prayer-book, and turning over the pages till I came to matrimony, marked the passage, ' Wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband?' with two empha tic dashes ; and confidently pointing significantly to myself, handed it to her with a bow. She took it ! — She read it 1 — She smiled ! Was it a smile of assent ? O 1 how my heart beat in my bosom at that instunt — so loud, thnt I feared the people around us might hear its palpitations ; and looked at them to see if they noticed me. She turned over n few leaves—she took my pencil which Iliad purposely enclosed in the book — and sha marked a passage. O ye gods and demi-gods, what were my sensations at that , moment. ' I grasped the book — and I.squeozcd.the hand that presented it; and opening the page tremblingly, and holding the volume close to' my eyes (fur the type was small, und my sight not quite so good us it used to bo),- 1 read — O Miiry Uose ! O Mary Rose ! thnt I should live to relate it? — 'A w'orauti may not marry her gran'dfather.' 