"WANTS TO BE KNOWN." TO THE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE. SIR-Even as Eneas, when getting hard up, sought his respected progenitor through Tartarean shades, in the hope of induoing the old gentleman to return .to earth and support his intelligent son es a dutiful father ought, so do I turn to you, surrounded as you may be by your own peculiar little devils, for assistance in there, my little difficulties. In the most interesting point of vinw (that of hard.up-ishness) tho comps rificfj, sir,is true, too true. I have tried most things. Yon nave adver- tised for me, in tho some naper, the wants of a distressed agriculturist, a universal linguist, a finished dancing master, and an accomplished bullock driver. But it would not do ; notbiug would turn up,and so obstinately turned up nothing that it became my heritage, and ac- companied by sundry suspicions that suggested tho possibility of my being veritably good for nothing, I finally bad to " slope." Well, Mr. Editor, " A change enme o'er the spirit of ray dream. In tho midst of goldon fields I made myself a home." How ardently 1 worshipped the groat invlsiblo-r-how constantly and sincerely I wooed the unaortain jade-and how vainly, I will not say. I only know I never courted so ener- getically in my life before. Ahl Fortune; you little think what an impassioned lover you avoided-what a feeling heart you despised. In faot, after two years knocking nt tho door I found it would not open, and ooncluded to try in another street. Whilst coisidoring which, my " attention was drawn," as we in a certain position say, to certain passages in the EMPIRE. . Hah 1 I fit for nothing I No peg for my hat I Every dog has his day. Of courso there was luck in storo for mo. My mother told me so often, especially when leaving her, as she slid ber hand into her pocket, and drew forth her handkerchief. Yes, sir, every dog has his day; and there is no our so small, so mean, so really miserable, for whom a hole will not bo lound. It was in truth o glorious ohaneel (What was? says he-never mind, Mr.--, don't be so ready to cavil) a glorious chanoe. The house turned oat of doors, emptied and got to be filled again I I beenmo excited, seized my hat and started. True, it was after sunset, nearly dark, but then no light was wanted togo there. ' On I rushed and here lara. No one knows it yot, I tell you first. Yes, sir, bere-I am-have been here, in fact, this half-hour, and they really don't scorn to know it; don't seem to feel that ' fara in the midst of them. Well, you should toll them, , i Mr. Editor. Let it go abroad throughout tho empire ¡ that J am hero, disengaged, and free, and sucha mani ] Tho identio.il thing I Fit like a round peg in a round hole. The right man in the right place ! Sttoh qualifi- cations I Sir, lend me your ear, I'll tell them to you , first. No business or territorial possessions whioh can Interféra with my devoting ray wholo time and intellect to the servioo of my oountry. No, slr, none-nono nt all -not to the amount of on» shilling. Slr, I glvo you my word of honour as a gentleman that I have not one \ shilling. So far from it, if it were necessary, I dnre say , I eoHla--hut no matter,'I have no occasion to ' be par- | tloular. Then consider tho tiraos in which I have lived 1 , Times abounding with the most remarkable soberaos and ' ohanges, undertakings nnd accomplishments. Think | you that thero bas beon a ohango of Government or law, ; a war or treaty, a ministerial h ¡toll or irregularity j in the people's pulse that I have not soon- , notiaod, and understood, traced its every influence E throughout its mast delicate ramifications, and in every j point of view weighed its merits and otlloooy. F Looking on every question with, of course, the eye of an enlightened liberal, my strongest efforts would be , direot towards universal suffrage, voto by ballot, nnd , universal representation. The land question, ns eon- : atituting tho ultimate vitality of the colony, would reoeivo roy deapost consideration, my most earnest a attention. In fino, should I mill romain unappreciated t by. thoso so desirous of "infusing now blood amongst ' our legislators," permit ma to HUggcst that from the \ sh Hoking ghost-bird of Ulladulla, they could probably < express tho greatest sanguinary novelty of the day. t Any bow. Slr, believe me to he, no moro than another. i Yours truly, OUT OP PLACE. 