OROMWELL. Englandl count the monarchs over Whom thou mnayst delight to sing; Grateful grect each crowned lover, Triumph in each glorious king I On thine Alfred without measure Lavish thy melodious breath t Take no trembling, stinted pleasure In thy pert Elizabeth I Yet another strain thou owest To the glory of thy throne Yet another King thou knowest Is not Oliver thine own ? Lo I a lover strong and tender Wielded well his England's sword t On her seat of sovereign splendour Knelt a o6eker of the Lord. How the little isle dilated To the measure of his might; How upon his England walled Reverent fear and glory bright II Yet for more than England's honour Gleamed her sword and towered hershield Of the cause she heore the banner, For the truth she bore the field. Heavenward looked her valiant seamen, Solemn marched her saintly host : Christ's own crowned, annointed freemen, Warriors of the Holy Ghost I Glowed this northern isle all golden, Like that holy Orient clime: Not more bright those ages olden Than these latter days subime I From the splendour sudden streaming Dazzled Antichrist drew back : 'Neath her sword divinely gloaming Smitten Spain grew faint and slaek. Princedoms, thronos, and dominations, Bowed before the Imperial Isle; Stricken souls and mourning nations Itlessed the Lord Proteetor's smile. Wide the impression of her glory O'er her fainting foes he smote, And the sweetness of her story In far-shining letters wrote. Mark tliose noble tears that streamed, When the Alpine shepherds died I How bisnvolce like thunder seemid, When his stricken brethren cried I Soon those eyes were nobly tearless; -Like a host we)t forth his word : In their vales, at peace and fearless Dwelt the people of the Lord. Thankless England I wast thou sorry For the height he made thee climb Wouldst thou east away the glory Of those solemn days sublime ? From thy mighty hearted lover, Ingrate, wouldst thou vainly turn ? All his troglhles wouldst thou cover, All his mighty deeds unlearn ? Will thy marble halls refuse him ? Doth thy statute-book reject ? From thy heart thou canst not lose him There his throne still stands erect. When thy shrunken plight thou mournest, When thy glory burneth dim, For thine Oliver thou yearoest, Then thy heart returnes to him. In thy startled cear ,hereringetlh Trumpet-voiced his awfi ul me; Back his mighty memory bringeth To thy soul the undying flame. With his solomtibVoles thou speakest, With his strength thine arm doth stir Yes, where,or thou seekest, Leadeth still thine Oliver i' 