WOMAN AND II BR WORK. LncruitE iiy the itnv. mi. ciiai'in. (From tha Nao York Tribune, April 20) Dr. Chapin lectured to a large nudienco on Thursday night, at Mezirt II ill, on tha above subject. Nearly all the Aldermen, Common Council, and Ten Gover nors, wiLh Mr. Postmaster Fowler, were present. He said that the originality of any thought is secondary to its truth. If it is old, it should bo welcomed on account of respect due to nge. His subject led him to consider whether woman is potentially what she ought to bo. Tho relation between man and woman is the most beautiful expression of the groat law of nature. Wo man i-i simply the cqu.il of man, nothing more, nothing less. We have no right to determine what is woman's sphere by any arbitrary prejudic s. I cannot rocogni,e any such fact as mtn's lights, or woman's rights ; 1 ouly recognise A uinan lights. Woman's orbit ii the orbit of her humanity, anJ hence she ought to be man's equal— oqual before tho world, beforo the law, a- sho is beforo God. And lot no one bo disturbed by visions of strong minded women, with spec tacles, lecturing on Kansas. The question is what is truth, and not what arc tho imaginable cunscqueuces. Mm may run against God's will, but caunot alter it. T nr,™ tli it woman should actuallv be something m n than she has been litld to be. She lins been placed above the scale and cist below it ; she has been man's slave and his empress. In one place you may see h- r the poor clrudgo of ihe wash tub or the needle, working to support a drunken husband ; in another plnco we see her in some parlor, listening to tho confectionory of small talk furnished by some dandy. Society around J us is but little more than a modification of these two pictures. What w a want is soaie way of deliver and I f .-r women from being a mere slave, nnd something more substantial than thoso accjinjilisliments which make her a mero gewgaw. The legal argumont has already been presented, so I shall pass on to tho subject of womin's education. Woman ought to be rendered less dependent upon mau. Our present state of society too often so traius her as to mike marriago nn absolute necessity. I am glad if there is somo advance in this respect. I am glad if women and clcrgymon are re garded as something else than respectable paupers. Women can become what she should be, and do what she should do, only by a genuine education. I cannot see why thero should be a very sharp discrimination between the education of boys and girls. If a certain kind of learning will develop the intellect of '00yj why not of tha girl ? Yo^ jnav ''Jy woman cannot ba a Newton or a -?hake«p5ai.0i Well, if she'can'tslie won't; anu tn -vuere s the harm ? (Laughter ) Why should a wotuan with a liberal education be less fit for tho duii es of a wife or rnothor? If in tho cultivated mind t)ljra is a reserved fbroo for emergencies why should woman be debarred from that blessed skill that unlocks tho treasuries of truth, and opeus communion with the distant and the dead ? In many cases woman is brought up, not to a self-reliance, but simply to make a settlement for life. Wo all have a horror of female gamblers, but how many women aro really gamblers for a lucky match ? Do we wonder there is often the gambler's lo3s as well as his hazard ? In the world's Version, it is not charity, but money that covors a mul titude of sins. Tho rich profligate receives the hand of virtue anil beauty. But there would not bo so many serpents in the parterres of fashion if there wero not Eves in the garden to liston. In rude society woman was bought and sold as a slave, and some of our manners are not much better. Christianity teaches us that woman has a soul, but many men act as though they hai not accepted, and many women as though they had none to give, Women have a right 'to a proper culture, not as womin's rishts, but as human rights; as man's equal and CQnipanion , she roquires a training which will develop every human faculty. The true way to find the sphere of anything is to educate it to its high est capacity. A genuine culture will produce nothing tint will overrun its divinely appointed limits. Wo man's work will follow spontaneously from woman's nature, and willaocord with the qualities of her being. It will not therefore be strong physical work, but where clean, delicate work is needed, where emotion mingles with thought, it will bo her work in the future, aud still more us tho future opens into civilisation. Woman's truest work is oi homo and its sanctities. Let U3 not fear theso offices will bo abandoned ; there will still be the heart of tho wife and mother ; there aro many woman for whom this sphere of home is enough. But if woman is enslaved and degraded at home, where shall sho have honor ? In this sphere I claim for her a large and liberal culture. Ii it of no consequence who is to discharge these offices, who is to teach and train the life, the hsart of the future man. Among women there are two classes, whom the homo duties do not absorb, and they claim something to di. Thoy co.npris-j thoso who are not forced to work for a living and those who are. In behalf of those, 1 say a l.fge field is needed fur womm's work. Consider what ought to be done for that class of women who must work or perish. What are thoy to do? That is tho ouestio 1 might specify many forms of labor, such as tome part3 of watchmaking, of telegraph ing, of the work of newspaper ofliees, and countless others, all of which are adapted to wo .nan's nature and her cipaci'y. The claim of this class of women is \- simply the claim of their humanity. They inu3t have this work or perish— perish iu ono of two ways — physi- cally, either from lack of work or scantiness of it Think of the poor widow who makes shirts at five cents a piece — and £ surpass tha mm who pays it covers the New Testament with that five cent piece. She can, perhaps, make ono a day. Is not that reducing huma nity nearly to starvation ? Think of thoso noble women who virtually say, ' Let Death have ui, so he takes to GoJ. our womanly purity untainted.' Jhauk God for the women who die honorably and only peri.h physicall}! [ think what saints thoy make in lleaven, with their sweet faces from which all the trouble is glorified away. What did those men whom the world call heroes, m-re than three noble women, who, clinging to their con science died ut thoir post ? (Applause.) This ought n»t to be so. Then should she work for nil, and loast of all should work be denied her because she is a woman ; and yet this is really tho fact. We reverse the divine law which tells ui not to oppres3 the weaker, and turn and oppress them Bimply because they aro weak. To some men, tho shirts they havo made, might be the shirt of Ne:sus. I wish these ould scrougera who pay five cents for making shirts, might bo haunted with women's ghosts, who should bear tho inscription, ' More work and better pay.' But there is another class who perish morally. Wo must not shrink from all the facts, and it is a fact that want of work has a great deal to !o with driving to shame tho 20,00 1 wouen in our city who walk our streets, whoso suiilc is only seen by the gas-iight. But the shame is not all with them. 'Shame upon him who oilers the price of dishonor; shame upon those honor able women who smile upon the victorious debauchee : shame upon ourselves if we nourish any prejudice which depreciates the value of woman. Let all these shamos blend with tho shamo of the poor lost girl, and lighten a little the course that bears too exclusively upon her. Here aro theso two classes who must have work or else honorably or dishonorably, parish. But there is another class of women, who aro not compelled to work, conc;rning whom one of the no blest women of our day (Mr3 Jameson) asks if a more enlargod social sphere caunot be allowed woman ? I can merely say that this field is indicated in the philan thropic institutions ol our age. It is exemplified in women like Eliz.ibith Fry and Florence Nightingale. (Applause.) One of those poor soldiers of the Crimoa said, that her shadow seemed to do him good as it passed over his bed. What a compliment to her was that ofanother poor sick man, who said to her, 'I believe you are not a woman but an angel.' How much bet ter is that than tho hon.agc of the drawing room, or triumph of a flirtation. (Applause.) Ilow many a woman might ba an angel to the poor holloiv eyes that followed her from a sick bed. Lotus remember that this is not an attempt to draw woman from her sphere. But let us consider how many claims there are out of this sphere. Let us not fear any ridicule which may be cast upon us. Ridicile is the feeblest weapon that can be used ; it proves the lack of hoavier artillery ; it fires scattering shot, and does not hit the mark. (Applause.) It is rather a fearful pic ture to be sura, of a masculine woman, schooling in Wall streot, or shoutiug in Tammany tinll. But when called to step forward to the line, who shows more manliness, more courago, than woman ? Look at tho maid of Saragossa, look ut Grace Darling, and at tl^at noble woman who but a year ago brought home the ship of her poor disabled husband; «he may have been out of her sphere, but sho circumnavi gated the globe. ( \pplause.) 1 am inclined to relieve that a w )m.an starving in the street1;, is fully as incon gruous as a woman in tho Souato or tho Forum. Tho true idea of civilisation will never be unfolded till woman has boon placed upon an equality with man. In the cabin of the Mayflower, in tho war of the Revo lution, when the wives loaded tho muskets, there were such men, bccauso there wore such women. The grandest transactions of history are unfolded, when she t, triads nearest to man as an oqual ; aud when Chris tianity shall have reachad its highest point, her lie- art will bo near his hand. Let woman stand upua the ground of her human nature, thou thero will be mutual honor and mutuul help ; thon there will bo no discor dant mu'io in the march from the paradise whicli they left together — to that paradiso which they Inpo to attain. (Great applause.) 