'The man 'with a grievance' may deserve a certain amount of consideration, but he does not deserve to move our pity like the man without a grievance. Tho unhappy mortal whose bread is buttered at both sides, who never experiences the excitement of a tooth ache or a corn, whose wife does not object to a latch-koy, and whose tailor is unboundedly con fiding, is in a truly dolorous plight. What docs he care for all the sweets of Sharou when he treads on them at every step? How can ho relish velvet-pile who does not feel now and then tho siiarp gravel of the naked road 1 No ! Sir. You require to be sometimes baited by a dun, or occasionally run over by a bullock-dray, or to be vilified by your best friend, or to listen to J»xr joun l uujiab omitji 011 corpora tion sorrov.ra, or our friend of tlio trombone 011 ' the point of honor ' ; or to be Triton of the Yan Yean, or a ' new chum,' or a physi cian impatient and patientless; or to behold Laviota, at whoso eyebrow you have been directing hexameters, beam more divinely on fat Waggs, who is short and wheezy, -whose noso is not Roman like yours, and whoso vespors are in prices-current not poetry ? yes, you require to be occasionally baited or ' stuck up,' to bo ' crossed iu love,' or have tho asthma, or to havo your most tender toe ofton trod on, to get anything liko a ko m zest for existence. The sagacious ancients were so woll aware of this fact that they believed an individual to bo under tho particular curse of tho gods when he had nothing to complain of 1 And as with individuals, so with nations. What in thi: world are we to do in Victoria for something to trouble us when reforms have [ made ' root and branch work' with all our political and social .hindrances:: to prosperity 1 What is to become of us when parliament means real representation, when every man sits under his own fig or gumtree, when playful Euclid's conundrums and tho light reading in Goff and Cocker will cease to be regarded as pitfalls 011 tho road to heaven ; when this promising cub of the British lion will have cut his teeth and when nobody will vonturo to attack him ; when tho lawyer will givo his client oyster and not shell; when properly constructed houses, made to suit our climate, will be thatched with appetising pancakes, and pigs now rare and hard to come at, will run about well-dressed and solicitous to bo eaten 1 In a word, what are we to do with ourselves when we have made ' all square ' here — when we are well-fed, well-clothed, well- housed, well defended, and well-governed ? What are wo to do when we have left ourselves without even the rag or ghost of a grievance 1 It is an appalling question ! And it is a question which requires to be looked to in good time before we have run through all our troubles, like a madcap heir through his father's guineas. Are we not getting through them too fast, liko tho be nighted prodigal in the parable ? Intimidation and corruption at elections, homeopathic suf frage, the property qualification — all gone j oligarchical electoral basis going 3 land mo-' nopoly and sham education assailed, national unprotectedness beginning to be looked to ! Reform on top of reform — Pelion on top of Ossa ! Do wo never mean to stop until we are well-to-do. and secure, fat, pursy, and plethoric 1 Now wo recognise the wisdom of far-seeing obstructionists with drag-chains, and prophetic conscript fathers blocking up tho legislative Thermopylfo. Now we recognise the prescient patriot ism of a Bozzy and a Fawknee. Will we not heed the monitor ? Aro we weary of the variety of Issacher's unstable fortunes, and of the picturesqueness of Ishmael's peri patetic courses i Are we still straining after Australia Felix and Araby the Blest, Canaan and El Dorado 1 Still bent on being free and enlightened, agricultural, apopletic aud anti Malthusian 1 If so, then we must only tako the consequences. And foremost among those consequences will be tho loss of our grievances I A man may lose his liberty or lose his leg, or lose tho money he lent you, but what ia any one of those losses in comparison with the I033 of his grievance 1 Does everybody fully realise the unappeaseablo bereavement — tho dread, horrid vacuity of having nothing to growl at 1 ' Nothing to wear' is a bagatelle in compari son — nothing to growl at is a bottomless pit of inconceivable misery to which the Briton, — and ho has suffered much one way or other, — | has never yet descended. Well, to that appalling consummation wo aro fast driving, by all appearances, in this present year of grace ! ' Sappy '' said tho philosopher ' aro the people who have 110 annals ' — that is, happy are the people who havo neither wars nor rumors of wars, no intestine strife, 110 struggles of tho weak against the strong, no famines, pestilences, conspiracies, 'That man's notion of happiness — whoever he was — was not the transcendental notion. Ho had no relish for a row, no conception of the hearty joy ousnes3 of pitching into his neighbor, no scintillation of tho ecstasy of fishing in troubled waters ! Ho would nevor have be labored his fellow Christian for ' the love of I God.' or besouffht vou out of nitv for liis tranquility to jump on the skirt of his coat. Ho would nevor, like Saint George, Amadis de Gaul, Theseus, or Francis the First, have gone about tho world dragon-killing or relieving damsels distressed by giants. He could not take to tho pleasures of Rob Roy, Lucius O'Triggee, Fjslixmarte of Hyr cauia, or General Walker. Plainly, if wo are to make everything smooth here, we must mako up our minds to lose a great deal of excite ment thereby. Politics are most interesting ! where people are particularly unfortunate. It was when tho tyrant'3 hoel was on his country's neck, that Tell had a target for his arrow, and that Kornee had something stir ring to sing about. Tho sabre look3 livelier in a picture than the ploughshare, and philip pics against rampant wrong are moro interest ing than deliberations on importing superior rams or adjusting a cess for repairing bridges. England's Parliament has less dramatic effect now than when Charles the First sent its stubborn leaders to tho Tower j America's Congress interests less to-day than when Washington demanded fresh powers at its hands in his hour of need ; and as Victoria ad vances in prosperity, hor politics, by the natural law in such cases, will become more level and tranquil. ' Bones of contention' will then have been so clean picked as to be no longer capable of affording a morsel for wrangle ; and with no more room for agitation or for ob structiveness, tho fiery spirits among us will have no other escape from the misery of peace and prosperity, than in the relaxation of fili bustering already in favor among our too comfortable transatlantic cousins. There are mortals among us, however, who would still risk the I033 of excitement for a stake in the country, a secure roof-tree and a well-filled purse. Lst them then console them selves for the present, parenthetical ' piping times ' of dullness, by the reflection which they will appreciate, that when public affairs are least exciting, they aro getting along somewhat as we want them to, do. It .is tho stream without impediment which makes no noise. No mail yet, though wo were told of a new steamer which was to have done her duty without fail. Why should we expect that our present postal servico should try to amend at tho eleventli hour? Our present mail con tractors find it cheaper, it seem3, to disburse tho fifteen hundred or two thousand pounds penalty levied on each breach of contract, than to lay on steamors powerful enough for the required ton knots an hour! Tho amount of fines thus levied amounted in the first half of last year to nearly a third of tho subsidy, but tho European and Australian Steam Company are still incorrigible. We havo protested hero against a continuance of a sham mail ssrvice ; they have protested in Sydney, and South Australia has just followed tho example. In Adelaido they are entertaining tho idea, broached iu the Mauritius of subsidising a lino which shall touch at that island, and bring European advices to Adelaido without coming further. A mail by Mauritius would hardly answer us in Melbourno or Sydney. That island indeed lies vory little further off the straight lino from Suez than does Point de Galle, but would be very much out of the course from the latter port, and to touch there is necessary for news from India. Mauritius cannot suit us therefore, and we cannot enter into tho proposal of its inhabitants which if —oa— — amm *aj^cic— — — — m | practicable would lighten by their conjunction ! tho ..expenses of the subsidy. Wa must, . consequently, confino our attention for tho present to the old track, and only - en- ? deavor to got tho work better performed on it. The Royal Mail Company now serving the West Indian and South American post, and wo understand with punctuality, has offered to amalgamate 'with our present un satisfactory contiactors, on condition of our giving their combined operation a two years eagagement. They engage to lay on large steamers which will discharge the contract sa tisfactory ; but thoy insist on tho two years engagement, because of the preliminary; en largement of capital and needful outlay. Tho home government are considering the proposal and it will be necessary hero to givo it duo reflection without delay. They engage to lay on six large steamers between Suez and Aus tralia, which will admit of two in reserve in case of accident. Engagements of thi3 nature havo been so often broken, however, that we must exercise caution before committing our selves to a contract of any duration. We should be first satisfied of tho actual tonnage and steam power of tho vessels, for it is on these points that capability of effecting the necessary speed altogether depends. At least two of tho first class vessels employed on tho Indian and New York services, can perform ofton thir- ' 'teen or fourteen knots an hour, and all of them the ten required for tho passage here. Our mail is to tho full as important as that 011 any other line, and must not be treated as it ha3 heretofore been as if a minor affair. To make sure that we obtain vessels of tho ne cessary sbte and power is really the point at issue, and if satisfied in this respect, such an engagement cannot interfere, at least, that wo can seo at present with expectations from ?any other quarter. Even if tho trip out of tho Leviathan prove a success, she can hardly havo companions of her own calibre beforo tho termination of tho engagement now proposed, and she cannot by herself with all her promi sed speed convoy a monthly post. We leave tho matter in the hands of the public, how ever. It is a subject to consider at once, but to decide on with full and due information and caution. The disgraceful manner in which our mail engagements have been hi therto fulfilled by the contractors may well make us distrustful of any fresh ones, without clcarly seeing our way. 