KEVIEW. (From the Perthshire Courier.) WHAT CHRISTIANITY TEACHES RESPECTING THE BODY.» In directing the attention of our readers to the sermon preached before her Majesty, in October last, by Dr. Robert Lee, they need be under no apprehension that vre are about to trench upon the " legitimate, peculiar" province of the pulpit Indeed, as the lawyers say, we should travel very much beyond " the record" if we did. For we see little peculiar to the pulpit in the whole production, if " the sober uso of its legitimate, peculiar powers" be, to feed those who are " hungry for the bread of lifo." In truth, our principal objection to the sermon is, that, in the ordinary acceptation of the term, it is not a sermon at all. Of course, whatever bears Dr. Lee's name will be cha- racterised by his great talent. The little treatise before us is undoubtedly so. But the great characteristics of a sermon, we apprehend, are " the grand concerns of judgment and of mercy"-Bin and salvation ; and tho great commission of "God's ambassador," in the Saviour's name, to preach " repentance and remission." But these are not the characteristics of the reverend doctor's prelection. A single reference to such themes we do not find in the sermon from one end to the other. It is ex- clusively a dissertation upon the body, and what in this life is due to it. So that in fol- lowing the Doctor for a short space, we should bo straying from our path altogether were we to land within the confines usually assigned to the pulpit. It is difficult to conjecture what could have induced the reverend gentleman to select such \ a topic for discussion upon such an occasion. Wo do not wish to be understood as denounc- < ing the sermon, as, under all circumstances, ' wholly unsuitable for the pulpit and the Sub- , bath. Fur from it. Although we cannot but : regard it as far more appropriate for tho plat- i form or tho lecture-room, and a week-day, still 1 wo can conçoive special circumstances under j which its dolivery "might be " very well j justified on the Sunday. For instance, < pronched in tho Grassmarket, at tho request of 1 a sanitary commission, wo readily admit that a \ good deal might be said for it. Undoubtedly, i " to hate, or to act as if wo hated, our bodios, is a daring violation of God'3 command," and < to reprove the impiety is unquestionably an 1 imperativo Christian duty. But how Dr. Loo | should imagine her Maj est}', or tho Christian 1 people of Crathie, specially to stand in need of 1 such admonitions, we cannot understand. i But to let tho sermon in some measure speak I for Itsolfj tho rovorend doctor opons hÍ3 prolec- | tion by a short discussion on " tho constitution ¡ of human nature "-" the connexion of two ( elements so unlike ns the intelligent,' conscious . mind, and the gross, fleshly habitation," con- 1 trovorting tho doctrine of tho Plutonic ts of old, < and tho Monastics in later times, that " the | body is only a filthy garment with which tho 1 BOUI in its wanderings through etornity < ha* become accidentally invested for a short while, which never can be purified, never rendered a congenial or suitable covering for tho spirit that is wrapped in it, but which that spirit should only loathe, separate itself from, and escape out of as quickly as it can." He says Wa ara taught hy those who have roost deeply studied the subject, that the body is a constituent part of human nature itself; Bi that tho soul without the body is no more entitled to be regarded as man, than ia the body without tho soul;-that between those two exists a communion BO intimate, however inexplicable, that all onr feelings, emotions, thoughts, reasonings, memories, imaginations, and, in short, all mental acta or states whatever, take place, through the intervention and instrumentality of tho nervous system-the great' centre of whioh is the brain : and that we bave no proof that, in our present state, any mental aot whatever can be per- formed except through that instrumentality. Thus, mental derangement, imbeoility, loss or failure of memory, and all similar phonomena, in their melanoboly variety, are so many indications and effects of an impaired or a diseased condition of tho noivous system. Tbat the young apprehend and learn more quickly than the old, results from tbo different conditions of tho brain in the two periodB ; and a thousand familiar appearano s are explained in the same manner. Insanity is now re- garded by physician", that ÍB, by men who are acquainted with the subj»ct, as a bodily disease, as much as fever,. rheumatism, or oonButnption, and it ia treated ao oordingly. And then, continues the Doctor : From the researches of men who study faots hy the' light of reason, let us turn to tho testimony of those who spake as they were moved by tho Holy Ghost, and we shall find " the sure word of propheoy " confirming, most emphatically, what tho former have declared. The Holy Scriptures, then, inform us that man's body, no less than his soul, is tho work of God, and that Ile made both of them " very good ; " thit both aro alika fallon and polluted hy sin, both alilto redeemed by the blood of Christ, both alika subjects of sanctification by the Holy Spirit ; and that the body is oo-hoir with the soul, of that immortal lifo which is God's promiso to us in His Son. No contrast cm be moro striking than between the language of contempt and oven of hatred in whioh the heathen sages spoalc of the body, and the reverential and honourable terms used by tba sacred writers on the some subjeot. Having thus established the honourable and essential position of the body in the human economy-" Having thus seen that our bodies are really part of ourselves, according to the teaching, as well of Scripture as of science, let us now attend for a little to the duty which wo owe to them. This duty arises from what the body is in itself and what it is in relation to the soul." Bodily health and vigour, and length of days aro blessings, the preacher argues, with the attainment of which our Own conduct has much to do ; " that they, like other blessings, are to be sought from God, not only by prayer, but by the diligent use of certain means. It is, no doubt, true, that our Creator orders all things accord- ing to the command of His own will ; but it is no less true, on the other hand, that He who is all-wise and merciful, appoints very few of those things which concern our happiness, without some reference to our own actions ; thus leaving us room to increase our welfare, or impair it." No one, he continnes, is so unthinking as to deny that we can do something to promote the health and prolong the life of the body. Dut we shonld understand both that we may do a great deal, and that to do what we can, both for our own welfare and that of others, in this regtrd, is a matter of strictly religions obligation-being part of tbat duty whioh we owe to God, to our neighbour, and to ourselves. The power of man to dostroy himself is exemplified every day ; but for one that is guilty of this wiokednejs directly, thousands perish by intemperance, bad or in- sufficient fiiod, wjnt of ventilation, noxious gases, exces- sive mental excitement, idleness, over-working, and the like. These paths, indeed, are ofion so circuitous, that people will hardly be persuaded that their " end is destruction." But that they lead down to the chambers of death as oertaioly aa the abor est road, who does not know that ever took pains to trace them ? Who does not know, in hi« own experience, that ever walked in them ? It is reckoned that a hundred thousand persons dio annually in England of preventable diseases. .... We shudder to look upon tho sanguinary track of war, os well wa may: but the numbers that are slain in war nre a mere fraction, compared with the countless throng of human beings tbat vice and ignorance are constantly tumbling into their graves. Can we think of this with- out horror and pity? Our religion, the religion of mercy and oharity, should prompt us to study the dread- ful spectacle-sin reigning unto death. Again the preacher says It is confidently maintained, by the most competent authorities, that a very large proportion of all the sutur- ing that is now in the world is the result not of any invincible necessity-in other words, does not arise out of the constitution of our nature itself relatively to that world in whioh wo are placed, bnt from our ignoranoe of that constitution, or eur disregard of those significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us. In opposition to the idea that this stato of things is irreparable-an esscntiul element in the constitution of society, the revorend gentle- man argues that Suffering, under an all-wise Provldenoe, has uses, miny and evident. It is intonded to awaken us to the peroeption that something is wrong, that our conduct, in somo respeots, is a violation of God's laws in the mutter out of which the Buffering springs. Pain is God's grand ordinanoe of instruction, inflicted until we are either destroyed or awakened to perceive and correct what is amiss. To question this is to pretend that we aro living under the despotism of a blind Fate, not u ider the fatherly government of an all-wioo, just, and benevolent God. Under such a rule, all Buffering must be corroo tive, at least in a state of probation such as this is ; for the very notion of cruelty h pain inflicted for no pur- ! pose, or no good purpose. i The reverend doctor then goes on to press 1 these conclusions, til at what we can do for tho 1 temporal salvation of the body, God requires , us to perform alike in respect to our duties to I God, to our neighbours, and to ourselves. Lot us not, then, invent crosses, that we ra ty oarry < thora ; or bo weighed down with any that wo may law. Í fully put aside. Suffering is the most evil thing in the < world-Bin only exoeptod, and therefore tolerable only ' so far as it is the raedioine and euro of that root of all ' evil. This world is indeed a valley of the shadow of 1 death, where weeping and gronns re-echo from evory ' side. But dirobedience and ignorance hava mada it ' what it is. As these diminish, Borrow and sighing, in the j same proportion, will flee away ; and even tho King of I Terrors, whose dire tributo we onnnot evade in thit I world, will exaot his due ot a latter day. Still-debarred ' from tba garden, in the midst of whioh grows the tree of life, we are encouraged to subdue thorns and briers of i the wilderness, to turn the desert into a fruitful field, 1 ind in tho sweat of our faceto eat bread ;' no fighting I mr way book to tho lost Paradise-not without good 1 íopo that the (liming sword shall at length have abated A ¡ts oonsuraing fire, and that the guardian epfrlt«, who Irove us forth, not without pity, shall hnvo received 0 ¡ommission to welcomo bade tho repentant oxilos; that y hoy mny eat again of tho tree of life-may hour tho I ÍOÍCO of God without terror-may soe His face, i n I d lot die. n Such is tho scopo and spirit of the Dr.'s liscoursc. And viewed as a contribution lo ¡J. .ho causo of sanitary improvement and physical " jrogross, it were unjust to depreciate its merit, -j ind idle to deny its value. Wo do not by nny ricans regard tho views and arguments of thu 81 .overend doctor as altogether beyond disputo, ^ jut, at the same time, wo beliovo it should faro ol jroâtly botter with us all wore we governed by * inch considerations to a very much larger ex- ., ent than wo aro. If, on tho ono hand, Dr. LOP, [¡ -as, indeed, most writers on this subject,- ol nay be justly charged with pushing their prin- rt tiples and doctrines too far; it is perfectly ila'tn on tho other, that a largo proportion of 1 ho people do not act upon them nearly far ,» mough. It should greatly promote tho cause m if physical and social progress, however, were t freed of much of those metaphysical and "J pcculative considerations with which, liy its u< dvocates, it has boon most needlessly enctim- A bend. If " intemperance, bad or insufficient food, «ant of ventilation, noxious gases, exces- sive mental'excitement, idleness, over-working and the Uko," cannot be checked and modified by more obvious and patent motives and considerations than a practical nnd accurate knowledge " of these significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us ;" then we must say wo despair very much of their being materially checked and modified at all. Our social reformers deal too much in abstract doc- trines. There is nothing plainer, we imagino, than that tho Almighty governs the physical, as he does the moral world, by fixed laws, and that much of the suffering which prevails. is the effect of .plain violations of these laws ; but, then, as Dr. Lee is obliged so fdr to admit, it is only " significant indications which have been graciously conveyed to us," and while one law may be manifest enough, a hundred others may be tho subject of nothing else than the sheerest speculation and conjecture. For in- stance, we hear social specifics for epidemics enunciated with the utmost dogmatism, as being the absolute utterances of' some "law of nature," while the smallest range of observa- tion belies the whole idea, and demonstrates . that the premature conclusion of man has been mistaken for the immutable will of God. Dr. Lee tells us " that a hundred thou- sand persons die annually in England of pre- ventable diseases,"-"that a very largo propor- tion of all the suffering that is now in the world, is tho result not of any invincible necessity-in other words, does not arise out of the constitution of. our nature itself relatively to that world in which we are placed,'but from our ignorance of that constitution, br our dis- regard for these significant indications which are graciously conveyed to us." Now, how tho reverend gentleman distinguishes the diseases, which aro preventable from those that are not those that aro the result not of invincible neces- sity, from those that are- those that are tho result of disobedience of " the laws of health") from those which are not-we cannot tell, br ' why such bounds should be set to Nature's ? laws, why somo diseases only should be pre- ventable and others not-why obedience to the laws of nature should not do in all what, it is plainly hero implied, it will do in some. But, if we understand the reverend gen- tleman aright, when he says " that a very large proportion of all the suffering that is now in the world does not arise out of the constitution of our nature itself relatively to. that world in which wc are placed, but from an ignorance of that constitution, or our disre- gard of the significant indications which aro graciously conveyed to us,"-if we understand the reverend gentleman aright when he says this, we are forced to conclude that but for our ignorance and disregard we should not have that suffering- that, by regard to our constitu- tion, and obedience to the laws of health, we should go on.without suffering br disease! and we suppose of necessity live for ever. This, we fear, is the plain tendency^ tho " laws" of nature" doctrine ; we only need to know them" and obey them, and then we have gained the victory over our last enemy. But this is only the effect of drying the doctrine too for. There are plenty obvious enough causes and effects, attention to which would remove a world of evil, without landing the question into a maze of abstract discussion, and reducing our existence to a mere matter of ' physical law. 