THE BISHOP OF OXFORD ON PREACHING. The following is an extract from the Bishop of Ox | ford's Charge : — ' Suffer me to ask — and I ask it of myself just as much as of you — are our sermons what they ought to be, and what labor and prayer might make them ? Is there not iu general the taste of essays or disquisitions about them, and is not; heir merit soundness, modera tion, perhaps exactness? And is not their fault that of (lulncss? And is not what we want to reach our people, a style of composition the exact opposito of this, one which is intellectual, terse, pointed, dealing in short sentences ; using -Snxon words as close to orcry I day life as it can bo without being profane or vulgar ; I being at onco impressive in its subjects, its applications, I its illustrations, und its assertions ? Should it not avoid the easy uuiformity of a man applying a nostrum, and, wish the living c&casitncm; of ono wh? befieYM hi haj all important truths to convoy, dcclaro the curse of sin and the blessed remedy provided for it in the facrifico and perpetual offering of our Lord, aud iu the working of God the Holy: Ghost ? Should you not dwell on and proclaim Christ on his cross, Christ in his work of love, Christ in his Word, Christ in his Church, Christ in his Sacraments, and Chri.-,t crucified ; Christ risen, Christ mtditating, Christ saving ? Should it not embrace all tho variety, and fire, and love which belong not to a mouthful of phrases, but a heart, a mind and aoul full of their sub ject, and that subject eternal life, man lost or man's salvation, and tho love of Christ and the working of tho eternal Spirit, nnd the blessedness of tho church of the redeemed? And should not all tin so be delivered as if wo were in earnest, becauso wo aro in earnest ? I must leavo it to you to detormine for yourselves whether you can best speak, then, for Christ from or without a manuscript. 1 beliovo generally tho best course is to preach onco cach Sunday a written and once an un written sermon, by 110 menos ono which has been com mitted to memory, but ono whioh through frcsli uttor in?s of tho momont, is tho product of thought, nnd study, and prayer, it would help us, again, in this mode of preaching, if wo remembered constantly that for the grt^it mass of our peoplo prcaching is, and must be, the great instrument of God usod for converting BOUli.' 