CURRENCY. ?- TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir Hoping our war of words may result in the achievement of a victory to truth, I would remind Mr. Hellicar that he began in the " freestyle," and that I only met him with his chosen weapon,' I am naturally matter of fact, and, being very far from a Elmdow, I am not disposed to flights of imagination, avoiding them for fear of a fall, which were a ghost, would be needless care I promise thatiitiMr.HeUicar refrains from small guns, I will henceforth, be as demure its n widow bewitched-as quiet as a Quaker in meeting. iii I ' I must remind Mr. Hellicar that No. 1 pro- position was never in dispute, except that it may be eventually shown that the result of that a gentleman's views would 'be that debts would be paid in Melbourne by a sum more than equivalent to the liability contracted in London. No 2, I may be permitted to make the objection, and' one which will, if it does not confuse Mr. Hellicar's position, at least needs state the entire remodelling of his argument And I am fair to acknowledge, that I do not see how he can frame it on' any other than the position he has assumed viz., that he form of a promissory note is correct; a fan which is a very fiction, of which he cannot be ignorant. I venture to assert, that any promissory. note involving payment at a different place to that of issue would specify that fact and the form of the promissory note or bill of exchange would be in fact the contract, the result of which contract, as exchange rate should be adverse or favorable, would be full; appreciated by any merchant who understood his profession, and would be taken into con Miration in reference to the transaction Whether the basis were specie or produce. By the antepenultimate paragraph of Mr Hellicar letter, I am led to imagine that the real object that he has in view, is to upset the principles and customs of exchange which have ruled, from time immemorial, between the great commercial nations, and set up his own arbitrary standard of exchange, or rather payment, to wit, by Law to destroy the old tom of trade, in reference to settlement t debts, and make it binding on the creditor 1 every case to make good the amount of the dobtilinonrred at the place where it is It carried, the debtor in all cases to bear the expenses of conveying the' coin, or of t i purchase of bills to obtain the coin, at the residence of such creditor. i p Whether such a course would be wiser than, the present, I should feel that the results i care and convenience! which have been achieved under the existing system are the best denial, and I do think that if Mr. Hell , car would look into the matter calmly, 1 will be compelled ultimately to acknowledge that the system of exchange is just, because its principles are reckoned OD, because known to those whose interests and calculations the fleet the mercantile community; he w! find that he is seeking an alteration which would be no advantage, for how would he a ply his views in case a payment of £1,000 Melbourne represented £1,000 in, London, was the base just following the gold discover Therefore I assert that the law'reCoguisii and supporting contracts, entered into I men whose opportunities are equal of findi) cut the result of such contract, is just. Take an instance-A at Melbourne agree to deliver B 10 tons flour at Melbourne, i condition that B delivers 15 tons to nil Sydney. On his arrival at Sydney A finds that 10 tons of flour Sydney are only worth nine tons at Melbourne. The law would release B, common sense would laugh at A if be complained, a; LO one would call the law unjust, n even Mr. Hellicar and why then are for a different view of the principle of e , change in reference to the payment of day when specified in courage as the stands value, than that which is so palpable in ref ence to the example cited I would remind Mr., Hellicar, that as began the light, that he will in his next me his position stiong-yjth weighty arguments I am your obedient servant. A MINCING-LANE' BOY. I Richmond, 24th April; 1868. 