A GLANCE AT THE VEGETABLE KINGDOM Taking the distinguished botanist fech leiden for our guide, we will make a hasty survey of the world of plants, and note a few of the wonders to be found there. Since the microscope has revealed the intimate structure of flower and leaf, of root and stem, which without it was impenetrably veiled from our eyes as a remote star in the Milky-way : without the telescope and chemistry, analysing, weighing, measuring, had lent its aid to investigate the substance out of which these are formed, botany has taken a stride upwards In the scale of the sciences—has become, in fact, physiological instead of merely sys. tematicOn old damp walls and pailings, and stagnant water, we often find a delicate bright green velvety coat 'This is the first beginning of vegetation. It is com posed of small spherical cells filled with Bap, colourless granules, andchlorophyle or leaf green.' The noble forest tree, the delicately shaped and tinted flower, is but an assemblage of such cells each cell complete in all its func tions, a little independent organism,imbibing and assimilating nutriment— absorbing and excreting ; the vitality of the whole plant being only the sum of all these minute vitalities. Fresh layers are continually deposited on the cell wallsj but fthe new layer is never a similar entire membrane.* Sometimes 1 itis perforated all over with little chinks 1 or with long slits sometimes it is a net- 1 work or winds round in a spiral band or forms distinct rings. Some cells 1 have the power of forming new cells 1 within them, when the nutrient matter ( accumulates up to a certain point, and 1 then the mother cell gradually "disappears. How the endless variety of ] form, and texture, and colour are pro. ( • "duced by means apparently so simple c and monotonous, we shall understand if < we consider that the shape and group-- i it;g of the cells is modified n a thousand I different ways : sometimes oelongated ^ and pressed close together Jatarly, so as t to form fibres, as in the wood and grass g cells—the latter being tbose flexible j £ thrieads we weave into texile fabrics • \ sometimes they become cylindrical or I star shaped, or prisms. Add to thiB, } the varying of the minute particles and p fluids deposited within the cells, co- ^ louring matter of every hue, all the 1 nutritious substances the vegatable king- s dom yields to man-—the caseins, gluten, f fibrine, starch, sugar—all are mauufac" t tured in these|wondrous little ce][s: And c out of what ? r Mediately or immediately, man is £ wholly dependend on rageteble pro" I ducts. His mutton and beef are made of r the sweet grass, the turnip, the mangel j His bread his sugar, all his drinks, the ^ plant Airniahes him with. Out of I what does it make so bountiful provis- J ion ? Out of earth, air and water ? but r ; chiefly out of air. t fOur atmosphere is composed of about t four fifths of nitrogen, one fifth of s oxygen,1-2.000 of carbonic acid, and a c small but at present unknown propor* D tion of ammonia. Besides this, it takes ft up variable quantities of foreign matter -v water vapours, large cdditions to it g stock ot carbonic acid and ammonia t • emitted by soils redolent with decaying s \- organic • substances; 'jScfe:'-* When we say a that tbe'plant derives its chief nourish- q ment faom the^air it is natural to con., c elude that the process is a direct one ; ^ that those parts, leaf, stem", flowers t which come in contact with the air s are furnished with the means of appro* ( priating the supplies deposited there, j But this is by no means the case aell or , at lea st99 per cent, of all the assimilates ' es reaches it through the roots evap- 3 oration and excretion are carried on by ( means of leaf and stem, but j through the root alone it is fed. The j stio absorbs the gases and vapours of the air, and conveys them to the roots \ of the plant and one of the main differ, j ences between a productive and a | barren soil, is the degree in which it ( poBseses this a bsorbent and assimil- , ative natures. Humus, which is decayed ] organic matter, or, as we commonly call ; it manure possess it in the highest del , gree of all. It incessantly imbibes the , watery vapours and ammonia out of the atmosphere- Clay comes nest. 1 Science says, therefore, a soil liberally 1 supplied with these two substances ought to be especially, fertile. Practu cal experience says it is so. Very curious and difficult calculations have been made to ascertain what portion of all the water supplied to the soil by atmospheric precipitation—rain snow, hail, and dew—is left to vegetation, after the streams, springs, and rjveri- have taken their share. The 'result of these experiments and cctlcuIsticiio is to prove that at least onethird is carried by the great rivers to the sea, and the residue i:■ further diminished by the evaporation from the ground heat causes. Another series of careful experiments has been instituted to discover what quantity of water a plant consumes. A sunflower absorbs 22 ouncts of water daily; an acre of them, therefore, allowing each plant four square feet of ground would require 1,826,706 pounds in the fcur summer months; an acre of cabbages, more than 5,000,000,; and of hops, 7,-000,000 pounds. In England the average amount of rain that falls on an -ere in summer does:not much exceed 2.000,000pounds, and of this vegetation does not get perhaps a quarter. Now, we see why the capacity of a soil for absorbing watery yapour is one of its most important characteristics. Does it occur to the reader as an anomalous thing that bog-Eoil, which abounds both in humus and in water, Eroduces only the most useless formiss plants: sedges, rushes > rank grasses, to which the farmer gives the opprobrious name of sour pa sture, Tne explanation of this phenomenon compels us to take account of what earth, as well as air and water, yields for vegetable sustenance When fire consumes a thing, its briganicconstituents return the atmosphere, whence they were oii^-hi^y drawn. The residue, the a=l ;ne the inorganic constituents •—that which mother Earth has supplied Combustion dissolves their union, and enables the chemist to analyse, The Mbet of plants ooiuUt* of Haw, ph 0 phroue, magnesia,silex; alkanine salts* n varying proportion, These are coui iveyed into the little cells of living x | plant in the water it takes up, De. I posited in the cell wall they cause endless no diflcntions of hardnes &c.; ' The slender stalk of the wheat could not lift itself toripen. its grain in the sun's rays unless the soil furnished it with silex, through which its cells acquire that solidity necessary to enable it to maintain an erect position.* The deficiency in bog-soil is occasioned by the redundancy of water dissolving and carrying ofi these invaluable salts and earths ; while, on the other hand, it is beginning to be believed that the chief developments and transformtions which culture effects—varieties that become stable ir. the course of time, gradually passirg into sub-species—are due to these inorganic elements, Wherever a' soil is rich in the peculiar salts or earths, prevailing in. the ashes of any given plant, that plant will gradually alter its nature and aspect. The little dry woody stem of the wild carrot will turn into a sweet juicy vegetable, weighing five or six pounds. The thin-branched flowering stem, with green bitter buds of the wild cauliflower, becomes the soft, succulent, 'snow-white head that makes its appearance upon our tables. The dry stony nature of the soil-looking as if it were only fit to mend the roads—that produces the fine Burgundian grape, is a strong instance of the fertilising power possessed by certain earths. Botany yields a liberal quota to ' the fairy tales of science'—true 'tales,' that make the wildest or the most grotesque creations of fancy look timid and commonplace. The traveller in South America is | haunted at every turn with some one or , other of the four hundred species of the ] cactU3 tribe. Sporting with ugliness, j delighting in the quaintest variations of ] it, they constantly arrest his attention t by their entire unlikeness to all other < vegetable forms. "Without leaves, s mostly without branches, their dull ( green, dropsical-looking stems, pinched j in there, bulging out there, yet bedecked ] with glorious flowers, rise often to tbe , height of thirty or forty feet. There j is the hedgehog cactus, a small round s prickly ball; and the old .man cactus, r with tutts of venerable-looking gray t hair. There is the thin, whip like r serpent cactusi a parasite which climbs s from bough to bough ; and the torch- c thistle cactus, rising in a round column, g mostly branchless, but occasionally v ramified in the strangest way, just like s a clumsy gigantic candelabra, forty feet t nigh. Sometimes the old drarl stems i remain standing erect, white and ghost ; ly among the living stems, after the „ green fleshy rind is decayed. The i benighted travelled thankfully avails 1 himself of them, in that scantily wooded region, to make a fire or burn as a torch—hence the name in the dark / tropical nights. There are melon. t shaped cacti, and some that look in the <3 distance like reposing Indians, but on near inspection prove buj shapeless s heaps of a cactus that is thickly set with ^ yellowish red spines. Though f growing for the most part under the u burning rays of a vertical sun, on dry sand nearly devoid of vegetable mould, 0 and beneath a sky that for three. ~ quarters of the year yields them not one > drop of rain, they are tumid with a t watery acid juice of inestimable value to t the parched traveller. Even the wild 1 ass, cautiously stripping off the danger* f ous spines with his hoof, knows how to t help himself to a delicious draught / when traversing the desolate steppes. The physicians of America make use of it in various ways. . The thick leathery cuticle with which the cactus is covered prevents evaporation, and enables them to hoard the scantily supplied moisture; ' and they are farther assisted in this by • that absence of leaves wmch character. ises nearly all the species; for it is through the leaves that plants chefly « evaporate their surplus moisture. Another peculiarity is the abundance of beautiful little crystals of oxalate of lime deposited in the cells of all the cactacese. Some species contain no less than 82 per cent, of it. Nearly all produce small but palatable fruits—a sore of tropical gooseberries and currants The wood of the torch-thistle is so' firm, though light, as to be available for beams and posts ; and if we add that the invaluable little cochineal insect inhabits and feeds upon the cactus only, and that the spines of one kind are so dangerous that even buffaUs are killed by the inflammation following a wouud from one, we shall have enumerated all that is most imx portant concerning them. There is a little plant with which every school boy is familiar, the spurge or wolf's milk, in the efficacy of whose milky juice to cure w;arts he has great faith, The juice, or milk-cap, as it is called, occurs in many different famL lies of plants, increasing in nurrber as we approach the tropics. 1 ts proper ties vary from the most useful and nutritious down to the deadliest poison. And tne plants possessing it are digtinguihehe by a peculiaranatomical structure. In the bark and in the pith are long, curv ed, and branched tubes, not unlike tiqe veins of animalas containing this thtck juice, whih is generally milk-whi e; but there are yellow, red, and even blue milk'sapa* It consists, 1: animal milk, of au albuminous fluid with small globules floating in it. All milk-saps contain more or le ss ' caoutchouc, but only beneath a tropical j stm do those qualities, 1 that make it so invaluable to man,perfect t themselves. Here, even in hotihouaea, , it more resembles tha birdlime obtained • from our misletoes. If the sap is left . to stand, the caoutchouc globules rise to i the top and coalesce exactly in iihe asme , way the butter globules (the mm) do 1 in milk. The list is a long amTinterestt ing one both of useful and of noxious 3 i milk-saps. Tha cow-tree famishes the 3 Cingalese with a sweet and pleasant s drink, which he uses exactly as we do ,• milk. In Brazil there is a spurge whose milk, when flowing forth from the stem 9 in the dark hot summer nights, emits a 1 bright phosphoric light. The root of 1 the yacca or mandioc plant blends in e the most wholesome nourishment and o.| potent poiwn; and the process of diaw ■—a————■■■« ■ ■ aafccgaaaaawA^.aui'auiAij s» solving this union and turn ins? e f.h y> r its appropriate purpose, is a very curinti 5 one. The Indian pounds the rpoL- to a \- thick pulp with a wooden club in the 3 hollowed trunk of a tree, ties it up in a thick bundle with a stone attached to the bottom,iudhangs it up so that the weight i ' of the stone squeezes out the milk-sap. ! The pulp is further freed from the vol: atile poison contained in it by exposure 1 to heat, then powdered between two stones. And tiiis is ihe celebrated Cnssava meal, so important an article of dieL in South America. Afler the Indian has poisoned his arrows with the sap . thus pressed out, it is to stand for a con., siderable time; and the fine white powder deposited by it is—tapioca. Strychnine and brucine, two of the most active vegetable poisons, occur in other rnilkcsaps • and there is a tree— . the "manchineel —which infects with . poison the very rain drops that pass.over ' its leaves, to such a degree, that the traveller who takes shelter beneath, speedily finds himself covered with blisters and ulcers. The natives avoid it with as superstitions an awe as if it were the fabled upas-tree of Java ; and apropos of the upas-tree, that venerable ; tale which blends three real but separate j things into one fictitious whole,it comet in our. way to be explained here, because ' one of the three facts jumbled up to gether, is the existence cf a tree from < the milkisap of the roots of which the . "upas radia or sovereign poison is con, ■ cocted. A tioy'arrow dipped in this, and blown through a hollow reed,'makes • the tiger tremble, stand motionless a i minute, then fall as though seized with ] vertigo,and die in briei' bat violent con > ] vulsions.' In that island of beauty, ] fertility, and horror, grow gorgeous j flowers whose dimensions are reckoned 1 by feet instead of frections of an inch ^ —the Liances, Paullinias, and Raffiesian j lilies. True, primeval forests open in > majestic, aisles, aud the hundred feet 3 long stems of the lianees coil about and | stretch from tree to tree like the rigging •, of a ship, The autiar, with tall, smooth i slender stem, sixty or eighty feet high, 1 crowned by a circlet of glossy leaves. [ poars forth from its easily wounded bark j like the manchineel, a sap that blisters c and ulcers him who heedlessly touches C it. Apes chatter among the boughs. ^ and pelt the traveller with fruit. The j melancholy orangcoutang wanders / about leaning on his staff- The awful J mountains sent out a fiery molten flood : J and lower down, mud-volcanoes break ^ out suddenly without fire or light, j swallowing up in filth fertile valleys J with all their men and oxen. There are ^ streams that Detrlv the neiVhbnnnnrr ^ * 9 * - - o c j trees; springs white with sulphur ; \ little cones of gypsum spouting unceasingly hot or cold water ; and, above all, there is a naircw flat valley, nearly bare of vegetation, where the grouad is jj strewn with the skeletons of all kiuds of animals ; the tiger and his prey side by ,t side, overtaken by their common foe, ] death ; the vulture in search of carrion. 1 turned to carrion himself; dead beetles." ] dead - ants lying in hea ps. Man only can traverse unharmed this valley of the ' shadow of death, because his erect ] posture rises hira above the fatal exhala* tions of carbonic acid gas, which, being , heavy, diffuse themselves slowly, and * cause death by asphyxia to all near the * surface of the soil;-; It is thg same gas ■ as in the celebrated Grotto del Caue at ] Naples, and in the vapour caverns of « Prymont- And then we have the three ' terrible phenomena which led to the belief in a tree whose very shadow was deadly, and from its boughs the birds that. settled dropped down dead. — Chambers Journal. 