" " " • " • i ' ^ i t o r ^ : ; ; ' • ; BY MASS GERALD KEON./ •; ;(ERG!! THE H.TJBTEATED HEWS; . ^ . ' n {Concluded?) '1 ' :, ^Winmere,, whp ,heapd;this,yalediotion ut^ed something about those Jwho are, nice in selecting investments ought tp, : ;))e/ and always are, careful in the matter j of' security.' ;.'.'.' " " jtfow I.must return to the letter which Agnes, which still in mourning for her, parents, held in her hands, when Winmere' suddenly entered the room. . "' What are you wimpering about?' cried he. "' Nothing, Charles; only an ill-spelt, humble letter, telling me that Jane Saunders, my old nurse, is dead.' "'Saunders! Jane—Jane! That was one of the witnesses, was Bhe not ?' "' Witness to what ? She was my nurse." Surely you must remember her. She was at our wedding—I mean our marriage—in the old priory church.' "' I do remember. It was Bhe who delayed your getting into the carriage, having still a lot of embraces to do, and so on?' " ' She will never delay me again, from any any journey. She has gone herself; and,' oh, Charles, Charles, she cannot come back!' "' Hum !' muttered he leaving the room.' " Holy Writ tells us, my dear youhker,' Tom, that'with desolation is the whole earth laid desolate, because there is no one who thinketh, in his heart.' And some little incidents occurred immediately which' illustrate the value of (to use an old term) this inspired' documentum.' And the mother of Agnes was (poor girl!) no very great thinker—forgive a chance phrase, gentlemen; the lady whom I have, for thesecond time, termed a girl, is, this long, while, dead and gone; and I am I see, half unfit to tell my story." " I never thought you more fit to tell anything," said Hedingham, with prompt intrusion. " Well, nature makes you her spokesman, lad," replied Blamfydd, " and as my reminesences, such as they may be, bear upon the coming events of this very evening.— the events, I say, of this particular Christmas eve, I will despatch them off-hand in the moBt straightforward manner I can. Agnes—that is the first Agnes—was not, perhaps, a thinker, but she had those feelings which women often have, and men not seldom; feelings which women often have, and men not seldom ; feelings which make them note (they could not say with what views) certain occurrences more than others, and remember them more distinctly (they could not say for what reason). Thus a mother, with her child, shall go aboard a ship boupd for a long voyage, and perhaps she shall select her cabin, and then she takes an unaccountable aversion to the vessel; and returns on Bhore, and tells her friends she will not go by that craft. And this may happen by repetition, two or three times on the one occasion ; and ultimately the mother stands behind with her child. A few hours afterwards the news of tbe wreck of the ship, and of the loss of all hands onboard, startles the public for a moment, and fills a few households with more permanent and more painful emotions ; but there is one family on its knee in perplexed and bewildered thanksgiving asking itself ' can such warnings really be' and humbly praying for those who have gone too suddenly to an endless condition, which none of themselves have been called to share. " But what is more curious, more sug gestive, and more calculated to ' give us pause' is this: that impressions not at all dissimised to the vague feelings to which I have just adverted often take possession of the mind infructuou&ly.; No visible good comes of them; no assignable rescue or extrication occurs to excuse the amiability of the post hoc ergopropter hoc sophism. Such were the feelings or impressious with which Agnes, having told her husband of the old nurse's death, viewed one or two little incidents that now took place. The first was very simple. It was only that William Austin, Mr. Winmere's valet, was next morning closeted with his master two hours. In that circumstance there was not apparently, much aliment for reflection. Unhappily (I must say it again) the community is divided into two classes, very uneven, numerically-—the class of those who do think, and. the class of those who do not; and far mere want of the foomer, we know that the world ' is laid desolate with desolation.' A great difference there is between brooding and thinking; between a finding yourself anxious (which is but the s step, and A useless step if uot followed j a I^VegfigaHbk^fcWeeh feeling m (ineMV of ji^cbtt^okrtable and The; n'e^iyideht was, that ^yilliam Austin gat druiilc the same; night, at th® Winmere^Arms/ nponi piiali beer j .h?'" .grew hilarious, communicative, nebulous, unintelligible, sphinx-like and braggart ; that hementionfed' the death of ® J ?l&tiye;"in Hindostan, and his 'own ' accession to ' an unexpected and 'tidyish' property; that the indignant Sally, Mrs.Winmere's maid, to Whom the faithless William waB betrothed, reported, i^ a rhapsody of hysterical tears, to her mistress, that all men were alike vile, that to trust,was to be. deceived, and that William was going to travel abroad—and albiie ;, that everything was over, in fact; that the world was at an end, and that some people's heads -were ' easily turned,' and their hearts ' like the inside of a rotten apple.' Poor Sally's parched lips looked indeed as if she had tasted the ashes of the Dead Sea apple; for the girl was by nature one of those who, hoping much, risk a good deal. "The next incident was, that William Austin departed, and appeared no more. What occured thereafter was equally commonplace. A candidate valet prsents himself, with a character of five years from his former master, a gentleman in a distant part of the same country, but well known lb all its confiines,-arid beyond them. This servant, in his character ran, had been butler; but, now answering so well in that Capacity, had been transferred to the other department; and after serving as valet, to the full satisfaction of his master, was now because that master wished to go abroad, and the man wished to stay in England discharged, in all amity, his good name intact. This testimonial was written in the -well-known hand of Viscount Hailey, and signed with his name. The man—who was called Gardner—was taken into service by Mr. Winmere, which fact is not at all singular. The testimonial in question was, however, not returned to the man, but kept by Mr. Winmere; and by Mr. Winmere (as he stated to Gardner) it was mislaid or lost. Nor was this very remarkable, any more than tbe previous particular links in the little chain of events. " Now let me recapitulate, in the briefest mode, adding one fresh circumstance:— Agnes had lost parents; and the last time she had seen them, while in company with her husband j was at her wedding. Her old nurse, who had also been present on that occasion, was dead. William Austin whom her husband had brought to witness the contract (as be had, for the same purpose, brought the deceased nurse) was now inheritor of some ' Hindoo tin'—to borrow the polished and sentimental Mr. Winmere's characteristic expression—and was on tbe Continent drinking his legacy: nobody knew where; if not already dead, anybody might guess how. The parson who had officiated at the happy couple's union was like his old sexton, buried in Chatsworth churchyard. Finally, a man named Gardner, with a five years' character, had entered Mr. Winmere's service, and the document which he had brought from his former place, and which had secured his reception, was lost. Those are the facts which I wished to recall to your minds, in a short way. The fresh circumstance which I have to add, and which would have been as new to Agnes Winmere as it is to you, is, that her husband, who now never allowed her to quit that rustic cottage, where he resided but very little himself, had, about a year before, met in London, during one of his frequent and protracted absences, a lady of very great wealth and of extraordinary beauty, whom he no sooner beheld than he fell violently in love with her, or with • her fortune, or with both. The years that had passed, the privacy of his domestic life, and the accident of a different circle, led her to suppose him an unmarried man ; and she soon began to favor the attentions which he knew so well how to pay, and with which hs had vehemently pursued her from the first. The more easy his suit grew in this particular, the more perplexing became his general position. The failure of his addresses would have brought no difficulties, but would have relieved him from one great embarrassment; whereas the success of his prosperous love for a beautiful heiress menaced him with disgrace and despair. " I return to the cottage. Mr. Winmere sndderily missed some property. One of the articles was a diamond ring, of marvellous value—a wonder of a ring. He said nothing; but, having departed without disturbance, in the morning, returned s at night with two police-officers; aud, all his servants, insisted upon a n immediate search of their rooms, their d boxes, and their effects. It was "done cordingly, and, in a trunk belonging to" tfce servant Gardner, were found the ring-fend the diamond appertaining to it; butroe jewel was detached from its settmg'/hhd appeared to have been scooped out vffth some violence. The object, apparency, was to effect a separate, immediate, ffid undetected sale. Gardner, who seemed overwhelmed with astonishment, prOf^ffed himself innocent; but of course he was Unsigned to the hands of the two officers. Subsequently, at the assizes, the man vtas liberated, as there appeared no prosecutor. What became of the servant whose character was thus blasted transpired not for some time. Perhaps a year might have eltipsed, when one day, at the Chatsworth Parsonage, or Rectory, where the new Rector was in •want of a servant, there presented himself, as desirous of the vacant place, si very proper-looking man named Gardner. $ou will remember that the Rectory in question was in a part of England remote from Mr. Winmere's present country, the local news of which, more especially in trivial matters, such as an obscure indictment never pushed to a conclusion, did not penetrate to 7 Bo great a distance. The Rector "knew nothing about Gardner's previous accusation and exposure. He asked for his character. The man produced a five years' character from Lord Hailey, then abroad; adding, that since quitting his Lordship's service, he had lived with his own mother, just dead. The parson, finding the man very tractable, in respect to wages, engaged him. This happened in Cumberland, while Mr. Winmere was absent from his home, which was in Wales. He was absent in Paris whence he wrote to Agnes, who had the habit of keeping all his letters, as he knew. Now, the Rev. Mr. Curton's new servant, Gardner, about two months after he had been engaged, disappeared suddenly from the Rectory, and was never heard of more. Another month, during which Mr. Winmere continued to write from Paris to Agnes but giving her no address—elapsed; and then that gentleman returned home. I forgot to tell you a singular little thing which had occurred on the occasion when Winmere brought, as you will remember, the two police-officers to search his servants' effects, and ultimately to take the man Gardner into custody, Winmere had then treated the two officers with refreshments, had himself sat and chatted in 'their company, and had repeatedly designated Agnes to them ' as his mistress' I now return. When he came home from Paris he stayed about a month, and then left the cottage and Agnes. It was the last time she ever saw him. He had told her for what amount she could draw on his banker periodically; and she lived with her child alone. She grieved not much, you mav suppose, at his continued absence, until, one day, she saw in the papers the announcement, in customary form, of her husband's marriage with the beautiful Miss Wyborough,' only daughter and heiress of C. Wyborough, of Esq., &c.;' I pass over her amazement, her horror, her reflections, on the consequences to Agnes, her only child, thus paraded for ever illegitimate. Her first step was to hasten to London to see Winmere, which she found she could in no manner accomplish, being steadily referred, as an impostress, to his solicitor. She then consulted a lawyer, whose first demand was to see the certificate or attested copy of the register in which her marriage was recorded. She could produce no such document; but still avowed her determination to obtain from the law justice to herself and to her child. The next proceeding was a journey to Cumberland, in company with her legal adviser (a clever man), to inspect the register itself. Strange to say they found that not only the page containing what coucerned her, but many other pages, affecting entries of various dates, and of several years, at irregular intervals, were torn out. The manner in which this was done was remarkable. Had only one page been missing, the inferences, though dark and mysterious, would have justified a certain amount of presumption of, no doubt, a dreadful nature ; but so many parts of the book mutilated. Some leaves were only half torn ; in several were marks of tobacco juice; between two the flattened stump of a cigar was found, wedged in the juncture; three or four of them were singed at the edges, and one was burnt through, as if with a dropped spark. The actual Rector had either not noticed the state of the book (which was perfect in its more recent pages) or had not liked to mention it. He never and had no one in his establishment who did; had had, except one ; the man in question, a dissipated, and blasted character, as was . ^afterwards learnt, had ; .been;yi cpupleof mpnilw^ana. ha&. gndL^j {, Appeared, "and Wer.'been s^n^nge j J had robbed; nothing/ytaken; nothj^,"ii :. cren some new but coatee. slurts,' iqj$$e< fcithhis name, H. Gardner. xdade.notes of all these particulars, atyTde-'i parted with his dismayed client;, On their ) ; way back to London, he asked ,he;r,.the,, names of her witnesses, and pf every person, fihe could recollect who had been present^ At her marriage. £le found that all were certainly .dead, except William Austin, whom she knew not .to fee dead, but fenew not to be living, and of whom she had irrecoverably lost sight ever since he had inherited his ' Indian property,' and gone,, as she supposed, to Calcutta. Every, effort was made by private inquiry, and by public advertisement, to discover this individual; but every effort w as in vain. Still, the distracted . lady, for the sake of her girl, Agnes, would appeal to law. A prosecution for bigamy was undertaken against Winmere, and it failed utterly. Nay, the public judged that the prosecutrix, bad been always, notoriously esteemed, by those who knew anything about her.at all, as the salaried mistress of Winmerethe evidence, of the two police officers who had arrested Gardner tended strongly to countenance and establish that conclusion. One point more. Had Gardner any resentment against the lady ? And had he, when with the Rector, destroyed the register out of malice ? On the contrary, it was Winmere who had been harsh to Gardner, and it was at the lady's intercession that Winmere had refused to prosecute. , The result of. the trial completed the work of crushing, and killing the unfortunate and broken , hearted lady who had been my first love. "I had not seen her for 20 years since the epoch of my only duel. I now received a note signed ' Agnes Winmere,' summoning me to her death-bed. There she told me all that she knew, and adjured me, as she was dying, and dying a lawful and wedded mother, to adopt her poor orphan, and to right her falsely-dishonored name. I accepted the charge, desperate as part of it appeared; I accepted it with tears and with sobs; and, kneeling with that beauteous orphan, whom you have all beheld, ,by the death-bed, received along with her the last blessing of a murdered, wronged, and spotless woman. " That night, the night of her departure to another world, Winmere and his new wife were seated together in this room, and. at this fireplace, with such a storm as the storm to which we now listen raging round this old building. It was the first house to which he had formerly brought poor Agnes. The bride was musing. The bridegroom was reading. Suddenly something made both turn together, and gaze in the direction of that old sideboard j and, with her right hand resting upon its brass edge, and her left lifted, as in warning, and shining with the single plain ornament of a wedding ring, the reproachful vision of the dead stood before theliving. But to-night, in this house which I have purchased, and in this very room, I can say that I have kept my solemn pledge to the departed. Rest, rest, perturbed spirit!" A pause here ensued; and then Mr. Blamfydd concluded:— "It was manifest tome that the only chance of justice was, that William Austin should be still living, and should be produced. I meditated long how to proceed. If the man live, said I, the reason, and the so possible reason, why he should never have been accessible or discoverable is, that it has been so managed by him who alone has an awful interest in concealment. No one knows who he is, or where he is, or can know it—I added in my own meditation—save Winmere himself. By Winmere he is paid, maintained, and kept at a distance. I felt that one false step would ruin my last chance. I reasoned closely as I used to reason in ' The Twenty Questions.' Having determined on my plan, I sought a clever fellow, on whom I could rely; and, having carefully and perfectly disciplined him in his part, I arranged every preparation. I knew that if I was, unhappily, wrong in my assumptions, then to do what I desired was an impossibility in every respect. Therefore, I proceeded on the basis of being entirely correct in my first logical data. As Winmere must know where this man was, in order to supply him with his allowance, to pre " ' — ; 1 — m^nnr. - J 111. 1.! : serve means of intercourse with him, and to keep him out of a risk of destroying his guilty pay-master, it was absolutely certain that, if Winmere could be alarmed into suspecting that we were on the traces of the missing witness, l^ very first measure would be to commwiUoate with this minor, but vital accomplice, either by letter or LthW mmimP irrr: himSiji^^waB 'a^lia^u JiyiBsi', cried j T, * j^yojgj .{lues!* I ,Bfud,;ji6~ parted,; Ke^an, this >very chancy for ,y< /jnght, ixepeatj, i^ti what was a aheeripippj to Divine Proyidence, y—, .. )f, * ft ' J«bb,' jsjli^^m^ » ipan paraffledin% house, and crept,, tJpqqg^. t^.^ui^ ^o ^e post- office. Of cojaa^o^fm^^aha letter ihtp tap box without ^^toiljapg put hU.arnL,;„ As Wiiimeijf^ man, who staggered, pear hjig, jfejil pye^ extended, arm, b$arag £he. precious to the ground. • , The Th? drpikar^ " ftf&i;&lp;* letter,^d.lhesiiper^iptipq^a&d;/ mogfjiiflg an apology, handed! it,ba6k Winn^re. That dronken man 1 was my clever agent. In less than five ^minutes I lemted.itbat thje passive was addressed Jbo''ffceqp&t; Brest as soon $s.the letter 4 Ifojind.that M. Jacques WM, W&jtam;,. An^tUij and, William Austin is now, whileI,Bpeak,in this house. >' • ,- . . " Hedingham, the .reason ,yon are so de* r eased is, that Agnes has refused you; but the reason. Agies^refpsed jpu jiis, that she had a blight.. upon her *owa inherited fame; and that blight is now,removed for ever. She shall* be redintegrated her parent's .repute before aft tbft woylfl; imd', this night, Hedingham,, jmyVflear. ,loy, she,j will cancel her pwn award agaipstjou.. This is the story which -1 had to tell; and; many, a merry Ohrjstiflasand manya happy new year may you enjpy with Agnps, Lady Hedingham. T-hat, I,repeat» ( is #11 ,ihe story I had to tell.,. Sty own^arly hopes perished,in thisdajk nndprgipund -tragedy; but, at length, in the, flflQond generation, I have lived to see it flow out into' the sun- Shine, and close in peace/' „ When he ended, one present—a staid and truth-spoken man of business,—Rnscome himself—declared solemnly that he saw, near the old sideboard, amid the dimness and the shadows, a lady in . white, deadly pale, but smiling sweetly, ware, for, a moment frojn her, left band .the .gliiterings of a weddifc. ring, and then, disappear, just as the joybeUs, al twelve, rang in the Christmas morning. 