ENGLISH SPOUTING NEWS. (fiiom oun owh coit.tE.src«nRVT i wwwinr.11M'ombor- Tho Nowmarkot Houghtou Meeting, of which I for ward youa aummary of tlio results, with a pretty copious abstract of tho running, may bo taken as tho olose of tho Turf season. Tho few events whioh follow aro spocimena of tho 'pursuit of racing nndor difHoultios,' and may hi vory briofly disposed of. In tho interval botween this and tho spring of '08, I shall thorofcrj occupy tho flnaco under this donartinnnt of m» Intm. with a Turf Summary for 1857, aud somo hinta as to probable winnors in 1858, which your roadora may adopt or reject at their', discretion; always sivlne mo orc?lt'.,1 '.''P'. for being adtuatodliytliodo-iro to pro mote thoir intorosts and to minister to thoir ainuao The Criterion Mold, on Monday was tho largest on record, but Happy load, who has f'oon iu lavender fur Bomo tjmoj had no difficulty iu kudirkiiig over tlio wholo lint i / i*'cl PultiW n oI»»r thousand iuto LoJil Ulbble.-Hlila s pooltBt. Banntoror gnvo Anton no chauoo, aveu nt 7Hi . in thoir A. P. xiatch ; and Odd Trick out own bjufioldovcr tlio Cambri.gcithira in mfvJothat ^Vinc«riiSn'y~hrwo^d-. thcrealouts in the great tiial on thc following day.' .-... .. ... 'tCrec-mile' Pavillon-tbo hone whogavoSun R«B0rshis faU till. w£tB for a month to get to Gat 81b, rodo El HtW who was wonderfully fancied by men who seldom mako ntr8&/did sratf^^a^g that hill and get among the first three. No ono to look at Smnteror would fancy him such a '°^ Syrono and Mdlle. de Chantilly, tho loved ones of Newmnrket, lnisho.1 fourth and fifth' ; while tho Americana (»»Won being tho B able'B hopp) were stopped tho moment thoy were out of the race,' and cantered in about tho two last. Fordham has now enjoyed . Chappie's I860 took of riling both the winners of tho great, autumn haudi To more Queen's Plates are left for Fisherman, who has made freo with ten this year and bix last. After Lis double Scotch defeats by Queen B^j.B1'^.1''^ one instance Gtlb and in the othor 471b, his owner shirked bringing him to run at ^a^j/bos°^f'^ meetings, 1 should havo beforo remarked, were wound up by a rare Queen's Plate struggle between Warlock aid Wardermarsko. In 1850 FisScrtnan ran 3t.timos and won 23, aud tho defeat of Skirmisher was Ins 22ud win out of 33 effoits this sci»on. He has thus won 4o race, out of 73, but altogether they only reach 17,203. Thero was a rnmour on the courso at Newmarket on Thursday of Mr. Joctaon selling off Sauutorer and his jocVubv cum of uar«iA3ri». 1' cenei»l meeting of the Jockey Club was hold at NcwuWet on Wednesday, October 28th-presont, Ixjrf Anglesey. Lord Wm. Powlctt, tho Duke of Beau fort (Stewards)-, Mr. Birno, Mr. Batson.Lord Clifden, Mr. W. S. Crawfurrf, Lord Cliosterfield, Lord Derby, Loid Exoter, Mr. Etwall, Lord Glasgow, Mr. Lowthor. Mr. Payne, General Peel, Lord Portsmouth, Admiral Rons, Ixird Wilton. ' Lord Derby moved the resolution of which ho had given notice — ' That all bets on handicap* mado pre vious to tho publication of the weights bo declared null and void,' but' afterwards withdrew it in favour of on amendment moved by General Peel, which was put as an original motion, namely, 'That the Jockoy Club, highly disapproving tho practice of betting on handicaps previous to tho declaration of the weights, recommend to tho conimitteo of Tattertall's not to rocogniso any l.ctj bo male, or inflict any punishment for tho non payment of them.' Lord Anglesey moved, as an amendment, that ' So long as tho rulo passsd in 1842 is allowe ! to romnin. tho Jockoy Club is not in a position to interfere with betting at all.' v Tho amendment was negatived, and Gen. Peel's resolu tion carried by a majority of 14 to 2. Lord Glasgow then moved tho following resolution, whicli was seconded by Gen. Peel:— 'It being notorious that thc prcfcntsj'Btcm of play or pay b.ttin? gives faci lity and inducement to tlio commission of fraudulent practices, greatly injurious to the character and tho in terests of the Turf, and that such practices aro yearly on the increase, tho Jockey Club recommend that hereafter nubotson horse-racing shall bo considered play or pay ; and that tbo club will in futuro declino to warn off tho ground at Nowmarket, or otherwiso treat as dofaultors, any persons who may bo brought before them for refus ing to pay bet] lost on horses which havo not started. Ab, however, many engagements havo already been mailo on certain races for noxt year, the above resolution shall not affect bets mado on the Derby aud Oaks at Ep som, or tho St. Lpger at Doucaster, tone run for in 1838. With respect to all other races, it shall como into opera tion at tbo expiration ot tho Houghton Mcctiug in tho present year.' Aftor some discussion, a division took place, and the numbers wero — for Lord Glasgow's resolution, G ; against Majority : Marqnia of Anglcsoy, Duke of Beaufort, Mr. liarne, Earl of Cboaterflold, Viscount Clifden, Earl of Derby, Mr. Payno, Lord W. Powlott, Admiral Rous, and tho Earl of Wilton. Minority : Earl of Glasgow, Goneral Peel, Mr. Batson, Mr. Etwall, Marquis of Exeter, and Mr. Lowther. An alteration was mado in tho latter part of Rulo 17, on tho subject of nominations, which was ordered to stand an follown :. '? If n.honm .lias. once been ontcrcd wiin nls namo and pedigree In a race' publumod -tu-Uio Jiicini/ Calendar, it will be sufficient afterwards to mention him by his name only, oven though ho has never stirted; and m entering a horso for tho first time by his namo in sovoral races closing at tho sanio timo, it will bo sufficient to givo hispedigroo in tho first of thoso nominations, aud his name only in tho uthera.' _ The following resolution, of which Mr. Groville had given notice, was unanimously adopted :—' Complaints having been mado by ownors and trainers of raco horses that boys aro frequently in tho habit of desorting their service, without any sufficient cause, and of procuring employment with other trainers, who take Buch boya into their service agninst tho consent and wishes of their former masters, and contrary to the long-ostabliBhod rules and practice of the Turf— and tho notice publiahod by order of tho Stewards of tho Jockoy Club, on tho 12th June, 1849, for tlio purposo of correcting thiB evil, having been found inefficient fur .that purposo— ' It U resolved— that whenovor any trainer Bhall tako a boy who ha« run «w»y from another stable, without the consent of the last employer of such boy, and who, after due warning having been published in tho Jlacimj Calendar, shall continue to retain such boy iu hij service, shall not be allowed to train or run horses at Newmarket, or at any other place where thc rules of tho Jockoy Club are in force.' A letter to tho corporation of Doncaster on tho subject of tho disturbances at tho last races there, war read aud agreed to. It suggested tho issuo of daily as well as weekly tickets to tho Grand Stand,' and the construction of a new entrance-jato into tho iiiclosure. IHEAXIUCA1. Her Majesty's Theatre, so long tho aristocratic and oxcluBive temple of fashion, has again boon turned into a popular music saloon, open to cvorvono who pays a Bhilling. In a word, it has been disposod of to M. Jull-on for his promenade concorts, which began on Inday, October 3'. The promenadohi nightly orammod, and some disturbances havo tikon place, notwithstand ing tho appeal of M. Jullien to tho good feeling of bis audience, and tho expression of his hopo that they would not injuro him by degrading tho oharacter of h(a entertainment. The said entertainment ia of tho ordi nary Jullicuio kind, tho orchestra largo aud poworful, the music partly classical, pai tly popular, most brilliantly psrformod. Tho only vocalist is Mdllo. Jetty Trcffz, ;ho Gorman ballad-singer, who was so groat a favourite joro a few years ago, and who proinisos to bo as great a favourite again. Covont Garden is rising from its aehon, and it ia fully expected that the budding will bo complotod in timo for tho ensuing season. . Mr. Bilfe, aftor a long interval, has again como boforo tho public as a dramatic composer, and tho ni«htly ro coption of his now opora ' Tho Rose of Castillo '—pro- duccd at the Lycoum ou Thursday, Octolwr 20-shows ;hat Ins temporary retirement has not injured his ponu larity, wlnlo tho opora itBolf shows that ho is more desoi vmg of popularity ; than ovor. Tho mibjoct of tho ilirettoij identical with that of » French comlo opora tho musio by Adolpho Adam), callod ' Lo JIulctior do Loledo, produced somo yoara ago at tho Theatro Lyriquo, and, more recently, brought out without mtisio at our Princess's Theatre. Of tho story I nocd say nothing, as doubtless your roadera aro already familiar with it, and hayo thoir own opiuiotiB as to its probability. , ?, ,p!BOS '^gooting the uiusio may not bo unac coptablo. Tho cluof oxcollenco liea in tho concerted !«-»£?, wiuoii are moro dovelopou, embrace a larger portion of the business of tho sceiio, and aro fuller of dramntio character than in any ofBnlfo'a provioua °P%M- T'1O7 »b'w'. to', an increaso of constructive BKill, manifested by comparative clearness and frcodom from enbarrassment m the troatmont of complicated action and nuraoroua persona on tho stage. In tho regular airs, tho coinposor is loss happy. Thoy aro cleverly written, to display tho peculiar' ialont of each of tho principal performers; but many of them are, as usual, adcaptandum-iuaio to soil in tho mualo-ahops, and siiro to bo tranaforrod to tho stroot organs. Thov show fllitUo individuality of oharacter, being either iX ho florid Italian or Fronch stylo of the day. or in tho With all its faults, howovor,' ' Tho lloso of Castillo' tako t for all iu all, is a work of groat inorit. Tho por forraanco is altogether admirable. Every oharaotor, oven the smallest, is well fitted with a representative and tho ensemble, contoquontly, is full of spirit. Miss ^ouisa Pyne never appoarcd to greater ad vautogo ; hor beat qualltiea aro fully brought out, and sho BhowBhor Belftoboonoof tho ploanantost ooinio aotrossca, aswoll as a brilliant vocaliat. Tho oompoBor haa woU takon the racasnro of Harriaon, and tumod hia fino tenor voioo and dashing manner to tho best posaiblo account. ?ino only notioeablo events In conneotion with tho onCrA0' »^.tUo.co,nti»««d progress in public favour of Miss Amy Sodi-wick, who has addod Cotutanct in tho Lovo Chsso' to her iiorforinanow sinoomy last, and an .action which has been brought against, and uccidod ? Z- yi? B^rton« *o ha--!e' »n«Jw novel ciioi'm. fltincos. Mr. Albany Fonblanquo, a barrister and so' boliove.of tho former editor of tho ?Jimmintr not aS5T?S5ft'ttBftSB.»'^SE mid after calling some fow times at tho theatro his MS I 't Judno of tiio County Court who tried the caso, ho«o\cr, nnlv awarded the- travelling oxponsea and subtistenco. ZZGXceotM* decinfon; Mr. Bnckstono has gjyen no«ce ffiTwiU »t bo iwouiUo for any pieces sent to Wm, unless thoivriters bayo been previously intro du£d to him by imemborof tho Dramatic Authors SOTho^'Tompcst'V.till maintains its popularitr atth Priiiccss's, but will hortly be withdrawn. By the doco rationTf tho houso .uring the recess, a great improve I, n,i« hten effectid ? the hot and heavy being trana KedTntothe'nd light; the fadcS, and. dingy a i™Kab3cnco, ocdaioned, I regret to say, \p lUncBS in the 'ever) ?' Greonpushea.»-Her recbptiou is a, onthu-. « iastic and her a«ing as powerful as of yore. 'Tho Drapery Qnestion/.r frho's for In.lia ?' a broad Adelphi farcin which th drapers- assistants aie, -smartly, hit;' SanSmirabl.vchicloforthediBplarof tho pecu liar comio powers f fright and Haul Bedford. _ : WhUo Robsonfias been making a brief provinoal. tour, » now coindy entitled 'Leading strings,1 tho Suction of Mi Tronghton, has boon b ought out at tUe Olympic Th storyis an adaptation of the TajoM of M Kcribo.'andis briofly this : A coi tain mother has: a son who i»rveril» fa la in loyowth tho very, wo nan sho likes least iiHio world; biit,,ins.tead of stimulating rebellion by opportiou, bIio adopts tho milder and more toin a'ing metliJ of keeping the young folks together, apart from sooiet; till mutual weariness snaps tlio tip of inconvenient affttionn, and allows tho promotion of moro eligible boils. The piece i affords scope for somo fine acting by Ira. Stirling, Miss Wyndham, aud JHbs Swanborough : !or should I omit to notice tho part of an old butler, pV with groat romio unction by Mr. Addiadn; Besldi tho comody, Iho Olyra^lo has.brought out a pointless lilo woll-drcsscd pioce, nil about a gqn tleman who pretnds to ho a ghost, and frislitens s:utors from too clonoly^iirpachini; his adv-lovo by discharging pistols. Thia foii, whioh ia callod 'Deadly Koporls,' is bIho of FroncliMgin, but noithor Franco nor Eugliind boa aiiy great iKson to bo proud of tho contribution thus mado to driiatio literature^ ' j ' ; . ' ; . 'Love's Labor Lost,' notwithBtanding it was tho best acted pieobf tho day, and the groatoat dramatio curiosity of tho'ason, has bcon removed from the bill* of Sadler's Wolli and Mr. Pholps « now astomabing tlio nlar-Eoiiiir pull hvhis wondorfnl impersonatum of torfoM, « '?*!'- Clandestino. Marriogo.' This fine old comodyJ admirably caBt, and brilliaut'y acted, but tho dolinolioii of tho aged roue by tho mnnngor stands prominjtly as a masterpicco of histrionic Rtnius, only equalled t tho Bottom, the Sir Pertinax Macii/co pliant, and thothor liko creations (wo had almost said) of tho E»mo gitd artiste. 