Coroner's Inquest at Blumberg. —An inquest was held before Mr. J. D. Cave, J.P., on Saturday, the 23rd instant, on the body of George Hoffmann, aged 61, a farmer residing in the neighborhood. It appears that for some time past the deceased had been subject to religious melancholy, believing he had sinned against the Holy Ghost. On Friday morning he sent a letter to his son-in-law, the pastor of Blumberg, asking questions touching his salvation, and in a postscript said —"You need not look for me, for if you do you will not find me." This naturally caused the son-in-law to go to his house immediately. He had that morning taken cattle into the bush as usual to meet the children who herded them, but had not returned when the pastor arrived. A search was set on foot, but no traces could be found of him that day. On the following morning, however, he was discovered with a rope round his neck, and the other end attached to the branch of a tree. He must have been fully bent on self- destruction, as not only were his feet touching the ground, but the body was in a leaning or rather a sitting posture. The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased hanged himself during a fit of temporary insanity. Poisoning of the Imported Mare Star. A correspondent at Hahndorf writes us the following particulars in reference to the death of this valuable mare :—" All those who feel interested in the introduction into the colony of stock of pure breed, and the improvement of the present stock of draught horses, will regret te learn tliat the celebrated imported Lincoln mare Star (which was imported at the same time as the entire horse Aggravation, by the late Thomas Belt, Esq., of Hahndorf), died an Friday last, after an illness of only four hours. She dropped, a splendid filly foal, by Hert- ford, only eight days previously, which is still doing well, and being brought up by hand. The prevailing opinion of the cause of death was, that she died from inflammation ; but upon being opened, there were most unmistikeable proofs that poison of a powerful nature had been administered. A great portion of the stomach was literally eaten away, as well as the passage from the mouth to the same. No motive can be assigned for such a diabolical act, nor is any one at present suspected. A few weeks ago the owner of this unfortunate mare refussed £320 for her. It is not only a severe loss to him, but may also be regarded as a great loss to the colony. 