MAITLAND CIRCUIT COURT. This Court opened yesterday, before his Honor the Chief Justice. The barristers present were the Attorney General, Mr. Murray, Mr. Faucett, Mr. Butler, Mr. Windeyer, and Mr. Ellis. The Attorney General prosecuted for the Crown. The Proclamation against vice and immorality was read. ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO COMMIT RAPE James Spencer was indicted for having assaulted Harriet Newman, with Intent to commit a rape, at Maitlaud, on the 1st February. 1858 The prisoner pleaded not guilty. He was undefended The witnesses called were Edward McLean, Joseph Furness, and Harriet Newman The particulars of this case hare been so recently published, that more than a brief uotice of them Is now unnecessary It appeared from ttio evidence that on the evening of Monda), the 1st February, Mrs. Newman, who had been out to make some purchases in the town, was returning home and when on her way was about to turn off from High-street to sec a sick woman She was then near Durham street A man suddenly came up, said she was just the woman he wanted, dragged her down John-street, threw her down, stuffed her clothes In her mouth, and made the attempt complained of. She struggled and en- deavoured to make a noise, whereupon Spencer swore by " his Holy Ghost" he would take her lite if she did. She threatened to take him to Court, and he professed with an oath that he carred nothing for the magistrates or constables, and said that his name was Jim Spencer. Furness, the night watchman, was at this time passing near the Northumberland Bridge, and heard the noise of a woman moaning. Looking over the rails, and seeing a man and woman in John street, he went down to them, and at soon as the woman could speak she called out "Is that you Watchman?" and said she gave the man in charge. Spencer said he would give him charge, and struck him, and he was obliged to run away for assistance. He returned with Constable McLean, and they took Spencer in charge, and with great difficulty conveyed him to the lock-up. He had a paling in his hand, and appeared almost mad. The prisoner cross-examined Mrs. Newman, with the view of obtaining from her the admission that she had gone with him willingly from High street, and had received money from him; but she denied It. The prisoner said nothing in defence, except that the woman would swear anything. He called evidence as to his previous character Mr Joseph Eckford had not heard anything against him, but only saw him occaslonally. He had seen him drunk on the day of the occurrence in question -Alexander M'Leay had known him seven years, and so far as he knew, knew nothing against him. He was a sober man sometimes. The prisoner then said that another witness had promised to come, this witness. he said, was the night watchman at Mr Nicholson's, and could give evidence as to the woman's leaving the street with him. A constable was despatched to West Mait- land to procure his attendance. Thomas Blake, this watchman, stated that on the night in question he saw a woman and the man come down High-street and turn into John-street together They were walking along- side of each other. The man was the prisoner, but he did not know the woman. He did not than see the mans features, but recognised him an hour afterwards when the police had him in custody Constable M'Lean stated that Mrs. Newnan was rather fond of grog, but not more than occasionally tipsy She was not very attentive to her family -Michael Kenny had known Spencer for some years, and had never seen him the worse for drink, or ill-conducted -Samuel Clift said that Spencer's character was good, and though he was rather fond of liquor he had only once seen him drunk.-Sergeant Kerrigan had known Mrs. Newman for three or four years ; by repute she bore a bad character. His Honor summed up. The jury retired for on hour, and then returned a verdict of not guilty The prisoner was discharged. UTTERING FORGED CHEQUES. John White was Indicted for having feloniously uttered a forged bank cheque, knowing it to be forged, with Intent to defraud, at Maitland, on the 3rd January The prisoner pleaded not guilty He was undefended. The witnesses called were George Hoath, and Francis White. On the 3rd January, White called at the store of Mr Hoath, Singleton, and obtained goods to the value of £2, In payment for which he presented a cheque on the Union Bank or Australia for £10, purporting to be drawn by " Frank White " He said that the cheque was drawn by one of three brothers Knowing that there were three brothers of the name of White Mr Hoath gave him £8 change, and some days after remitted the cheque to Messrs Cohen & Co. Mr Francis White was in partnership with his two brothers, at Belltrees, sixty or seventy miles above Singleton. He did not know any other Francis White or any other three brothers of the name of White, In partnership. Iii the district The signature to the cheque was not hU nlgnature I nor that of ilthcr ot lils brothers ; and the cheque wa« not drawn on tho bank of which hu was a customer The prisoner «aid he neither know anything of the cheque, nor was he in Singleton ou the Sunday lu question, but «»as at ii ' public-house turee miles tills side of blngkton on Iii» Saturday night Ills Honor summed up, remarking that the qutstlon was entirely ono of Identity As it appeared that Mr Falkner, who kept the pitblio-house named by the prisoner was in Court, tho prlsonir » n« informed of It, and called him to give evidence in defenoe, but he hod no recollection of White having ticen at his place Tile Jury retired for half an hour, and then returuttl a verdict of guilty, recommending the prisoner to mercy "ou account of there being only ono witness ' His Honor held that ground to bo inadmissible Tho Attorne) General stated that ho had abstained from offering e»Menee connected with another cheque which the prisoner had presented, and had swallowed, as hu hud doubted whether it win admissible. The prisoner was sentenced to five years on the roads. EMBEmEMENT. EMBEZZLEMENT. James Munro was Indicted for having on the ïnd May, 1S47. as clerk of the Australian Jolut Stockyards, at Singleton, ami by virtue of his employment, received and taken Into lils ikh scsolon a large sum of monoy, to wit £150. for and In behalt oí the Australian Joint Stock Hank, aud for having then and there fraudulently aud feloniously ombcnlcd the same. Ho waa further indicted with having at other time», and at the same plác«,A«landembeiilcíothersums, vii.. £18. mt 10s. «Id., These charge's formed two separate Indictments. To the first the prisoner pleaded "legally guilty." and to the second guilty. Mr Ellis appeared fortbo prisoner t attorney, Mr. Chambers. Mr. Ellis stated that tho legal proof was so competo against the prisoner, that he had, becnadv *cd to plead guilty i but he proposed U> call evidence In mitigation or the sentence. V IIUHoiior consented to hear such¡evidence, and toread the deposition's In the case that night, that he might pats sontencc lim wl°Äs caUcd were Henry Glennie, and John Wallace. u". Gie me had known the prisoner three or four years. He hart attended him for nearly the last twelve months. The pri soner"net «It an accident In Kobruary. 1847, by the upsetling of tbe mall, aid was 111 a long thne from the effects lio was about CO waro of age, and such an accident woud ben great shock to ill» constitution. Ills bodily licaltli> had not been so "~ïïi «inT »ml he had not appeared so well fitted for business. fÄ the'¿ hU health' was In such » »tate U.at witness adÄl li« W ¿Ive up business. HI» arm (willoh was Injured by the a« dent) would not admit of his doing hard labour. He had aftw "lie accident been lu suoh a Tow state aa.to require SmtsUinulanU should bo administered for a con« derabló lime -for sovciïï months. This might have affectedhis mind. Ho had bec«riToustody.--Mr. Wallace stated that the prisoner had bTn in raolXcb tho IWth January. He was in a very weak sut" when.liT entered, and was »till very weak, though In better health hail when ho cntcrcd.-Dr. Glennie, rccaired, said ho ad ki»w» ti o prisoner for three or four years, aud tho obaractcr holhad >onic had been a good one. Ho liad kept a "X^KcTU «nuaded UU Tuesday morning, for aentonoe. OBTAININO GOODS ONDER rAME PHÏTEN0K5. Alexandor Gibson was Indicted for having knowingly and f^lv nretended to Henry Rourke that a bank cheque for AS VrTJä PdS bv himself (Gibson) on tho Dank of New South The prisoner having pleaded, the case oould not be PT«£^ with iu the abscnoe of a material witness, Mr. Hwttc, iiym ino bank Tho Attorney-General said that it was a common Im Am with wjUicsiesfrom the bank.i that theyjieed not;*. lend till sont for. Ho gave nouoe of ptaJBt6»ttonJ5.*Pw/ mmw*aUa«t» «f aU iitaifws »*»««*.»*. HW« time, should be estreated. He made that application In tho case of Mr. Swire, whose recognlzauces were estreated accord- ingly. CATTLE STEALING James Murphy was Indicted for stealing one cow, one heifer, and ono steer, the property of Julius M'lvee, at Glen Williams, on the 81st August, 18,17. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. Ho «iras defended by Mr. Ellis -, attorney, Mr. Chambers. The witnesses called were Dugald Cameron, William Hulnn, Patriok Barry, Michael Donohoe, Peter Connolly, and Julius M'Kee. McKee was a farmer living at Glen Williams, near Clarence Town. Ho had cattle running there, and branded J M on the off ribs. Before the Iail flood some of them were mt«ising. Three of thom had returned since. On a Monday morning lu September, Cameron met Murphy at Tumble Down Illidge, between Murphy's father's nineo ami Clarence Town. Murphy was then driving some cattle, princi- pally cows-ono a poley cow. Ho said that they were his, anti that ho had carno mun Dungog. He asked Cameron to help bim drlro thom to h s father's. Cameron did bo-, and on nnivlng there. Murphy (tim prisoner) killed one of tho cows, a block ono, branded JM, tho brand which wai also on some of tho other cattle. Cameron then wont away home, and Murphy «vent with the cuttle towards Seaham. About 3 or4 o'olook In Um afternoon of Monday the 7th September, Murphy carne to tho house of Huían, near Seaham, and asked him if he wanted any meat, saying ho had a cow ho could not drive. After some bargaining, lillian »greed toglvo £3 for her, and paid ilion account. Murphy sold he must be quick and kill her, or If she ?et outside, she would be oil; and having driven her luto fulan's yard, ho killed her, and then went away toivanls Seaham, »vltli other csttlo that he had. The cow Hulan bought was a black and white poley cow, with nomo red spots, but apparently nnbranded. Her skin was afterwards given up tothe constables. On tho 7th Septem- ber Harry bought a poley cow from Murphy at Donoghuo's, at Seaham, for £2 10s. ; Murphy killed the cow, and after a day or two Barry gave the hide up to tho constables. Tho oow was a red poley cow, but no brand was visible upon her When Murphy went to Donoghuo's, ho had three or four hoad of cat- tle with him. He offered Donoghue a steer tor £3. Donoghuc bought It, Murphy killed It, and tho next day tho Chief Con- stable of Clarence Town took away tho hide. Donoghuo did not see any brand upon the cattle On the 9th September Serjeant Connolly went to llulan's, Barry's, and Doiioghue's, and looked at tho hides of tho slaughtered beast. Ho afterwords went to Murphy about them, and Murphy said if they were the ones he soin, they had J M on them, and that was lils brand. Ho then examined tho hides, and said they were not tho ones he sold. He said lie had killed one co»v at hu father's. Tho hides were then fresh ; but some weeks after- wards the brand J M appeared on the hide obtained from Barry. Murphy's father s brand was J U.M. These hides were identified by McKee as tho hides of the three lost cattle, and he said that the brands on two of tlicin were visible, his recol- lection of the other being clear. Mr. Ellis addrosed the Jury in defence. Insisting upon the unsatisfactory nature of the evidence with respect to the identi- fication of tho cattle, the hides having been described both as branded and unbranded. His Honor summed up. The Jury, having inspected the hides, returned a verdict of guilty, but recommended the prisoner to mercy on account of his youth. (He was, apparently, of about twenty years of age.) From the depositions taken before the magistrates it appeared that Murphy, at his committal, had stated that the cattle had been collected by four other young men, with whom he had agreed to meet at a ocrtaln place and time. They had helped him to drive them to Tumble Down Bridge, after which he had sold the three, as stated, and had divided the proceeds with his companions. A letter from the magistrates stated the accusa- tion against the parties named was must probably untrue. The prisoner was then sentenced to Ave years on the roads. The court then adjourned till Tuesday (this) morning, at ten o'clock. 