PASTORAL LETTER ON. THE LATE DIS TURBANCES. IGNATIUS, DY THE GRACE OF GOD AND FAVOUR OF THE HOLY SEE, BISHOP OF GHATI ANOPLE, AND VICAR-APOSTOLIC OF HINDOSTAN, To the Clergy and Faithful committed to his Spiri tual care. — Health and Benediction. Beloved Brethren — With a heart heavily laden, and a spirit weighed down by affliction, we address you on this occasion. Ever since the memorable 11th May last we have longed for this opportunity of communing with you ; but so gigantic were the dimensions which public affairs assumed, with un exampled rapidity, that, however unwilling we might have been for a time to admit the magnitude of the evil, our illusions were soon dispelled in finding our communications completely obstructed. But, alas '. the evil is too palpable — the catastrophe has befallen us'; and we are now bemoaning the ruin and desolation by which an inscrutable Providence has permitted us to be overwhelmed. Events the most appalling have crowded fast upon each other, spreading fire and devastation over the land, and carrying death in its direst aspect into the bosom of peaceful families. Verily, we may say with the Prophet — ' The land mourneth, families and faini. lies apart, and their women apart.' — (Zi-.eh.,xii. 12.) Dreadful calamities, my brethren, have over whelmed our flock, both clergy and laity, and have weighed heavily upon our churches and institutions. Alas ! Antiochus entered proudly into our sanctuary, and took away the golden altar, and the candlestick of light, and the vessels thereof, and the table of proposition, and the pouring vessels, and the vials; and the veil, and the crowns, and the golden orna ment that was before the temple, and broke them all in pieces ! He made a great slaughter of men ; and there was great mourning in every place where he was. Every bride took up lamentation, and the bride that sat in the marriage bed mourned — for he fell upon the city suddenly, and struck it with great slaughter, and destroyed much people ; and he took the spoils of the city, and burnt it with fire, and threw down the houses thereof, and took the women captive, and the children and the cattle. And his followers seized a city with a great and strong wall, and with strong towers, and made it a fortress for themselves, and they fortified themselves therein, and they stored up armour and victuals, and gathered together the spoils of Jerusalem. And they shed innocent blood round about the sanctuary, and defiled the holy place. The sanctuary was made desolate like a wilderness ; her festival days were turned into mourning, her Sabbaths into reproach, her honours were brought to nothing. Her dishonour was in creased according to her glory, and her .excellency was turned into mourning. — (4 Mach., 1.) This description of the seizure of Jerusalem by Antiochus is not inapplicable to the remarkable event which will form an epoch in Indian history. The blasphemers of the name of Christ unfurled the standard of rebellion against the rulers of the land, and pillage, fire, and desolation followed in their footsteps. Holy temples have been plundered, sacred altars polluted, anointed Ministers slain, publie functionaries murdered, defenceless citizens massacred, matrons, damsels, and weeping babes barbarously butchered. Oh ! when we review the sad calamities from which, with God's blessings, we are just emerging, our heart fills to overflowing with inexpressible grief, and our whole nature shudders at the recollection. Among the first victims was our beloved Brother in Christ, Father Zacharias, Missionary at Delhi. This holy priest, distinguished for Christian simpli city and evangelical poverty, was the first who had been deputed, after an interval of sixty years, to es tablish a permanent mission to Delhi. While exert ing his best energies for the accomplishment of this object, he Heed, like a hermit of the olden times, in discomfort and privation. When the rebellion burst forth at Delhi, though warned by his servant of the danger, and advised to take refuge in the contiguous magazine, he refused, saying he woiild die in liis church. There the mutineers found him kneeling, with his crucifix clasped firmly in his hands. In that posture was he slain. His death was that of a Martyr. His blessed soul is now in glory. Our institutions at Sirdanah were the next to feel the sad effect of the military revolt. Our beloved missionary, Father Felix, together with the Nuns and children and the native Christians of the locality, were surrounded and assailed by an infuriated rab ble. For several successive days they suffered the most intense anxiety, momentarily expecting, a vio lent death, without the remotest prospect'bf rescue or escape. The courageous Priest had: assembled his flock on the roof of the church, and there, with the Blessed Sacrament in his hands, he poured into the hearts of all words of comfort and consolation. The finger of God was there indeed. Contrary to human expectation, and when the scene all around was one .of .desolation and death, He rescued His servants from the hand of the infidel. A party of a few private gentlemen from Meerut, touched with compassion for their isolated position,' bravely ven tured out, and conveyed them in safety to the station, on the sixth day of the revolt. God's providence and they be for ever blessed ! And here,' my bre thren, we desire to acknowledge publicly the debt of gratitude which we owe to the ladies and gentlemen of that station for their generous attention to the wants and necessities of the nuns and children under their charge, torn so unexpectedly and violently from their cherished home. While these events were filling our heart with Anguish the news reached us that our Missionary at Ferozepore had been in the greatest danger of being massacred, and that ouv chapel and chinch furniture were entirely destroyed. This was followed by the sad intelligence of the imminent peril to which our convent at Sealkote was exposed. On this occasion the intervention of God's providence was manifest. The rebels actually entered the premises, and over ran the convent, spreading dismay and terror among the inmates. The sacred virgins were more than once brought face to face witn the miscreants, and were followed by the fiends with drawn swords from room to room. But the presence of mind and un daunted convage of the Priest and Lady. Superioress, under God, preserved them unhurt in person, and free from violence and outrage. Priest, Nuns, and children escaped in a body into the open fields, where they wandered for some time under the scorching heat of the sun, till being met accidentally by a Chris tian spwar they were conducted to a neighbouring fort. On this occasion also the Priest had the fore sight to take with him the Blessed Sacrament. The mutineers asked what he carried in his hands ? and on being replied to 'that ' he carried his God,' they fell back with reverence, and did not dare to profane the consecrated species, though cupidity might have urged thorn to seize the silver pix in which they were preserved. Truly God was there! and when we consider that the assailants wore not villagers, hut mutinous soldiers, and that deeds of outrage and bloodshed were committed, that morning in Sealkote, the escape of defenceless Nuns will' be read with thankful admiration of God's providence in their regard. But the most appalling feature of the Indian re bellion was not yet conic — the massacre at Cawu pore. One thousand souls — men, women, mid chil dren — officers, soldiers, and civilians, — perished treacherously in cold blood, after undergoing incon ceivable horrors. Nature shudders at the recollec tion of this unheard-of tragedy ; tve shall spare your feelings, and refrain from reviewing it. With the European inhabitantsof Cawnpore, however, perished also one of our fellow-labourers in the vineyard, and beloved in Christ, the Rev. Joseph Rooney. He died in the faithful discharge of his duty, remaining to _ the last with the devoted garrison, and is now enjoying the reward of his labours. But, my brethren, we have sustained irreparable loss from the rebellion in the murder of the oldest Missionary, our beloved Brother in Christ, the Very Rev. F. Adeodatus. This amiable and venerable Priest had worked with success in this portion of Christ's vineyard for upwards of forty years, and was respected and beloved by his flock. The ur banity of his manners, and extensive acquirements, secured him the esteem of all, without exception j and Pagans called him their father and benefactor. But, alas 1 Lucknow, too, has distinguished itself for treachery and crime, and has not spared this aged and pious Priest. He was murdered in his own house. Our heart bleeds for this slaughtered fellow-labourer, and bemoaus his loss as one that materially affects this mission, for he had been our Vicar- General and good counsellor. May his blessed soul watch over this mission, and pray for its peace and stability. Many native Christians. of our flock have also fallen victims to the revolt. A large number, after experiencing barbarous treatment, weie murdered in cold blood in Delhi and Lucknow, though, so far as regards them, political motives there were none to urge on the guilty mutineers. About sixteen were massacred in Agra. 'Tis a subject of consola tion that there was no defection from the Faith, though these poor people were exposed to many temptations of perversion. And we, too, in Agra have not been exempt from the lot in which others shared so largely. ; From the time that the revolt broke out at Meerut ] we were kept in a state of constant alarm. At \ length, on the 5th of July, a battle was fought in the vicinity of the station. We had previously taken refuge in the fort, where we ate still living, uncer tain as. to when it may be deemed advisable to return to our ruined homes. Many have been our sufferings during this period; but what weighed heavily upon our hearts was, to witness the incon veniences of every kind to which our institutions were of necessity subjected. But God is good, and He gave them' patience, courage, and cheerful resignation, to enable them to undergo these trials with Christian fortitude. The loss, however, which has befallen us is incalculable. The churches and institutions which cost our predecessors so much anxiety, toil, and labour for nearly half a century were demolished in a night. The cathedral, Bishop's house, convent, college, male and female orphanages, the chapel and Priest's house, in the military cantonments, were pillaged, shattered, and fired ; even the sacred vestments and the whole of the church ornaments and furniture were carried of or destroyed. We have used our best efforts with the authorities for the preservation of what was most costly or valuable, but our applications for this purpose were unsuccessful. It was heartrending to look over the ramparts at the ruin that was going on ; even strangers to our religion could not witness the spectacle with dry eyes. Again, on the 10th October, another battle was fought, which saved us from the horrors of a siege. To these calamities others have been added. Three Nuns, the Rector of St. liter's College, and a lay brother have been hurried to a premature grave by disease ; general debility and sickness have prostrated our Clergy, Nuns, and children. O Lord ! Thou hast indeed chastised us in judgment, that we may not seem to ourselves inno cent. Thou hast wounded us with the wound of an enemy, with a cruel chastisement. Why should we weep for our afflictions ! For the multitude of our iniquities Thou hast done these things, and Thou, O Lord, wilt close up our scar, and wilt heal our wounds, because Thy enemy hath called Sion an outcast. Beloved brethren, the terrible calamities that have befallen us must not depress us. The children of the Gross must at all times be prepared to suffer perse cution. The mark by which we are characterised is besmeaved with blood ; nevertheless, the standard of Jesus Christ, though all covered with gore, will ultimately triumph. The Divine Founder of our religion was placed as a sign to be contradicted, and, therefore, every work that emanates from His spirit is destined to encounter discouragement and oppo sition. Yet, when we consider what the Missionaries, our predecessors, have done, the difficulties ovetcome, the obstacles surmounted, the dangers encountered, we possess a source for courage and a foundation for hopeful success ample and superabundant. The only thing required is devotedness and perseverance, an untiring zeal to promote God's honour and glory, a spirit of disinterestedness, and entire abnegation of self. This devotedness and spirit of abnegation have been manifested in many of our Clergy, who, like good shepherds, forgetful of themselves, have exposed their lives for their flocks. Of those in Agra some gave all they possessed for the subsistence of our large institutions ; others fearlessly trod the battle field to administer the last rites of the Church to our wounded soldiers ; and all sympathised heartily with the difficult situation in which we had been placed. They have our best acknowledgments and sincerest good wishes. Tlie Clergymen at Mus soorie, the Nuns, and the Catholic Chaplain atLan dour have also proved their attachment by offers of every kind, to support us in the hour of need and trial. Our sincere acknowledgments are also due to the Missionaries at Kussowlip and Subathoo, for their letters of condolence and offers of service, as also to those Missionaries in the Punjab, who came readily to the assistance of the. convent at Sealkote. May God be the reward of all. The Missionaries, however, whose services deserve acknowledgement in a particular manner, are our beloved Brothers in Christ, the Rev. Fathers Bertraud and Morin. The fotmer joined the camp before Delhi immediately on its formation, and underwent innumerable hardships and privations, riot only on his journey thither, but during the whole time of the siege, and remained there, after the capture of the city, with the hundreds of- sick in the military hospitals ; the latter accompanied the regiment from Jullniider, and united his services to those of his confrere until the capture of the place, when he returned to Jullunder in a feeble state of health. Their sufferings are recorded above ; the good work they performed will be their crown in time and eternity. These examples afford us comfort, and give us courage to hope well for the future. God is truly merciful. He never tries us above our strength, but, tempering the wind to the shorn lamb, fails not to pour into our afflicted hearts the balm of conso lation. Another trial we must not omit mentioning was the painful uncertainty we .laboured' under for a long time of the fate of the Clergymen at Cawnpore and Lucknow, and the utter impossibility, from the total obstruction of the roads, of sending a Priest to take charge of the European troops between the latter station and Allahabad. On the departure, however, of the moveablc: column from Agra we seized the opportunity of sending another Priest to Cawnpore, and the iirst dak carriages that left Agra for Meerut conveyed Priests to relieve the already exhausted Missionaries at Delhi and other stations. And now, beloved brethren, that the rebellion I seems to be coming to a close, must we not return I to God thanks warm and sincere for having pre served us from so many dangers, and lift up our voice in praising His Holy Name for ever and ever ? Oh! our gratitude ought to be deep and lasting; the gratitude of a contrite heart; that gratitude which will bring our.lives into harmony with the maxims and spirit of the Gospel. Then shall the' joyful promises made to Jerusalem be fulfilled also in us : — 'Now I will not deal with the remnant of this people according to the former days, saith the Lord of Hosts. But there shall be the seed of peace. The vino shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things. And it shall come- to pass, that as you were a curse among the Gentiles, O house of Judah and house of Israel, so will I save you, and you shall be a blessing ; fear not, let your hands be strengthened. For thus saith the Lord of Hosts : as I purposed to afflict you, when your fathers had provoked Me to wrath, and I had' no. mercy, so, turning again, I have thought it in these days to do good to the house of Judah and Jerusalem ; fear not.'— (Zach., viii.) We feel confident, beloved brethren, that the late calamity will be productive of much good. Look over the history of the Church, and say by what means has the Almighty, in every age, given to it those spiritual conquests over unbelieving nations which mark the great epochs of its existence ? Was it not in trouble, affliction, temporal suffering and persecution, that the Church has always prospered ? Such was its lot in the first establishment, and such has it been ever since. When God designs to give to His Church a large accession of streugth and members, He almost invariably prepares the way by some untoward circumstance, disturbance, cala mity, or social convulsion, thereby attracting the at tention of mankind, and insuring, amidst defamation, outrage, and scorn, a multitude of attentive listeners, who went to witness the conflagration out of curiosity, and come away wiser men, illuminated by fire from Heaven. AVhatever temporary tribulation the Church may have to sustain, ultimate success and triumph are guaranteed to her. The powers of tho earth, and the wisdom of the world, infidelity, schism, and heresy, have successively assailed her ; but, shattered by the chock, they have as successively disappeared from the stage, whilst she continues her beneficent career, unchanged and unchangeable, triumphant and fresh from the vigour of youth. Vividly has the royal Prophet predicted of her, ' Often have they fought against me from my youth, hut they could not pre vail over mo.' — (Psalms, exxviii.) And Isaias— ' No weapon that is forged against her shall prosper, and every tongue that resisteth thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. The children of them that afflict thee shall come bowing down to thee, and all that slander thee shall worship the steps of thy feet, and shall call the City of the Lord the Sion of the Holy One of Israel !!'— (Is., ix. 14.) ? Addressing you on this eventful occasion, beloved ' broturun, wa cannot but remind you of the immense losses which this mission has sustained, and the pressing wants of our institutions. Eight churches, with the Priest's house annexed, have been either pillaged, burnt, or otherwise so much injured, as to be unserviceable ; the convents at Agra and Sealkote, with the boarding schools attached, are in the same condition, as also St. Peter's College, and the three orphanages at Agra. Then, how are we to supply the place of our slaughtered fellow-labourers ? The passage from Europe, for one, is, as you are aware, very expensive ; yet three have been murdered, one has died, and many more are necessary to meet in creasing requirements. If we had at all times asked of your charity, we are under greater necessity of doing so now. We exhort all, then, Clergy and Faithful, to come forward with renewed zeal and j generosity, to emulate the bright example of the brethren who have preceded us in the good work, and to demonstrate that the Catholics of India have lost nothing of the self-devoting energy which dis tinguishes their countrymen at home. Strenuous exertions must be made to repair our heavy losses. Zeal and perseverance, however, on the part of the collectors, resolution and energy on that of the Clergy in organising and supporting them in the meritorious task, will leave no room to doubt of ulti mate success. The smallest contribution will be gratefully received. In some stations the collections will not be large ; they will, however, in the present times, when so many families and individuals have baen ruined, speak trumpet-tongued for the piety of the donors. The mite of the widow of Sarepta was as acceptable in the eyes of God, as the rich presents and splendid gifts of the King of Israel. | We say no more, beloved brethren ; only we urge you by the love you bear to the Church of God, by the zeal you have always manifested for the faith delivered to the Saints, by the charity which burns within you for the souls redeemed hy the Blood of Jesus Christ, that you be instant in these good works, and be faithful to the Pastors who break to you the Bread of.Life, and that you forget not our trials, our solicitude, and our labours for you. If wo love Our Lord Jesus Christ, we shall love His Church, and desire to share in her labours and sufferings ; we shall find it sweet to deprive ourselves for her sake. We shall delight in the Lord and do good, and He will give us the petition of our hearts. We shall give to him, and He will repay. We shall see the power of God exalted among His people, and the borders of His kingdom enlarged, and His reign extended over many souls that now in ignorance gainsay His truth. The grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ, the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen. + Ignatius. Agra Fort, 24th Sunday after Pentecost, 15th November, 1857. The following is au extract from a letter written by JVf. De Bannoroi, a Fronch physician in tho sorvice of Mussur Rajah, and published in Le Pays (Paris Paper), under the date of Calcutta, Oct. 8: — 'I give you tho following account of the relief of Lucknow, as described by n lady, one of the rescued party : — ' On every side death stared us in the face 5 no human skill eould avert it any longer. .We saw the moment approach when we must bid farewell to earth, yet without feeling that unutterable horror which must have been experi enced by tho unhappy victims at Cawnpore. We wero resolved rather to die than to yield, and were fully persuaded that in twenty-four hours all would be over. The engineers had said so, nnd all know the worst. We women strove to encourage each other, and to perform the light duties which had been assigned to us, such as conveying orders to the batteries and supplying the men with provisions, especially-cups of coffee, which we prepared . day and night. I had gone out to try and make myself useful, in company .with Jessie Brown, the wife of a corporul in my husband's regiment. Poor Jessie had been in 11 state of restless excitement, all through tho siege, and had fallen away visibly within tho last few days. A constant lever con sumed lie:-, untl her mind wandered- occasionally, O3peoially that day, when the reccolleetions of homo seemed powerfully present to hor. At last, over come with fatigue, sho lay down on the ground wrapped up in her plaid. 1 sat beside her, promising to awaken Inn* when, as she saicl, ' her father should return from the ploughing.' She fall at length into a profound slumboi1, motionless, and, apparently, breathless, hor head resting in my lap. I myself could no longer resist the inclination to sleep, in spite of the continunl roar of the cannon. Sud denly f was aroused by a wild unoai'thly scream closo to my ear ; my companion stood upright bjsido mo, hor arms raised, and her head bent forward in tho attit.ude of listening. v A look of intense delight broke over her countenance ; she grasped my hand, drew me towards her, and exclaimed, ' Dinmi yo hear it? diniia ya hoar it? Ay, I'm no dreumin', it's tho slogan o' tho Highlanders ! We're saved ! wer'e saved !' Then, flinging herself on her knees, she thanked God with passionate fervour. I felt utterly bowildered : ray English ears heard only tho roar of artillery, and I thought my poor Jessie was still raving, but she darted to tho batteries, and I heard her cry incessantly to tho men, ' Courage, courago! hark to the slogan — to the Macgrcgor, tlie grandest of them n\ Here's help at last!' To describo the effect of rheso words would be impos sible. Fora moment they ceasod firing, and cvory soul listened in intense anxiety. Gradually, how ever, there aroso a murmur of bitter disappoint ment, and the wailing of tho women who had flocked to the spot burst out anow as tho colonel shook his head. Our dull lowland cars heard nothing but tho raltlo of tho '.musketry. A few moments inoro oi this deathlike suspense, of this agonising hope, and Je3sio, who had again sunk on tlio ground, sprang to hor feet, and cried in n voice so clear and piercing Uuit it was hoard along tho 'whole lino — 'Will ye no believe it 1100 ? The slogan has cpased indeed, but the Campbells are comin' ? D'yo hoar, d'ye hear ?' At that moment we seemed indeed to hour the voice of God in tho distance, when the pibrooh of tho Highlanders brought us tidings of deliverance, for now there was no longer any doubt of tho fact. That shrill, penetrating, ceaseless sound, which rose above nil other sounds, could come neither from the advance' of the enemy nor from tho work of the Sappers. No, it was in deed the blast of the Scottish bagpipes, now shrill nnd harsh, as threatening vengeance on the foe, then in softer tones sueming to promise succour to their friends in need. ' Never surely was there such a scone as that which followed. Not a heart in tho Residency of Luoknow but bowed itself before God. AH, by one simultaneous impulse, fell on their knees, und nothing was heard but bursting sobs and the inurirmred voice of prayor. Then all arose, and thero rang out from u thousand lips a great shout of joy which resounded far and wide, and lent new ?vigour to that blessed pibrooh. To' oxir'uhoor of 'God save tho Queen,1 they ropliod by the well known strain that moves every Scot to tears, ' Should auld acquaintance bo forgot,' &c.; After that, nothing else made any impression on me. I scarcely remembered what followed. Jessie was presented to the G-enoral on his entrance into tlie fort, and at tho officers' banquet her health was drunk by all present, whiio the pipers marched round the table playing once moro tho familiar air of 'Auld lang syno.1 ' — Jersey, Times, Sec. 10. Tenant Right. — We believe that mea sures are about to bo taken to convone, cai'ly in Jauuary, a lnoeting of the Liberals of Longford in favour of Tonant Kiglit. Recent evictions in this county, and the nurahor of notices to quit, served within the last three niont hs — imperatively domaiid I exposure, and demonstrate the necessity for a do termiuod Tenant Right movement. The Everard caaein England, nnd tho evictions in the Highlands of Scotland on the Sutherland estates, have created considerable excitement in tho sister kingdom?. Those casos will, doubtless, bo brought boforo par liament early in tho session — and we know of cases in Longford and Leitrim, compared with which, for oppression, cruelty, and injustice, tho English and Scotch ensos sink into absolute insignificance. Redress, surely, cannot bo oxtonded to English and Sootch tenants, and be denied to the moro wronged tenantry of Ireland. — Midland Counties Gazette. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bank of Ireland a dividend of six per cent, was declared, leaving ^23,000 to bo added to the rest. The latter figures show that the directors could easily have made the same dividend as last year, 61 per cent., but, as they cannot hope to escape some bad debts, they have followed a more prudent course. We rather think we are correct in saying that the divi dend of 12$ per cent., which has been paid in1 the last year wholly out of the year's profits, is the largest earned since the establishment of the bank. The report was most gratifying. — Droghedd Jlrgiis. 