THE MUTINY EST INDIA. Oar Indian dates are to tue 4th May. The records of the iusurrectJonaiy movements and those of our troops are scattered in saeh a desultory manner throughout the Calcutta journals, that it is with some difficulty we can make out anything like a connected statement of affairs. The fallowing summary of the leading events is from the Friend of India of April 29: The facts of the week are generally mi pleasant. General Walpole, in the North, has suffered a severe repulse, repaired by a subse quent victory; .while Eoer Singh, in the South, has obtained a temporaiy advantage. Oh the 15th, General Walpole with his brigade attacked a place called Soowa, to the north-east of Lucknow, on the road to Ailigunge. The fort is a mud affair, defended by a deep fosse in front, but exposed to an enemy in rear. General Walpole had with him a. magnificent brigade, Her Majesty's 42nd, 79th, and 93rd, the 9th Lancers, the 4th Sikhs, the 11th Sikhs, the 2nd Punjab Cavalry, Tombs's troop of Horse Artil lery, and four heavy guns. Confident in the strength of this force, General Walpole, it is Baid, declined even to make reconnoissance, called back the 2nd Punjab Horse - who gone out for that purpose, and sent the 42nd Highlanders up to the fosse. They could not pass the ditch, and were shot in numbers. Kegiment after regiment seemB to have been ordered up, the mwi falling fast, with no guns to support them. At last night and a sandstorm coming on together, the retreat was sounded, and the force regained its camp, having eight officers, 50 Europeans, and 50 natives killed or wounded. Among the killed were Brigadier the Hon. As Hope, Colonel Douglas, and Lieutenant Bramly of the 42nd, Lieutenant Willoughby of 11th Punjabees, Lieutenant Harrington and Mr. Sperling of the ? Artilleiy severely wounded. The affair was terrible, and in the night the enemy escaped with their baggage. It was then discovered that the fort on the other side was perfectly accessible. Three days after General Walpole appears to have moved to Soorsah, where ha encountered and defeated a body of rebels. They fled, having lost some 500 men and 10 pieces of artillery. It will be remembered that the rebels driven out of Azimghur divided into three bodies. One headed by Eoer Singh, containined 2,009 sepoys of the 7th, 8th and 40th XUgiments, two guns Sir E. Lugard having captured the remainder- and 34 elephants, the ani mals, we presume, which were stolen by die mutinous companies of the 82nd. Brigadier Douglas was dispatched in pursuit, bat he was embarrassed by the diffieulfcywhich has impeded so many of our operations. It is useless to send cavaliy alone against'these men who pick them off from small thickets which the horse men cannot enter. The infantry cannot catch. them, more especially as from the desolation of the countiy and the fright of the villagers they must carry their provisions with them. Brigadier Douglas, for instance, had ten days' rations in store, but by desperate exertions he came up with the enemy on the hank. The two guns asd four elephants were taken, some 200 men were killed, and Eoer Singh himself lost an arm. The great body of the insurgents, however, crossed, and their leader, "influenced probably by the .instinct which makes every native convict ran to his own village^ made for his estates. There he was on the 22nd April attacked by 200 of H.M.'s 35th, put of the garrison of Arrah. They were warned, we ere assured, by Mr. Bamudls to remain where tbay were till Brigade? Ppnglas could come up, bat other counsels or the instinct of soldiership prevailed. They attacked with a few Sikhs under circumstances still unexplained, and were repulsed, with the loss ef Captain Le Grand in command, Lieutenant Massey, Di\ Clarke,and Lieutenant Waller, and we fear a very large portion of their strength. They retreated on Arrah, and remained up to the last advices in the entrenchment. Brigadier Douglas was in close pursuit, but though six days havo elapsed no telegram from Fatna has been pub lished. We would for the last time remonstrate wife Government on the impolicy of withholding bad news. The practice throws discredit on all the telegrams, and increases the public excitement to an absurd extent. To hear the= rumours on Saturday yon would think all Beharbad been lost. The victory of General Walpole is carefully reported. Tho repulse is as carefully concealed. The result is a general distrust, far more injurious than any extent of frank discussion. Omne ignotum pro malefica has been the rule with large bodies of men since hiBtoiy began. The ghost touched is only white linen, and the dismay created by these reports is due entirely to official mystery, is either disaster is of tbe smallest consequence in a political point of view. General Walpole lost men ; but his subsequent success was not thereby interrupted. Captain LeGrand lost men, but Koer Singh cannot raise Behar. Evcn the Besliarees can hardly have forgotten tlie style in which Major Eyro with 250 mm hunted him out of the province. Further north Bcnda is said to have beer* reoccupied by General Whitlock, and Brigadier Jones's Roliilcund Brigade opened campaign, defeating tho enemy in a skirmish near Hurdwar. The Commander-in-Chief is on his way to the scene of action, and the pro vince will soon be entered from aU points. The Nana is said to be in command at BareiUy, but we are suspicious of the statement, as tho Mus sulman feeling in Bareilly has always been' marked. It is more probable that he will fay to join liis brother, who with nearly 12,000 men lies at Culpee threatening the passage of Sir Hugh Hose. Events on the Bombay side are'ljy no means clear. it appears certain, however, that the troubles in Northern Candeisli are of some im portance. In two different actions we have lost 90 men, natives, and the loss of "the rebels ifl estimated at 1,100. There must be force enough, however, in Bombay to put down any probable disturbance. Nearly 10,000 Euro peans must have landed in the'Presidency. The convict settlement on the Andamans for the sepoys has been 'exposed to some of tho dangers incidental to such an experiment. OF the 300 men sent, 150 were located on Boss Island, and the remainder on Chatham Island. Thirty-two of the men from Rosa Island escaped to the mainland, and were pursued by the sailors in boats, who, sifter some days, only obtained a glimpse of them in the distance^ Ten days afber, one man came in half, starved*, and covered with loathsome ticks. He said the party had been incessantly attacked by the natives, and that he had seen plains and large villages in tbe interior. The last statement is probably a falsehood, but it is satifl factoiy to know the islanders are as hostile to 6epoys as to Europeans. One sepoy xefiised to work,-and called on bis comrades to refuse . also. He was immediately shot, and the mutiny quelled. Another hung himself rather than work, and two more have died. Such, difficulties were to bs expected, and if Dr. Walker will but enforce discipline, malting the lash the invariable penalty of resistance, the men must yield. large bodies [of men never long resist inevitable punishment, and even' laziness, which among certain classes in India is a passion rather than a penchant, yields to mo derate pain inexorably inflicted. There should be no capricious tyranny, but pun should follow on resistance as certainly as o disobedience to natural law. The following is from the Friend of India of the 22nd April: Azimghur has been relieved, and by the last accounts Kooer Singh and his fol lowers were in full flight towards Goruck pore. On the 5th April Lord Mark Kerr, with 400 of H.M.'s 13th and 60 of the Queen's Bays, arrived from Benares within a few marches of Azimghur. He had with him a large convoy of ammunition and supplies, the - Commander-in-Chief liaving ordered that the fort should be held strictly on the. defensive. The rebels, aware of his approach, threw them selres across the road, with a village on one hand and a ditch on the other. They were at tacked on the 6th, and after a sharp cannonade driven out of their position. The convoys however, was attacked during the action, and the defenders weak in numbers suffered severely We lost one officer, and some thirty eight men wounded, but Azimghur was relieved. On the 11th Sir E. Lugard who had quitted the direct road to cross the Goomtes at a more con venient spot, encountered the enemy at Juan pore. The men were tired, but the cavalry attacked and captured two guns. The road being thus cleared, on the IStti he turned the town and expelled she sepoys. They retreated in excellent order, and though pursued for lt> miles suffered little. They have retired, ac cording to the Governor-General's telegram,, on Ghoosee, a point due east of Azimghur, whence they can march north-east to Goruck pore, or south into Behar. They will be, we hope, somewhat sharply pursued, and not withstanding their extraordinary speed-a speed which in our service they never dis played- they ought not to escape the Sikh Light Horse. The relief is im portant, but it would be gratifying to hear even occasionally of the destruction of the rebels. They are everywhere defeated, but everywhere escape. They escaped from Delhi,, from Lucknow, from Eotah, from Jhansi (partially), and now from Azimghur, and wg have no certainty that they will not escape also from Bohilcund. We have yet, it would appear, to organize a light European caValiy* mounted on beasts good for something beyond a charge, and capable of marching SO miles a day for a week on end. No despatches have yet been published for Jhansi, but the Englishman contains a most spirited account of the operations. It appears that the relieving force exceeded twenty thou sand, commanded by a brother of the Nana, a man apparently of some military skill. The great attack was delivered on the 2nd April, one division of the enemy assailing Sir Hugh Sose in front, and the other in rear. After a brislc cannonade, duringwhichfhe rebels displayed un wonted firmness, the horse artillery and cavalry came to the front, and tho cavalry charged. The sepoys threw themselves into squares,, and repulsed two successive charges. A third, however, delivered at once on the flsnlr and front made them waver, and they retreated in confusion. They, however, made another stand, but were again driven into flight, and in the attempt to cross the river hundreds were drowned. The other division was less successful.. They had the river.to cross, and were changed, by 86th, who with some 40 dragoons drove them again apparently across the river. Next day nothing was done, but on the 3rd the order was given for the assault. The city was attacked on all sides, and in spite of ladders breaking, and the desperate resistance of the enemy, we succeeded in the escalade. So desperate, however, was the struggle that only one officer of the SSili escaped unwounded* The Palace, defended by some 3,000 men, was -next.carried, but as the 86th eatered, the sepoys, who throughout displayed the courage of desperation, blew up the magazine; Eve officers killed, 20 wounded, and some 20(1 men made up the heavy loss of the three days. Nearly 3,000 of the enemy have been killed, and enormous plunder was abandoned. Tho fort fell the next day, and the Banee .escaped with 2,000 followers, and flung herself across the Culpee-road, The remainder of the garri son have also retreated to Culpee, and the number is estimated officially , at 12,000 pre pared to resist attack. The affair appears to have been singularly well conducted, and Sir Hugh Sose deserves thi* high put/wmmenflataon.. With less than 8,000 men he in three days de feated an army four times his own, took their guns, carried a walled city by escalade, and slewa number of the enemy nearly equal to his own. No news has yet been received from Bohil cund, but die attack seems a certainty. The only discouraging news of the week » the enormons increase in the levies. , We wo old call the earnest attention of the Gover nor-General to the extraordinary numbers, all of one class, now bong armed and trained under various denominations. His Lord ship cannot surely .be aware of the total number of - levies, horse, police and divi sional police, now' iathe field, all of otb all widely different - fjroin Binii-and all, at all events, not Englishmen. ^Jtistha question of all others Trhich jpost demands nia attention, and which involves tin higheefc responsibility. 