MEETING OF THE PROVINCIAL COUN CIL OF BALTIMORE. On Sunday, the 2nd May, the Ninth Council of the Proyincftof Baltimore was opened in the Metropolitan Church of this city. The evening previous, at 6 o'clock, the bells of the various Catholic churches were rung to announce its ap proaching commencement. About the sam'e hour, the first convocation of attending prelates was held in the archiepiscopal residence, for the pnr Doses of making tbo preliminary arrangement, ind of selecting the officers usually appointed on such' occasions. At ten o'clock on Sunday morn ing, the Prelates, Superiors of religious societies, -nd Divines, together with a great number of clergymen from the city and other parts of the province, assembled at the Archbishop's house. A procession was there formed for the purpose of moving to the Cathedral, It was composed of sanctuary boys, ecclesiastical students from the seminary of St. Sulpice, priests according to pri ority, the chosen theologians, heads of religious communities, suffragan Bishops, and finally, the Most Rev. Metropolitan and his official attendants. Each was appropriately vested according to bis ecclesiastical rank. The procession passed round the southern part of the Cathedral enclosure, aver a beautiful green coat of grass, until it reached the front door of the church. The long drawn line of the clergy,' the pleasing variety of costume, and the continued singing of canticles -ind psalms, all made a favourable and deep im pression ou the vast multitude of faithful who had gathered there to witness it. Immediately after reaching the sanctuary, the Archbishop assumed the pontifical vestments, and commenced a Mass of the Holy Ghost. Very Rev. H. B. Coskery, V. G , was assistant priest ; Rev. Stanislaus Ferte was master of ceremonies. Beethoven's Grand Mass was sung by the choir in u most ad mirable manner, and with great power and effect. Right Rev. Dr. Magill was the preacher selected for the occasion. His subject, very properly, was the Authority of. the Church. For one hour and a half he commanded the attention of bis audience by the clear and masterly manner in which he conducted his argument. The Most Reverend Archbishop laid aside the vestments of Mass, and clothed with red cope, and bearing the pastoral staff, and with his attendants knelt there while the Antiphon ' Exaudi' was intoned. Afterthe singing of the 68th psalm, the Metropolitan recited the usual prayers. Then the Litany of the Saints was sung and the prescribed prajer and Gospel. All now kneeling, joined in the invocation of the Holy Ghost in the usual hymn of the Church ; and then .the Metropolitan addressed the regular allocution to the assembled Council. After this the Prelate of the Province renewed the solemn Profession of Faith. The officers of the Council were then announced publicly ; and the Most Rev. Archbishop having given the Pontifical Benedic tion, the first public session closed. The private meetings of the prelates for the transaction of business commenced at 9 o'clock on Mondav morning in the Library of the Archiepiscopal re sidence. The Most Rev. Archbishop of Baltimore presides as Metropolitan at the Conferences of the Bishops. The results of the deliberations of the Bishops will appear in the decrees to be published at the close of the Council. Executive business is aUo considered in the private sessions relating to the nomination of Bishops and the election of new Sees. We understand that all the Sees of this province are now filled, and it is not contem plated to create any new diocese. In the afternoon, at four o'clock, the public congregations of the Council met in the cathedral with closed doors. They were attended by the officials aud prelates together with the theologians. AH the questions to be decided by the Bishops are considered at these public meetings. The clergy are invited to express their views with perfect liberty, and to submit suggestions as their learning and expe rience enable them to offer. A second public session 'was held on Thursday. There was! 'a so lemn High Mass offered up for the repose of the souls.of the deceased Prelates of the Province?' All the clergy assembled -at the Archbishop's residence, and at ten o'clock proceeded to the Ca dral, where divine service commenced. Right Rev. Bishop Verot celebrated the Mass ; Rav. Benedict Mndeore vfras assistant priest. The ser tmm on the occasion was delivered by the Rev. Edward J. Sourin, S. J., who for about half an hour entertained the faithful on the subject of. The Church as the Kingdom of Gud. The sermon and the service for the departed Bishops being ended, the second public session was opened and conducted with the usual ceremonies. — Bal- timore Catholic Mirror. 