THE MABRIAGE OF THE FBIXCESS BOYAL. The marriage of the Princess Royal with Prince Frederick WUilam of Prussia was celebrated on Monday, the 25th January.- with all the splendonr of modern state ceremonial, lire London journals, Cram which we compile the following acconnt, tell xts that die day was eTen more centrally kept as a holiday by til classes ia the metropolis than had been expected, and that the crowds that collected in the park and the vicinirv of the palace were immense, thnngh there was little outdoor pageantry. A transient glimpse of the n-v-l party and foreign -guests was all that conld be obtained, yet the event excited interest enongfa to keep those tbons.-iad9 together for many hoars. Loug before the day had dawned, streams' of jWestrians had set in ia die direction of St. James's Park, and great numbers of persons were on the ground as early as four or fire ? IB the morning. A cola frosty fog.«nd a keen biting \- atmosphere rendered it farfrom pleasant to the knots of loiterers who hovered about the neighbourhood of ' Buckingham Palace. The morning advanced, and ? ? thfc day declared itself fine. As the sun rose the crowd thickened, till at length the park was literally thronged. Not a foot of space between the gates of -Buckingham Palace and the Chapel Royal (St. ' James's) was without its tenant : and np to about en hour before the royal party left the palace for St. ?James's all the features of 'an ordinary fcdr were observable. There were venders «f wriee nuts. *)Mu2ges. and sweets ia abundance ; and itinerant l^iTlsa-singers chaining odes upon the liappy event. ?One msn stood upon a four4egged stool, and, un -eovered, addressed the people aronnd him. assuring \- them that he could dispose to them, at one peony rach, the lore-letters of Prince Frederick and the Trincess Royal. Id the immediate jwightKHirhood ^against the enormous masses witir^rriSch they had feoottena1; asd when the advance -of the leading troops of -the escort announced -the approach of the royal parry, it was with ttie utmost difficulty that « passage could he kept .for the royal carriiges. -and *bis was only done by the aid of the Life Guards and the mounted police. . Tbe outdoor procession was inferior to what may be seen in London every year at the opening of par liament, and as only a Tcry few of the spectators .conld catch a glimpse of it as it rapidly passed along. the cheering was not enthusiastic The bridal pro cession consisted of upwards of twenty carriages. — First came tbe Princess of Prussia.' the Duke of Baxe-Coburg. the Princes Frederick Charles. Frede rick Albert, and Adalbert of Prussia, the Trince of HonenzoUern-Sigmaringcn. the Duke of Brabant, 'the Count of Flanders, and their respective suites, in «oaches drawn each by two horses. After a Eaort interval followed the bridegroom in a state carriage drawn by four black hones. His Royal Highness -was escorted by a detachment of Life Guards and attended by the gentlemen of bis suite. The re quiring Coaches were occupied by her Majesty, the Prince Consort, tbe bride, tbe Prince «f Wales, and *be«ther members of the royal family. Her Majesty ADflrthe Princess Envoi lode together in a carriage flrewu tj ereRm-coioored horses, and the cheers which greeted their appearance were prolonged. A Strong detachment of the life Guards closed the procession. 8T. JAStEs'8 TAULCC. The royal party alighted at tbe garden entrance of St. James's Palace, where a temporary colonnade or ? covered way had been constructed, under which the carnages drove, and from which the royal parry **?*? tne P*1*?15- *tere *e decorations were **? . ?»« «-y exquisite taste. The interior of the T*nst i was lined with scarlet and purple cloth pavfco. drapery was arranged in elegant folds ?n-1'™' - opening at either end. The slender ?IP/''1 *?? supported the roof were connected by pillars «b*ek .. of noiiy- g^,.,, fmz^ Mld Unri£ gartanus-loioaea -.u pendants composed of tendrils \- tinas in flower, -. streamers of a,^^ o{ ^ ? of.jy. Aknot^itt . -^ the rillnds ovcr * land and P'»»f «'*i ntrance to tbe palace was ?^T^ft^oVleaiet flo -er* ?»* benics.com wSdnMOOins lay invitingly open fa i th- - nght and left ™ which such of the com* attendants as were ^nw^nthe^inTrthTs^^^?^™f«i« the staircase, newly carpeted in -a^n^^-al'a; tastefullvdecorated with crcepiug plants. fflterworan with roses and cameliss. At the top on the nglit was the bride's boudoir, sparkling in white and gold, its walls furnished with costly miro«. and jts toilet table draped in ffoniton bee, aud Gosibed with regal magnificence. The various apartments through which the pro cession passed, the throne room. Queen Anne's room, the colonnade, the tapestry chamber, the armoury, the colour court, &c;_ were also most beautifully ?decorated with bridal favours, palm-leaves, creeping plants, beds of flowers, set in moss, _c &c.; ? From an early hour in the morning all these royal apartments and their intervening galleries were the \- scenes of continuous bustle and excitement. Groups of magnificently-dressed ladies might be seen rush ' ing abont everywhere, ticket in hand, and appealing ito impassive masters of the ceremonies. The colour ?court, which admitted morning costume, was soon packed with human heads : and Queen Anne's room, the tapestry chamber, and the armoury, rapidly filled with their more elaborately costumed occuptnts. The ladies who occupied tbe seats in these apart -ments were for the greater port in tbe bloom of youth; they were in fall court dress, and the dazzling effect of ibeir jewels »iid fearliers. tiii-ir bilks and laces, but above all. their nttural-efcarms. may easily be imagined. They — iee as each ?procession (tbe bridegroom's, the Quetn'x. and the bride's) passed Before tfet!O», and did homage to it by a deep obei sance. Most of the gentlemen present wore a mili ? -tary or naval uniform, and tbe flashing of swords asd tbe glitter of gold laec added yet another feature nf brilliancy to the scene. Tbe greatest portion of the spectator who were admitted by tickets within Hie palace were accom modated in the colonnade, «loiig which die three processions passed from the state rooms to tbe chapel. - Tbe prevailing style nf dress was befitting « -bridal; there were so many white bonnets and gauzy veils that it might have been supposed a large Dumber of brides had been dispersad among the spectators. There were singularly few gentlemen ; parties had evidently been made -op with only the indispensable amount of male escort. Tbe scene, therefore, was all colour, tier on tier, like a brilliant dope of -flowers. The spaces between tbe pillajs of tbe -colonnade were hung with leaves «f ivy, holly, and other evergreens, fastened with rosettes and ?Streamer* of white sating the opposite wall was -similarly decorated, with -the addition of bouquets of palm leaves and flowers. Beneath every rosette ?was the plume and helmet of a tall guardsman, also his coirass. and finely his brfbuS-tbe red coat iwaJjOltmt merged inii'the^aij^diapery behind hSw^ ? ' — . e . : . . ' «BS .CHAPEL ROYAL. Tbe entnaee -to the Chapel Hoyal : was in the Am bassador's Court, fronting the windows from which 'her Majesty «vas proclaimed in Jnne, 3837. Beyond this doooMy is the psssage, or ante-chppel, as it is «alled, hat -which is nothing more nor less than a tall passage, low in height and mean in width. A door ob -the left opens direct upon an apartment, tiehheor Song nor high, a narrow gallery running along «ach side, every spot occupied with crimson \- seata, snd the whole nf its small interior dressed with crimson velvet and gold. This is the Chapel 'BoyaL ft has nndcrgone manv changes and altera -tiom since Holbein built it for'Henry Till. It has ?'been a Boman Catholic Chanel, a Protestant Chapel. ?then a store-room, then a gnardroom. then a Pro testant Chapel again, and lastly^* Chape! Boyal. But the changes for the present occasion have altered its internal aspect quite as much as any of tbeae vicissitudes conld have done. Wren mnrried his second wife here, and thns inaugurated its long .list of nuptials of Hlustrious personages. Among all the alteration* which ths Chapel Boyal ?has undergone, those which wen made for this ceremonial are br no means among the least. The interior of the building looked not only rich, but aj 'nost spacions. and as if it- really was meant to accommodate a nnmher of visitors. Theojd high im were entirely , swept away, «oda«DmcientJy irori path left on the centre «f -the building frnm the doorway to the altar. On either aide of this. risiBgime above the other, were four rows ofstth. covered wjtfr crimson ana bordered «ith ^oH lace. ? Theae aeaoonrodated ISO persons— *be genflemen beiirr anowed -a apace of twenty Inches, aad the kdk* two feet. The Utter indolgenoo. however, as H tmneaout, was* moat feehle«od inadequate eon eecak»-tDaie&ahiotts;«ftheday^Ba great vu^he ?trogriing, and grievous the injury to the robes of ?tatayfcefora tbe Udie* could reduce themselves to the ncmired standard. Above time seats, and ?Jon* the walls at each aHe, at ahoot eight feet 3' from the ground, two richly adorned galleries had been erected. The cornice of the galleries was or namented with a handsome scroll-woi-k of caned oak in keeping with the rest of the chapel: light blue and gold columns supported them in the' front, and from the spandrils of the arches sprung gold headings, marking the outline of the whole in the most tasteful manner. Ovcr each column was a shield, with tbe royal cipher surmnnnted with the Crown, and a light handsome railing of blue and gold closed the whole in front. These galleries held on the wedding-day, when full, rather less than a hundred and fifty peers and peeresses, making the total number ef seated visitors who could witness the ceremony from all parts of the chapel, notquite three hundred. Nevertheless, twelve places wi-re set apart fi.r the representatives of the press. Those seats n-eiv among the best iu the chapel : and cor responded on one side of the chapel with those occu pied by most of her Majesty's ministers on the other. According to a popular court fiction, however, no reporters were supposed to be present, tier Ma jesty's pew, over the entrance, was richly dressed and decorated anew for tbe accommodation of the corps diplomatique. At the upper end nf the chapel, round the haul pai and altar, all the vails hod been hung with tbe richest crimson silk velvet with a deep and massive bullion fringe. The altar -nns draped in tlie same style, and a beautiful semi- circular communion rail runs round the whole. The ramtnnnion-table was heightened to bear the gold plate, which shows gorgeously upon tbe crimson velvet. Bound the altar on the right and left forty or fiftv majmificent settees tn crimson and gold were carefallr arranged. A low chair of state on the left, with five little stools, ; twif at one side, and three at the other, sbstred at once where her llajcstv would sit. EUrroundeJhvher , JOTal children. - '. .' .tt- ' .* ?'. _.. ; \-- it wu-uaJonncrd t5iat *e aobra^a,e efrrpol wen . not f o be opened before ten o'clock, buVtKere wa« no occasion to adhere to this rule very rigtaiy, since none of the visitors who had tickets 'for the interior presented themselves till after the appointed time. The visitors came in slowly at first, but before twelve o'clock every place was filled, save those re served for the royal actors in the ceremonial, and their suites. Tiie fcosy hum of snhAued laughter, and constant conversation arose from every part of the little building, feathers waved, and diamonds glittered, and the whole sccuo was one of indescrib able animation and brilliancy. The dresses of the peeresses who occupied all the front seats of the galleries, though crushed and crumpled so that even the most penetrating of court milliners could not have recognised them, were in themselves a pageant, and one which for variety and effect in colour is seldom eecn. We need not eunmeratethe company; enough, that they comprised three h&ndrcd; of tha most distinguished personages in the realm. THE PBOCESStOV. It is now past twelve o'clock (sirs the Timct' reporter) and the excitement of expectation in creasL-s every moment. Ladies who are driven near the door intrigue successfully to change their places with lords who are nearer to the altar. A noble countess dmi* her cloak and shawl over the gallery rail on to the floor with a heavy 'flop.' and a general titter ensues. It is increased as another peeress, looking over, molts the feathers from her head dress, and they come sailing elonly down, and every one looks up. much the same as people do what « plav bill goes eddying over into the pit. Suddenly there is a little stir, and tbe Princess of Prussia enters the chapel magnificently attired in a robe of whito satin, and with her train borne by the youthful Countess HacJte. With her Boval High ness come thrir fligiincsscs Prince Adalbert and Prince Frederick Charles, and a most brilliant suite of Prussian officers. The whole brilliant audience of the chapel rfers at raojjtand bows as tbe Princess Royal's mother-in-Jaw elect passes on to the altar. Two yonng ladies enter with this group, to whom general attention is drawn when it becomes known that they stand in the interesting relation to the Princess IJoyji! of being the &~st ladies appointed by the Prussian Court to be in wju.*iiig on the future Princess of Prussia. These are the ^VinntSES Hohcn thal and tbe Countess Lynar. each of them yonng ladies of exceedingly interesting appearance, and Bbout equal in years to tbe Princess berseT£ Bo-n ire attired in pink. Hardly are the Prussian ladies seated on the kft land side, when faiutly in the distance tbe loct aiown. clear.defiantnoteaof the trumpeters are heard. 'mw-j *wm-. www wwl^wiimf-wwi m -??! ? hi i ? im unong the visitors hasten to arrange themselves, while tbe officers of the household fall into brilliant line alone the pathway np the chapel at either side. Step by strp the advance of the trumpeters is fol lowed ; now they are descending the staircase, the regular roll aad beat of the silver kettle-drums bccoBieauaible.nnd&e; prolonged triumphanlflourish proclaims the approach «f Majesty. The trumpeters, nirssivauts. clerks, and oquerries, file off outride the chapel, but the Lord Steward. Korroy. Clarencienx. Garter, the Lord Privy -Seal the President of the Council, the Lord Chancellor, the Ear] Marshal of England, and others of high note and rank, all enter. But thev enter almost unobserved, for from behind them comes the Princess Mary of Cambridge, her train borne by Lady Arabella Sackville West. A murmur of admiration greets her as she enters tbe chapel, bowing with stately elegance in return for the homage rendered her. After her Boyal High ness comes the Duke of Cambridge, attended by Colonel Tyrwhitt; and to the Duke also a tribute of cordial respect is paid. The Duchess of Cambridge is received in tbe same manner, but a deeper rever ence awaits the Duchess of Kent, who smilingly, anil as to friends, returns the greeting. The next great notability is the veteran Premier, win) tears before the Queen the Sword of Sta'j; in ponderous solemnity. After this even the fioyal Princes are unnoticed, and every one bows slon-ly and deeply as Her Majesty, leading in eiCncr hand Prince Arthur and Prince Leopold, enters the chapel. Of course, on these occasions there isfco applause, aad nothing but tbe prolonged obeisan.ccs denote the depth of loyal welcome with which tlie royal mother nf the bride is welcomed. The Qn-en looks as she always looks, kindly aud amiu'jle, but perfectly self-possi-sscd and stately. On Vier head is a crown of jewels, such as relieves all apprehensions as to the effect which the !«te Hanoverian 'raid' upon the royal caskets might have bad upon her Majesty's tnilet Courtesying in acknowledgment nf the profound homage with which she is welcomed, her Majesty passes at once to her chair of state on the left of the aitar, and which is placed between the five embroidered settees occupied by the youngest royal children. From this time all remain standing in the presence of Majesty, even the Princess of Prussia, who stands on the opposite side of the altar. Lord Palmerston. on the Queen's right band, bean the Sword of State, while the Duchess of Sutherland, herself attired in almost royal magnificence, stands on tbe left by right of office as Mistress of tbeBohes. Again there is another pause of intense interest, and again the drums and trumpets are heard, and. ushered in with the same imposing ceremonies, enmes die procession of the bridegroom,* On his risUt walkshis Boyal Highness thsPrtnceorPrnsBia, tifinrather. and on Ms left bis brother. ErioccAlWSft. All eye*, however, are fixed upon tbe royal bride eroom. as he walks slowly up the centre of the chapel . He wears the uniform of a Prussian general, with the insignia of the Order of the Slack Eagle pt Prussia. Tbe uniform shows his tall figure to advantage, and sets off his frauk -iprn countenance, and prepos sessing: bearing. Near the altar, be stops bufore her Majesty's chair jif ktatc, and bows with the most profound reverence; and, turning to bis royal mother, he bows again with equal respect, but less deeply than to the Qneca, and then, kneeling in the centre of the chapel, prays for* few minutes. His prayers ended, he rises, aud stands at the right band of the altar, waiting his liride. and likewise submit ting to such a scrutiny from hundreds of brilliant eyes as never bachelor withstood bufore. Again pause ensues — a panse of impressive so lemnity, for expectation seems wrought to the highest pitch, and no one speaks, and few even move, to disturb the stately solemnity that reigns over tbe whole interior. It is. indeed, a socne which might well rivet tlie attention of princes; for within the precincts of that little chapel siU che throned -Sove- reifen of the British Enipirr-. with her court nod princely gucrts. and surrounded by tbe greatest and most inflnrntrtl aristocracy in the whole world. The wry imiMing, so amall. and yet so rich in its contents, almost Knppests tbe idea of a grand jewel casket, in which all that the nation most valuesand reverences is put away for greater safety. . - . After a while, the charuberlaiR and vicocharnbiT lain again quit the chapel to usher in the procession of the bride, and with their absence a heavy silence of suspense steak upon the assembled guests, and deepens as the : moments pass. The very little whispering gradually grows less and leas, iintil it stops entire] v. the plumes cease to wave, and even the restless glitter of the diamonds seems almost quenched as tbe noble assemblage sits mute and at tentive, with their eyes turned in eager expectation towards the door. At last there u a alight stir without, and a aubdued movement passes through the chapel as the glittering uniform of the officers of arms is seen to pass through the door. The trumpets are again heard nearer aud nearer, till ngain they die awar in subdued cadence, which has tin inex pressibly soft and beautiful rffrct. Tlie great officers of state enter t?(e chapel, but no one heeds them, for there is a peculiar movement without, and a soft rnstling of Filk if clearly audible. In another second the bride is at the iloor, and stands ' Queen rose of tbe rosc-lma garden of pirls,' that bloom in fair array behind her. Tlie court list of tbe cercmoniel tells us that the illustrious personage on whom her ri^htliand gentlv rents is the Prince Consort, that on her left stand's his Majesty tlie King of the Kcl^ians ; and from the same source we derive our knowledge that both are in full uniform, and wear tho collars mid iiifij;iiia of the great Europran Orders of Knighthood to which each Itelougs. Withuut these aids to recognition, even these royal personages would pass to the altar unnoticed and unknown, so deep, sn all nbsorbiug is the interest excited by the bride herself. The gor geous veil she wears depending from her headdress is thrown off, and. hanging in massive folds behind, leaves tbe expression of her face completely visible as she walk* slowly, her bead slightly stooped in bashfnlness. and her eyes cast down upon the ground. Thus all can see distinctly the mild, amiable expres sion of her face, so replete with kindness aud deep feeling, and that peculiarly touching aspect of sen sitiveness to attempt to pourtray which would 'only prove how vainly words essay, to fix the spark of beauty's heavenly ray.' Her bright bloom ofcolonr has completely deserted her. and, even when com pared with her snowy dress, her cheeks seem pale, and her whole appearance denotes agitation. She looks very young, too — almost like a child. THE BBIDAI. COETCUES. ? In these ceremonies we believe tbe drops, pi, -the bride ranks only next in importance to ihfafje bratlon of tlie service: but on. this occasion the. Princess Boyal wore one so thoroughly in good taste that it is difficult to remark anything, Bave that it is exquisitely becoming, beautiful, and white. In fact, its unity only recalls to mind the belle of me French court, who is said to dress with such a perfection of good taste that one can never observe wbat she wears. Tbe bridal dress, then, is of white moire antique, the body trimmed with Honiton lace, and a bouquet of orange flowers and myrtle. The petticoat or skirt is trimmed with three flounces of Honiton lace. The design of the bee consists of bouquets in open work of tbe rose, shamrock, and thistle, in three medallions. Above each flounce in front of tlie dress arc wreaths of orange and myrtle blossoms (the latter being the bridal flower of Germany), every wreath studded with bocqnets of tlie same flowers, and the length of each being so graduated at) to give the appearance of a robe defined by Bowers. The apex of this floral pyramid is formed by the large bouquet worn above the girdle. The train, which is of the unusual length of more than three yards, is of white moire antique, bordered with a ruche of satin ribbons, Honiton lace, and a donble wreath or bordering of orange flowers and myrtle, similar to those on the flounces of the dress, with bouquets at short intervals. The head dress is a wreath of orange flowers and myrtle, with a veil of Honiton lace. Next to the interest excited by the appearance of the bride herself is tbe feeling* created by the fair bridesmaids, who ' in gloss of satin and glimmer of pearls,' follow in rtately array, bearing up the ridn train of the Princess Boyal between them. The ladies honoured with this distinguished mark of royal favour arc all Among the personal friends of the young bride, and, what is most singular, are every one lineally descended from tbe great royal houses of England and Scotland. They follow the bride two by two— Lady Susan Charlotte Catherine Pelham Clinton, daughter of the Duke of Newcastle: Lady Cecilia Catherine Gordon Lennox, daughter of the Duke of Bichmonrl ; Lady Catherine Hamilton, daughter of the Marquis of Abcrcorn; Lady Emma Charlotte Smith Stanley, daughter of tbe Karl of Derby; Lady Susan Catheiiue Mary Murray, daughter of the Earl of Dunmore : I-ady Constance Yilliere. daughter of the Earl of Clarendon : -Lady Victoria Noet daughter of tha Eaxl of Gainsborough: and Lady Cecilia Maria Charlotte Molyneui. daughter of the Earl of Svfton. The dresses worn by this fair train are from a design furnished by the illustriofis bride herself. They consist of a white glace petticoat, entirely ftuufinKnfte (rTSo'eJl wT^racBre^nf^ffiK ^pnfmS up on one side with a bouquet of pink rose* and whit'« heather. The body is trimmed with draperies of tutfev wirit hanging sleeves of the same material trimmed wirh ruches. A bnqnet of the same flowers is worn in the girdle and upon each shoulder. ? The train and body of her Majesty's dress rat composed of rich mauve {a colour best c ascribed as lilac) velvet, trinun'-d with three rowR of lace, the corsage ornamented with diamonds anO tbe rcle br&tcd; Koh-i-noor as a brooch. The petticoat— mauve and silver moire antique, trimmed wita a deep flounce of Honiton lace. The hea d-drcss — a royal diadem of diamonds and pearls. 'Her Boyal Highness tbe Duchess of K-cnt wore a petticoat 'of white moire antique, brocaded with violet, and trimmed with point lace. Tiic train, violet velvet trimmed with ermine; die stomacher, violet velvet with ornaments of diamonds and amethysts. The head-dress was fanned of white ostrich feathers, diamonds aud aioedjysts. ai »-3 point lace. Tbe materials of the dress asd trai n were of SpitalficMs manufacture. The Duchess of Cambridge were aTHac silk dress with double skirt, both skirts trimmed with buail lonnes of tulle. aud Honiton lace: the train lilac moire antique trimmed with ermine : a stomacher of diamonds and pearls ; a necklace of diamonds. Itcr Royal Highness's head-dress was composed of a tiara of large pearls and white feathers, with a veil of Honiton lace pendant from tbe back of the he ad. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a double skirt of blue crepe over a glace silk petticoat orna mented with blush r»ses, and ruches of crepe. .- nd blue satin riband, with two very deep flounces of Brus'sells lace. Tbe train bine moire, trimmed wEth Mechlin lace, blush roses and niches of tulle to match tbe dress. The body trimmed Tn correspond with the train. Diamond and pearl stomacher, aud diamond necklace. The Princess's bead-dress was formed of a diadem of diamonds, white feathers, tap pets of Brussels lane, and diamond ornaments. Tbe Princess Alice wore a dress of white lace, over rich pink satin, trimmed with coro-flowers and daisies. The Princess wore a wreath of the. same flowers round the head. Tbe Princesses Helena and Louisa wore drepses similar to that of the Princess Alice, with corn flon-en and daisies in tbe hair. The Prince of Wales. Prince Alfred. Prince Arthur, and Prince Leopold, wore the Highland ^dress. Prince Frederick William wore a Prussian general's uniform, a dark bine tonic, with gold em broidery on tbe collar and cuffs, a gold aiguilette on the right shoulder, a silver cash, white kurseymere trousers. His Boyal Highness wore the collars -of tbe orders or the Blaok. Eagle auiBobentUUriBj^pd ;the atar of.the order of the thttsal Houses -tf Baxtoy of the Ernestine branch. THE M»BBI»CE CEKEMJKT. As the bride passes np to the altar she £(*$« and makes a deep reverence to her mother, though with evident agitation ; then, again turning, she rettders the same homage to tbe Prince of Prussia. As she dors so the bridegroom elect advances; and, kneel ing on one knee, presses her hand. Taking their places then at tlie altar, the service commences witii a diomle. which peals through the little building with tlie most solemn effect. The hymn over, the Lord Archbishop of Canter bury takes his place iu the centre of the altar, and assisted bv the Bishop of London, as Dean of ths Chapel Boyal, tbe Bishop of Oxford, as Lord High Almoner, tlie Bishop oT Chester, as Clerk of the Closet, the Dean of Windsor, as Domestic Chaplain, ?nd the Rev. Dr. Wesley, as Sub-Dean of the Chapel Boyal. the marriage service is commenced exactly at ten minutes to one. ? Tbe Bubric is rigidly adhere.! to throughout. After going through the usual formulary, the Most Bev. Primate, who was very indistinctly heard, asks the Boyal Bridegroom — 'Wilt thnu bave this woman to thy wi-ilded wife, tu live together after God's ordinance, in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt tliou love Iier. comfort her. honour, anil Jta p hr.r iu sickness nod in health : and, forsaking all othi-r. keep thee mily nnto her. no long as ye both shall live?' To this tlie Prince replies loud and cl^ar. '1 win,' To tbe same question, thf. faint answer of the bride is bandy audibly though the attention nf «U it strained to the utmost to catch the feebly uttcivd words. To the next— -Who givetti this voninn awav?' the Princo Consort n-plics Inndly. ' I do.' Then the prince takrs bis bride's hand in his own. in earnest warmth, aud repeats slowly and distinctly ?fter the Primate— 'I, Frederick William Nicholas Charles, take thee. Victoria Adelaide Mary Louisa. to ray wedded wife, to bave and to hold from this day 'forward, for batter for worse. Tor richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance, and thereto I plight thee my troth.' Again, in reply', tlie words of tlie bride arc almost lost, and she seems tint, and tremulous enough to excite uneasiness among her ladies. The Prince then, taking the ring from his brother Albert, said, with marked emphasis — 'With thin ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow : in the name of the Father, and of the son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' At the moment the ring was placed upon flie bride's finger, a salvo of artillery, arranged by signal, reverberated through tbe corridors of the chapel: and at the same instant a telegraphic message was despatched to Berlin, where a similar salute was to mark the event. The usnal prayer was then offered up. and the Primate, joining their hands together, said, ' Whom God has joined let no man put asunder.' ? Tbe psalm. 'God be merciful unto us and bless us.' was then sung. Then the royal couple knr.lt, with all tlie brides maids, while the rest of the ceremony was proceeded with, the Uisbop of London, in a clear and distinct voice, reading the exhortation. At the concluding words, the ' Hallelujah Chorus'— 'Hallelujah! for the Lord God Omnipotent rcigneth. \ 'The kingdom of this world has become thB' kingdom of our Lord, and of His Christ : and He shall reign for ever and ever. ' King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Hallelojah'— rose loud and clear, with thrilling effect. Hardly had the hut words of the chorus died away in solemn echoes, when the ceremonial as arranged by chamberlains and heralds, ended ; and.the bride tarosd And-cqibraoed her motlter— -rbo,&irine;:tfefe singing of die ' HaDdojah,' had sat as' still aslaT statue — with a suddenness and depth of feeling that tt-HUed thronph every heart. Again and again her Majt»ty strained her to her heart and kissed her, and triea to conceal her emotion, but it was needless and in vain, Car all perceived it, and there were few who did not sfaar. H. We need not mention how the bridegroom embraced her, and bow, as she quitted, him, with (be tears now plainlr stealing down her cheeks, she threw herself into tin arms of her father, while her royal husband wa» embraced by the Princess of Prussia in a manner that evinced all that a mother's love can show. Between the bride groom and bis royal father not less affecting was the recognition. The Queen then rose, and, burryrng across the haul jxa with the Prince Consort, embraced tbe Princess of Prussia as one sister wonld another after long parting, and, turning to the Prince of Prussia, gave him her band, which as he stooped to kiss she stopped him, and declined the condescension by offering her cheek instead. Bnt words will feebly convey the effect of the wa- mth and friendship with which these greetings passed, the reverence with which the bridegroom 6alnted her Majesty, the manly heartiness with which he wrung the Prince Consort's hand. After a few minutes had been allowed for the illustrious personages to recover their composure, during which the bride again lost hers, while she received, with all the affecting warmth of a yonng and attached family, the congratulations of her brothers aud sisters, the procession left the chnrch, the bride leaning on tbe right arm of tbe bride groom. There was no mistake abont the expression of the bride's face as she quitted the sacred building: her delicate colour returned, her eves brightened with emotion. Even the most reserved felt moved, and an audible ' God bless her,' pausing from month to mouth, accompanied her upon her way. The pro cession of her Majesty then passed to tbe throne room in the same order in which it entered the chapel, and again re-assembled in that chamber. Here, in front of the massive throne on which have sat in state so many of our monarchs, a splendid table was set out, on which lay the register. As the dignitaries of the chnrch returned to the throne room this wac attested in the usnal form. An immense number of illustrious and nohle indiriduaU hud tbe honour of signing this document, and we append the order and arrangement in which the cctual member!: of the royal families who did so affixed their signatures after those of the bride and bridegroom : — ' S^rmn-wirat ' Prince of Prussia. *? Augusta, Princess of Prussia Duchess of Saxony. ' Leopold. 'Victoria. ?? Albert Edward. ?? Alfred. ' Alice. ' Augusta. ' George. ' Mary Adelaide.' Every person present was presented with tbe 'marriage service,' beautifully printed in red and gold, and bonnd in white and gold. EETTJES TO BUCEIHGBAM PALACE. — BETAKTCBE roa wisTjsoii. The royal procession returned to Buckingham Palace, shortly after two o'clock, in the same order as it had arrived. The bride and bridegroom being now together in one carriage, there was no difficulty in recognising them, and from end to end of the route they were welcomed with enthusiastic cheering. Not long after the acclamations of the dense body of people on die arrival of the royal cavalcade had died away. Prince Frederick and tbe Princess Boyal came out of. one of tbe windows on the first-floor, immediately in the centre of the Palace. The Queen and the Prince Consort alw ratered the balcony. The acclamations were lond and cencral, which were most graciously acknowledged. The royal party were summoned the second time to the balcony, and were received as enthusiastically as before. Never was snch a crowd seen in front of Buckingham Palace. Immediately after, the Queen and Prince Consort, with their Roval Highnesses Prince and Princess Frederick William of Prussia, the royal family, and the foreign princes, passed from the picture-gallery into the state-room, where the dejenner was served. At ahont half-past four the bride and bridegroom left Buckingham Palace for Windsor. Her royal parents, with all the other members of her family, with the Prince and Princess of Prussia, accom panied the Princess and her husband to tha Grand Hal], where tbe ladies and gentlemen of the royal households were in attendance. Her Majesty and the Prince and Princess of Prussia took leave -£ their royal relatives at tie principal entrance, bqt the Prince Consort accompanied his daughter ati ? Prince Frederick William to their carriage. .. . The royal party travelled by the Great Western railway to Windsor, where they were most enthu riMtieslly received by the townspeople, when the royal eoople proceeded from the station to tfca ^?nw££t'{^394' r*PBV- UMVn -fD 'QtDfDpb , ? fnpfMpt^p ($H|B streets. The townspeople celebrated the oecuaoa ).y a ball, he)d in the Town Hall, which was mM brilliantly illuminated for the occasion. The city of J.ondoo. also, and especially the west end of- it, wan ablaze with illumination on this memorable evening.! TSS TISttVffiES. i Certain festivities were of course held to felcb|iS»! tbe marriage. In the week previous her Majrirty gave two grand dinner and evening parties ; there; was a grand review at Wonlnrh : aad ihe state per formances at her Majestv'ti Theatre came off. The first was ** Mochett,' performed bv the Sadlers Wells' company: it went very tamely; little attention was paid to ihe play, all eyes being directed to the royal box. Balfe a new opera, the ' Rose of Castille,' was more attentively listened to, and the Italian opera better still. The grand performance was held on the Saturdav, before the wedding, when the 'Rivals,' and the ' Spitalnelds* Weaver' were performed. Her Majesty. Prince Albert, the Royal Princes, the Prince and Princess Frederick William of Prussia, and all the more illnstrions personages in the empire were present. A beef-eater mounted guard on each ?ride of the royal box, and everything was ceremoni ous, and brilliant, and grand. Mr. Bnckstone and Mr. Wright made much laughter, of course; and it w observable that tbrongboot the performances tbe comedians were the only successes. Bobson, w}io on occasion played in an afterpiece {'The Boots' at the Swan 'I, compelled the attention nf the whole audience, royalty and all, by mere force ofpenins; and kept it-in a scarcely interrupted strain of langh tcr from first to laxt : and Keoley was nearly, if not quite, as successful. The Qneen gave a grand concert at Buckingham Palaee on the night of the wedding. The. entire - orchestra consisted of 200 performers : the principal soloists being Madame Clara Novello, Miss Lotus* Pyne, Mix. La*celles, Signor Ginglini, Mr. Sims Itcevea, and Mr. Weisn. A serenata, ** The Dream,' composed especially for the occasion by Mr. Costa,' was performed. 'God nave the Qneen,' was the finale, and the following now venei. written for the occasion by Mr. Tennyson, were sung by all the principal performers and chorus : — *? Cod bless our Prince and Bride ! God bless then- lands allied, God save the Queen ! Clothe them with righteousness. Crown them with happiness, Them with all blessings bleu, God save the Queen '. Fair fall this hallos'd boor. Farewell our England's flower. God save the Qneen ! Farewell! fair rose of May ! Let both the people say. God bless thy marriage day, God Mess the Queen V On tlie Wednesday after the marriage (i.e. two days after), her Majesty and the royal family re loined the 'yonng people' at Windsor, where tho bridegroom wag installed as Knight of the Garter ; a grand banquet was given on that day, and another on the succeeding day. On Saturday the Court re turned to town, where a drawing-room was held at which the bride received congratulations. DEPASTURE FOB PBC8SIA. On Tuesday, February 2, the Princess left Eng land. The departure of the Prince and Princess Frederick William took place in an unexpected man ner. Instead of driving to the Bricllayers' Arms' Station by the shorter and more usual route along the right bank of the Thames, the happy pair drove through the city. This determination was not known until late on Monday, and Temple Bar and the streets had to be decked outsomewhat suddenly. The procession consisted of six carriage*. Tbe first con a|oed the Prin.ce and Princess, the Prince Consort jniTlIllUI M'.^wuil Mniauuuli ? ii ? a ? i , ''*i . bridge and Prince Alfred. Both were Open. The remaining carriages were occupied by tbe ladies and gentlemen in attendance. Snow {ell heavily ; but from Bnekmgham Palace through Pall Mall, the Strand, and the city, dense lines of people almost blocked up the footways. Flags waved here and therefrom the bosses, the windows of which wire filled with gazers. Of course there was no lack of jor-liells or of cheers. At Temple Bar the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs received the yonng couple, and proceeded them on their way. And so they drove on through the snow-storm, which became thicker and sharper every moment until they reached the Bricklayers' Arms' Station. Entering the train ten minutes before ouc, the party reached Gravesend at twenty-five minutes before two. The town was decked oot with fiagH and evergreens, and its streets were thronged with people. Driving to the Terrace Pier, the party there alighted, and walked on board the Victoria and Alien, which with her attendant ships lay alongside. On the pier there was a pretty scene. After the Mayor had presented an address, his daughter advanced and presented a bonquet to (be Princess, who took it with a smile, and handed one which the Lord Mayor had given her to her husband. As she walked on board, fifty-eight girls, in white dresses, bine mantles, and wreaths of lillies in their hair, strewed her path with flowers. The parting between the father and daughter and between the brothers and their sister was most affecting. The Princess soon disappeared. The Prince of Wales wept, bnt Prince Alfred sobbed without restraint. After some waiting the royal yacht steamed off throngh the thick snow, while the crowd shouted its farewell cheer, and the guns of Tilbury Fort fired a salnte. Then the Prince Consort and his rons, and the Duke of Cambridge returned to London. The royal yacht, which remained at the Nore all Tuesday night, in consequence of fog, left for Antwerp at two o'clock on Wednesday morning. On arriving at Antwerp in tbe Scheldt, the Prince and Princess were received by the King of the Belgians, the English and Prussian ambassadors, the consols, and the civil and military authorities of Antwerp. The royal party drove at once to the railway statiou, and left by special train at five fur Brussels. Joi menso crowds lined the qnays and the streets traversed by the procession, and the royal couple were everywhere received with enthusiastic acclama tion. When the Prince and Princess entered Potsdam, they were received at the railway station by the Prince and Princess of Prussia and a host of princes of the Prussian bonse, and escorted to the palace. Thousands of people were present, and every sign of ?wroinc ns accorded to the Prince and his bride. The town was decked ont in its gaiety, and illumi nated in die evening. The trades marched in pro cession past the palare. and there was a gala per formance at tbe theatre. On Monday (Feb. 8), the bride and bridegroom entered Berlin. It is said that the splendour of the decorations the vast masses of the people— 160.000 standing in the pro menade .ttater den Linden — and the heartiness of the popular feeling far surpassed the display in 1823, when the present Qneen of Prussia entered Berlin as a bride. 'Nothing,' says an enthusiastic reporter, ' is «o astonishing as tbe unsparing, ample, rich, and bountiful manner in which everything has been got np on this festal reception.' One part of the recep tion was especially planned to gratify the Princess : the English residents in Berlin collected, together, 130 gentlemen and many ladies ; they hoisted a real big£nglish Union Jack, and when the bride passed, they saluted her 'with an unmistakable British cheer.' In all the plenitude of preparatory arrangement to view the entry, it seems no place of honour bad been originally intended for the members of die Prussian legislature ; but it is stated that they were offered seat* at 4s. 6d. ahead, which they indignantly refused. The King of Prussia was too nnwell to take part in these public rejoicings. He did not receive the Prince and Princess until Monday evening, when they qnictly dined with him at Bellevue. At the dinner the Prince of Prussia proposed a toast to the alliance with England, and all went merry as a marriage-bell. WHAT THE YOtJHC OOCPLX BATE TO LIVE OS. Prince Frederick William is to receive an apanage of 92.000 thaler* a year (£13.800). which of course will be increased when in the due course of nature his uncle, the present king, dies, and he thus becomes crown prince. In the marriage contract it is stated that the expenses of the joint establishment of their royal highnesses shall be defrayed oot of the above mentioned ran : the interest, however, of the marriage portion which her Majesty gives to the Princess Victoria, viz., £40,000, is to go in aid of the same. The aforesaid capita] is to be banded over to a commissioner appointed by the King of Prussia, who will pay it into the Crown Treasury, and give security for it on the Crown Trust Fund, until all arrangements are completed. The interest of tbe £10.000 is to be paid over every six months to a commissioner named by their Boral Highnesses; and Iu the event of the decease of either it ia to go to the survivor. After tbe decease of both die capita! is to revert to their children in equal pro 4hat attains that age, or that marries previously, tbe ttnount is to revert to the Princess in the event of the Prince departing this life before her : and it re mains open to the Princess, even if that improbable and much to be deprecated contingency should not eupervene. to dispose of the ?run by last will and -testament. The yearly allowance of £8000 voted by the Im perial Parliament is to be paid quarterly to a com missioner named bv her Majesty, who will receive it to the sole use of die Princess. Their Boyal High nesses will be precluded, either separately or con JointJy, from mating any dispositions with regard to the amount, which isio be paid to the proper hands of the Prineen herself, and her sole receipt ii to be taken for it The King of Prussia secures the Princess in a jointure, the amount of which is to vary according to the following drcumstanees : — Should her widow hood intervene during the lifetime of the present King, the jointure is to be fixed at 80,000 tbslers yearly ; if after the present King's decease, it is to ?mount to 40,000. In addition to this jointure the Princess will be entitled to receive tbe interest arising from her marriage portion, and a residence at Berlin .completely furnished, according to the custom of the roval family here. In ease of the Princess living to become Queen of ?Prussia or Qneen Dowager, the same amonnt is to be placed at her service as is usual for the Queen of Prussia to receive, or the same Jointure shall be settled on beras the Queen Donger of Prussia has hitherto received, according to the precedent* in the Boyal House of Prnsna. . A meeting of the Boyal Geographical Society was held on Monday, the 8th, and a public dinner, under the Mspices of the society, on Saturday last, to take -firewall of Or. Livingston, previous so his departure on a new exploring expedition in South Africa. Sir Boderie Murehbon. was in the chair at tbe dinner, «hich was attended by above 800 persons— among then a host of eminent men. 