REVIXATIONS OF A OHOST, (From Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper.) DR. BURDELL. ON THE MANNER OF HIS DEATH. Tho following remarkable developments regarding the murder of Dr. Harvey Burdell have been published in the Boston News through a spiritual source. The interview took place at three several times', at intervals of six weeks to test his recollection of facts. It will be seen tbat tho narrative is in thc form of an affidavit, and wo assure our readers there is no humbug about it. Let tho lovers of tho marvellous read; I, Harvey Burdell, of the city pf Nsw York, after being carefully examined, revising tho whole statement at three several times, after being duly sworn, deposo and say that I resided No. 31, Bond-street, Now York city, that I died on thc 13th of January I8S7. at about half-post ten o'clock p.m., from the immediate effect of a blow struck on the back of my head with a nail hammer, tho mark of which is left on my skull, rind sixteen wounds and ono scratch inflicted by two dirk knives in Ibo handB of two females a mother and a daughter. I became acquainted with the mother somo two years and eight months previous to my death;-that Bhortly after I bocatno 'acquainted witb ber ?he placed in my hands certain money securities to be in- vested for safe keeping, to the amount of O.OOO dois., and . almost 500 dois, in tho bank stocks, that nt this time I shared ber bed; she became pregnant, and abortion was procured at three months by a porsnn whom I emflnyedT which greatly injured her health : illicit intercourse with hor daughters then occurred;. I did promise to marry her mid held ont inducements to that effect until after I ob- tained possession of all her property, which I appropriated to my own use, and deposited in my own name; that I never attended any ceremony constituting marriage; I was never married to lier; ehe is not my widow; that I gare this woman no receipt or acknowledgment whatever for , tho above money, securities, &c; that she has no means .nf proving that it WOB in my. possession, and that I abso- lutely refused to give her any part thereof, having paid bill« out of tho rame to n small amount only: that she frequently wept and became distracted and enraged With mn; that abe frequently told mc that she would kill me if I did not give np' tito money, which I refused todo, though frequently importuned by her mid ber daughters; just pre- vious to my murder, and for nine months before, 1 fre- quently threatened to turn her out of my house,. No. 31, Bond-street, and intended to do sot that many'quarrels had taken place in that timo between us, and her eldest daughter, whom 1 struck on one occasion, insulted and knocked her down t that on tho dav of ray death I'took somo money from tho bank, with tho intention of purchas- ing gold dn»t from Colifornis and for paying other claims to the amount of 3.000 dois., pcrhnps a trifle loss or maret' that they were notes of hand due fur the sale of gold plate, &c; , to tho amonnt of 3,275 doli,, all 'in my safe; there' was in my roora where t died, a large red leather trunk, iron bound. It was a strong trunk, with brass rivets pass- ing through Iron bands. It contained my wearing ap- parel and somo pieces of gold and gold plato, and about 1,500 dois, worth which I intended to remove. That n woman visited mo in the fore part of tho day on which I was killed, for tho purpose of hiring my house, No. 31, Bond- street, and I agreed to give a lease, duly executed on the next day, when she left. About two o'clock the woman and daughter came into my room, greatly enraged, nnd related part of tho conversation they had just had with the person who wasaboat- to hire the hourn); loud talking en-uod, and she said that I would not livo to sign that lease-that she would kill mo before I signed that paper. At the time/from her manner, looks, and^oxpressions, I believed she intended to do so, which thon impressed my mind with a dread and fixed sense of fear." 'It gave me anxiety, I thought she was about to be avenged for my conduct in,defaulting hor of her money. I left tho house and saw a gentleman to whom I expressed ray fears,- and wished him to accompany me to my. lodgings that night. After returning to my office and placing some papers in my safe, I left and went to take tea. I remained reading till half-past ton o'clock and then left my rooms at No. 31\. Bond-street-wo person with me at the time. 'tho first person I recognised when 1 came out of my boarding- house was a 'young man*, who carno up to ruo, stopped rae, calling mc by name. Dr. Burdell, and conversed, ask- ing mo if I was going home. I replied that I wns. ' As I stopped, he loft me and walked rapidly away towards 31, Bond-street, and came past me again as 1 was going to my room. A signal was given nt this time to prepare Tor my approach, when tho * young man' came to see that no person followed. A man at this time being in the entry, gave notice to the woman and her daughter to take their position in my room and with the weapons of death, viz, two dirk knives and a largo-sized nail hammer, bonght for tho purpose, the ' young man' being on the outside to give 0 signal to the man in the entry. I opened the door of my house with my night key as usual, and found a ' man' whom I recognised in the entry watching for a signal from the outside. X passed in, he did not spenk as 1 passed him down stairs. I walked upstairs leisurely, took my shawl from my shoulders, placed it across my arms before 1 opened my roora door, which 1 usually left unlocked; entering tho room, I threw my shawl on the sofa, and while in tho net of taking off my cloth cap, I was surprised by a severe blow on the back of my head from a nail hammer; all was dark when I cried out ' Murdor*. This staggered and stunned me at once. I was then seized by the throat, and at one and the same time I was stabbed in tho neck, cutting off a bloodvessel, and from behind in my back, Ithe blood poured out .profusely, and I fell forward on the floor dead. In less than one minute and one quarter from tho time I entered th« hausa I was dead. My spirit, uninjured, concious and calm, tras Tully and instantly released from my body ; my spirit and mind were sonsible, and I saw distinctly, as if at noonday, my murdered body with a porfect sight,. I also saw clearly thc mother stabbing my dead body, and tho dreadful promise and threat fulfilled by the very person who had so often made it. I discerned her coutcnance distorted, ber eyes glaring with fear.' She was drenched with blood, her feet without shoes, with stockings saturated with blood in which sbo trod. I also saw her daughter using the dirk knife stabbing my bodr, with nothing on luther chemise and night gown ; she was also bloody ns this transpired. Another signât was given from the street, and the man in the entry opened the front door. At this instant I saw the daughter distinctly, heard her say. * Oh, mother,' and looked with a terror stricken look as they both rushed out of the room. I seomed instantly to follow, they rushed down to the front door the man in tho entry said, î He is gone,1 and the door was opened again, and the mother looked outward very much agitated ; tho 'young man ap- peared, stated it was nothing, all was right ; then thc young mnn came in and the mother flew to tho attic. I was at once there, also, determined to seo and hear ; thc daughter rushed down to the two persons below, who bad como up'tnirs and stood in tho entry at my room door, when she said, 'Mother says he cannot be dead ; toll her -tell her; come and see Ifbeisdcad.' Only fire minutes had transpired since 1 came to the room. Every motion from tho first blow was rapid. Thc ' young man' and tho man in the entry at this crisis entered my rom ; tho man I saw in the entry lit the gas, and the ' young man' stooped down and looked at my body ; the man also locked, and instantly and together took hold of my body and moved it. 'He is dead.' * Yes,* in reply, * he's dead.' Thentbo daughter left, and I heard her distinctly say, 'Re is dead ; mother ; it is all over.' She was then washing in the attic. The daughter having washed canoe down very shortly, folded my shawl, laid my cap ns it remained. My i pockets were examined, the keys of my trunk, ¿c.. taken. ' The money also taken, and my body removed by the ' two mon together to near tho spot where it lay. The man in tbe entry united ray cravat, and they afterwards finally adjusted and fixed my body as it was fonnd. The removal of my trank to the attic now took place by the two men.; it was opened, my clothes were burnt, some pieces of gold plate examined, with about 1,500 dollars worth of gold dnst and other valuables. I lostnone of my conscionsness, made no effort to hear their conversation, or to seo distinctly what was done: ho uneasiness pervaded my spirit. I was intent and discerning truly without ap- parent effort AU that passed me before was done by the four persons ; three of them, I think, went to the room ; they again looked at my body. The 'young man' with a key opened my sa e, and tbeother man handled the money, being 3,000 dollars. Thc papors were burnt ; notes also were there to the amount of 3,825 dollars. My will and other papers were burnt. The trunk was then packed. At half-past tea o'clock my room was'adjusted, my body placed and arranged as. it was found. The door 'was then closed. 1 saw tho contents of the trunk, and the instru- ments of death and other things put into it, and locked ; the woman marked it and pat it in tho esr for Saratoga, In tho morning a dray took it to a. depot, as directed by tho man in. the entry. I was present when tho boy came to my room to make the fires ; he wac sorely affected on viewing the body. Conscious and perfectly composed I was present at the examination of my body, and heard and saw all that transpired, and wondered that they did' not discover the mark of tho nail hammer on my t-kull. - 