Later English Hew2. We are in possession of four days later news from England. The Queen had returned from her': tour through France and Germany. The £ Atlantic Telegraph had been • opened, and messages had been ex changed with the President of America. The message, 99 words, occupied thirty minutes in its transmission. Mr. Andrew. Combe, the celebrated • Phrenologist, is dead. The Commercial news is ot a very j" satisfactory nature. ADELAIDE. The markets are in a much betfcsr condition ; several large sales had taken place. Flour £14. I Os Wheat 6s. per bnshel. Star THEATRB.--Amraidab Sleek represented by Mr. L. McGowan, again made his appearance last night to the satisfaction of anumerous audience. The Ghost of Charles Dickens' Shepherd ap peared to hive arrived in Beech worth perfectly annoyed with the unceremo nious tt© tment|'ie hsd met with from the celebrated Tony Veller. Mrs. Jacksot; a3 Emma Torrens, and Mrs. McGo-.v-m iathep&vt; of Mrs. Grsinby Delmaine icreated a perfect revolution in the ' Serious Family. The concluding piece A Yonth who never saw a Woman," should probably be called the eight wonder of the world, how he arrived in this changeable sceae we are unable to say, but Miss Quim did her part to wards enlightening us on this subject. Mr. Coleman's Fathtr Phillip proved that he is capable of undertaking any part from the demure demeanour of Lady Towerly Creamly to the most comically lively piece in existence. Mr. Harry Jackson's benefit takes place on Thursday next, on which occasion a superior bill of fare is announced* and we hope to see a bumper house to re ward the exertions of this really clever actor. Athnjeum.—An Essay will be read at the Institution to-night on " The Aboriginals ot'America," by Mr. Noble. Beech worth Athekcetjm.—Report for the week ending.October 30rd_,1858 Visitors to the Heading Room and > Library, 220. Open every day (Sundays excepted) The fol lowing Mcgr.zines, Reviews, Newspapers, &c.;, &C.;,are on the tables of the Keaning Room:— Some News, Illustrated London News, Morning Star, Lloyd's Weekly London Ncwsjxiper, Lon don, Punch, New YoriiScroll, Argus, Herald, Bell's Life in Victoria, Gcelong Advertiser Melbourne Punch, Empire, Goulbwn Chronicle, Tass Courier, Border Post, Ocens and Murray Advertis r, Constitution, Mmbig Journal, (Stanley), Edinburgh Jtevieiv,Blackwood'a Ma gazine, United Service Magazine. Titan. Chambers' Edinburgh Journal, Household Words, Caescll's Illustrated Family Paper, Leisure Sour, Fawily Sera Id, London Journal, Victoria Government Gazette, Melbourne Du ly Age, Journal os Commerce. Bcndigo Mercury Ballanrrt Times, Mount Altxandsr MaU Bears Weekly Circular Melbourne Examiner, Ballarat Star, My Note Booh .Melbourne Leader 