! MORNING'S STROLL THROUGH ? ?— ? SHANGHAI. . In the following letter from Shanghai the Times correspondent gives an amusing sketch of the manners and customs of tho Chinese : — ? Before we leave Shanghai (he says) I 'must 'ask the British public to accompany me m a morning walk upon the Bund. We will start from the hotel, which noti&a; its whereabouts in the rear of the settlement by a high flagstaff and a most demonstrative banner. The. street we follow is bounded by the garden walla and entrances of several ' hongs' — ornamented^ de tached residences resembling a little the villas in the Regent's-park. Our path is through a crowd of jostling coolies. They are carrying, balanced on their bamboo poles, chests of tea, bales of silk, bricks of Sycee silver, and burdens more multifarious. It is hard work. They earn by continuous labour nearly 8s. a day. But a man is worn ont in aboat seven years, and he then retires on his economies, and enjoys his hardly earned leisure upon a small plot of ground in the interior. We now see them . at full work loading and discharging cargo. Each as he goes emits a sound like the moan ef a man in pain, 'ah ho ; ah ho.' From early morn ing till eventide this chorus of sorrowful sound fills the air. It is more multitudinous and monotonous than the croak of the frogs in the swamps,- than the harsh grating cry of the deads upon the boughs. The habit, so far as X. can discover, is confined to this port ; but a Shanghai porter can no more do his work without his 'Ah ho !' than a London paviour can get on without his J* Hough.' When the English first came here the house-Bervants brought up the soups and the legs of mutton singing their 'Ah ho' in procession through the dining-room. This was promptly put down- but the out-of-door chorus still pro ceeds. Every moment from 800 chests comes this sad monotonous crv. deDressinsr to the ipirits of newcomers. We make our way through this croaking xowd, and debouch upon the Bund— the )road embankment, having on one side the vide river, with 70 square-rigged vessels lying it easy anchor in its noble reach ; and on the -ther side the 'compounds,' or ornamental rrounds, each containing the hong, and the jodowns of 'some one of the principal Euro jean commercial Houses. The only building m the Bund which is of Chinese architecture 3 the Custom-house, which is like a joss louse. . ; ' . . There is something going on at the Custom Souse. The Toutai's suite fill the outer jourtyard. Some 20 fellows, wearing man larins' caps with fox-tails sticking out behind, iave swords at .their sides, and form the military escort. Then* trousers are much patched, and .their odour is not fragrant ; yet, if one of these ragged ruffians would come to London, and submit to be washed, Mrs. Leo Eunter would ask lords and ladies to meet him and present him to her guests as ' a man darin from China.' There are two curious sreatures having enormous gilt hares on their heads, and pheasant feathers protruding behind. They are rather shabbier and dirtier than their military comrades, and look a3 though they had been turned out of Mr. Richardson's booth for lack of cleanliness. Ihere are two executioners, conspicuous by their black conical caps, their dark costume, and their iron chains, worn liko a swordbelt. The Larger oae is said to be of wonderful skill in taking off heads ; the smaller excels in pro ducing exquisite torture with the bamboo. Let us go inside. There is incense burning, and priests are chanting. Mandarins, with white or red buttons to, their caps; silk dresses, and very dirty hands, are knocking then* heads upon the ground before a little joss.. It is a Chinese ceremonial-day. They have turned the Custom-Houje into a joss-house for the nonce, and are come here to ' chin-shin' the god of wealth, which means to pray for a good harvest of import and export duties. The rite is soon performed, the Toutai cornea forth, the procession is formed. It would look splendid in drawing or photograph, but it is squalid and ludicrous in its shabby reality. The Toutai mounts his pony, the large crimson parasol is raised above his head — 'Interquesignaturpomilitaria Sol aspicit conopium'— and the cortege moves off. About this Custom-House there is a grave matter to be debated. At the instance of the three treaty Powers the Chinese authorities have established at this port a triumvirate of European Inspectors, or Collectors of Customs —an Englishman, a Frenchman, and an Ame can. ? They were originally selected by their respective Governments. They each receive £2,000 a year— a salary 'not too great to com pensate them for the odium which the dis charge of their duties involves. The English Government has ceased to interfere or to recognise Mr. Lay as having any other capa city than that of an officer of the Chinese Go vernment. The French and American Consuls retain an influence in the nomination and control of the Inspectors of their respective nations. ? ? The effect of this Custom-House arrangement is, that the duties of the port of Shanghai are received in full. At the other ports the old system of corruption prevails, and the Chinese collectors make their private bargains— usually about one-half the tariff prices. Nothing but strong intrinsic vitality has enabled the trade sf Shanghai to thrive, in spite of this great dis advantage. The English merchants are divided in opinion upon this subject of duty collecting. 3ome think that the Chinese Bhould.be left to themselves; that we should deal with the officials as we do in England with the far mers of turnpike tolls — every man making his own contract bargain. Others think : that the inspecting system should be extended to all the ports. A third party are in favour of the abolition of all duties at the ports, allow ing the Chinese to collect then*- own import and export duties inside. - It is a difficult sub ject, almost impossible to be satisfactorily arranged by any treaty, which shall give to the Chinese Government the action of an indepen dent Power ; but the difficulty arises from the incurable corruption of the Chinese magistracy, and the crumbling rottenness of the Govern ment. Having to deal with such a nation, the necessities of self-protection give us rights which we should not have if we were dealing with honest men. ? ........ ? ;? There is a sound of gongs, and a crepitation of small crackers at the north end of the Bund, and the coolies leaving then- work to look on. As it is a day for sight-seeing, and. sight-seeing is our business, let us follow the crowd. y ? It is a burial procession. The mother of a Chinese opium broker is going to her hist home. She carries 'with her all her little- comforts and necessities wherewith to begin life in the next' world. .Many palanquins appear at unequal distances,* preceded and followed by coolies marching four abreast. These litters contain small joss-houses, and basins holding fruits and sweetmeats, and bean, cakes, and other ortho dox Buddhist . comestibles. . ...There is good; fitoro also of silvered and gilded paper made to resemble solid ingots of gold and silver. . This is the wealth wherewith she is to appear in tke land of ghosts as a respectable, well-to-do ma tron. But if this bullion pass current among the ghosts, they have lost the. qualities .which most distinguish them in the flesh. In'lifea Chi naman can distinguish the exact fineness of a piec8 of silver by the touch, so much bo that the word' touch' is U3ed as a technical term to indi cate the quality of each description of bullion ; it must be very harrowing to tke feelings of the ghost of a Chinese comprador to find himself obltsed to deal in these shadowy ingots.': On marches tne procession, xnere are ntiie rroys blowing shrill trumpets and other stranger wind instrument?, men excruciating onr ears with cymbals and gongs, and grave adult3 ex ploding strings of crackers. Then cornea the coffin— a strong wooden case, like a carved and ornamented trunk of a tree ; it ia half covered by draperies, and is borne by twelve coolies. It is hermetically sealed with that tenacious plaster the Chinese call ' chunam.' It will be borne to a joss-house ia the city, and thence to a spot in one of her son's fields. Here it will rest on the surface, of the ground. After the time of mourning is past, a few spadefuls ot earth will be shovelled upon it, then year by year a few more, till a mound arises, and rank grass and Chinese lilies spring up, and this old lady's habitation adds another unit to the myriads of sacred burrows which cumber the rich soil, and 3p.rve no purpose but a harbour for the pheasants when the crops are out. Our English booka upon China eay that only hilhs are net apart for this purpose. Sir John Davis falls into thb error. But our English writers, for the most part, write only of what they have seen on tha banks of the Canton Eiver. 'Between Shanghai and Keehing I have seen thousands of acres of alluvial soil which the plough never turns, be cause they are sacred to the dead. We have plenty of time to look about us, for the procession yet drag3 its slow length along. The denizens of the Bund have- turned out to look, and business is proceeding. There is an English merchant arranging the sale of a cargo of rice with a Chinaman. ' Wantee numba one bad licee for that sojer — numba one bad licee ?' ' Number one bad rice for your soldiers, says the indignant Briton. ' Why we alwaj s have the best provisions we can obtain for our soldiers, and Bailors.' He&Ye;^ forgive. #w patriotic man of commerce J but he never saw a~weavelly Triscuit, or opened a tin, , of Crimean preserved meat.' '** Qjnaskee, numba one bad licee too much good for aojer^sunii'L We are separated from: these bargainers by a fisherman and * his- wife, who 'push * their way by. The lady, * who is not: in s her premiere jeunesse, ^ haa-laige natural feet^ and, 'having ' tucked up her trousers, displays a pair of calves which anjIriBht porter.nught envy. Taking advantage of their wake, stiffly totters upon her small dear's feet an ordinary Chinawoman of the urban population.; She has no calves what ever. The muscles of her leg were destroyed by the operation- which produced that beau tiful foot, and from the knee downwards her leg is but skin and bone. ! Do you ask how this strange deformity U produced? Stand back out of the crowd, inside the entrance to Tyfr, TTnara'a compound, and L will tell you. There are small- footed ladies at Hongkong who gain a very fair livelihopd by exhibiting their pedal extremities to sea captains and other curious. Europeans at a dollar, a head ; but, as so superficial an examination of this national peculiarity did' not satisfy me, I had recourse to some of my good friends, amongthe missionaries. By their aid- 1 obtained that some poor Cbineee women should bring me a complete gamut of little girls from the mis sionary 'schools. Many ot these female chil dren probably owed their lives to the persua sion (aided by opportune dtnations of rice), of my missionary, friend and his- lady, but their influence had been powerless to prevent the torture of their feet On the appointed day they were all seated in a row in my friend's library, and their feet, which I suspect had undergone a preparatory washing, were un bound by then* mammas. The first was a child of two years old. Her penance .had just commenced. . When the bandage of blue cotton was taken off T~ fonnil that th« -m-at tr» lio/J KaaW lnft untouched7but the other four had been forced down under the ball of the. foot, and closely bound in that position. The child, therefore, walked upon the knuckle joints of her four toes. The toes were red and inflamed, and the ligature caused evident pain. In the next three children (all of ages advancing at small inter vals) the preparation was only to the same extent ; it was confined to the four toes ; gradually, however, these four toes, ceding to tho continual pressure, lost their articulations and their identity as limbs, and became amal gamated with the sole of the foot. In the eldest of the four the redness and inflammation had entirely disappeared, the foot was cool and painless, and appeared as though the four toes had been cut off by a knife. The foot was now somewhat the shape of a trowel. In the fifth girl I saw the commencement of the second operation — a torture under which sickly children frequently die. The sole of the foot was now curved into tho shape of a bow ; the great too and the heel being brought to gether as near as possible. Take a jujube and double it till two points of tho lozenge nearly meet, and you will see what I mean. This is done very gradually. The bandage is never slackened— month by month it is drawn tighter— the foot inflames and swells, but the tender mamma perseveres — as the bones and tendons accommodate themselves to the posi tion constrained by the bandage .so it is drawn tighter. At last the ball of the natural foot fits into the hollow of the sole, the root of the great toe is brought into con tact with the heeL The foot is a shapeless lump. The instep is where the ankle was, and. all that is left to go into the slipper and to tread the ground is the ball of the great toe and the heeL This is the small foot of the Chinese woman— a bit of toe and a bit of heel, with a mark like a cicatrice left after a huge cut, running up between them. Two of the girls were yet suffering great pain, and their feet were hot and inflamed, but in the eldest the operation was complete. She had attained to the position' of a small-footed woman, and her feet were quite cool, had no corns, nnd were not tender to the touch. One of the mammas, influenced perhaps by a little libe rality in the article of rice money, en trusted me with a Chinese mystere de toilette. Sometimes, it seems, when a woman is expected to have to do hard work, her toe and heel are not drawn so tightly together as to produce the true ' small foot. To dis guise this imperfection upon her marriage day she has recourse to art. A piece of cork, shaped like an inverted sugar loaf, is strapped on to her foot, and the small part goes into her slipper and passes for her foot. Thus are we poor men deceived. While we are gossiping about small feet, the old lady's burial proces sion comes to an end. It would be hissed at Astley's, and would be regarded with blank astonishment at the Princess's, but it is very successful at Shanghai. The opium broker has done his duty as- a good son. If he keeps his two years of mourning properly, and if none of his wives should commit the indiscre tion of having a child within two years, com mencing from nine months after this time (for the present Emperor is supposed to owe all his misfortunes to an unfortunate accident of this sort), he will be esteemed a very respect able man for evermore. The Bund resumes its normal state, and the 'Ah ho's' are again in full chorus. What shall we do next ? It ia hn1f-nnst. 1 nVWV tiffin time at Shanghai. You have made your calls on arriving here, and your cards have been duly returned, so you are free to go and come at tiffin time in all their hospitable hongs. No lack of good dishes or of pleasant iced drinks at a Shanghai tiffin. Where the junior partner, with his employe's of silk inspector and tea taster, and bookkeeper and clerks, holds a sepa rate mess, the allowance from the house to that mess is never less than 50 Shanghai dollars per month per head, or something more than £200 a year to each employe for the table alone.. We may enter boldly. There is no chance of finding people making shifts with small commons in China. There is a great charm in European society at all the ports. Everybody is able, and is, indeed, obliged to hive a lordly indifference to expense. ' They cannot control it^ and they must let it go. There is no struggling and con triving to keep up appearances. The profits are huge and the expenditure is great — laissez aller. . ? Tiffiiij' however, is a bad habit, if we can keep out of it Xet us rather stroll towards- the city and trust to chance for alight lunch. ' A'Lin, get a coolie and follow us with some dollars and some cash'— the rascal wouldn't carry a string of copper cash himself -to save his father's tail. It id a long stretch from the English' settlement to the Chinese city.' We must pass through the French concession in front of Mr. Coaolly's hong, wherein that gen tleman, with exaggerated Shanghai hospitality, has just taken in a distressed Singapore tiger, whose . roaring attracts a crowd of Chinese around his gates. A Chinese city is no novelty to us who have journeyed together through so many of them ; but a festival-day, always has : some objects of interest. In Tekin the 'Board of Bites' busies itself about many things, and i among others it' sets apart two days in every ''month as the days upon which alone marriages jean take place. To-day iff one of these days, ;and in consequence thereof several gorgeous palanquiuB; like miniature Lord- Mayor's coaches taken off their wheels,- and containing ; ladies aU splendid in jewels and gold, are passing I through the' narrow streets. These ladies have jewelled crowns upon their heads, and veils of strings of pearls falling over their faces, and .embroidered satin tunics, and. fans of gold tissue. They are going,* properly accompanied, to then* new homes'.. One of them is just enter ing the noose of a diitiller with whom I have some acquaintance. We shall be welcome; let us go jm. The house is decorated for the fete. Itis hung with lanterns inside and, out. The courtyard is full of relatives and hangers-on ; and at the gate is v the com prador, who receives* the money; offerings of the visitors; the principal room opening upon the courtyard is prepared for the feast. Lanterns sxe_ hung from the ceilings, a small, jos^-house with candles and incense before jt is at one end, and in the middle is the table on which -stand the small basins of sauces and , sliced shell-fish, and goose flesh and* sweet meats; cakes, which are the. precuxsive appe tizers to a Chinese dinner. The bridegroom (the son of the proprietor) is lounging on a chair in his shirt-sleeves smoking; the bride i3 gone up to her chamber, where she is sitting on her nuptial couch and receiving her g_uesta. We may go up if we please, but, it is less trouble to wait and look about us till she come3 down. We crack a joke or two with the bridegroom, and he retires to put on his gorgeous array, and then the bride appears fid lowed by her retinue of bridesmaids, and escorted by an old woman, the go between who has made up the match. We present ourselves in due form, and the bride, who, in spite of her high crowi^ and embroidered tunic end trousers, looki nervous and twitchy, and slightly convulsive, just a3 she might if her name were Brown, and if we had accosted her at the door of the vestry-rooiB of St. George's, Hanover-square, I returns our salutation and would like to pass on. But such is not selon hs regies. The duenna insists upon our admiring the beauty of the headdress and the thickness of the em broidered satin whereof her tunic is made ; but, abovo all, she will pull up the trousers to exhibit the faultless proportions of the little feet. They are marvellously small. A flea couldn't find ro^r^tQ^on^tl^tWtleiilipp^, 'Qhip^li^J' let us be off. - Thera i* another decorated dwelling on. our way, but it ia a cottage, and presents a different scene. Three men are drinking -samshu at table, while the bride, dressed in her. borrowed bravery, aits, in a barrel in \ the , most . distant corner, alone and unnoticed. To-morrow and for ever more she will be a beast of burden. Perhaps, however, she will, in the fulness of time, create lier own distractions. . A few years may pro bably see a crowd of xnangey brats, exhibiting ' every i'orm and species of cutaneous complaint, lighting and yelling over their rice basins, and, aided by the mother's shrew voice and the grandmother's croak, making their neighbour hood unbearable. . °. _Buch a. family lived opposite to my bedroom j ** NingPo- From early cockcrow to sundown the screams and shrill cries were unin termittent The nuisance burst into being ? 0Q * 8ud*«; hut I found, on en quiry, that it had existed in its present aggravated form abont two yean before, and waB then cured. A'ter many 'vain remonstrancss^an English merchant com plained to the Toutar. Sexi day thaJord of the house was sent for to tha Prefecture, and, being suspended by the thumbs, received^ blows of the bamboo; he was then dismissed with a warning. When that respectable housekeeper returned disjointed and macerated to his dwelling, he went in and shut nia doors about him. .What happened ia the bosom of that family no man may know ; but thence forward the rice was eaten inside the house, and the screams did not vibrate in the street. When I heard of this I thought I would try what a threat of the Toutar would do, 10 I sent my boy down with a message. He re turned with the air of an envoy who has failed. 'Well, what does the woman say?' 'She talkeo no care— la?t moon husband dead.' We must oil. it is not pleasant to lincer in the streets of a Chinese city. The porters jostle you, and the palanquins push you aside, and the smells assail you. The French. Jesuit to whom a compatriot© applied to send her specimens of all the finest scents of China, rather exaggerated when he replied, ' Alas ! Madam, in China there is but one scent, and that is not a perfume.' There are many scents, but with the exception of the white blossom wherewith they scent their teas, none of them are perfumes. We bustle our way through the narrow '' streets. We pass the temples and the yamuns, unentered, for we have wen .a hundred such before, and we rcaoh the Tea Gardens of Shanghai city. These are worth a visit, for they are the best I have seen in China. A Chinese garden is usually about 20 yards square, but these cover an area of 10 acres. It is an irregular figure, flanked by rows of shops, rudely analogous to those of the Palais Royal. The area is traversed in all directions by broad canals of stagnant water, aU grown over with green, and crossed by zigzag wooden bridges, of the willow pattern plate model, sadly out of repair, ana destitute 'of paint. Where tho water is not there are lumps . of artificial rock work, aud ? largo pavilion-shaped tearooms, perhaps 20 in number. . Here self-boating kettles of gigantic proportions are always hissing and bubbling ; and at the little tables the Chinese population are drinking tea, smoking, eating almond hardbake of poinegranatee, playing dominoes, or arranging bargains*. There are interstices also of vacant land, and these are oc cupied by jugglers and pcopshow men. From the upper room of one of these teahouses we shall have a view of the whole sceno, and A'Lin will order us a cup of tea and some cakes fox lunch. The jugglers and gymnasts below are doing much the same kind of tricks which their brethren of England and France perform. M. Houdin and Mr. Anderson would find their equals among these less- pretending wizards. I am told that those peep-Bhow* which old men are looking into, and laughing, and which young boys are ; not pre vented from seeing, contain representations of the grossest obscenity. Here is a ventriloquist who, attracted by our European costumes, at the casement, has come up to perform. ' Give him a dollar, A'Lin, and tell him to begin,' That dusty, half- clad wanderer would moke another fortune for Barnum. He unfolds hit pack, and constructs out of some ourtaina q small closed room. Into this he retires, and immediately a little vaudeville is heard in progress inside. Half a dozen voices in rapid dialogue, sounds, and movement, and cries of animals, and the platter of falling arti cles, tell tho action of the plot. The company from the tea-tables who had gathered round, wag their tails with laughter, especially at the broadest sallies of humour, and at the most indecorous denouements. In truth, there is no difficulty even to us in com prehending what is supposed to be going on in that little room. The incidents are, indeed, somewhat of the broadest— not so bad as the scenes in our orthodox old English comedies, such as 'The Custom of the Country,' for in stance, or ' The Conscious Lovers ; but still they are very minutely descriptive- of facts not proper to be described. The man's talent, however, would gain him full audiences in Europe without the aid of grossnesB. ' Ho lai'— ' fire, there.' Shall we litrht a cheroot and stroll about? JJont make too sure, Mr. Bull, that the gentleman in the man darin cap, who is holding you by the button and grinning in your face, is saying anything complimentary about you. In a journey up the country, a fat Frenchman, whohad equipped himself in an old mandarin coat, a huge pair of China boots, and a black wide-awake, was leaning upon a bamboo spear, while his boat was being drawn over one of those mud em bankments, which serve the purpose of our locks. He also was very much nattered at the politeness of an old man who prostrated him self three times before him, and chuvohuved him. Unluckily an interpreter was present, who explained that this old man took our' French friend for the Devil, and was worship ping him in that 'capacity according to Chinese rites. In fact, the Frenchman in his antique disguise rather resembled a Chinese idoL But ask the French Consul at Shanghai about thii 5 ' he can tell the story better than I can. , Some of the beat shops of Shanghai city open upon the tea gardens ; some resound with the buzz! of imprisoned insects and the long of caged birds ; there are ' curio' shops, where are to be seen antiquities of dynasties long anterior to the Christian era, carefully wrought by living hands ; there are caricatures of the English barbarians, one of which I cannot refrain from buying ; there are earring^ in bamboo, very inferior to Canton; there are shops for fans and embroideries and silks, de cidedly interior to Ningpo. There ia aw- the studio of a portrait painter, not probably a dangerous rival to Lamquo, of Macao. There ia loud talking in that studio. A Yankee captain isinspectingaportrait of himself, which ha#ajen painted at a contract price of some 20 dollars. The Yankee is a nun about forty, with stfeaki of grey ia his bushy hair end beard, jrj^is- slight defect in one eye, a largo note, end a pock-marked, face. Yet, withal, thanks to hi* affluence of hair and an expression, of .jtuntr determination, and deyii-mayrcare go-ah&d-; 'ness, he is a manly-looking fellow. He is look ing ruefully, however, at this counterfeit pro* sentment of himself, which is to go to the girl of his heart aiKew York. It is a most laugh ter-moving caricature of -ell the salient points of his physiognomy; The Yankee swears that jit is no more, like him than hickory-nuts are like thunder. The artist has produced m small looking-glass, which he places beside the por trait, and pointing to the grey hair and the squinting eye and the pockmarka of ? the por trait, and then to the present originals from which they were copied, sa/8 triumphantly at each verification, ' Hab got ? Hab got ? , , Hab got ? How can make nandsom man 'sposo no* got handsome foes?' Let us leave threft parties, for there seems likelihood of a hot do* pure j and, arming ourselves- with another cheroot as a defence againat bad, smells, retrace our steps throngh the city, and out at the east gate.':---'''''- ' . '??' ; : '. ru'' 'r::'v We are again upon the Bund. The sun is, down, and the European population are taking exercise in the short twilight. The merchants and their wives are returning in carriages or on borieback from their ride round the raoecourne, or ore walking;' the missionaries and 'their wive* are riding up and down on their ponies, The shadows grow deeper, and you can Bosnia recognise your acquaintances as they pass. - ?- And now, Mr. Bull, it is time to go' in and dress for dinner. I hope daring our day** stroll I have given you some notion of the city and' settlement of Shangai, which, if yon, are a wise man, and open up the Yang4af-- Eiang, will.be s most important place both to yon and to your descendants for many a long generations Hojharr hot tub Best Ponor,-^w.irbi troth la,' tiit the CammonuaUk, MrcMUMHJv^tt* oU-ft*hum«d' mode of nuking a Ilrdftood or anthiiur . die.br working for It, la downright nanaaDae..JEmty one ofoa who atlofca to tt a moment loanr ia aa araaat -fool and taerrea to be faooM ©at of society u an hoar* rizible nruff. Hnuatr ia a disgnattajf dainfao, and there is aomethiofr lnwffKftbl? tkkeniat; ta the old aud perfectly obwleU pftrnb about kriattr/.Mbtftbi (bad to wealth. Fnsd, tmpodlion, d«wUc&iuIiaab;£r£ the high aiiatoentie stoat, sot in tteiJe^, trim? plebeian aente of paying debta. No. Wkaimmatani will have is the power of flecdnt; tn&km; aa* others by the great stamped paper operattoo, and tbn.tbe power of keeping the phuidrr by extending to taal&w; tb| 