OUB NATIONAL OEFBNCES. {From th» Patriot, Jun* ll.) mere ii « paper, beaded " Invasion Invited, bj tba' Defrneelea* State of England," which Mir readers wi.l . find reprinted in anotlier eolurxin. Thia paper bat been widely circulated among naval men, «nd grava captai» in bigb command are known to «hake tbeir beads moora-: fully, end admit that it is all too true. The public are harder of belief; they are startled by the terrible con- dition of affairs, which these fae's open to tbeir view. Tba paper proves too much, they think; they can hardly realise the laot that Kngland )ieB so open to attack as . ' the statements-the uudisputed and the indisputable s'at em en ts-there made would compel them 'to believe. They think the compilers of this dnenmentaro trjiog to frighten them with a ghost story; thut if they really believe it themselves it is only a proof of their : brain-sickness,-a monomania of some people, as our basy-goiog gentleman smilingly remarks. One laughs , at the matter aa a n ere. stock.broker's hoax. Another sayR, ho thinks he has heard something like it before, and will probably h ar a good deal of the samo sort of thing again. Another thinks it is impossible thtngs cam be so bad,-impossible any Government could have let thom go to such a pitch. Another, like " Horatio, «aya 'tia but our phantasy. And will not lot bailor tako hold of him, Touching thia dreaded sight." In a word, it is a great deal too unp'easant to believe aa long aa a man can possibly "firtify bis ears against '. the story." But there is one thing about this Paper which distinguishes it from other documents of a sinai. ? . 1er nature. Ko man can contradict tho faots it sets forth. / We are at this moment utterly wi bout defenoe against Fran oh invasion, if by any misobanoe such a thin* , should be attempted ; and whi'e we exceedingly dislike . playing the. roil of alarmists, and assuredly havo no " desire to see any uniieoeBsary increase , in our already. - ' enormous Naval and Militai y expenditure, we deem it a H duty to call tho attention of our readers to the startling ' state of things which is here disolosod. F ???? When Folyerates bad had aa extraordinary ran of good luck, bis prudent friend advised'him to make a ; sacrifioe to Nemesis, by throwing bis, most viluable i treasure into the sea. ; Wo suppose our ministers are so ; struok with tho many giftB which fortune bas. conferred , upon our island, that they ure trying to propitiate tba ' fates in the same way. They have accordingly sacrificed 1 bur Channel fleet-assuredly the rnr.Bt valuable treasure* ¡ we possessed,.because tho one on which.the safety, of all. ; the rest depended. To be sure, the blame does not rest , principally with the' present ministry. All that can be ,sairt against them is, that they have not 'immediately tried to r pair the grievous''error into which tho late ' administration fell. But if they.delay any longer, their , guilt will be of the most serious nature. . ; Petbaps. roost people who have insured their lives . ; and bousuB, and think tuemsolveS'vdry safe subjeots, are not aware on wh it this supposed security really depends. " l t does not depend on our own strength. Our army ia ' almost entirely in India, our militia almost entirely din- , . banded, our navy almost eotirely abroad, or unfit, for , service. Of the numerous gun-boats we prepared just, too late to'be of «ny use in the1 last: war, som o are in Chilla, and would probably bo just too late in" arriving ' in tho Cbaunol, to bo of any service in case of a future . war; and some are so conveniently placed on shore, r that it' would be simply impossible to get them into water, until it was just too lato for thora to :be of any'" avail in rosisting the1 enemy.-- Our - line-of-battlo - ships ' aro every where>:in ? the -world ' except ini: ? the Channell (.bins is safe; India is safe; the -. Mediterranean is safe; the Atlantio and Paoifia Oceans ', are safe-every, placo is safe except bur own ooasts;^ We oould drive the Frehoh out of Tahiti, and the French ' could drive us ont of Weymouth. Our Channel Fleet <" consists - of two line^of-battle .sbips, whioh .keep a :, mournful guard over our shores, like the solitary half-pay \ officer who constituted " the military" in the Revolution '' of Stoke Pogis. It is not therefore to our own strength I that wo must look for safety. . : Ia it, then, to the weakness of our neighbour? 'His ' army consists of 400,000 men, and he bas just raised an : additional foroo of 43,000. He has drawn a large por-.f tion of his troops from Algeria; he bas completed a rail- 1 way to Cherbourg, by whioh any number of forces could ' be brought in a day or two to that - fortress. This port ~: be has strongly protected by sea and land, and from its quays troops .can walk at - once on board the transport , vessels end men-of- war it contains in its harbour. The . fleet is ' numerous, Blmost ats numerous as oar own,- . better built, better manned, and nil within narrow limits, . insteadof being distributed over the world. Seventy thous- and sailors have just been called out to man his navy, a,, large part of whioh is collected at Cherbourg ; and these men are said to be armed with revolvers. In less than« week all the troops scattered from Marseilles to ' Boulogne, and from Brest to Strasbourg, could be col- lected at given stations in the North ; and in a few houri ? aa many as the whole force of tbe French navy could land, might be disembarking, on our defenceless shores. ' It is not, therefore, to the weakness or inability of our i neighbour that wo must look for safety. Is it, then, to any love borne to us by the Continental " Powers, who would interfere to prevent, an invasion of our shores? Why should they, love us? Our Govern- , ment is free ; theirs is despotic. , They make refugees;'1 we harbour tbaoa. They wish to suppress the small Free''* States of the Continent ; we are determined that they : shall be loft untouched. Their interests. and feeling! . aro alike hostile to us. We may be a useful ally in war, but for all that they would gladly be rid of us. We ' oftener thwart'than help them. Our freedom on- ; dangers their very existence. If wa are accidentally of i service to them in any alliance, they know it is from no . love to them, but because we believo it to he useful to [ ourselves ; and they bear us no gratitude accordingly. It : i is not, ther fore, to the love of the Continental Powers '1 that we must 110k for safety. . . \- Is it, then, to the respeot and affection borne to us by . the Emperor.qf the Frenob ? ,\Ve .bint at no;suspicion. ¡ Ho muy bo as friendly as he seoras ; but still it is bat.! seeming.' He is the mah of the 3nd of December. He ' is not restrained by delicate scruples,' or by past profas- : sions ; he is more likely to consult bis own ambition than our safety., He possesses the common hatred , which all dospolio powers do to "England, with this ad- . ditional sting to its bitterness, that be ' is the marked ' object of the plots indulged.in by those refugees whom England-entertains. He is only a man.; and, however i friendly now, circurastanoos may arise whioh will induce : him to change. Besides, ho is not absolute Governor of. France. He dare not punish tbe outrages committed by ' bis nrmy. ' Ho is beoome the servant and instrument of his own troops. It is not, thereforo, to the rospeotand" afl'iotion of tho Emperor of the Frenob'that we must ; look for safety. Is it, then, in the friendly feeling of his army to- wards England 1 We know that it hates us,-that a ' few months ago it desired to bo led on against tn; that'* tho most popular of all wars would be ono whioh - promised the. downfall of Britain. ' So wo are neither retying upon our,own strength, nor upon our neigh- , blur's wenlmess, nor upon support from the Continent,' nor upon the French Emperor, nor upon the feelings ' of the French army. We are relying on nothing; but like the ostrioh, we' have buried -our heads in the sand, and are relying : on sur own blinduoBS to conceal us from; the foo. Is this tho position in whiah a groat nation should bo found? .'If there are no hostile designs upon us, we' aro at all events tempting thom. .But bow do wo know' there may bu nono to morrow ? Or trnw aro we to carry out our own views where they dash with those of Franoo when Franco oan nt once compel ua to submission Ly the . knowledge Of our defenceless condition ? We hnvo, like ' I>ar, stripped ourselves of everything; anti who knows that tho power we hnvo thrown away miry not bo used,, against us, ns it was against him ? Sir Ctinrlos Napier bas given notice of his intention toquestion Government this ovoning ns to whether they intend to re-embody tho1 militia, and ono« mnr^nr/ivi .*» ns with the inilispeueablo, defenoo of a Ohnnn<»l. ll.'i". W-> .im]i look for their roply with much nnxin'y. / 