TBK PBOäPEOC FOU AUSTRALIA IN TH« I BVEN f OF A WAR ' WITH FRANCE : I Bxraa A LEOTUBE SEUVBRED M TBS ETEMWO or \- MONDAY, TUE 23RD XByTANT, BY TBE DEV. DE. -L*KO. JN.B. This Leelare wa« advertised to ba delivered in tba Lecture .Boom, Jamison-street, but mt the place, which bolds only abeut 230, wai lound much too email for the audience, the meoting was' transferred to the Soots* Ciiurcb. Dr. Lang requested that io consideration oí the place there should ba "rio audible expression o( feeling* on -, the 1 oocasibn, and commencing with th« Lord's Prayer, in which the audienco all devoutly joiued, ho proceeded as follows.]. Fellow Colonists arid Friends I happened to be ia England during the memorable year 1848, when tho Third French Revolution, took the wbolcr European world by surprise, and tho efiVte Government of King Louis Phi ippe was superseded by the French Repub ic and the National Assembly. . Lours Napoleon,'the nephew of the great Napoleon Buonaparte, .was eleoted one-of thc members of that Assembly.; «nd come r tims thereafter, when a Constitution waa established by the National Assembly, he : was ichoson President of tho Republio. The English Press and the people of England generally were very much displeased at-this choice of the people -of France, and every \- vituperative -epithet waa liberally applied on the ocoasicrn both 1o the French people and to the man ol their choice. 1 happened to tdke. a different view of the casa,' and in a letter which'I published on the sohjeot in an ; influential ' paper '- in ' .London,. and iii which I admitted that, if -1 had been a Frenchman myself, 'I should have -voted for General Cavaignac, the ^-unsuccessful competitor of Louis ^Napoleon, I shewed'thaf it "exhibited a-generous impulse on the part ? of'the 'French people' (which'entitled, them«t least to the .cordiali sympathies of all candid Englishmen), that they, had ''elected' as their 'President,-the nephew of a Boan'.who'had done so much for the honour and glory of tbjsir jiatioti, notwithstanding all..the Buffering and sor. row'he, had brought upon it through bis unbridled sm ? fütión, and ,who .had, experienced eventually «ot a little "injustice -at pur..own hands. I mention this circum- stance, to. shaw that my --best wisheB, at tko period in ?question; were .with¡'Louis Napoleon, in the high office to;which he had been called by his'country, nod >that say cordial sympathies -were-entirely with tte people of Ftance...., :? 1 . . ?' * .'-. 'You'«re all aware how 1>'->uis Napoleon worked the vessel of the State, at tbe "helm of whioh he had thus been'plBced by his too confiding country.' ' Every engine of power,-every means of corruption, seems to hove been'employed by that artful and unprincipled «eherner to destroy the constitution to whioh he had sworn allegi- ance," and to subvert the very Government'whiob he had . <tak«n4he most solemn oath« to maintain áad perpetuáis. ; AUlength'the coup d état.oí the second December, 1851, : -concluded the: first soeoe of, this'"strange eventful * history;" the Republic 'and' ...the National Assembly receiving their death-blow at the banda of their own President, and tho Empire being again inau- ' . «drated, through the notorious f^rce of {ho ballot-bos', J tinder Louis Napoleon. I need scarcely add that the 1 mean's employed to effect this "mighty, 'this retrograde . revolution, were, as is well Jmown,throughout, the whole civilised world, high treason, on the part .of tho chief actor, perjury and murder 1 Bat "the end sanctifies tho means" is apparently the grand maxim of modern politics, and not in France only as we shall see pre- sently ; and suocess, like charity, is supposed to cover a \- multitude of sinB I One of the last injunctions whioh that great 'man, George Washington, addressed to bis country, on retir- ing from tho office of President of the United StataB of America; was to Bland clear of all " entangling Euro. . peàn alliances." And there can be no doubt that the wonderful success that has hitherto attended that coun try.in its past political,career, is attributable in no small degree to'the strict adherence,of its rule s to this^afn and-salutary.rule. lt weam uave oeen wen tor cngiana bad she followed, as I conceive she might have done with porfeot faoility,during the past ten years, thia pre- eminently wine course. She had only to exhibit .to the Government of. the French ^Bepublio in tba first in- stance,.and.to that of Louis Napoleon thereafter, that courtesy and kindliness wbioh our common Christianity enjoins,-but to stand clear-of all entangling alliances with both, whether for offensive or for defensive.warfare Great-Britain was in no way accountable for the high treason, »perjury, and murder with wuk-h the .Fronch .. Emperor bad axed his way to the throne. To use the language of one of her own poets, "lier bul warka" ..were . "on. ,the . brine," as they had always been, and she bad nothing to fear from any aggressor.; but Bhe bad a high cuaraoter to maintain in tbe world as tho first of the Christian nations-she.had to provo to all mankind.that Bhe was true in her alie, glance to the moral law of tbe ten commandments. And was Ibis character, lash, maintained when she formed an offensive and defensive alliance with tho Emperor of the French'?'-'when royal and imperial visits were inter- changed so lovingly and so affectionately between Buok . ingham Palace and the Tuilleries? X tbiuk not. On tho contrary ; ire thereby gave the national sanction of an approval to nil Lout« Napoleon',! crimes. . And when lier Majesty, >Quecn Victoria, condescended (doubtless et the instance of ber responsible Ministry)'to buckle on the insignia of tho order of the Gartor. on the leg of . man whom all Europe recognized as a traitor, a per- jured man, and a murderer, I have no hesitation in say. ing that tho deepest dishonour and disgrace was entailed upon the.wholoiBritishnation. (Sensation.)..I felt as. Bured, from tho flrht, that the God of Heaven would frown displeasure and condemnation upon this F enob .Bianco-that in all likelihood it would ba shortlived in its duration, and would issue eventualtyin disappointment and disbbnourrif-nbt even in disaster. I feel confident, indeooT, tbat sooner, or later tbe full vials of tbe wrath of the Almighty will be poured out upon Great Britain for her conduct-her groas dereliction of duty and .the na- tional guilt which tit incurred-in this matter of the' French alliance. It was in virtue of that alliance that we proclaimed war against Busala in tho.year 1884.-I em happy' to think, that I publiely denounced and protestod against that war as an unjust and unneoessiry war, both at a great publie meeting held on the subject in this oily in tho month pf Muy, 1854, and'aiterwards on tho floor nf the late Legislative Council, of whloh I was then a member. We bavo heard enough, and I -think much more than enough, of the'honour and glory of that war, although I ' should be sorry to be supposed to depreciate in the 1 slightest degree the servicosof those who won their »«VI. ' merited'laurels on the bloody fluids. I feel confident, however, that posterity will.pass o very different award tipon both tho objoot and result of tbe great struggle of tho Crimea from that to which .we have been aocustnmed to listen for years pant in our own too self-confident boasting. .'For is it not the fact 'that the Russians, these nortborn barbarians wbom we,-were wont to despise, were' enabled for' a -long period month .fter' '., month to . .«ithstand suoooBsfully the whole chivalry of ¡Franca and England combined ? Ia it not the fact that after all tboir enormous expenditure of blood and treasure, ibo whole foroâ of these combined nations only sucoeeded in taking a single HuBsian town not half the sizo.of Sydney t The politioal r suits of that -famous wnr, .aa well as of the French I allianoe under whiob it was oonduated, and of whiob we were all so proud for the time, are already universally recognised to have been absolutely valueless. Sut there is a mornl result of that war .still to. bo devel- oped, as I.am confident it will be, and ,at no distant Seriod, in the dark'and mysterious future. For aa we ave burned in the word " Waterloo" upon the heart of France, to be remembered against us in s om o ooming days of national vengeaaoo, so iiave wo burned in the ' word *' Sebastopol, " foi a similar emergency upon the heart of Russia." At «ll oven ts there is now virtually an .ond of tho Frenob alliance, and of all the bright and brilliant hopes that were; h un g around'it; for if we can giie oroilit to the present Gbanoellor of the Exchequer, Groat ¡Britain was very reoontly within a few hours of a war with Fran oe 1 And although that particular «loud has passed .way for tbe'tirae.tke political firmament is still dark and lowering, and events of tremendous import, ino'.udingin «ll likelihood wars and revolutions of. . fearful and sanguinary okaracter, are evidently impending over the European world. I cannot suppose, indeed, that LonU Napoleon lias personally any peouliar feeliuga of hos- tility, towards G. eat Britain. On tba contrary, I rather think ho wishes well to us, os an old Refugee,who has j experienced % our hospitality. But, in common with myriads and ,myriads more of intelligent. Frenahmon, tho remembra'nao of Waterloo seems to haunt him like a ghost; and ni the nephew of the first Napoleon, ho ls the representativo (OB ho told tho Frenob HOURO of Peers undor Louis Philippe) of that groat national defeat and disgrace-a defeat to be avenged only on the field of hattie, a disgrace to,ba wiped away in tho humiliation of ita authors. ' Independently, however, of his own porsonnl and pri- vate feelings on this fuhjeot, 'Couts Napoleon is very muoh.tho child of circumstances. He has bent tho iron how of despotism so powerfully that it threatens to snap asunder in his hands. He has rjn«n to his present, giddy elevation on the shoulders of bis army; but likn tho fntnnoB Praitorinn guards of ancient [lome, those armed manufacturers gf mpdern Emperors hive «Iready beaoms loo stroan aad too formidable for tbccr masters. Tho safety or tbe Hiter may depend in futara on hi« shewing thom a field of atrito that will rouse within them all the demon of war-on bia point ¡og oat to'them a foe worthy of their sharpest steel and unheard-of booty lor thu Gallio victors. In short, an invasion of England, and a' aimtiltaneoai attack upon ber colouies, may be the lait card jn the band of Louis Napoleon ; and the author of the coup ditat of 1801, ia not the man to refuse to play il, in the proper crisis of the gnme of Empire. .This at all events is the impres- sion in England at tbe present moment, nnd it is also the impression in tb eso colonies; for one of our own celebrities, the well-known author of tho fumons Eleotoral ?Act of-1801¿ is goinß to -ask-theTeprpsentatlves of the Government in our Upper HOUBO on Wednesday next, whether it is all'right with' our national defences! 1 (jonfess I have no wjsb to anticipate the Solioitor-Gene ral's answer to lin's important question. I aro not poing to say a word this evervring about our nationnl defences; but I propose to point out to you what I conceive will prove, in any conceivable emergency, tbe cheapest and tho; befit" defrtiou'of the~Austr.ilian nation. (Subdued applause.) ... . -, .' j "U'lmt, theo, I ask, isihé prospect 'for Australia in the event of _a war with Franco ?'-Thero. is much light thrown upon this suhjeot in a Parlínwrwfar»/ Inquiry of the French Government info the Condition and OrganU zation r&iiha; French Navy, ot whioh there is an anio exposition in the Edinburgh Rteieio of July, 1802. The following is the account which the reviewer gives of that very interesting . document.-exbibittng, as it does, the whole polioy of France in anticipation, of a war with England: I On'lhi 31st Of October, 1948, the ' Legislative Assembly of tho 'French Ropnblio passed n law ordering that an investigation should bn instituted into the whole stats of the navy liy a com 'mission of fifteon-members of tho Assembly i ts ol f, to be elector! 'by ballot from tho »bolo number. The Commission thus ap- pointed comprised, amongst othor ominont mon, Admiral Her nrrox, Vico Admiral Lsiué, and Oaptain-Charnor of tho Marino service; the Duke of MontoboMo, M.'l>aru, and M. Lacrosse, who had boon, or wore about to bo, Ministers of Marino; and M. 'Julos de Lastyrio, M. Lanjuinals, Baron Charles Dupln, and M. 'Bafrture, of parliamentary colehrity. M.' Dufaive was choson presldont and roportor of the Commission, In the oourso nf two yoars,-from November 1819 to November 1851,-tho Commission -vlsi od all the naval arsonals of Franco, and bold S03 sittings, sometimos at tho ports tliemsolvos, Boraotlmoa in Paris ; it ex- amined cighty-nina witaosses, whero depositions' were taken ?down in short-band. The evidence was, in fact, complete, and M. Dufouro had already made some progress, in tho preparation of his reportjWhon tho roupjTftal of tho 2nd of Decomber, 1851, -took place. The Commissi >n and its labours wore of coarse ex- tinguished by the same blow wbiob annihilated tho Constitution, . the Legislature, and tho liberties Of tho nation. .-The Minister of Marino, however, who took oluoo nndcr Louis Napoleon, ox ' pressod a desire that tboso important and assiduous labours should Dot bo a'togethor wasted, and that the minutes and ovi donoo collectod by the Commission «lloilld at least bo pnt upon -record. The greator part of this vuluablo matter was already in typo.-and moro than A'lroo had boen spont in printing it. Under these olrcumstancos M. Collas, the secrolary, was induced to completo bin task, upon condition that ho was allowed to print tho whale ovidonco and proceedings prccisoly as the Commission had left it, without alteration or omission to suit tho oonvenionco of the Admiralty- The Itoport, by M. Dufauro was to have formod a third volume, but wo understand that only about one fourth part of this lteport has bena written, and oven if it woro complote it could no loDger reaelva-tbe usssnt of tho wholo Com- mittee. The materials on which this Report was to have been drawn np aro, howovor, wholly before us, and this Important ovidonco hos already boen more minutely examined, and may bo. oome botter known in this country than in Franco; for although tho Government of Louis Napoloon allowed the Investigation lo ' bo completed and tho ovfdenoo to bo printed, very few copies of this work have been porratlted to leave tho Imprimerie Nationale, and we rejoice thatooo of them has fallen into our hands. The first object of the Commission was to institute o comparison between the navies of France and of Eng- land, first, in regard to the materiel, or the ships of war, and second,- in regard to the personnel, or the means and facilities of manning the respective navies. .The follow- ing is the.conclusion to whioh the reviewer comes on the subject. " Franco," observes Admiral - La Sulzë, " in case of maritime war, could disp se of 00,000 men, which is sufficient to man eyer.y vessel in tho fleet." "To express in a singlo sentones tho verdlot wo should be dis- posed to glvo on tho evidohce' we are about to lav before our readers, we entertain no doubt thal the materiel of "tho British navy is ouperlorin the proportion of 2 or 3 to 1 to thc*, of Franco; b ot .tho resources of France in tho pertonnel of tho navy aro so much more available and comploto than our owD.by reason of tho absolute command tillich tho Stato retains ever tho whole sea. faring population, that this advantage in some degree counter- balances tho othor causes of inferiority in tho.maritime forces of Pranoe." ' " This Inqnlry demonstrates that oar neighbours hovo full considered, and deliberately adopted, all that would in .caso a war bs most injurious to the oommorco and tho territory o \- Groat Britain ; that llloy contemplate a ohange In tho principio of raaritime warfare," expressly dlrectod against* this country and that thoy are notdismayod by the vast oatley and prolongée exertions which oatralono givo.eftbot to tboir plana." " Tho ll ret point to which tile uttontlon of tho Commission mu direotod was tho aol uni strength to be giron to tho navy. MV« mast flrst ostabllsh,' said. M. Collas^ tho eoorotary, 'thonnmbei of ships ofthe line that Franco caa and ought to pat lo sea thij day tb at war is deolurod. On thia hoad, we have a oortain basis. Our adversary 1B known. It can only boEuglaod.'" I shall not occupy your time with the details given by the reviewer as to the numbers and the strength of the Frenoh navy. ? Suffice it to say, that at the period ta which tb'e'Inquiry refer*, tho French navy, which bas since been greatly increased and strengthened under the Empire,'consisted of 002 ships of war, inoluding a steam fle°t of 108 véasela of all sizes. '-" -'. ? ? . "" In the sitting of tho Commlltoo of tho 19th February ISM, it waa resolved unaulmously, that SO fri gatos, of tho first class should be built for stoara- power d grande vileste; and that'"as many other frigates as possib'o should'hs flttod with auxiliary sorow.propellcrs 'to escort swift' sailing vosssls vrbioli.jujjiht oonvoy troops for disembarkation.'" "' ' . " Silling vessels for tho transport of troops are to be nboltshod, and S i steam-propolled transports of largo size, oapabla of ooiu Toying 1000 man' oaoh, kopt la roadlness. Of thoBO transports, which nro paddlo sloamom originally built for another purpose, tho ' Descartes" Is tho best specimen. Bbo has carried IS0O men with all tboir munitions and baggage, and rarkes bar passages between Toulou and . Algiers in forty hours wilh that forcoioft boord nt au expenso not exceoding 10,001 francs. Tb o ' Labra- dor,' in tbo oxpodllioh to Romo, carried 110 horses,.700 mob, and. aa verni' field guns at one«. Tho- . Montozuma' carried, on one occasion, 180(1 mon, ll horses, and baggage." . ": " It has been justly remarked by Sir Howard Doaglas".-ihr him observations on this ovidonco, thnt tho Fronoh do not propose to mis« their ltne-of-ba(tlo ships to the strangth it possessed bofóre* the Revolution. In 1788 France had 83 ships of the l|no,andovon Kapoloon, aftor tho battle of Trafalgar, in lHiil), had 02 ships of Ibo line afloat and SI building. Hut tun nnture of tho prepara tloas for marítimo warfnrn reaommondad by this Committee aro of a different character. They rely for tho success of their Aug in futuro hostilities, especially with this country, on the number and velocity of- their smaller vóssols, ond on the capacity and Sower of tboir steam transports. For tho objeots proposod aro to brass the onomy in bis foreign trado and on his coasts, caro fully avoiding a general action. And for tlioso purposes swift, ness and faoillty of locomotion undor all olrcumstuncos aro most ossenliul conditions." " A maximum of force ts Indlspensablo to engago with suecos» and enemy's ship within broadside range, though an enemy of a superior. velocity has nothing ta :foar ovon from a stronger vessel from whiob ho can escapo. A maximum of volocity. thoroforo, enables a weaker vessel to brave tho Biipo'rlor force of tho onomy. Force is of uso onfy in proaonoo of an enemy power- fully armed ; volooity onablès'you to harass and osoapo his arma- ments. Velocity I«, thorefore, tho natural weapon against an onomy botter armed and more vulnorublo on dlfloront points. It is tho natural and indlspensablo weapon of tho nnrtv weakest in resources, least poworful at sea, and most daring'hy national olinroctor (?) .It is, theroforo, tho natural weapon of France. . '. * lu another point of view our geographical position recommends tho samo seloolion of tho moans of thc marítimo warfare. Let us suppose a war breaking nut with Ennland In tho Mediterranean. j or elsewhere, /or it would onnally bo fought out in tho Modltor : ranoan. Supposo a (loot at Toulon which oan pat to aaa,-a fleet I apaolally oompoaod of vassals of first-rate pawer« but with only . BO much auxiliary steam-power as is noconsary to manoiuvro in notion or to conquor tho Imporlom difficulties of navigation. : England mtiBt keep her ovos on such a Hoot, and miiBt theroforo malntalu a largo sh aro of her marítimo resouraes in tho Mediter- ranean. Her vessels would bo far from their stores of ooal : our vassels would bo near our own. Honcsvtbo InoroasoJ British ?convoy of supply would' bo moro than aver obligod to pass tho btraite of Gibraltar, and to pass our western aoastn, and after- wards botwoon tho ooasts of Franco and of Alglors. Suppose then a-few of our vessels of great velocity laying watt In our At- lantic or Algerinn ports 1 Engin, il would'bo obliged to convoy her Bupplloa on the whole longth nf passage ; and to ostablisb a oanpleto systom of dofonoo though not a French emisor woro In night. 'If those convoys aro in sailing vessels (whioh they must beai«toamors only carry tho coal they consume), they will ba oxposod to continual snrprlson. Thoy must, therefore, bo do. fonded .by swift stoumore ; and Franco will be enablod to koop up this Incessant systom of alarm by .having rocourao onlv to these Inexpensive principias in the atruoluroof hor vessels.1" " Supposing, however, tho number of frigates in tho French fleet to bo flxocl atforly-flvo or fifty, all being ovontnally provided with steam power, tho nttontlnn of tho Commission woro noxt direotod lo tho modo in whioh such a foroo could ho most effcet ually distributed. On this subject all tho mombors of tho Com- mission seerado havo concurred in tho opinion that it was de- straillo ts have al all timos a largo number of frigates so,dis- persed over tho globe, .that on tho flrst arrival of newe of a declaration of »ar, thoy oouli instantly pounoe with tho greatest offoot on tho trading voss ol s of England. Admiral Ueruaiix said that ' tho only use .of frlgatas honoeforlh was to harass the com- merce of tho enemy, ospoolollyJn the Indian sous,' M. Collas, the Secretory of the Commission, proposod a aehemo .oxnreasly adapted in timo of poaco,tovpreparoaftir tho moment when all Ibo postassions of Kugland mlght-bo attacked at nnoo, and espe- cially her trade at the outaot of tho war. To striko iho trado of Kn gland is to compel her to moko peaoo, Eugland possosses at Ibis moment tho marítimo commerco of tho world with Europe ; to ruin this ooramorco everywhere at oneo, and so to obligo Eng- land to maintain poaoo from tho dread of Irainenso disasters, is I tho ohjoot of my pion.' " Admiral Túalnó addod Uut,< although tba frigates «ont for thia finrpoan to India might bo In jeopardy, yetthat was no reason tb orogo harassing tho commerça of tho onomy, especially as they might give support to tho native popiilatl n whsnovor It was dis nosed lo rovolt against Uugland.' Anothor mombor snggesled tthut a blow might bo strnok with groàt ofTont at Aden, Tim samo woapons might be employed, lt waa argued, with oquol elToot on our trade up channel, and to keep our oaasta in oonstant alarm." "Ono of Ibo most compotont witnesses oxamlnod bvtho Com. mltteowaa M. Normand, a private shipbuilder at Havre, who "'jf Ijnay oxpross an opinion on tho maritime warbro to bo wagod by Prance. I should soy that she can only oorry on a gurrrr itt vourte ia tho Channel and lu distant sosa, For tho Channel wo want swifl vessels, with sorow-propollors and a light draught of water, oapablo of running Into our perta an avery part of the aoasL 'J'lioy should bo roal blrda of proy, ablo to fall upon tho enomy's vossols,whore thoy olfao to attack thom, and to escapo with oortnlnly when they aro eotnpalletl to ratlro." in regard to thu accommodation afforded for navel purposes hy thc Kron oh harbours, in tho prospeot of a war with England, and of (he invasion of that anitntry. the reviewer quotes tho following from n cnnfldrntlal nop»r snhmittBil tn tho British Admiralty by Sir Byam Marlin, Admiral of tho Fleet t " * This ofuoer statod that the throo harhnnra, Dunkirk. Galois* and llaulogne, had been so enlarged and deopnued as to bo oapa hie of receiving inore than loo largo war steamers. *' Hy moans of thoso Improve! harbours tho Frsnoh will be able lo assemble ao great a number of steamers, as may almost fill up |h« apace between Calais sud Povpr «.nd (Mwara ready to »ovo I ' '.'.'!?. ? i', .i .? whan th* auUsM* tim* arrives far mmitnt forth «Unir in vail Usions." / '. Wlttiwhat view so «asrmoo* aa npewbuOMii ioeorret wbocen/loaMf'' ,./ \- ."In «pit« of tiie natara) dla»^«*srtaa>ae we fem pointed c the resource* and prospects of /UM f-'resefanery ara spokan «Mb the utmost coifMonce Tb/j- those «bo "aro .best acquaint «Uh iU real strength-; and tn this respect U-.e avideDeeof/ mirai de la Basse is especially/vsJuablo sod i ictcreiUng, beean thatoncer- has' had frequeat Opportunität« of comparing 1 squadron with our own Torosa In tho Mediterranean, und ho wi nearly up to this thoo, in command of the French Soot in t Levant." "' 1 om intimately oonvincod," »aid ho,-* that Franco '.ns i thing to ¿rend in a cau'.ost with England; and whon I comps my recollections of whait oar vessels wore'-under tho Hmplro wi what theyare now, I ala persuaded that; !f it woro well manage England would-snfTor moro than Francrrra snob a stragglo. B we must he prepared beforehand-;-for. nothing can ba dono o hand in marítimo affairs ; and it is only after having hoon a yo in commission that a ship acquires a maximum of power. Fro thesa considerations I infer that-France ought always to mai tain, in llme-of poooo, a squadron of eight ehips of Ul o line rcai for sea.-" ; **. War being declared, wo must, at tho same time, corry lt < at« distant» and concentrate a powerful foroo in tho Ocean ar the Mediterranean. But the duty-of these two. foroes is alt pether different ; for tho ono ÍB dostinod to tho desnUory ws fare of orciBCra, tho other tho «low warfare of observation. Tl cruisers ere to attack, pursue, anti dostroy oommerce on all seat find tTuatehould be the object of our fri gatos aa tho oaean. Othi vessels of greater power, but all swift and woll armed, shoul assist in this work of destruction." i "The majority of the witnesses examined, and of the mombo: bf tbtr Commlttoe, oonflno UiesaBolves mainly to tho oontingoni of war willi England, with a view first to tho defence of tb French ooasts,-secondly, to tho destruction of Uritish cen meroo,-and lastly, to tho Impossibility of invasion." i "The language of M. Daru-la perfectly explicit on those point and ho presented his plan for the defence of the French ooas 'end tho attack on England, in the following terms : ; " A former Commission has reoommondod that, ofter fortlfyin our-firsonale, trading ports, and stores, so as to proteot them fror 'a<ntip iff brain, tho first instrument of dofonco ls the stoamo ,which must ho employod for Ibo doubla purposo of obBorvatio and of notion. These swift vessels would keep up a comrauuici lion between tho ports of 'Dunkirk, Havre, Cherbourg, St. Mah . Brest,Xorient, and 81. Kazuiro, each of which should contain .small fleot in resorvo. Tho efficiency of this foroo should dooen 'on-its connexion with a force prepared for aggression, which, b .'constantly tnonaoingtho enemy, would koop many a ship in tb Thames and tho Trish Channel; a wholo fleet would thus b paralysed and unable to Btlr. The number of tbeso light vessel must of course, remain undetermined. But as f. r tho flotilla li reserve, of Bufiloient force to mako a sudden doscont on England we have afaot.whlch may throw soma light on this prtrt of til. auestion. Whon the expedition to Homo was decided on, toi ays after tho order was given by telegraph to embark tho troop stationed at Touton, two brigades of infantry, reckoning 756 mon, with 434 horses and two field batteries, with a complet, battery of siego, ammunition, malarial, fcc, and provisions fo twonty days, wore laudod at Clvita Vccchin, 100 leagues fran Touton, and took tho Held. Henoo lt may he roekonod that i corpa of 10,000 mon, with 1200 horses, might croea tho Channol it a few hoars, in a squadron consisting of H steam frigates ; i cor votto of U20 horso-powor; 1 aviso,of lrO; and 8 transports-oacl frigato towing one. And a squadron of throb limos this force m loht convey 30,000 mon and SHOO horses to Ireland or any otboi part-of tho United Kingdom. The principal part of this fnroc would bo collected on strategical principles al Dunkirk, if thc Eastern ooest of England woro to bo monaced ; at Cherbourg or ot llrest, if it wore tho Southern coast, or; Ireland. Cherbourg espoolalfy, whioh faces Croat Britain end is nearest to it, is, by its position. Ibo inevitable rendezvous-tho headquarters of stoamers Intondod to operate on tho other side the Channel. Na'tire has givon tills place strategical qualities whose value will be acknowledged when tho case ocoors, and is already known toonr enemies : for Admiral Napier .said, in a recent speoob, io tho words of tho Emperor, ''Chorbourg.is an »yo to see across the straits, and an arm to strike them." _ _ 1 " Tho distanoo from Cborbourg lo tho Tweedies is 63 miles, and has'recently been crossed by ono' of our swift stoamers, the . Valetta,' In 4 hours omi 1 i minutes : " We have yet to speak of the labours of the naval department at Cherbourg. Tho breakwater (digue) may be said , to be finished. This enterprise, whioh is, without exception, the boldest and the finest executed by the hand of man, is accom- plished. "Tho port of Cherbourg, in the evont of war with England, will bo the most Important. It ls nooosaary, therefore, with a view lo this occurronco, that Cherbourg, as woll as Toulon, should have at its disposal tho means of repairing, and conse- quently of constructing, tho mftobinery of the fleet... To complete theso means.of dofenoe and aggression, whioh will shortly place Franoe in advantageous circumstances for a struggle,'it is Indis, pensable that tho port of Dunkirk should bo adapted to receive a steam flotilla. Our interest compels us to put this port in a condition to rendor the eorvlcos- which may be expootod from its excollent situation ; and on this point it is proper to challenge tho attention of tho Government." ... It is evident from all these passages that.the idea of o war with- England hos been'a~very favourite one in Franco, especially among naval and military, men of the highest standing, for a series of years past. 'The same iden, which has recently been so strongly and sb offensively developed under tua Empire, WOB cherished and dwelcupón with evident satisfaction under the Be. public.. ; It is equally evident that while Franoe trusts nrinciuallv. in the event nf n wnr «Ith TCnuland tn th.. nurobeVand"" thè7swi(tnès8~"of ber~vóBBcls of ."war.. Sin contemplâtes pouncing at-, once upon: all. the foreigi possessions of England'as soon , às tho .declaration o: war. is mode. [Af10' - *ïr!e we, the golder lands and colonies of ¿Australia, likely to ,be>forgottei a'morjg tba foreign pome^sions of. England which an ïtb/u.8 to be attacked immediately and simultaneously on .the'declaration of - war ?'...Ont the contrary, the fame ol our gold fields will rnabo both those colonies and their trade of every hind the spMiaTohjeet- of-attack, and the war will be transferred, in.groat measure, from Europe to Australia. Tbore bas never been such a prize held forth to French cupidity as the plunder of these Colonies, and the prospective destruction of their trade will pre i sent." pur 'communication .with the old world " will ihnmediately .be out off, our trade will be crippled and ruined,'our coasts will be subjeot to the descent of armed bodies of plunderers, and our towns be subjected, if,not to dfl3lruotfon, at least to/oroed contributions of enormous amount; - ?? "V^Jpït Y " ' V i-VÖnly- think toV'hów rbroaTkably convenient for auoh purposes 'it'will bb for tonis Napoleon to have suoh on excellent riavorTtnó>.militftry stotion,'as.Now Caledonia, witbi$' four days' sail of our coast- nn.islaud'obntain .ing o whole series of tho finest harbours.in the Pa'oifie, :«>me of which are now strongly fortified,, together with -.tjie finest timber for naval purposes... It was a master .stroke of policy on the part of , Louis Napoleon to. seize upon-that island in-view-of-Uio-possible-oontingeDoy of a war with England. '> And can .any person suppose that the large naval armament and the numerous military farce now concentrating in that island, are rthere, for the : '. purposes . of i colonization ? . The idea : is utterly absurd. There is as much .need for a second moonMn ;tho firmament ns there is for. the large naval and military force, nowj^in New Caledonia, for any such purpose,;" and that force, wo may rent assured, is there only to' bide its time,' to wait till the great dock of the world again strikes the hour of war with England,'and then,' to pounco upon us, the de- fenceless colonists of Australia, as the tiger upon bis prey. , , . ... , . There aro two modes of dealing ' with such an emer- gency. The first is,, to strengthen our defenocs ; to embody a national, militia ; to raise and equip whole oorps of volunteers.. This will .evidently, however,' ho a verj' expensive prooess, to eay the very least of it, and will withdraw from their ordinary pursuits a large num ber of our fellow-colonists. But will it serve our pur. pose and ho successful,-for that is the questi nf For my own part, I very muon doubt it. For if the enemy should even be kapt out of our towns and harbours wbioh is very problematical-he will bo able to oripple and destroy our trade, to pick up our coasting steamers in all direotiono, and to carry off not n few of om oolonial worthies to durance vito, perhaps for years together, in New Culednnia. (Strong sensation.) Now he assured such a state of things will not be tolerated long in theso colonies, espooially in the neighbouring colony of Victoria, where there is much more com- bustible matter in tho body politic and where things would be sure to come to a crisis much soonor than here. Tho wiseaores there ure, at present, holding a Commission .of Inquiry upon their national defenoes, forsooth ; but what will all this , avail them, if their ships are picked up, ooo by one, as they will be Bure to bo by the French armed. cruiser«, and carried off .with all their passengers and bargo, inoluding'ti>ns ol thousands of ounces of gold, to New Caledonia. In such' circumstances, ns sure as tho sun will rise to-morrow, a party of colonists will very soon start up and 'increase and multiply' daily, deter mined to put an end nt once to this harassing state of warfare by dedaring their entire freedom and independ- ence-from no dislike, you will observe, from no cooling of their affections to'Great Britain, but simply from tho urgent necessity.of their circumstances. Great Britain may doubtless bo willing enough to protect ns in snoh circumstances, as I am quite saro she. would to the utmost of ber po*-er. But considering that there ate not fewer than about fifty British colonies in all, with Indi« besides, and her own extensive coasts and com- moron at home,.'I deny that it is possible for Great Britain to protect us all in such on emergenor. Now, my pina is simply to anticipate, or rather to obviate, all the possibilities and contingencies of war, from «ny quarter whatsoever, on these Australian oonsts, by petitioning tho móthor-onuntry nt onoe to concede to ns, with all necessary guarantees and 'stipulations, our entiro freedom.and national independence, and to rocog* nise theso Australian colonies from thenceforth as sovereign and independent States, . (Sensation.) Suoh a,consummation, now, that we have got Uesponslblo Government and entiro freedom of trade, would fonroely , afTeot .' our relations with 'Groat llritain in any perceptible, in any appreciable dogree. We should still retain our British habits and associa, lions, our Britifh feelings and predilections, as strongly aa ever; but' we should simply bo.our own mastors, re* ceiving tho law from Downing-street no longer, and living in peace and harmony with oil mankind ; cherish. lng towards our British brother for;ali time coming a strong fraternal nllVotion, hut holding ont, at the some time, the right hand of friendship nod fellowship lo Fienohman, American, and HUHS alike, whatever wars might raga in Europe-.- In short, woro that oonBuruma. lion which I have snggnated roolisod, whatevor wara might ba waged in the old world, that vast ocean that linos our coast would, aa far as those noblo colonies aro concerned, 1)0 0 Pf>oiflo Ooeao in reality for al) mankind. I t*W drawn ara the draft of « petition oo tbia ant joet, whieb I «ball now read, dither to ber Majesty tb Queen,.or to the Imperial Parliament, to ba aigned ? extensively ..'possible, provided it sboala be approv* of beforehand, not only in thia colony, bat in Victorii Soiitb Aatttralla, and V»n Diemen'« Lind. Datrt or a PariTioH TO Rca M»JKS->Y THE Quasi«, OB to rai Iut'Kiiiac VA nu Atty. sr. Tho Petition of the ubdorsjguod Colonista of Kew Booti Wolca, «tc. HUMBLY Snow KTH 1\. Timi tbo pDpulntlon of the four Australian Colonies of Not South Walo*, Victoria, South Austroll«, and Tasmania, amount already to a million of eoulri, sod ls rapidly increasing. 2\. That from tho great varioty and peculiar imporlnnoo of Ih natural resources and productions of theso cnlonle«, ant espooially from tho diBoovery of numerous gold-fields-in the! extensive territorioo, tills population has created an amount o woalth,und giren riso to an extent of valuable commorce unpor alloted In lim history of mankind. . ' 3. That lt is indispensably necessary for tilt, progressive ant rapid Battlement of those oolouion, for the development of theil varions and vast rosources, and for tho roalntenanco nod aug mentation ofthat fafario of wealth and oommoroo which has thin boen oroated through their instrumentality,that their inhabitant! should enjoy uninterrupted pesos with all mankind. . ,, . 4\. 'Dint situated, moroovor, as IhOBO colonlos are,at a'vast dis tance from all other parts of tho civilized world, and ontireli isolated as they are both from Europe and America, thoro oan be no reasonable ground of apprehension of their over coming into hostllo collision, as snlf-govornod political communities, with any otbor portion of the human raoe. fi. That your petitioners havo nevertheless heard, with serious apprehension, ir not with groat alarm, that, in tho ovor-ohanglng oomplloalionaof European politics, thoro ls at present a strang probability of war arising botwoen Great Britain and France. .e. That, in such an ovont.yourpetltionora.ns British colonists, without having - boon in any way ooncernod oitber as to tho causo ortho ohjoot of tho nationul quarrel, would necessarily be Involved, in an onilnonl degreo, in ali tba calamities of war: as the reputed wealth and valuable commerce of Australia would rentier her, if not tho first, yat a spocial object of attack, to any maritime enemy of Britain. ? 7. That thc apprehensions of your petitioners havo boon not a little increased and strengthened by tho fact, which hnsjusleomo to their knowledge, that a comparatively powerful naval and mill, tary forco is at present ooncontrating in* tho Fronoh island of New Caledonia, in the Western Pacido Ocean, within four days' sail of this coast ; thora are no logitimato purposes of colon!, zation for which such a forco can ever bo required in that island. 8\. That. In the event of a war with France, the coat to Great Britain of defending tho ooants and commerce of Australia, by a poworful naval armament, if not also by a military force, would be enormous; while sho would bo utterly prooluded, by sn Act of hor own Imperial Parliament, from oror deriving any direct ro vonnefrom Australia to assist in defraying that cost. ». That, in suoh an omorgenoy, tho Australian Colonies would also be subjeoted to a sortons expondituro for notional defences ; whilo a lartte body of their inhabitants would ho permanently withdrawn from tho tisoful and profitable operations of oolonlza. Hon, to be engaged lu the profitless and demoralizing; operations of war. . 10\. That, in each clroamstanoos. your petitioners aro strongly of opinion Jhot, in ordor to savo horsolf much unnecessary expendlture^in all limo coming, as woll as to prosorre those flourishing, oommunltics.In any conceivable conjunctitre'of Euro- pean politics, from tho calamities of war. it ls alike tho interoat and tho duty of Great Britain to concede, to tbo Australian Colonies, under such guáranteos and stipulations as might be mutually desirable, thoir ontiro froodom and indopondence, and to recognlzo them thenceforth as Sovereign and Independent States. 11\. That your petitioners regard with ut tor learn the false and unfounded allegation of certain interested partios who would willingly Bubjact theso communities for thoir own solflsh objects to an enormous expenditure for tho purpose« of vrar, that, ia sub." milting such a proposal for tho serious consideration of the Im- perial aalhorillos, they aro animated in any degreo with unfriendly or hostilo footings either towards her Majesty tho Queon and tho Imperial Government,or towards the British people ; fur they simply regard it as a law of nature and an ordinance of God, while i they view it also as a mittor of urgent political nocossity under existing clroamstanoos, that a series of self-governing com- munities at tho ends of tho earth should also be sovoroign and independent. 12\. That derivod, as a very large majority of the inhabitants of these colonies aro, from the BritlBh Isles, and earnestly desirous as they are that thoir vost territories should bo oocupled as speedily and aa extensively as possible by a thoroughly British population, and cherishing as they do. almost universally, British feelings and predilections, British habits and associations, vour petitioners humbly submit that suoh an ovont as tho ontl-o free- dom and indopondence of Australia would neither effect the present coarse of trado in any pcrceptlblo or appreciable degreo, nor divert tho auoctions of tho Australian pooplo from their be. loved fathcr-lana; for wbilo thoy would still unfeignedly rejofco with their mothor-counlry in all ber prosperity, and sympathise with her in all her calamities, they would morely bo enabled, in suoh alterad circumstance*, to realizo their prosont and ardent desire ta live in penco and harmony with all mankind. 13\. That, as Great Britain has established entire freedom of trade, with all hor colonies, and concoded Responsible Govern- ment to hor colonlos in Australia, tho change from thoir present condition of colonial drpondenco to ono of acknowledged sove- reignty «nd national Indopendonco, would bo rather nominal would at orico onsuro to al) theso colonios tho blessings bf peac with all mankind, whntovor wars mlRht provnll in Europe 14\. That, as Groot Britain hui within tho last few yours rocof nized the entire freedom and independence of tho Transvan Republic and tho Freo State or Oranna sovereignty In Souther Afrloa-two sovereign Statos whose united population does nc equal that of the smallest of the Australian Colonies. Ibero can b :no possible ground of objection to. the oourse recommendet .for these colonioa.on account of their prosoot amount of nipa lation. '. .- ? T, «? In ritgard to the reception whioh 'such a petition ns 1 have-just read would he likely to meot'witb from thc Imperial Parliament, at least from somo of the most distinguished members of both Houses, we are not left tc mere uncertainty and conjecture. On tho 15th of June, 1834, the Duke of Newcastle, who was then Secretary ol State for the Colonies, moved in the House of Lords the second reading of the Legislative Council of Canada Bill, jand the Earl of Ellenborough, one of the ablest and most eminent members of the British Peerage, spoke.as follows-, on the subject, the report of. his. speech being contained in the Times of the 10th of Juno, of that jjear:- . 7 .We made anoh progress last year In tho work of conoosslon to Canada, that the nnostion now was, not whether we should atop in oar osreer,t>tiil loss whether wo should attempt to go back, but whethor wo aburrid, not, in tho most friondty spirit towards Canada and'tho othor North American Colonios, consult with their legislatures on tho expediency of taking measures for the complete reloaso of thoso colonios from all dopondenoo nn tho Crown and Parliament of Ornat Britain. Ho rocolleoto l having H-conversation with Mr. Huskisson in 1S28, during the time that statesman held tho seals of tho Colonial Offlco, In whioh he Intimated. most distinctly that tho timo had alroady arrived for the separation of Canada from Ibis country; and Mr. Huskisson bad oven so maiuroly considered tho matter that ho mentioned the form of Government which ho thought lt would bo for our interest to have established in Canada, when onr connection with tho colony should ceaso. What was tho uso-what tho prac- tical advantage of continning oar counoclion with tho colonios, the connection might bo of domo small use in time ofpoace; but, on tho othor hand, consider the danger arising from it in matters relating to war. It' wak certain that in tho event af war occurring botween this country and tho United States, on grounds totally unconnected with tho oolonlcs, they I mrtst, from their connection with us, bo drawn Into the war, and thoir whola frontier would bo oxposed to tho greatest calamities. Under theBo circumstances, lt waa a matter of serious consider- ation whothor wo should not endeavour. In tho most friondty i manner, to divest ourselves of a connection which must prove equally onerous to both parties. Nor in oaso of war, oontd wo hope to defend tho colonies successfully Î » » . Considering [ tho inoroased strongth and appliances at tho command of tho United States, it would hardly he postiblo to defend Canada with any hope of euccoss. . . . Under theso circumstances, ho hoped that at an oarly poriod, tho Government would communi- cate with tho loading porsons in tho Legislativo As'ombllesof tho North Amorican Colonlos, with the view of ascertaining their opinion on tho subject of separation. We should consult with them in tho most friendly spirit, as if they woro members of ono and tho same family, in which wo foll a doop concern. , The Bnka of Newcastle, being a much younger man than Lord Ellenborough, and naturally bot and hasty, seems to. have been unprepared for such sentiments, and administered a sharp rebuke to his lordship on Ibo ocoasion. But the matter was not permitted to end here. It is added. " Lord Brougham wished to say one word, after the severe rebuke whioh had been given by the noble duko. Ho bad tho misfortune of coming within the description of, persons against whom the noble duke hail so power- fully and indignantly declaimed-namely those who, while desiring a separation of Canada, as a colony, from the motbor-oountry, did not wish to tbrov tho colonists over or to ab indon them. And why should the noble duke denounoe so vehemently this opinion? It was by no means novel. It had been entertained and exproBsed by many eminont men. It| was an opinion shared in by Lord Ashburton and by Lord St. Vinoent; and those who held the doctrine of separation did so, not because they were disposed to-undervalue the importance of Canada, - but rather beoause they highly es. timatod the importance of that oountryv They, believed that after a certain period, of time after what was called ' passing the youth of nations,' a colonial life-the best thing that could happen to country in colonial connection with an old State was, that without any quarrel, without any coldness' or alienation of any sort, but with perfeot amity and good- will, and on purely voluntary grounds, thero should ' succeed to that colonial connection a connection between two Freo Independent States." , So much then, for the House of Lords. As to the' House of Commons, listen to the sentiments of ona of,' tbe ablest and most distinguished members of - that honorable House-I . mean Mr. Boebuck, one of the members of Parliament for SnefJQeld. , " The oolonies wbioli we ore founding in Amerton, Aus traíanla, and Africa, will, probably, at some future day, be powerful nations, who will also be unwilling to remain in ' subjection to any rule . but their ' own. But ' this withdrawal . from our metro- politan rule ought not . to offend or wonnts ua as a nation; wo aheuld fool in this oase as *B parent feels when a ohild has roaohad unto manhood -becomes bis own master, forms his own separate household, and beoomea, in bis turn, the master of a I family. The ties of affeotion remain-the separation is not tho oause or the efloot of hostility. Thus should it bo with a mother- country and ber oolonies. Having founded them, and brought them to a sturdy maturity, ?be should bo prouJ to seo them honestly glorying in their strength and wishing for independence Having looked forward to ibis time as sure to come, she should prepare forit. She should mskesuoh orrnngeraontsinbor system as to put things in order for this ooming ob ango in'tho oolony's oondliion, so that indopondenoe maybe acquired and friendship retained. -The colony would,in auob a oase, continue to feel towards tho mothor.oonntry with kindness and respeot ; a olose union would exist bs. tween them, and all their mutual relations would bo so ordered as to conduce to tho welfaro of both."-TTie Colonia of gnglanä, J3y J Qm ABTHUB BOX-BUCK, M,P" P.iro, ? . i '^W i'i^tuuâïiàuiag,'' obesrrra another eminent malabar of Hba; flottM of- Commoni, Sir George Come wall davis, late Ckainoellor of tba Exchequer under tba Palmerston Ministry,->*'if a dominant country ander ?tool the true natara »od advantages arising from tho relation of suproroaey and dep >ndene« to the related som rn unit les, it would voluntarily recognise the Irgul independence of such of its own dependencies os were fit for independence ; it would, by its political arrange- ments, study to prepare for independence those.which. _were still.unable to stand.nlone ; and-it-would seek-to promote colonization for tho purpose of extending its trade rather than its empire, and without attempting to maintain the dependence of its oolonies beyond the time, "jfhen they "need its protection."- Bïiày on~th¿ Govern "ment of Dependencia. 'By Sir G. O. LEWIS, M.P., Sea., p.-334..- -'-. 1 To these expressions of .opinion by eminent members of both Houses of Parliament at home, I shall only add the following expression of opinion on the'eame impor- tant subject by an honorable member of the Parliament of Viotoiia. It is contained in a letter which I - had the honour of receiving from that gentleman by the veiy last steamer from Melbourne. "European politioBis a wide.field of speculation for suoh as myself to enter upon. Nevertheless I hops you will not think me presumptuous in offering an opinion on the subjeot. I have long held and never scrupled to express the conviction that the only safety these colonies have in case of war with France'or America is in declaring'their independence."« .. . . . . As Solomon says there is no new thing under the sun' it is worthy of remark that the very same recommenda- tion as I have now given in reference to these Australian Oolonies was given-by ó minister of religion ton, a minister of the Church of England, onda dignitary of that Church-in referonoe to the American Colonies, nearly ninety years ago. "Only one Englishman at this erigía"-that is during the troubles that preooded the first American war-" lind the sagabity to perceive that tho views and pretensions of Britain and America were quite incompatible, and that, in the warmth of the controversy, these oonilioting views had been so. far ,disoloBed . and matured, that a cordial réconciliât ion' was no longer, possible. This was Dr. Jos'as.Tucker. Dean of Gloucester, ono of the most learned and incenWis writers on' commerce and political economy that England bab ever produced.' With a bold- ness equal to the comprehension of his views, he openly recommended,' in several tracts which ho published about this time, an entire Reparution of the two countries and arformal recognition of the independence of the American States. The doctrine which ho inculcated was, that " when oolonies have reached suoh a degree of wealth and population as to bo able .to support them- selves, the authority .of. the parent State whence they, emanated, must necessarily be trivial and precarious; and that,'consequently; in all cases of this kind.it is the dictate of prudence and sound policy that the parties . instead of waiting to be separated by emergent quarrel and strife, should dissolve their connection by. mutual consent," Suoh,- ho contended, was now' the'situation of tbs British Colonies in America ; and in urging upon Britain the consequent policy of releasing' them from further control, he maintained with muoh force and good .sense that this, measure would bo at- tended with a great alleviation of the national expense, without any real diminution cf the national gain. For this unpalatable counsel the doctor .was regarded , as a wild visionary, both by tboso of bis countrymen who sun- ' ported, and bj those who opposed the measures of their government. But time .illustrated his views and hon- oured his wisdom."-Bist, of the U. S. of America. By JAMES GRAHAME, Esq., IV." 307. Sr. Tacker's Rood advice was not taken, and what was . tho result 7 Why, Oreat Britain went to war with Ame rica ; but after expanding upwards of 150 millions ster- ling, and spilling the blood of myriads of her sons, Bhe' bad to retire from tbe contest with defeat and disaster; leaving a legaoy of alienation and hostility towards her- self on the part of her own American children, of which tbe manifestations are visible and frequent even to the present day. The historian, whom I have just quoted,, adds in a note to the passage I have just road-" Wat-: (tins; in his Life of the Dake of York, relates, that after the independence of America hod been irrevocably con- ceded by the Treaty of Paris, George the Third, meeting Tucker at Gloucester, observed to him, Mr. Peau, you were in the right, and wa were all in tbe wrong.'." ? .It may be thought,, indeed, that tbe subject I have thus been discuBsinR is not properly within the sphere of ' m ministorpf. the Gospel. I am not of this opinion, 'however. As a minister of tbe.Gospol of Peace, I con- ceive I sra by no means out of tho proper course of ray duty in doing all in my power to promoto peace on earth ;and goodwill towards men; and f, therefore, make no .'apology. for disonssing' Buch- a subject in this placp, .although you are aware, it.was intended lhat we should have met elsewhere. I have lately been rending tbe life a very eminent man, the late Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, (so illustrious for bis successful'efforts in the oause of negro emancipation;, in whose house I have hod the bonour of being received as a visitor, and at whose tablo I have'sat"'as a' not unwelcome guest. Ono of the numerous correspondents of that eminent man was, .the late Dr.' Daniel. Wilson, Bishop of Calcutta, who, in a latter addressed to Sir Thomas, in the year 1841, alluded in terms of gratification to the then recent successes of tho British arms in Central Indis,'lind especially to the tnliing of Gwalior, one of the centres of the present insurrection,, '.The following is ari extract from Sir Thomas Buxton's reply : I am far mora of a Qualcor than yon aro aa to those Indian wars. 1 know every one of them maybe aallod defensivo,but tho principio* and root of all aro aggression and' conquest. I cannot ci ncolve bow our missions are ever to prevail against tba arguments'ol our cannon. Six thousand hoatbons slain at Gwalior aro a torrl. ble sot off against oar converts. Yot wo oro not to lie discouraged. I long for tho wholo Christian world to oombinn its forces against war. Peaeo seems to me an object not nearly enough striven for, as lying at the root of all other good. Slr T. P. BUXTON, to Ibo Bishop of Calcutta, May J,- KU.-Memoir of Sir T. F. Iluxlon. pago 602. In these .sentiments I entirely concur, and I impute it in no small degree not only to tho culpable neglect of the clergy of all.denominations, in not discharging their proper duty as the ministers of peace, but to tho posi- tive evil influença they havo too often exerted in tbio important matter, that the war spirit bas hitherto beon so greatly7 encouraged and promoted and strengthened in our land. It is clearly ono of tho first duties of a minister bf the GoBpel to endeavour, if possible, to exor- cise this evil spirit from tho community. And now tbat tho telle in theso Australian Colonies is all about -wars and'rumours of wars, national defences, tbe embodiment of militia and corps 'of volunteers, it is tbo bounden duly of every minister of tho Gospel to do all bo oan to shew to oil within tbe sphere of his influence a more exoollent way, that there may be peaoe in our timo, and that God,' even' our own God, may bless ns. The lecture, whioh o?oupied two' full hours in de- livery, was listened to throughout with profound atten I tion and evidently with the deepest interest, the occa- sional murmurs of opplauso being immediately re- pressed. It was concluded with tho doxology, in whioh all cordially joined, and tho apostolic benediction. The late William Cobbett used to say that tho meetings of tho Religious and Philanthropic Societies of his time were got up chiefly to-lot second-rate men pass fulsome votes of thanks to one another. There is too muon truth in tbe observation. By special desire, however, there was nothing of thokind in the present oase. ! N.B.-Tbe following letter from an unknown cor- respondent on the subject of MB lecture, has been forwarded to Dr, Lang, who ,has handed, it to us for publication. Tho proposed letter to tho Times would sooroely serve the purpose iotendod. Sydnoy, Monday night, 23rd August, 1868. ItKT. SIR-I hayo listonad willi tho moat profound Interest to. your looltiro of this evening, and fully endorso all your views on the Important aubjoot you troated on, ~\ No doubt your arguments will be objeotod to by your political opponents; but I bollovo they aro Incontrovertible : and I fear' that some of your auditors may havo a rostloss night from tho graphie picture you drow of tho fearful oonsoquoncoa to ns of a war with Franoo, and the utter impotonoe of any ottoropts on tho part of tho Australian colonies at a military doronon. Considering tho uoneral apathy of colonists horo on all publlo msttors-no doubt groatly nttrlhntalilo to tho CONVICT Influences of our descent-I put no faith in a volunteer force, oven If it could bo ralsod. .... j , . What has thora hoon In our antoootlonts to arousa and do. velope patriotism and lovo or country in tho präsent generation of Australians 7 . , ... I Hut give us a NATIONALITY, and wo moy then hopo that under tho fostoring oaros of appropriate institutions, a " lev« ofcauntru" may grow up with tho rising generation,which may flt thom looontond with fature emergencies, even to the doing, battle on their, native Boll, for tholr homos and hoarths, ir 8hon>d'vour propnsod petition to tho Quoon and Parliament oomo before thia community in a moro prominent way I shall, aa an " Old Colonltt " (willoh I adopt ru ray signature to this oom raunloatlon), give It my support and Inlluonoo. . Meanwhile, considering tho longth nf timo whian must elapse before the quostlon can bo dlsoussai] and agitated in all tho Australian Colonies, and bofbro unitod action can bo brought into oporatlon. lo aohlovn tho object you propaso, I very respect fully submit, for your hotter judgment and consideration, tho great advantago of vour addressing a lotter on the subject to tho Timtt, tho loading journal of tho world, by tho Very noxt overland mall. Who knows that tho Imperial aovornrnont, .aatng in tho awful ntrnggla with Franoo, which we anticipate, that hor oolonios will be amongst hor groat aoureps or woo*. noss, that abo moy not spontaneously prptror that which wo ?eek to obtain by petition, and without any lois of time ? Alio, loglslng for tho obtruding on your notloo what you may consider warthleia and naorlle. To th* ROT. Dr. Long. I romain, Ker. Slr, Arf OLD OÖI.ONI8T, Yours yory rpspoolhillg,^ 