PARLIAMENT OF NEW SOUTH WALES. 1 LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. _ WEDNESDAY, 28TH JULY. THE PRESIDENT took the chair at twenty-seven minutes past four. p.m. PREVENTION OF SCAB IN SHEEP BILL. The PRESIDENT reported that a Message had been received from the Legislative Assembly, asking the House for its concurrence to a bill for amending the Law for the Prevention of Scab in Sheep. On the motion of the SOLICITOR GENERAL the bill was read the first time, and its second reading ordered to stand an order of the day for Friday next. PETITION. Dr. BLAND presented a petition from several miners in the Moruya gold-field against the present large influx of Chinese immigrants. Read and received. Notice was given by Dr. BLAND that he should to-morrow move that this petition be printed. COMMON LODGING-HOUSE BILL. On the motion of the SOLICITOR-GENERAL, the adoption of the report upon the Common Lodging Houses Bill was postponed until to-morrow. CHINESE IMMIGRATION BILL RESUMe- TION OF DEBATE. Mr. THOMSON having desired to know how the debate then stood, The PRESIDENT said the question before the House was on the motion that the bill be read a second time this day six months ; upon which an amendment had been moved that the bill should be referred to a select committee. Dr. DICKSON said so much ability had already been shown in this debate, he felt that he had to rely somewhat upon the indulgence of the House. It was a question whether justice should or should not be done to a large body of people. It was not because they were strangers and unacquainted with our language that their rights as fellowmen were to be dis- regarded. One of this despised race (he alluded to Mr. Lean Apps) had recently presented to their view the delightful object of a large body of these people assembled together in this city to worship the Christian's God. He did trust that his honorable and learned friend the Solicitor-General would not expect him to endorse such a bill as that now before the House ; a bill which he believed to be based upon a wholly erroneous principle. If his friend did expect such a thing, he would be disappointed. Nothing could in his opinion be more totally opposed to the spirit of the Anglo-Saxon element than this bill for it was the proud boast of Britons that all who came to their soil were made free. If a slave, in the language of the immortal Curran, came there, he was emancipated and disenthralled. It was contrary to that international hospitality which one nation owed to another, that true spirit of courtesy inherited by us from our ancient Norman chivalry, to impose such restrictions as were contemplated in this measure. Alluding to the present relative position existing between England and China, the Speaker remarked that the true safety of the Chinese had unhappily always appeared to lie in this sort of exclusive policy, a policy utterly unworthy of the nation to which we belong. China was never placed in a position of danger until strangers appeared within her borders. But the time had come for a great and mighty change-the books were open, the seals set, and judgment gone forth. "Delendaest Carthage," and he firmly believed that the British nation were the terrible staff selected by Divine will, and that future China should be another bright wave in those waters of Christianity which, in the words of their venerable and expiring bishop, should spread over the whole earth. No reference had been made the other night, during the very able debate upon this measure, to what he considered one of the strongest objections against it and that objection. was that such a measure was premature. He repeated the expression emphatically, and if there was nothing more to urge against it he thought that was sufficient. The few Chinese immigrants who had come here were not yet numerous enough to justify such an enactment. They were a mere bagatelle. They were scattered over a vast extent of country, performing cheerfully, and as it seemed, from choice, those duties which were ordinarily distasteful to Europeans. The bill was premature, because no such state of affairs existed here as had existed in Victoria, nor were the popular prejudices which had impelled a sister colony into a similar measure, justified by parallel circumstances. Not only was it premature, but highly inexpedient. It was at this moment impossible for them to define to what nation natives of China belonged, to with whom they might have to deal-to determine, in fact, whether they were or were not British subjects. (Hear, hear.) He considered it a measure injurious to all parties and detrimental to the best interests of this colony. Great poverty existed in some parts of China, and it was natural that its inhabitants in those parts should try to emigrate elsewhere, and to these shores amongst others. Such poverty he believed to have been caused by the nefarious practices of our countrymen engaged in the opium trade. The speaker then referred to a book upon China, written by Father Ripa, a Jesuit Missionary, in support of Ulo mrgnmpnt, and contended that the people of China were not as a nation immoral, not addicted to many of the crimes of which they were so often accused. The Reverend Father also stated, in a passage quoted by the speaker, that the Chinese were not subject to contagious diseases. How he would ask, could there be any risk of the introduction of diseases of this nature if the Chinese were not so afflicted r The speaker also combated the imputation of infanticide, showing by a reference to the above work that that abominable practice was chiefly if not entirely confined to loose females of a certain peculiar sect. Immorality such as did exist was he believed, the result in China of the opium trade, first begun in what he would call the raid or foray of supercargoes in 1814, between which year and 1826 upwards of 28 millions of dollars had been withdrawn from the resources of China, and expended upon that noxious drug. So far from believing all that had been advanced against the Chinese nation, he believed as a community they were as well conducted as any in the world. Father Ripa mentioned the conduct of the Chinese in the highest terms. As to the charge brought against this people as regarded idolatry, he could say without reserve that if he thought they would ever be a means whereby idolatry might be introduced into this colony, he for one would oppose their admission. Butt he had no fears upon this subject. They were as a people remarkable as not being predisposed to any form' of idolatry. Certain portions of China had been mentioned wherein there were no temples or bones. They were, therefore, very unlikely to be inaccessible to the benign influences of Christianity. It had been said that Englishwomen occasionally married these Chinese, Perhaps, if they did so, it was because they found in them, and their behaviour, recommendations which they sought in vain elsewhere. I In all such instances the conversion of the pagan husband was almost a certainty. The Chinese were not turbulent and intractable. In Manila, for instance, they had always lived on perfectly amicable terms with the Spanish Government. The Chinese were highly civilized, although their civilization differed much from ours-from the civilization of Europe. If it should be said that they had not as yet shown any particular signs of development in intelligence and energy, the cause was probably to be explained by the fact that these Chinese were here in an isolated position. Let the House adopt a large and comprehensive policy and approach this subject without prejudice and in a liberal spirit. What an improvement might not be expected by the advent of Chinese in such numbers as to give us the benefit of all their knowledge in the preparation of manners and acquaintance with good systems of irri- gation precisely those two things of which we stood so much in need. These proscribed Chinese had been the remote cause of improvements in spade husbandry now introduced with so much approbation into Hol- land. Chinese had first gone to Java, and there having founded an agricultural settlement, their settlements had received the approbation of the Loos! and Home Government, and the system pursued by them afterwards adopted on the shores of the Zuyder Zee. Chinese if introduced here would very possibly be the means of causing the cultivation of the tea plant to be under- taken in this colony, in the northern parts of it. He was the disinterested advocate of the Chinese in this matter and was at all events supported by a consciousness that in taking the course he was only discharging his duty. Dr. BLAND said that he approached the subject with a consciousness that it was one of the most important which ever had been brought before them. He had listened with attention to his hon. friend, Dr. Dickson, but had heard nothing to convince him of anything but that they were all in utter ignorance of the subject. All the previous speakers appeared to him to have raised a ghost for the purpose of laying him-each making, to use a law phrase, a man or straw, in order to demolish it. As to the moral view of the matter, he did not conceive there was any question whatever upon the subject. The Chinese were the most immoral set of people in the world. They were also, as it was well known, incorrigible 1 - "? ' I I thieves. For his part, he should object to a select committee attempting to settle the question, is to their culpability, ft would not be competent S them to do so. There was scarcely any crime on earth of which the Chinese were not habitually (realty For certain crimes they had attained a horrible notoriety, which could not have been so universally attributed to them if wholly undeserved. He need not, in illustration of what they were, do more than refer to the disgustingly indecent pictures in common amongst them. How all these things could be proved against them, or they, on the other hand, be absolved from such charges by the dictate of a select committee, he, for his part, could not see. A letter committee would not be competent to decide berries, (Hear, hear). The religious argument, upon which is much stress had been laid by the hon. member who I spoke next before him, he looked upon in a very different light to that gentleman. He was not afraid of the country becoming infected with Passing through these Chinese. People were very tender- hearted and lenient in respect of these Chinese, but who had nevertheless been inflexible opponents of the transportation system-that highly moral system which had been the means of restoring so many of their own countrymen to positions of credit and respectability. For himself he thought that charity should begin at home, and forbearance first be exercised in behalf of the unfortunates of our own race and language. And what was the advantage promised as the reward of this sentimental predispose. tion in favour of these people ? Why, forsooth, that they would come and instruct us in the art of cultivating the earth-in husbandry. It was preposterous to suppose that Britons required any such feature tion from the Chinese. The political aspect of the question appeared to have been left by Dr. Dickson without any discussion whatever. But what he would ask, did they propose to do with these Chinese when they got them here ? Were they, or would they ever be, fit for exercising the elective franchise and able to qualify themselves for the assumption of the duties of citizens? He thought not. We had been in the habit of anxiously watching the progress of the tide of immigration, desiring to see a due proportion observed in the influx of immigrants from different portions of the British empire into this colony, from Ireland, for instance, and were we to submit without offering opposition to a perfect iron- dation of Chinese ? Care was bestowed, and very properly bestowed, upon the breed of horses and cattle, &.C, and were WE, nevertheless, to hear that an admix, ture of the Chinese element would not seriously deteriorate our Saxon stock? He did hope that the subject would be met by honorable members in an open and candid manner, and that no low and sordid motives would be allowed to affect the settlement of this great question. He objected to referring this bill to a select committee, who could not deal with it satisfactorily. He did not altogether like the bill, he thought it did not go far enough ; still, as it was a step in the right direction, it should have his support. We were accused, it seems, of having injured the Chinese ; he (Dr. Bland) was very sorry to hear that it was the case grieved that we should, as a nation, have been mixed up with anything so nefarious as the opium trade. Farther than that, however, he could not go, nor agree to being placed in' a false position for the doubtful privilege of being assisted by Chinamen to grow tea. BJB trusted that the case would be looked to in all its bearings. They had been informed that evening that the Chinese had behaved well in Java. He rather thought this was not quite a certainty. The Dutch, ii he recollected rightly, had had on one occasion to slaughter a few thousands of them. The experience of the two sister colonies, Victoria and Adelaide, was in both cases adverse to the admission of the Chinese. Even the experience of San Francisco, where the surf tatra fame had first caused men to regard them with favour, was now opposed to them, experience having taught them that the admission of the Chinese was not of so beneficial a character as they had believed. The hon. member then, in conclusion, enlarged upon the fact that as a community we were in a transition state, great dangers might be expected to supervene, even in regard of the constitution of that very House, and contended that it was very undesirable for the House - in disposing of this hill to place itself in opposition to another part of the Legislature. The SOLICITOR. GENERAL observed that there were two questions before the House-first, whether the bill should be read a second time, or whether it should, on the other hand, be referred to a select committee. He thought in either case that the motive wail pretty much the same to get rid of the bill. Nevertheless he should, on recording his vote, give it in favour of referring the bill to a. select committee, and he trusted that those who had already shewn themselves disposed to act with him would do the like. Whichever was carried, the object was perhaps the same, to amuse the credulous public. He repeated what he had already delivered to the House as his individual opinion, that the time for select committees had gone by. If the House were ignorant of the fact! of this question, if it required enlightenment, there were no convenient means of obtaining information. Certainly no committee could supply the deficiency, - For himself he must positively and respectfully decline to sit upon any such committee. He maintained that it did not require a select committee to tell them that the expense of legislating for these Chinese immigrants would be borne by themselves. Perhaps the select committee would not tell them so but that the public would be indirectly benefitted from the advantage they would derive from the burthen that would be imposed upon them by inch legislation. Should the select committee bring up a report with such an admission set forth, he did not think that the Government would pay much attention to it. (Hear, hear, from both sides.) He repeated that such a report would have no influence whatever upon the future action of the Government, Clear, hear.) Upon a review of the case, he would himself wish to see the bill referred to a select committee for this reason only, that very probably the gentlemen who might serve upon the committee, would after such examination, at opportunities would permit them to make themselves come to the conclusion-a conclusion which they might not be able to report to the House, that the Government had not acted prematurely, but had acted on the very best information, and that hon. members had acted wrong in refusing to read the bill a second time the other evening. He felt perfectly satisfied that after such examination, which he had no doubt would be fairly and honestly carried out that that would be the result of such examination. (Hear, hear). He would beg hon. members to attend to this fact, that the time for mild measures had passed away. He feared from indications which showed themselves, that if this measure was not passed now, it would not be in the power of the Government, at a future period, to pass any measure so mild in its enactments as was now under the consideration of the House. (Hear, hear.) It might be incumbent upon the Government, if this bill was not passed, to bring under the consideration of Parliament a measure much more restrictive than that which was already before them. Hon. members had had ample warning from all those persons who were well informed upon the subject, and it had been fully impressed upon the country that not a single day ought to be allowed to pass without passing a measure to regulate the immigration of Chinese. When it was recollected that the bill passed its second reading in the Assembly by a majority of almost two to one in a large House, and when it was recollected that the second reading of the same measure was supported in that House by a majority of five-in a House counting only a moiety of its whole number- it must be clear to the minds of members to which side the weight of public opinion inclined; and, under these circumstances, he maintained that the House would be forced to pass the measure. (Hear, hear.) Yes, to pass it by the influence and weight of public opinion an influence which hon. members, he thought, would be slow to admit that they did not feel the full force of. Parliament would necessarily be forced by public opinion, either to pass the measure now, or, in a very short time hereafter, one much more restrictive in its character. (Hear, hear.) Dr. DOUGLASS having asked and received the permission, proceeded to address the House. He would fearlessly state before the country that he would do all in his power to stop, up to the present, the fearful influx of the Chinese. No power on earth would induce him to lend any countenance whatever to their arriving in the colony in such masses as they now did almost from day to day. He had expressed himself unfavourable to their introduction seven years ago, and the views he then entertained were fully borne out by the most reliable information that could be obtained upon the subject. He knew that it was not in their power to prevent the Chinese coming to this colony, but, at the same time, if they put their shoulders to the wheel, they would be able to prevent them coming in such masses as to inflict upon the country the dreadful mischief with which they at present threatened the country. He first of all denounced Chinese immigration as contrary to the law of nations. (Ironical cheers from the Opposition.) The law of nations, he maintained, laid down the prin- ciple that the people of one country had no right to assist the people of another country in break- ing the laws of that country. (Laughter, and " near, hear.") Now he was prepared to show, in «te tat huts nee, that it was contrary to the law o'OhJn»tó SS immigration; more particularly was it had with regard to this immigration, from *.*<*-»'"A* hewuprepared to prove that the way in which Chinese imMtion to this country was carried on, was every bit MEAd as that which characterised the slave trade and those who assisted in it under the present system laid themselves open to all the pains and penalties which the British Parliament had provided against those who should be found guilty of engaging in the slave trade. (Ironical laughter.) That system was carried out with the utmost severity and with excessive cruelty, and in encouraging it, those engaged in it to this colony had been guilty of murder, rapine, and every kind of cruelty. He held in his hand a document addressed some short time ago by the Superintendent of Trade in China to Lord Malmesbury, then the Secretary of State, disclosing some fearful facts with reference to the character of the Chinese. Upon one occasion the Superintendent was applied to by American residents, to render them assistance in recovering an American ship which had been taken possession of by its Chinese crew. It appeared from the document that a coolie crew had been on board this American ship, and that they rose and murdered the captain and mate, and took possession of the vessel. And this sort of outrage the Superintendent stated in his letter home, was of frequent occurrence. Now he maintained that no greater outrage could be inflicted upon this country than that of encouraging Chinese immigration, while at the same time it would be re-enacting all the horrors which used to attend the middle passage of the slave ships. (Hear, hear.) [The hon. member then proceeded to read extracts from the published letter referred to by him.] The hon. member said, if it was the pleasure of the House to grant the committee, it ought to take into its consideration the proportion of' passengers to be brought into the country, for he did not think justice had been done by making it one to every two tons. He wished to impress upon the House that one of the points which would be gained in granting that committee, was that they would strengthen the hands of the Government so as to enable them to regulate the irruption of Chinese into this colony. (Laughter.) Chinese might suffer as poignantly in their feelings and persons from insult or wrong, as any one in that place, therefore some protection was required and the Government would be assisted, if it should be found that Chinese immigration was being carried on for the benefit of crimps, kidnappers, and tradesmen, and it would become a question for the Government whether they ought to allow any facilities for such proceedings. The evidence to which he had referred in support of his assertions was indisputable, and he asked for a committee to inquire into the matter rather than that the high character of Australia should suffer from hasty or unwarranted legislation. He had, however, no hesitation in saying that he felt convinced, from the evidence he had read, that the system of conducting Chinese immigration was contrary to the principles of all liberty and law, and as a species of kidnapping, the Government ought be empowered to interfere, so as to check the continuance of such an evil. The evidence he had alluded to also stated that the system of immigration carried on was contrary to the laws of China. Under all those cir- cumstances the House could find no justification for denying a committee of inquiry as to whether the evil which undoubtedly existed might not be diminished. At the best of it this country was lending itself to the people who were breaking the laws of China. He thought the extracts he had read, which were from the best authority, were sufficient to show what good might be done by refusing to encourage the present system, and by doing all in their power to regu- late the mode of bringing Chinese passengers, so as to deprive it of all or some of those horrors attending upon it. By denying the appointment of a committee for such a purpose, the House would be doing a grievous wrong, and at the same time omitting to do what was requisite, if only for the sake of the health of the colonists. If his hon. friend (Dr. Bland who was in favour of the bill thought it advisable that the principle should be carried out, he would see that the only mode of doing it was to vote for the select committee, who should accord with the bill and carry out the objects of the Government as expressed by the hon. the Solicitor-General. He (Dr. Douglass) thought sufficient information might be brought forward to enable the Government to make efficient rules for the regulation of Chinese immigration, and he earnestly called upon honorable members to deal with the question as one of no trifling moment. Chinese immigration was in the hands of private individuals, and if all the worst characters from that country were brought among us, it would be our own fault. They merely came here to make at the goldfields, so much money as they could, and then return home. They could not, therefore, be taken as belonging to the category of immigrants whose object in coming into the colony was at least to remain some considerable time, if not to settle here, and who, on returning to spend their money, took it to a country where their success would be an inducement to the immigration of people whom it would be desirable to receive on our shores. For the reasons he had stated, he moved for the appointment of a select committee, to try whether they could not make some improvement, or prevent such a cruel system as that of the Chinese immigration, even if, by doing so, our merchants should sell a little less rice, sugar, or opium. Instead of having one man to every two tons, they might have one man to every five tons. He earnestly hoped, for the sake of the community, that the House would not refuse the committee of inquiry, and for the strongest of all reasons, they ought to consider, whether they could, consistently with their duty to their Creator, allow one of those worshippers of stocks and stones to come among the people of a Christian country. (2 Oh, oh," from several hon. members.) Such an opinion might be an unpopular one and although for his own part, he would do anything towards Christianising them, he would not do so at the risk of prejudicing the character of the inhabitants of this country. He, therefore, on the grounds he had stated, and for the reasons given, trusted the House would see fit to grant the committee to assist the Government in carrying out their objects. Mr. WISE said in one respect he agreed with the hon. member who had just sat down, namely, that the Chinese would not be converted to Christianity by coming into this country. Certainly not, for although they would be coming among Christians who, while professing to believe as a fundamental principle of with, that all people were children of one God, they were to be told that as such, instead of teaching lessons of benevolence, they treated every one with persecu- tion, ignominy, and stoned them. Why they would find the practice directly contrary to the principles of that religion. Then as to what had been said by the hon. Solicitor-General, he (Mr. Wise) entirely repudiated the notion that if a committee was granted they would be providing a tub for the multitude. The Government had first asked for a duty of £3, and afterwards it was altered to £10, although in the first instance they had only sought for means to regulate the immigration; and yet when they proposed to inquire into the character and tendency of the amounts to be levied they were charged with being guilty of proposing something for a tub. That showed how careless in throwing out taunts were those who dwelt in glass houses. But, instead of the Government being in possession of sufficient information to guide them in this matter, they had commenced by calculating upon deriving revenue, and terminated by making their measure prohibitory. If it was true that £10 would not exclude the Chinese, then there could be no impropriety in asking for a committee to obtain that information which would enable them to point out what amount of duty should, in justice, be levied so as to cover the expense of regulating the immigration. But it would be an insult to the House to pass the bill in its present state, and the Solicitor-General had not yet given his views as to the power of the House to deal with the bill. The committee would have to decide whether that House could or could not touch the clauses affecting the financial arrangements of the Assembly. And if not, was the Council to be responsible for the ignorance and imbecility of the framers ? If the bill was in contradiction to national law, and might set this country at war with almost every nation on the face of the globe, even those of America and France, was that House to be blamed for passing a measure fraught with so much danger, clashing with the rights of British subjects, and the rights of all those nations at friendship with them. The bill provided that a penalty should be levied upon the master of any ship, whether French, German, American, or British, who should not give a true list of the Chinese on board his ship. Then, on arrival he must be able to pay £10 a *?T*«n.^!'..,uP would *. forfeited! and it might turn out that some of these people though born of British" PW WeW ?*.$. À»«T», or even though. w? there not "violent in that to show m2rh.",wK^S mott toP'operly drawn-so much so that it became a grave question whether the Governor-General would be justified in giving his. as sent to it. And that House, if it was assented to might one day find itself hastily called upon repeal SfcJSS?!»? "«*"*<> with it But the question was whether the House had the power to alter the defeat, tica clause for if it could noralto7heUv&°e duty he could not see how it could make alterations With reference to the persons, who were te?pÇfcSA 1 it seemed they could not alter either the amount of duty or the kind of persons who were to pay it. That was a question which required considerable delicacy in treating, and in addition to those non-professional gentlemen who could not approve of the bill, there were lawyers in the House who set store by objections of the kind to which he had referred, and who would not allow a bill so framed to be passed. Admitting that the subject deserved inquiry, it still was to be regretted that the Government, when deviating from the original proposal to levy only £3 a head, had not been forced by their supporters to the quail prohibition for then it would have been an in- telligible measure. But it was made, confessedly, for the purpose of revenue, yet it had an acknowledged prohibitory effect. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, in explanation, said he had stated that it was neither a fiscal nor a prohibi- story measure. Mr. WISE continued : By their own confession the bill must be considered prohibitory, because if £3 were sufficient for the regulation of this species of immigra- tion, why did they ask for more than three times that amount ? It was futile to attempt was severe" Bond asked was mighty probable-or perhaps absolutely certain namely, that a great number of those honorable members of the Assembly who voted for the £10 did so with the express object of prohibiting Chinese immigration and the majority by which the measure was carried might have counted among their numbers the members of the Government. Another reason for granting the committee was, that it being perfectly clear the bill could not be passed, as it was intrinsically bad in some important points which that House had not the power to alter an opportunity would be afforded to the Government to pursue the proper course, by withdrawing the bill and bringing in another free from such serious objections. Then the Government might provide for prohibition or regulation as they might think fit. In the present measure the moneys levied would go to the Colonial Treasury, and probably after the payment of expenses incident to this kind of immigration, the surplus would go to the consolidated revenue and there was, therefore, some reasonable doubt whether the present was a bill which they could materially alter. The hon. member (Dr. Douglass had read to the House a lamentable account of the exportation of Coolies from China, but it must be admitted that it could have no reference to the present system, as the exportation alluded to was directed to an entirely different object. The coolies were to be taken to Demarara for servitude, where they were to be kept as indented labourers in the employ of planters. [The hon. member was then about to read from the Melbourne Argus a letter upon Chinese immigration, written from Hongkong by a gentleman, who stated that he had lived for a quarter of a century among them, but as the letter was anonymous the President ruled that it could not be read.] The hon. member then said some of the gentlemen who were opposed to the introduction of Chinese were afraid-first, on the ground that our own race would be deteriorated, and then on the ground that the Chinese brought no women ; but he thought the latter reason would rather tend to check the promulgation of a race to which many were averse. _ As a mere sojourner, perhaps a capitation, in right of self defence, would be justifiable, as they were somewhat different from those who, coming to the colony from distant countries, ultimately form a portion of the community. It would, he believed, be found on inquiry, that the general charges against the Chinese were not at present borne out by facts. It would be found that they had behaved properly when on board, and no instance had been known when they rose upon those in command, for they were being brought, where they desired to come, to a haven of refuge. The cases cited by his hon. friend Dr. Douglass must therefore have taken place under very different circumstances. Instances might be found where they had imitated gold with baser metal, and thus trafficked in fraudulent nuggets ; but the House had only recently been engaged in inquiring into the adulteration of food by British merchants, and therefore could not cry out against the counterfeit gold of the Chinese, without bearing in mind that no great superiority of morals could be claimed by our own countrymen. He should give his vote for the appointment of the committee, believing that the bill could not be sanctioned by that House, and if not modified was not likely to pass at all and also believed that Chinese immigration to this country required regula- tion, in order to free it from many of those evils with with which it was attended. But he hoped, for the sake of the country to which the colonists belonged, nothing would be done but on general and sound principles of international policy that there would be no attempt at petty spite, for if laws so based were broken the Government themselves would to some extent be involved in the blame. Mr. NORTON had heard the most monstrous pro- position put forth in the discussion upon this question that had ever been uttered a proposition so monstrous that it ought at once be settled, and for him under the circumstances to surrender his opinion upon the subject was a thing not to be thought of. A proposition has been put forth that they had no right to prevent the introduction of the people of any other land-that they had no right to refuse entrance into this territory of any of the human race that it was the great privilege of mankind to go into all lands as they thought proper, and that they, forsooth, had no right to prevent the inroad of savages no right to make laws to restrict an overwhelming influx upon these shores. In opposition to so monstrous a doctrine, he maintained it was the inalienable' right of every country to reject whom they would. (Hear, hear.) And he believed, moreover, that the civilisation or barbarism of the people they proposed to reject was not an ingredient of a circumstance which ought to enter into the consideration of the question. He would be astounded, indeed, i to see the country placed in so helpless so contemptible a position as to be mastered by the inroad of any people or nation who might think proper to overwhelm them for nothing else but this was involved in the proposition of hon. members. He would suppose, for example, that a foreign country unknown to England, or to the people here, had determined upon hostilities and supposing that the people of that country thought the acquisition of this colony would further their views, and in order to obtain it, in the midst of profound peace, availed itself of the gold discovery, and sent here 10,000 or 16,000 or 20,060 men disguised as diggers. These men, bowing to any regulations that might be imposed, dressed in the humble garb of diggers, yet, completely armed, and having in their must experienced commanders and generals, and being all excellent soldiers (laughter) : supposing in the midst of this peace and confidence hostilities were proclaimed, these men would at once prepare to execute the duties reposed in them, and would soon over- whelm the contemptible force that could be raised against them. And all this might happen by accept- ing the-principle that they had no right to prevent the inroad of foreigners amongst them. Such a proposi- tion was astounding ; it appeared to him a delusion which he could not shake off that such a proposition had ever been made a proposition that would go to the extent of enacting that they had no right to prevent the landing on their shores, to any extent, of a number of French or Americans, because, forsooth, that on board the ships there happened to be two or more young gentlemen-the tons of Englishmen, by French or American wives. It was not improper to take such a view of the question. The Chinese question he thought one of great importance to the country, and he maintained, in the face of all that had been said to the contrary, that it was demanded by all the interests of the country that they should entirely exclude them. He looked in fact, upon the immigration of Chinese here as fraught with the greatest mischief to the country J in every view. (Hear, hear.) It was said that large bodies of Chinese came to this country for the purpose of obtaining gold, which, when they obtained, they immediately returned with it to China ; certainly, this was no favourable argument to adduce in favour of Chinese immigration. But there was another thing to look to with regard to this system of immigration. He had heard of the miserable condition in which they were huddled together on board ship, and that frequently hundreds die and are thrown overboard, which causes the captains of ships to lament over the ill success of the venture. They were told that the Chinese were never accompanied by their wives, a circumstance which went a great way to verify the reports made of the vices in which Chinese indulged. But it was not true that the Chinese all returned, or that they desired to return to China. On the contrary, one could not walk a mile along the Parramatta or the Liverpool roads without encountering China woodmen and China charcoal-burners-men who never intended to return to their own country, but who had abjured the pig-tail, and had adopted the costume and appearance of Englishmen. He was told that a former hon. member of the Legislature, Mr. Osborne, had obtained the naturalization of a large body of Chinese for the mere purpose of getting their votes to aid his return to Parliament, but unfortunately for himself, Mr. Osborne had not succeeded in his object. There was no doubt but that the Chinese would settle in the country, get married to European women, and then they would have the advantage of a mixed Mongolian race-a hybrid and most obnoxious type of the whole race. He repudiated the argument that had been put forth that it was a good opportunity to Christianise these people that the Scripture taught them the duty of teaching the gospel to all nations. But they ought to remember that when Christ sent forth his disciples, He said to them, Go not in the way of the Gentiles, and into the city of the Samaritans, enter ye not, but rather gove amongst the lost sheep of the house of Israel. They were there taught a lesson which they ought to follow-that was, not to go wandering among savages and barbarians seeking to teach them, while they left their own countrymen untaught, unpitied, and uncared for. They had an example of this in the case of a late mission on the part of the Bishop of New Zealand, who left thousands near home untaught, unpreached to, and improved for, while he went upon a voyage amongst the islands for the purpose of converting savages-a voyage which resulted in no good. They had a solemn duty to perform to the country, and if they performed it they would, Jnflo.&'firj^ to QSS, HJu^woulS make the people of their own land capable of understanding their rights and of discharg- ing the solemn duties that were imposed upon them. With these views, he would support the motion for a select committee. Mr. ISAAC said that the arguments in favour of the amendment were so various and incongruous as to be positively amusing. No hon. member appeared to have determined upon supporting the amendment on the same grounds. The hon. members had industriously laid ghosts that had never been raised, display- ing a vigilant foresight which had been thrown away. He regretted that the hon. member the Solicitor General should have been compelled through fatigue to quit the House, and the more so as he felt it incumbent upon him to comment upon the course which had been pursued by the Government in this matter. He (Mr. Isaacs) was of opinion that the Bill would be thrown out ; but for the information of all, he begged to state that he for one was favourably disposed towards this much abused people. He was, nevertheless, quite ready to second a motion for the appointment of a committee of the whole House to enquire into the Chinese question. He was not opposed to a a bill for regulating the introduction of Chinese immi- ( grants, but he was, on principle, totally opposed to this bill. He did not see how any committee could materially alter it. The House had certainly, ultra vires, as he thought passed a resolution declaratory of its right to interfere with money bills, but the merits of objection remained the same. The question was whether the House had any right to alter the bill ; he thought, with the President, that it had not. The bill, moreover, was inherently vicious, that it was utterly impossible to place it upon the Statute Book of New South Wales. If it should ever be passed he felt convinced that the Attorney-General of the day would be compelled to advise his Excellency not to give his assent to it as being totally opposed to the spirit of international law. I use-said the hon. member strong language, and I do so advisedly, strong language having been used on the other side of the table. This hybrid measure was supported by the Solicitor-General, and that gentleman had actually told them that the Government did not require further evidence herein, they having introduced a bill in which a tax of £3 was provided for, a provision being afterwards made whereby it was converted into a tax of 10s But that House was not to be overawed by majorities and he now said, what he would have said to the Solicitor-General had he been present-aye, to his very face Non winds testants tyranny, Non claim under prays Pakenham would divert him or that House from fearlessly maintaining a principle. Whatever might be the effect of majorities upon certain persons, he trusted that the result of this debate would shew that the House was not made of the same squeezable materials as her Majesty's Government. The House would not be coerced, either by leaders or its leaders. He regretted that the Solicitor- General was unfortunately not present to hear him say this. Whether what he now animadverted upon arose from a desire to retain place without power, or whatever might be the cause, we, still events (said the speaker) are not made of such squeezable materials. It had been the mature and deliberate opinion of the Government that a tax of £3 was sufficient, and yet, at the voice of a blind democracy they agreed to increaseitto£10. It gave him great pleasure to see the Government supported in this measure by his hon. friend beside him (Dr. Douglass), and the more so as he had no doubt that with such support any Government would be successful. As to the argument and apology for this, such increase in the tax from £3 to £10, based as it was upon the plea of an overwhelming majority, he begged for himself to say that he cared not for majorities. He could never forget the voice of that overwhelming majority which cried out "Away with him." Had the bill faced the matter fairly it would have been a different matter, but such was not the case. The hon. member then proceeded to combat the arguments of Dr. Douglass, and ended by saying that he did not think that he (Dr. D.) understood either Grotius or Puffendorff whom he had quoted. Dr. DOUGLASS thought he did. Mr. ISAACS must be allowed to say that he very much doubted it. The Chinese would be invaluable in developing the resources of the country. The speaker then proceeded to argue against portions of the speeches of Dr. Douglass and Mr. Norton, accusing the latter gentleman of a palpable misquotation or misapplication of Scripture. He then passed on to the arguments of Mr. Wise, and denied that San Domingo was a case in point, as regarded the question of superior and inferior races. The amalgamation of such did not, he thought, tend to deteriorate the species. He concluded by saying that it would be better to throw out the bill altogether rather than to refer it to a committee. Mr HOLDEN, after a few remarks, stated his desire to be that the bill, as an amendment to what was then proposed, should be read a second time on the following day and the ques- turn-out by the President, that the bill should be then referred to a select committee, was negatived after a considerable discussion of a rather desultory character. The amendment suggested was then ultimately put-that the bill be read a second time on the morrow, instead of being referred to a select committee, with the following result : Ayes S. Noes 16. < Hr. Park Mr. Robey Broadhurst, Fellers' A'Beckett Alexander Prince Lamb Norton Douglas Bland Merewether Pennington Allen ( Wilshire ' Iding Jütcícll,}1«1118" Majority against the amendment thirteen. The question was then put, and passed without division, that the bill be referred to a select committee; and a ballot being called for by Mr. Isaacs, the following members were chosen : Messrs. A'Beckett, Allen Douglas, Dickson, Holden, Lamb, Wilshire. Wise. Thomson. LAW OF LARCENY AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr- PENNINGTON, this bill was read a third time and passed. AFFILIATED COLLEGES PARTIAL ENDOWMENT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. ALLEN the report on this bill was adopted, and the third reading made an order of the day for Friday next. DIOCESE OF SYDNEY AND NEWCASTLE LANDS INVESTMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. ALLEN, this bill was read a third time and passed. ARTICLES OF FOOD INSPECTION BILL. On the motion of Dr. DOUGLASS, the further consideration of this bill was made an order of the day for Thursday next. The House adjourned till Thursday, the 29th instant, at 4 p.m. \--as 