AB ARATKO VOCATUS. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sin, — Grcviously arc tiio.se in error, rvho think that superstition can ho eradicated from tlie human mind by tlie spread of litera ture. Jt is common amongst enthusiastic ecclesiastics to talk of the revived study of Grecian literature, as coeval with tlie death of ghosts, friars, and sisters in convents: exorcism, oil, and salt, say some, flew away with tlie reading of the > luigiographs iu Greek. But I would have your readers know that mortal sins and deadly suporsti- t.i " s, thins may co-exist with much learning, high "' civilization, any religious or no religious in- " ; A struct ion. - Did not Cassandra and Canidia practice soothsaying in the Augustan age? and who knows not that Chaklenu fortune tellers haunted old Rome in the days of tho s -optic. Juvenal, as well as oriental' Magi in 111.: time of the magnificent Herod iu Jerusa lem? Were hot also Matthew Hopkins, the searcher of witelres.-and Lilly, tlie astrologer, contemporaries of .Seidell and Miitua? ami who needs go to North Britain for evidence that grave judges burned wizards and witches in the time of the Georges ? Ask Thackeray. Others, again, hold to tlie popular error of literary men being all weak through fasting: and with knees knocking together, for want of moat. Were Ovid, lloraee, A'irgil, and Sailust, tasters or funsters ? Did not the Stratford bard nerve himself upon stolen venison? Steele and Addison wroto their liest papers over the bottle : and was not 7'orsou, tlie profound Greek scholar, expelled from decent society for his tippling? and none can say the Alibotsford novelist' slunk j,, from the costs of a good talilo. There, aro ' more authors, who love to dine like lords, "than who like to gorge like a mastiff' on a sheep's head and paunch. But what can he a more greviaus mistake than to confound the keeping of a good table with eating and drinking to excess ? On the. contrary, if. any one mean to preserve tlie accurate powers of tlie palate, lie must live cleanly, as bccometh a saint; and not gorge or surfeit like civic banqueters, who regard the quantity rather than the quality of the viands and beverage. So also with education. Your renders Imyo road the report of the proceedings iu Sydney 1 upon the College of Saint I'aul cum Sydney Univoivity. And as Mr. Charles Kemp was there, and said something pertinent to those rural parts, as Avell as others, who care for what appears in the Courier, T would lunch wish to inform them all, how matters arc managed in Germany. The rulers there know well that Bonn, Heidelberg, and tlie vest of the top-mates cannot thrive without lower-lbrms, any more than a cross upon a steeple-top without the undor-prop arches or tower. --For- above a -century,— more or less, the law lias compelled parents to send both boys and girls to school, from the age of six to fourteen. Do any of your Southrons doubt jt? considering that tliey keep nearly nil their boys and girls at homo until thoy are fourteen, doubtless thoy think some eight mouths schooling in New South Wales equal to eight years iu Germany. Hnw lias this popular mistake bewitched them so generally ? But_ to return to Germany. Tlie law con strains the children to learn rending, writing, nnd aritliiiiot.io : audits many other additional "branches of learning us their parents are willing to pay for. Many schools in Bavaria have large gardens attached, wherein the leading operations ul' agriculture and iicrticnlturu are taught (luring tlie pi.iy lioms. How much lief lor than tlio vulgar art of cigar smoking and swilling? In all the schools in tlie States, girls, in addition to tlio three, (R. 11. It. as Sir W. Curtis good inimoiiredly named it), are taught knitting, sowing, niid embroidery. Iu fact, children are taught to get their own living in Ger many : hut what have they been taught iioru ? It is the office of the police and the clergy of evory commune (or district) to take care that tlio education law is duly executed, — tlirvt tlie children attend regularly and are instructed duly. But ivliat power have cither police or clergy in New South Wales in such matters? If the parents are partially or wholly unable to pay anything, tlio coin- miinc (or district) is taxed for the deficiency. Religious ethics aro imparted by the priest of the hamlet or township; anil where, as often is tlio case in Wurtomberg, there are two or three kinds of worship, each child is instructed in religion liy tlio priest of its own parents: the clergy of all religions being members of committee or managers ex ojficio. Uiit what of the clergy here? tliey are ex cluded ! Again : after tlio child lias been the- appointed term at school, from six to fourteen, tiie priest of tlio creed to 'which the child belongs furnishes a certificate of its behaviour and attendance, in nddition to ouo from its teacher, and without the possession of such certificates none can legally employ them. Does not that evidence how much education is valued? Now South Wales ex pends some £50,000 annually on schools, which children may either profit by or leave it alone : what other ago can parallel such prodigal waste of taxution ? To employ any person whatever under twenty-one years of into, without the production of the above cer tificates is illegal, ami firmly punished by a fixed line j and as the fines are never remit ted. punishment boing sure to follow, makes few transgressors. German school teachers aro paid much after the mode prevailing in 'Scotland : tliey have a house, a garden, somc- times also a field, n salary from tlie district taxation, and fixed foes for tlie scholars. Let Mr. Chas. Kemp, the member for the (Southern Boroughs, and Mr. Faucctt, make n note of these tilings ; and carry on educa tion cess upon these bases, and then what may follow — as tlie night the da'y ? Florcat Austral Nova Cambria. Another popular error current in this anti podean region is, that many thousands of persons conscientiously object to lie married by tlio priesthood of their own creed. Not a hit of it : till that tliey conscientiously object to is, paying for getting married. If the G retna G reen priest, farrier by trade, would come here and marry gratis, "all who could would go to that priest ! Wherefore another law exists amongst the Lutherans in tlio States I have named, coeval with "Tlie School Law," making it illegal fur nnv voting man to marry before lie is full twentV-five, or any young woman before she is eighteen : Make a note of that : for you know tlio old i law, on tlie Goorgo Royal Marriage Act — " Quoth Dick to TomV thou hvt a fool &c.;" " Talio tlio crown at t-ighlct n, the wife at twenty-five." llence, when any voung man of twenty-five, or at whatever age lie may wish to" wed, would go about it, what is required by law? He must produce to tlio police authorities and to the priest of his own creed— or to tlie priest of Ihodistriet wherein lie resides — proof '.that, he is both able and lias the reasonable prospect to provide l'or a wife and family. The Germans are no fools : tlie Scotch aro notori ously canny : and if those Austral Cumbrians wish to jeniovo llu notion from a Canadian, that. tliey have travelled too far south, just stir your I'arliament to amend tlio bungling, costly, and inefficient Education and Mar riage Acts existing, by imposing upon tlio clergy of all creeds some or all of tlio duties which the Lutherans have placed upon their pastors in Germany. And, my word ! just -won't ye soon see. ail tlie schools wellattended, husband's shirts and stockings mended, with gardens and vineyards soon bedecking all tlie hamlets and townships, whore now aro found mire anil dirt, I'm' tlio drunken, liko swine, to roll and wallow in. Your faithful soldier and friend, ALEXANDER NISI DIOGENES. 