THE EDUCATION BILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-After Mr. Michie's declaration, that if he could succeed in passing his education measure, he should on that ground alone not deem his political life altogether a failure, it may seem presumptuous to approach the consideration of the " Bill for the Promotion of Education in Victoria" with aught but a profound sentiment of awe and reverence for the perfection of the Bill, and the infallibility of its author. And doubtless it is this overwhelming senti- ment which has stricken dumb the entire colony, and paralysed the hands of the ready writers of the Press ; so that the Attorney-General has ere this satisfied his self-compla- cency that the measure which is to crown his political career as a great success is regarded by the people, the Press, and the Parliament with the same idolatrous feelings as those entertained by its author. But, Sir, not profanely to carry out the figure, I trust that when the Legislature has minutely examined the structure and materials of the idol Mr- Michie has set up for them to worship, they will not put their trust either In it Or him, because "he falleth down unto it and worshipped it, and prayeth unto It, and saith, Deliver me, for thou art my God." ' i Though ostensibly to establish a thoroughly national system of education, Mr- Michie, in designating his Bill has wisely and warily avoided the term " national "; not once does it occur as applicable to the new system And whilst, on the one hand, he has Carefully avoided calling the proposed system what it is not and is not intended to bear 'I national system, on the other hand he has as wisely and warily avoided giving his Bill its true and unsophisticated tittered Bill for the Establishment of Parochial Systems of Education in Victoria." * A 2 That the Bill will really and substantially, if not designedly, introduce into this new-and wealthy colony all the worst features, and characteristics of the old parochial system of England, no one who has read the measure even cursorily can fail to perceive ; or that therein is laid the foundations of a system of parish relief, as a necessary and inevitable sequel to our land policy. i Passing clauses 1 to 13. which provide for the appointment by the Governor of a " Board of Commissioners of Education," i and define their powers, we come to clause 14, which empowers the Commissioners to ap- point " portions of the colony, of convenient size, to be districts [or unions] for the purposes of inspection, and in every such district to nominate one of their inspectors to be the inspector thereof,... and to appoint any portion thereof so circumstanced that, in their opinion, all the children resident therein may attend one school, to be a school section. Why not say parish ? < Clause 15 makes it lawful for the " Chief Commissioner of Education, or some person authorised by him, to convene in each school section, by public notice, a meeting of the landowners and householders resident therein and after such first meeting, of similar meetings may be held in each section in the first week in January in each year." Here we have the old parish vestry. Clause 16 says " It shall be lawful for every such meeting, or a majority thereof, ... to elect by show of hands, or, if demanded, by a poll, any number of persons, not exceed- ing nine, of whom not less than two thirds shall be laymen, and not more, than one - half shall belong to any one religious denomination, to be a Board of Local Management for that school section." Here we have the select vestry, or rather " Board of Guardians." that most popular of British institutions I And (clause 17) "it shall be lawful for every Board of local Management, from time to time, to levy for such purposes as are hereinafter mentioned, a rate, payable as they shall direct, on all lands and buildings (excepting unoccupied Crown lands in each section on the rental, or the arm in valued rental of such buildings, such value to be ascertained and determined by the Board aforesaid." And (clause 18) " It shall be lawful for the said Board to appoint, having first taken reasonable security, a collector, who may be one of themselves (1), and to assign to him for his trouble a reasonable percentage on the moneys collected by him and any collector BO appointed may enforce the payment of such rates . . in virtue of his appointment, and, without any warrant, by distress, and, in five days after, seizure, by sale of any chattels < belonging to the party liable to the rate." Shades of Beadledom I what think ye of this Ghosts of parish overseers! who in the flesh carved the paupers' Sunday roast beef and plum-pudding, and did not muzzle the ox that trod the corn you that were the megatheria of an age long since passed what were your powers, privileges, prerogatives, and perquisites in that now fossil age of yours to those to be conferred on your and types of this later formation? To be a member of a local Board of Management, whose number shall not exceed nine, and may possibly not exceed yourself and Sarsenet, the sectional draper, or Nutmeg, the sectional grocer, or Bradawl, the sectional cobbler e, and which Board shall have power to appoint teachers, prescribe the character of the education, religious and secular, strike a rate, and appoint a collector who may be yourself-and to assign to yourself for your trouble a reasonable percentage &o.; On ! clever Mr. Attorney, how all the sectional mouths do water I Here then we have the old-fashioned and corrupt parish vestry receives, with the additional powers of the more modern, but not less objectionable, invention of " Boards of Guardians for the relief of the poorly odd-. eating their children nolens votent. ' We find in the clauses defining the powers of these " local Boards, that not only have they the objectionable power of striking and collecting an educational rate, but that (by clause 21 they have also absolute and arrest Bponsiblo power in the appointment of the teacher, procuring text-books, providing! supporting, and managing library, and deter- mining the hours at which religious ' In- struction may be given, and the character of the religious instruction which the teacher may save." Thus, for the term of their office, early, Local Board throughout the length and breadth of-the land will severally blas 'and influence the character^of-the education both religious and" secular given to the children in the locality under their control. And this, forsooth, is establishing a " truly national" System of education. Why it is notorious that the great curse and abomina: (son of both the National and Denominational systems at present are the "look! boards of patrons." In some few instances it is true, the best men of the locality are chosen ; but in the majority of cases, fitness by position and education has had. to retire before bustling impudence and ignorance. Sometimes men are chosen because of their wealth, and not seldom because they are trustees or mortgagees of the school premises. In one instance, a case came under my own observation, where a trustee, though a most illiterate and otherwise unsuitable again, procured the appointment of-or rather appointed himself as teacher, and filled the mine for some two or three years, to the manifest injury of the institution and the exclusion of a really qualified teacher. If an opportunity be afforded, may teachers, male and female, National a ii Denominational, would be able to satisfy a PurJUimuntary Committee that the great hindrance to their usefulness, and the sales-, \-- -.- . . > I M . [7 factory management of their several schools, arl8es"fronltue interference and tyranny of Ignorant, stupid, and purse-proud men who have them in their power- a power which is not only used by Sarsenet, Nutmeg, and Bradawl without scruple In compelling their i victims to purchase at their respective establishments, but the knowledge of which, is the case of the unmarried female teachers, often renders their position almost too intolerable to be borne. Need I add that the only a remedy for this is placing) the teachers in! a position entirely independent of local influence, but at the same time under well-defined and strict regulations, constituting a really national system of education, emanating from the Legislature, and administered by a central power responsible to Parliament alone. ' ; On the 21st, or compulsory clause-the jewel in the board's head-I would hardly throw away a sentence. Though it should pass the decrepit Lower House, and even the more prudent and far-seeing Lords, it must and will remain a dead- letter, consigned to the same time with the Acts 1 Eliz., c. 2,23 Elia., oil, and 3 Jac. I., c. 4, and all the other offspring of half-educated, bigoted, and subservient Legislatures: of which enactments Sir William Blackstone says "Yet certainly our ancestors were mistaken in their plans of compul- sion and intolerance." Is it, Sir, to be supposed that the people of this colony will submit to have their children dragooned, or rather forced, to school ? Have not all like attempts asked? Will the minority in each "union" submit their children to a religious and secular education the "character" of which has been determined" by the perhaps ignorant and bigoted local Board elected by the majority at a meeting held Heaven knows where and when. I believe that indestructible spirit 'of opposition to everything in the shape of tyranny or intolerance which is the noble characteristic of Englishmen will cause thousands of parents, whose children are now regular attendants at school, and who care little about the hair-splittings of creeds, to detain their children at home for no other reason than that they will glory in the contemning and defying of an absurd and pragmatical enactment. And imagine, Sir, (and let Mr Michie imagine,) the feelings with which the mother would prepare her children for school the mother who has had her home rifled! of its household gods by the self-appointed spy lector and local board-man, or by a police man-bailiff, either because from poverty the rate had not been forthcoming, or because in the instigation of some reputable person')' r Justice of the Peace had adjudged " the father: or guardian guilty of a misdemeanor," am directed " a seizure and sale of the chattels! of the person so offending." Imagine the feelings of the little ones as they wend their way to school, with the knowledge that they are being driven there against the wish of their parents by the iron arm of the law, put in motion by a bigoted or vindictive neighbor on of of the learned Attorney's reputable personages if any reputable PBI son, not a bigot, would " touch pitch. And yet all this is but the nature and logical consequence of the putting, in force the provisions of this clause, ant may be the result either of the poverty (do not uncommon) of the parents, or a conscientious conviction, the growth of experience that in this climate, to strain the intellects of children by compelling an attendance In school will inevitably endanger their physics health. In addition to which is the circumstance that the " character of the religious instruction", determined on by the local management may be such as to wound the religious sentiments of the parents in the most tender point. In conclusion, allow me. Sir, to refer to the proposed imposition of local rates, in addition to the modes of support now in opera tion namely, the school fees and the Government aid, not to mention local subscriptions What but jobbery, peculation, and son fusion worse confounded" can beset the management, of three different funds ? If a real national system of education be desired what fairer and more satisfactory to the whole community than that the nations exchequer should bear the cost ? Certain it evidences a wonderful divergence of dot trifle in political economy, that whilst a home it has long since been established almost as an axiom, that all moneys from whatever source derived whether taxes lates, direct or indirect should he paid into the Exchequer, and pass through the nations i cash-book and ledger and that it is merely a question of time when the poor-rates as the whole of the police-rate shall come under the direct supervision of the House of Cou monEy that here, from a fondness for explode lullabies, an attempt should be made upon the credulity of the people to induce them to sal mit to a system of local taxation and disbursement which, under another name, stinks the nostrils of every Englishman who do not fatten on its corruption and social: license system which has only survived a now, because, like Gulliver, John Ball in been tied down by the very hairs of his heat Mid every effort he has hitherto made to in- himself from his parochial bonds he brought upon him discharge after discharf of the small artillery of the vermin who always fatten on local rates, wherever t for whatever they may be levied. If it burly giant is even now heaving and striving to rid himself of the bonds of corruption and jobbery which have held him for three hundred years, shall we, who boast of the balls and manhood suffrage, tamely and weak! suffer the most filthy and detestable of all institutions of the land we have left to 1 imposed on us ? Let every man in Victoria who left his home sixteen thousand miles away, " because the rate collector was move from his door," shout with a voice < thunder NO MORE BATES January 10, 1858. 