A KNOTTY QUESTION. THE " Ghost of Lindley Murray" has been very much perturbed since the issue of the Government notice respecting the Sludge Commission. The troubled spirit-we have it iu confidence-is thus perturbed 011 accouut of the marked disregard of the rules laid down in his famous English Grammar, by a person named G. S. Wagg Home, who is a species of half-made Cabinet Minister. The " Poor Ghost" is solicitous about the literary acquirements of Ministers, although we have contended that grammatical accuracy iu writing is not essential to a member of a Go vernment or to a Ministry itself. In fact, we have demonstrated that, as a rule, such dis tinguished personages are supposed to be quite above the necessity of any such vulgar accom plishment, as we see by reference to all the Queen's speeches and Governor's speeches, which are manufactured by their Cabinets. Now, we contend that as G. S. "Wagg Home is virtually a member of the Ministry, for he clearly under stood the vote according to the debate on Friday evening in the Assembly, he is actually only displaying one of the necessary qualifications for so dignified a post iu manifesting a sublime disre gard for rules of Grammar. "Lindley's Ghost" heaved a deep sigh at this, and wondered what the world was coining to. Not to keep the reader in suspense, we will let him know the question at issue. I11 the notice iu the Government Gazette appointing the Sludge Commission, or the. Royal Sludge Commission, as it is called in a spirit of ridiculous apery, the following is the expression used, " The following gentlemen have been appointed a Commission to iiiquire into the best method of removing the sludge from the goldfields, and reporting thereou.'' The name of G. S. "Wagg Home, the "Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works, is appended to the notice. Now, according to the argument of the " Ghost" aforesaid, the notice was clearly intended to mean that the Commission was ap pointed "to inquire" and "to report," but as the notice reads, it is only appointed to inquire, not only however into the' " best method of removincr the sludge," but also into the best method of "reporting upon it." " The Ghost of Lindley" is absolute as to this reading, and he wishes to know how can the public business be carried on when Cabinet Ministers express themselves so loosely. Now, an idea has struck us that probably, after all, the Commission was appointed for the pur pose not only of ascertaining the best method of removing the sludge, but also ascertaining the best method of reporting on it. Our "Ghost" brightened up a little at this sug gestion, and was anxious to know what were the capabilities of the members of the Commission to carry out such an inquiry. On this point we could only reply that in all probability they were as well qualified to inquire into the best means of reporting on the subject as into the best means of removing it. We beg to submit, however, that as there is a presumption in favor of G. S. Wagg Home, although a Minister being able to express himself intelligibly in two lines, there is very, great reason to couolude that ho has expressed himself properly, and ? that the Commission has the additional duty of in quiring into the best means of report ing on the sludge. It seems also pro bable that the members of the Com mission themselves understand this to bo their fuuctiou, seeing the peculiar interest they have already taken in the matter of reporting. Such an interpretation raises up a new phase of the labors of the Commission. ? The more wo look into the matter the more extensive becomes the scope of this inquiry. "We have already shown that, according to the Government an nouncement, the Commission must grapple with the question of sludge on all the goldfieids, and now it has got .the question of reporting upon it' to deal with. Positively this Sludge Commis . sion is assuming alarming proportions j and in stead of its being dubbed a Royal Commis sion, let it be styled a "National" or an "Im perial" one. . Certainly the word " Eoyal " is not in the Government notice, and " Lindley's Gho'st " declares its use to be a display of snob bery; but then perhaps it was accidentally omitted, and G. S. WaggHorne meant that it should ^ i so styled. " Royal Commissions"-och what wou. ld my friends say if they heard me called a " RoJ "a^ Commissioner!" ' The LA te PETm0N--Information was iceeumi vcsterday ft om the Chief Secretary's office, tlml the petition referring1 to tlie alleged neglect of duty on the pa.rt °f the Coroner, numerously signed and forwarded to Melbourne, had been duly referred for the consideration of the Attorney Genera). No doubt some stringent inquiries will be made into the matter, and a day or two will show what action has been taken thereon. 