BRITISH ATfD FOREIGN GLEANING-S : P^6ffil3tif9S3'.J^_.EK'GXAiil). FOB LlBfeLS ON Napoleon.-t Ariotho? prosecution.' of a' ' boot seller for a libel on the Emperor of ike French' has commenced. On iheJ2Srd March a Polish refugee, named Stanialaus TchotsevvsM, 'keeping^ a bookseller's shop, at 39, Eupert-street, Hay market, was brought before- Air. Jardine, at the Bow-street Police Court, upon n rcirran* charging ; him . with 'having, on the 1st of March, unlawfiillj printed and published a' certain fake, scandalous, malicious, seditious, and defamatory libel, concerning His Majesty the Emperor of the French, with intent to incite divers persons to assassinate his said Majesty.' Mr. Bodkin conducted -the p_ro§jh: cation on the part of the Crown, and Mr. Iiever8on,-a solicitor, attended for the defen defendant. The alleged libel is a small' pam phlet, in French, bearing the signatures bf'Lo Coniite de la Commune Revolationnaire, Felix Pyat, Beason.'et % -Talandier;'. 'being; .the docu ment referred to in certain recent'Parliamentary debates. Mr. B odkin said :— 'These proceedings are takeu by. the direction of Her Majesty's 'At-' tornev-General against the prisoner afe the bar, who has been, apprehended oh the. charge of publishing and selling the pamphlet which' I hold in my hand. It ia written m the French language, and like another which has been also the° subject of a late prosecution, it teaches, enforces, and justifies the. crim.a of assassina tion. The prisoner, although a. ^foreigner, re Bjrio9 jn TEngTnnr^ nnri enjoys the protection of our English laws ; and it is not to be tolerated that a person in such a situation should break and de'fy those laws with impunity. ^ I shall prove that the publication in question was purchased at the prisoner's 'house, with fire or Bii other copies, tne same having been adver tised as on- sale at his place of business; I shall have several passages of the book trans lated, and when your VYorship ha3 seen what the character of the production really] is, I doubt not you will fed it yonr duty to hold the prisoner to bail on. the charge.' Evidenpe was brought to show that the defendant really sold the pamphlet. Passages of it were translated and read, in 'which, the i ; question whether Napoleon deserved to be killed was discussed with an apparent tendency to answer it in the affirmative.. The case was remanded to the 27th of March- Mr. Jardine said he ^ would take baiL Mr. Leverson said ,he had one of the- bail present. _Jl_ person, .'^apparently - foreigner, stepped into the witness-bot. Mr. Bodkin said to him — 'Are you the printer of the pamphlet -which forms the subject of this prosecution?' Witness replied— 'Yes, I am.' Whereupon. Mr. Bodkin! said— 'Then I object to this person's-' bail.' Mr. Laverson now said—' Thfih'ySu ynO. drive'me to send for tha greatest Dhilos'opher of the age, J. Stuart MilL Ho will be bail, and I will send to the India House for him.' The prisoner was meanwhile commited in default of bail, and left in the nrison van. — Some News, Match 25. satbs. — A. . curious hoax appears to have been played off during the last fortnight on some members of the metropolitan press. .On the 1st day of March a somewhat shabby-looking man, who called- himself a reporter, entered the }ffice- of the Morning Star; informing^ the manager that ]a,v.erj impdria4t ineeting -^f Italian delegates was to beneld that evening in the classic realms .of Newman-street, and that if permission' were given^ the Morning Star should have exclusive benefit of a true and faithful acopunt. of the meeting. - The Morning Star accepted the proposition. Acccordingiy on the moaning ; 6£ March '2 thejreaders.of the Morning Star, were duly informed, that on the previous - eveiung; a ' meeting \q£ , 'Italian dele gates?' hfyfl been held in 'Newman-street,' and that, on the motion of Signor CorrentvF. 0. V, Bqrromeo was .called; to.the;^ chauv .'No other names .appeared on . that day. The next report of meetings, is in tbe Morning Sfhr of March 3, and also in tiie Times' oi ihe sa^ie day. '^hridently.the unknown gentleman had found hi» way into the sanctum ofPrintufg Hbli^squaferT'_!Di¥T{^vo reports ~ dISexedT a little. In the! ^S/ar, the ' ^tallab. deleg^bei_pre sent at Jiejjne^tuig3re. simply Sigpdr1 Bbr romeo andll Cavalier Castine; .whereas in' the Times there figurea1 an 'Hi F; Borromeo :as Chairman, and no^ mention at-ali. is made of a ' Cavalier' present . -The Skmfatft'. on the same day, has also a report of the 'meeting, with names differing from- both Ihe.dther3. The conference grows' more* 'important. Ia the Morning Star of March 4 we have Srgiior Borromeb, Signbr Correnti, Signor Far^ui,' and Signor Carionl; and the Standard of tlie'same day, besides, the report, has-a thundering leading article on the subject, blaming the Itanaiisjresi dent in EngfiudTfor' not joining tne conference. Other morning papers now begin to give daily reDorte of the conferences in 'Newman-street.' On the 10th of \farch, the Times blows the fire of Italian enthusiasm with a i gorgeous ' leader ' done in the best Times fashion, and asserting, among other things, that the Signor Farini, mentioned as oneof the delegates, is the well-known historian and deputy, formerly the minister of Pio Nono. This seems to have been the climax of the Newman-street affair. A good joke was overdone. The very impor tance of- the- pretended- conferences-aroused investigation, 'and soon after ; suspicion, as to the existence of all these famous delegates. It : is no w repgrted ,that' the.'whole^afikir was not . an exaggeration— a mountain - tt»«H« ? oat of a molehifl-rbut a baseless fiction.— Honte News. \ Tsg IiBViATHAsr.— ^At a' meeting of , the j shareholders of the- Eastern Steam Navigation : Company^Mr. Hope in the chair, the report: was received unanimously, and an adjournment! ordered to the 12th of March, After a few pre- : liminary observations from the Chairman, Mr. Brunei, in answer to a question, said he be-; lieved the_ original estimate for building' the.' vessel now called the Leviathan was between! £500,000 and £540,000.. This estimate, was) founded on three contracts; one for, the ship and two for the engines. From ' thei failure of a contractor they had had to carry, on operations and finish the vessel themselves,! which had added greatly to the cost. With; regard to the expense of the launch, the actual sumcanpot be ascertained without' searching! tha accounts thoroughly. The construction] was going on simultaneously as wellaaotherj works with which .the actual expenditure upon the bunch was mixed up. -The only item in which a saving coiuu. uuvu been effected was in the labour in the yard. A shareholder . thought that having built the largest ship in the world they had done, enough for feme, and should now look to tha dividend. The Leviathan, should be sent to sea as toon as possible without any further scientific freak. The novelties involved, accor- ding to the engineer's report, in some of' the constructions remaining to be accomplished in fitting of the vessel filled both himself and others with alarm. He considered the com mercial element not sufficiently represented at the Board, and moved the appointment of a committee to confer and co-operate with the direction upon the best means to strengthen the Company in this respect. After some ex plaaations from Mr. Brunei, a lengthened dis cussion took place upon the wording of the motion, which was ultimately carried, the di rectors expressing their concurrence. The Bill before Parliament waa then approved, the chief provision being a power to raise money at a higher rate than 5 per cent. In answer to a question it was stated that an estimate of the cost of completing, the ship would belaid before tbe meeting on the 12th March. . ??' - JLHE IU.UEDEUEK3 OF TU.E LATE MB. JSiLLIS. — William and Daniel Cormack have been found guilty of the murder of Mr- Ellis, but recommended to mercy, without any rea son for the recommendation being assigned. ' A curious episode,' savs the Times ' occurred at the trial. It was proved that ono of the assassins was on the Jury at the Coroner's in quest. The same Coroner was in the Court during the trial on Monday, sitting behind the attorney for the prisoners, and prompting him. The Judge had noticed hi? conduct, which he denounced in the most indignant terms, declar-. ing that he should be removed from his office instantlv, and peremptorily ordering him out of Court if he did not wish to be put in the dock.' Ther Attorney-General said an affidavit was being, prepared with reference to this person, and that as soon as it was ready, he would act en it.— rKame Neics. TOTAL DESTRUCTION OF WYNNSTAY BY FIRE. — The ancient mansion of Sir Watkin W. W. Wynn, Bart., M.P., was entirely destroyed by fire on the morning of Saturday, the 6th instant. Sir Watkin and Lady Wynn, accom- panied by the Earl and Countess Vane, the Hon. Major Cotton and Mrs. Cotton, with some other friends, had arrived at Wynnstay the previous day. About 2 o'clock on Satur- day morning the nurse to Earl Vane's children was awoke by their coughing and sneezing very much, and on rising to ascertain the cause, she found the room filled with smoke. She imme- diately aroused Lord and Lady Vane, who, perceiving unmistakable symptoms of fire, gave the alarm, and the whole house was shortly aroused. The flames ascended from the direction of the library, and with such rapidity did they spread that Lady Wynn and some other ladies were glad to escape in their night dresses. The place is a shell, not an inch of the roof of the mansion remaining, except a small tower and the domestic offices. By far the greater portion of the furniture, the whole of the library, paintings, and other valuables, are destroyed. Lady Wynn's jewellery, the family plate, and title-deeds of the estate are saved; but the Countess Vane's jewels, worth £3,000, and Mrs. Cotton's, worth about £2,000, are lost. The entire loss is computed at £70,000, not a farthing of which is insured. Fortu- nately, no loss of life occurred, nor any serious casualty, although Sir Watkin and the house steward, Mr. Blanchett, had a narrow escape. They had gone down into the cellars to ascer- tain the temperature, when about 30 tons of brick-work fell down near where they were standing; but, being warned of the danger, they were enabled to shelter themselves under an archways and so remained unscathed. The origin of the fire has not yet been ascertained, but there does not appear to be any reason to suppose it was other than accidental. — Dispatch. Colonel Cotton, Major Lovatt, Mr. Bulkeley Owen, and other gentlemen have been inde- fatigable in superintending the labours of work- men now engaged in searching among the ruins of Wynnstay for any valuables that could be rescued. The debris has been conveyed in large barrows to the brewhouse, where it was washed and examined under the direction of a fireman from the Watling-street brigade. The following articles are among those recovered:— Part of a set of jewels belonging to Lady Vane, consisting of an ornament containing 16 dia- monds, quite perfect, a large diamond, an emerald, and a magnificent sapphire. The Coun- tess's watch has been recovered, but a necklace pre- sented to her by the Countess of Londonderry is missing, although rigid search has been made for it. Sir Watkin's watch and chain, Colonel Cotton's watch, about a fourth part of the Hon. Mrs. Cotton's jewels, and 16 sovereigns and some silver money have also been saved. A beautiful timepiece, presented by the Rus- sian Ambassador to Lady Wynn on her mar- riage, has been found, but is utterly spoiled. A suggestion has been thrown out at one of the public meetings held in almost every neighbouring locality that instead of the pro- posed memento of jewels to Lady Wynn a painting of the old house of Wynnstay be made as a companion picture to the "Wynnstay Hunt," and presented as commemorative of the sad event. The house will be rebuilt. Tue louowing letter trom lady Haveloek, who is now in Dover, was read lately at a meeting of the Birmingham Town Council:^ ' Born, on the Ehine, March It -Sir^-JC have this-week had the honour to receive your letter, accompanied by an address of condolence from yourself, the aldermen, and' burgesses of the borough of Birmingham. I was already pre pared for such a mark of -attention_- by.a,lette? from your town, intimating the i.' sante, ' hut the deep sympathy' expressjaj for, me. in my bereavement, the kind sentiments felt in my behalf arid that of'Tn^ fatherless ehildreu, by so large and respectably j a; ,bj-dy, . $nd the elegant and very delicate manner in whichl '-this: address has been 'conveyed^ to :ma£ have, quite overpowered' me, antf I' can not find- word* to express all I feel. The niga encomiums- you nave au-Deen pieasea to pass upon the heroic deeds of Sir Henry Have lock, as a soldier and a' general, and the ex alted terms in whichryou haW spoken of my beloved husband as a man, are like Bweet in* cense to my' broken' antt -afflicted heart, . not merely because the praises of those we' love are ever precious to us, but because I am'so well aware that the portraiture of his ahnoat perfect character is by no means overdrawn, and fhe experience of more 'than eight^and-twerrty years of domestic happiness .only/serves to strengthen this opinion. But I thank my Heavenly Father that even in this cmshing^and unexpected bereavement, I have many sources of comfort, r Our gracious 'Suvemgn has prot. vided bountifiilly for my .wants; my sons ara nobly following the bright example of their father, and tny two daughters are my best earthly -treasures.^ C;A 'shade of- regret might intrude if I were to' reflect bn-the altered pros pects of my fatherless children ? but I cannot for a moment' indulge in vain regrets ; for our Heavenly Father ordains all things for the best, and I have too ^ much confidence 'in my'Hus band's countrymen to suppose that they can ever cease to ' take an interest in the children of Henry Havelocki May I- beg you will do me the .honour to convey my heartfelt thanks to the Corporation of Birmingham, and to be lieve me, with every feeling of respect; to* be, yours very gratefully, Hannah S. Havbiock.— J. Rateliff, Esq., Mayor of -Birmmghnm:'- 'A few days ago, at the TJhrversity College, photographic reports were,' presented ? of - -the state of ttie worksof the Soane railway bridge, two miles long, under construction by the East Indian Eailway Company. Such reports of works at a distance arc of course not' only deeply interesting, but mathematically correct. The officers thus reporting can neither flatter nor underrate. :The exact state of the works is faithfully represented by His Majesty .the Sun, who is above all misrepresentation. . His laws are unerring, and according to them- the . report is presented. Mr. Yignoles, CJB., mid Mr. Hyde CJarke, have the; credit of having first introduced the plan else whore,! and it is understood that Mn Stephenson is now carry ing it out with respect' to the works of the Yictoria Bridge over the Sti: LawrencOj at MontreaL - : . - : ' ,- 'It would be almost wortb while, ?' «ays ttie Spectator^' if onlyj r for the fun of the thing,' to '? bring before Mr. Speaker, the case' of. the; challenge which ia said to have heed trans- { mit ed to Mr. Boebuck from the Count 8e ! Ligny. Mr. Soebuck, it must be admitted, ! has been very severe upon the Umperor of the ; French; and the chivalrous Count deLignyyit is reported, has sent an invitation to the hon.j and learned gentleman to come to France for the j .express purpose ^mjdyfcg~thfi~Cbunt'B~ho9pi-: tahty and pistols. Of course the Count had-noi eye to his own Aggrandizement and promotion.: He as little thinks of any such contingency as 'R^lnigh did when he laid 'his :cloak in the mud xmder ?'. the feet .of Queen- F-lizabeth. But we look beyond the personal- dispute. ; The Count de Ligny has evidenily insulted Parliament; to oall »ny member to account for words which he has spoken in hi3 place in the House is a breach of privilege ; and it is a. fair question to pat to Mr. Speaker, what ahall be dona in the case? Probably Mr. Speaker Denison would see the propriety of sending the| Sergeant-at-Arms to take the Counf into cus tody, and bring him to the bar of ihe- House. And it is not to be doubted that the Emperor j in hi3 magnanimity, yould ajteist the officer of the House of Comm6na.!by promoting thfle^-! tradition of ihe Count:' ' ?' .?-,' v-.-. :i.\ The ancient Btory of fans and ms apple' had had a modern revival in Stuttgard,' the fair Uttie metropolis of -\hsr: kingdomtrf Wurteni'. berg. As the Augsburg Gazette tells us, at the Post-OfBce of the town of Stuttgard arrived a parcel filled with lace and silk and jewels,:'and addressed to 'The most beautiful lady in Stuttgard.' The postmaster— strangely for getful of some lady whom he ought at once to have recognised- by this- descriptionr did not know ' what to do with the parcel, and in his perplexity he applied to the Wtfftemberg-Qovernment to have the questien settled. Thereupon, says the: story, a Cabinet Council was summoned by good King William ; and it was decided,' after lengthened ? debates, that a commission of ladies should be sp? pointed to solve the question. This was done. When all the ladies came to the final ballot, not two votes were recorded for tha same per son ; bo, according to the latest news, the par eai is still with the postmaster. -'Crinoline ofter all,'- says the Court Journal, ' being only the old-fashibned hoop newly re vived, many ladies entertain an idea th^t powder wi'l be re-introduced in due course, certain perfumers having exhibited «xqui ite, models of'heaoVsd arrayed with a view of forcing it into vogue again ; but it has been determined by some of ths most aristocratic dames in the kingdom, with two. -of. our first duchesses for their leaders, to oppose the resus citation, and to make powder, aa at present, the one distinction, at least, between the lady and the lacquey.' ; Tha Paris correspondento! -the:-GZo8fi-says : — ' The husband of thedaughter of England being obliged, as all the Prussian princes' have been, to work at a mechanical trade,has been long a capital I hand at case,- selecting te be a compositor.' ' ' . . ' ' The application of steam to agriculture, u be coming moreand'mbre an accQmplished fact. The Society of Arts have given an evening to ' Bteam-cultivation ;' and sundry enterpyising farmers are making trial of tha ' G-uideway' steam machinery, which includes rails, whereby all trampling -of the field during tha ploughing J3 avoided, p 'seeing prbbsble that in the course of another ten years steam-ploughing ?will be general on all ou* large farms. -?The sea-serpent,' - -'Says ?? th« Spectator, ' appears to have .been completely established. Captain Harrington, of the Circassian, v is a person of responsible position, and a letter he addresses to Admiral .Hamilton .shawa him to be a sensible man. He, vith his frienda &ad; companions, to; the number -of 20, saw. the animal within ~a distance ? of 20. yards of the ehipr-The facts now stated tend to corroborate the account given' not only by ths: officers of Her Majesty's ship DsdalUs, but- by many other persons' who have Been some suimal at . sea of great. dimensions moving along' fhetsrater-, at a rapid rate. All the rujea of evidence make it more probable that there may be a seaser pent than that persons under such totally dif ferent circumstances should concur on essen tials — some of these persons being educated, \xmA te mawe objemtwn, a^ perfotl? trnstiforthy. The sea-serpent is therefore removed froin the category of metapfabnt' Id. illustrate ^impossibilities uito the category of realities. 'Its existence is one of the stpriM told to 'the- marines' which turn out to 'be true; and it hasJnot unf^equently happened that the belief of* the marines* has been more reasonable than the scepticism of those who laughed at them.'. ' '???'? ;-- The proposed removal of Temple ;Bar was lately discussed by the Metropolitan IJoard of Works. In such a matter-of-fact assembly jfc was' noFTo be' elpected'that' any Tenthusiastic antiquarian would rise up to denounce as an act of vandalism, the destruction, of go vene rable a structure as .Temple Bar. Accordingly a resolution was passed, declaring that the ob struction which it occasions to the traffic of Fleet-street, and the Strand rendered .its re moval desirable. : ?...,. V» i 'Jjig-Uen -has been bcosen np; ile was lowered the other day from the massive fraae* , Work 'which supported him.: in the comer' of Palace-yard, and kid upon, his side- on the ground. In this position the great weight of theTi'ead of the beU eaused1 it to sink into the earth, .so as to leaveits mouth, instead.of being ' Completely vertical, slightly inclined-npwards, yawning Uke an enonnoes cavernV- On the framework above a ball of iron weighing 24 cwt. was hoisted to a height of about 30 feet, and suffered to fall with- all' its weight upon poor Ben. Down came the'.mass in the inside of the sound bow, and with a bellow Ben yielded up the ghost — two pieces; one of about a ton, and one of some 10 cwt. .or ,?1$ cwt. being knocked clean out of hiii.side. .After the first blow the work of destruotioa. went on rapidly. The fragments were all carted1 away to the foundry where the metal is jo be. re cast. On a recent evening the atterjtion.of : some persons was attracted to an object in a pond in a brickyard near Barnsley. On proceeding to examine it they found a man up;to the neck in water with a collar of ice round his neck, which kept him fixed as in a vice.. He was taken out quite insensible, and prompt efforts were made to restore him, but four,: hours elapsed before he recovered. He tarnecTout to bsa blacksmith from Silkstone, and' he had fallen into the pond while returning home in a state of intoxication. - 'j J The Daily News states that a. London com mittee has been formed for the purpose of ^organizing a constitutional opposition through lout the country to any attempt which may be jmade to alter the laws affecting, conspiracy. p?he efforts of the committee' will aUo, it is said, be directed against any step- on the part of the Government tending to encroach upon our constitutional liberties,! or to invalidate the security of the asylum afforded by this country to political exiles of all classes and opinions. The vigilance of this cpmvmt,tee has .been aroused by the very unsatisfactory state ment recently made by Lord Derby jn the : House of Lords. . ? . ., '_? T The Pearl, screw-steamer, having on board Dr. Livingstone, Her Britannic Majesty's Con- sul for Quillimaine, Tete, and other places on the south-east coast of Africa, did not sail till the 10th March from Liverpool. There were also on board, Mrs. Livingstone and 'her little son ; Captain Bedingfield, R.N., Government surveyor and nautical commander. of the expe dition ; Dr.- Kirk, of Edinburgh, an eminent botanist 'and medical officer; Mr. Thornton, the geologist, & protege sof. Sir E. Murchison.; Mr. Rae, the engineer of the launch ; j|nd Mr. Baines, the artist, formerly connected with the Australian- expedition- sent in search 'of the lamented Dr. Leiohardt, and- who_ now goes out for., the.' purpose of sketching the 'country: passed through, and . the inhabitants,' animals, and plants met with in the research, in: Africa. The Pearl will proceed up. the;55am|»e3i: as far as her draught of water will permit, and after disembarking her passengers, stores, and bunch, steam direct for the island of .Ceylon, whither she will be employed by .the. JSast India Com pany for the purpose of carrying the mails from the mainland to the steamer contract boats at Point de Galle. She has. bean fitted up with a lifting screw, and. every other recent invention, for the purpose of p^ocarjng speed. The launch which the Pearl takes out is, for the purpose of facilitating the navigation: of the shallows of the Biver Zambesi. ? - - ???-? Ihok Tradb 'wiTk AiTSTBiiiA.^Each suc ceeding mail from, our Australian, colonies con tinues to bring large orders from these depen dencies for .iron! raflg' and; pipes,' for various purposes. , Another^.teported, on the; present occasion, from Victoria; . : An existing contract with the South Australian. -jrovernment, for the supply of ''water-pipe^, to the amount of some £80,000 or £90,000, is-now being carried out here with promptitude^ by usbipment of about 600_oc 8Q0_ tons per month) nqtwjthstanding the combined disadvantages . of , the late pro longed strike in the icon districts, and difficulty of obtaining continuous tonnage for snch large quanties of 'deadweight8.'r— Mining Journal, March 13. ' -' '.„??? ??'--?- 