THEATRE ROYAL. f " Hamlet" was presented on Saturday evening for the ostensible purpose of permitting Miss Mortyn a further opportunity of appear- ing in the character of Ophelia, a part in reference to her acting of which there is conflicting opinion. It is difficult to conceive hop, in the estimate of her merit on this point, there can occur any lack of unanimity. To a mind devoid of unfavorable preposses- sion her excellence can scarcely appear other than of that self-evident kind which requires no prolonged consideration for its sufficient (apprehension ; it is not of that average degree whereof opinion is formed by a process of computation, consisting in balancing favor him with unfavorable items, but it is rather of that positive quality which impresses at first sight- There are actresses, doubtless, who would present an Ophelia more striking and startling in its pictorial attributes, one in which by certain tricks of art there should be a frequency of contrast and a greater number of sudden surprises and there are others who would be more abundant in uniform smooth- ness and insipidity, but either of these modes of treatment would be remote from the normal requirements of the part which is one neither of melodramatic abruptness, nor of unmeaning, vapid flatness. Ophelia is a creation combining extreme tenderness with eminent sensibility, and her insanity is the con- I sequence of a sudden calamity acting violently upon an almost exaggerated nervous suscepti- bility : such a nature, relieved from the con- straint of reasoning consciousness, is prone to the wild and fantastic in its demonstrations, this mental perturbation, however.alterhating with that of equally uncontrolled grief. This psychological truth is exemplified in Miss Mortya's Ophelia. - We have first the timidity and gentleness of maidenly reserve, and afterwards the wild and occasionally energetic manifestations, of an uncontrolled imagina- tion. The purely conventional observances of the part she seems rather to submit to than to seek out, and the originality which in more than one respect she displays in the impersonation conveys an assurance that if she were left entirely to her unbiassed efforts, she would present a study remarkable for its freedom from merely traditional peculiarities, back as, among others, that of placing a scarf on the ground and going through a kind of pantomimic interment of that article of attire. Miss Mortyn is fully equal to the Subs to the tion of a less unmeaning observance than this or any other, piece of " stage business, which possibly might be well enough in the hands of its originator, but which to imitate is to participate in the charge of perpetuating those routine mannerisms that often clog and embarrass good noting. Mr. B. Younge's Hamlet presents many points worthy of commendation, It is throughout intelligent and well studied, and there are occasional readings, which are of unexceptionable merit. Here and there, however, he exhibits a tendency to exaggerate, and to allow sound to usurp the place of emphasis. This tendency we feel convinced arises from an unwise deference to the prejudices of the gallery. The energetic applause which a powerful delivery almost always evokes from this part of the audience is a temptation which some of the best actors have at times found it difficult to resist. Mr Younge, notwithstanding, has secured an admirable basis upon which to erect a more i finished performance; and if his active duties in connection with the theatre permitted closer Attention to the obligations of the part, he would find it to his advantage to make Hamlet the special object of his consideration. The part of the Ghost was allotted to Mr. Hoskins on this occasion, and it is needlessly deny that his delivery of the supernatural be- best fulfilled the elocutionary demands of the text. We do not think his dress, however, so effective as that usually worn, nor is it in accordance with the description given by the previous witnesses of the unearthly visitant. i 'Clad in complete steel " is suggestive of a ' pale metallic apparition. A dark armor, with a red sash, may possibly be more Accurate as to its chronological fitness, but it does not present so striking a figure as the other. The remainder of the cast was, with unimportant modifications, such as has been before remarked upon. Special mention is to be made, however, of Miss Morgan's Care, which was peculiarly excellent, whether as regards the acting or the make-up. We are again obliged to refer to the intoler- able annoyance of children in the theatre. There is scarcely a night on which interrup- tions do not occur from this source. There would surely be no great loss involved in the exclusion of persons accompanied by Infants. 