©fie $2¡mea iWorntng jfcerauu WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1858. No aspirant to popularity was ever in a more desperate case than the candidates who have made the suffrage their great card. They have found it impossible to create a sense of grievance in any "independent elector," or to awaken any other enthusiasm than attaches to an old party cry. Many from their youth have been accustomed to see " Universal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and Triennial Parlia ments stuck up on the walls of Old English cities. Some recollect the gather- ings under Old Glory of West- minster, Sir Francis Burdett. Others are full of the memories of Billy Cobbett, his gridiron, and his investment in Tom Paine's bones. Others have embalmed in their recol- lection the massacre of Peterloo, the patriotism, the corn-coffee, and the blacking of Henry Hunt, and of his white Radical hat. These remi- niscences are connected with the old cry of Universal Suffrage; and now, at the antipodes with a population not Australian born, but im- ported under all imaginable conditions,—we are treated to the old inapplicable cry of " Universal Suffrage," a cry which is received in silent in- difference by the vast proportion of the people, and only shows the ghost of its old world popularity. It awakens some dreamy sympa- thies in a few old political roues, whose little brains are softened by their ancient extrava gances, and who can only say over the formula of their turbulent youth. When a reform is demanded by any party, it is incumbent on them to prove that it is neces- sary. When they demand that the door shall be opened wider, they are bound to prove that it is at present inconveniently strait. Let us go to the present Constitution and enquire the conditions of suffrage. What do we learn in that much-abused institution ? If we find any man excluded because he has nothing but his industry, because he is a poor man, because he lives under a humble roof, there is room for complaint. We may fairly demand for him a voice in the enactment and execution of the laws. It is certain that in a colony where all arrive under various auspices indeed, but with equal rights, where all form part of the commonwealth, there should be no exclusion but on moral or social grounds. If, then, the present law enacted that exclusion, we should join the loudest and the warmest in enforcing relief. The persons entitled by law to vote now are First, freeholders of £100 value; second, householders at ten pounds a year ; thirdly, all who receive a salary of £100 per annum ; fourthly, all who occupy a room at £10, or who have board and lodging of £40. Such are some of the qualifications ; let our readers look about them—into our stores, our workshops, our streets, and colleges, and see if they can find any man worth the hat he wears who may not be included under one or other of these qualifications. The system of registration will admit of im- provement. It is a hardship that the blunders of copying clerks should deprive men of their votes ; that there should be no means of retaining a vote when the qualification is changed, not in its nature, but its locality. But these are evils which can be readily remedied by adopting a clause like that in the Parker Electoral Bill. There may be new qualifications arising out of the increase of gold digging. A miner's right gives a vote in Victoria ; we see no ob- jection to the principle, if some difficulties peculiar to the New South Wales diggings can be surmounted. These are the limits to which any consider- able number of persons confine their ideas of reform. There is something extravagant in the proposition that a man shall be suffered to interfere with elections who has no residence nor regular employment nothing to guarantee that he takes any interest in the affairs of the colony. When we consider how the population changes ; from what various countries it comes, and how loosely the wandering class hangs on our social system, it is not too much to ask that before votes are conferred there should be some indication of good citizenship. The advocates of great changes in the condi- tions of suffrage start with a theory of natural right, but they do not speak five minutes before they depart from that principle, and go about moulding the imaginary right to some notion of expediency. Why should a gentleman of probity, enterprise, and property, be excluded because he was born less than thirty miles from the shores of Great Britain—yet a Frenchman cannot vote. Why should an intelligent youth who gets his own living be refused at the poll and a drunken scamp of twenty-one, who lives by vice, be suf- fered to vote ? Why should a woman whose toil maintains her household, who pays every charge of the State, be excluded from the poll, while her carter, if he lodge at a rent of ten pounds a year, is authorised to determine indirectly what burdens her industry shall bear ? The advocates of universal suffrage have been greatly bothered to smooth off their formula to suit the taste of Sydney radicalism—thus " man- hood suffrage" will not do, it admits China- men ; or anybody with a beard,—hence we have had during the late election another cry—"free citizen suffrage ;"—a definition which wants to be defined ! It is admitted on all hands that, if cleared from technical obstructions, the present suffrage would include about 90 per cent, of the male adult population. It is perfectly clear that the political result of universal suffrage could not materially differ. One party could probably in- fluence these votes as readily as another. But the real objection to the change is, that it will lead to debase the constituencies ; that it destroys all the distinction between the orderly and stable of the working classes and vagabond part of the population. It is not desired by the people at large, and is merely an electioneering CARD. I . I The mother country has often had its panic and ' its crisis in former times, hut, while we doubt whether the derangement of 1857 is destined to be anything like bo Berious and disastrous as those which have distinguished previous financial epochs, it is undoubtedly marked by circumstances bo striking and unexampled, that a hasty observation of them might well lead to auguries of a very opposite character. We are so accustomed to associate ideas of " cheap money," with the monetary affairs of England-scales of interest sluggishly ranging from three to five per cent., for example- < that, when we hear the Bank of England de cling to discount even such first class paper as that institution alone entertains under a rate of IO per cent., the popular feeling is at first very naturally one of amazement and apprehension. The financial writers in the Times and Economist, however, are loud in their approval of the conduct of the Bank directors, as result- ing from the most complete know- ledge of hanking and commercial prin- ciples. The Times says, "that while a cry is attempted to be raised that the rate now reached is such as to create intolerable inconvenience, the demand at the Bank shows each day that, so far from creating inconvenience to the trader in providing for his ordinary re- quirements, it does not even produce sufficient effect to prevent him grasping at an unnecessary amount. And the Economist observes that the Bank hu " combined, in an admirable manner, firmness and Bound principle with the utmost liberality and courage." The Tîntes hints, indeed, that, under certain circumstances, the Bank would have been bound to go on increasing its rates ; but at the latest dates it would seem that what it had done was already producing good effects, and outside the Bank discounts were beginning to be effected at the Bank minimum. Mean- while Australian cold was coming in abun- dantly; and if improvement should take place in America we may soon hone to see affairs in England resuming their ordinary character and complexion--though we can scarcely hope a general restoration of confidence would be unaccompanied with great individual disasters in various quarters. To those who have taken the trouble to watch the progress of financial matters in England for the last two years, it would probably [not take them wholly by surprise that we should have to chronicle a "crisis ofJ 11857." Throughout the whole of the period I named, the demand for gold on the continent has been nearly unremitting ; and the Bank of England, in the honourable and skilful discharge of its duty to keep the currency of the United Kingdom both from vicious dimi« nutionandfror« depreciation,has from time to time been raising its rates of discount ; so in effect making England bid against other nations for the possession of the precious metal-as, of course, nothing can be clearer than that the holders of gold in Englana can have no parti- cular pleasure in sending it to Vienna, Paris, or St. Petersburgh, for the mere sake of strengthening the finance of those capitals, but that they proceed on the vulgar principle of sending their wares to the best market. No doubt the individual trader sees objec- tion to paying any additional per cent age for " accommodation," and when two or three of these are gathered together they will be apt to persuade themselves that the Bank of England* is the head conspirator in a scheme to injure commerce in general, and themselves in particular. Of course, what the Bank is really doing is enabling itself and other institutions to continue their aid to the public ; but the world is often very ungrateful for systematic benefits, while it has a keen perception of their occasional enhance- ment of price. But, besides the constant de- mand for bullion abroad, there have bean in- creasing evidences of that "over-trading" which we suppose we must regard as wholly inseparable from a large and enterprising commerce, and which we fear is incurable ex- cept through the periodic agencies of the Insol- vent Court. Here, then, we had quite sufficient grounds for apprehension ; but when, in addi tton to them, the American panic results in the non-renáttance of large American dues to England, and failures and stoppages of import- ant concerns are no longer avoidable, we then see the remarkable crisis at which commercial and financial affairs had arrived last November. It is to be noted that this same crisis of 1857 is in no way mixed up with any particular " mania." It is not the consequence of disappointed hopes among the dupes of South Sea bubbles or Railway delusions-at least as far as England is concerned. No doubt, stock and share jobbing in America has been carried to a most fearful extent, and to that probably we may in a great measure attribute, as to their proximate cause, the English disasters of the past year We observe that in some quarters there has has been a very clamorous demand for the sus- pension of the Bank Act ; and the outcry at length induced the Government to promise an indemnity in case the Bank should exceed its statutory powers in the issue of notes. On principle we suspect they are right who would preserve the Bank Act in all its integrity. The opponents of the Act proceed on the principle of meeting the demand for money by an artificial creation in the shape of additional bank notes, heedless about collateral or remote results. The sup- porters of the Act would keep up the power of the Bank to assist the public, by making money so dear that it would not leave England in quest of other fields of more profitable em- ployment, and, furthermore, that its use at home would be economised-thus maintaining at once an adequate currency and sta- bility in its value. But, whichever plan is resorted to, it would be impossible to meet* the demands which a country once fairly! committed to a panic would make on the usual distributors of money accommodation. As the Times said, " the Bank can undertake to provide for wants but not for fears." Another feature in the recent pressure is, that while rates of discount went up, that large interest in the community who now leave their money in the banks, and whose means contri- bute so much to the daily needs of commerce, were wisely allowed to participate in the advance. The joint-stock banks were giving no less than 8 per cent, for deposits. This is all in the direction of stability, and keeping the non trading classes from resorting, more majorum, to secret'cupboards and worsted stockings for the safe custody of their money. On the whole, we have every ground for hoping that the wont had passed. Even the suspension of the Bank Act, however unjustified by strict principle, yet if, with or without reason, it contributes to inspire public confidence, may be regarded'as a useful proceeding. The prob- ability seems to be that the Bank will very temperately avail themselves of the power given them, but will look, as heretofore, to the rates of discount as the natural regulator of the money market. There is no reason that we know of why the commercial calamities of England should necessarily be fruitful of disaster in this part of the world. There are many causes daily at work to give peculiar stability to our own trade and finances ; and with firmness, forbearance, and steady discouragement to all speculations not based on capital, we are thank- ful that, thus far, we see no grounds for any serious apprehension in the affairs of this colony. Baptist Chafe-.-Yesterday evening . tea meeting, to commemorate the arrival in New South Wales of the Rev. Tames Voller, was held in the sohoolroom, Bathurst-street, when a numerous company assembled. After tea, an adjournment took place to the ohapel, where a public meeting of theBaptist Colonial Mission- ary Society was convened ¡ Mr. I. M. Illidge in the chair. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, the annual report was _ read, which gave a very encouraging view of the operations of the Society during the past year, especially of the progress of the labours of the I Rev. P. Lane, at Hinton and Morpeth, where two chapels have been erected within the last two years, and good congregations gathered. Addresses weie delivered by the Rev. W. Whiteford, on the sentiment " Spiritual good : the worthiest acquisition, and its dif- fusion the truest beneficence." By the Rev. Mr. Boag, " Christian union the evidence and pledge of spiritual prosperity." Dr. Lang, "The Claims of India on the sympathies of all Christiana." Rev. S. C. Kent, " The Converted Youth of the colony, the hope of its evan- gelisation." The speakers were listened to with much attention, and drew forth repeated expressions of grati- fication. Additionat, Poiltng Piaces.-By a proclamation in yesterday's Government Qatette the following places are appointed additional polling places :-Por the electoral distriot of the united Pastoral Districts of Liverpool Plains and Gwydir,-Moree. Pot the electoral district of the County of Wellington, Louisa Creek and Wellington Road. Por the elec- toral district of the United Counties of Gloucester and Macquarie,-Tinonee. For the electoral district of the North Riding of Cumberland,-Manly Beach. Bazaau -St. Vincent's Hospita-.-The spacious pavilion, erected under the auspices of the Sisters of Charity, at the north end ef Hyde Park, was re- opened yesterday, when the lady exhibitors were to be seen during the afternoon and evening, actively displaying their elegant artistic products to a company of about three hundred, amongst whom was a large proportion of the ladies of the city. The band of the Artillery waa in attendance, and on leaving at their appointed hour in the evening were succeeded by a hired oom pany of musicians. The weather held fine, and the receipts approximately estimated, were, for the stau .ales, about £300, and from admission fees, about 440. These exceeded the receipts of last Tuesday, which were, at the doors, £30, and at the stalls about £200. The bssaw opens again to-day, at 11 o'doçk, and the expectation is that a greatly increased and «uhionable gathering will be present to countenance lu benevolent object. 