COLONISATION OF TUKKEY. {Erom Mitchell'» Maratime Pegisttr, March 6.) Tbe Sultan Abdul Medjid bas given many proofs of biB desire to raise tho condition of bis people and de- velops tbo resources of the Turkish Empire; the latest and most important proof of this disposition is disoern abla in tho plan for tbo colonisation of Turkey contained io the recent decree of tho Grand Vizier. The terri- tory thus thrown open to the settlement of foreign fami- lies extends over Bomothing like 30,000 geographical square milos, inoluding districts of well-known fertility, and skirted by a sea board nearly 4000 milos in extent, washed by no less than six BOOB, with numerous and well known harbours. The terms on which the Turkish Government invite immigration aro not only apparently advantageous, but singularly liberal. Land will be givon gratis to any family or individual colonist who comes provided with the moderate sum of £iß sterling ; facilities will be provided for the transport of his goods and ohattels to tbe country of bia adoption ; and the only condition attached to the grant of land is, that the colonist cannot soil it for twenty years after he takes poBsesion. If, before tho expiration of that period, ho desiros to give up MB land, ho must resign it into the hands of the Government from whioh he reoeivod it. Colonists under thiB syBtem are further exempt from personal or property tax for six years if they sottle in tho Turkish dominions in Europe, or for twelve years if tboy settle in Asia, and the free exeroiso of their religion is, in all places, and under all oircumstano.es, seouro to them. Such are tho conditions under whioh the Turkish Empire is frooly openod to tho settlement of foreign families. That the dominions of. tbe Sultan afford a prolific field for colonisation cannot be denied-blessed for the most part aa they are with a teeming soil and a salubrious oliraato ; nor can it be said that thero is any intention betrayed in the deoreo of the Grand Vizier to tako advantago of the colonist, or to deal in any way unfairly by him. But tho tendency of European emi- gration has boen hitherto to tho Wost, and of late years to tho Antipodes, but novor towards tho East. Indeed, the movement of tho entire humau raco has bean from East to Wost from tho earliest timos; and whether any artificial regulations, however well ooncoived, will serve in any way to operate against this tondenoy, or to roll back, so to speak, the natural current, remoinB to be seen. Tho inducements now held out to European families to settle within tho Ottoman dominions aro certainly very attraotivo, and, but for {tho reputation for lawlessness which tho population of these dominions possess, arising ohielly from tho dofeotlvo character for Turkish Exeoutive, colonists might be found to oooept tho offor of Ibo Sultan, The experiment, howover regarded, is an interesting one, and, if successful-of whioh wo confess to having serious doubts-the movement will result in a largo increoBO to tho Turkish rovenues, should tho Turkish Government bo in czistenca to aolieot thom. Tho trade of Turkey is nothing ta what it might bo. Tho entire imports to this country from tho Ottoman dominiotiB, exclusivo of Egypt, do not, according to the last roturns, exoood £3,500,000. Tho natural wealth of tho Turkish territory in both Continents is known to be very great, but hitherto thero hos been neither enorgy nor wealth in tho possessors to dovelopo it. The oller of tho Turkish Government may bo the oommenoement of a now era for Turkey, but it may be doubted, in tho present state of thu world, whether the rule of the Sultan will last long onough to bo benefited to any ex- tent by tho opening of bis territories to tho industry and enterprise of the foreigner. AuíriULiAN EL0WEH8.-The nativo roso1 has tho colour but no other resemblance to tho European quoon of flowers. It is ono ef tho few ilold.flowers possessing any odour. Wafted on tho passing gale, it commondp itself pleasantly to tho sonsos; but strange onough, on closer acminintanoo, thoro mingles with tho rloh perfumo an undoubted smell of fox-a saont whioh, however pro- ductive of rapture in " tho field," is hardly adopted to tho boudoir. In the low lands of tbo Botany scrub I noticed n crimson and orange flower, liko tho foxglove in form, vory haudsomo, but so hard and horny la tex- ture, that the blossoms actually ring with a olear molal« lio sound OB the brooze shokos JJl»m. It might bo the fairies' dinnor-boll, calling them to dow and ambrosial But alas I thoro aro no " good pooplo" in Australia I no 1 one over hoard of a ghost, a bogle, or o fotoh.koro.- | j Muniy'a "Ourdntíjtoáa," 11 