WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. .Chapel j^ew¿Qjvnr eîid .was"'numerously attemdedTtl MT'. Ö. «* AÏlea--fc»k tte chair. The proceedings ^yrngtoeaitomened with'pssim'^ud prayer, th« chair nan called upon the secretary to read an abatraotof iba report of the proceedings: of the Society during the put ye'ar,'. * .' . . ' ' "The repazT shewed that the contributions were still 'lanreaalog. but the late period. tb. which many or the' \- Bjm."vfaaarle/ had been gradually postponed, had in- volved the society -in conaiderable difficulty and ex ?', ..pense. ; The publUbed.*Wemeut' on - tba missionary '* notices, would, show that, on th<30thof:Jnnè; th ; .;^aUhre 'irai.i4eW 19i. lOd.,wbUe the receipts_ " only £814 fir. 3d., leaving an overdrawn' account of £$870(Ha.-"7d. That, on the 30th of September, the temi expenditure was ¿7203 12a. '3d; ; the total re- ceipt, 41934 ls.;- leaving e. balahoe' againat the Society of £5S69 10a. M. Nearly the'sams balance iras recorded on the 91st December. The total ex- penditure of th« past year was £13,9(3 Ss, 3d. The nett receipts from the 00)onie*, and tba Mission dis- tricts, including £im . 18s. ; nativa contri bations in oil are ¿9333 8s. ¿cavias? a balance, to be paid by the committee InLondon, of £862018s. 3d. WîthjTfexenca to the Society's operations in Kew Zealand; ' it was stated that there' wera in the ( AucklandDistricts-ll English and 44 native chapels; *9English and 80 native'other preaching places; 1? missionaries, 3 ' native assistant missionaries ; 7 Eng liaVand 3 hatírVday school'teachers; 52 English, and 13s Sunday sobool teaohers ; ll English, ,and 148 native local preachers ; 19 English, and 100* native dm'leaders-,'301 English, 1436 native mambeia; 19 English, 130 natives on trial for membership ; 7 Eog Esh, 7Û native Sabbath schools ; 364 English, ' 2405 Ba'Ûve Sabbath scholars; 3 English, and 6 native dav soaooh; 129 English, and 190 nativa day acholars;' 1400 ' English;; 4379 ¿native attendants oh publio -worship. In tb« Wellington District :-39 chapels, 36 other S'aching places, 7 missionaries, 1 supernumerary,' 3 y school teachers, 84 Sabbath school teachers, 71 lacal preachers, 57 class leaders, 734 Church members, Bon trial .for membership,.. 37 Sunday schools, 1186 Sunday scholars, 4 day schools, 80 day scholars, " 3607 attendants on public worship._ The District- of the 5ViendIy""IslSnds" had- been lerionsly injured for want of missionaries ; whilst in the ' Tonga District (says the report) the , venerable superintendent has sunk tinder his oppressive I 'labours,'ind"Popery is struggling hard to alienate the people,' add various devices sr.« employed.' '. It .is with some taking .the place of tho old paganism, that had1 been abandoned. The missionary remarks-" It leads' from God, H's. ways, HU word, His pur» worship; It leads from 1 Christ, in us; the" hope of glory,' to dumb idols ; a painted or a golden Christ ia setup, which God has most positively forbidden. Popery does not change the heart, there is a sprinkling of what is called holy water, but- there .is no baptism of the Holy Ghost,'and .__of_ _&E.i;_l-Goa... the Spirit is not --in1 it, and it. only lives where true religion dies." j A Peejse District Meeting, after expressing ita otter inadequacy to meet the'erowing wants of the mission,, «dds :-" In our several circuits we have had already (4,281 profesring" Christians. Our present staff of missionaries and of native agents is utterly inadequate to supply them with Christian instruction and pastoral oversight. .Yet there are immense fields of labour among the heathen, open to missionary operations. , ; Two; additional, catechists were sent to .Rotumeh 'to ''. attend the work dorins: the, absence..of .the Nativo Asttfltaut'Musionary.'' "We again .strongly- urge' that ' two missionaries should be sont to each of the follow- ing places, to form new circuits :-Ksndavu, Somo somo, and Namena. ' In Kandara there are already 12,000 professing Ohristians waiting fora missionary;". £56 13s. 6d. had been received by the sale of scriptures' presented by the British and Foreign Bible Society, and wiTl be remitted to England by the !next mail. The following is a general summary of the stations, ftc, occupied by the Society :-Chapels, .397 ; other preaching places, 388 ; missionaries and assistant missionaries, including supernumeraries, '55 ; cate- chists, 215 ; day school teachers, 1564 ; Sun- day Behool teachers, 428 ; local preacher*, 1023 ; class leaden, 176 ; fall «od accredited Choran members, 16,136 ; - on trial for membership, 3222 ; Sabbath schools, 198; Sabbath scholars, 10,410 ; day schools, 572 ; day scholars, 23,369; attendants on public worship, 80,635; printing establishments, 2.< In conclusion, the committee, In their reply, urged upon the Wesleyan Churches in the Southern world to cheer sud encourage them by the liberality of their eontribntions, and the ardency of their prayers to God for the success of this glorious enterprise. . The Rev. Mr. KENT then moved, ? " That the report now read be received and adopted, and that the meet- ing determines to aid the general committee in its effort to realise the Society's income at an carly period of the year,'" The reverend gentleman, in urging the jnietipg to.renewed exertion, pointed- out.that-it was " ~ not from insufficiency of revenue .that the Society waa suffering, but from the fact that it -did not get its in- come soon enough ; and'iie ( suggested more frequent meetings. Whilst allnding'to the.hesitation shown by yeung men to engage in miisiönary labours, ha ad^j verted to the recent revival of religion in the United . State*ofÀmerloaj,ad^ïnjg,jtbatifth«mem^ ^^churçhWcoûld'feel such a revival' in;tbeir souls there' '' *rWb^lfloCbyTio,'fcar for tte success'cf their* misaionj| ; for '"then Hirers'would'bs'no' Uck of men jar money, a* men would arisB earnestly- désirons .of en- gaging in this work, . willing "to bear any - sacrifice or suffering ¡ for - the . sake : ) ol Him who was made poor in order that they- might be- come rich. i -Thrao^on^as"Seconded by the Kev. MrVOiAnxa, who, in £ lengthy speech, which. embraced many in- teresting details and appropriate illustrations, pointed out :the posiUbn-.of the Society's' operations, and urged its claims upon the meeting. ¡ \ The Rev. Mr*. Ixoirs'ibB moved the'nextreaolulioh j -" That this meeting regards the increase ,of native ?nidoñverr*,-ari"d'the penis in whichrthey; are-placed, by , ? ^ 'thfl-'machihationS'of Póper^/as cVeating á'newssity for Y a-rreinmrë~emeu~t-'of the missionary band, and resolves tp render its share of help to the JSWelety. in providing the requisite merni'''' .The rev. .gentleman,'who had been more than nineteen years in the- Ne w Zsaland Missionary, service, stated, with regard to the good the Soddy had" effected, '.that. the<: natives of that or twenty years there had not Veen:» singlé instance ticannibalism there;; 'The Word: of God 1 had been translated, and many of themjread it fluently in their own lan gaege7!became'well acquainted with_its mean . in^,-Vnd'áblo!wíifi''it to meet their adversaries; so _thjino.wJt«Lwaa hot afraid of - any superstitious -mon- grel Christianity befog grafted upon the native mind. TheapeaJcer aUuded-to fhe'recent death of an old New Zealand ehisf, and, siter some eulogy on his character, stated that, besides having been the means of saving the lives of rosny. Europeans during 'the "Wairoa mas- sacre, he had sinu'e been. Instrumentât in the progress ,-of hfs, brethren, and an useful ^auxiliary io the-mis ,iÍ^n'Í^Tnw\^\kñZÍ^Thi rev." speaker then^-aa 3,4;»eijierte¡ iù^ïiétiàtj,- fcY'morewed' support, .urging ' '*thaV there were men'wllliiig'to engace In th'e.field.that was opin to them, bot means' for their, support were wanting. He said praying, for the coming of Good's Kingdom, and yetnot"dóing,their.ntmost1.túWards it, was something Mke hypocrisy or a-want of esrnest-. ness ss to the result of their supplications. '^Although lt would be bey« that they should give jgp_Jh_a canta or Uhnst and cease praying,- unless they ware willing and ready tooVall for-him; yet he hoped that they 1 Cwonld^notxeáse,their prayers and' théirteffortev and, referring to the revival of religion in the United Sutes, *s timfatf that Some such'change might take place in this S'f '.' -,' ' . ,'' ... - - t TheTCsv." Mr.'"HwflBT¿ seconded th» motion in ia .. îhne^Sjddress, ia whichjhe^alluded to tbemeepsslty. for '''íiBéT¿sfioifforjis'-m,ór^ counteract*tba",*¿ffecü( of ; :(t£b-.SomöH Pföp^andiji'whbV he, said, ,.' fold'tn'e.Mopfe'.thar'o'tber. missionaries wera,1, nott the ' ministers of Christ, that Wesleysnljim, w^ no religion, ;- *od that ajl besidestthemselves wore.ouuide the; pale of Ohrist'skingdom.' Tomsk« tbeefforteto'opposethose evil Influences effectual' it-woold bo necéssary^o biinig. "' all'Üra-Soclety'B appliance* to bear upon'lhoao islands, and, having won the flflld,.lhey mast take oars to bold it for the sake of Christ and Protestantism: 'To Ooarry out that end' there mnst'be an aogmenWtian of mis 1: ?Jonsry.-agency fn'that-'part 6t the voxW, «nef conso qtuntly'incr'ease'd contrlbQti^ns'Mr their sustenance. - - . The «solution wss P?tr;totüie; meeôqg,and passed, -/rnnsilttdnsly;^^ h ' . ^'ixiShsiSlev: Mr.4:Eootmox' then' moved a"i«olat:o« .^exprertíVe df tKef»m«tii'g's"tbanXs to' the office bearers of the Sodety, and reqpesÜDg-thémjó obñtlñue'.in'the ï* ékáfáWót Rieífó!HíÍM.!i;Hethtó ;o:á^ statistical returns he ' b'aá ; recently,-4rom ? .the . ïeejee' iBlaftds, "1J wbio'b ' ' stíoWd that -itWre-ware-In^-'thail'- 'disUict. -32»-chapels ; fl64 mo« thariTast year) ;'MO^resóbing places (lut yes7Í¿5};7 missicmarief.Two English flchoolmsitera;¡ niite"i:ative assistant miisíónaríís (10 last y«ar) ; 286 Ltttechiits'J^^ aaiîflfpbj "(13Í last year)-; OL126; natíve , " preathus fs^4^ä«oi about 2381 ; cnuroh*members, , SSMtT^^XK^^' for* n^tíenbip,'3422 ; ^Incre*äbW Mir*rj&7.M Vi nay'sobolars, 25.99l7^Âttendants on pabilo worship ., (not indadíng RotamaJ, , He: spoke of tbl1 deer ability of making Auatraiasian .MialonaryM: Society Independent of tha hone 9oeiety, and sui wtted-that-no-ooxfj drafts Tjpoii'that inittrtUÔn^nl be necesiarv if the present contributions were doùbted,. ( Mt;A; MVAÄTSÜB,'seconded tho"'resolution, which'' waa rj4rHed with unanimity. ; j A rroto bfthanks to the chairman waa «lao pissed* «pd, behaving .brtaft« reappnded, rthe.doxology >ras iunj,sand the attendants dispersed. . OOVBT op" BZQUBSTB. - £30' Jurisdiction, -f Tho Oourt wül-^uináv its sittings at tao. 'o'clock j this morning;, with the hearing of th« ease Brierly and others T. Moon. No. 46, çontinnted from ' lut month. The assessors summoned for thia day are Meaars. A. Fairiai. J.P.; "J. Flavelle, ona T. H. Pox. ' /SCHOOL OT AKTS.-Tba subject for thia everilng'a weekly Lecture át> the Mechanics' Behool of Aita ia " Drawing, and the advantages to be derived from it :*' Mrti Joseph Fowles being the lecturer. Chair to ba iak&n;'aiT.SDp.'m; 1 ?? ' ? y&x;Éks&t;ïi,--A neat tablet (sculptured by: afr. King, orCbippenham.) has beW erected lo the Inde- pendent Chapel, Melksham, to the memory of the late lamented'minister^; bearing the following inscription: -"Saoredto tie'memory of the Bev. Jacob Jones, for «ix years'pastor of .this church, who perished in the wreck of 'the Catherine Adamson, off Sydney Heads,~October 24th, 1867. Thia tablet is erected by his son-owing friends, a loving tribute to hie memory. 1 To bim that overcometh will I grant to «et with rae on my'throne.' '* _\ . | Disraissnca CASE BY FIRZ.-A distressing base, caused by fire, took plaee on Wednesday morning, ; near Fairfield Station. A gentleman of reapeetablelcon necUons, had hishouse burned to th'iground In a few ,minmç3, and before some of hie children were ont of bed, leaving him with a wife and nine children desti- tute. '" I : TH a FIBS BBIOABB.-The brigade supported by various insoranoé' companies established in thia) oily took out their engines yesterday for the púnase of ?practicing them, end keeping them prepared for any emergency that may; arise. Th»y played fromi the waterhole at tho top1 of Parramatta-street, and, from the volume and force of. the water they ejected, appeared to be in first-rate order. Thai superintendent, Mr. Bpwn, had out'also the large ladder fire ' escape, whloh is intended to place against the upper windows of a house on fire,.for th« purpose of ? rescuing the inm%tei. It is also found very useful to' enable the firemen to take up the hose to the top of a burning house, and thus to command the placee where fire may - be raging, li y its means the hose was taken up to the roof of ona of the tall houses, just opposite'the waterhole, and a powerful stream of water wis thrown out of the branch pipe of the engine even at that height. The engines and hose have been recently p »in ted and repaired under the superintendence of Mr. Bown, who has been for many years the manager of the brigade. They presented a very creditable appearance, and we trust it may be long before their active services are required. The Band of the 12th Regiment will perform a selection of music in the Botanic Gardens, this afternoon, at half-past three o'clock. Programme : Overture, " Le Calif," Boni dien ¡ selection, "'La Favorita," Donizetti ; quadrille, " The Wedding," D'Albert; selection, " Lucia de Lammermoor," Doni- zetti ; waltz, " Molly Aathore," Callen ; Polka, " Fife," Julien. God save the Queen. Director, Mr. Callen. Department of Internal Communication. -With reference fô'ôur lèadë"r"of yesterday, it will be seen 'by the advertisement whioh appears in onr issue of to-day that one of the desiderata on the railway is about' to ?be supplied, fer the long-expected' telegraphic instru- ments having arrived in Sydney, offices will on 'Wed- nesday next bé oponed in the railway stations at Red- fern iud Parramatta.'Thfe will enable the commis- sioners to me the telegraph far the working of the singlo line between'Parramatta and Campbelltown, .which' the want of instruments has hitherto prevented them from doing, and will also be a great convenience to^the public. With reference to another of the ?desiderata referred to by-OJ, and commented on by the commissioners appointed to Inquire into the late 1 railway accident and generally into the style of man- agements-namely, the. wasteful and unnecessary weight of tho'present locomotive* î weare happy^to leam that this ha*.also been anticipated and provided for, the commissioner* having ordered from'England about 16'months ego two-locomotives of .improved construction, much lighter and superior in every respect to thoie in uso, which have'jost arrived in the Constantine,, and whioh will be landed in a few days. LAXD L'BAODE.-NO more then flva members being present last evening, at the advertised meeting for the election of office beeren, and the initiation of steps for a. monster gathering, an adjournment tine die took place. j DETERMINED SUICIDE AT COLLECTOR.—A shocking case of suicide occurred on Wednesday night or Thurs- day morning last, at Collector: the unfortunate victim of a disordered mind being Mr. Jacob Lynham, cabinet maker, well-known in the district. For the past few weeks, he had been residing at the house of his brother-in-law, Mr. Grant, Collector ; and, on Wed- nesday evening, he retired to rest as usual, and though somewhat depressed in spirits, not so much as to cause alarm. It would appear that towards morning he arose, and, taking a razor, made a gash across his throat, cutting into the windpipe. Few of the princi- pal vessels appear to have been severed, and apparently finding he had failed in his purpose, he went out of the house and threw himself face downwards into a waterhole about 20 yards distant Here he was found by his sister, Mrs. Grant, at daylight, quite dead. The back of his head was just visible above the water ; the only clothing on the body was the shirt. Tracks of blood led from the waterhole to the bedroom, and the razor was found lying on the bed. Deceased was thirty-six yeas of age, single, and possessed of some money and property. An inquest was held on Friday, before Mr. R. Waugh, district coroner. The jury re- turned a verdict of suicide under temporary insanity.— Goulburn Chronicle. NEW POST-HOLE DIGGER.—A post-hole digger, con- structed upon the principle of the American auger, has lately been invented by Mr. Charles Clements, and is found to answer admirably, as may be gathered from the fact that a post-hole of the ordinary depth, in hard ground, can be cleaned out in two minutes and a-half. The borer is worked by two men—one at each end of a hand-spike, something after the fashion of a screw press. It is needless to say that the invention con- siderably economises labour in the erection of fences, and is, therefore, of some practical importance in a district such as ours in which split timber fences are so much in requisition.—Bathurst Free Press. Broox ON THB LionLAJí'.-A largo proprietor of stock I upon^the Lachlan who hes just returned from-a visit to his aUtfbnsv reports' very unfavourably of the state 6f the country. The frontage of the river for two or three miles back is pretty well grassed, but further o condition. Oot of '^master of 10,000 head/ hob more than half a dozen fat'-cattle could bi aeleéted-a sfare of things which has seldom, if evär.^bf fore been, known, %pon the Lachlan.-B^ur si Tree frat. "j THB WESTERN .DiaTBioT;--SprÍñg weather appears* to have fairly.sating /and' tn have' driven the frosts away. The temperature pf the atmosphere ^cresses almost daily, and has now attained to 70degr«cs in ;tber shade at: .noon. -''Végétation . of- every kind pro- gresse» rapidly. The.pldins- are covered'with nutri- tions grau, sud look beautifully green; and'thè garden's are delightful to behold. '' Since the commencement of waraVwWiher the crop? hive grown" apecpyäod a good harvest, should no drawbacks Intervene, "awaits us. The prospects of the1 s'jrTÍcolhirBl ' are''certainly more encouraging thin-those, of the pastoral' interests. BatAurtt FreëFr'eu.' ., ^ ! SUKES: Buws.-^JTbe, Orange correspondent of th'e Bathurei: Time* say's :-It must 'bs a source of infini tb gratification tor pur: shipowners at .beholding thia splendid appearance of green pastura every where; the rains of Sandeylssthayinggiven suehanimpètas to tho growth of grass,, that in: many places lt is from six to eight Inches'high." X, know'-'of; on>'' f»na' where thé" grsjs'îj'rtôw^ôîfootfrom'the;ground^ We shall havh" ajjúnaiderablejedúoüóñ'iitbé prlce.ofhay.nextyesr;,; and a good supply.of muttou.in'iha.matkot; as many I squatters .will nave fat.sheep'iuUbundedce. We trust the cattle stations may-soon present the same enL couragin'g -a-'spécf,~ ánd'ttílt the' prlce^of beef will fell with that of iay, I 't 'iriie-'-'WBAT%Bti!^AKD -CHOPS;-Perttaps In-no season YoV-manyryaarij'pas't has' tha weatbet'hienraore favöuri able for '.adváaelrig -the1, 'growing 'crops' ' than has the I present in this, districtgeneraUy.*" !The abundanco of i iain whicb(fril'duririi7,the',rc¿nüi.[\of September, haf bein followed"tiy ^XortnlgKi'i, dry, warm wt other ; -and-the-crops-are-thiok^-on- -the -ground,* - and rapidly lnortasIrig; ^'iú -'' height. Everythingl indee/,(indicates BU. éárlyj and .ari. abnndsnt.returof ;'orkíla¿Hni 'th'e'""extent' o^grbuud, under;ojiltívatloní Tfi^JWtdSi a^'orcKardiî' alsb.gLve promue of, an unj oj a illy large yi^ld of-fruit ; .and were ,at -not for the) destruction of ma.ty crüinaíy plants by the aphis-i rw|.ifeh«jr}eto7/on;^irfl^ gat rid;of-the) ita>¿of.the>aro^ó«-w'pnlfl ífl-e^paUT,*atif*ctory ai ífie appearance o/ the fleJdji.\\. X^ced,. all round, le píen' UÏol íjfau>;rñotWíth'staudingV/beef aiíd mutloa ot "*¿>X goo ^-qa ali ty i are Hardly to be obtainer intown.- ^ 