L AUINCESTON EXAM?[INE lI. Saturday, May 29, 1858. BUNKUlM. A PIACTICAL joke of some days' stand ing Ihas been perpetrated at the expense of what " Tony Weller" calls a gulled public, and we shall not be surprised if they resent the deception that has been practised upon them. A meeting was held where abusive talk and irrelevant discourse were predominant. Harle quin, Clown, and Pantaloon performed a pantomime, with set speeches as an improvement on seasonal festivities. The inspiring spirit whispered in a dream " Youth of an erring Panchlto line, Kindly it said, one hope is thine Send a petition, wordy and long ; Don't draw it mild, but pitch it strong ;" And a petition was prepared. It was very modest : its anuthors were "werry wertuous, worry patriotic, werry pocket-regarding," for they did not pay the widow for the use of tile room in which they held their corobboree. Our reporter was so indecent as to laugh at their proceedings, Ibut no rational being could keep Iris countenance, and he may be excused. But suddenly a tmiracle was wrought t: the one petition was multiplied into seven, which, being a perfect number, indicates tile precise amount of ex aggeration which is placed before a cypher-or nothing at all,-to give it requisite significance. It is of course a bit of a hoax, atnd if the same penalty were attached to obtaining signatures as well as money under " falso pretences" thlere would be a rare crop of convictions. But tihe one is not more immoral than the other. It was, however, a decided "sell," and we doubt if the seven cyplher petitions, with their names, will be allowed to see the light. We should like to analyse tile alleged signatures and marks, although tlhey may not number one-tenth of the rate payers. Common sense would have said, send in the petition, whatever its purport, in the ordinary way. But no I our mimes wanted to produce a sensation. Funny fellows I they desired to tickle the corporation, and addressed a letter to each member. The comical missive was to this effect,-" I am requested to ask at what hour and place on thie 26th instant it would be convenient to you to receive a deputation, consisting of fourteen citizens, to present to you a requisition, signed by upwards of a thousand ratopayers at Launccston, canlling upon you to resign your offico in the Municipal Council." We beg our renders will not smile at the practical joke. It is a veiy serious matter to those who have taken leave of their senses. The Mayor, in reply, very properly suggested that the requisition be "transmitted tobimin the ordinary manner.. Citizens will then be spared the troublo which will be imposed on them in forming a doputa tion-a compliment which the occasion scarcely seems to justify I" Mr. Evans says--"I most cheerfully accede to your request, and sincerely trust and hope that ere this day week I shall have ceased to boa meonbor of the Municipal Council." But there is the fifty pound penalty in the wayif lihe resign, and will ho pay it ? And then another deputation from the same quarter has requested him not to resign. Mr. Clayton says he is ready to receive the deputation at his office between 11 and 12 on Tuesday. Did they coma ?-for wo are in the dark-and did they lodge the original requisition in his hands ? Mr. Allison suggests that "half-past 12 on Tuesday" should be selected. Did they come, and did they lodge the original requisition in his hands ? Mr. Cohen replies-" I shall be prepared to receive such a deputa lion at my oflico on Tuesday, at 11 o'clock n.m." Well, did they come and place the requisition in his hands ? All this is extremely ridiculous to imen possessing comnuon sense. Mr. Fawns is very straight forward, and in his blunt way rebukes the insolenco of the demagogues who presume to insult him: Launceston, 24th May. 1858. Sir,-I have your communication of the 22nd inst, requesting that on Wednesday next, the 20th instant, I should receive a deputation of fourteen rate.payers of this town for the purpose of requesting ime to resign my seat as an Alderman. I have always had but one course in view, atd that was the good of the public, and feel. ing that I ever acted as becamo me, and that imy resignation now would not be of benefit t tlhat conmmunity, I must decline receiving such deputation, fobr I feel that consistently I could not comply with their request. I am Sir, your obedient sorvant, Joins FAwBs. But Mr. Crookes' letter is a plain spoken crusher : Sir,-I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd, Inst, requesting to be informed when I could receive a deputation ofthe rate-payers of I,auno ceston, &c.; In reply, I beg to request that you will be good enough to inform the Committee that I am at a loss to see bow the puiblie good can be promoted by the re'icnation of an olica to which I have been called by a large number of my fellow citizens, nndl the dultle of which I have not failed to discharge to the best of my ability. If I were to accede to tlhe course proposed by the committee and desert my post, I feel that I should be guilty of n acnet of injustice towards those of my fellow townsmen whose votes placed me in office, and whom I have the boneor to represent in the Municipel Council. When the proper timeo shell come if they find a better and more independent man to represent them it will ntforl me much pleasure to give place to him i but until then I shall be prepared to pursue that line of conduct which shall appear to me to be best calculated to promote the peace anid prosperlty of ihe town. I hlave therefore to request that you will be kind enough to inform the Comnmittee that I respectfully decline to receive the deputation. I hare the honor to he Sir, Your obedient servant JoiNt Cuoosis. We are quite sure that none but those in total ignorance of the law, and dupes of illiterate political charlataus could have subscribed such a request. They must be of a class which submits to the old Christmas game of Open your month and shut your eyes And see sowhlt Samo will send you. The blind leading the blind and both fidling into the ditch of absurdity together. Over-weeniing conceit flattering vain and ignorant men-that in the mnled they would atill be made Mayors, or lit least Aldermen, may have enlisted a few whloso characters will soon be hopelessly lost by the bad association, but whose aspirations will most certainly be disappointed. Just read the 21st and 23rd Sections of the Municipal Act : XXI. Penalty for refusing to accept office of Mayor or Alderman.-And be it enacted that inly person dilly qualified who shall be elected to the ollco of Mayor or Alderman under this Act shall thereupon accept snlch ofice to which lie shall have been elected, and if any such person who shall have been elected to tthe oflice of Mayer or Alderman under this Act slhell refuse or fiull thereupon to accept sueh ollIce and to take Ipeon him self the duties thereof, such person shall for felit nld pay a pIenalty or sum not exceeding one uandred pounds in the ease of n Mayor and not exceeditng flfty pounds in tihe case of ns Alderman-'Provided aeliays that no ,[emtler of time Legislative Council nor any person disabled by lunncy or Imboeellity of minld or by deafiess blinducess or other per ImIInient bodlily infllrmity or whlo slall be above the age of sixty-iver shall be liablle to any such ipenalty as aforesaid for refusingi to neccept any such oaice as aforesaid-PIrovided also tlhat iany person who shall lhave already served any suls onice or paid tihe lpentlty fir not acceptinlg ney such ollice witlnil fie yoers from the day on wehich Ito sliall be re. elected to any such ofi1c shall ie exempt from aceepting or serving such office if such person slushl claim such exemption. XXIII. Mnyor and Aldercmen to be dls qialilled and to crase to Ihold ollice ii certain ensrs.-And be it enatctd that if any person hIoldig the ofllce of Mayor or Alderman under this Aet shall apply to take the be noeilt of any Act lnos or hlereafter in force in tids colony fir theh rollofof insolvent debtors, or shall compound by deed with his creditors or being Mayor shall be absent for more than two calendar months or being an Alderman for more than six calendar months at one and thile anme timeo then and in every such case such person shall immoedately become disquallfit d and shall ceas to hold any sueh otilco which shall thoroupon become vacant accordingly and il the case of any such hh scnco any such person shalt ie subject and liable to the same penally or sum as f hc lhad refused to accept any such oice toil teh iche s/mll evce bceea clcated--Provlded always thlat any person becoming so disqualified and ceasing.to hold any such llcoc on account of his having so applied to take tihe benefit of any Act for tie relief of insolvent debtors or of his having so compounded with his credi tors as aforesaid shall on obtaining lis certi ficate of finlt dlsicharge or on p:ayment of hiis debts In full be capable (If othcerwise qualified) of being ro-elected to any such omce and that any person becoming disquali fied and ceasing to hold any such oefiee on acecount of any such absence as aforesaid shall be capable (if otlhorwlso qualified) of being re-elected to any such office. Ask Ban Lomond to resign, the Cataract to cease roaring, the North Esk to shut up, or any imaginable physical or mental phenome non to retiro from nature, and thoro might be some grain of sense in it; but to ask overy Alderman to pay £i50 for thie privilege of retiring, and the Mayor £100, is the culminating point of folly. Why don't they subscribe the £400 if they are sincere and wish to test a point ? Fudge 1 Tihe silly impudence of those who seek to bamboozle the ignorant, and who, after abusing the Aldermon, cooly ask them to "stand and deliver," is a rich joke. If the corporation wore all dis posed to relinquish their offices, there is no one to receive their resignations, and a new election could not take place till next January. Tihe supply of water would cease-street repairs would be at an end-no protection to lifo or property would remain-and the reign of roguery be inaugurated. If they resigned in detail, the year would be at an end, and the municipal funds exhausted in election expenses before a complete change could be effected I Are there any so credulous as to believe that it is anything but cant-humnbug- bosh ? But what have the Mayor and Aldermen done to re. quire their resignation ? Echo an swers, " What ?" Beyond the black guard abuse of some foul tongues, evan escent as soap bubbles, wlat is re corded against the corporation ? No thing-absolutely nothing. There is not even the ghost of a grievance. Every representation has been attended to: no rational memorial or petition has been dismissed without full con sideration. They have spent their time-whicl to tall honest men is money--most disinterestedly in cnden vouring to serve their fellow-citizens. They have attended to street repairs, they hlave provided an admirable po lice, they have introduced water, by which an ample supply to the humbler inhabitants will be secured at a trifling cost, in comparison to whsat they have hitlherto paid,-and tile cou nil are prepared to advance the town to its rightful position. Why should those be insulted who devote their energies, their time, their money, to the promo tion of all that is progressive and beno feal ? A good grievance would be a god-send to persons who, like the modern Greeks, study well before they speak or splutter, so that they may say anything but the truth. They are unworthy of credit; and every hard fisted man who toils for the daily bread of himself and family, however Iumble, should set his face as a flint againlst political profligacy tlhat seeks to impose upon, trade on, and then sacrifice his confidence and the interests of all hIo holds dearest. None except the silly credit exposed falsehoods or would join in asking for what is not only ridicu lous, but impossible. It is easy for any who take the trouble to detect how far designing agitators influence wilful men and where honest delusion begins. The sole object of the disturbers of the public tranquillity is to keep society as a seething caldron, so that tile scum may rise to thle surfiace. Only give them string enough and swing enough and they will hang themselves. A more contemptible, and delusive ferment could not have been made than has been recently witnessed. Even tle mnost ignorant must now perceive they have been betrayed into an act.of egregious fully, iand cease to be tools of those who, by advising violence, will involve thems in severe penalties. The political rogues lack a real grievance, as much as a celebrated captain once wanted a dinner. \Ye tell tile story for the amusement, if ntot instruction, of Mr. "Verdant Green." IIHaving met some friends he itvitcd them to dinner, and asked his servaut if if was ready ? Quite, Sir. Wlhat is theroe ? There's sto soup. Anything else ? There's no sosilnges. What ilore? Thlero's no pratees. Whlat next? There's no visibles-vegetables-so it seems: go on. Thorn's no nothing. Hum I I good negativo dinner. You must borrow. There's no time. Buy. There's no money. Credit. Theore's no tick. Are there no rations ? Yes, Sir : I ate the beef. This is the fare dupes may expect; and those who cozen them will cat the hoof-provided at the expense of the deluded. 