? ' '' LECTURE OF t)R. BROWNSONl.' New York.— Dr. O. A. Brownson delivered a lecture on Tuesday evening, January 12, at the Academy of Music, on the subject of 'Popular Objections to tiie Cathomc Church.' An immense audience was present on the oc casion — perhaps as large as ever assembled in the Academy of Music, every part of the house being densely, crowded. On the stage were Archbishop ITugbes, Bishop McLaughlin, of Brooklyn, Dr. Starrs, Dr. Cummings, Bishop McClosky of Albany, Rev. John Larkin, S.J., Eev. Dr. Pise, ol Brooklyn, Rev. Dr. Driscoll, S.J., Rev. Mr. Martin^ P.P., Rev. Drs. McCarron, Farrell, McEyoy,. Barry, Forbes, McAnerney, A. Don nelly, Everett, Durning, E. O'Reilly of New burgh; McClelland, McCarthy, and Scullen; Her. Messrs.. Graves and Synder, S.X, and. a. large number of the Catholic clergy. The lecturer introduced bis subject by stating that he would, deal with the popular objections urged against the Catholic Church, and among the first, the objection that the church restrained the individuality of man. He was willing to admit that the church restrained that individual ism which was contrary to law and social order, but not tbat. which it recognized, as true in dependence of: character. Man was nof isolated in his individuality ; he was subject to the laws of society, of truth and of God. That objection could be made with more truth; against Pro testantism, for the Protestant view of his indivi duality rendered him servile and cringing to the popular opinion of bis fellows, of bis own sect and his own coterie. In no countries in the world were there more slavery in this respect than ill the two great Protestant countries, England and the United States. Not in all the Catholic countries of the world was more snobbery and flunkeyism to- be found than in these two. It was not the result of national character, but the direct result of the teachings of Protestantism. The Catholic will brave anything rather than bend to wrong; hence the church has its' martyrs, because behind society and individualism there stand truth tind principle. The Catholic feels that be is, supported by the Almighty, and what cares he for popular caprice or popular opinion ? He denied that it was reason or individuality of character which the church restrained, but the abuse of them. The next objection was that the Catholic Church favored superstition, and en couraged superstitious practices. Superstition, he admitted, was bad, but it was not worse than infidelity, nor quite as bad. If he understood what superstition meant, he thought it was expecting effects from inadequate causes — just as if he was to expect an eloquent lecture from the pitcher on the table, they might call him superstitious; but in what were Catholics superstitious? It was true they reverenced the mother of God ; so did every one except very bad men and devils. They revered the images and the relics of the saints ; but only because of their worth, because they had done God's service faithfully, and were now enjoy ing their reward ; but in what manner? they do not ask them or the virgin for anything which God alone can grant — they did not expect effects from inadequate canses. What were called the common people of every nation were superstitious, and none more so than Protestants. He remem bered in his youth listening to ghost stories until the candle seemed to burn blue. (Laughter.) At this day and in this country superstition was rife, in the form of spiritualism or spirit-rapping. Men got their living by conversing with the dead. Talk of the superstition of Catholic countries, but you cannot go anywhere among Protestants with out finding it. Some of them may be clear of it : but it was a fact that almost all the doctors, pro fessors, clergymen, literary men, and, above all, literary women, in the country were spirit rappers. Although Catholics retained, and talked about and embodied in their poetry old superstitions and traditions, as we invoke the heathen goddesses or the muses, they had no faith in them. But it should not be forgotten that not long ago in this country witchcraft was believed, in, and the penal ties of that crime were visited by Protestants on Protestants. In Norway, where Catholicity was not tolerated, the government had lately to send a military force to a certain part of the country to suppress the worship of the heathen god Odin. The next objection to the church was that it de grades the reason, the intellect and human na ture. What was it to degrade human nature ? Was it to allow it all the good it possesses, all the power which belongs to it — to demand from rea son the exercise of all its attributes in its own sphere, but to deny its ability to know that which was above reason, beyond its scope ? That was a simple proposition. Protestantism imposed the greatest degr»dation of all on human nature when it denied it the faculty of free will, so that, according to that doctrine, no man is capable of his own natural powers of doing a good action. This Catholicity does not do. It recognises na ture as having suffered by the fall, but as still ca pable of good. Everything Catholic imparts a high sense of the dignity and worth of man. Another objection which is dwelt upon as the most conclusive of all, is that the Church is unfavorable to civilisation and national prosperity, and the progress of human ity. He did not recognise the doctrine that man was naturally progressive by his own power. No doubt progress was a historical fact, but that pro gress was brought about by- the supernatural aid of God's grace and by his revelations. He would not test any religion by its material prosperity ; for a nation is often prosperous without religion, and in spite of religion. He held that no modern nation surpasses in civilization and natural great ness the great nations of antiquity. We were constantly taunted with the difference between the growth of Protestant and Catholic nations, of England and the United States with that- of Italy, Spain, and South Central America. But these latter countries have all declined, ns it is alleged, because they are Catholic— yet they at tained their greatest height under the Catholic religion. When it was said of Portugal and of Spain, as is now said of England, that the sun never sets on their empires, they were more Catholic than they are to day. If Catholicity be the cause of the decline of Spain, how comes it that she was the mightiest of empires when she was more Catholic than she is now ? This was equally true of Venice, Genoa, and all the Italian republics. In the sixth century there was not a civilised country in the west of Europe, yet in the sixteenth all the nations of Europe were civilised. Their civilisation might not have been as advanced as that of the nineteenth century, but they had stable governments and laws, and this mighty progress took place under the Catholic religion. It should be remembered, too, that Catholicity had to commence this work with barbarians, and to begin it three or four times over, and without any assistance except its own divine spirit and energy. And so it was until Martin Luther, in his audacity, flung his inkstand into the devil's face. (Cheers;)- Protestantism: took possession of what Catholicity built up, and started with it is a capital; yet the progress of Protestant nations was' infinitely slower now than that of Catholic nations when they had no capital. When you owe your civilization to Catholicity, how can you say that it is unfavorable' to civilization ? He would not say there bad been no progress in Pro testant nations, but it was but the development of principles which Catholicity had founded. England boasted of her constitution. Where did she get it? It was sent to her by Pope Adrian, through his; legate, and adopted by the Council there. (Ap plause.) While England has lost much, she has added nothing to civilization but the de velopment of what she has retarded. Point to any tribe, that English or- American Protestants have raised to ' .civilisation. They have done something to -be sure towards it ; but it was only to serve themselves, and that was done by exterminating- the barbarians and taking their place. The lecturer referred' to the early history of this country, and said that though we were civilized people new, yet who were we ? Surely not the lowest reclaimed barbarism. We were from the descendants of Europeans, civilized, not by Protestantism, but by Catholicity. He alluded to the English in India in proof of the way Pro testant p'arsons civilized those barbarians, and said that the howl for revenge on white Sepoys now issuing from the press of England showed that the people of that country had but little Christian civilization. ' With regard to Mexico and Central America, he admitted that the people were in ferior to the people of this country. And why ? Because they were the once barbarous natives civilized ; for, while we exterminated the Indians, Spain: and Portugal christianized them. More than four-fifths of the population of Mexico were descendants of those who were savages when Spain took possession of it. This was the way Catholics civilized a people, while Protestants gave them a few Bibles and tracts, and then exterminated them. (Cheers.) We hear a great deal of talk of ' Americanizing' Central America — that means Yankeeising it. He claimed that the people there, were not as degraded as when the Spanish missionaries found them, and con tended that Catholicity was not unfavourable to civilization. This age, he asserted, was lapsing fearfully into carnal Judaism. That faith was, that the Messiah was to come as a temporal prince, and give his people all the good things of this world ; but. be came as a spiritual prince, and the carnal Jews rejected him, and crucified him between two thieves. The same spirit exists now. The church was not given to pro mote national prosperity; and attempts are made to crush it because it does not make us rich and our eyes stand out with fatness ; because it does not invent steam engines, lightning, telegraphs, or railroads. It does- not make us rich, and we reject it as the carnal Jews rejected Messiah. The Son of God did not die to make us rich in worldly wealth, but in love of charity. The ob jections to the 'church are no longer, religious objections ; these have ceased to be raised, and all other objections will soon vanish. The church has been opposed in all ages and by every nation. Talent, genius, power, have been brought to crush her; yet here she is before us as fresh and beautiful as when she emerged from the catacombs and planted the Cross on the capital of the world. (Applause.) And she will remain through all history ; every weapon will fall powerless against her. She will be the stronger for oppo sition, and every Catholic will cling the closer to her, and love her more in proportion as ? she is opposed. Loud applause followed the close of the lecture, in the midst of which Archbishop Hughes came forward and said : — I do not wish to disturb the pleasant — nay, the triumphant feelings which must be yours after the eloquent discourse you have just heard. I had no intention of making even these remarks, but as there seemed to be a desire that I should speak, I beg leave to express my joy at beholding this great and immense multitude assembled on this auspicious occasion. (Applause.) 