I PASSING EVENTS. I Ox tho evening or Thnrsdiy, tho 18th ultimo, Mr. ITonry Car- michael, M.A., delivered tho usual monthly Lecture, at thc Meohanlo»' Sohnol nf Art«, Wost Maitland. . After a few appropriate introductory observation«, ho proceeded to say :-With the view, then, of turninir our brief Intcconrso thia ovcnine to as profltaMo account a» possible, I pnrposo to olassify n few of ihn mou noticeable events of our time, to estimate their probable influenae on the we il or woo of life, and to draw from this os'lmu'o Inferences likely to aid, within the ciroultof our »ari"d «nhore« of action, in repressing that influence whero adverse, and In strengthening- it whero oondu CITO to the p*rmancnt interests of humanity. At the ou'sct, «'me llttfo rlffflcntty presents U»elf, In »elz ing on the most "nnronrinto hoad« of classification. The event« of overyd.iv Hf., belong prninlscaiitsly to every dop.irtmont po««ihlo within tho fletd nf di«oii«slon. While such depirtment« only merit mention as are at tho same time comprehensivo and excludive- exclusive of irrelevant occurrence, comprehensive of facts gorrrune to our purpose. And, then, after such olns«lfloi tlnn is mad«, thcronlll romain tho task of selection among indi- vidual occurrences ; «p that only thnso events «hull bo noticed and commented on whinh will admit nf being brought limier consi- deration nwflubty, within tho brief space of our evening'« Inter- course. Instantly, on turning tho evo around the panorama of pwlng events, there start promlncnt'y into tho perspective a heterogeneous diversity "f notlrcablo faota,-commanding our at- tention from every point of view,-foots moat significant in their bearing on «notai progress a« well ns in their exhibition of Indivi- dual oharacter. Almost la the. foreground step forward Rarcv tho horse-tamer and his punil (Ihcvcrny, with their unbroken colt«, pointing io tho iio«sibtlity of broakine-ln, it may bo in similar fashion, the re«t|ves of a higher socoles. There U tho fuitnro of the Fitzroy, with the succès- of the Burrendong diggings. Thoro ls I tho rush of tho credulous to tho mero glitter on thc surface, tn contract with tho patience of tho plodder among tho deeper Indi- cations of the mine. Thero is tho railway train on land, puning jauntily and leeringly-as well lt may-at tho moro legitimate and less nimoraek steamer on the river, ns it steors its tray sulkily and with ju«tlfhble indignation, within sight of its upstart and petted competitor. There is tho sombro and serious subaltern of tho Church, seeking In "Nynodlcal action" to benrd bia bishop, yet dubious, tho while, in his unfettered admission of tho lay clement Them ure the «'nfnilntn,! nniiB(.n0« M"" «U.M: own way aspirin* nfter ascendancy in university domination; suggesting, meanwhile, a wholcsomo spirit of renrobation, .in regard to that tinsel, those trappings, that pomp, that pageantry, that useless prodigality, that virtual wnstoof a people's wonlth, with yet onmnarativo inefficiency and fruitlessness irithal ?which nro unfortunately bound up with. all this university hop goliblrmnnt. I pledge my exporioncon» gu»rnn'oo for the worth of tho declaration, that, at far less expense-I wmild soy nt lea» than a tenth of tho past and ourrct outlay involved in tho found- ation and main'onnnoo.of this University arrangement (whioh with nil its pomp and circumstance contemplates butan extremely limited amount of eduiational workmanship, and that workman- ship, ns a whole, of.ejtromely questionable value), an altogether cflVotlve, nnd nt the same time most dignified and Imposing ns wnp ns satisfactory establishment could havnbeen formed,-amply adéquate to m*ct in all time corni nu tho progressive demands of_ tho Australian nation for systomatto and professional education 1 of every (trade, and ombrnoing within it» currlcnlnm of duties definite and abundant prnvision for carrying useful knowledge and thoroughly morai and religious training into every family of tho land. Let. us, howover. go back to our panoramic view. . There nre Mr. Dmnldson and the postal sorvico -the Panama and the Overland routes. The.ro are Mr. Cowper and tho Electoral Bill County Onnrls in embryo and municipalities in motion. There is Sir William Denison, with his engineering statistics, his statistics of agriculture, his " Notes on tho Supply of Animal Food," his , " Network of Railways." There Is Professor Pell, with his " Du Bnat r>am«," nnd his " fl E.D." demonstrations. There is Mr. Gregory, with the drought of tho desert on his Hps. and the sem- blance nf Leichhardts skeleton In the dMnnco. There is Mr. Babbage, amid tho mud of Lake Torrens. Thcro aro Mr. Binney nnd ihe Bl«hnp of Aile'nldo. Thoro is Mr. John Thompson, look- ing for " Dirent Itomtssinn" amoDg tho Uoporta of a Cnmmltteo of the House. There ls B.D. Thomson, with a bagful of sorghum mcoharatum, scattering fifteen varieties of thc Zulu-Knflr Imphce. There ls Mr. Portus, of Morpeth, with his imported machinery. There ls Mr. Parkes, Bitting somowliat disconsolately and 111 at oa«o, on the ruins of the Empire. There is Mr. Drury, preaching the great doctrine of "Laissez nous faire," In tho tjusinces of " Banking and tho Currency." There is Mr. Norton, issuing his Interlocutory deorco sgsinst froe 'trade. Thoro is 8nuth Australia nibbling at tho line of New South Wales on tho west. Thcro is the northern colony, in tho not of sepnralion. Thero aro ail tho colonies together, united in congress. Thus might wo go on the whole evening, enumerating in similar strain additional groups of occurrences, according as they should happen successively to meet oar perception. Beides, in glancing around us, on such an noca etnn ns the present, our eye naturally wanders over' a wider field than is occupied hy occurrences ntriotlv colonial. Thero Is tho world beyond. There ls the onter stage, with its pantomime. Its drnmn. Its tragedy,-lt» Instructivo imagery, its existing actors. There is the Repny rebellion, with Ita havoc, Ita horrors, its hell- ishness, It« heroism-its growth out of the past, Its management for the nrcscnt. Its Influence on the future. There is our porsls tent'penetratlon. as a rutlon, into the very heart of tho Celestial Empire-snito of remonstrance-spite of resistance-from tho ce- lestials themselves-and all under tho protestation of friendship and philanthropy;-to contrast willi our wordy and worldly efforts here, to hinder Chinamen from even sotting foot upon our shores ! There, at Cherbourg, Bro the bristling of tho b tyonots, ' the roaring of tho cannon, tho floating of tho flags, ami alL tho proud p'noDlyof Gallic if not Gothic, warfare,- to oontnst with the peaceful paying ont of the Atlnntic oable-secnrlng, it is to be: hoped fur ever, tho jonotinn-In polltioal, social, and intellectual enterprise-of Great Britain nnd her independent offspring in tho Western world. There, in Africa, oro the labours of Dr. Living store-opening up a new world to tho enterprise of British emi- gration, and evolving, tho while, tho most rational prospect hi- therto hrought to view of uprooting slavery out of tho lubour flcM of civilisation. There, in London, is tho admission of Baron Rothschild into tho British Houso of Commons-betokening one of tho on word triumphs of llbernl- mindedness over thc combined forces of sectarian and poliiical prejadloo. There, too, in the mighty Babel, le the attempt at resuscitation, out of tho tomb of tho Cipulots, of tho ghosts of córtalo blank and spectral notions muttering tales of titled aristocracy such ns might stalk In perpe- tuity over the sheep-walks and cottle-runs of our colony-be- tokening thus fallfaith in tho pssilbllity of lifo in death, and holding out hopes for heraldry beyond the gravo. And there, even, beyond the circuit of this solid earth, is to bc seen that filmy comet-errant effigy pf an embryo world-speeding dimly nwny into distant space, on its mystic mission of cosmogony. Circum- stances of sufficient noto -besido us, about ns, around us, and beyond us-might thus in nbundnnoo be brought nnder rcviow. In Mcminn, mixt intercsttnir facta might bo coiled out or tho ".dentine ?work» or merit in literature and the arts mliKt h« ,",ft1'ub,'»hed. of comment. But the mere parado or a multltuflo oí .ï°_suoJocta camstanaes, how interesting sncrcr, will tend far less to'sflCoGit tial gratification than the selection and elucidation of a few ont of the many. Indeed, among the multitude of noticeable events that haye been hero brought forward, promiscuously, according as they have happened to present themselves for mention, there is not a single fact specified that 1* Dot flited, of itself, to sutrgest sentiment and to admit of Illustration, ample enough for an evenlng'a lecture. It so happens that I have begun with par- ticulars ; - whereas heads of classification ought to have been fixed on, in the first instance ;-so as to allow of facta, such ns should appear distinctly available, being commented on in tho order of their classification. This Salmagundi sort of display, on my part, I can find excuse for only by confessing it to bo the consequence of hasty aggregation. It is the necessary result of circumstances which have placed it beyond my power tn fulfil my engagement to your committee for thia evening, otherwise than as I now do, Thc whole of the fact«, that have been already adduced in detail, will admit ot being nlaasifled aa appertaining,-lstly, to Govern- ment, civil or ecclesiastical ; 2nd y, to economy, politiclal or social : Srdly, to education ; 4thly, to individual character. And glad shall I be if, in assigning them position in tbis "calaloauc raüonnS," I eball succeed, during our present Intorciturso. to tarn the most prominent of them to account, for our mutuat edifi- cation. I dare hardly, however, contemplate methodical ad- herence to the arrangement thus sketched- far lesa logical com- pleteness in my observations as a whole. Indeed, it grieves me mueh to have it to confess, that with so copious and rich a mass of materials hero at my disposal, circumstances, notwithstanding, deprive me of thc power to weave them into a wob of sufficient usefulness and durability. To carry out tho simile-the warp and the woof are hero in abundance, the stuff is of good quality, and I may cveu venture to say that tbe loom is ia food working order; bat the shuttle, would reqatro to bo under the play of a galvanla battery,-inasmuch na time ls absolutely necessary for the interweavment of tho fabric. After such a preamble, then, I feel authorised to begin with mattara nearent at hand. Herc yon nave thc railway train bustling in among you, morning and evening, breathlessly punting for ex- tended employment, and calling on the up-country to pour down its products. Here are tho manifest advantages of speedy transit for passengers and goods-with all tho off-hand activity neces- sarily generated. Thcro it it-tho. railway from Nowcastlo to Maitland-un fait accompli, as the French have lt-a stubborn fact. Pity it ia that any auch noble accomplishment should bear on ita front the brand of questimablo value t Yet so it is. This railway pervades a district comparatively worthless. But what is moat to be deplored, lt necessarily competes with the carriage tramo of the river; and, in so doing, interferes seriously with the facilities of transit throughout aa extensivo range of more eligible country. Nevertheless, were lt lesa expensive, on tbe whole, to maintninthe junction between Maitland and Nowcastlo by rail than by river, then, of courte, it would bo legitimate that tho rail be maintained. Now this is the point which the people of tho river-rango duitiicU have to watch. They have a right, aa con- tributors to tho maintenance of railway traffic, to object to tho lowering of fares per rall, nnleaa » corresponding effect can be legitimately produced on tho rates of rivor carriage from their respective localities. For thia would Involve the prinoiple of legi- timate competition. It ia evident, however, that there ls a diffi- culty, ander existing circumstances, in ascertaining- how far such an effect can result legitimately from the causo alluded to. In fact, in any contest between the rail and the river, legitimate compe- tition ls out of the question, In as much aa the rivalry is that be- tween a limited and a comparatively unlimited capital. Thc river trifilo thus works at a sei lous disadvantage ; and the river carriers , have» right to arrange their fares in what way soever they And most likely to enable them to ovorcomc thia disadvantage. The proper judge« of their wisdom, ia measures so taken, arc them- selves. In thiarespeet, th* general publiobare norighttoqucstlon the legitimacy of their proceedings. The case is otherwise with the rail, however. The rail, it so happens, is public property ; so that, in the case of railroad management, ¡LB being a branch of tho ( public service, thc public have the right to be acquainted with ita i entire details. The public may, therefore, be presumed to know, ! at all times, tho state ot the debtor and creditor account in any given case of railway management. Now, as a matter of common sense, you will all accord to the correctness of tho principle, that any buniaess, to be worth prosecution, must pay. The proper teat of tenableness, ia reference to any branch of business, is, that it will pay. Advantages of various sorts may be brought forward to Induce an individual to embark lu a certain given lino of business. But, whatever be the nature of the collateral advantages adduced, unies* these advantages be clearly made out to be at least equiva- lent to the known disceprancles of the case, he will never bc ex- pected to embark in sn enterprise which be believes to be unpro- fitable. Judging, therefore, matters of publie by matters of private economy, it may not, I think, be found obstructive of proper pro- gress-in tho midst of the gala-day intoxication of railroad net spreading-to urge cn the people, out of whose industry must come ultimately the ci et of tho whole, the wisdom and importance of soling, from the b pinning, on tho sound principio of insisting that no Une shall constitute a thread ia this network, unless lt shall clearly prove I self to bo at least self-supporting. By this test must all railways ultimately stand or fall. No daubt, thero are indirect benefits of a most important character, to be entered on th« eredi'or side of the account, which may bo held of sufficient weight tob -l'ince even a flagrant amount of deficiency in the current returns. Nevertheless, the accuracy of the test will bear scrutiny. As the indirect benefits of railway traction are chiefly of a local oharaoter, it is legitimate for the general population,-the bulk of whom ara placed at a disadvantage by the cvolvment of these very benefits,-and in proportion to their magnitude, too, to insist that every line of railroad under the supervision of Government, shall be so managed aa to be self-supporting. If it cannot be BO man- aged, it involves a public loss. And to say that, notwithstanding this loss, the railway confers a manifest blessing on the circum- jacent distrlots, is merely to affirm that all other districts lu the colony are taxed for the sake of conferring this partial blessing. In the particular case of this railway from Newcastle, lt does seem a sad economical error for the Government ever to have had any thing to do with it at all. So grievous does this error seem, that I am inclined to esteem it at the present moment, problematical, whether it might not ultimately be for the publio benefit to abandon the lino altogether ; and I believe, moreover, that the alternative will appear less questionable, after the extension of tho Hue into the Interior. There can be little doubt that tho construction of a railway from morpeth to Maitland, on a line of road which engin cering skill would find it comparatively inexpensive to construct, would have been at least of equal service to tbe whole of the in- terior beyond; whilst tba appropriation of half the surplus ex ? pcuditure of th« New*a*Ue over the cost of the Morpeth line, ta dcoponing, whore neoessorv, and rendering thoroughly navigable, tho entire ohannol of tho Uiver Hunter, wonld havo enhanced Im- mediately.-and miro so in p'roapoct and perpetuity,-the indus- trial o pnbllitiea of tho wholo district ranges of its ana branches. In Consideration or tho extensivo interests therein concerned, therefore, Government may yet bo induced to join Morpeth and Maitlnnd by rall ; nnd, moreover, to take a lesson from tho statistics of tho Clyde in nid of its efforts to deal fairly with tho Hunter. At all event«, it would seem to be tho duty, ns well as the intered, of tho districts oonocrnod, to be importunate In their ap- plications to Government for immediato ait and agenoy, in tho accomplishment of iiims-locally so legitimate, nationally so creditable, economically so probably profitable.. In stopping from the railway oarriage, I ohanco to encounter our old and most re- spected fcllo JV-coloni«t, Hr. Norton, with his interlocutory docu- ment agninst Free-Trade in his hand. I regret to soe Mr. Norton thus " spending his strength for nought, and in vain, and his labour for that which proiltoth not." Much is it to be regrottod. moro especially for tho sake of tho vouthful thinkers ot tho colony, that colonists of respectability should be found thus, with apparent zeal and honesty, busied In the propagation nf a faith long ago exploded, hecauso untenable in logie and falso in faot. Oui cannot feel high reverenco for tho oharae'er of our country's Legislatura, when ho finds its senators of mark upholding tho eoonomicnl optimism or indefensible dog- ma«. Were a conscientious barber to expatiate on tho pleasures experienced by him in preparing powdered periwigs for profes- sional »lenders nt the bar, wn could understand tho good sense of his satisfaction, in tho faot of his fingering, and that rightfully, a proper per ccntngo of tho fees which fall to the share of tho wlg woavcr's ronu'ed wisdom. But supposing this same conscientloas tradesman should stick to tho pleasures of his profession so per- sistently ,ns to continue the perpetration of poriwies-after the reunite generalis of somo sen-dblo Judge, like Lord Jeffrey, had bnni-hed such emblems of wisdom for ever from tho courts-and supposing him, on thus finding his occupation cone, to put in scrlou«ly tho plea of protection for hi« trade, out of tho Chancellor's budget, what ought then to bo done! Would Mr. Norton, in snob a oise, bo truo to his principle«, and vote for protection to thc practice of periwigism J or wonld he, perohanco, wish to place tho perlwlg-mskor on tho pension list T -lu this latter oaso, to be sure, what might bo urged in support of Mr. Norton's sagacity as a legislator is tho fact that tho claims of tho harbor for public sun port would in this ease bo fully ns legitimate ns any 'hat can bo sot up in tho case of others of mightier pretensions whose names aro to bo found nt present on that honorable roll. I am woll aware that -such observations ns these aro by no means demonstrative of tho errors of a protective policy. Such a demonstration, howover, is happily no>v-a-day.« altogethor unnecessary, nt least with mon of economical status "or disinterested exocrienoe. Tho battle of Free Trndo has been regularly fought and thoroughly won. To fight lt over ngain would bo waste of time, unless, indeed, on the thentro of elementary tuition. It is ono of thoso grand social problems that has nt length been sot at rest for over, aliko on the authority of the strictest loaio and by tho practical proofs of inter- national statistics. Ho who at thc present day has reached the manhood of his mind, without entertaining firm convictions as to tho uncial and political value of the nrinoiple of Freo Trade, ha« yot his economical Euolld to learn. IIo would, therefore, find his advantage in this department by a return to thc school-room. Though hithorto, like our late talented Attornoy-Gcnoral, ho moy ' even linvo walked admiringly in ,compiny with Mr. Sergeant Bvles, I have little doubt that ho would seo renson for qualifying his admiration woro ho closeted for a season in closo converso with Vcrronet Thompson or John Stewart Mill. These remarks on tho subject of Hreo Trade introduce ILC, I find most naturally, to ono of our colonial functionaries, higher in legal status than Mr. Nor ton. Once on a time, in years gonoby, it fell to my fortuno (or it may have been colonially to my'mii/brYune) to bring up his Honor Judge Thcrry before the bar of public opinion, for transgressing egregiously on this subject, In tho utterance of much economical nonsense under thc name of Reciprocity, during what. I bndovc, was his maiden tour in electioneering courtship nt Wollongong. How delighted nm I, this evening, in hnvlng the opportunity on tho present occasion of holding up to publio approval the part which his Honor has Moly taken In tho proceedings connected with Dr. Blnnd's testimonial! Mr. Thcrry possesses, in large measure, tho warm-heartedness of his countrymen. Hisrevercnce for superior worth would seem innate, and assuredly thia propen- sity on the part of Mr. Therry to accord honour to tho merita of his contemporaries marks him out as himself worthy of ali honour. It was, no doubt, under the promptings of this propensity that Mr. Thcrry in carly life became tho blogropher of thecolebrated Mr. Canning. And In these latter times, without adducing other facts, or desoendln* further into particulars, it is amply sufficient to rniso Mr. Therry high in social estimation,-to bring into pro- minent viow tho fact, that the memories of such men as Judgo Forbes and Slr Riohard Bourke, and tho living services of such men ns Mr. Wentworth and Dr. Bland, are inseparably associated with his spontaneous and disinterested efforts, to scatter unbo grudgingly well-merited and appropriate honours among contem- porary worthies. My notice thus of Judge Therry, howover, is wholly occidental. It was only in connection with Dr. Blnnd's testimonial that bis Honor carno forward. Dr. Blnnd is the main figure in the picture. Thero ho stands, with tho Manching of mnny a winter on his head, yet still with that pcrfervidttm in gmium of soul which the least phlegmatic of Scotchmen might be proud to possess. Of all colonists now alive, Dr. Bland morita most richly tho reverential gratitude of every son and daughtor of the Australian nation. During many a long year, under cir- cumstances of sad hopelessness and sickness of heart,-when thc " insolence of office" in this colony, united with the pridoof low- born caste, and tho ignob'o buffoonery of family exclusiveness, in trampling needlessly, recklessly, cruelly-where an enlightened philanthropy might have tempered justics with discriminative mercy, nnd a still more enlightened Christianity might have practised as well nfl preached the heavenly lessons of brotherly kindness and oharity, and thus have aided tho aims of philan- thropists in the mother country, in rendering New South Wales the successful experimmtum crucisot tho most enlightened system possible of secondary punishments,-Dr. Bland, through good re- port and through bad report, advocated unflinchingly, ably, In- tellectually, the indefeasible rights of his fellowmen, the high and endurlHg interests of humanity ; and necessarily, out of these, the advancement of Australia into one of tho most interesting and ex- emplary In tho brotherhood of nations. The migratory, as well aB tho Immigratory character of our people, renders it probablo that few, in the present meeting, know much of the naturo of Dr. Bland's proceedings es » politician. It may not therefore be taken amiss by you that I give you a specimen of Dr. Bland's advooaoy of our political interests upwards ef ten years ago. The follow- ing is a quotation of the language in which Dr. Bland addressed tho authorities hero and in Great Britain-long before the advent of Responsible Government. *' Let the parent country turn its at- tention to these business matters (that ia to matters of statistics which ho had passed under review), and no longer weary and alarm tho colonists by uncalled for innovations in thc form of their Government, nnd »v conflicaiions of lands hold in trust bv the Lrown, bat thc indubitable property or present and future gene ratioaij of tho British surplus population and our colonial people. Let them no longer deem the feelings of their colönUraubJccta un- worthy of consideration, or imagine that their social or political privilèges aro less dear to them, than are tho privileges of tho devoloped In this paper (that waa a paper written by Dr. Bland aa a critique on " The Report of the Select Committee of thc former 'Legislativo Council on the Waste Landa of the Colony') let them at tho same time be prepared to grant to the oolonièa the freest possible political institutions, without ono taint or stain of feudal barbarism, calculated not merely to meet, but, if possible, to anticipate the growing enlightenment of the age; and thus, not merely oreato, but attach ta our parent country, a new ompire-a vast addition, but yet an integral part of herself, secured to her not merely by the ties of language and of blood, but tho infinitely stronger bands of gratitude and self interest.'' In the great matter of education, too, Dr. Bland 'BU- been all along a conspicuous promoter of the best interests of ibe'eolonist. On this head, it is enough to say that Dr. Bland waa the mainstay of the Sydney College. More than all, howover, Dr. Bland, to the extent of his ability and opportunities, has been the friend of the friendless, the physician of the forsaken sick, the liberal but unostentatious assistant of the poor and destitute. All honour, therefore, to his Säst career as a colonist and a citizen 1 No memorial hos ever cen offered by a grateful peoplo to a compatriot worthy of en- during veneration, more creditable to the donors, or moro merited i by tho recipient, than the testimonial lately presented to Dr. Bland. Slightly altered In a few words, I think tho following quota- tions fromSwift'n "Excellent Now Song" upon his Graoo of Dublin, will meet with your approbation, as remarkably applicable to Dr. Bland : " I sing not Dr. Douglas*' praise, nor yet of William Charles, But of a Surgeon-Bland,-though brave, among bia oountry'e quarrels, . . Good v* illiam Bland, of Sydney town, 'tis he that first appears, Whose wisdom and aotivity do far exceed his years : In every counoll and debate he stands for what ls right, And still tho truth he will maintain, whate'er he lose« by't ; And though some think him in the wrong , yet atilt there comes a season When every one turns round about, and owns his speech had reason. His firmness in tho publio good, as one that knows it swore, nas lost his purse, for ten years post, ten thousand pounds and more. Then como tho poor, and strip him so, they leave him not a pill, . For ho regards ten thousand pounds no more than Wentworth's Bill. To beg hts favour is the way aow favours still to win j Ile thinks no more to give ten pounds than I to give a pin. Thea God preserve good William Bland, and make him live aa long As did Methusalah of old, and so I end my song." With heartfelt appreciation of the superlative merita of Dr. Bland, I gladly take the present opportunity of publicly adding this my mite nf subscription, to enhance, if possible, the value of a nation's grateful gift. Sincerely do I subscribe to the appropriate motto Palmam qui meruit ferat. And I feel assured, in doing so, of carrying with me your entire and hearty approbation. Dr. Bland ean hardly be in tho mind, without como sort of association with Mr. Wentworth. Mr. Wentworth comea forward in association with his Constitution Bill ; and the Constitution Bill brings up Mr. Cowper and the multiform dobates in Parliament on the variouB clau-cs of his Electoral Bill. With politics, as a party question, I have no desire to intermeddle. Nor, rightfully, would your regulations allow me, if I bad. On this topic, however, I feel myself within the limita of legitimate observation, when I venture tho remark-that, In my opinion, lt would be of far moro consequence to tlx tho requisito qualifications of a member, than to battle about tho propriety of limiting tho franchise. It acema abundantly obvious, that, if tho minimum amount of fitness for the honour of membership be dearly fixed by Statute (and why should it not?), it really matters not what may be the status or character of the elector;-inasmuch as, in voting for a candldnte of ascertained fitness, he never Can go wrong. Having, thus cur- sorily, the attention called to matters of civil Government, we aro naturally thenco lcd to Government ecclesiastical-in other word» to thc question of "Synodioal Action." And here, again, we are in the neighbourhood of tabooed ground. I will be careful of transgression. Tho question of Church Government ia not a quostfon of doctrine at all ; and needs not, therefore, in its discus- sion, trench on matters heretical. Schism is, certainly, involved I in the discussion, but not heresy. Churchmen are notoriously | tcnaoious of their status, and olaim for their canons in oounoil assembled, thc sanction of Divine authority. Now, the whole gist of the matter lies in allowing or denying tho validity of this claim. Komonlsm allows, Protestantism denies it« validity. Hence, ia the Roman Church, thero can be na schism properly so called. In thc Protestant there may be, and accordingly ls, schism infinite, according to circumstances. Any Protestant church as euch, involves la its constitution tho right of the people to have a voice in its government. Tho extent of this right must be determined bp circumstances; by territorial position, for instance, hythe sense of thc age-the enlightenment of the times- the judgment of tho majority, in short. To be guided in thia matter by the 1 usages of past time may be advisable or highly expedient ; but to appeal to euch usages os imperative authority is wrong in prin- ciple ; inasmuch as the authority thus appealed to had, on Protes- tant principles, its only Banction in the vox populi of the period, 'and thc vox populi of tho present time-aa applicable to matters of church government ls equally vox Del with any given canon of antecedent observance. Naturally, in connection with this sub- ject como forward the Rev. Mr. Binney and the Bishop of Ade- laide. On the part of the bishop there seems to have been tho wish, in thc first instance, to shake hands with Mr. Binney as a fellow Christian ; but through the touch-me-not requirements of canonical etiquette, the hand, ofter being half-stretoW out, wao withdrawn, and the hom of the sacerdotal sleeve thus saved from defilement ! I cannot suffer myself to look at this Incident with tho eyes of an ecclesiastic at all. Tba proceeding was a gross and flagrant insult to a distinguished stranger. Here is ono of the world's celebrities-a man stamped with tho signet of heaven aa one of " Nature's nobility," whoso profes- sional talents aro of the highest order, and whose praise, to ute the appropriate language or Borlpture, "ia in all the Churches," -encountered here, among the mongrel* of thia land, by that principle of avoidance which ls involved in the maintenance of oaate, and denied the liberty of preaching; in a colonial pulpit ! Grand exhibition thia of clerical prudery I most richly meriting, wherever known, the contempt and seora of respectable Ute, and demanding for its reotlflot "ton the vigorous Interposition of the lay element. Whi that hw ' ever set himself in ?obermlndedness to trace connections among t ho seeming indubitable contingencies of life oan hnvo failed to dist 'ovor proofs of a moral government altogether unguided by humi n wisdom; and tb which the stying» and doings of mon of ovary (¡rrnde, nil alike unconsciously, ara mndo to minister in ' palpable s ubservtence t TJndcr impressions heneo derived, it seems to nu likely that this apparently unim- portant ocoarrenco at Adelaide rt'ly bo linked, as eff.'otive antece- dent, to some wholesome limitations of Eoiscopal power In these colonies, and it may bo to tho authoritative stmotion of th» laity in all matters canon! lal. To tho correctness or propriety of such sort of inference, however, I maw expect many to demur. I shall, therefore, pursue tho subject no further. Permit me simply to draw attention to tho essential littleness of mind implied in bickerings about moro worldly honouru-about dignities tenpnral and temporary-among men who ohurge the-nsclves with tho eternal Interests of their fellows. Even tho highest dignitary of tho Church is likely to find his influence groutcst, and his suoo riorlty least called in question, when ho becomes conscientiously absorbed In the discharge of his purely spiritual duties, and leaves temporalities entirely to tho unshackled management of his people. Certainly, in having brought Mr. Binney forwar.d, I should have felt gratified in drawing profit from an endeavour to form, more at length, au estimate of his oharaotcr as a preaoher and moralist. I have heard him preach, and I have re id his works. In consequence, I feel little hesitation in ranking him high among those worthies of our ago whose influoncn, fir good, on tho progress of society, will grow with tho growth of time, and extend appreciably throughout future generations Another matter I should have liked to descant uoon-The Electric Telegraph- but time now precludes moro than tho merest allusion to it. For the moment does it seen strange that this mighty fact -the connection of Great Britain and America by tho telegraph oable-should not hnvo attracted our attention, when we were busy with the railway train. It does so now ; and surely if aught bi! calculated to cheer us on to higher hopes of human progress - if anything can lead us to anticipate tho realisation of our fondest dreams of tho continued advancement and perfectibility of the humnn family-it is tho establishment of tho fact, that thought is transmissible on the Hghtnlng's flash ; ond that in very truth mind may have instantaneous communication with kindred mind throughout the entire circumference of the globe. ST "thing amidst all tho talcs of fairy fancifulness or visionary extravagance nothing amidst tho wltohery and wizzardlsm of wondrous and mystic love-over reaohed tho idea of so transcendent a consum- mation. In tho signal triumph now thus achloved over the impossibilities of tho past, I can almost venturo to indulge in tho «ort of Munchausen hope that tho era may yet be a human period, when electric intercourse shall bo established throughout tho planetary system. Thus, notwithstanding my methodical prelude, I have Bpoken on, till I find now no time for methodising a moral out of tho matter I have spoken-although, to gather considerations specially instructive in their bearing on moral and social advancement, was, I freely admit, the main f ticipation with mo, in tho prospect of my appearing before you this evening as n public lecturer. At the commencement, I felt that I should have little time for loginal composition, and I hence contemplated tho alternativo of flinging myself on your Indul- gence in a coarse of conversational rem irks. At tho samo time, having had little practico in public speaking, I naturally feared thc effect en my trains of thought of circumstances far which I might bo utterly unprepared. Still I was prone to gather grounds for Justifying th"< experiment. Extemporo composition moy be expected to come glowing from tho heart. Where tho mind is full of it» suhject, the matter of mero composition, as well as tho facility of utterance, may bo left to tho requirements of tho moment. Tho timo wasted in selection of phrases and poising of periods, whion may bo considered ns constituting tho mero trap- pings of thought, oan always bo moro profitably employed In gathering and grouping tho naked thoughts themselves. It. may suit certain temperaments to listen with delight to tho mere eunhony of diction ; but sub ! stance, not sound - sentiment, not nong - is tho proper aliment of intellect. I had prepared myself, therefore, to Bolicit your sympathies this evening, while reduced to the shift of maning a virtuo of necessity. I wa» prepared to ourry favour at yonr hands, on the score of inexperience as a public speaker and habitual rcoluseness as a student, in case you might otherwise judge mo a raero retailer of shreds and patohos-if not find mo a wholeaalo dealer ia platitudes.' Nevertheless I resolved not to be wanting in honest attempts with my pen, to tho extent of my abilities-and the faot is, that, once begun to writo, I have nlmost entirely cúrrenle cálamo-continued to acribólo on as long ns my time will allow, and, I fear, longer than your patlenoe will bc inclined to tolerate. 