ANNIVERSARY MEETING OF THE WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The Anniversary meeting of the above So ciety took place on Monday last, when the Wesleyan Chapel in William-street was filled with a very largeo assemblage. On the platform we observed the Revds. H. H. Gaud, W. Hessell J. B. Laughton, W. Cornow, T. Angwin, Messrs. Tom, Parker, and Carvosso. After singing and an introductory prayer by the Rev. Mr. Hesssell. Mr.Tom was called to the chair. Mr. Tom having expressed his regret that a more able individual had not been selected to fill the post of Chairman, briefly rccounted the history of tho Society, etatin'g Hint in 1814, pre vious to tha death of Dr. Coke, tha nicru rudi mints of tho present flourishing Society existed, and comprised, but a vary fo.v individuals. When Dr. Coko died, then arose tho question, hoiy.b.vjt to supply the. los.i of one who had thj .entire inaHagomont of all tho missions in his han&, unit a,, general raovomont was made 'amongit jletliodists, subscriptions being doubled throughout England. He (Air. Tom) was then a member of tha G-enaral Committee, and hud over since felt tha most vivid interest in thoir prooA'dings. About ton months ngo it hud oc curred toliimwlicn In saw how much had been dona at home for the Missions, that a large res ponsibility had devolved upon the monibarn of tho Church in these Colonies, and ho felt that they had done more', in tho way of building chapels and providing ministers tor themselves, than for furnishing funds for missions abroad. Dr. Livingstone's travels had given a fresh im pulse to such exertions, and he thought' that the members of thu church Bhould rather deduct from their, home expenses and expend greater sum) upon the foreign missions, never desisting from their efforts until-allthe islands of the South Suns should bs evangelised. Tlio Chairman concluded his remarks by calling upon tha Secretary to read tho report, Tho Kev. T. Angwin then read tho roport, of which our space will only allow ths following brief abstract. '.''' ; .. ... '»?-- HEP0RT. , The Committee of the Uathuivjt Branch of tho Australian - Wosloyan Missionary Society in presenting their Annual 'Report, have to record favourably of tho state of the Missions. The Society's finances have 'engaged the terious attention of tho Executive Committee j contributions nro increasing but tho Into period of Ih o various Anniversaries involves the Society in difficulty and expense. The statement in the Missionary notices shews' on' the 30th of Juno an excess of expenditure over income of £3870 11* 7d — on the 30ih of Sbptember of £5069 10s. 9d. and a similar balance agiinst the So ciety in Decembor. ?' Were not tho Members of the Exeautn o to brepmo personally liable for theso largo ndvancos, the b'lsinussof tho Society could not proceed, and nla^go amount lias to bo pail for int^cst of overdrawn neeoun's. Tho Commit teo urgo early application to th-j sub scribers and early remittances. Tho total expenditure of the Society list year w.is £12,953 6i. 3d., the net receipts 'from tlio Colonies and Missions. ' ' Districfs including £]59t 18s. Native1 con tributionRin oil £9,332 8j. -The balance to bs paid by the Committee in London is £3,620 1R« Brt- ???';*?? Onp gentleman who had been successful - in busin'esJ'gavo £100 as a donation. During, tha post yen*1 flvo Missionaries have, hod' to leave tha field and two new. Missionaries havo been cent to tho Friendly and Feejeo Islands. In Now Zealand the work is still .struggling with difficulties, but they aro such as necessarily arise out of the transition of a people from bar barism to civilization. . Tho Native Institution for tho training of Teachers and Assistant Missionaries ha9 been commenced ; ten houses had been erected when the Mission vessel left. Thero is an increase in (lit! district this year of 1591 members, 9630 scholars and 14,029 at- , tendants on public Worship. The School Reports show, not merely an in crease of scholars, but great improvement in the pupils. ? ?.-;,?? Tho following is a general Summary of the various Stations occupied by tho Society : ? -,\ Number of Chapels ? i; .,-397 Number of other Preaching places ? . i888 Missionaries nnd Assistant Missionaries - ??:'.. including supernumeraries.. ? 'T '.B5 Catcchists ? 215 Day-school Teachers ? ..;....-. 1564 Sunday-school Teachers ? ;;.......... .428 Local Preachom ? , ? ;:.,... ' 1028 Class Lenders ? ;.....'.. ? '17(5 Full and accredited Church Members..; 15,136 On trial for Membership ? ...: ? ? ? 8,222 Subbnth School* ? .'..'....:....... 108 SabliBth Scholars ? ;.:.... ? „.. '10,410 Way Schools ? 572 Day Scholars ? 28,369 rota! number of Scholars under instruc tion ? 31,791 Attendants on Publio Worship ? 80,635 Printing Establishments ? 2 Tho Rfrvd. W. Cubnow then rose, and having prefaced his speech by the remark that few documents ware more unpopular, and yet moro essential than report*, proceeded to read the first rssolutipa — ' 'That tha Iteport no- made bo adopted i'and that this inoetinif'conniJtirf .tli'iUhe mccem wliich continues to . attend 'the A'ustralasun'Wi-iilsyan MisUonarv Sochtty h the' Friendly 'nnd Fecjte Mauds, calls for Ki.'til»'!B to'AlmMity God, wii|iout whoie sanction -and blessing tlio Wisest Mrruiiueiiiwit* and iho most zealous eudtavours vr.illUl l:o alto^Kthcr vniii.' . . ' - ' Tha rovorend speaker then sold — I think, Mr. Chairman and Chrutian friends, that fjiv of us will dispute that sonic men have claims on the sympathy and liberality of their' fellows.' Ours is a very, kind nnd considerate ago; it duly appreciates merit and promptly nt tends to suffering. .A little while oyo tha heart of Britain responded nobly to un appeal in behalf of tlio Crimean BiillcrorA ; more llm.'i n million and a half wero laid upon tho altar of charity ; again, an expression of nal ional sympathy is now being being made on behalf of our gallant countryman in India. Even now, the columns in our papers aro filled with ntiinra and sains, mid crowds assemble to testimonialize the meri torious mid relievo tho distressed, and I nm con fklcnt that the man docs not exist, who would raise a dissentient voice, or remove one stono from the.'C monuments of a nation's benevolence. Wo have not been unmindful us.u nation of this duty in its other nspects, and wider bearings. If wo have taken cogniz*nca of physical suffer ings and wretchedness, wo lmvo dono to like wise with spiritual destitution and woe. If wo have promoted commerce and science, we have also countenanced tho Bible and Christianity. If poets, philosophers and heroes have received our earnest eulogiums, we have not forgotten tho Missionary to tho heathen, and our national glory is our Christian philanthropy { Christian, because based on Gospel foundutiunVaiul bathed in a Gospel fountain, mid us long as such a philanthropy is incorporated with the national constitutional principles of Britain, it will give lu-tre.to her crown, majesty to her- throne, and distinction to her far-famed sons. Every item in tho heart of charily is not merely n recog nition of the fact, but a teacher of tho truth that mankind is ono great vholo ; that every individual is ii link in the great chain of being. and every pang which wrings tho heart of a sufl'eivr is an eloquent appeal to tho remotest m.-mber of his «»ccic». Subscribe to this, and this is nil that is claimed by tho mission cause. Tlio first thing claimed by an intelli gent philanthropist, as a condition of liw benevolence, is a well-authenticated cise. Indifference to this will expose a man to tho charge of extravagance and folly. I th:nlt, Sir, this case has been made out long ago, and a very painful one it is, and too well authenticated. Is it not one of tho striking characteristics of our times that men are getting good enough to acknowledge this? Murder, infanticide, and suicide, with all tho harrowing spectacles nnd sanguinary deeds which accompany them, nro not now regarded as the groundless tales of designing men, and heathen depravity is not now considered a theme for tho dreamy enthu siast with more heart than head. Time was when Christian missionaries went forth to tlio 1-ind of thoir duties wilh their lives in jeopacdv, now our men of Commerco hail their pas3a?o, nnd speed them on their way. Time nn when it wna the fashion togrncoovonthohighostslylo of literaturo by witty lampoons on tho unsophis ticated men sent forth to regenerate tho. world. Now wo have a missionary literature instead, and if not nn ornate, at least a useful one. Timo was when Governments lookod with suspicion on those who vindicated the claims of religion, now thoy hail its co-operation, and find that the principles of our heaven-born Christianity, nre those wh'oh give solidity to states, nnd happiness to oil mankind. Aforetime our missionary principles und institutions wero looked upon as requiring vindication j thank God, this is now un leeessnry s tho direct nnd indirect notion of mission -r.v labour lias been most' satisfactorily vinditato.l. Wo know, Sir. that this is a coo'd cause, adirinc,aphilanthropiccausc; 'our hearts are inditing a ^ood matter,' we lmvo ground therefor.) to echo tho MiireJoninn cry, ' Come over and lulu us.' It is a line featuro in tho working of things that if therj aro necessities, ther j aru likewise resou c:s. It is udmirablo how foomingljT incongruous thingi work together and so. vj each other in tho natural world, and this is not more obHirrablo in the world of nature than in that of society. Cases and causes call for m?ans, nnd men must havo tlieir ngints: We hive tho mains, wo luck their propjr usj. Christendom holds tho power of ll.'at!:e:idom's regeneration, and tho hopes of tho. wo Id, tho amelioration of ? our fallen humanity, aro suspended on tho uso of that power. Let tho Church display her banner in ?the namS of.hor.King. ? Let her go forth in tho name of Him who h ith said, ',' I. nm . with you always.'.; Let her litten to the appeal from the firmament, 'Awake, nwalce, put on thy strength, O Zion.' We complained of our numbers, but number is not power. Are not some of the great events mentioned in history chronicled to the memory of a few ? A few went forth in tho days of yore, and before them fled tho sensualism of voluptuous Corinth, the scepticism of the philosophic Greek, the. sel fishness of tho narrow-minded Jew, and tho superstition of tho dreamy Pagan. A few might have been seen scaling a rugged height, raising tho ensign 'of liberty on its topmost summit, and carrying off tho battle of the Alma. Talk to me of poverty ! Why, there is no such thing amongst us-, have we no power to offer, no influence to employ, no talents to exert, no time with good management, to dedicate to the Lord ? Man is a great being, his possessions are magnificent ; just look at tho one item of human influence There is a fearful significance in every action of our life. We cannot move with out touching tho mystic string which connects us with tho universe, and every touch will send its vibrations along the arches of a boundless future. Tho conversation, the example, and pursuits of every man fall like pebbles on a placid lake,; creating a series of ever widening circles over tho whole expanse. We cannot wonder at man's fearful respon sibility, since God has showered down blessing's upan him in such cndlefs profusion, nor can wo talk of weakness,. unless it be the weakness of genuino humanity. ' We hold the Gospel, and that Goi-pol is tlio power of God ; wo trust in n Saviour, and that- Saviour is Almighty. .Wo have the power, and yit 'power is the thing wo want— the power that Elijah had when on Camlet's brow he confronted nnd confounded the heathens of his .country— tho power of John tho Baptist, whose, .voice b'oko the moral slumbers of judea, nnd whoso life in a vacillating time was as fir.n as ? the everlasting hills which threw their shadows over tho rolliner Jordan.— wo want tho power of Martin Luther before the mnjeaty of whose mighty soul all Europo stood in awe,— the power of tho Crst Apostles whoso, unsophisticated piety and indomitable zeal bent tho proud spirit of their country nuder the foot of the Cross — the power of tho Wesleys and Whitflelds, who in tones of love and thunder, and in tears of unutterable emotion, endured and melted a godless age, and raised a fabric which is rising yet, ind will rise until time shall cease to be. The fault of the Church is, that she lacks soul ; a thing without a heart is the Church. Oh ! for a power of spiritual in fluenco to descend on our homo and foreign Church such as our Fathers have told us of ! Oh ! for tho Holy Ghost, tho Pentecostal shower, sent in the days of Grace. We languish for their descent ; thank God, they will return. Christ is the High Priest of good things to come, and they will come. It is evident we have n good cause, and wo have thu means to aid it, hence thero is an appeal to our sympathy, for our liberality nnd zeal, which coino up to us from tlio depths of the paat. If ovor the worthies of ancient days revisit their former home?, it is to witness a movement like this. Tho ono great feature in the character of Jos in is benevolence, and Ho was tho greatest man thnt over lived. Self- sacrifice has been called tho law of tho universe. In advocating Christian missions, we stand On ground on which tho glorified around the throne onco Btood, a Cake, a Carey, a Wil liams, n. Mnrtyn, n Brninard, a Juclson, all wero missionaries. Here, thoy exercised their, talents, h3ro poured out their souls, hero they breathed their lu.3t,nndharearethov entombed; Rtnndingon thoir sepulchres we maintain thoir cause. Jesus Himself was tho first of missionaries ; to tho pros perity of this cause Ho lookod as tho noblest re mit of HiffFasaionj and When He bad spent His life in this cause He left His disciples -with ''His great commission, 'Go ye unto all tho world ice,' and shall wo stand apart' front such a work ' or make -an ignominious . retreat f Opinions vary respecling;the times in which we lire,. but all are agreed that these are very re markable times. Tho rapid progress of dis- covery — the surprising advance of knowledge— the extraordinary facilities of communication partake almost of the supernatural, and must be referred to a designing Providence. Men every- where are attaching a higher importance to re- ligious interests, infidelity is far less formidable than it was a hundred years ago. Europe is in a state of commotion. Turkey must renounce its exclusiveness, apostasy from Islamism can no longer be punished with death, tho scimitar must fall to tho ground, and tho Crescent must wane, and 'ere long we may have a free field for missions in those regions which were the cradle of mankind. Russia has presented signs of improvement, and Italy offers causes of thank fulness. Tho British Colonies are bringing every part of tho world into connection with the Anglo Saxon character; a door is being opened to the teeming multitudes of China, and who can doubt the issue of the fearful mutiny in India ? There is scarcely a sphere of religious labour which is not in astute of transition The world is sighing for a change. ' I believe" says one who has deeply studied tho question, ' that we have come to a point in our religious history in which Providence thundors in our ears tho necessity, of a spirit of sacrifice.' We stand in the midst of a heaving chaos, and upon us it depends whether that chaos shall be moved to ruin or to life; and where is our benevolence, where is our piety, if we can feast upon tho bread' of life, while millions are dying of spiritual starvation ? The reverend speakor then concluded hid speech by a most powerful and eloquent appeal in behalf of tho Minions' in tho South Sea Islands, to which wu much regret that our space will not permit us to do justice. TheEevd.H. It. Gapd then roso awl said that ho would not detain the Meeting long, as he had just returned from a visit to Ihe Bush, and was much fatigued, which ho regretted tho less ns thoro wero others present, who could more ablyudvocato theclairaaofiheSueiety. The Reverend gentleman concluded by seconding the resolution. . ?-...?? .... Tho fir&t; resolution was ; then road by tho Chatrman. and (tarried imnnimouslv. . The Hev. James B. Lacgutos moved the Second Resolution us follows : — ?' Thnt (his mi-elin!; di-eplv deplorin? the ii.toilcct.nl. moral, mid ^pirinml cumlition «f Ki'Hjea nn. I oilier iMtls ,.rth« hwilhen irurlil, nuil lifliiii,' fully cuiiviiicMliirilie |K-il«!t uilii|iliiliun of Divine tiuili, uhon neeonipuiiieil by the ii. finances of the Holy Ohcst, ti- meet tlio wants i.f iiiiiii kind, [.lfilm-u itself to ivnene'l ami increiised cxi'rtions in orJer to send tho -Gospel to every creature.;* He regretted that nn engagement had pre vented his being present nt tho commencement of the meeting, nnd that he had then lost tho advantage of hearing tho IJeport read, -for ho confessed ho was not very well posted up in tho history of Missionary labours during tho past year. . He might however, ho thought, tnko it for granted that the Wcsleynn Missionaries had not been idle ; for if they had, he wan sure he should havo heard of it. Tho Kesolution which had been put into his hands deplored tho intel lectual, moral, and spiritual condition of 'Feejeo and other pnrtH of tho heathen world ; und with respect to Fec-joo in particular, wliich, with other stations in the Sont Ii S.-as, wns now under tha chirgo of tlu-ir own Conference, ha believed that no part of tho world wus, or had been, to degraded, or .more, urgently required missionary effort.' This degradation was simply the effect of sm ; it shewed what human nature was capable of becoming when left to itsolf. Thov had heard of somo soils, which, though for a timo rendered unfruitful by adverse circum stances, or improper treatment, ? possessed a restorntivo principle, wliich cnablo them to overcomo the evil elements imd retain their fertility. But there was no such restorative power in the human lieart, which had over lieen in ita natural state, n dungeon of foul vapour?, and a nngo of every unclean nnd hate ful bird. Tho condition of the heathen world Bhawcd what they themselves might havo been,' had it not pleused God to cause tho dny-spring from on high to visit them, and to show them His salvation. Their British forefathers hud been littlo better tian the Fecjeeana — Soo them around yon ancient oak — Sjo that huge wicker idol, filled with innocent children — Sea the procession of hoary druid-', ministers of that infernal sacrifice — See tho Jlaries applied 'to the' idol, and hear tho loud roar of drums, and tho yells of tho people, which drowned the cries of tho victims! Those were thoir BritUh ancestors! And what had wrought, tho greiit char.go wliich had taken plnco ? Simply, thj Gospel of Christ. And could they doubt that what tho Oospcl had -wrought for Britain it. could nlso wo;-k for Fcejeo? Assuredly the Gospel hndluBt none of its power ; for, ns tho Resolution asserted, there was in it. a campleto adaptation to the wnntB of mankind, for example, man wns n guilty sinner, and ncedjd pardon. - Conscienoo told him thia, and accordingly fals« religions ottompted to ] rondo for this necessity of man's nature by prescribing penances,' und nacrifke?, and prayers, and fastings. Again, man was polluted, and needed cleansing; cmd false religions provided various . ceremonial puri fications. And farther, man wus , unhappy and discontented: there was ' a void in his heart which ho sought to fill ; and accord ingly nil falsa religions encouraged what 'were called amusements and carnal indulgences. But in all thcao things fulso ' reliuions failed: they afforded no rcasonablo a*Frranco of nardon — no efiectunl cleansing of ? tl;o soul — no truo happiness or satisfaction : tho sunst- of guilt and pollution remained ; and after spending all his substanco und all his yoira on thu pleasures of this' world, the deluded victim found himself us far from happy as ever. Tho Gospel alone suppiod tho necessities of man. The Gospel alone proclaimed pardon on Bccure grounds :' the Gospel alone disclosed tho fountain opened .for tho cleansing of the soul's pollution : tho Gospel nlono gave peace and satisfaction, and provided a sure resting-place. And more than all,, man required sympathy.. A man -had affections and c'molions, wliich must havo some ?thinpito which they mny go forth. A man could not empty his heart of the world, unless something better were given him to fill the void : ho could not forsako his worldly and carnal sympathies, unless tome higher sympathy was revealed to him. This was what the gospel did. It revcal-d to man One who was tho . friend of tho chief of sinners, and who had a part in every pang that rent the human- ? breast. ? It was to carry tlu3 blotted Gospel to the poor benighted heathen that they wore thut night asked to con tribute. And lie trusted they would give liberally, not forgetting what the Resolution stated, that the lnfluencai of the Holy Spirit were ncceisary to givo cflleacy to all human effort-i. Lot there bo moro prayer, ns well as more liberality, and, let them not doubt that tho wilderness and tho solitary placed should speedily bo mado glad and that tho desert should rejoice and blossom as the rose.' With theso remarks, ho had much pleasuro in moving the Kesolution. Tho Rev. J\ Ajiowin in rising to second this resolution, said that he only would advert to one or two points, as tho evening, was advancing, and there woro yet othor speakers who woro ex pected to address tho meeting. Wo wero some times inclined to despond when wo had diffi culties to contend with in the good cause, but ho would remind them that when Clirist sont His didciplcs forth to preach tho Goupcl, Ho added, ' and lo ! Inm with you always, even-to the end of tho world.' This should remind. us th Srlo is eittingonllismedintorial throne plead ing ior the great cause, which Ho came into the tho world to nchiov«-, and while mortal powers wero fleeting away Christ was sitting on that throne, moving nnd controlling all. Tha Saviour had promised to givo the spirit to reprovo and judge the word, and with this spirit moving and controulingj.wohadno right to despair. The hevd. W. Hessel in riainjf to support this resolution, begged to excuse himself on tlie score of fitijjue, ana expromod his happiness in sideling hiV' Bathhrat. friends anticipating the (,nt I ?ults from this anniversary. Ithud Wen taid ii ,? a Scotchman was never happy unless when »liro«i B nor nn Irishman but when fisihliiig-an Knjtljjj'B man hut when miserable ; he thought each of t|,I B paradoxes raiulit lie reconciled; by the mujion!?*B ' cau'«e ? und it had also been astened that a m« ? inndb by the times in wliieh he llvrs, tlii, mj't'.*B' lie trim in one sense, but ho bfheved GoJ Jj\ II iiipo for the timo, and qualified them furil I' tn*k« imposed upon lliem. .- if noble ohjeeti ti, I tliiri.it v to individuals, then was tlie ,,„,'? : object fraught with dignity „„,, ll(|,* ? to in all-it wus the „„??'? «o:ll:kB task ever imposed on man,' arid it »„, ''JB liiuliest, intwert to KiiuilmrUe our niitijs n-nil .,'' ? (?rent tlionghl of God. . ?' 1 he world is my pni.1 ?! ? wa.tlie tlmhalit which m«.te,Jolm,\Yeile, ,£ I Iib win, anil the thougliti arisini; from tho „,:, ? siniiurv o«u« afforled the highest Krntifi,.»ti(l,1 ' ? tli« mind, intellectual pleasing of 'nainru ™5 I rh oftt-n give'TOJoymeiit to' the minil, but it »,! ? liot |o lie measured witlilhati ari»in-r from to)uM Hldnary thbnglits, ; foi iliey- 'impart tone, colctr ? mill energy to men. It a uian intended to *» ? really great he muat devote himself to Iiis felloV. I mi'ii : our F.onl Hinim'lf went about doing go^i' H and the mi«»io.iar.r ciiliso'ofrordsd hope for nmn' ? to'exereino the lili«« of doing (rood,— » bliss no. ? to lid realised lint by «Wf-ilevotloii, und one »|,itk ? hrinsiBUH intnassociation with gr.'at niiiiiln 0Ba ? ?iiiire tliaii this' into co-purtniTsMp wiih God Hn (thi- speaker) owed «o much ninitnl eiij.iyn,,,nt' mid spiritual liupphiMM ? to-the misnioimrv cu01, tlmt un that account alone he hoped never to ba obliged to forfeit his connection «iih it. J|8 „„, ??lit oim.of those croaking olJ men who believed tlu.t the camie'wunlil fax when this generation wanaoi.e; liobriievwl in the- growing proapcrilv or the Wenls.vnn work until tho end of (hJ world ; nnd tlmt it wonM not ceo till nil the world hnd I cen evangcliIH| lie linil con(ii!wice in ' Ms eiu'cemori*, ni Hint t'ov would iiliiindiiiitly fulfil their niii,ion Mfny. liV triwtMl, Himrap; them wuiilJ lite ,-J recuiint thi'ir trinm|ihs htroui'ler on the plntformj ofihUviiKt Caiiliueiit. Ho (Mr. Hewel) »„ conipniBtively l.nt a ' ni'W rhiini,' but ho luul Hlways resurJ'! the Fejee inlands with Kront interest. The iiihiibitnnlH of tliunu islanda' li«J lo n raised to tlie dignity of being Goil's tout ti-iy ninny of them hud hren roiiverled, «nj ?vnnunml their jjoils, cnniiiliiilism, und other nhoniiiiatiiiiia. He looked upon the trirndU IhI^s nn III* Ini^ht spot in Jli««ion«ry- . dutor/ Kins,' George wiib in f.icta Methodist King, ft «iis true that sumo iieis.im had found -fault »iil. him, »nd enjiprially a Mr. St.' Julian, who nvjf(i liiniKplf lluwnian Cnmniissiiinor, «lio in *]l0 * reporter to tlio Sydney Morning Herald, and who lin« written huim- nn itwou.it of- Polynesia, in xliich hi) npnVe very ilisresjiPctfitHjr . of thj KiiiLvfthoiifih he wit* very rcupwlful to him in M»presfiice,)ei-pee'mlly on the score' that tho Kii.Lr, in nci'orilnnca with the connnuniln of Srripiurp, liml t.ikp» ndult^rv »s the tole excuia for ilirnrec, but tliii Mr. St. Julian asserted tint four other reiuan* exiiteil, mid for tint ranut nsi-rtpil llmt iho kin^ »m Iwrharons, h'nd cen!d not liereeo^iii»rd.liy an.v olrilinhl nation* until hi- guvo up as. ocnl prnneher 1 The.so . weie llmt jjentlemiin'ii . views upon a euuutrv hot Inlelv cmcrueil 'mm b irliHrism. It w«» nionslroui. The pro«n'»» of D.vino kno« ledge win «1»«m Kradu.il, an. I it wan fur better for tlif- I'olvn---iiiiii to go on upon the old-fu»liioned principle, «r,-l they would then jjrow up a mijrlity Christi»n nation, mid in their turn send forth missionnrin to convert Ihn lieu lien. All the refinement in tlie world wns uanles unions it wus impregnated with the Coihel trullis. ' Wo. must vjjivu thesK hcweiitnl people Iho 'Gnsurl, .and' tliiia- prep»r«' them for the rcco|Hio'i of political potter. 1 Le revervml Kr-ntlcmaii, whoso s|ieeoh ntfnilpil to a ronsi er»li!e lonaih. conclu.iy.l by oxprensinif hit tiTVpiit hone thnt the collection would .be trorthr oft l.o nci-aaion, uml llmt Ii* niulieiirn would bia* thpmselvcs to .hepffon, nnd thus enable them to «fiul the requisite miiisiniotriisK, »»t only to tie Fprjoes, lu also to the the poor deirmKVI ? ?liincKP. mm in short Rpreiul tln- Wessi'il ' tiding* ot'^r. otjoy' to ihe uttermost endiol the earth. Mr. Oabvosso moved — . 'Thnttrie foUowinir KPiitlomen h* mfmbera of tho Committeefor tl:e eiiBiiing ye»r, : -Jlp Mm. TlmRip^in, Swi'ctnnm, Pinker, Stmiger, Orion, Htlliilnv; Crni^, M«nrin«ld, Cnrvosno, Itrar, Atkins, and .Mnrtin ; the Rev. T. Angtrin, Secre tary : mill the Kev H. II. Gnn.1, Trpasnrer.' Wo had, ho said, comniittecs for balls and other amusements, but this committee had much higher nnd moro important duties to perform. Its work would bu to promote tho Balyation of eouls— to aid in., convert ing from heathenism tho thousands and millions of our fellow creatures in these Southern neas, whoso facos wsre blnck, but hearts whito. He must soy ho filt somewhat dolicato, in asking for increased oxertions on the part of the committee, but tho resolution having once been passed, he hoped they would carry out thcir work as it became them as men, and Christians. Mr. PARKER seconded the resolution. To the proposition just moved by Mr. Carvosso, he would say ' ditto,' and under the circum- stances he need not say much more. He would be glad that the young Committee just ap- pointed should shew the old hands who hid just gono out how to work, as thare was abund ance of work to be done. As the hour nu growing Into, ho would not trouble thorn with o, I speech, but would intimate that tho principle* I for the promotion of which they wero -worBng I wero tho principles of liberty, generosity and I truth, and contained within themselves tho ? liberty -preserving, elements. The man, thcre foro, who was thoroughly imbued with thoso sontiments, wos ready to die for hia cause, or if such a sacrifice was not required, to work it out with porscvotance and zeal, tho ends and. objects whioh it. hnd in viow. ;' A collection took place, at the conclusion of which it was announced that the collection for the previous (Sunday) evening amounted to £2G 11s. Id., and on that evening to £2-1 16o. The Rev. Mr. Gaud proposed a vote of thank* to the Chairman, and in doing so, spoko of him in complimentary, tprmj, and of his willingness at all times to aid in carrying out the noble work in which they wero engaged. Tho rcsolutirn was seconded by Mr. Angwin and carried, and tho Chairman acknowledged tbo compliment in a few appropriate1 remarks, in the course of which ho expressed a hope that in future Missionary meeting* thoy would provide them scIvpb with a Chairman better able to perform rho important duties of his position. ;The proceedings .terminated 'as they r6om menced, by singing and prayer. 