FROM THE TIGER ON BRICKFIELD-HILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE. SIR--A correspondent has favoured me with the fol- lowing letter which I beg to hand to you for publication, as I think by that means any object that the writer may have had in view when penning it, will be more effectually achieved than it can be by any comments I could offer on the subject of which the writer treats without giving to his epistle the publicity that I think it deserves. TO THE TIGER ON BRICKFIELD-HILL. MR. TIGER--As the effusions with which you have hitherto favoured the public of New South Wales testify most unmistakably that you are a philosopher, and one moreover possessing rather shrewd ideas concerning mankind, I beg to bring under your notice a matter which I think may furnish you some instruction, and which your great powers of intellect may not be incom- petent to deal with. I am a Government clerk. Do not growl. I am not ashamed to own that I employ my services from nine until five for the good of my country. Government clerks are a much traduced class of beings, but you, I am sure, I will not condemn the whole body on account of the faults and follies of a few of its mem- bers. I am not one of those odoriferous mortals whose immaculate shirt-fronts, faultless ties, and irreproacha- ble hair-partings adorn that public service which the happy possessors of the qualifications above mentioned kindly condescend to employ their powers upon. No, Sir, I am a family man, and consequently have a soul above these little frivolities of celibacy. I am not ashamed to carry bread and butter to my office for lunch. I have taken a cabbage home in a basket to my wife without blushing. I am not above going out shopping on Satur- day night with the partner of my earthly bliss; and I rather pride myself on my dexterity in managing a baby. These few facts being known to you it is scarcely necessary for me to add that domestic economy is a science which I make my peculiar study; and it was indeed in obedience to its rules that when Responsible Govern- ment was inaugurated and successive ministers vied with each other in the cutting down process whenever the esti- mates were under discussion, that I deemed it advisable to quit my somewhat expensive domicile in the town for a more economical tenement in the suburbs. More- over my fifth and last (Daniel, Sir, in compliment to our worthy Speaker) entailed an additional strain on the finances which it was necessary to meet by a more eco- nomical outlay. I accordingly removed to a neighbour- hood which, in order to prevent invidious remarks, I will call by the name of "Littlemud." It is sufficient for me to add that it is within an omnibus drive of the town, that is to say, when the boggy tract connecting it with the city is in such a condition that omnibuses may with safety pass over it, which at present happens not to be the case. When I first arrived here I found that all the good housewives of the neighbourhood were living under a most absolute despotism. This will per- haps surprise you in a free country; but, nevertheless, is the actual fact. The power of Nicholas Romanoff on the banks of the Neva was not more unlimited than that of "Boggs and Co." in their peculiar province. Boggs and Co. were grocers--the only grocers in the district; and it must be confessed that they took advantage of the monopoly that they exercised to raise the "prices current" in "Littlemud" much above those of the adjoin- ing town. Prayers could not pierce the heart of Boggs; threats were futile, when the nearest grocery establish- ment was nearly two miles off. Boggs and Co. was the style of the firm, but I always had doubts about the Co. I am now half- inclined to believe that the Co. was a mere myth. There was an interesting young man of a dark and meloncholy appearance, who used to stand behind the counter with a meditative air awaiting the orders of customers, and whom the legendary lore of the neighbourhood had memorized as a victim of an unrequited affection; I thought at first that he was the "Co.," but as he disappeared shortly after my arrival, this conjecture proved fallacious. The establishment, moreover, contained a stoutish youth of a clammy aspect, who seemed to have a remarkable predilection for dark corners, trap-doors, and heaps of merchandise, behind which he would lie in ambush ready to dart out on the affrighted customer. As he used to carry things out in a basket it was evident to me that he could not be the "Co." There was a Miss Boggs too, who used to beguile the tedium of mercantile transactions by playing the "Red, White, and Blue" on the piano in the drawing room over the shop. Per- haps, after all, she was "Co.," and I made this sugges- tion to my wife, who seemed, however, to think that it was impossible for "Co." to be of the feminine gender. But, whether Co. was a mere creation of Boggs' imagina- tive brain, or an actual and living embodiment, sharing in the anxieties, and participating in the profits of that commercial enterprise of which Boggs was the head, founder, and representative, is an enquiry which at present it is needless to pursue. Well, Sir, when I settled in "Littlemud," I at once became subject to the rule of Boggs and Co. Doubtless it wounded my pride, but I was compelled to submit; it was useless for me to strive to shut my eyes to the true state of the case. In vain I endeavoured to lay the flattering unction to my soul that I was "patronising" Boggs and Co., when it was plain that I was entirely dependent on them for the most necessary articles of my household consumption. I could not be blind to facts weekly urged on my attention. I was not ignorant of the fluctuations in the Sydney market, and the stubborn inertia of the market of "Littlemud," ruled by Boggs and Co. Things "went up" sometimes in "Littlemud," but they never seemed to "come down." Boggs always said it was "the roads," whenever any rise took place in any article. Certainly, it must be confessed that the road between "Sydney and Littlemud" is sometimes in a very shocking condi- tion; but then it is only about two miles in its whole length. In vain I asked why are currants 1s. per lb. in Littlemud and only eightpence in Sydney; to no purpose, I demanded to know the reason of my paying half-a-crown for tea which in Sydney was but two shillings; it was useless for me to point out the discrepancy between the prices of butter at Sydney and at Little- mud; why, oh why, I cried in despair, are my schemes of economy nipped in the bud on account of two miles of bad road? Echo in the shape of my wife faintly mur- mured forth "Boggs and Co." Once, indeed, when in company with my wife, purchasing a piece of cheese, for which twenty pence a pound was demanded, once in- deed, I ventured mildly to hint to Boggs that the same article in Sydney was but fourteen pence. It must have been some evil demon that prompted me to this rash act, indeed, at the time I trembled at my own temerity. Boggs gazed at me for a few moments in silent astonish- ment blended with indignation, then drawing his person to its full height and concentrating in himself all the dignity of "Boggs and Co.," he majestically waved his hand and said "This, Sir, is not Sydney." I felt that I was answered and departed from the shop crest-fallen. It was on the first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, that having arrived at my office, I took up the valuable journal to which you con- tribute, and glancing over the advertisements was im- pelled to the utterance of a wild cry, which caused our junior, who was at the time practising feats of dexterity with a ruler, to receive it on the top of his nose instead of in the palm of his hands. Was I in a dream? I rubbed my eyes, blew my nose, went close to the win- dow, and looked again on the paper. Yes, there it was in large type, nearly half a column. I there saw the sub- ject of my domestic grievance set forth in print, and with joy I learnt that a remedy was at hand. Therein was the public of Littlemud informed that "they had long been subject to a despotism, detrimental to their pockets and subversive of their domestic happiness, but that the time had at length arrived when an alteration in the present abominable system of busi- ness which they had been compelled to submit to was earnestly and urgently demanded." I there in that advertisement learnt with a thrill of silent satisfaction that "Messrs. Trap'em Brothers, sympathiz- ing with the householders of 'Littlemud' had deter- mined by the introduction of a healthful competition to crush the odious monopoly which the inhabitants of 'Littlemud' had so long groaned under. And that in compliance with this design they had taken leave of those new and commodious premises 'Styles'-buildings,' and intended on the ensuing Monday to open them as a wholesale and retail grocery and provision warehouse; and they hoped that by quiet attention to the wants of their visitors they would obtain a share of the pat- ronage which it should ever be the highest object of their ambition to deserve." Here was a glorious event! a memorable era in the annals of "Littlemud." I am, Sir, a man of a phlegmatic temperament, and am rarely aroused to enthusiasm, but I confess that on this occa- sion, I so far violated my natural disposition that in the excitement of the moment, I unconsciously sat down on my lunch, which was in my pocket. I felt an irre- sistible desire to discover Trap'em Brothers, and grasp their hand; I involuntarily should have done them reve- rence had I met them. I could have uncovered in their presence. "Trap'em," the chivalric "Trap'em," who feared not to enter the lists with the awful "Boggs and Co.," at once and forever became to me an object of ad- miration. What tumultuous emotions would struggle in the breast of "Boggs," when his eye fell on that adver- tisement! How would even the dull torpidity of the clammy boy be quickened into transient excitement! And then Miss Boggs! here I was compelled to check the reflections that came crowding on my brain, and I was nearly melted to tears. But then again, "Trap'em Brothers" rose in my mind as actual facts. Here I could trace the remains of that ancient spirit which in the time of the Edwards and Henrys of blessed memory disdained to battle with the hosts of France unless the odds were ten to one. Here at least was a spark of that heroic valour which has rendered Great Britain a watchword among the nations of the world. Rome might boast her "Gracchi," England her Hampden, America her Washington, "Littlemud" could triumphantly point to "Trap'em Brothers." As you may imagine I waited for the ensuing Monday with some anxiety. At length it arrived, and Trap'em Brothers, true to their word, had their shutters down long before I started for town. Then began that struggle whose progress has been watched by every householder in "Littlemud" with the most intense interest. "Trap'em Brothers" shone in paint, varnish and plate glass, and the tickets on their goods would have gladdened the ghosts of Faust or Guttenberg; to say nothing of the comparatively reasonable prices at which they offered their commodities. When I passed their shop on the first day of its opening, I felt that all the energy and genius of Boggs must be called into action if he wished to hold his own. The first week passed over and Boggs remained unmoved. He evidently thought to crush his upstart rivals by treating them with silent contempt, but he had an adversary to cope with not so easily conquered. Deserters from the standard of "Boggs and Co.," became each day more numerous. True, there were certain staunch supporters who still remained firm to him, but then their names had been for a long while on his books; but many of his regular patrons, most of the ready money customers, nearly all the penn'orths of treacle, the pounds of candles, and the half-pounds of cheese, in fact, nearly all the free and enlightened consumers, to a man went over to "Trap'em Brothers." Boggs, still, however, remained silent. But it was the ominous calm that precedes the fierce tempest; it was the anxious moment of stillness that is the harbinger of the deafening roar of the cannon, the clang of the trumpet, the clash of the sabre, the tramp of horses, and the groans of the wounded; it was the black silent cloud pregnant with the fire of the lightning and the voice of the thunder. Ere a fortnight had elapsed, the indignation of Boggs burst forth in an ad- vertisement. With what eloquent invective did he denounce "the fraudulent endeavours of noisy upstarts to delude the minds of the unwary!" How furiously did he lash "those infamous arts of puffing, to which those wretched tradesmen whose commercial existence hangs on a thread, find themselves compelled to resort!" And when he wound up by informing his "old and respected patrons that, in consequence of the altered state of the market, he would be enabled to supply them with genuine articles, at the following reduced prices," then, I say, I trembled for the paternal Trap'em. It became evident to me that Boggs intended to spare no pains to demolish his enemy opposite. Moreover, he had painters and glaziers at work, and in less than a week, his formerly dingy front was quite dazzling to the eye of the beholder. Over his door "Boggs and Co.'' proudly shone in gilt letters, and as a climax, the clammy boy was put into a new coat and an enormous white collar, and sent round for orders. And what was Trap'em doing? "Trap'em," Sir, acted in a manner worthy of himself. "Trap'em" desisted not from adver- tising. "Trap'em" reduced the price of his articles to a still lower figure, and finally, "Trap'em" procured the handsomest of handsome young men to adorn his counter, which last stroke of policy demonstrated the hand of a master. Indeed, not to weary you by details, I may briefly say that the contest has been sustained with unabated ardour on either side, and has never once flagged in interest. The parties are well matched and it is doubtful who will eventually gain the day. "Trap'em" has resorted to small hand-bills, but then "Boggs" has secured the services of the only individual in the parish who is initiated in the art of printing posters. ''Trap'em's" effusions are read at every hearth, and "Boggs" decorates all the dead walls in the place with gigantic letters espressive of his local habitation and his name. "Trap'em" does poetry and epigrammatic- ally sets forth the advantages to be derived by patron- ising his establishment; but the rhetoric of "Boggs" is a subject of pride to "Littlemud," and unprejudiced persons have declared that Dr. Johnson was scarcely a more thorough master of a weighty and imposing style. Trap'em achieved some slight increase of popularity by taking the chair at a public meeting held for the purpose of "drawing the attention of the Colonial Secretary to the frightful state of the road connecting Littlemud with Sydney and praying that a sum be placed on the estimates for the improvement (?)." But this advantage gained by Trap'em was countermanded by a liberal contribution of plums and currants made by Boggs, at the anniversary tea meeting of the society "for introducing the use of pocket handkerchiefs amongst destitute children." In fact, any advantage gained by Boggs on one day is sure to be eclipsed by "Trap'em" on the next, and vice versa, and an unconcerned spectator of the contest would be unable to say to which side Victory most inclines. Sometimes she sits on the beaver of Boggs, and anon is seen smiling in the window of "Trap'em;" some think that "Trap'em's" strength can- not hold out much longer, and others assert that should he "smash" as it is termed, he will again like a phœnix arise from his ashes more vigourous than before, and then the fate of Boggs will be sealed. Boggs is no bad representative of the impertubable Briton withstanding like a rock all the assaults of his adversary. Trap'em, on the contrary, reminds one of the brave and volatile Gaul undismayed by defeat leading up his forces with undaunted courage for another onset. In a word "Boggs" possesses most bottom; but "Trap'em" is endued with a larger share of pluck and spirit. In the mean time every article of consumption in the grocery line has become very cheap indeed at Littlemud. If is an astonishing fact that we now can procure cheese, pickles, raisins, and other articles too numerous to mention in some cases for a less sum than the wholesale. This is a curious fact, but of course I do not grumble at it. But, Mr. Tiger, that which astonishes me most is this. My weekly bills have increased in a most alarming manner in spite of the healthful competition above referred to. This will doubtless surprise you, but you must know that we have been wallowing in the Sybarite luxuries for the last few weeks. Things are so cheap that one cannot resist the temptation of indulging in them. I used formerly to be contented with an occasional pudding, now I can- not make a dinner without that palatable article of refec- tion. And why? Because all its ingredients are so remarkably reasonable, that it would be folly not to avail oneself of the opportunity of gratifying the palate at so low a figure. The same remark applies to various other delicacies, before unthought of; and which, now, assist in swelling my weekly bills. In fact, Mr. Tiger, to be candid with you, I may as well at once confess that, whereas I was previously of a very spare figure, I have lately grown quite corpulent, and have found it necessary to enlarge the breadth of my waistcoats twice within the last few months. For the considerations stated at the commencement of my letter, I beg to lay these few observations before you, and hoping you will excuse my tediousness, I have the honour to remain, Sir, Your most devoted admirer, SAMUEL SAVALL. To the Tiger of Brickfield-hill. I will not trespass further on your space by offering any comments on the above epistle. Each can draw his own moral from the facts that Mr. Saveall has so lucidly set forth. I would merely advise Messrs. Boggs and Trap'em to come to some understanding, and to endea- vour to divide fairly the trade of "Littlemud" between them, without ruining each other by the disastrous and suicidal policy each has hitherto adopted. I would also hint to Mr. Boggs, that if he had been con- tented with a fair profit when he possessed the mono- poly of the trade of "Littlemud," he might now have been without a rival. I would also remind those gen- tlemen, who are with a full knowledge of all these cir- cumstances supplying Messrs. Boggs and Trap'em with the weapons for carrying on their murderous contest, that they must not feel surprised if, one of these fine days, they receive an invitation from Boggs or Trap'em, to attend a convivial meeting of creditors. And, finally, I would just venture to remark to the public generally, that if they patronise those patriotic and generous tradesmen who professedly sell their wares for a less price than that at which they purchased them, they con- nive at and encourage a fraud, the evil effects of which are eventually, although perhaps imperceptibly, visited on their own heads. This, Sir, is all I shall say on this point, as it is really too dull a subject for me to conde- scend to treat of more fully. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, THE TIGER. From the Den, Brickfield-hill. 