[at Itatatt %H Sflitrór, BRISBANE, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1858. -? THE NEW ELECTORAL LAW. THE new electoral law, as sketched in the opening speech of the Governor General, is intended " to provide for the equitable distribution of the members, to enlarge their number, and to place the suffrage of the electors upon a simple and and extended basis." We are enabled from reliable information to lay before our readers a cursory view of the proposed Bill to effect these changes in our electoral system. The total number of members is to be increased to 68 Sydney, (city) is to be divided into 9 districts, and to return 9 members. The Hamlets, (Sydney), to be divided and return 3 members. Brisbane, 1 member Brisbane Police District, 1 member Ipswich, 1 member Ipswich Police District, 1 member Darling Downs, Co., under the name of districts, 1 member The same for a Police District at the North, including Port Curtis, Maryborough, Gayndah, &o.; Every male person, a British subject, of full age, who has been in the district 6 months previous to registration, is to have a vote. The Cabinet being divided on the question of the ballot, it will not be-in- troduced, but will be left as an open question. It is said that the Cabinet is equally divided upon it. It will be seen that there is no statement as to the proportion which the number of members is to bear to that of the population in the several constituencies. The next mail will probably bring us a copy of the new Bill until then we reserve our opinion upon its merits. We gather from some of the clauses of the Governor's speech, that after sanctioning such portion of the estimates as will be necessary to supply the immediate wants of the government, and the passing of the Electoral Reform Bill, the House will be dissolved and elections made under the new Act. The Electoral Act is in short to be the prime business of the session, which is likely to be of short duration, more particularly as Mr. DONALDSON mercifully promises the House to curtail his long speeches. With re- spect to the other important measures introduced into the opening address they are brought in only-like ghosts theatrical-to walk out again. Federation, Benevolent and Educational Institutions, the Crown Lands Bill, and other measures are introduced with a flourish of trumpets as to their importance, but only to be hastily dismissed, to the uncertain fortune. We are in hopes that the speedy advent of Separation will relieve New South Wales from the necessity of legislating upon any of these questions for Moreton Bay. In the meantime the speech contains no allusion to the Separation of these districts, and we must wait until the Ministers answer Mr. DONALDSON'S question before we can know what steps, if any, the Government have taken to bring the matter to an issue. THE WEATHER.-The long and severe drought during which so many cattle perished just at our doors was followed some days ago by a succession of light rains with intervals of sunshine. Notwithstanding this change the air continued sultry and oppressive. On Friday evening last, however, the welcome sight of a rain storm rushing over the range in the neighbourhood of Brisbane gladdened us all. The rain fell in great abundance, but it came so suddenly that many, in whose spouts from long disuse the feathered tribe had found time to build their nests, had their houses deluged. On the Saturday following another squall brought us a copious supply of water filling our private tanks and public reservoir, clothing mother earth one more in emerald sheen, and relieving us from the fidelity of swallowing diluted mud for water. LUNATIC REFUGE. The outlying districts of the colony also much in need of places in which pauper lunatics can he safely kept, until the order of the Governor-General has been received for their committal to some asylum. Some power should be given to our magistrates to provide such interim protection and maintenance to persons afflicted with madness, whose farms are too poor to support them with food, or keep them in safety. The Police Magistrate, during this week, drew attention to the great inconvenience we should experience, in the event of our being unprepared with some place for lunatics, when the separation of these districts from New South WelvS shafts have been completed. ''? 