NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF SOCIAL SCIENCE. MEETING OF THE WORKING MEN OF LIVERPOOL.. (From the Times, \$th October.) ON Thursday there was held, in the Amphitheatre, in connection with the Association of Social Science, an interesting ovening mr-eting, to which the working classes had been speoially invitjd. The Association, it would seem, ft-eling the necessity of the co opera- tion of the working-classes '.to insure the success of the greater part of the objeots which it has in view, devised this meeting as, a means for bringing them- selves into communication with the working men of Liverpool on the -subject of " Social Science, and for taking their opinion upon those branches of it which relate particularly to their improvement. In order that the gathming should bo -confined as exclusively tea possible to those for whom it was de- signed,a small sum, was charged for admission-Gd. to the boxes, and 3d. to the pit and gallery-and the greater patt of the tickets were intrusted for distri- bution tothe officers of the différent traces unions in the town. So great -was the desvie to be present that a day cr two before the meeting the tickets were selling Teidily among the working men them- selves at a premium of Is. Bd. and 2i. Gd. The laTge thentro, which is calculated to hold from 3000 to '41)00 people, was filled in every put at least an hour before the chttiv was taken, and from the appaerunce of the audience it may be fairly seated that the means taken to insure the attendance of 'the working class had been perfectly successful, shirt-sleeves and corduroy-jackets were in the ascen- dant, and in many cases the men had brought their .wives and children with them to listen to the advice of the great " Parliament orators." During the interval which elapsed between the opening of the doors and the commencement of the proceeding* very good op- portunities were Rfforded of ascertaining the estima- tion in which the leading men of Liverpool are held by their humble fellow-townsmen. For instance, Dr. Hugh M'Neilp, who was one of the earliest arrivals on the stsge which was set apart for visitors, was received with great applause, On the other hand, the appear- ance of Major Gregg, the chief constable of the borough, provoked such a storm of disapprobation thBt the gallant gentleman was forced to beat a speedy retreat behind the wing. Several of the leading alder- men and town-councillors whose names are identified with eff irts for the improvement of the condition of the working classes were loudly cheered. The chief honours, however, were reserved for Lord Brougham Bnd the other distinguished visitors who made their appeannce on the stage at seven o'clock. Mr. Alder . man Holme, the deputy-m.iyor, took the chair, and aft«r a few prefa'ory remirks, cilled on liord urougham, who said,-1 do assure von that it i< impossible for any one to feel more gratified than I do at witnessing this most splendid assembly, at seeing Bitch a collection of the working men of this great town-gathered together from no party view, from no sectarian principle, but for the purpose of working out their own improvement by helping those who have principally, and I will add entirely, that improvement at their heart. (Hear, hear.) That this sight is mrst splendid, magnificent iu every view, I need not add. My excellent frieud, the son of a late member of your«, 'Lord Sandon-carne to me in the other room and snid, " Only come and look at it ; you never saw anything equal to it." (Applause) And no doubt it is a mag- nificent sicht, outwardly sneaking, even if therp wore nothine except what one sa»s and hears î yet therp is everything else in what one knows and feels and infprs in this great meeting. That I should have n peculiar delight in cmving once more among you is not to be wondered at (hear, hear), for it is now, I fea»-, towards half-a-ctntury-it is six-and-fortv years since my original connexion with Liverpool hegan, when I waa candidate to represent it in Parliament, and was unhappily dpfeated. (Laughter.) But I know not that I feel more gratification in mepting those who afterwards were my constituents-I mpan in Yorkshire-than I now do in seeing those who, I believe, would very fain have b°en my constituents. (Heir, hear.) From my experience as n working man, I have derived that which is my conviction and unalterable opinion with respect to the value of lihour, and with reaped to tha inexpressible value of hard work through life, in all its forms and in all stations ; that ha» been the result of my own personal experience. (Hear, hear ) But I have derived also one or t^o other lessons of the same ki"d, and one or two of which I would remind you. Nothing ia good in excess -uot even hard work. Heavn forbid that I should say one single word in behalf of idleness, but hard work, without any relaxa- tion, I object to, upon the old principle, that " all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." Hard work shonld be interrupted by fit and reasonable relaxation, but thftt recreation ought to be of n kind"which is not merely harmless, innocent, but of itself improvino; (cheprs)-as it may he. There is relaxation in reading even that whiob. ia in itself not meant to teach any science, or any art, or even history, ,or even biography. There is a relaxation of an innocent, and it may be made of an innocent sort, by reading that which merely entertains and amuses. Far better pass your time in such relaxation, to avoid the listless vacuity of unoccupied hours while resting from your work; far better that than even reading ghost stories, or stories of murder (hear) which do no good whatever, except to harden the foelings. Far, infinitely far b»tter than to have recourse to other courses which I only name to abominate and abhor-drinking and dis- sipation. (Cheers.) There is another great maxim which I have always inculcated upon my excellent friends of the working classes, to make your labour available by doing one thing at a time, and never beginnine: to do one thing until you have finished the other. (Hear, hear ) Let me remind you of what was said by one of the great statesmen of a former age-one of the De Witts of Holland-a man who cou'd go through stich an enormous amount of work as a statesman, a philosopher, and a literary man, that nobody could tell how he found time for it all, nshisday was but twenty-four hours like our own, and no more. They asked him how ho did ir,-and his answer waa, x< I have only two rules-to do one thing at a time, snd never to put off until to morrow -what I can do to- day." I recollect upon one occasion quoting that maxim of De Witt"« to my friends in Manchester, and I felt bound to add that nnother great Minister of another country, a Frenchman, held a very opposite doctrine, and de- clared he made it a rule- never to do to-day what could be done to-morrow. (Lsnghter.) No doubt Talley- rand used to be laughed at for that absurd proposition ; but he used to give, over and ovpr again, instances in which he might have answered despatches or applica- tions to-day, but putting them off a conple of days or so the applications were withdrawn, and he had no occasion to answer at all. (Laughter.) But these were excepted cases ; his rule was the worst rule, and De Witt's rule was the better. There is another thing to be very much considered by working men. Your timp is your money. It is common saying of po ilitical economy, " Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.'' So I say, a« time is your money, "Take care of the minutes, and íhe hours will take care of themselves." (Hear, hear.) "ï'hese ore the results of long and intimate acquaintance ns¿ only with labour by my o-vn experience, but of labour by my observation of and communication with otherO > and those results I deemed it my duty to bring before you on the present oocasion. But that I should begin to enter upon a discussion of the great advantages which all classes have derived from the progress of liberal, sound, and enlightened polity in this country-that I should proceed to gi ve you a lecture upon free-trade, against the follies which now appear to be abandoned on all hands, and. given UP as obsolete, is wholly and en- tirely out oic the question. You know these things as well as I t}o. Yon feel them, perhaps, more inti- mately than I do. You yourselves are best able to estimate and to ascertain the value of the sound and liberal views which haye lately governed the State, and, therefore, I shall not enter further upon a sub jeot so wholly unnecessary. _ (Hear, hear.) We now are in a state of things whi ch excludes the violence of parties, whether in the ^hm'cn or in the State. Let us improve that calm-that bV«sed calm-by pro. moting, to the best of our en^eaV^rs- to the utmost of our means, in all respects and 1^ all its branches, the great cause of the improvement of the people. (Loudcheers ) Lord J. Russell, who was next called .nP°n °7 ln» chairman, was received with loud and prolongea cheers. He said,-Ladies and gentleman,- ~*a *"" dressing you I hardly know what language *° u?8' because, although I stand here on the boards °' a theatre, yet we are not in a similar position to-" ' . actors who usually appear here, who, if t,*ie>" have acted a favourite part with success, go on for 40 or 50 nights repeating the same part. If I were to I repeat to you the opening address which I made to the ins'itution the other day I am sure that, instead of the applause which the actor receives, you would be very apt to hiss me off the stage. (Laughter.) Nor, gentlemen, in addressing the working classes, do I wish to appear to address anything like a lecture to themf still less to preach to them. Nor-would it be consistent with the high notions which I entertain of the -understanding of the working men of this country iflw^re to attempt to flatter them. (Hear, hear.) My sole" object is, in following my noble and learned friend, to Weak upoiî.tlie same text fiftf behki fpoken, , and to say that we are here, not to lecture, not to preach, not to dictate, but to work together with the working classes towards an object which we believe is good for rich and poor alike, for the highest and the poorest in the land. (Cheers.) And it is my earnest hope that yon will leave this place fully persuaded that the objects which the assoriatisn has in view are objgcts that deeply 'concern yo», and with regard to which it is your duty, ns it will be your in- terest, to give your assistance. (Hear.) I feel most deeply that unless you do so, that unless public opinion favour us, unless the opinion of the working classes go with U", our labour would bo utterly vain, nnd our different departments wouU entirely fail. We were to-day engaged in several dep irtraer.ts. One was wuh I regard to the improvemrnt ot theUw, and various sua; gostions were offered fiir making law courts more ef- ficient and more useful. Now that, gentlemen, I con- çoive is an object that will be useful to the whole com- munity. In this object, as in every other that pertains to the well-being of the people, we cannot go a step without recognising the hand of ray Lord Brougham. (Great cheering.) And, gentlemen, if I may use an illustration upsn this subject, it occurs to me to men- tion that, when two great generals were oarrying on war against each other,-Turenne on the one side, nnd the Prince of Condo on the other,-the Prince of uondé had been for some time absent many hundred miles away. There came nn alarm at "night, and' Turenne was told that one of his cantonments was on fire. He weat out to see it, and he found that such was the activity of the enemy that one can- tonment after another was set on fire, till there was a whole circle of fire around him, Ile said at once, " The Prince of Oondé must havo arrived ;" and what I he said with regard to the art of war, with regard to that art of destruction, I say to you with regard to the arts of peace, that when you find some work that is beneficial to mankind, and that has made progress, you may say with truth, " Lord Brougham must be here-he must he the leader." (Cheprs.) I proceed, gentlemen, to another object which eminently concerns tha working classes,-I mean the object of the sanitary department, which is in our days called "sanitary refoim." Among other evils that we have suffered from in this country has been the very bad state of the dwellings of the working-classes. (Ilear.) In many respects individual landlords and corporations have been able to do much to remedy that state of things, but it requires the diligence of the working-classes to further and complete that work j and I must say, not intending, its I have said, to flatter the working classes, that it behoves them-those who are in the receipt of good wages -to make provision sufficient that .they may be able to maintain their f imilies in comfort, and to obtain dwellings where they can live decently and in peace ; for nothing I am sure concerns the welfare of the com- munity more-nothing concerns the health of the community more-nothing concerns the morality of i the community more, than that there should be good and wholesome dwellings for all the working classes of , this country. (Cheers.) That again is one of the objects of this association. It is one of the objects of the association to make our towns healthy, and to improve their condition. A friend of mine in London, Mr. Charles Pearson, has long meditated on a plan which, at all events, does great credit to his ingenuity . and benevolence,-and that plan is, by means of the railroads, to take those of the working men who re , ceive high wages a few miles out of London ; and i there, he says, they would obtain a cottage and a i garden in pure air for little more than half the rent which they pay now for a miserable lodging in the , midst of the city of London. (Cheers.) We are not to say at once that these things are practicable, and that they ought to be adopted ; but we have nn association, in order that we may meet and oompare one another's notions; and it is by ', means of such associations, and by moans of their [ being spread in different parts of the country, that we , may ascertain what is practicable, and what will be useful upon this subject. (Hear.) Now, with regard l to another ma'ter, the matter of ednoation, I trnst that great improvements will be made upon that subject. t I But, at the same time, in any improvements'in edtica t tion we must take care to preserve the freedom, , political and religions, which every individual of this , country enjoys. (Hear.) There must be no attempt f to curb that freedom of conscience which is one of our [ best privileges, and to which we owe the great pro j gress that we have hitherto made. But I cannot men- tion the subject of education without ref-rring to the munificent gift which has been made by a citizen of J your own town. (Great cheering.) Qnntlemen, there was, in the palmy days of Florence, a merchant prince J whose vessels sailed over the world-whose returns t every year made him richer and richer, t nil who built churches, who founded galleries, and who established a I great library for the benefit of the citiVîns ol Florence ; . but that mprr-hant prince, while he did thus, , aimed a fatal blow at the liberties of his country. J (Hear, hear.) But you have a marchant prince among , you who, while he founds a magnificent library, would j do everything he could to promote and enlarge the t liberties of his country. (Loud and protracted cheer j ing.) I trust that in that library you will find materials j both for instruction and for amusement- that you will r see how the freedom of this country was built up, how its independence was asserted ; how brave men of ' former times, when the Stuarts endeavoured to estab ' lish a despotism, stood up against that despotism and j sacrificed their lives in behalf of that freedom j nnd thus you will perceive the inheritance that we have ^ attained. (Cheers.) You will find, on a survey of t this countrv, that there is much to be said that may r fill us all with almiration. You see a sovereign reign r ing over a portion of the human race that may be s counted at 200,000,000. You see the State here and in t India in the enjoyment of £100,000,000 of revenue. But placed opposite to that piomru you see crowded j dwelling', many people suffering from poverty : others suffering from their own vices ¡ eduea t tion but partially established ; laws ^obsolete and . imperfect, and sometimes ignorantly administered i ' mnch to reform and much to improve. It ' will be your duty, while you have this ' inheritance-while you are jnstly proud of this I , inheritance - to improve all those institu- tions, to amen J the defects which exist in them. And allow me to say here, what I have said elsewhere, that , if we are vigilant and careful, that if the richer cla»ses and the working classes, and the whole community, ' put their shoulders to tho wheel, in order to improve [ our society, I can see no reason to apprehend the decline of this great State, n friend of mine-a [ learned historian whom all the world admires-I mean ' Lord Macaulay, has given us the picture of a New 1 Zealander, who is sitting upon a broken arch of Lon '. don-bridge, «rid who is looking nt the rains of St. Paul's. Now, I beg to dispute this fancied picture altogether. (Cheers) I don't see why it ever should 1 happen, I think that our citizens of London, if they , found an arch of /london-bridge out of repair, would be very apt to restoi "o it (laughter), and if they found that St. Paul's was n ot in so good a state as it ought to be, they would be aiH ready, by funds which would be at their disposal, to restore the beauty and gran- deur of that edifice. Am-1 BO with regard to our poli- tical, our social, and our mt 'ral institutions. I believe that if we will but be vigilan % »f we will but see that, while the imperfections of hui "«an nature m the very progress of civilisation bring evil aft«r evil uponus, if we take core to have a remedy against each of these evils, if we improve, as wc have baen d, "»in8i lhe health of the community, the education of the community, the general welfare and improvement of tAe community I believe, I say, that if we attend to tho"« tl"'?5!' ^ L country, so far from decaying, has grea'er, and brighter times to look to than she ever has had befara' (Cheers.) i It nany be that those times may not ba fimt'8 °' war We may not have those laurels to gain in the h.,e.hj> an" on the sea which we have hitherto acquired. 3' may please God to give us times of peace j but, wh.,'"*r ! they bs times of war or times of peace, I trust that i "«. i great nation-consisting as it does of its various classes!' but mainly depending upon the basis of the working men of this country-may, with the blessing of God go on and prosper, and carry to the latest generation ! the name of free England. (The noble Lord resumed his seat amid loud and protracted cheering.) The "Earl of Shaftesbury next addressed the meeting. The noble lord said, he would keep to the point for which he was invited to Liverpool, and, having had assigned to him the presidency of the section of public health, he would give them the result of some years' experience and the result of some years' observation in that important mat- ter. Sanitary science, as it WBB called, was related not only to their physical but to their spiritual and moral rights and advantages. (Cheers,) Every man could best take care of his own life and his own house. But did the working classes do so ? That they did not . do so was manifest to every one who would perambu \ ¿ate the streets and the lanes and corners of the resi áíítces of many thousands of the working population. l^n wißhed to impress upon them the very .-"erious con- ge oVâ^ces that were brought on by this «tate of things, Wn'ca "ose in great measure from the n^tfect of others ' knt occasionally from their own neglect. Ill health, on an average, would deprive them of 30 days' toil a- .vear, and, estimating this at 2s. each day, there would be a» ayerage loss of 60s., a sum more than sufficient to «»?«' ¿ hundred rates that might be levied in the town 'for fh« institution of many things that would be greatly to tbeir advantage, which would cover any additional vnt thRt îP'ght bç dfm.an.ded, ' t r ' s rum ihem for a supprior house in a more eligible litnation. The besetting curse of an ennrmons body af the working population of the country was the habit Df drinking. The sanitary condition, however, of many of the localities and" dwelling.plactB in which they lived, the want of fresh nir, water, and every- thing wholesome and refreshiug to body and mind, was the main cause of the addiction to drink of h und /eds of thousands of the working po- pulation. It waa the du'y of those who were in in dependenceawd power to alleviate those evils by all means within their reach ; and it was the duty of the working men to co-opcrnte with them in removing a state of things so utterly pernicious to themselv« and their children in body and soul. Among the first of their demands should be a cleanly and wholesome honso. If then, they would have a tidy house to retire to after their toil, wi'h everything that could charm an'i honour dotnpstic lifd-if they would have their home their nest, th' ir best rernge and sweetest joy-they mu9t have each of thurn a wife who not only knew her duty, but was a kepper nt home. (Cheers.) They could have no cleanly and happy homes unless their homes were constantly watched by ihe superintending carp, the thrifty supervision, and the deep and nffeo ionate interest of the wives of their bosoms and the mothers of their children. (Cheers.) Ono of the great moral effects arising out of this phy- sical improvement would be that they would havo wives who would be keepera at home;' who would institute within their houses evrry economy; who, by their care of tho childrm, would save them an infinite sum year by ypar in doctors' bills ; and who, above nil, would do that which no system of national education, no system of private teaching, nothing but the superintending caro and eye of the mother, could do-give to her children that solemn, serious parental, domestic moral training, which was the foundation of every practioal virtue here on earth, and which was the seoondaiy and prac- tical instrument and guids on their way to heaven. (Cheers.) No doubt thero were many things which the woiking classes could not do for themselves, but they .must bear in mind that thsre were other things which they could do for themselves, and they must not be looking cn all ocoisions to the law to assist thom. They must not depend upon the law,-they must depend upon their own exertions. (noBr, hear.) The law could not do much, and the law ought not to do much for the working classes. (Hear, hear,) The law ought to go no fun her than remove obstacles and impediments m their way, but tho working classes ought to do everything that they could to avail them- selves of the advantages given theo*, ti turn the in- formation offered them to account, and to co-operate in rendering their town the abode of health. If they did not, all the energies of the authorities and benevolent men would be of no avail, and working- men would remain in the condition in which they were to the end of time. He hoped that the odvice which hod been given would be receive! in the spirit in which it was given. He hoped that in all their pursuits the working classes would never cease their efforts to raise themselves in the scale of sooiety. He cared not how high their aspirations might be. Lst them be aspirations to rule their nativo city- aspirations to take part in the govern- ment of the country. Tho hereditary institutions of the land (said the noble earl, in conclusion) were never so safe as when they were refreshed and strengthened by large importations from the working and the middle classes (cheers) ; and if there is anything that dis- tinguishes the ins'itutions of England, more especially the hereditary part of them, from surrounding nations!, it is that you number now in the House of Lords as many descendants of men who have workod at the plough or the loom ns those who count their descent from the Plantogenets, and quarter upon their arms I know not how many griffins and I know not how many bald-tailed dogs. (Hear, hear.) Then let your aspi- rations ba as high as they may-aspire to everything this world can give. God forbid I should attempt by any word of mine to repress your noble ambition. All I ask is this, that when you arc endeavouring by every effort in your power-by all the development of your moral, physical, and intellectual energy-to raise yourselves and yours in the scale of sooiety in which you were born, of the kingdom of which you are all subjects,-ever bear in mind that this is but a subordinate eff >rt to that far greater, higher, nnd everlasting one before you ; and that, whan you seek to be a great and honoured citizen of this mighty empire you must labour abovo all to attain unto the city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God. (Loud cheers.) The Earl of Cirlisle (who woro the Star and Riband of the Garter) was next called upon by the Chairman, and, the applause with which he was greeted having subsided, hu Baid, We have all been made so much of working men this week that I nm inclined to think that it is time for a little rest-(" Hear," and a laugh) ; and, as I am sure that my noble friend who has just addressed you with such true and earnest feeling thinks it one of the chief glories of his useful and honoured life to have passed the Ten Hours' Bill, I oall to mind that it is more than ten hours ago since I took my seat to hear pipers about schools and prisons, and I, therefore, feel inclined to come before you like an insolvent and Claim " the benefit of theAot." (A laugh.) My reason for not declining to come, as I might have wished, and (to adopt an expression natural to the place where I stand) to have made my exit rather than my entrance, was my desire to show the real respect I feel for the body of tho work- ing classes of the land. (Cheers.) I think that it would be great flattery to any class or anyiet of men to assign to them an exclusive share of those acts and qualities which together make up the staple of our English greatness. (Hear.) We have a generous and manly gentry-(hear)-we have liberal and princely merchants-(hear)-we have a distinguished, literoture, deep thinkers, sparkling waters, graceful poets ; we have eminent men in the learned professions ; and we have the bravest of soldiers and sailors-(hear, hear)-but I still feel that it is the large, deep foun- dation of the working classes which is ever supplying the raw material of this costly fabrio of our wealth, our enterprise, and our fnmo-which is all the time feeding all the other classes, and sending out its shoots and sucketB among them. (Cheers.) And so, whatever may be the lustre of our arms, whatever may be the brilliancy of our genius, whatever may be the enterprise of our capitalists, whatever may be the wealth of our nobles, whatever may be the reverence that surrounds all our institutions, and guards our throne, yet I should not feel easy as to their safety and their permanence if I did not think that there was at the same time beneath them and around them a sound, well disposed, order-loving, working popula- tion. But, gentlemen, if it be true that the working classes hold so important a place, let them bear in mind that their duties arc on a corresponding scale. (Hear, hear ) I have told you how sincere my wi h is to honour those who uphold our frame of society, and secure to me, among others, the many advantages which it gives me. . But while I honour them let them prove themselves worthy ofthat honour. (Hear, hear.) The poet well says nohour and shnmo from no oondition rlio ; and he adds as truly, " Aot well your part, 'tis thoro true honou.- Ho." (Cheers,) - Now, every class and every man in this conntry has his part, which he may act well and gain honour by so doing. You have a'ready heard many to- night, and there are others around me, both among your visitors and among your townsmen, qualified to give you good advice, from platforms, from pulpits, from*lecture rooms, from daily converse and inter- course, by their wise precepts, by their bright example, still, feel more than anything that the chief part to be played in building up your own character, and making out your own destinies, rests with yourselves. I agree with my noble friend that what I should be incliued to say was our besetting fault or crime as a nation is drunkenness ; and what I feel to be the main source of discomfort and unhappiness to ns all as men is the want of contentment, with what we have and \\-»hat we are. (Hear.) Therefore, if I were address- ing" any large body of my countrymen, I should be temp "ted to say,-"As you value your body's health and y°uï mind's peace and your soul's g"ood, be sober." (Cheers.) But if I were speaking to any one of you as man to man, I should be tested to say,-" I do not suspect you, my honest friend, ot any Buch degrading and besotting taste as the love of drink ; but while you do your best to earn your breau" and improve your mind, and to raise yourself in the sea.'« of life-for these, as my noble friend has told you, are' proper and legitimate aims for every one-cast out at «"»nea for ever from your breast the gnawings of envy and'the restlessness of discon- tent." Few of us, I believe, have any notion how much happier we might all be if we would only let ourselves be so. The mind, the imperial mind of man, makes its own atmosphere 5 and life, that great respon sible gift of our Creator, deoides its Dwn history (cheers) ¡-and es I have referred you to the many living oraoles of advice open for your benefit, I will only, in conclusion, cite one dead oracley our great moralist. Dr. Johnson, who has said in nt/ble lines, which have always seemed me to comprise ali philo- sophy, all morality, and all religion : '/ Pour forth thy fervors for a healthful mind I Obedient passions, and a will resigned ' For love,.that ooaree collective man can AU-J I For patience, sopcrslgn o'er transmuted ill I For faith, that nanttnf for a happier seat, ¡ Caus- U:*1U '-&£ àV.urc'« sifaal for retreat. - r 1 r 1 , , I * These gooda He granta, who nothing grants in vain- i Theso goods Ite grants who grants tho power to gain "With these celestial wisdom cairns the mind, I And makes tho happiness »ho does not find." Xoud cheer» ) s Lord Sandon, M.P., also addressed the meeting, in Bul eating on the working men the expediency of co- operating in the objects of the association, since no real advantage could be expected from its labours until the opinion of the working classes had been first taken and their aid secured. To those who might ask what business the Hpper classes had to meddle with matters which perhaps more closely affected the interests of the working classes, his answer was that when the country had put the mark of a title upon Bome man who had exemplified the success of labour in arms, at sea, at the bnr, or in the senata, it was as much as to say " The country knows you haye talents and capacity ; we will acknowledge that capa- city ; but in so doing wo require that you shall conse- crare your life and the life of your descendant«, you shall consecrate the wealth which you have earned to the good of all your countrymen ; that you shall use that leisure ; that you shall use those opportuni- ties of instruction, ol knowledge, wbioh that wealth and that leisure give you, for your fellow-country- men's good." The Chairman then nnnounced that a working man had requested permission to propose a vote of thankR to the noblemen and gentlemen who had addressed them that evening. It was not intended to have passed any resolutions, but as this was quite a spon taneons act on the part of tho working mon in ques- tion, and as it evinced so much good feeling, ho thought thnt they must depart from their original design, and alio ,v the motion to be proposed. (Loud cheers ) Daniel Guy then came forward, and was received with immense cheering by his fellow-workmen. His hard hands and somewhat swart nppparance clearly indicated that he was what he professed to bo-ono of the. sons of daily toil. He spoke with considerable fluency and animation, and in a rather broad Lanca- shire dialect. We give his speech neorly vfrbatim : Brother workmtn,-I am no« one of these Parliament gentlemen, you know, but just ont of the foundry ; so you must excuse mo if I am a little rough. (Cheers.) I thank God for this night. I feel that we, as work- ing men, have a great right-a duty incumbent on us, to give our most hearty and grateful thanks to the five illustrious noblemen who have given to us so much of their services to-night. (Oheers.) There's an old song , among us men something after tho following-"There's | a good time coming." I believe that the day lins done mere than dawn-that it's broad oast twilight, and already the sun begins to light on us in full blare. (Cheers.) When the nobles of the land begin to stoop from their high position to give us of the working classes the hind io elevate and lift us up, I say that the day has more than dawned,-and we have'a good full view of the sun rising in his mighty power. Throughout the whole course of ray life never have I sat and felt such emo- tions arising within my inner man as I have to night. When I hear such men as the noble Lord Shaftea bury telling us, the toiling millions, where our great evils lie, and advising ui to the steps to be taken to remove those evils, I feel grateful and thankful and highly delighted. (Ciieers.) But, my working friends, with all the advice given, with all the counsel offsred, unless we ourselves put our hands to, the plough we shall never be any whit better. The reformation needed to raise and elevate the working ' man is the reformation of the homestead. (Cheers.) Let it begin there ; let every father begin, and let him determine henceforth that his aspirations shall be as high as his noble lordship wishes thnra to be. I thank God in bung an Englishman. (Cheers.) Welland truly has it been said that wa have privileges and benefits such as no other nation in the world possesses ; and I ask my working friends to whom do we owe them? To the band of men, to a great extent, who have spoken from that platform to-night. Do not the early recolleotions of our boyhood bring to mind the names of Brougham, of Russell, of Morpeth, of Grey, of Ashley, and a host of others, and is it not to those men, to a great extent, that we owe the rights and privileges, and the large amount of freedom that we do enjoy ? (Loud cheers.) Now, you know I must not intrude. I must be very brief, and must, make way for greater men. (" No, no !" and cries of " Go on, lad !") But let me advise yon-earnestly let me advisa yon, as one who knows the benefit of taking some of the advice at least that has been given us-let me advise every man, woman, and child, boys and girls too-to follow up the precepts which have been laid down. If we do so, depend upon it we shall hail this night as being the great epoch in our happy lives for the future. (Loud cheers.) I have groat pleasure in proposing " That the best thanks of the meeting be given to the five noblemen who have addrefsed us to-night." And I hope, fellow countrymen, and Liverpool men especially, that to-night you'll give it with all your hearts. Good night, and thank you. (Cheers.) Mr. R. Macfie, a large employer, seconded the mo- tion, which was carried with loud and continued cheering. Lord Brougham acknowledged the compliment, and proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was seconded by Lord J. Russell, and carried unanim- ously. This terminated the proceedings. There was also n aoiris in the evening in the great hall of St. George's Hall, which was very numerously attended. _ I 