POLICE. a OIT? OOUBT. FEIDAT, MAY 28. (Before h¡B Worship the Mayor, and Messrs. Hackett, Cashmore, ' Eades, Long, ' and Pasco.) Ten persons were dealt with for drunken, ness-Benjamin Jones, David Croft, W. B, Ball, William Callaghan, James Madden, John MitchonBon, James Simpson, William Crookford, Sarah M'Dean, and Robert Green. Maximilian Goodman, for drunkenness and indecency, was fined 10s. Mary Anne Godfrey was charged with throw- ing boiling water 'over one Edward Mount. Tho priBoner said she had been insulted b/ the prosecutor while iu the kitchen of the White Hart notoi,",Bourke-atreet. She was remanded for seven days, for tho attendance of the prosecutor, who is at present in the hospital. ; Jane Johnston, charged with uaing obscena language, was fined 20s., or seven days' impri Honrrii nt. Isabella Williamson waa charged with steal- ing nn umbrella from the inside of a shop door, in Bourke street. She was seen in the »ct, bat, notwithstanding, declared that sha had never touched it. Tnu Bench found hoc guilty, and eentenoed her to two months' im- prisonment. Samuel Isaacs and Michael Ward wero charged .with highway robbery. G-eorgo Jeffrey, a gar- de nor, living near Flemington, stated that on Thursday uight, about half-past 12o'olock, he wes coming down Bourke street, by himself, 'oben he wus mut by the prisoners. They pre- tended to know him, ana accosted him. He told them' they were mistaken, and wa* moving away, when Isaacs put his hand into his breast-pocket and took out a suinll pocket book, containing four £1 notee, and throw it to the other pri- soner. Tiny then ran away. Prosecutor purbued, and caught Isaacs in a right of way leading to Little Bourke-street. A policem in carne up nearly at the moment ; nid Waid was caught by a sergeant. (Prie pciket-book was produced and identiued.) 'íhe oviduaco of the constables fully corra I mated that of the prosecutor. When Wari wiib lirst brought to the watch-house 20s. only -,vns found upon him. Isaucs had nothing. Some suspicion iuduced the constables to tinrch Ward again, and between the lining of bis coat and the coat itself, on tho right eldo, hu found turco £l-note3. 'I'he prosecutor cor- rectly described tho pocket-book before it was hiiunn to lura. It hud ueen found-near the spot by Surgoaut Bushell, who hail arrested Ward. The prosecutor identified both prisoners. James Downey, landlord of the Commercial Inn, Little Bourke-street, deposed that about the hour of the alleged robbery the prisoner "V'I ard carno running in at tho beck-door of his piemiees, apparently very much ont of breatti, ni.d asked loi a nobbler of "old tom," whica witness gave him. Ward, in payment, tendered liirn a £1 note, and witness gave bun 1ÖJ. CJ. chauge. As the prisoner wont out, not bung allowed to remain by the land- lord, tim Seiguuut (Bushell), who had been ia pin suit, carno up and arrested him. Tho case ?».ib thoroughly clear against tho prisoaura, who were fully committed for trial. The Mayor complimented the polico on the manner in which they had got up the evi- dence. Anne Hope Thompson, was brought up, on re- mand, chained with disorderly couduut in the street on Wednesday night, and with tb.9 we of disgusting language. Tho prisoner appeared to bo laboring under thu offcct3 of habitual drunUenueBB. Mr, Inspector Nicoli3 statsd that the prisoner kept a orothel ia Stephou-street, and was a most disreputable tburucter, aud a perfect nuisance to the neigh- borhood. Tbo Bench sentenced her lo three months' imprisonment, Mr. Cookman gave notice of appeal, and tho Benoh cousentod to rake- ttvo suietics, respoctnblohoubeholdors, ia tho cum or ¿60 euch. Mary Clayton and Agnes Finnigan were cbuiged with picking pockets. The pro3a cutor, a baker, residing at North Melbourne, Eaid : The two prisoners mot him on the pro tcdlng night, and while ono ot tuorn seized him by thu arm, the other put hor hand ia hiß pocket. He.Buccoedea in knocking them, beth down, and lost nothing. Ho admitted, hu had been drinking. Tho Bench at once diichuigecl the prisoueis. James Joyce, a tall, dirty-looking youth, ia an old rtd jumper, was charged with stealing grese. The constablo found him in Kinir-street, and ho declared that he ha I ¡¿nt nulling with him but acouplo of blaakdüj uud two sblrtu. The constable waa very cuiious, and fonnd out thogeeso, which wen rolled up in tho shirte. The prisoner thou offered tho constable the gooso, provided that be would let bira off, promising not to " split." He waa allowed to see if he could ii id au owner for tho goose, which he deelured hal been given him, and stood remanded till Saturday. WILLIAMSTOWN WATER POLICE COURT. FRIDAY, MAY 28. (Before Lieutenant Crawford, B.N., P.M., and Lieutenant Payne, R.N., J,P ) Mr. George King, master of tho ship Black Swan, appeared to show cause why he would not pay the sum of £G sterling, balance of wages due to Mr. Godfrey Lang, suigeon of that vessel during her passage from England. Tho master attempted to prove înoompatenoy ou the part of the plaintiff, but wits over- ruled hythe Bench, and £0 and costs wora awarded. LOBB LYTTTELTON AND TIID GHOST -Some yeaiB ago I met an old gentleman ut Ewoli, in Surrey, near which ia Pitta place, where his Loidohlpdiod. Ho gave mo tho following ac- count, which ho had from a gontleman who wai in tho house ut the time. This person wai tbo oiganist of a neighboring town, whose tompnny waBmuch courted on acoount of his musical talent, and who was a frequont visitor to his Lordship. Tho story ordinarily told ia this-that he dreamt the ghost of a lady whom ha had seduced appeared to hiai, and predicted his death at 12 ut night on the third day following. My informant's story di/feia only thus far, that the supposed appari- tion was that of the mother of the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart in oonsequonce of her daughter's dis- honor. Lord Lyttclton was at this time in ti very bad btato of health, in oonscquenco of his excesses, and WOB subject to what my inforra nntcalled "suffocating fits"-probably nervous hj oteria. Bo this aa it may, it oppoars on tho day of his death, the foretold third day, hu had a party of friends at Pitt's-place, among whom waa the organiatjwhentc my informant had the account. Ho says that Lyttleton waa in a state of BOHÍO agitation, and had told tho stoiy of the dieam to his fueuds. Aa tha a ight woro ou and midnight approached hid nervouaness increased painfully j and some of hia visitors said, durinprtiia absence,' ' Ly ttel ton will frighten blmeelf into another fit with h>3 foolish gboBt atory," and they determine'' to put a clock which stood in the room forward, and when ho returned to them they Slid, "Hurrah! Lyttclton; 12 o'olock is past; youVa 3 ockeyetl tho ghost. Now the best thing is to fo quietly to bed, and in the morning you will o all right " Ho accordingly went up3tt»irs, and while some of his gilesta were putting on their ooata to depart, hie valet carno down to fetch something-it waa said to get soma mint water, which he was in the habit of taking, leaving his Lordship alone. At tUi3 period tho clock of the pariah church} wilkin, was not far oil, and vhioh, of coursa, could not hnvo been touched, bogan Blowly to peal forth the true midnight hour, The valet proceeded upstaiis, and shortly buist forth into loud exclamations The patty ran up, and found bia Lorclshiplhad fallen dead. My informant's imprtsision ivas, that the sudden revulsion of feeling from a Btati of fancied security to finding himself at the moment in tho very inBtantot tho dreaded danger had caused such a reaction as to bring on tho fits which carried him off. He, no doubt, bad hoard the first stroko ot tho clock aB well aa others down stairs, and aa each suc- cessive blow struck slowly upon the bell the B-nae of danger and the remembrance of tho Dream became greater and gteater.Sand to so weakoned a frame and BO dressed a mind no Jioubt these caused tho catastrophe. It ia not improbablo most ghost stories might he found »o end In a Bimilar natural solution.-Notes end Quería. I 