FEAST OF HUNGRY GHOSTS. Oi Monday I was witness of the straug3 ceremonies observed by the Chinese during tho celebration of n i'llemiity — if a sole.nni'y that be which i- closely allied to farce— 'mown, unless I am mistaken, a3 the ' Feast of Hungry Spirits.' A procesiion sf about one hundred Celestials, iu Indian file, might have been seen .vending their way to tho cemetery, preceded by the bearers of the dainties proviled for the occa sion. Tins most conspicuous of these were three hapless porkers split down the middle, and roasted whole. Round their' tails, snouts, aud ear.-, strips of verniillion paper were twiste 1, aud each defunct grunter bore upon his bick a rooster in a rampant atti tude, but done as ' brown' as the pigs. O.i reaching the centre of the bnrial-grou 1 1 the train halted, the dead animals wore placed in a row on tho grass, aud -several heaps of small cakes were deposited alongside. A nnmber of bowl.s full of rice, with tho accompanying spoons, . were theu aided with duo gravity to th? other dainties,, anl the crowning luxury in the sh ipe of a bottle of old torn coinpbted the preparations for the ban quet. These arrangements effected, and sundry unctuous and loviug glances be-towod by the crowd upon the viands, the assemblage scattered iu all direc tions, and presently oeemad as if thoy were Beized with an irresistible propensity to nod at every object they encountered. Several score of heads aud caps were wagging, like the porcelain figures in a tea-shop, in front of the wooden rails which surrounded the tomb3. The ceremonies performed by each one were alike. The hands, being joined, were swung up anil down three times, then the devotee foil on his knees and per formed the ko-kow thrice, after whioh ho rose and lifted his arms as at first. Iu some instances after this, act of homage the worshipper would light a handful of incense sticks, or a few wiax tapers, and leave them burning before the grave. Others con tented themselves with the cheaper offering of. -soine pieces of yellow paper, arranged in the form af a star, and kc|-t iu that position by being capped with a num her of stones. These preliminary ri es having ended, the crowd returned to the spot whero the provisions were stationed, a guard of honor having been left thero iu the meantime to ward off ths attacks of the jnveuile Bedouins, whom curiosity had attracted to the scene. Tho whole of the Chinese, one after auoth.r, theu went through the same performance iu again mechanically bowing to the pigs, aud so in 3 of them laughing while thoy did so, as if they ware conscious of thq comicality of the whole proceedings. Iftherewcre a spark of devotional feeling in the whole affair it must have been on tho lucus a non Inceiidj principle, 'fiie oerotnonies concluded by spilling some Chinese brandy on the earth, pouring out the old torn, scattering the rice, and discharging several buiidles of crackers. The last operation appoared to excite more interest than any other part of the business, two or three of the spectaturs throwing the fireworks iuto the air aud enj -yiug tho fun amazingly. The porkers were then once more lifted on tho shoulders of the. bearers, the cakes were packed up again, and soon the entire con gregation was marching off to tho camp, headed as be fore by the substantial portion of the edibles. V/ith all his sitperdtitioii, tho Chinannti hns nenno enough to porcoivo that roi.'it iuc;'t is mueli betler adapted to a terrcstial stoinich timn 'a the HpiritiUil digea'ion of his shades. — Otmit'iell'a Creek Qivrapwlint of Mount AlMM&r; Mail, 