(No. 2.1 The Right Beverend the Bishop of Adelaide to the Rev. T. Binney, oa ' The Union of Protestant Evangelical Churches.' Ri«linnffit fiinrf: fV^hflr -i. 1R53 Dear Sir— I send you same thoughts which have occurred to me ou a subject which has often occupied my mind, but more especially since I had tbe pleasure ot formula: Tour acaualntancp. Snch as thev art-, and expressed in the words pretty nearly which came first to hand, I lay them before yoa' in the hope that they will not widen, if they do not bridge, ths gap that separates as ecclesiastically, though I tiust uot spiritually, cor for ever. I remain, Reverend Sir, Yours faithfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bev. T. Binney. PA— I leave Adelaide to-morrow morning on a five weeks' tour, and fear that I shall not have an oppor tunity of bidding you farewell. Bishop's Court, September 23, 1858. Bev. Sir— 1. During our social iutercouroe yesterday at the house of a common friend you were pleased to take notice of a remark which fell bom mo to this effect that we in this colony had the advantage of occupying 'an historic stand-point,*' so to speak, from which we might look, back apou our past social, political, and Church life in England, and, removed from the smoke and noise of the great rat thei-city, might discern through all its greatness somewhat of folly aud meanness of de fec'. and vice, in its halfits and institutions. The survey would not be unprofitable if it should lead as to perceive how we had been blinded by its attractions, so as to be come unconscious of its faults; and so hurried sway by its feelings and associations as to be insensible of the conventional bondags ia which we thsn lived and moved. 2\. It rnurt, I think, be admitted that the clerical mind Is peculiarly stayed by party principles and sectarian prejudices. Withdrawn very much from practical into contemplative ii'e, and valuing abstract troth as tbe basis of all moral obligation and excellence, clergy men are too apt to exaggerate the importance of certain truths which they conscientiously hold, and to treat as essential principles of the doctrine of Christ matters of inferential or traditi:nal authority. I do not suppose that Nonconformist ministers are exempt from thii fail Ing, though it may be fostered in the Establishment at home by the alliance of Church and State. 3\. Be this, however, as It may, both clergymen and ministers may look back with somedegiee of regret that a mid-wall of partition should so have separated kindred souls ; pledged to the same cause, rejoicing in the same hope, and devoted t) tbe same duty of preaching Christ and Him crucified to a dark and fallen world. By the very discomfort, however, of thus 'standing apart' we are thrust rudely back upon the principles in which we have been brought up, and are constrained to put th« question to our consciences, 'Arc you as sure of your ground as true to your convictions ? Are your views so authorita tively scriptural as to put you exclusively ia ihc right ?' And if, after careful review and earnest prayer, itc still feelonabln to quit tho 'old paths,' yet does not this very enquiry dispose us to place a more liberal construc tion on the conduct of others, and to respect their equally stiff adherence to their conscientious convictions? A candid mind will not fail to see that much is to be urged on the other side of the question ; and if with our present lights we had lived hi the time of our fathers, we Bhould not perhaps have been disposed to break up the fellowship of the Reformed Evangelical Catholic Church for nos-essential points, or narrow its communion on matters of Christian expediency rather than Christian obligation. 4\. 1 have thrown these remarks together by way of preface in or Jer to show the court e sf thought into which an Episcopate oi 10 years in this colony has gradually led me. You yourself have given a lresh impetus to such reflections. Your fame as a preacher had preceded you. ' I knew that you would be welcomed by all wbo in your own immediate section of the Evangelical Church take an interest in religion, and by all in our own wbo are admirers of genius and piety, even thongh the echoes of jour King's Weighbouso cermoii had not quite died away. Hundreds I knew would ask them selves, 'Why Bhould I not go and listen to tbe powerful preaching of Air. liinuey ?' Aud when they had heard you reason of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to cjme; of Christ, who He was and what lie did; how He died for our sins and rose again for our jus tification, I felt assured that they would ask again, ' Why is he not invited to preach to us in our churches? What U the barrier which prevents him and other minis ters from joining with our clergy at the Lord's table, aud interchanging fie ministry ef the Word in theirrespective pulpits ? ' Was it any real difference with lespect to the person, olfic, and wort of the Ki Jcemcr, the power of the Spirit of God, or tho lost condition of man without Christ and the Comforter?' 5\. lam truly glal that so considerable a person as yourself shouU by your presence in this colony have forced roe to consider again the question, ' Why I could not invite you to preach to our congregations ;' to re view my position, principles, belicfr, sml prepossessions; more especially as the abseuco o! sectarian prejudice on your part, and tbe ii-es^cce of all that ia social life can conciliate esteem aud admiration, reduce 1 the questLn to its simple ecclesiastical dimensions. 6\. Again and again the thought recurred to me, Talii turn tit utinam notter ettti ! Still I felt that neither tha power of your intellect, nor vigour of your rcasoning.nor mighty eloquence, nor purity of life, nor suavity of mauuerd, nor soundness iu the faith would justify me in departing from thu rule of tbe Church of England ; a tradition of It) centuries which leclarcs your orders ir regular, your mi-sion the offspring of division, and your Church system-I will tut say sclu'sm— but dkhostaty. 7\. But while adhering to this conclusion, I am free to confess that my feelings kick against my judgment; and I am compelled to ask myself is this 'standing apart' to continue tor ever? Is division to pass from functional disease into the structural type of Church o'ganliation ? Are the Lntheran aud Reformed, tbe Presbyterian and Coafrregationalist, tho IUptUt and Wealeyan bjdies to continue separate from the Episcopal communion so long rs the world endureth? Is there no possibility of accommodation, no hone of srmDathv. no veamin? for union.' win no one even ask tne qae.tionr rvone make tbe first move? Must we be content with that poor substitute for apoitolic fellowship in the Gospel, 'Let us agree to differ ;' or an evangelical alliance which, transient and incomplete, betrays n sense of want without satisfying the craving? or are we re duced to the sad conclusion that as there can be no pence with Rome so long as she obscures the truth in Jesus, and lords it over God's heritage, so there arc no com mon terms on which the Evangelical Protestant Cnurches can agree after eliminating errors and evils against which each has felt itself constrained to pro test? Are n3t Churchmen, for example, at this day, jast as ready as you, Itev. Sir, can be, to condemn tbe treat ment of Baxter, Banyan, and Defoe by a Hiirh Church Government? And do no not Independents and Pres byterians readily allow that a Leigli'on or Ken relieve Episcopacy from the olium brought upon it by the severities of a Land or Sharp? 8\. It appears to me that in this colony we aro placed In a peculiarly favourable position for considering our Church relations, because one great rock of offence has been taken out of the way— I mean the connection bs tween Church and State. We can approach the ma'.ters in dispute simply as questions of evangelic truth and Christian expediency. Neither social, nor civil, nor ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to distract our view or irritate onr feelings. There is no Church-rate con flict here 1 I have accordingly seized the opportunity of laying before yeu a few thoughts on the possibility of an outward fellowship as wcil as inward union of the Evangelical Chnrches, with the hope that they may largest enquiry if they lead to no immediate practical results. 9\. The questions I would propose for consideration are— 1st Whether an outward union, supposing no essen tial truth of the Gospel to be compromised, is desirable amongst the Protestant Evangelical Churches? 2nd. What are the principles and conditions on which sueb union shouW be effected ? I sntknlt ny ideas to you with great diffidence, but from the desirn to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to consider how we might powibly serve at one and tbe same altar, walk by the same rule, and preach from the same polpltj the words of this sal vation. 10\. With regard to the first point, I conceive outward union to ba desirable, because it appears to me to be scriptural and apostolic That all the congrc?atious of the Universal Church were subject under Christ to tha twelve ApostUs, and that the decree directed by the Holy Ghost, bat framed by James with Simon Peter, Paul, and Barnabas, and assented to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep, is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible body by St. Paul is evident when he bids tha Coriuthians give offence to neither Jews nor Gentiles, nor the Church of God; and whaterer be the figure under which the Holy Spirit characterizes the body of true believeis in Christ, unity of organized life is the Bubstiatum of the idea; be it vine or olive-tree, iimily or household, citr or kingdom, the body or spouse of Christ, the thought is still the same. What, then, should we think of a family whoso several members inhabiting the same house kept each to his own chamber, and though continually jostling on the common sttirs rarely exchanged a friendly salute and never a visit. Is this family life ? And U it trae Church life to say I am of Peter, and I of Paul, and I or Luther, and I of Knoi, and I of Wesley, and I of Whitfield, and I of the Fathers? Are we not carnal, and speak as men? In the apostolic age there mutt have been outward union of tbe Churches, so far at least as the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacramonts, the profession of a common creed, aud preaching in common the Word of Life ! The spirit of Diotrephes we may hope was rare. 11\. If the odium theologicum be indeed the worst type cf that disease, It might be expected that a real union of the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the Gospel might arrest the prbzress of that maiaay. u w we eirect ot party feeling, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalry and contention. Thus Chrutlan sympathy, which is meant for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or a sect. Oa the other hand: 18\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place the Gospel of Chriat before Jew and Gentle; before Brahmia and Mohammedan ! No subtle Pandit would then point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some, and uncer tainty in all. No Bossnet could enumerate, and perhaps exaggerate, the variations of Protestants, and, unmindful of the. like ia his own communion, claim for the Church of Rome the symbol of Unity as the mark of its being tbe True 'Church. Bat now instead of fighting the Lord's battle as one great army, oar resistance to the Powers of Evi: is like the death struggle of lnkermann ; a series of band-to-hand combats, broken regiments netting in detached parties, never receding indeed, bat incapable of combined effort or mutual support, 13\. It may, however, be urged, on ths other side, that the divisions of the Christian Church are helps to its vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stagnancy and corruption; that riva'ry proraoUs exertion, and exertion results in ex pansion. ret has not the Bible Society attained ita present strength by acting on the opposite principle f » -t no* because all Pio.testants can nnite in fur ttu^b ? catholic, and. because catholic, 14\. The auion I contemplate is not a yoke of snbjee t|on-*n iron rule suppmslve of Individual or sectional thought, aspiration, energy, and action; far otherwise. If the (treat Aposile or the Gentles would prevoke hU brethren after We flesh to jealousy in order to save gome— if he stirred up the Churcuei of Macedonia by the forwardness ef Achaia and reciprocally urged the Achaian Churches to be ready with their contributions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concerninir them— certainly a lovii g zeal striving for the mastery is uot to be cast o-it as unmaet for the Christian common wealth. Unity is compatible with variety, and variety is pregnant ot competition. God has created but one vertebrate type of animal organisms ; but how infinitely diversified are the specific iorms? I know no reason why in our reformed branch of the Catholic Church there might not be particular congregations of the Wes leyan rule, or some other method of internal discipline or usage or form of worship, even as the Society of Ignatius Loyola, or Dominic, or' Francis, exists Jn the bosom of the Roman obedieiice. The seamless coat of the Re deemer was woven from the top throughout. The Roman soldiers said ' Let us not rend it I' Why should enronic disunion do me sjmuui ui .aFungeucai uaris tianity ? I cannot call alliance ualon ; nay, it is faunded on stereotyped separations, \ pass to the jecoad question:— \- 2. What are the principles and conditions on which \- a union of the Protestant Ev&agelical; Churches should be effected? 15\. It must be evident, I should suppose, ajter an ex: peilence of 300 years, that neither the Episcopalian, nor Presbyterian, nor Coagregationalist can reasonably hope ♦ Gtl, T, J0,,w ledlUowj' litersjly, -Btondingl ipwt,' to force upon the Christian vroil 1 his own particular ' system. . Is either ono or the other entitled by the Word of God to exclude from silvarion thoie believers who do not follow the same rule «f Church govemmant ? If, however, submission may not be demanded on the ground of its necessity to salvation, vhm any negotiation for outward nnion'msy nni must pro oasd oa grounds of what is bjst and wisest, mo3t likely to unite, as being esost in accordance wi'h Scripture and apostolic traditiou ! We must lay aside hard words— schism, Church authority, sectarian ism. In the comity of nations de facto Governmnts are recognised and treated with; the question whether they are dejure U left in abeyance. Sj mast it be with respect to any union of the Churches. They must meet together like brethren who have been long estranged, yet retaining the strong affection of early youth ; resolve to forget the subject of their dispute, and walk together in the house of God as friends. It will be unnecessary to ask 'Whieh man did sin— this man or his parents ? ' or to say, ' Thou wast altogether born in sin, and dost, thou teach us ?' or, ' We forbid him, bseaose he followeth, not us.' No ; we must meet in the spirit of godly fear, of mutual respect, with the earnest desire by all right concession to promote God's truth, and ad vanca Christ's kingdom. We must receive one anothsr, but not to doubtful disputations. 16\. A second principle is, ' Whereto we hive attained,' or shall attain; that some rale must be publicly acknow ledged, in that rule we must walk and by h steadfastly abide. I firmly believe with Mr. Maurice, in his 'King- dom of Christ,' that the Church of the apostolic ≥ embraced every principle for which in later times each lection of tbe Christian world has felt it necessary ta contend, even to separation from tha main body of the brethren. But tho Church of the apostolic age, ths true visible model Church, does more. It harmonize* them all; giving to each its due place, its real proportion. Each portion of tha train, obscured, dbtortea, or deniel In the mediae ?al Church, each detail of the outward building of God, has been jealously rescuod from cor ruption or decay by sects or individuals. It remains, perhaps, for this or tbe coming generation to restore the original fabric, and take away whatever is inappropriate, unsightly, or inconvenient. Bat is the spirit cs yet willing ? Alas, I know not. It is certain that the fl«sU is weak. 17\. Let me endewout to state, as accurately as I can, what seems to be the leading idea, the characteristic principle, of each section of the Christian Church : — The Church of Rome, then, contend* lor external unity, founded on one objective creed, in subjection to one visible head of the Church on earth. The Lutheran for justification by faith, antecedent ts and irrespective of works. The Reformed Calvinistie Church upholds the free and sovereign grace of God. The Anglican witnesses Tor a scriptural creed, apostolic orders, aud a settled liturgy. The Presbyterian asserts the authority of the Presby tery, as derived immediately from the Holy Ghost. The Cougregationalist claims unlimited right of pri vate judgment, aud the indepandsnt authority of eaih congTt'gii'.ion, ai a p rfect Churcb, over its Oivn members. The Wesleyan-preachcs spiritual awakening, sensible conversion, and social religious exercises. Tiie Baptist contends for penjnnl religiotB experience previous to admission to the Church. Every one of these principle is sub3tinUally, thousrh not exclusively, true. When tluir mutual rotation are forgotten each becomes exaggerated; tha beiuty of proportion is lost, aad a faulty extreme is made tha Shib boleth of schUm. Is there no analytical process possible, no law of affinity, by whi.h the spiritual mind could precipitate the error, and leave pure and limpid the Gospel Btream ? or remove from the much fiao gold of tho Temple the dross with which it is alloyed? Would there not still remain a scriptural truth, a godly discipline, a settled order, a common altar, a united ministry, a visible union at well as fellowship ia the Spirit ? Might there not still bs variety in uaity, partial diversity of usago, and a regulated latitude of divina worship ? The Episco palian, the Presbyterian, and Cjn--:egationalist might consent to harmonize what they cannot exclusively ca force ; they might surely ': in understanding ba men,' and exercise the great privilege of spiritual men— that is, combine freedom with submission to law, and general erJer with specific distinctions. 18\. But it is time to draw these general remarks to a close, and define w.th somewhat more of precision that Church of the future which is to conciliate all atfrciions and unite all diversities. I scarcely know which to admire most, the pleasantness of the dream, or th'J fond imagination of tha dreamer. Still, let nn speak, though it be ' as a fool.' My object is n A to dic'.ate proceedings, but to suggest considera tion; to provoke enquiry, bat not force cuucLujioiu. And sine; concession ia matters not absolutely essential to salvation or pjsi.ivcly enjoined must b-.- tne basis of ths syslom adop'ed by the varioas Evangelical Church.-s, it m iy bs fairly pat to mo in tbe language of ths proverb —'Physician, heal thyself.' I will b^in, then, with the Charon of England, and will state what it appears to in; can ba given up for the sake of union. 1. A State nominated Episcopate. 2. Compulsory uniformity of diviiie worship. AlreaJy the former has given place in Canada and New Zjiland to on Episcopate freely elected by the Church itself. Ths latter it appears, evea in Eugland, is only required from the clergy in parish churched, but not when preaching in the fields, or streets and lanes of the city. Iu addition, then, to the separation cf Church an 1 Stito iu this colony, aad the absence of the legal itachineiy connected with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the modes of worship teem attainable; and an Episcopate, moderate in its profusions as well as constitutions! in its pro-'ecdingi, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyter;; above all, chosen by the free suu'rages or the united clergy and laity. I believe tho doctrinni articles of tha Church o England and many others amaii? the Thirty-Nine arj allowed on all sides to be scriptual. I conceive, then, tuat a settled form o' sound worth, a deposit of objective faith, would not be deexed a yoke of bondage, but a guiile to truth. I cane ive, also, m order that all might worship with th ; understanding as well as the spirit, that certa n liturgical ou1cc:-, such for instan e as tho Litauy, might form part of ths stated services, bat not to the exclusion of cx:cmpore prayer in connection with the sermon at the discretion of the preacher. Sa aU- in thj adminis tration of the Sacraments and conferring Holy Orders, a portion of the office rnght be fixed mid invariable, and a portion le:t to ministering pastors. These points biing settled, the trial, nomination, institution, or designation of pastors, the dissolution of their connection with ttusir flock or removal, their mode of payment, ths internal dUcinline of tho congregation iver their members aud officers, are details which miy ?veil be left for after regulation ; if indeed there U really muh or any injurious difference at present exbtiag in these matters. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection mast be largely shed abroad before such & system as hero spoksn of cin possibly be iu mgurated. ttven i f tluu ;ht feasibh for the future, how cm it ba mada to Wk--. retrospective effect? How can we, who are de facto miuhters, and think ourselve3 to be de jure sn, besides being pledged to our respective sy3t!ms, tliro.v ourselves out of the one to enter apo:i ths other? Let us search the Seriptuws for guidance. The beloved disctpU was uuirusted to write by tha Holy Spirit to the 6Qven angels of the luven Churches of Asia, and Titus waa left by St. Paul in Cruto to ordain elder* in every city as he hid appointed him. Bat besides these later exertions of apostolic authority, we Qnd Uaraaba3and Saul separated by tho Holy - ihaat to a special inuaion throj^h the laying on of hands and prayers of the prophets and teachers of the Chutch at Antiocb.SimsoiuN'iger, Lucius of Cyrene, and Jlaiurn. Assuming the existing ministen of ths eeveral denomi nations to be recognised as d$ ju re by th=ir congregations and defttclo as such by this A'igHcil Caurch, might not ths Bishops of tha latter, supposing tho baforc- raeiitioned terms of union were agreed upou to tike effect pro spectively, give the rigiit liaud of fellowship to them, that they should go to their uvm iheks, and mission aUo as preachers to the Anglican congregations, whau invited by the piatora of the several Ciurches? If tha licence of tho BUhop can authorize even lay readers and prcichcrs, how much more m:n like yourself sopirated to the work of God, elo-ia«nt and mighty iu the Scrip tures! Iudeed, Ida not I'e.-l sure thu I should have violated any ecclesiastical law in forca in this diocese or province, by inviting you to give a word of exhirtatioa to each of our congregations.* In this way, then, or mission without compromise, but on declared a$3ent to certah fixel principles and truths, existing ministers might co-operate with us in the preaching of tho Gojpul, and uuder the benign in flaenoa of this brotherly love a Reformed Catholic Church might grow up and, like the rod of Aaron, swallow up our siotarian differences. 20\. I have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, which has been sagge3teJ (like conditional baptisna where irregularity ia tha administration may hi saj pected), because it favours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agreeable to Christian simplicity auJ due reverence for God's ordinances. Neither have I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Wesleyon Superintenlcn'j and Presbyterian, Moderators, or those who, like yourself, seem sealed alike by nature and tho Spirit to b } special overseers in tha Ciiuruk of God. Missiaas, ai preachers to our congregations, without imposing the obligations incident to the incum bants and curates of Churches, but not until full evidence had been given before Iicen.-o of soundness ia tbe faith, would seem to mejt tin exigencies of the case so far a- regards the present generation of minister* who have received Presbyterian orders. Having attained to this step, perhap3 Gad would re veal to us a yet more excellent way. Old systems have, in fact, been found wanting. Which of the Churches now existing is so perfect, so scriptural, so apoitolic, as to ensure instant acquiescence from the enquirer to the exclusion and'coude.iaaatiou of all others ? If there be none, will all the learning and eloquence andTtraditioaal authority devoted to the support of ezch pe»uide the present or future generations to substitute another for that in which they have been brought up? A fe* may perhaps be convinced or converted, but the massed never. A fresh combination mast therefore be sought ; traditional prejudices must be set aside; cherished asso ciations laid upon the altar oi love, to rise, like au.go! neiseugers, in me mme oi sacriuce, iu puier uuu iumer ipirituality - Oh for that millennial reign of peace vh%n a Chalmers or a Camming, a Binney or a Watson, night serve at one altar and plead from one pulpit with :he Bishops ani clergy of tha Church, of England I It i3 the cause of God and Chriat, of tru-h and holiness, of righteousness aad peaci1, of futh and duty, of gruco and salvation, of ma a delivered and Satin bound, of God alone sxalted ou that day, and reigning on Mount Siou glo riously. Then might the fulness of the Gentiles coma iu, then Israel be restored, than Babylou overthrown, and that regenerated stata of this fallen world be made manifest tor which Jehovah reserved the last great display of His providential love — the union in the God Man of tho Manhood with Hmjelf. I remain, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AfJuUSTOS ADELAIDE. ? Canon 51 of tha Provinoa of Canterbury, i_b. 1803-1, requires 'conformity as a sine qua non to preaching in the parish churches of England.' I do not know that it is binding in colonial diooe»e). It shows that persons were licensed to preach who were not disposed to take upon themselves all the obligations cf tbe parish priest under the Establishment. 