BRITISH EXTRACTS. THE SCENE IS THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. The lively and talented correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, whose singularly humorous, interesting, and well informed letters, are generally known and much admired, gives an admirable sketch of the scene in the House of Commons during the debate on the Conspiracy 33511, which terminated the oinciai existence m iiuru i-aimur ston. The following is an abbreviation : — Palmerston was in a frenzy for the first time in his parliamentary life last night, or at least shammed ths lunacy so well that it would take a battalion of mad doctors to have traced the diagnosis to a detection of the simulation. And enough ho had to drive him delirious. The po sition of Aetajon while being devoured by his own dogs was a flea-bite compared to the badgering he went through. The more he suffered, and the more he showed it, the fiercer were the yells, the more unbounded the delight, of the omniverous pack that fell upon him. Such a scene has never been witnessed in this generation at all events ; and probably Barry's new houses will be as old as AVestminster Abbey is at pspsent, before they hold such another ? It was not till a short timo (towards midnight) before he rose that the thought of his sitting down an extinct minister seemed )»p enter any body's head as a possibility ; bat, ere five minutes elapsed, that .possibility became probability ; and, ere anUth&r; five were over, the probability almost deepened into cortainty. The enormous majority of 145 the previous night on the India Bill, only about 50 being calculated upon, seemed to con solidate his dictatorship beyond reach of design or chance, save dea.th itself. . .. . The faintest notion of his defeat seemed as illusory as the Urquhartine tableau vivant, or rather mouvant , of the chopper and block on Tower Hill. Still, the idea was canvassed by speculative loungers about the lobbies, but only just as one would muse on the abolition of the national debt', compression of crinoline, dividend from the Thames Tunnel, or some hallucinating something of that sort. Just about this time, mayhap, Hayter would be seen hurrying into the library. Bless us ! lias lie seen the ghost of Coppock, and has that per turbed spirit been upbraiding him with indiscretion? What can be the matter with the Right Honorable Goodenough? Observe? the dejected haviour of his visage, like C. Ivean's in Hamlet. He puts not the forefinger of his fat hand to the side of that most knowing nose of his ; neither looketli he sideways, nor at his toes, nor over his shoulder ; but straight ahead, point blank, yea, very blank, and excited withal. . . . The quietude of the Opposition freezes the miserable Taper with misgivings he knows not what. No scouts, no touts, scour the vicinage for the enemy ; but this he interprets as a sign of conscious strength ; and he shivers in his skin, or rather in his parch ment, for his cuticle is already of dried sheep. . But hark to the cheering. Singular sounds. Not from Treasury Bench come such percussion ary plaudits — there is heart in them, and that's what Hayter abhors, for it is a bore, and gives trouble, and prevents business being put upon an understandable footing at once. Again ; louder ; yet louder still. What can it mean ? Gladstone is up ! aud lo, as the boa constrictive of phrase ology is coiling round his ' noble friend,' the joints of the latter creak, and members shout satisfaction at the articulation. Pause knows lie none ; on and still on 'piles he high the barbed period, easy and earnest, beautiful and almost sublime, but never approaching to the other rtep. He draws near the close, and then makes that solcmu appeal that thrills every hearer — how that the world of mind has been rolling back upon its axis these ten years past, and what profanity it would be if England were now, in this supreme hour of freedom's travail, to aid in the crabward work. A hurricane of ' hears' sweep the area, like the rushing of the wings of the rock, in Sin bad's valley of diamonds, as the glittering gems of rhetoric flashed around, and the sparkling speaker sat down. Up. rose, not a rock, but a rook, a raven, yea, a bat, Bethel, to wit ; but his uprising Was a signal for the resumption and prolongation of the acclamations poured upon the preceding orator. . . . , Bethel proved twice too tnuch. He showed the Conspiracy Bill was ready before any one thought of clutching suspected con spirators ; and succeeded only in demonstrating that he would be twice as clever if only half as cunning. Disraeli soon demolished him ; and rose upon his ruins to infinite favour wi:h the house. He, too, stripped to his Work, and went to it without disguise. ' Begin, murderer, leave thy damnable faces, and bsgin and so he did. How far his mind was in the matter, how far com plicity with tlie middle-aged mountebank of the. Tuileiies and the patriarchal conjuror of Cambridge House may have exercised a mental reservation in the ?' honor among thieves' ethics, is best known to himself. But, to all appearance, he seemed to feel that, as one of the trio over the way was tottering, it would be only a piece of Christian charity — begging his pardon for applying a baptismal adjective to his Hebraic pronoun — to give him the coup de grace, in the manner of his fellow Tyrian, in the Crusaders, who cried accipe hoc, as he presented the object of his attentions with six inches of cold steel in the stomach. He ? — that is the gentleman who speaks daggers, not the one who uses them — delivered a twenty minutes' address in his best serious style ; and ?when it became perfectly clear that he meant to vote for the amendment, and equally clear the reception of his intention by those about him, it was felt the 'hour had struck,' as Kossuth says, and that the betrayer of Kossuth was about to meet his doom. And how did he meet it ? Like himself — de- fiant as Bothwell when the sword of Balfour of Burley had transfixed him : — ' believing nothing, hoping nothing, and fearing nothing.' The comic old gentlemen was decidely tragic, or at least melodramatic now — Surrey melo-dama, hovering between bathos and burlesque. He began in a fee-faw-fum strain ; but it was palpable at a glance ?that the bottle holder had ceased to be judicious ; was groggy ; struck wildly, and drew no blood' He first fell upon Milner Gibson apropos of the charge of inconsistency against himself, and tried to retort with a Billingsgate tu quoque ; but it was quite a miss, and was felt, and shown to be felt to be so ; Gibson having given up place when he re signed principle ; Palmerston carrying any princi ple to any place, and this not once, but a dozen times over. A growl of derison broke forth all round — the first that had ever met his ears. He sprung as if stung by a nest of torpedoes, glared in dignant, not with the sneering scorn of Lord John, when Bouverie and the round robin rebels revolted against the last of the Whigs, but with the air of a bully. The time for this sort of thing, however, had passed away. ' Go, make your bondsmen tremble,' seemed to be the shibboleth of the self emancipated serfs, as they laughed at their deposed Czar, for it was from the Liberals chiefly, especi ally those below the gangway, the derisive cachi nation came. What Palmerston laughed at ! — the wolf bearded by the sheep, the cat belled by the rats. Even so. Indescribable grew the conster nation, as the news flew through the building, provoking incredulity and stupefaction as though the Thames had taken fire, and was bringing the structure down with that which should put the flames out. The more he went on the worse he got, and the worse he got, the better the use his contumacious tormentors made of their advantage. Again, and again, and again he repeated the charge of Gibson's foreign predilections at the expense of England and of liberty, and again and again was there a roar of contemptuous scoffing at the peurile slander. The uproar went on cres cendo, amidst a chaotic chorus of oil's, all's, ball's, hugh's, question, groans, and zoological eructa tions, of all sorts, which Mr Recorder Warren no doubt considers a practical plagiarism from the famous scene of the same sort in Ten Thousand a Year. The Premier had ' o'erdone Termagant,' and from the bellowing of a bull of Bashan, and the the posturizing of a gladiator [not a dying onel, he dwindled down to a lamb-like bleat, and most Turvydrop deportment. Procumbit lixtmi bos might be said as lie dropped into his seat, after the failure of his Tipperary tactics, his Dounybrook fair diplomacy ; and nothing re mained but to register the decree that should expel the antique Adam from the Eden of White hall after 50 years' tenure of the Paradise of place. The question was then put for the Government motion, and the Palmerstonians whooped 'aye' as harmoniously as could be expected from gentlemen with the rattle in the throat. When the turn of the Gibsonite came, a broadside of ' noes ' went off that caused Speaker Denison to jump in his chair with all the alacrity which the thought of a general election and a possible possessor of his presidential chair may be supposed to inspire. ' The ayes to the right and the noes to the left,' he cried ; and off the positives and negatives proceeded to the poll. . . . The time glass on the clerks table had been turned down, and the electric bells set tinkling, summoning the great jury of the nation to say shall England be England still — the ' in violate isle of the brave and free ' — or be made an apanage of the imperial Gaul, through the instru mentality of our own Brummagem Brennus. The sand ran out, and the bells ran down, and the doors banged to, and the silence of the tomb reigned whilst the grave work of the undertakers went on at a funeral pace indeed, for it seemed as if it never would come to an end ; every minute appearing an hour. At last the tops of the returning column began to be perceptible, and the main bodies flocked in each side of the Speaker's chair, the most intense eagerness to know the result being exhibited by the throng of strangers, illustrious and otherwise, pressing to the focus. Presently Gibson and Bright stepped into the house, taking precedence of Hayter and Brand. To the initiated eye half a glance told all that this movement im plied. Ere the tellers could tell a word the ex ultant shout of the majority had proclaimed that the Exe had retraced its course, that Old Old Hats would cover the head of the Temple officially no more ; and that the Caius Gracchus of Rowcliffe would never again have to ask Civis Romanus of Tiverton what Ministry will he join next, for he will never join another, though he may disjoin several. When the numbers were proclaimed in the usual form at the table, the cheering was reiterated over and over once more, aud still another time, and another after that, and then it begau afresh. It wasn't merely the majority; that was much. But there was more. The majority was brought about by Gibson, and, in tutively seeing success, Gibson associated Bright with him. And there stood these two men triumphant in the area from which it had been hoped they were- for ever expelled by artifices worthy only of that which they now stigmatised and chastised. What a spectacle for Manchester, with one of its dumb ' ghouls ' looking lugubriously on ; fit emblem of the pocket borough of the Minister's to which Cottonpolis had been degraded by its clique of Little Peddlington in triguers sweltering in mortified vanity because Bright and Gibson appraised them at their worth. And where was Cobden ? Every one felt he should be there too. But there was better than he — far better. Who? Akroyd, who turned him out on the China fraud, and got in as a puffer of its author, and yet has been obliged to assist in branding him as author also of the greatest in dignity any Englishman had inflicted on England since a British sovereign and cabinet were stipendary tools of a foreign sovereign. The Unadorned well knows that Akroyd's testimony to this fact is worth a thousand Cobdens in such a case, though in any other it would take a thousand Akroyds to make half a Cobden. The supreme bitterness in the Premier's cup is that it should have been presented by Bright, who, of all men, he most abominates ; for he alone has pronounced him to be what last night's vote affirms ; he had said that he was to the upper and middle classes what Feargus O'Connor was to the lower, and the very reverse in every respect of what he had succeeded in palming himself off as. Bright had not spoken in the debate; and so far the Minister escaped what none but Bright could . administer. But to have been teller makes up f for the taciturnity with interest, and the occurrence must put some singular cogitations in the head of tl-e bishop-making disbeliever in original sin, 