THE RING IN OLD EWftT.Aivnv V!!i^!F J'KT'IVKKX TOM H I VK«i* »Tvm, S'i'' «*IW«R (A I.I AH KUW J Alttil (Abridgod from JleWnLife in London of .rn-- inn. v Novor has it boon our lot to elm niclo nn nt»ompt tn deprive n, ohampion orhiB rightful honours wl io 1, lm» beon bo signally umuioo.wful in the puny oflbrt wliinb was mao-oV Broomo'a Novice on Tu Ssday Ct to wrost from the gallant Sayera the valuable bolt which ho U holds, an! hM yet to dofwd agaiuat U ooCe« f« tw oud a lmlf yen.™ before it can become hi8 own ? nr,n — m»T with truth add, nnvor have wo boon «0 enm^ .*.' nonVlussod in our effort* to rondor n bnttlo int', i' to'tto'publio as on tho prcsont occasion. '?re»iui{ 8 It will bo reooHpctcd that shortly aftor tl,e ,f.---.-. tttd Tiliton Slashor in llio Iiist summor, Unrrv 7,l0a' of ocooinpaiiiodby his Novico.:oam6 to Jour offL '^e. doposit waiirtakod, winch Sayors was cilled ,,'n'm a \covorforthwieh,or forfeit all tifclo to liis distinct ll° rocontly gftincd ot tho ' knuokloB'poiut' Tom , ,?? M ?loth, loat no tiinoiu complying with tho ronuplt V''? bold challenger, articlos wero qu ckJy drawn un i ?' anucablo mannor, and wo nay at ouca state tint V *a firetf to last,, tho matoh, nB far us the principal, I™'1 .oon ooncomod, has been carried ont in a,' ''? friendly apirit. Shortly aftor tho nrtides wOro ,,?** tho Novico started on a spamngtour, in commnv , ?.,' 'Harry Br -omo, »ud wo bobovo had no ro.iinn to of his experiment. Tom Say.; r,-, also paid %,-„. /'Pent raoit of tho provincial Bporting towns, oxliibi-in™, J° brilliant trophy, and ovoryAvhero bon,g welcomed 1 mol» ' Ab tho tinio for tho encountbr opproaohod Mnh began to turn his attention raoro BoriouBlv to .?' f »f before him, ond B ?ntamin in particular, under tl ,0 »_? , anco 'of Harry Broomo, did ovorylhinB that W-tt rienda could desire to rondor lnmsolf p1iy«icallv n « the chooiintjr, and wo do not think wo over siw » „ Or moro: thoroujhly up t j the mark than l10 ,v*Bm^ 'sayore, owing to some unoxpocted law proc^lin-, concerning his family wai not ahlo ao soon Io 'cvof» himsolf to work, but when ho did begin, 80,no fi'°™ BixwcoVn back, ho did not do thing, byl»Wc. ' what1 with hard work, soa- batlnnir. kc, ho contrived t« nppoir nt tho forat h in oxoc lont form tho only fa,,|i £ be fniind with him boing that if aiythingllo w^K toofloshy. ' . Boforo proceodins fnrthor with our narrate, Wo mxv - for tho information of our road-rs, sta'o tliat Bin nZ' amin'BTeal n*mo ia Williani Bainqo. t'.»t l10 w,^lc» about eight miloa from Northlo.ich, hi: fa^u Uhv vory rrapoitablo, and cmployod in nsrnculturnl puraait* Ho statea himself to bo twontv-nino yoara of aio but f ram hia apnoaxAiT-o wo nhonld judio him to bo 'five or bix years older. Ho is a civil, cooi-t'tnp'rcd man with a bright oloa' K'ov oyo, a d a pleasing oxpre«iOn. Hi. hsight wns Dft. l^Jin., his weight about 12)1, and his Ronoral appearance tint of a powrful, nclivo folio* Ho never had fonght in tho P. R. provious to TucsdV' and. as far as wo oinloarn. hid had no pxpTionco ovoa in thoso casual frays whioh aomotimo i'lduoo men t0 ?betaki thomsolvps to a fistio' owoor. !ln fao', the only po33iblo ground f r his attempting to adopt pugiliim m a means of livolih ort appears to b ' -Hint Ui had tome peculiar notions of hia own as to tho theory of atU& and defonco. How far ho was abhtq put'his tlicorr into prnctioo will bo som in thoaoiubl. Tlio rantili with Sayera was not tho first id .which \\\\-s hvlsisned ortiolea, though it was tbo first which brought him within tho Mpoa and stak's. Somo oighko»n monthi ba'kli9 was matcbod with Bandoff tho TurooVtte: for £15 ; aaido, but tho laktor fleemB to hav% Bbnitik from the con teat, aa In forfeitod at tho aecond deposit. Benjunim 11\. n« lin It.A n^ttiKl nf ATp Tlinlinn. nf TtOTIfl bfpnnf hhJ jtbor friends, retumed to tho country, thosi gcn'lcmen uaurinc him that ho was too old to oommonca a puRuirt's life.with any clianoo of arriving at di-t:nction, ntv\ well would it havo been for him and thoss who lncVed him, had ho adhofodBtriotly to theadvioo thus disinterestedly givon him. ? ' ... Tom Savors,. ns ovory one knowB, ia a nativoofPim lico, Brighton ; was born in 1825; troichi lOat lib ; and stands jnBt over Bft 8in i- lioiRht. His fistic ratter will bo found in Fitliana His' lait important fijils wcro with Aaron Jonoa nnd tho Tipt in Slashor, both of whim be dofeated in n manly npr'ght manner, and without roaortini to that dropp ng pystom now so com mon in tho pugU'Btio hemliphoro. Ho took his oxoroito first at Brigliton, and finished in tho neighbourhood of Tunbridgc Wollp, . . For somo timo a'tortho match was mado all kinds of rumours got abroad with resp'ct thoroto. Many wrn'd bo knowing ones ropresontcd Honiamin to bo a perfect wonder, and, moroovor, a man thoroughly acquainted with tho art. both praotioally anl thoorotica'ly. More thin ono porson told us in enfidrnco that it w« the Bold Bendigo himsolf, under n now (h puerre; otheii said it was Ioaton (alias Flesh) of Dud'oy ; and in fact wo scarcely know who ho was not, according otha roports of nil thoso sages. Sayora had boon tho favonrito at about 2 to 1. bnl, on Monday ovening, at .Swift's, tho c»ubo of Bcni»min recoived a fillip— one gentloman presont offering tolut an ovon pony on Benjamin to nnvono who wonlil Blind half ft dozen of rhamp'gio; his offer was st onc« ncccptod ; and ho in tho oourso of the'ovoning laid five additional ponies on ths same tornis. This bnldnets and confldonco nf courso mado somo of tho layors of oddi on Snyars look bluo, nrrl thoy refused t-- bot moro Una 5 to 4, but it Etiikc3 us ns quito possiblo this sum wa - invostod as a Inst effort to ma'co Tom tho non-favour'l«, or else tho lnyor must hivo boon b - wsidnous in his lib* tions to Bacchus ai entirely to for(ret his prudonce, for if ho really wijhed to back Ban jamin thero wero plenty of persons willing to bot him 16 any amount at fl to 4. Th1! arraremonts a* to the fixture for Tiiocdav beinR . ontrustol to Mr. J. Gideon on tho part of Sayors, »nd to Fred. Broomo for tho Novico, thefo commisaionen kiok ovorv poEBimg stop so f ccuro a Huiect aau iiui' wui panj, nmi to piuvttnt any annoyanoo from thoPTOen that ' would' bo. At firrt a Bpoc'ml train was nocidod upon, but insuperable obBtaclo3 boing raised at tho l«t . moment to tho intended sceno of notion, it wns found necessary to ohingo tho vonuo, and tho «poci»l. iniit*»d of proceeding in tho direction of a well- known battlo-ncld aome 80 milca from London, was diverted in another direction, and conveyed its pns»onc!Cr3 to a spot whero thoy at onco embarkod on board a vcbso! which had been provided for tho purposo, nu I wo-o thus convoyoJ in comfort anl with celerity to ano'hor tilting t»rounil not unknown to fama— bjini;. in fact tho scone of more th-n one viofory on tho part of Tom Sayera. So artmiraMo woro tho nrrangnmontfl both in London and nt tho pier that all were safely ombntkod by hnlf-pnBt nine, and eo high was tho figuro for conveyance thoro and hack, thai the roughB woro ono and all oxoludod, ami indooil imnj other porsonB who gonerally contrive to bo prment, wb» compollid to button up thoir 'clics' in deBpair, »nd mako up thoir minds to stay nway. Tho conaoquonce of this wns that tho company was most select — not oxued ing 200 persons, tho mon, thoir friends, and the ring constab'o3 included. It was a piorcinnly cold morning, hours boforo daylight, this also had Bomo offoct in thin ning the attendance. As soon ns tho special pasBongors had embnrkod, the offico was givon to the combatants, who had posted to the rendozvouBintho early morning, to ropairon board; and tho summons boing oboved, n start wns offectod be foro ten o'clock, and tho trystinjj placo wns reached shortly aftor oloyon o'clock, and -v^ith unusual celerity a good ring was pitehod. It was not offocted, however, until the oompanv hnd boon considerably nufrinontod by fomo porsona who camo down by n passongcr boat, having got wind of tho matter on tho ovontful morning. InBpeotor Billy Duncan nnd his assislnnts oxorte^ them aolvoa manfully in clearing tho ring, doing thoir duty throughout tho vory short onconnter in n praisoworthy mannor ; nnd we aro glad to bo able to Btalo that wo did not porooivo a singlo caso of intoxication anionR them. Although the attondnnco was so limited, £10 17s. 6U waa roalinod by tho salo of tioketa, n aum which yeiy nearly aufflced to romunorato nil tho conatnblcs engaged. It presented, hqwever, n lamontnblo falling off ns com pared with other champion fightB, nt which tho rocoipU havo boon nt least four timoa as giroat. About half-past twelvo tho Champion mado his »p poaranco nt tho ring sido/ nnd modcatly droppotj _lu« onstor within tho rbpos, following it immediately him self, nttmidod by Bill Hayojand Harry Brunton. Uo was hnilod with loud ohoore frcm nil sidoa. Bill Don jamln wns oloso upon his heels, nnd Bteppcd into the circlo unilor tho caro of Harry Broomo and Jomtny Mnsjoy. Thoro was n fmilo upon tho fnoo of oioh man ; hut wo fancied that of Sayors was n smile of gonutno con fidence, whi'o tlint of hisonponont had aomowhat of a norvous twist about it. Thoy Bhook hands good nu mourcdly, tossed for oornorj, Sa'ora proving tho winner, nnd then nt onco commoucod pooling to tho bittor from nnd soulh-oastorly broozo. Tho coloura, n noat lTcncli Brov for Sayors, mid bluo nnd whito spots for Benjamin, woro now tiod to tho stake*, tho usual proliinmarici were quickly fottlod, nnd nt fonrtoen minutes to twolve 'timo' was called. Tho bettiucr round tho ring *» vory sight, 2 to 1 boing froely offered, but takora wore soaroo at anything under C to 2. _ THE nOHT. , , Uound 1. Wlion tho mon appoarod at Jha scratcii, which thoy did in tho midst of porfoot bIIoiioo, thoro was » visiblo oontrast in thoir physioal powers. Tho Novieo stood woll ovor Sayorn, his muflcles woro larger ana hotter dovolopoil. and nltogother ho lookod, m no oil doubtodly wns, tho moro poworful man. His nttituao nt first was good, and led ono to supposo ho had stumou under n good montor. His condition wns porfoot, thoro no', boing n suporfluous ounoo nbout him. Tom looKca rathor floshy about tha ohost and shouldors, buMn »u«n woathor it was porhniis n fault on tho right Bido. n» nttitudo wns tho Bamo as ovor— oonl, calm, nnd cpllootoa. Ho eyed his adversary with atondinosB, nnd thoro wjb tho samn unin'fltnkeablo glnnco of oonfidonco always to bo goon on his must. Ho had ovidently mado up'' mind to lot tho Novioo mako tho fttst movo, W«l «»c' sovornl dodges to draw him out. Tho Novico, althougn ovidontly nervous, Bparred and feintod liko nu accom plished boxor for n briof period, and at longth triod bis loft, but Tom Btoppod bun with nonchalance, --»' r0' turnod nuiokly with tho loft on tbo nozzlo, nnd then on tho mnrk n shari) oraok. Tlio Novico stood hia i groimu. and now sucocodod in Btopplnic Tom twico, and return inu, but vory BllKhtly, on tliochook. Tom noxt (tohverca bis loft nnd right nt close qiinrtors on tho ohook anil jaw. and tho Novico dropped. Ilo was oonvoyod to his comer, and tho look of dismay upou bis counteiwito aa no glancod around wns porfcoily ludloroua. It was nt onw patent to nil Hint ho know nothing of tho busmesa lio bnd undortnkou, nnd that tho contoatwas virtually over, for direotly his guard was brokon through ho nppcaroi to havo no rcsourcos. Ho could not two hia logs, »'''''' nrms flow about liko tho fnila of n windmill, bo tlmt imu waa nblo to put in both hnnda porfcotly ftt his oaso. - » celerity with whloh ho brought hia right into play «''* oarly in Iho fight waa rotnarkablo. , .,, 2 Tlio Novico did not smilo an ho waa wont to Binile, but soomod to bo on tho look-out for a placo ot «cc ur rotroat. Tom worked quiotly up, lod off with his ic». nnd was atoppod, but the Novioo missod his roturn. Tom then poppod, hU loft Tory hoavily on tho gou, llKiJJISnir bis opponent cloan off hiB pins, and filling liin llSlKttl-tr'ap with ruby. .'. Tho Novice lay ns if rmdccidod SllfiPjfSccond, and then, turning ovor, got gradually, on SK^gu, midliia seconds took him to ilia corn r. Ho' nPwSrliis nut sovcraltimcfl, and appeared cxtromoly WaSsllnirous of encountering anothor of Tom's . hoavy UrSSKbut, on timo being callbd, Harry Broomo pushod ??isiitfionvard, nnd ho went roluotantly to, tho scratch; ^SttSniyi in diagUBt having doclinsd to havo any more to *H»S*8ayors,' ovidontly bent on making- short work of f^Jjife quickly wont to work, left and right. Benjamin mfffMito rally with him, but beyond an aooidontal touch ;|!ss, Up, did 'ot reach him. Tom planted hoavily on -SsSsSiouth nim JftW- drawing moro ruby, and down wont IwSovico, all abroad. Ho lay in tho middle of tho pfeKaira aml nothing could porsundo him to como to gffi,' Broomo thon throw up tho spongo, and Tom SfiMflfts was onco again proolaimod tho eonquoror, and ft'SuKhampion, in *?'* '»''«'« -'«* -* ''«V. tho baltlo— if JpSlBo it can' bo called whoro it was all ono way— being *HSsSno9t Woodless wo ovor witnessed. Tho Novice, on llfcSlfiit asked to account for hin cutting up so badly, ®MdSho wns '''' 'v0Or hard in tho mark in tho iPflrjF round, and not oxpocting to bo hit. there, vSsfejind mado him very fliok and incapable of ox 'msg&e; himself. Furthor than that ho know not. iKfiJ'.eaBy dofeat struck dismay into all his f rionds, and SWijilook of Biirpriso and contempt caBt upon him by tlaTBSDiy Mnssoy waB a study for an artiat. Both men at WZffiS loft tho Bold of notion, and repaired on board tho SnStt whom thoy loBt no timo in resuming their warm MPiwMMi and taking othor moans to infuso a littlo of that' fsSloric into thoir systems which had been substracted jffitKetofrom during their briof oxposure to the outward 3gpd£s soon as possible after thoir dopirturo, tho rin' -':'W»i cleared, and Nat Langham'B Black Diamond and ;llV6ung Sullivan peeled to havo a Bliy for a £5 nolo. Tho Rfefttlo which was of a bustling inorry description, how ISiWr, was put an ond to after a fow rounds by tho un W'tmhad appoarMici of tho blues, who, fortunately nr rfiwwd too late to Btop hostilities, during tho important SsSoniest of tho day. All had now to wado almost kneo-doop SSjifniud to tho small boat* destined to convoy them on ; -j-6»nl tho vesse', and tho embarkation boing othorwiso fsjjftly effected, tho ' bobbies' and wild fowl woro left 'J-io-disputo tho ownership of tho soil botwoon thorn, but 5jffwE-tIior tho raw lobsters or their feathered frionda first ?-jiviestcd tho soil wo havo not yet ascertained. Tho 'few's head was immediately turned homewards, and \;'lrith excellent management, all woro ablo to roach tho '''aSlropolis by four o'clock. j'pS* REMARKS. ,-???:;'. ^'fSjW'o question whothor it is not an insult to tho undor .^atanding of our rcadors to offer any remarks upon tins ;i;-ringu!ar oxliibilion of incapacity upon tho part of tho i^vauld-bo champion. Of Tom Sayers wo havo nothing t-jjngro to eay than that ho did what ho was callod upon i';-tojdo with tho utmost vonc/uilance, and that ho por ''.iformed his tn«k even easier than ho had all along antici /jmfcil. The Novico did not exhibit a single point which ?^?wmld entitlo him to bo called oven an . outsider.' JjTirqm tho timo that ho was foiled in his vory first movo, ^Jiij'caiinot bo said to havo ovon ' triad.'/ All his scneos Steamed to liavo left him, and as far as wo wero ablo 'ito|judgo, tho only predominant thought in his mind %{Mb* how to eicapo from tho dilemma in which he had Sfbeto placed, with tho least damngo to himsolf. Doubt rotten ho was hit vory heavily, but still he had not rocoivod gferen half enough to justify him in crying 'a go,'' St'id lie meant winning at all hazards. That ho must 3f«yjSntunlly have been beaten by such a man aB Sayers, Starring an acci lent, is a positive cortainty, and that ho jpTexercisod a sound discretion in not submitting to furthor Bpttnishmont is equally truo ; but that ho lias done more Jfihau heap ridicule upon himsolf and thoso who brought ftilm out, by his miserablo performance, is a proposition Snot to bo hnznrdod for a moment. How suoh a judge of infighting as Harry Broomo could havo raado the mistako I 'lie did wo cannot understand, but tho task of bringing I 'tint a candidate for tho oharapionship onco undertaken I Wa man of his known 'talont,' it iB easy to undor ' itand how tho publio woro inducbd to como forward and i take tho long odds offered on Sayers. Among tho do ' oeivod was tho ronownod Jommy Massoy, who, liking 0 the appoarance of tho man, and boing led on by tho ro Sjports of Harry Broomo aB to his man's clevornesa and SduttonouB qualities, took the odds of. 2 tol'toa con ( ilderablo amount. ' ? \ SSS^o havo received soveral lottcrs on tho subject of 1 Benjamin, saying ho never luoant winning, and one cor i iwpondont informs us that ho partook of a hoarty meal y iSdt vory long boforo ho went ashorj to fight. Whothor f flus is truo or not wo cannot Bay ; but of this jj K4 fool confident that, whothor ho meant winnin ? or no, Spf could not lave a ghost of a ehanco against Tom Sowers, or against many a mnoh smaller opponent with SjOnly half Tom'a pretensions to sciono . In conclusion, ®»p liavo only to say that tho wholo affair was carried out iJMjpni first to last in a quiot nnd orderly way, ond thoro ^jM no fault to find with the partisans of oithor man for i,«3»«hor unseemly languago or noisy demonstrations. All SfjHjat was required to render it a niodot fight was a littlo jffinoro devil and resolution on tho part of tho losor. As g£ijfiglit for tho championship it was noithor moro nor jjyteti tlian a signal failure. 