MR. WARNER'S BENEFIT. As wo predioted, the people of Melbourne camo for ward heartily on Saturday evening to show their appre ciation of the talent and private worth of Mr Henry Kiel Warner. That gentleman has now besn some ytara boforo the Melbourne public, and as tho represen tative of the legitimate drama, has no compeer. During the present season at the Princess's, he has done much in the assist in the successful representation of the many pieces of first-rate merit which have been placed on the stage of that house ; to his able support also many of the other actors owe Bome of their laurels. fPha Afiaaan ftmiAAnlimm nnrl Mian Piwvnaf would not have appeared to so much advantage had they not had the leading charaoter bo ably filled.' .We repeat that among the many able and deserving artistes who have sustained the reputation of the Princess's, there aro none who would better claim tbe notice and fqvor of the publio than Mr Warner. The theatre was . well filled in every part — a fact which speaks volumes when tlio attraction of the Wizard at the ether house is considered. The performances were under the patronage of the various Cricket Clubs, and of the Garrick Club, two members of whioh, Mr Lynch and Mr Ireland, took part in theperformance. The play chosen was 'Hamlet,' and thero appeared to be only one opinion of Mr Warner's rondering of tho charaoter of the noble Dane, it was a masterpiece, Mr Warner was called before the ourtaln twice during the performance. He was fairly supported, Mr Pawoett playing a very good Laertes, and JUr Graham, and Miss Herbert ably play ing the King and Queen. Of Mr Ireland's amateur impersonation of the Ghost, we cannot apeak too highly. His tall, well-proportioned figure and deep sonorous voioe together with his excellent mako-up, imparUd something jsioro than usually scpuichral to the itnper-' sonation. We wish we could say as much for Mr Lynche's Horatio. Despite his splendid costume, in common honesty, we are bound to say, that his attempt was a miserable failure. Miss Greon played Orphclia vory prettily,, but we should liko to have seen Miss Provost come forward on this occasion. The perform ances olosed with the ' Dancing Barber,' in which Mr J. P. Hydes performed. 