_M i mug. REDAN.-Clarke's, or the Great Redan Massey claim, is turning out pretty well, and is the only claim now in the deep ground on the whole lead. Immense have been the difficulties surmounted in the way of water, rock, and driving, but there appears to be some chance of remuneration atlast. A reach of paying ground of Borne fifty feet in width, with a deposit of aurife rous soil varying from one to three feet, and yet not supposed by many to be the actual gutter, is not significant of insolvency ; and we hope die ground *iU tum ont all it is e^«^ to yi^d, The week before last tfae«j^V#Ä «oon^df £21 per mK^^t^é^aia^ week £5 only vw^^¡^^^gm weare .informed tofeiverí-ímá^^MB^f, "staff being run Ihiâùj^.^ average is confidently anticipated by .llrercompany. - - .~;~~r-..7 r/.ïTrrrrîrrïr The United Mine« íkinpany wffl be: the next 'to reach " the gutter. They have also-had, as bas «very party in the îwe^their ftdUftaft & ofistacled to ! overcome ; the rock being plentifully supplied with the old enemy. They haye managed to reef however^ and-^/nwj in a good way'with a drivefor the deep grouñdjWhére they hope to land in a few days now. The Golden Gate Company are in a fix with water ; a " more than ordinary share appearing to have iaUept jlpîtheix kk. Whether they are* hopelessly swamped or or destined speedily to overcome the difficulty remains to be seen. The Great Extended Company have had a "mishap with their puddling and are now busily setting to work to .re pair the damage. This company adopted a new fashioned plan,of pud dling, employing double bolted timber in lien of thé ordinary puddling mate rials.1*' It' ée^m^ j&ówever,* ,ÉKat either the timber or the' clay beneath bas given way and the. nshaft iswswamped. The remedy proposed is to*Sink down to the second rock and'puddle pp upon it as a foundation. The Red Lion and Perseverance Boring Companies have long since given up the ghost, and are to be found only in the books of the sur veyor. The great depth, the difficul ties and expenses of proving the ground, and the anticipated junction with the Golden Point, have all com bined to induce abandonment on the part of the companies in question. What Mr Gabriell! and the Mining Board may effect for such companies by capital and legislation is as yef wrapped up in the mysterious future. IÍTKJERMAJÍN_As will be Been bj the subjoined letter which we hava received from the Secretary of the Allied Army Company, the furtbei revelations anent the gutter in thii line are in the highest degree encou raging. We give the letter entire at a model of intelligent brevity, showing that the writer not only knew his owe business but the exigencies of news paper circumstances. The document speaks for itself, and will be read wit! interest by every one interested ir mining generally, and in the luker mann in particular. ALLIED. ARMY COMPANY. (To the Mining Reporter of the Star.) SIB,-I beg ta inform yon that we hav struck wash dirt in our lower shaft ii Drummond street, between 500 and 600 fee from the shaft, by all appearance better thai the upper shal t. We hope in two weekf time to have underground communic&tioi; between the two shafts. As the question c bringing capital un the Gold Fields is bein] discussed, I beg to inform you the cost c both shafts before the finding of gold. Th' company commenced operations on the lit August, 1857. Struck gold on the Uti February, 1858. Thu cost of both shaft during that time, including 12 and 13 hors power engines, £3,800. There are 10 working shareholders. We wash six nu chines per week :: washed as high as 126 oz and as low as 15 oz.; average 34 oz. eac machine. The gold is coarse, occasional! 9 and 10 oz. pieces. The divisions are weeklj working shareholders receive the divisio every Monday at two o'clock, sleepin shareholders on Tuesday morning at te o'clock. The company bind themselves r< sponsible for all sleeping interests Shoul the above information lie of any service 1 you for your morning report you are we come to it. I am, Sir, Yours, &c;, GEORGE WATSON, Secretary. The state of things in the otb« claims in the deep ground* is reporte to us as very encouraging, and gen« rally the lead is in good feather. Th Great Northern, Rough and Read; Freehold, Ophir, Independent, Haj hazard, are all swelling the returt from the putter south of the Crow lands portion of the lead ; while bac on the older poition of the line tl Crown, Homeward Bound, the Germa Company, the Ballarat Company, an the original parties away up the gull; are plodding on steadily with re mun« rative results in the main. DEAD HOKSE.-There are no gutt< findings to report yet in this live! locality, but news of the deep grout is looked for now every day. Tl well-known difficulties of workii have operated to retard the mo: rapid development of the line in tl deeper portions of the ground ; ar there is little doubt that in a few dal now, one at least of the compani will be in the gutter. A drive is w« in, and is expected to reach the hop« for goal immediately, when we tra the results will tend to relieve tl dull character hitherto given to th neighborhood. The Buninyong Telegraph repot the following : CHRISTENING A. QCARTZ EEEF.-^A S-aïh novel «cene occurred on-Friday ?vre%kJ8tit! christening of a quarti reef, situate betwe the Main Road and the Magpie. A fe friends haring gatheied at the prospecto: claim, Mr Lockhart christened the reef I throwing a bottle of grog down the sha when all the parties present sat down ai enjoyed themselves. The name given w the "Scandinavian Quartz Reef." We e informed that the prospectors obtained frc six pounds of quartz 2 oz. 6 dwts. of gol and that they have hundreds of specime by them, with gold attached to some to t amount of a quarter and half an ounce. T reef is marked off from the Chinama] through Frenchman's, White Horse, a past the Terrible, to within two miles Ballarat. 