I I .' ON THE ACROPOLIS. ¡ . I .' Bï BAYARD TAYLOR. ., I . : ( , ; Athens, January 1,1858. ¡Our first Atheninn day was bright and fair, arid what wo saw during a walk to the temple of: Jupiter Olympus was entirely sufficient.tb remove the; chill'impression of, the previous ?night. 1 There aro few towns of ; its size in the world' as'lively'as Athens. Wo saw almost the worst of, it on .entering from thePirreuB. All the northern portion, -which ¡is newer, is;very sub- stantially built, and bas a comfortable air of growth arid improvement. As half tho popula- tion may bo said to live, but of doors, the prin- cipal streets aro always. thronged, and - the gor- geous raiment of the dandy palikars brightons rind adorns them amazingly. It is not tho Orient, by á great deal; yet it is farremoved fr o iii. tho"soberness of Europe.! Indeed, the, people hëro speak of Europe as a continent outside of Greece. Neither' is Athens particularly Greek, with its'Frenen ' fashions and German architecture. It is simply gay, bizarre, fantas- tic-a salad in which many heterogeneous sub- stances combine to form a palatable whole. I foresee that I shall find it an agreeablo place of residence. ; ' . . , , ' I found one old friend hore-François, the false Janissary, tho intrepid guido, tho armed "con- fronter of robbers and'tho: enthusiastic spouter of Homer, whose mingled wit, activity, intelli- gence and ferocity have boon described at length by the Countess do Gasparin, the 1 Bey/ Dr. Strauss, and your humble servant. : Tho J day after; our arrival, his Albanian noso and ; for ni i dable mustache entered my-room,'followed' by himself.and his voice of1 surprise and welcome.' Tho.consequence is,' ho is booked as ¡the fu- ture companion bf our Hellenio journeys, and to-morrow wo-go-tb take-up!our quarters in hisMiouse. Through him, I procured fromPit takys, the Conservator of Antiquities, a tinker, nf admission to the Acropolis, and wo deter- mined to devote' the next day» to our first visit. ' '? ' ? \\\ ': . -'t';' ; Fortunatety-^-as sb much of 'ono's satis; fiction depends on tho luck of his first impres- sion-the day was a gift from hoaven ; not a wind blowing,-¿ot a cloud floating, and so warm that;wo .'throw',, open all, pur windows. HymottuSj Corydalus! and Parnés melted into vapory purple, in tho distance, but the nearer hills sh'orie clear-against tho - bluest of Grecian skies. Fran obis paine at noon to ac- company, us. All Athens was in ¡tho streets, and tho crimson jackets and clean white fus tanellas of tho palikars sparkled far and near through tho dismal, throng of Frank dresses. Wo passed'down Hermos-streot to tho outskirts, bf the city, in order first to visit tho Temple of Theseus. This edifico; tho best-preserved of all änciont temples, stands on a triound at , tho foot of tho Areopagus, on its Avostom side over- looking part of the modern city. Its outer colonnado of Doric pillars, tinted with a rich golden stain, is'entire; the pella is for tho most part so, and little but the roof is wanting. It is small, but very beautiful, and with such a background !-the olivo grovos of the Academy, Colonos and Parries. Our way was through tho depression bo tween tho Areopagus and tho Pnyx, but Frangois took us aside to show us tho smooth v»pky slant on the Nymphoon, down which tho sterile dames of Athens were wont to slide, in order to romovo. their misfortune. Tho prognant women also performed tho samo ceremony, it is said, in order to ascertain tho sex of. tlie unborn child, through tho in- clination of tho body to the right or loft. It is an exposed steep plane of native rock, with a rough spat at .the top; polished very thoroughly by,tho action of so¡ much expectant maternity.' F; seated himself and slid down, in order to show us how tho aot was performed, affirming that tho-bollof still exists, and that many of the Athenian women of the present day continuo tho practice. At last wo had climbed tho bare surface of tho hill, and stood before tho ancient ontranco pf tho Acropolis-a sloping pylon, now closed by a wooden grating. .An arched way'through a Vonotian wall on tho right admitted us to a sort of ruinous terrace, overlooking tho theatre of Horodes Attieus, which has recently boen excavated down to tho floor of tho arena, and now shows its semi-circular tiers of seats, ¡up to tho topmost gallery. Hero wo stood directly under the south-western oornor of the wall of tho Acropolis, over tho shouldor of which, Uko an ivory wodgo In a field of lapis- lázuli, gleamed a oornor of tho podlmont of tho Porthonon; Who could stand looking down Into a theatre of tho time of Hadrian, whon tho .Periolosian temple of Pallas Athone beckoned to him from tho sky. ' ' ' Wo turned back, climbed a little further, en- tered a gato way, exhibitod pur tiokpt (a month's permission .tot visit tho Acropolis),, and then passod through another wall tb tho broad marblo ' stalrcaso' 'loading , dlrootly up, to tho Propylpn. of .tho Aoropölls,- This stalronso has Koori cleared of the rubbish of sixteen centurie thojdlslodged stones have been partially r. placed, lind the work of restoration is gradual] and carefully progressing, so thut in tho coiirc of timo tho. ancient entrance will bo al mo reconstructed. - On tho right hand, tho ste) for pedestrians remain in their original pos tion, and in tho centro aro fragments of tho ii dined.plane, roughened by parallel grooves, fe tho <eet of horses and the. wheels of chariot Abovo us, tenderly enshrined in tho blue ai roso tho beautiful Doric pillars of the Propyloi bereft of capital, and architrave, but scarce! nooding such a crown to perfect their exquisii symmetry. "You aro now going up tho same step where,Pericles walked," said Francois.' No only Pericles, but the curled Alcibiades, ' th serone Plato, tho unshaken Socrates, the divin Phidias, Sophocles-and /Eschylus, Horodotu and ; Themistocles, and-r-but, why mentió names, 'when tho full sunshine of that in mortal ora streams upon. our. .pathway ? - An what is it to mo that they have walked where, now walk? Lot mo not bo wheedled out of m comfortable; indifference by the-rhyhraic riuf. ing of such names. The traveller comes, her expecting to bo impressed by tho .association .of the spot, and by a strong effort h'o succeed in impressing himself. Repeat tho samo náthe for him. elsewhere, and,. he..\yill produce th same effect. 'But ¡for mo, I am hardener against conventional sentiment ; I have' seo: too much to be easily moved ; ; I can resist th magic of ancient; memories, no matter' hoi classic ' What is it to mo. that Pericles . walke, up these steps-that the gilded robes of Aspasii swept up th eso Pontolican 'slabs-that Phidin saw tho limbs of à god in the air or Sophocle chhnted a> chorus as he. walked,? They wer mení and i am a man, too;-probably in man; respects'a's good as they. 1 Had I.lived, in thei time, : I should-no, doubt have looked üpoi them ¡ without > the , least awe - havo slappe. théin on'the back,'and invited them to dinnei Now why.should their, ghosts shako , mo 'witl weak jemotion! .and rob nie bf, my cbbljudg ment? No :, I.shall-bo indifferent.:. iSo'meditatirig.^Dîwalkod up the steps.. Whet we reached the first range of pillars stretcher, across the stairway, and carno upon the l.eyc of the abutments whioh project on either hand we stopped. On tho orid^of the right toma stands tho'f little templo. bf Nike /?Jpteroa, o Wingless Victory,: which, has boen recovered 'pi.eie'by» piece* and reerected, in, its originó form. ' Opposite to: it is a massive squan pedestal, twenty feet high,'on which onco stood according tb antiquarian';, surmise, .oquestriat statues of the sons of (Xenophon. Tho Huh tomplpr is a jewel of.) a structure not half ' so-.. large; as thnt of Vosto at Rome and consists Sonly of a celia ,-witl four Ionic columns at each end., Never thelèss, it lightens wonderfully tho heavy masspi of masonry against, which it 8tands,'and thong! neither in the' lines of its erection, nor in anj other important respect, harmonizing with th« colonnades of the Propylon, I dofy any i one tc show wherein it does not harmonise with the general impression produced by- this majestic front.:: I restrained my impatience a while, tc view it, and was well repaid by. the sight of the bas-relief of Victory untying her sandals, tho conjectured work of Phidias. , ' The pillared portal, one. colonnade.rising above an other, as the rock ascends, no.w recoivod its. '.'.Capitals,andi architraves are gone, oxcopt those of tho last rank, and huge blocks of the superb-marble lie heaped in the passages be- tween, the. columns. / Beautiful as these are, lightly as their tapering stems rise against the blue vault, the impression created by the Pro pylon is cheerful ¿nd olovating. Aud' when you turn, .looking, down .through the '. fluted vista* over the Areopagus, over tho long plain of the Cephisus, shimmering silverly ; with the Mi'.«, W"""- ~f a~?:?'?*--J-J> -.*»- r Daphne and the blue bills of Salamis, you feel ¡ no longer the desolation of ruin, but inhalé, with quiet enjoyment, tho perfect harmony ,pf the picture. , '? '' ! v ; Tho ; Propylon still forriis, a portal which divides two worlds., You'.'leave moderninncl medieval associations behind. you, and aro alonó with tho past. Over, tho ramparts of tho Acropolis, you see no moro of the mountains or tho distant iEgoah islands than tho oldest Greek-large outlines,- simple tints, arid no object distinct enough to toll whether it bo now or old.Tho last of, tho portnls is passed ; you aro on tho summit,, alono with tho Purthonon. You need no point ing finger : your oyo turns, .instinctively^ to whoro it stands. Over heaps bf ruin, over a plain ' buriod under hugo frag- ments of hewn and sculptured marble-drums of'pillars," pedostals, capitals, cornicos, friezes, triglypho and sunken panel-work-a wilderness I of mutilated Art-it rises between you and tho I sky, which forms its, only background, arid ngainst which every, -scar left by tho infidol generations shows ils gash. Broken down to tho earth in tho middle," like a ship which has struck and, parted, with tho roof, cornicos ! and , ; friezes mostly gone, and not a column unmutilatod ; and jot with tho tawny gold of two thousand yonrs staining its once spotless ? marble, sparkling with snow-whito marks of shot and shell, and with its soaring pillars imbedded in tho dark bluo other (and hero tho sky seems blue only becauso they need such a background), you doubt for a moment whether the melancholy of its ruin, or tho porfoct and majestic loveliness' which shines through that ruin, is most power- ful. I did not stop to solve this doubt. Once having looked upon tho Parihonon, it was im- possible to look otherwhere, and I drow neater nnd nearer, finding a narrow lano through tho ¡chaos of fragmonts piled almost as high as' my hoad, until l stood below tho western front.., 1 looked up at tho Doric shnfts, colossal tis bo? fitted tho shrino of a.goddess, yet tender and graceful as flowor-stonos, upholding without effort tho massive ontablaturo and tho Bhattovod pediment, in ono cornor of which two torsos, alono remain of all tho children of Phidias, and -to my confusion I must confess it-nil my finó resolves woro forgotten. I was soizod with an overpowering mixturo of that purest nnd loftiest admiration which is almost tho satno thing ns love, nnd of unmitigated grief" and indignation. Well-constdor nú a fool if you Uko-but, had I boon alono, I should havo cast myself prone upon tho marble pavomont, nnd oxhaustod, in somo hysterical way, tho violonco of Ulis unoxpootod pnssiori. As it wa», I ro mainod grimly silont,, not '.'.von turing to speak, oxcopt when François, pointing to tho despoiled pediment, said: "All tho other statuas wero carried away by Lord Elgin." D-n' Lord Elgin !' ,1 exclaimed; anti I.do not rep ont mo of tho profanity. " This once, I do not ohjoot to your using suoh n shocking word," said tho woman at my side..,"" ."' '".'", , , . , . Wo ascended tho stops , tb; tho floor of tho templo, walked over its barron .pavomont past ¿ " . . . .i . . : ? , the spot where. stood tho . statue.of ivory and gold, past the traces of hideous Byzanlino fros coos, to tho con tro, where the walls and colon- nades on either hand ?' aro levelled to the very floor, and sat down in the marble chairs bf'tho ancient priests, to contemplate tho wreck in silonco. Oh, unutterable ^sorrow !-for all, the ages to como can never restore the glory which has hero been destroyed. Yo may smile, ? ye yet unshaken columns, secure in your immor- tality of beauty, but yo cannot take away tho - weight of -'that-reproach uttered by your fallon brethren. Man built them, man ruiued them, but he can no moro.rocreuto thom than he can rebegot tho child whioh ho has lost. In their perfect symmetry was solved tho enigma of that harmony which is tho very .being of God and tho ; operation pf his laws. These blocks of sunny marble were piled upon each .' other to tlie chorus of the samo song which the seasons sing in their ordered round, and ¡ tho planets in .their balanced orbits. The , cheerful; gods aro dethroned ;. the rhy thmic pul- sations bf that jubilant religion which inspired this immortal work havejdicd away, and Earth will never see another Parthenon. , f \- j The air was perfectly! still, the sky calm as summer ' overhead; ' and, as'-1'wo'sat in ; the . marble chairs, we- looked out" byer the ruins' .' and ' :the 1 parapet bf tho Acropolis, . to - tho purplé hills of Pentelicusi. and; Pames :in**. tlie north and -west,"and; to 'tho iEgean '.. Sea1, flashing'io.tlie sunshine like'a pavement. o r ? silver bet\yeen'tho;sh'ores' of Attica arid iEgina, - Poros and Hydra, in tlie' distance. Tho gio rious landscaper bathed in all beautiful tints, and 'filling'th'e horizon with'sw'èUing-curves and , long, vanishing outlines, wore that soothod and tranquil air which a day of, .Summer,; fulling , ^ suddenly in the lap of; Winter, always brings with it. But thero was no solace for me in tho sunny repose bf1 the Grecian world below. I , sat in a temple dedicated to Eternal Sorrow .So beautiful, if Sorrow had not rondo . ' i - Sorrow mornboautiful.than Beauty's self arid a grief, in which there was no particle bf selfishness, overcame me. Is it egotism to [ mention these things? Or con I toll you what tlie' Parthenon yet is better than by confessing how it impressed rae ? If you want feet and yards7 cubic measure," history and architectural ; technicalities, you. shall! havo thom-but not ' td-day. Lot mo indulge rivy sacred fury I ¡ After awhile, Biaisttà desperately lit a cigar, saying, I must^jprre something betsveen my teeth, or - liS%hall - break them with sb much grinding. ' ; would level every., cathedral in " "Europe; " except the ,Duorao at Milan to restore this." So, almost, would I. ' 'For ;this' is, the true temple of divinity. ; Its-perfect beauty, is the expression bf love and joy^suclvas never yet dwelt in tho groined arches of Gothic aisles, or the painted .domes of Roman worship. "But Euskin says ; that Grecian architecture is ^theistic," whispers a noophyto of the fashionable school. Then 1 tell Ruskin, who is so sagacious" in some things, sp capricious in others, ' that, in endea- ' ' vouring to say something terse and telling, he ,: hns simply been absurd. : I will not say a word against the solemnities bf Gothic art, which he V declares to be the only religious form of archi- : tecture ;' butil ask, is there no joy, no,cheer fulness, no comfort, no hopeful inspiration, in ', our religion ?If there is,; God has no better temple on earth than the Parthenon. . , , Atheistic? Provo it, and youiglorify Athe- ism.- You may toko models of the Parthenon; at home, -you! may take drawings and photo- graphs, arid build up any super-transcondentaL theory out. of such materials. Then come > here, stand in the midst of its. ruin,! listen to tlie august voice which yot speaks from these sunburnt marbles, and unless you be one of those narrow souls who would bota- nize upon his mothor's grave, you will fall down upon your knees and repent of ' your Tl"though*all these thoughts, and a thousand more, whilo sitting in tho marble chair, front- ing the vacant pavement of tho sanctuary of Pallas Athone. ¡I did not caro : for the do-; throned 'Pallas, ;nor her . dead¡ worshipers ; I thought not of myself nor any race, of Greeks or Americans; of .100,B. 0., or 1857 A.D. I \yas possessed with-tho spirit of tho glorious tomple around and above mo. And tho rclloc- , tioncaroo, involuntarily: Aro not tlie triumphs of human art the sublimest praises of Him who croated tho humau mind ? What conceptions bf a Deity guided the hand, which daubed yon- der barbarous frescoes, and that which raised these perfect pillars ? What ancient or modern Saint.daro3 to sneer at Heathen G rocco, whore: Socrates - spake, and Phidias chisollod, und Ictinus built, glorifying God', through tho glory of man, for all time to como? Wo walked slowly away, and looked down from tho northern rampart upon mudorn Athens, tho wholo of which- lay spread out bonéath our feet.- It was a depressing-I had almost said disgusting-sight. A company of dirty Greeks wore gambling in tho street at tho foot of tho Acropolis ; tho bells wore ringing in tho churches, and somo boarded priests, with candles, in, their hauds, were chunting nasally and'dismally, in slow procession ; still further, shabby fiacres moving to and fro, slovenly ; soldiers in German uniforms, country pooplo with ladon asses, arid beggars by tho wayside. Tho King's palace shono bald anil broad at tho foot of Mount Lycubottus, and tho now portion of tho city, with its square German IIOUHCS, stretched scatteringly away ovor tho brown swells, until tho oyo passed it to rest, relieved, on tho olivo orchurds of Colonos and tho far blub gorges of Mount Parnos. Wo went through and around tho Ei eehthcton (which I shall describo anothor limo), ¡md Iben slowly picked our way through lim wiltlcrnuss of ruin to the Propylon again. But, ns I de- scended the steps of tho Acropolis, I t eniom boi'od who lind walked there-not IVrides, nor Pinto, nor /Eschylus, nor Domosihenos--but Ictinus, tho builder, and Phidias, tho wjulptur of tho Parthenon. li. T. ANECDOTE OF Gnoitan HT.-After thc King's minti lind bern, mo o wraith, and when its nitivo strength could bu Iraayd only bytho" raathod of madness," Loni Fi. would , sometimes describo it, iiflor be bod huon nt thu Qneon'rt Council. Thu following id Mn itistnnoe ol' this, of willi li 1 retain a porfootly olcnr rroolh olio» : - It wit* ngivrd (he relutetl) tlint if any strong fen urn of tho K'tig's malady appeared during tho nroienoo of the O.unieil, S r II. Halford should, 'on receiving u Blinni from int», nu. tlcavotir to reonll him from hin nberinlljim ¡ muí, nucnnl. ingly; when his ¡Mijcsly nppenred to hi- iiildrcMng him. MJ.1I.IO two of the persons whom ho mont fiivourud hi his curly Ufr, long dead, Sir ll. 0:1m i vi.d, " Ymir aiej'iHty linn, I buUovo, forgotten Hint- mid-both tlli'd nmny yenrs ne,o." " True," wan tho rp) ly, «' died tn you nnd to the world in pjt>narnl, hut not in mr, Y.u, Slr II,, nre forgetting thnt I hnvo tho favour of holding Inter ooitrm.' with those whom you onll demi. Yen, Slr fl, lt.," euullnueit hej assuming n lichter mnniinr, .' il ls in vain, ns far ns I nm concerned, thnt jon bill ymir imtlciilw. Yes, Dr. n.iillie-but tlnillia-llnilllc," pur» u.<d lu', with runowi d ginv'ty,. " I don't luiow. IU« U un niiniuinist, he dissects'hil pntients ¡ nnd then it ? wntiWl mil lin n r^Sllsnttiillrin milt«. Imf n rii.iirnn.Hnn. uml lim-. I llili.1t. ta beyond my poner." -Loni OampheW» Lives oj tho Chan I ccUori. \ _ \\- .'. , ... 