NEW sourH WALES. We have advices from this colony ■ to j the 27th ult. ! The Wonga Wonga has brought us i two days later news from Sydoey. The execution of Wilkes, for the j murder of his wife and children, was j fixed for yesterday morning; but the j justice of the sentence is strongly ques [ tioned by the " Empire. " \ Parliamentary business since our jast advices was unimportant; and the same maybe said of the general intelligence ! contained in the two days' papers* The complaints from the conntry ' distrits, /with respect to the Chinese, were daily becoming more serious, and the Empire even suggests the probability of its being considered advisible to adopt measures^to exclude that class of foreigners, the Bathurst Free Press has the following on the subject:— Ope Chinese Population. —Week by week our social position becomes more strongly marked by the Chinese element, which is constantly receiving ireah assessious by new arrivals from the metroplis and Victorian diggings. During the last six months we have I become a wonderfully changed people, taken as a whole, and certainly very unlike our former selves. There have been times in the course of the week now closing, when our streets presented a much more Chinese than English ap. pearance- Scarcely a day pas3es, but large parties of celestials are seen pass' ing through the town, in long lines, with their luggage, cooking uten sils, and household goods, slung before and behind, at ihe two ends of a long pole. On Tuesday, a train of nearly a quarter of a mile long, slid up George street, in the style peculiar to them, ap parently making for the King's Plains or Caloola diggins, and considerable numbers appear to be settling about the town, many finding their way into do* mestic service. After fa protracted resi dence, the Chinese readily adopt English dress, and, to a certain extent, English habits, and, we do not deny, become useful servants, but that they therefore imbibe English ideas and principles, | it would be mere nonsense to assert, j Whether desirable or no, we are, as a ' community, becoming partially Chinese, and the dreadful amalgamation of the races which we have frequently for sh .dowed, has already commenced. Several marriages with European females have already taken place, and we hear 1 of one or two more on the tapis. The question therefore remains for decision 1 whether this amalgamation shall be encouraged by a continuance of unre stricted Chinese immigration. Upon some of our diggings the population is almost exclusively celestial, whiist upon others they form the great majority of the population ; and in process of time, if their immigration continue unchecked j our thowns and villages will be in the same position. The time is fast ap* propelling, therefore, when the Chinese question will force itself upon the atten. tion£of the people of this colony. The Bathurst Times is more special in its charges. It says :— A few days since, a Chinaman was sent into Bathurst fromTuron, charged jeith having robbed a body of his countrymen in the following manner A. few weeks since, this worthy scion of the Celestial stock was entrusted by a number of his countrymen with a large quantity of gold,and a considerable sum of money, to expend in Sydney in the purchase of stores, tools, etc. Prom nothing being heard of the gentleman for some time, his friends grew uneasy, and accordingly took measures to bring him back to the Turon. On his being brought back; in answer to the enquiries aato what he had done with the money, he stated that he had been robbed near Penrith. This explanation not being deemed quite satisfactory, he was delivered into the custody of the pro.* per authorities. The fellow thus finding that his story was not believed, and that he was in rather a serioua plight, thought it advisable to make a clean breast of it, and confessed that the tale of the lobbery was a fabrication ; and that he had buried the gold and money in the earth somewhere near Penrith. He was then eent into Bat hurst in company with an interpreter, and both have since been despatched, in the custody of a trooper, to Penrith, for the purpose of pointing out the spot in which the treasure was deposited. Rape.—On Tuesday morning last two men named Poynton and Butler, accompanied by a black fellow who is well known by the soubriquet of Tommy, called at the hut of a shepherd named Mines, near Oaloola, and after lighting'their pipes, left for the Long Swamp, when they were going to carry on splitting operations. About half-an hour after they left, the blackfellow re tnmed, and asked the woman who was in the hut for her money. This being denied him, the fellow ransacked the place, and took a ring from the woman's finger. This being done, he dragged her out into the bush, where he sub jected her to the most barbarous and degrading indignities. After dstain, ing her there for nearly four hours, hearing the sheep-bells in her husband'® approach, and the fellow decamped. The woman, who is nearly seventy years of age, was so completely exhaust ed and weakened from the treatment she received, that it took her the whole night to reach Mr. Larnach's house, a distance of only tour miles. Owing to domestic sickness, Mr Larnach was unable to bring the information to Bathurst till Saturday, when Lawrence, Mr Finnerty and Billy, the black trooper, accom panied him to the spot. Immedia tely son their reaching Caloola, they seperated into two parties and went in different directions, Sergeant Lawrence Mr. Pinnerty, and Billy made it their I first business ,to discover Poynton and Butler. Butler at first denied the blavkfellow had been "with them, but, upon being told that he would be ar I rested as«an accomplice, stated that the man had ju£t been with them, and had | gone pff in the direction of the Aber j crombic Mountains. The? accordingly | pursued him in that direction, and after j travelling over a great deal of steep and precipitous country f were successful in tracking; him to Tueria, where they ar. rested him whilst working at a sluicing machine on Monday last. Lord Lytteli-ow and thh Ghost, —Some years ago I met an old gentle! man Ewell, in Surrey, near Pitts place where his Lordship died. He gave me the following account, which he had from a gentleman who was in the house at the time. This person was an organist of a neighboring town whose company wag much courted on account of his musical talent, and who was a frequent vfsitor to his Lordship. The story orderly told is this,—that hedreamtthe ghost of a lady whom be had seduced appeared to him, and predicted his death at 12 at night on the third day following. My informant's story differs only thus for, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother ot the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart in con sequence of her daughter's dishonor. Lord Lyttelton was at this time in a very bad state of health, in consequence of his excesses, and was subject to ~ what my informant called ''suffocating fits"—probably nervous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his death, the foretold third day, he had a party of friends at Pitt's-place', among whom was the organist whence my in formant had the account. He says that Lyttleton was in a state of some agitation, and had told the story of the dream to his friepds. As the night wore on and midnight approached his nervousness increased painfully • and some of his visitors said, during his ab« sence, " Lyttelton will .frighten himself into another fit with his foolish ghost story," and they determined to put the clock which stood in the room forward and when he returned to them they said " Hurrah ! Lyttelton, 12 o'clock is past - youve jockeyed the ghost- - Now the best thing is to go quietly to bed, and in the morning you will be all right.' ; He accordingly went upstairs and while some of his guests were put ting on their coats to depart, his valet came dowu to fetch something—it was said to get some mint watei, which he was in the habit of taking, leaving his Lordship alone. At this period the clock ot the pariah church, which was not far off and which of course could not have been touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight j1"'. ?V ' p •■ceeded upstairs, and shortly burst forth in loud excla mations. The party ran up, and found his Lordship had fallen dead. My in* formant's expression was. that the sud* den revuls:on ot feeling from a state o fancied security to finding himself a? the moment in the very instant of the dreaded danger bad caused such a re action as to bring on the fits which carried him on. He, no doubt, had heard the first stroke of the clock as well as others down stairs, and as each successive blow struck slowly upon the bell the sense of danger and the remembrance of the dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a frame and so diseased a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. rt is not improbable most ghost stories might be found to end in a similar natural solution. ^'Notes and Queries," 