CURRENCY \- » ? TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. SIR-I wish your correspondent, " A Lane Boy," had appeared in propria persona, as I must own to a weakness of not desiring much communication with Cockrane ghosts. Still, as the question the " Boy" proposes is such a reasonable one, I will at once give my reply to it, with my reasons. Concisely, then, I would inform your correspondent that I know no difference between British and Sydney coins. I leave it to our bankers to justify as they may the additional value they place on British over colonial, merely suggesting that they give as well as take the 20 per cent, premium. But I believe the effect of the proclamation made law will he to depreciate both British and Sydney-to ciiUBc them to fluctuate, it is clear, will be its effect, if the banks can support the course 1 pursued towards my friend. Previously to the discovery of gold, the sovereign was a fairly adjusted legal payment for a debt of 20 shillings, in this as in the other colonies not producing gold. The expense of importing or exporting coin was a sufficient security that the amount in the colony could be neither considerably more, nor less than was actually wanted for circula- tion, and, in fact, it was only exported or imported in any quantities to balance our accounts with other countries-a condition of things which most Statesmen would think do nimble. Subsequently to the discovery, when we found ourselves with 10 or 12 millions of the precious metal to export annually, the value of it forced itself upon our attention, and any one who felt sufficient interest in the Subject would find by calculation that the quantity contained in a sovereign, whether British or colonial, was not worth 20s., and I may appeal to facts to support this calculation, BE before the proclamation was issued, no one could be found to give more than 19s. 6d. for the Sydney coin a pretty plain proof of the value of the coin that the proclamation a short time after ordained, unjustly I think, should be taken by a creditor in discharge of a debt of 200 Still, during the reign of the British coin only, so long as we had the advantage of a good coln, which from the nature of the case was in its amount limited to our wants for circulation, not only was it not objectionable, it was, from its inapplicability to ordinary export or import, desirable, just as in Great Britain in the case of silver coin, where the legally assigned t value is greater than the intrinsic value of the metal in the coin, but where on this very account it is limited as a tender for payment to an amount of 463. The proclamation-made law, however, whilst it ordains that a creditor shall be compelled to discharge his debtor from a debt of 20s. on payment of a sovereign, although less than its equivalent, altogether ignores the principle of limitation applied in Great Britain in the parallel case of silver coin. On the contrary, it encourages the manufacture of this coin without any reference to our wants for circulation, and when exchanges shall fall (a state of things somewhat probable with the prospect of a foreign loan of £8,000,000) to an extent that I foal the advocates of colonial coinage have not contemplated. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. VALENTINE HELLICAR. 19th April, 1858. 