THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday evening the Garrlok Club per- formed "Hamlet," In fulfilment of the decisionby His Excellency the Governor, who 1B President of the Club, Tho character of the melancholy prinoo ia one to which, the ambition of almost every actor points as the summit of his achlevmemonts, and the BUB talnment of the play may in like manner be regarded by an amateur company as the maxi- mum degree of their efforts, whioh being reached, the success may entitle them to select without presumption any other dramatlo work within the scale. With- out pronouncing this performance Of the club to be an unqualified success, it was yet, taking it as a whole, eminently creditable to them, There ware many proofs Of indefatigable individual exertion, though more frequent complete rehearsals would have added most materially to the general excel- lence. If the dub should ever present the tragedy again, they will undoubtedly improve the representation in many material respeots. One merit is especially to be commended; every actor was well up in the words of his part. IDefiolenoy in this particular, to be sure, admits of no exouBe, where there is no necessity to pro dace a piece at a speoifio time ; but, tnoamuoh as the services of the prompter have on other 1 occasions been far too greatly in request, his enjoyment of a comparative sinecure this time 1B deserving of more than passing notioa. The Hamlet of Mr. Herberte was most oare* ful, intelligent, and well-considered. Be« gardtd as a reading, it would not perhaps ba easy to suggest much improvement, for the utterance was clear and distinct, and the pauses weie regulated with much judgment' while occasionally particular passages were delivered with an appropriateness of stress which could not fail to render them striking. 80 far Mr. Herberte succeeded almost na exceptionally. On the other hand, he failed of producing such an effeot as a bolder Style of acting wonld have secured for him. Doubtless he erred on the right side, for over earnestness, especially ia an amateur, is as muoh the antagonist of t necees UB insipidity. It would, however, have teen quite possible to Indulge in more self fcrgetfulnesB withont treading upon danger- ous ground. What Mr. Herbert« seemed chiefly to lack was the power of marking .Efficiently clearly the different phases of the character-the cunning dissembler, theBpeou-' lative soliloquising dreamer, the confiding friend, and the impassioned avenger, have their distinct place among the elements whioh »uko up the curious composite of this won- derful creation. It is the perfection of histri- onic art BO to combine these qualities as to priBerve their distinctness without presenting Hiern as isolated attributes. It is no dispa- ragement to Mr. Herberte, however, to say that he did not reach the highest mark of excellence of which the part is susceptible ; a character so difficult as Samlet may be con- sidered as fur from ill-represented though it should fall short of the ideal. Mr. Herberte had made up his face unartlstlcally ; he wore too much beard, and his wig had an un pleasing squareness about it; these personal qualities made him look muoh older than suits the part, and in so far he ran counter to the associations of his audience. Never- theless, despite this and the other exceptions alluded to, he may take credit to himself for presenting a Bamlet very far beyond the average. The Ghost of Mr. G. H. B, Ireland waa a piece of faultless elo- cution, OB is indeed his delivery of the text ia every part we have seen him sustain. His Ghost is a model for com- parison and imitation. Some persons would ¿abe exception to it on the ground of its defi- ciency of emphasis, bat emphasis from a dis- embodied abstraction is altogether oat of accordance with the presumed posslonle33 constitution of a spiritual being iuocoosaibla to sensuous impressions, or if it be permitted at all, it should be of a kind bat just dis- cernible. Mr. Ireland's tall figure and stately measured pace added largely to the impressiveneBS of the impersonation. The King was done by Mr. Bankp, a gentle- man to whom time seemed an object, and who appeared to think the utmost merit consisted in talking as fast as his powers of utterance permitted him, and in so low a tone as to have the conversation sometimes all to him- self Moreover, he had quarrelled with tha whole family of H.'e, great and small. Ha deprived Hamlet of his initial all through the Îiliiy. He gave good day to Amlet, he exposta ated with Amlet, he rebuked Amlet, ho drank Amlets health, and he planned Amlet'3 death; and when Amlet ran him through with the foil, be appeared to be so smitten with re- morse at the murder of a respectable member of the alphabet, that he did not even draw his sivoid to parry Amlet's thrust, but he fell down clumbily on to Laertes' 'ead, whereby Laertes had to move away and die over again. Mr. Hiokling, as Laertes, wa. fat from happy, but as it was understood that ha had accepted the character originally as a locum tenens, in the expectation that it would he muie suitably allotted, and that he Bua tainedit with the conviction that it waa en- tirely uoBuitod for him, it wonld soaroely be .air to comment too strongly upon the Bhort «ominge, further than to express a hope that the resources of the club may, on the next occasion, be equal to the requirements of the cast Mr. Biers, though unexceptionable In the prcBession of a most patriarchal- looking v/lg dud beard, did not impart to tin character of Polonius the quality of senility. Moreover, In endeavoring to avoid the buf- foonery which is sometimes made use of in communicating raclneBS to the part, he went to the other extreme, and presented only a -very uninteresting and formal personage. The Oatie ot Mr. Philp was not aufliolently aiiy-not foppish enough; the drawl was not natural, the affectation waB forced ; he was not sufficiently, oblivious of his coxcombry. Osric IB one of those shallow beings who be- lieve completely in themselves-who have not the shadow of a suspicion that they are by possibility contemptible. Mr. Bogater'a First üravedtgger was a good deal spoiled by the ra- pidity ot his utterance. This excavator of last resting- places is a stolldhumorlst, unconscious of his humor; the forée of his repartes is ua known to himself, and therefore it should not bo delivered glibly or "trippingly." Ia other respects Mr. Bagster WOB quite " equal to the situation." The rest of the character« .were represented with a respectable amount of ability, Mr. Hunter, as the Player King, be ingjspecially distinguished from the others, as giving a very creditable reading of his part. Hiss Mortyn made her first appearance in a ßhuksperian play. Her Ophelia was marked hy that pleasing gracefulness of which her previous performances warranted ex- pectation. There was one point she made- in the mad scene which added considerably to its effect. For a moment ehe has a lucid interval, and recognises her brother; but the accession of reason is only an evanescent flash, and she subsides Into Insanity again. This appears to be a novel addition to the scene ; and it was go admirably managed by her aa to impart, for tho moment, an altogether different coloring io the episode. If Miss Mortyn has originated this interpolation-which, though according to the text not contemplated by Shak apeSre, is perfeotly justifiable-it is only an- other evidence of the great merit of which she DUB already given BO many proofs. Mrs. Vickery sustained the patt of the Queen with her usual unforced dignity. Tho performances concluded with the amusing force of "My Precious Betsy," in whioh Mr. Bagster had an opportunity of exhibiting those laughter-provoking eccen- tricities tho possession of which entitle him to an eminent position as an amateur low comedian. In conclusion, we moy remark »bat tho club may congratulate itself upon Laving accomplished what appeared, even to its bebt friends, no Inconsiderable difficulty, and the general snecess of the performance, al well OB auch little exceptions as have been pointed ,out, should encourage it to umwed efforts for the future. The houbo was well filled. His Excellency and suite were present. FATAL ACCIDBNT.-An inquest was held at the Bet Bet Hotel, Maryborough, on Friday last, by Dr. Quinlan, the Coroner for the district, on the body of Pat. O'Leary, the driver of an American waggon, who fell from the shaft whilst intoxicated. Verdict, Death from rupture of the liver. 