ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. We do not identify our opinion with those of our Correspondents. RELIGION AND SOCIETY IN TASMANIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-Surely surely as a matter of justice you will give me once for all a space to reply to your railing accusation in your leader of this morning. I am not going to notice your remarks upon the matters quoted by you from my pamphlet those are things which others can read for themselves in connexion with their bearings and not in that crude and unconnected manner in which you have extracted them like that unfair person who pretended that he quoted the scriptures when he said " go and sin" " there is no God." But I feel that I have a right to answer those Statements which you so very unwarran- tably have made about me upon other au- thorities than my pamphlet which alone you were at liberty to handle as you pleased. But you have dived into other matters and indulged in unwarrantable person- alities and made false statements about me. You were wrong in saying that I (Mr. Roberts) "was convicted of slander of the worst description on his own hand writing ; and at a meeting called for the purpose to which he was invited, but would not attend, this minister of Christ qualified by the Holy Ghost was ignominiously expelled from his office," This is untrue. As this statement is false and injurious I hope you will be fair enough to insert my reply. There wns no legal meeting ever held in connexion with that little Society at Sandy Bay at which I was not present and at which I did not take the leading part of the business, without me there was no meeting the only legal Meetings for business were held on the first mon- day of each month I attended every one of them. You have been evidently misinformed about a meeting which my enemies Lipscombe, Friend, Davis, Large, Espie attempted to hold on the 23rd of July at an improper place and on an irregular day. my friends Mr. Dicken- son, Mr. Jackson and myself protested against it ;-myself by two letters and Mr. Jackson and Dickenson of Trafalgar place by their speeches no business was transacted, the meeting was adjourned till the following week as Mr. Heyward's letter to me shows. My letters were read by those men in my absence but no business was transacted and no business could have been transacted without my being present as the Society lodged in me. I was its founder and its conductor, when I ceased to labour the Society ceased to exist. There is no such Society now at Sandy Bay. The letters which you call " slanders of the worst discription" on account of which as you say I was "expelled from my office" are to come out in print they contained my accusation against Mr and Mrs Friend and their irregular family and their debts. I attended the meetings held July 26 and Aug 2 when my letters were read again and when I put in the plea " justification" and offered to prove the truth of my statements Alderman Lipscombe a merchant and Mr. Friend a Customhouse officer obliged one another and agreed to abuse me. When I said that my letters were private communication made to Mr and Mrs Friend and that that meeting had no right to interfere with them those men got violent. Lipscombe swore and cursed and attempted to strick me Mr Heyward and others took, hold of him. on the following week Mr Dickenson of Trafalgar place handed to me the following lines as containing "an apology" from Mr Lipscombe " Mr Lipscombe regrets that his temper got the better of him (July 26) and Mr Roberts may rest assured that he 'can-go up and down or anywhere else without molestation." Legal proceedings had been entered by me against Lipscombe which I with- drew on the receipt of the above " apology" and promise. I attended the last meeting of the society at which Mr. Dickenson accused Mr Friend of making false entries in the minute book of the society, and when the society was desolved because there was no missionary to work it nor money to support it. You were wrong in saying that I was " expelled from my office." I was not under any engagement. I offered conditionally to labour until August 1. A resolution to " expel" me on Aug 2 was as foolish as it was unnecessary and particularly as the very existance of the society lodged in me. I am sorry that you use Mr Macpherson's name in connexion with this low affair as that gentleman never attended the Committee he never knew anything about any resolutions that were carried or rejected, Mr Friend never communicated them to him I again say that £20 a year was more than the Sandy Bay people were willing to raise to support a Clergyman of any creed or qualification. I received between £30 and £40 during the seven months I officiated at Sandy Bay and at the Grange but that sum was not collected at Sandy Bay, it was chiefly collected in Hobart Town and given by Mr Hopkins, Mr Perkins, Mr Shoobridge, Mr Smith, Mr Mac- pherson and others and not by the Congregation at Sandy Bay. Mr Dickenson, Mr Heyward, Mr Davis and Mr Jackson were the only members of the Congregation that supported the cause. As it seems a relief to your mind and a credit to your paper to call me " a liar," " a scoundrel" " a serpent" &c; &c; and to call my statements "lies" "falsehoods" &c; &c; you are at liberty to indulge in such a line of pleasure. But remember that my private char- acter will stand a close examination and may appear to a great advantage by the side of any of the Mercury men and the Sandy Bay people. I must tell you that it was not an " unwarrantable liberty" on my part to put the names of Walch on my book ; that publisher consented to it when I called on him but the tittle page was printed as a part of the first sheet before he " withdrew" his consent;. I do not wish to do any thing that is unwarrantable. What have you to say or what can you prove against " Mr Roberts' true character." He has receipts to prove that he pays his ways and that he owes no man any thing. What do you know about what you call " the unsuspecting people of Sandy Bay"? I know more than you do about them. Why do you meddle with my his- tory in other places of which you know nothing except what the tongue and the pen of the slanderer tell you ? What do you know about my " ingra- titude to those who assisted me ?" No one " assisted" me. I wanted no assis- tance, it is very amusing to see the Mercury, giving " a warning" to the public and to the Sydney people against me who can go to my old parishiners in England and look in, their faces say ing 'Receive me for I have defrauded no man; I have wronged no man I have corrupted no man ; I have deceived no man. I did not say that I " was called by Christ himself and qualified by the Holy Ghost." I made a remark to that effect in reference to the real minis- ters of Christ. What do you know about what happened " wherever I have intruded myself." I have not " intruded my self" anywhere any more than you did. You advise me to leave the colony. I do not require your advice. I may do so when I please as I am not in debt in here. I never told you that I was about " quitting the colony for Sydney" the Sydney people did not stand in need of your warning against me any more than any than against yourself. Some of them have been personally acquainted with my private character for many years, I can look them in the face now. Sir let me remind you in conclusion that it is written in the best of all books and by the wisest of all men "he that is first in his own cause seemeth just but his neighbour cometh and search- eith him Prov. xviii. I am, sir, Yours, &c;, John Roberts. 129 Campbell-street, Nov. 20, 1858. 