LOST. LOOKING over the Times' advertisements, one's eye often catches such as the following :-" Lost, a Youth" (while ships and schools exist, not so very mysterious) ; 'Missing, an Elderly Gentleman" (who has apparently walked quietly off to his City office one morning, and never been heard of moreover merely, Left his Home, John So-and-So," who, after more or less entreaties to return thereto, may have the pleasure of seeing by succeeding advertisements of Reward Offered," whether he is valued by his disconsolate kindred at ten, fifteen, or fifty pounds. Other " bits" there are, at which we feel it cruel to smile : one, for instance, which appeared for months on the first day of the month, saying : " If you are not at home by" such a date, " I shall have left England in search of you ;" and proceeding to explain that he or she had left orders for that periodical advertisement ; giving also addresses of bankers, c, in case of the other is coming home meantime ; all with a curious business-like, and yet pathetic providence against all chances, which rarely springs from any source save one. All newspaper readers must have noticed in mysterious accidents or murders, what numbers of people are sure to come forward in hopes of identifying the unknown "body." In a late case, when a young woman was found brutally shot in a wood, it was remarkable how many came from all parts of the country to view the corpse persons who had missing relatives bearing the same initials as those on the victim's linen-parents with a daughter gone to service, and then entirely lost sight of-friends with a friend gone to meet her husband, and embark for Australia, but who had never embarked or been heard of again and so on all seeking some clue to a mournful mystery, which may remain such to this day, for the dead woman turned out to belong to none of them. But these things suggest the grave reflection what a number of people there must be in the world who are not figuratively or poetically, but literally " lost;" who by some means or other, accident, intention, carelessness, misfortune, or crime, have slipped out of the home circle, of the wider round of friendship or acquaintanceship, and never reappeared more; whose place has gradually been filled up ; whose very memory is almost forgotten, and against whose name and date of birth in the family Bible if they ever had a family and a Bible stands neither the brief momentous anno- tation " Married," he, nor the still briefer, and often much safer and happier inscription, "Died nothing save the ominous pathetic blank, which only the unveiled secrets of the Last Day will ever fill up. In the present time, when everybody is running to and fro when, instead of the rule, it is quite the exception to meet with any man who has not navigated at least half the globe when almost every large family has one or more of its members scattered in one or two quarters of the civilised or uncivilised world senses such as these must occur often. Indeed, nearly every person's knowledge or experience could furnish come. What a list it would make ! - worse, if possible, than the terrible " List of Killed and Wounded" which aims and blinds many an unin- terested eye ; or the " List of Passengers and Crew," after an oconn-Bhipwreck, where common sense foreboded that " missing" must necessarily imply death-how, God knows yet sure and speedy death. But in this unwritten list of "lost," death is a certainty never to be attained-not even when such certainty would be almost as blessed as life, or happy return-or more so. For in these cases the "lost are not alone to be considered. By that strange dispensation of Provi- dence which often makes the most reckless the most lovable, and the most forward the most beloved, it rarely happens that the most fairy-like vagabond that wanders over the face of the earth, has not some human being who cares for him-in greater or less degree, yet still cares for him Nor, abjuring this view of the subject, can we take the strictly practical side of it, without perceiving that it is next to impossible for any human being so completely to isolate himself from his species, that his life or death shall not affect any other human being in any possible way. Doubtless, many persuade themselves of this fact, through bravado or misanthropy, or the thoughtless selfishness which a wandering life almost invariably induces. They maintain the doctrine which-when a man has been tossed up and down the world, in India, America, Australia, in all sorts of circumstances and among all sorts of people is naturally prone to believe the one great truth of life : " Every man for himself, and God for us all." But it is not a truth ; it is a lie. Where every man lives only for himself, it is- not God-but the devil-" fortis all." 'S! """T! It is worth while in thinking of those who are thus voluntarily " lost," to suggest this fact to the great tide of our emigrating youth, who go-and Godspeed them if they go honestly-to make his new country the bread they cannot find here. In all the changes of work and scene, many are prone gradually to forget some to believe themselves forgotten home fades away in distance-letters get fewer and fewer. The wanderer begins to feel himself a waif and stray. Like Dickens's poor Jo, he has got into a habit of bring " charmed and cheered," and kept " moving on " till he has learned to feel no particular tie or interest in anybody or anything, and therefore concludes nobody can have any tie or interest in him. So he just writes home by rare accident, when he happens to remember it-or never writes at all vanishes slowly from everybody's reach, or drops suddenly out of the world ; nobody knows how, or when, or where ; nor ever can know till the earth and sea give up their dead But long they looked, and feared, and wept, Within his distant home, And dreamed and started as they adopt, For joy that he was come. Alas, how many a household, how many a heart, has borne that utterly irremediable and interminable anguish, worse far than the anguish over a grave, which Wordsworth has faintly indicated in The Affliction of Margaret, Where art thou, my beloved sons Where art thou, worse to me than dead! Oh, find me prosperous or undone I Or If the grave be now thy bed, Why am I ignorant of the same, That I may rest, and neither blame Nor sorrow may attend thy name! I look for ghosts, but none will force Their way to mc. 'Tis falsely said That there was over intercourse betwixt the living and the dead, For surely then I should have sight Of him I wait for day and night, With love and longings Infinite. It may seem a painfully small and practical lesson to draw from an agony so unspeakable ; but surely it cannot be too strongly impressed upon our wandering youth, who go to earn their living across the seas in the Australian bush, or the Canadian forests, or the greater wildernesses of foreign cities, east and west that they ought everywhere and under all available circumstances, to endeavour to leave a clue whereby their friends may hear of them, living or dead. That if, always it is the duty of a solitary man or woman, while living, so to arrange affairs that his or her death shall cause least pain or trouble to any one else is surely this is tenfold the duty of those who go abroad that whatever happens, they may be to those that love them, only the dead, never the "lost." Sometimes under this category come persons of a totally different fate-and yet the same-whose true history is rarely found out till it is ended, and perhaps not then. People who have sprung up, nobody knows how, who have nobody belonging to the neither ancestors or descendants though as soon as they are gone, hundreds are wildly eager to make themselves out to be either or both. Of such is a case now pend- ing, well-known in the west of Scotland, where the next of kin to an almost fabulous amount of property is advertised for by the Government, once in seven years and where scores of Scotch cousins, indefinitely removed, periodically turn up, and spend hundreds of pounds in proving or failing to prove-for all have failed hitherto-their relationship to the " dear de- ceased." This was an old gentleman in India, who neither there nor in his native Scotland had a single soul belonging to him, or caring to " call cousins" with him who, indeed, had never been heard of till he died worth a million or so, leaving all the wealth he had laboured to amass-to-Nobody. Truly the poor solitary nabob may be put among the melancholy record of those "lost," whose names have been long erased, or were never writ, on the only tablet worth anything in this world-the register of friendship, kindred, home. Similar instances of fortunes, greater or less, " going a-begging" for want of heirs, are common enough commoner than people have the least idea of Government annually pockets-very honestly, and after long search and patient waiting a considerable sum, composed of unclaimed bank dividends, and real and personal property of all kinds, the heir or heirs to which it is impossible to find. Among these, the amount of dead sailors' pay is said to be a remarkable item thousands of pounds, being wages due, thus yearly lapsing to government, because all the ingenuity of the harbour-master, into whose hands the money is required to be paid, cannot find any relative of poor departed " Bill" or " Jack" whose place of birth has likely been never heard of-who has gone under so many aliases that even his right surname is scarcely discoverable, and often has lived, died, and been buried as simple " Jack" or "Bill," without any sur- name at all.' . . This indifference to an hereditary patronymic is a curious characteristic of all wanderers of the lower class. Soldiers, sailors, and navvies engaged abroad, will often be found to have gone by half a-dozen different surnames, or to have let the original name be varied ad libitum, as from Donald to M'Donald, and back again to Donaldson, possibly ending as O'Donnell, or plain Don. Frequently, in engaging themselves, they will give any new name that comes uppermost Smith, Brown, Jones : or will change names with a " mate after the German fashion of ratifying the closest bond of friendship thereby producing inextricable confusion, should they chance to die, leaving anything to be inherited. . Otherwise-of course it matters not. They just drop out of life, nameless and unnoticed, of no more account than a pebble dropped into the deep sea and yet every one of them must have had a father and a mother, may have had brothers and sisters, might have had wives and children, and all the dose links of Mme. Much as we pity those who lose all these the bonds, duties, and cares which, however heavy sometimes, are a man's greatest safeguard and strength, without which he is but a rootless tree, a dead log drifted about on the waters still more may we pity those in all ranks and positions of life, who are thus "lost." Not in any discreditable sense, perhaps from no individual fault ; but that fatal " conjuncture of circumstances," far easier to blame than to overcome possibly from being "too easy," "too good," "nobody's enemy but their own," Still by some means or other-God help them they have let themselves drop out of the chain of consecutive existence, like a bead dropped off a string, and are " lost." Equally so, are some of whom few of us are so happy as never to have counted any-whom the American poet Bryant, already quoted, touchingly characterises as " the living lost." Not the fallen, the guilty, or even the prodigal, so hopelessly degraded that only at the gates of the grave and from one Father can he look for that restoration, to grant which, " while he was yet afar off, his Father saw him." Not these, but others who bear no outward sign of their condition; whom the world calls fortunate, happy, righteous-and so they may be towards many, yet to a few, familiar with their deepest hearts, know- ing all they were and might have been still be irrevocably, hopelessly, " the living lost." Lost as utterly as if the grave had swallowed them up, mourned as bitterly as one mourneth for those that depart to return no more. Everybody owns some of these e, kindred, whom prosperity has taught that " blind" is not " thicker than water ; " friends who have long ceased to share anything of friendship but the name perhaps even not that lovers who meet accidentally as strangers ; brothers and sisters who pass one another in the street with averted faces the same faces which cuddled " cosily up to the same mother's breast. These things are sad sad and strange so strange that we hardly believe them in youth, at least not as possible to happen to us and yet they do happen, and we are obliged to bear them. obliged to endure lessee worse than death, and never seem as if we had lost anything smilingly to take the credit of possessions that we know are ours no longer-or quietly to close accounts, pay an honourable dividend, cheat nobody, and sit down, honest beggars-but 'is over ! Most of us-as at the end of the year we are prone, morally as well as arithmetically, to calculate our Savings and spending, and strike the balance of our property-are also prone-and it may be good for. us too-to lingers little over the one brief item," Lost." But in all good lives, even as in all well-balanced, prudent ledgers, this item is far less heavy in the sum-total, than at first appears. Aye, though therein we have to count year by year, deaths many, partings many, infidelities and estrangements not a few. Though, if by good fortune or good providence, we be not ourselves among the list of the loss, we have no guarantee against being numbered among that of the losers. The most united family may have to count among its members one " black sheep," pitied or blamed by a few lingeringly, hopelessly, sorrowfully loved ; coming back at iuterva.lsHgenerally to everybody's con- sternation and pain ; at last never coming back any more. The faithfulness of friends may come one day to clasp his friend's hand, look in his friend's face and find there something altogether new and strange, which he shrinks from as from some unholy spirit which has entered and possessed itself of the familiar form. The fondest and best of mothers may live to miss, silently and fearlessly, from her Christmas table, some one child whom she knows, and knows that all her other children know, is more welcome in absence than in presence, whom to have laid unless in a baby's outfit, and buried years ago, would have been as nothing nothing. Yet all these things must be, and we must pass through them, that in the mysterious working of evil with good our souls may come out purified as with fire. The comfort is that in the total account of gains and losses, every honest and tender soul will find out, soon or late, that the irremediable catalogue of the latter is, we repeat, far lighter than at first seems. For who are the last Not the dead, who " rest from their labours, and with whom to die is often to be eternally loved and remembered. Not too far- away, who, especially at the grand festival-time, are as close to every faithful heart as if their faces laughed at the Christmas board, and their warm grasp wished all happy new year." Never, under any circumstances that unkind fate can mesh together, under all partings that death can make, need those fear to be either lost or losers who, in the words of our English prayer-book, can pray together that " amidst all the chances and changes of this mortal life, our hearts may surely there be fixed where true joys are to be found." Where, whatever may be " tongue of men or of angels" that we shall have learned to speak with then we may be quite sure that there shall be in it no such word as " lost." Chambers' Journal. 