SCOTS' CHURCH.-INDUCTION SERVICE. Tbe service, in oonneotion witu tbe induotton of tho Rev. John Reid, lato of North Melbourne, as oolleague to the Rev. Dr. Lang in tbo ministry of tho Soots' Churoh, took place in the Soots' Churoh, on Sunday, in tho prosenoo of a pretty numerous and, to all appearance, deeply interested congregation. After the usual preliminary services-psalms and extempore prayer-the Rev. Dr. Lang, who preaohed the induotion sermon, gave out, os the subjeot of discourse (of whioh the following is an abstract),-Eccles, iv., 0,10. "Two are bolter than one; beeauso they have a good reward for their labour. For if they fall, tho one will lift up his follow; but wo to him that is alone when he falleth ; for he hath not another to help him up." ' I have been induced to select this passago of Holy Scripture, os tho subject of discourse on tho present oooasion, with a view to exhibit and illustrate what I conceive to be an important principle of tho Divine government, whiab, you will doubtless percoivo, has an evident and direot bearing on tho service ia which we are this day to be engaged-the admission of another minister to the pastoral ohargo of this ohurah and con- gregation. The prinoiple I allude to is thal, in certain apeoial and peculiar circumstances in tho Christian ministry-in the planting and watering of tho Church of God, aa well asin labours for its extension and reforma- tion-(for I shall show you that wo are warranted to ox ténd the principio to all these cases), "Two are better than one.1] Anditis bocuuse this principio basin great measure been overlooked and lost sight of by the Christian Churoh geuorallyin modern times that I havo deemed it expedient and neocssary to make it tho subjeot of our present discourse. It is in aocordanco, thereforo, with tho principles of tho Divine govornmont that in carrying out the work of God in his Church on earth that tho combined talonts and energies, gifts and graces, of two different men should bo employed, rather than thoBO of any single individual, however eminent or distinguished. In dis- coursing farther on this subjeot, I shall show you-1st. How this prinoiple of tho Divine government was exemplified and carried out under the Old Testament dis- pensation. 2nd. How it was systematically oarried into operation by our Lord and his apostles, and 3rd. How it was exemplified in the Churohes of the Reformation ; applying tho prinoiple in conclusion to our own presont circumstances. I. Let us, therefore, in the first plaoe attend to the man. ' ner in whioh tho prinoiple announoed in our text, viz., that " Two are botter than one," characterised the Divine procedure on certain great occasions under the Old Testament dispensation. The call of Moses, and his appointment, under God, to be the deliverer of Israel from Egyptian bondago, their divinely inspired legisla- tor, and their guide through the wilderness to thu pro- mised land, was, of all others, the great event of that dispensation. Observe then how it was brought about in accordance with the prinoiple of our text, that two are better than ono. After his flight from Egypt, Moses, we aro told, lived a pastoral life, feeding the flooks of his father-in-law, Jethro, a prince or priest of Midian, for forty years in the wilderness; and ho had apparently become so muoh attaohod to that quiet sort of life that he was exoaedingly unwilling to leave it, to rotura to the intercourse of polished sooiety, to the paths of civiliza- tion' and refinement. Accordingly, when it was siid unto him, by the Lord God himself, out of the burning bush, " Come now, an di will send thee unto Pharoah, that thou mayest bring forth my people the ohildren of Israel oat of Egypt, Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharoah, and that I should bring forth the ohildren of Israel outofEgypt?"-Exodus, iii., 10,11. When this objection was done away with, in the gift of those miraoulouB powers with whioh Moses was endowed for the performance of the work assigned him, he had still another objeotion to propose, as we read in the hook of Exodus. For " Moses said unto tho Lord, O ray Lord, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since Thou hast spoken unto thy servant : but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue. And the anger of the Lord was kindled against ' Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron, the Levite, thy brother ? I know that ho can apeak well. And also, behold, bo cometh forth to meet thee ; and when be sooth thee he will be glad in his heart. He shall ho thy spokesman unto tho people : and he shall bo, ovon he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and will teaoh you what yo shall do. And thou shalt tako this rod in thine band, whorewith thou shalt do signs. And Moses and Aaron wont and gathered together all tho elders of tho children of Israel: And Aaron spake all the words whioh the Lord had spoken unto Moses, and did tho signs in the sight of the people."-Exodus,, iv., 10, 14, 10, 17, 20, U0. The combined talents and energies of Moses and Aaron wore thus found to be nocessary for tho accomplishment of the deliverance of Israel from Egypt, and for their gaidanoe to tho promised land. Eminent as they both were individually, neither the one nor the other was flt for,tho great work assigned them. That work required the combined talents and energies, gifts and graoos, of two such men; and two-were accordingly divinely associated together for its aoooraplishment. For wo aro not to suppose that it was in consequence of the objec- tion of MoseB that Aaron was given him as bis assooiato in that groat work. It is evident from the context that God had himself anticipated tho objection, nnd had actually sent forth Aaron to moot bis long lost brother in tho wilderness. In ono word, tho divine priooiplo announced in our text was divinely oarried into'operation in the joint, appointment of Mosesand Aaron as, under God, the deliverers of Israel from Egyptian bondage. Eaoh had his part assigned him in that groat work ; for whilo Aaron was tho spokesman at the oourt of Pharoah, os well os in the congregation of Israel, Mosos. oarried that wonder-working rod of God, with which ho smoto Egypt with all its plagues till he forced Phnroah to let Israel go, that rod with whioh ha Btnoto the Red Sea and Israel passed over on dry land, that rod with whioh ho smoto the rook in the wildornoss, .nd a stream of water gushed forth in tho' thirsty land. When'tho ohildren of Israol were encampod in the wilderness of Paran, th ero were twelve eminent men, one for caoh tribo, sont forth to spy out tho land of Canaan, of whioh they woro going to tako possession, and to roport tho result of their observations and enquiries to Mosos and the congregation of Israel. They wont forth accordingly, but roturncd with an evil roport of the country, acknowledging that it was a goodland, flowing with milk and honey, but altoging that its inhabitants woro strong and mighty, and that they would nevur bo able to ovorcorao thom-thereby greatly discouraging and dispiriting tho people. The saorad narrative of tho transaction ia oxooodingly inter- esting, and is as follows : And tboy brought up anovll roport of tho land willoh they had Boarnhod unto tho children of Israel, Haying, tba land, through willoh wo hayo gonn to Roa rob lt, ls aland that oatath up tho Inhabitants thoroof: and alt tba poopto that wo saw ia it aro mon of a nront stature And tboro wo Baw tho giants, tho sons of Annk, willoh como of tho glnnts j and wo woro In our own sight as grasshoppers, aad Bo wo woro in tholr sight.-Numborn, xiii., il*, ¡13. And all tho oongrogallon llftotl up tholr voloo, and orlad ¡ and tho poonta «opt that night. And ail tho children of Israel murmured against Mason and against Aaron : and tho whola congregation said unto thom, Would Ood that wo had died in tho land of Kgypt I or would God wo had dlod tn this wildornoss I And wboroTnro bath tho Lord brought us unto this land, to fall by tho sword, that our wlros and our children should bo a proy ? woro It not bettor fur us to roturn Into Kgypt. , And thor Bald ono lo another, Lot us malt« a captain, and lot us roturn into Kgypt. Thon Mosas and Aaron fell on their faces baforo all tho assem- bly oftho oongrogallon nf tho ohildren of Israel. And Joshua Ibo sou of Nun, and Caleb the aaa af Jopkunneh, which were of thom that aonrohed the land, rent tholr olothes i Ana they apaleo unto all tho company of tho ohildren of Israel, Baying, Tho land, whioh we ptssod through to aoaroh it, is an exaaeding good land. If the Lord delight In us. thou ho will bring ui into thia land .od glya lt ui ) a land which flowoth with milk and nt onay, I " Only rebel not yeegalnst tbo Lord; neither few yettie people - of tho lund j for they are bread for tu i .their defonoe ia departed tram thom, and the Lord ia with na i fear thom not. But all the congregation bade etona thom with atonal, And tho glory of the Lord appeared In tho Ubarnaolo of the congregation, before all tho ohildren of Israel.-Numbera, xiv., 1-lu. In ono word, there were two of the twelve men who had been sont to spy out the land, into whose hoarts God had put another and a bettor spirit than the rest exhi- bited, viz.-Caleb, the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua, the son of Nun- thereby shewing not only that two are bettor than one, hut that when God has any speoial or great work to bo performed for his Church on earth, he generally raises tap and endows, and associates together, two such men as Caleb and Joshua to perform it. < Tho history of the prophet Elijah illustrates'the same principle of the Divino procédure in a remarkable manner. For after labouring' alone for a timo, in the darkest and dreariest period of the history of his people, the prophet passed by, as we read in the first book of Kings, chapter 10, and finding Elisha, the son of Sbaphat, plowing with twelva yoko of oxen in the field, be cast his mantle over him, and Elisha straightway arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him. Thenceforth the two prophets laboured together in their divine vocation, till Elijah was oaught up into heaven in a ohariot and horses of Are. II. Let us now attend to the. exhibition of the same prinoiple in tho history of our blessed Lord and his apostles. In the Gospel aoaording to Luke, chapter x., 1, we are told that " After these things," that is the ohoosing of the twelve apostles, "the Lord ap- pointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every oily and place, whither be himself would come." He sent these seventy disoiples, two and. two, doubtless for the reason assigned in the text, that two were better than one. He never sent them singly. Now, whatever were tho reasons that induoed our blessed Lord to send forth thdse 70 disoiples, two and two, it is evident, beyond all contradiction, that his apostles felt themselves bound to follow his divine example, une of tue first or tbe seneB of remarkable events, ' of whiob the history is preserved to ns in tho Acts of tho Apostles, is Peter and John's going up to the temple at the hour of prayer and healing the man at the Beautiful Gate of the Temple, who was lame from his mother's womb. The narrative I refer to is con- tained it Aots iii., 1-8, and-1 recommend it to your private perusal. In the ninth chapter of the Aots of the Apostles, thero is mention made of a seoond conjunction of two apostolio men, Barnabas and Saul. But as S*ul, who was afterwards muon better known as Paul the Apostle, became much more prominent than his asso- ciate the order of their names is reversed, and they are ever after designated Paul and Barnabas. In the thirteenth ohapter of the Aots of the Apostles, verse 2, wo are told that "As they ministered to the Lord and fasted, tho Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have culled thora." But in tho 40 th verse of tho same chapter, it is written, "Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold, and said, it was neces- sary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you," that is, to the Jews, " but seoing yo put it from you, and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting lifo, lo, wo tum to the Gentiles." In the course of their min- istry, these two eminont men arrived at the city of Lystro, in Lyoaonia, where' Paul ' rostered to perfect soundness, a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked. "And when tho people saw whit Paul bad done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lyoaonia, The gods are come down to us in tho like- ness of men. And they called Barnabas," who seems to have been a tall man, of noble appearance, " Jupiter ; and Paul, who was of diminutive stature, Merenrius, beeauso be was tho chief speaker."-Acts xiv , ll, 13. In the following passage, Acts xv., 30-41, we aro informed how this union of Paul and Barnabas issued nt length in their entire separation : And soma days after. Faul said unto Barnabas, lot na go again and visit our brethren, in ovary olly whore we have preached the word of tho Lord, and see how they do. And Barnabas determined to tako with thom John, whoso surname was Mark. But Paul thought not good to tako him with them, who departed from thora from Pampbylla, end wont not with thom to the work. And tho contention was BO sharp betwoen them, that they departed asunder ono from tho other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus : And Paul ohose Silas, and departed, hoing rooommendod by tho hrotbron unto tho graoo of God. And ho went through Syria and Slliola, confirming tho churohes. In all these cases we find these- apostolio men noting upon the prinoiple announced in our text, and sanctified, doubtless, in their estimation from the example of our blessed Lord, viz., that two are better than one. For, even, although Paul and Barnabas separated at length, they both oontinued to aot upon this divine prinoiple ; for "Barnabas took Mark" as his future fellow- labourer, "and sailed unto Cyprus," while Paul ohose Silas, and di coted his course into Syria and Cii¡'cia. TH. I should now direct your attention to the exhibi- tion of tho same divine priuoiplo in the Churches of the Reformation ; but I can only allude, in the briefest man- ner, to tho cases of Luthor and Melanothon, in Germany ; of Calvin and Beza, in Switzerland and France; of La timer and Bidl ey, the two martyrs, in England; of Knox and Melville, in Scotland. In each of these oases we find men of the h'ghest eminence, but of very differ- ent intellectual qualifications, and dispositions, associated together, two and two, for the great work of the Refor- mation. There wero diversities of gifts, and diversities of operation; but there was the same Divine Spirit animating and directing them all. Kay, itjwould seem that our Scottish Reformers con- templated, in seeming acoordanoo with the principle we havo been illustrating, a permanent division of the ministerial office into two parts ; the one comprising the office of the Doctor, or Teacher, who was to expound the Scriptures, and the other that of the Pastor, properly so called, to feed the people. But this distinction has long since been Inst sight of in praotioo ; and so also ha3 tho prinoiple of our text, notwithstanding its universal récognition in the Apostolio Church. It nppenrs to me, however, that, in the peouliar oiroumstancos ol this ohuroh and congregation, ours is just one of tho oases in which that apostolio and divino principio ought to be rovivod and oarried into operation; thereby rendering the oombinod talents and energies, with the diversidad endowments, gifts and graces of two different ministers of religion available for tho disoharge of the duties devolving upon tho Christian ministry in connection with this ohuroh and congregation. It is quite unnecessary for me to occupy your time at present with a detail of the peculiar circumstances out of which the connection tbut is now to bo formed bètwoon my esteemed friend and brother, on the one hand, and.this ohuroh and congregation on the other, has arisen, or to shew you the urgent necessity that there is for suoh an appointment in our peculiar ciroum. stances. I would, therefore, merely notioe one or two objections that may he urged against our contemplated prooedure. It is urged, therefore, that collegiate oharges are generally unhappy, that they lead to dissensions and engender strifes. Now it oannot be denied that there is some truth in this allegation, and the case of Paul and Barnabas suffi- ciently proves that auch serious differences of opinion may arise in suoh circumstances as to lead eventually to entire separation. ' Still, however, the divine principle announced in our text was recognised, notwithstanding their separation, by both of those emlne it and apoBtolio mon; for Barnabas, as we have seen, toalc Alaric as his future associoto in mlvsionary labour, while Paul ohoso Silas as his own fellow labourer in the great vineyard of hu Masler. Now wo aro . not warranted, from the fear of possible oontlngonoios that may never bo realized, to sot asido tho divino prinoiple wbioh both Paul and Barnabas reoognisod, and whioh is so olesrly applicable to our own oase and circumstances. We are ti be followers of thom, who, in this particular, wero un- questionably followers of Christ, and leave the issue to Him. Another objeotlon, willoh, I believe, hos been urged not unfrequently in various quarters, is that this con- gregation'will never bo able to support two. minister!) This objection, ray friends, is urged by unbelief and worldly- mindednnBs-two principl s whioh, I am sorry to say, liavo a great doal too muon to do in the govern- ment of all professed Christian Churches in the prosent day. But be assured, my brethren, that when God assorts a right prinoiple, he never fails to enure to those who would aot honostly by it the means of carry- ing lt out. My esteemed friend and brother hos given you to understand that, io uooeptlng your invitation to preach the everlasting Gospel ir this .ohuroh, he ashs no bond for a salary from thia congregation any more than I havo ovor dono myself. Why? do you ask? Why, just because wo have already got a far better bond thoa any you oould give? us; for it ls written ia the text, '" Two aro better than one ; booause they have a good reward for their labour." This is God's own bond to those who not honestly and faithfully on God's own prinoiple. Unbelief says " This congrégation will nover bo able to support two ministors :" but God Bays " Two aro batter than one ; beoauso they haven good io ward tor thoir labours ¡"andón the strongth of this divino doolam tion, which I maintain is perfectly npplioablo to our present circumstances, I firmly bollovo that two ministers will in future bo better supported by this ohuroh and congregation than ono only has ovor boen before. If thou badBt faith, O profossod Christian, whoever thou art, thou who art always doubting as to tho future, and conjuring up a wholo mountain of diOlcultiea-if thou hadst faith BB a grain of mustard seed, thou wouldst say at once to this mountain, Be thou romoved and ba thou cast into the BOB. " The silver is mine, and tho gold in mine," saith tba Lord; and think you, brethren, that if. He, whose are (be silver sod tbe gold, hts given suob a bond aa that of our text, that Ha will fail to answer it when it is due. , , . Lot me oall your attention, in passing, to tho nature of the relation that subsists between a minister and, nh congregation. The work which, ho is oallod to perform is designated in the text " labour" or " sar. vice," which is entitled to an adequate reward. Many people think and speak of tho Voluntary System, as if ministers on that system wera supported by tho chari- table contributions of their people I repudiate any such idea, and, in doing so, I would simply magnify my office. The labourer-tho ministerial . as ? well as the day-labourer-is worthy'of his. hire; and it is right, between man and man, that bo should receive it. The, divine commandment : to all pro. fessed Christians is, " Honour the Lard with thy substanoe, and with the first-fruits of all .thine in- crease, so shall thy barns be filled with plenty and thy presses burst forth with new wine:" and tho example of such men as Abraham and Jacob, who set apart a tenth of all their substanoe for .the Lord, ought to be a law unto us and to all who make profession of the religion of Christ Ohl my brethren,' if professed Christians were.only to sot honestly in this matter, how full would the Lord's treasury be, and how thoroughly furnished would his ministers be, as far as mere temporalities are concerned, for every good word and work 1 In what way particularly a revenue for the support of the ordi- nances of religion should be raised, professed Christians are left pretty much to their own discretion. But whether that revenue should be raised, as appears to have been the praotioe in the primitive Churoh, by voluntary contributions every Lord's Day, or in the way of pow rents, or by what is oalled, in certain quarters, a sustentation fund, or by all of these methods combined, the question-is left entirely between God and the indi- vidual, who is left accordingly to tax himself as the Lord has prosperod bim. At the same time I would obsorvo that it is of paramount importance to the welfare and efficiency of the Christian Ministry that tho voluntary taxation , whioh is thus self- imposed for its support should in all cases be moderate in its amount, and by no means'burdensome or opprossivo in any; and I believe that when suitable arrangements are made for the purpose by the office-bearers of a Christian con- gregation, tho desirable end can easily be attained. ine otner reason assigned in the text why " Two are better than one," in such a ease as the ministry of this ohuroh and congregation, is the advantage arising from mutual assistance and co-operation. "Two are better than one-for if they fall, tho one will lift up his fellow t but wo to him who is alone whon he falleth, for he hath not another to help bim up." The want of such assistance and co-operation has hitherto been deoply felt in this ohuroh, especially as tbe minister is called on, from the oiroumstanoo of its being the mother-church of the Presbyterian communion in thia territory, to take a more than ordinary interest in tho welfare and advance- ment of various other churches in distant localities throughout tho colony. This particular duty seems to be intended by what is designated in tho Acts of the Apostles "confirming tho churches:" for tho phrase hus no reference whatever to what is styled " tho rite of confirmation"' in oortain portions of the professed Christian Church. That rita bas no warrant or founda- tion whatever in the Word of God, being morely a piece of will-worship-a mere Romish tradition. But an occasional visit from the head-quarters of our commu- nion would tend greatly to "confirm" the other churches pf .our denomination, and to build up the walls " of our Zion in tho land." As the Rev. Mr. Reid had boon so long ia the Chris- tian ministry both in the mother-oountry and ia the neighbouring oolony, Dr. Lang deolined to offer any. address to him, declaratory of the duties and obligations of his office, as is usually done in tba case of ministers of the Presbyterian Cburoh at their ordination. He read the call to him, however (which has already bean published in the EMPIRE), and then asked him, in the presence of Almighty God, and the congregation present, whether ho accepted and aooeded to it or not-to whioh Mr, Beid, standing up before the congregation, replied in the affirmative. Dr. Lang then proposed to him the series of questions that aro usually put to candidates for ordination, to all of which Mr. Beid expressed his oordial assent. The Bev. James Collins, of Grafton, Moderator of the Synod of New.South Wales, then implored the divine blessing on the connection whioh was thus formed between tho minister and congregation, in an appro- priate and impressive prayer. The ministers present, and the ciders of the ohuroh, then gave Mr. Beid the right hand of fellowship, and the servioe was concluded in the usual way, with psalmody and the apostolio bene- diction ; Mr. Beid plaoing himself in the porch of the ohurcb, at the dismission of tho congregation, and reoeiving tho congratulations of tho membors as they passed out. Mr. Beid delivered two discourses in the Scots' Church in the afternoon and evening of yesterday, the 1 tter of whioh was a masterly and highly eloquent disoourse. 