CITY COUNCIL. Yesterday a Quarterly meeting of the City Council was held at th© Council Chamber in the Town Hall, the Mayor presided. Tho minutes of the last meeting were read and con firmed. A letter was read and laid upon the table from Mr Alexander Walker, stating, that m the etent of the Town Council leasing to him the Western Market for a period of 33 years, he would pay over to them a sum ol £1)0,000 in casn. Councillor Bowden presented a petition from certain inhabitants in Swanston-slreet, praying for the re moval of a cab rtaud from the eastern side of that straot. ' . Tlie Mayor presented a petition _ praying that cer tain par-ies who took up their positions on two nights in the week, for the sale of market praduee in Collins street west be removed. These petitions \ver» referred to tho Markot Com mittee. , Upon tho motion of Councillor Bowden, the JIayor was authorised to attach the city seal to tho address to Mr Sturt on his departure for Europe. Aid. Hayward gave notice that he would move that tho Council at its rising do adjourn for three monuis, The Public Works Committee recommended the aecoptauco of Tenders for: — Forming Ballaarat-Htreet, carting and spreading metal on same — Henry Clark, £2!) ; 'constructing cube crossing iu Blinders-street, leading into premises of Mr Degravea — James Win wood, £20. Agreed (o. The Council approved of . tho employment of five laborers and two carts for tho purpose of keeping open the Water Channels and otherwise attending to tho cleansing of Latrobe aud Lonsdale Wards. LEASING MARKETS. The Council proceeded to the consideration of the fourth order- — namely tho desirability of applying to Government to grant power to tlio Corporation to Lease their Markets for a period not exceeding 20 years. The Mayor advocated the desirability of agreeing to this order. Councillor Bowj-EN supported the order. Councillor Halliday suggested that the term be extended to twenty-one years. He complained that tho Government were monopolists, and said that Mel bourne was entitled to much greater consideration at tho hands of tho powers that be than she received. After a few words from Councillor Manuell, and Councillor Donovan, Aid. Haywaud said that if the £25,000 sought from tho Government were obtained, much good might be effected. But if the Corporation were crippled by the want of means, asd could not continue to carry ou the city improvements, he would at once resign. Councillor Hell supported the order. Aid. M'Grath deprecated the principle of threaten ing to yield up tho ghost, because the Parliament had refused to give tho Corporation £25,000. Councillor Bowden contended that the amount of work done by the Corporation of Melbourne would bear, favorable comparison with any amount of work done by any other body. Ho was for a full, fair, and impartial inquiry into the affairs of this and all other municipalities in tHb district, having no fear of tho result. The motion was agreed to. Tha Council resolved that the drivers' license^ of Henry Solomon, aud tho carriage license of vehicle No. 225, be suspended for one week. The owners' and drivers' license of Alexander Anderson was sus pended for ono month. The recommendation that the drivers' liconso or Charles Dawson, and tho license of carriage No. 185, and the drivers' license of John Brownly, and the licenso of conveyance No. 409, bo suspended, was referred to the Markets Committee. The owners' and drivers' license of John Gunn was suspended for one month. Tho recommendation that a weighing bridge bo ended on tho market laud at the junction of Sydney anil Mount Alexander Toads was postponed. The conductor's license of William Brammell was can celled. The proposal that the City Inspector, Mr Dabbs, in consideration of the numerous duties required to be poiformod by him, be mado the usual forage allowance for a horso, was withdrawn. Tenders for cleansing certain wards wcro next con sidered, and appropriations made to tho extent of tho contract prices. A -Report recommending that an application bo made to the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments for 1900 yards of metal, in lieu of 1900 rubble stono, tho property of the Corporation, used iu building at tho Stockado was agreed to. The Market Committee wore instructed to framo regulations with a view to fixing the stands l'or licensed vi hicles in Bourke and Swanston-streets in tho ccntre of tho roadway, to direct that tho vehicle at tho head of the different stands should start to time (say overy fil' teon minutes), to limit tho number of vehicles on each Btand, and to fix carriage stands in Flinders-street at the Railway Station— tho Queeu's Wharf -tho West ern Market — in Latrobo street, opposite the Supreme Court, during sittings — and such other places withiu tho City as would be likely to tend to the public conve nience. The City Surveyor, under the direction of tho Market Committee, was instructed to prepare a plan for the arrangement of tho florso Sale Yards at the head of Elizaboth-streot, with a view to inviting tenders for the leasing of tho same. Thn Health Committeo were instructed to publish in the local journals, tho several clauses of the Police Act having immediate reference to the sanitary condition of tho City, and that on and after a certain date such clauses will bo most rigidly enforced ; and that the Committee bo further instructed to commuuieate with the Chief Commissioner of Police, with a view of ob taining the assistance of the Polico in carrying out the i ame. A report recommending that tho committee be author ised to pass a voucher for the amount of interest due on the over-draft to the Union Bank was adopted. - Upon the motion of Councillor J . M. Smith, the sum of £20 was voted towards tlie formation and metalling of five chains of A'Beckott street, provided the balance of the estimated cost belodged in tho hands of tlie City Treasurer, within one month from this data. Upon the motion of Councillor Groom, an appli cation is to be made to tho Boarcl of Land and Works, requesting tho Government to proceed immediately with the completion of tho Beilly-street drain, the money being already voted by Parliament. Tho next business was the consideration of a report relative to tho different claims against the sum of £1 000 lodged by Mr Robert Crawford, as security for the duo fulfilment of his contract for the formation, &o.;, of King and adjacent Btreeis : tho Council at this juncture was counted out,, whereupon the notice of motion, of which Alderman Hayward had previously given notice, lapsed. The Council then adjourned. 