NEW SOUTH WALES. THE Boomerang arrived on the wharf on Sunday at 12 o'clock. By the favour of Captain O'Reilly we are in possession of our correspondence and Sydney journal to the 28th ultimo. The leading ------ of ------- ------ ---- --- letter. THE WOLLOMBI GHOST.—Not a little interest has been excited by the story of the ghost at Querribilong which appeared some time ago in our columns, and not a few enquiries have been made as to the result of the search that it was understood was to be made. We can only say that the affair is still enveloped in mystery. Fifteen men were engaged for some time in digging the bed of ------- creek pointed out by the ghost as the spot where the remains of its, corporeal tenement lay hid. But as, although in ordinary seasons the bed of the creek is dry, there is now a current of water finding passage below the surface—a result of the rains of year—the search could not be carried out as far as was wished. The interest connect- ed with the is maintained however, by the fact that a bone was found; but doubts were expressed as to whether it was not the bone of a bullock, instead of a part of the remains of a human subject. We hear that the body was to be subjected to the examination of a medical man, and that the search will be renewed at an earlier period.—Sydney Morning Herald. SUSPICIOUS DEATH. — Mr. Charles Neill, a squatter on the Urannah Creek, was found dead a few days ago in the creek about seven miles from his own station, on Chapman's run. Deceased was return- ing home in a gig, driven by a man in his employee, and reached Chapman's sta- tion late in the evening. For some purpose or other Mr. Neill and his servant went to a wheatstack on the run, where a few spots of blood and traces of a strug- gle were afterwards observed. The body was found in the creek, and exhibited marks of h-----s behind the ear and on the breast. Deceased's purse and bank pass- book were found in the pocket of his clothes. The servant was found sitting in the ---- ------ ------- ------ bones after he \------ ------ ----- ---- at the station and on being questions, said he was waiting for Mr. Neill. Foul play was suspected, and the man was given in charge, but was subsequently discharged by the Wagga Wagga bench, there being no direct evidence against him. We may observe that the neighbour of the Urannah Creek bears an unpleasant notoriety, owning chiefly to the extent of the sly grog traffic ----- on there by hawkers and others. Already a case of rape, one of horse-stealing, and two of stabbing have accurred in that vicinity, and these outrages have now been capped by the crime of manslaughter or murder. \-- Bordere Post. COMMERCIAL BANK. - The Herald says There was ia general meeting of the shareholders in the Commercial Banking I Company on Friday, at which a highly satisfactory report was presented from the directory and a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent per annum declared. A vote of thanks was rewarded to the Board. On the same dat the shareholders in the Sydney Gas Consumers' Company met for a very different purpose - to consider the propriety of winding up --- concern. Only 10,000 share s were required to be taken up in order to set the enterprise fairly afoot, and no less than 10,121 had been applied for. But the applicants were remiss in the most essential part of the business -- in taking up their shares and paying the first instalment on them. Thus the amount paid was only £3011, while the amount still unpaid was £7113 3s. It was determined, thesefore, after some discussion, to wind up the business of the company with as little delay as possible, returning ninety percent of tlthe money paid by the shareholders, but retaining the other ten percent to cover expenses. It was intimated during the course of the proceedings that a new Gas Company would still pro- bably be called into existece, con- sisting of some ten or twelve per- sons, who would go into the matter as one of business alone -- i.e., with a view to make it a paying speculation to them- selves and without reference so the in- \------ts of the consumers. SUICIDE UNDER MYSTERIOUS --- main, on Thursday that upon --ew of the body of Margaret Callow, aged 24 years, who died from the effects of an over-dose of arsenic. Deceased, who was an un- married women had given birth to a son a fortnight previously, she had been well attended up and gone on we--, she had said, however three days before ---- ----- gical occurence that she would take her child home to its father, and then she would go to -- situation ; she accordingly took the child on Tuesday evening, and after leaving it with its father she returned at about nine o'clock, perfectly cool and quiet in her manner and appearance, and expressed herself contented and happy in her mind. After this she retired to her bedroom, taking with her a cup of tea, in which it is supposed she mixed the arsenic from the effects of which she died, and pieces of which were found in her stomach, upon a post mortem examination being performed the next day. The unfortunate woman was a native of Dublin. She was spoken of as being of a very frenzied habit of temper at times. Verdict, --i - prary insanity. S.M.Herald, Jan. 28. By recent advices from New Zealand, we learn that H M.S. Iris, Captain Lor ing, was at the Bay of Islands, and was to remain there for a time in order to grace the ceremony of raising a new flagstaff in the place of that cut down bys the late redoubtable Honi Heki. The Iris has been to Tana. one of the New Hebrides to enquire into the murder of two Englishmen - the mate and carpenter -belonging to a vessel called the New Forest A number of the natives were arrested and examined, but it was found impossible to trace out the real murderers ; and all that could be done was to caution The Tanese as to their future dealings with the white trader. When we heard that the Irin was to go as far as Tana, we had hoped that she would stretch a little more to the northward, and pay a visit to Woodlark Island. But no. To the stain of the British name, and to the eternal disgrace of the ruling powers of New South Wales, the people of that Islanad are permitted to murder and en- sslave Englishmen at will, with the most complete impunity. They are neither to to be called to task for their butcheries,, nor are thet to be molested in their pastime of taking white captives. -- Herald. DEATH BY RUNNING OVER. - An in- quest was held at Homebush, on Thurs- day last, upon view of the body of Mary Ann Talbot aged 53 years, who had been accidentally killed by two horses bolting and throwing her with great viol- ence from a cart she wis riding in - the wheel of the cart, aster striking her several times as she held on, passing over her body and her neck being dislocated by the fall. The jurors pronounced the shaft horse a very dangerous and unfit animal to be used in a dray. In tran- spired in evidence that the husband of the deceased, who brought her and a son from New York live yean ago, was drowned at Mudgee whilst attempting to cross the Cudgegong River in November last. The mother and son vvere return- last from the diggings en route for British North America, where they were possessed of some landed property. HOMEOPATHETIC--PRACTICE - An inquest was held at Balmain on the 9th instant, and by adjournment to the 19th, upon view the the body of Charlotte Holliday, aged ten months, whose death was found to have been occasioned by natural causes, but at the same time in such a manner that the jurors were induced to make a request for the publication of the evidence, which we therefore give an abridged form. Thomas Holiday, a shoemaker, and the father of deceased, deposed that on the 2nd instant the child was seized with severe vomiting and could keep nothing on her stomach. M. Sachs, a homoeopathist was called in ; he ex amined her, and said she was not dangerously ill and gave her "something in size re sembling the tops of pins 'heads, which he called globules, " he ordered her two of them every hour. The child grew worse every day, and was not visited regu larly by M Sachs ; but on the morn ing of the 8th he called in and saw her. He said she was "ill - very ill;" he sent for witness, who went to the house, when he told him he wished to consult with another doctor ; he said the charge would be two guineas ; witness said he was a poor man and could not afford to pay such a sum, M. Sachs then asked wit ness to accompany him to see the doctor ; he did not go, but the Dr. went to Syd ney, and his (witness's) wife observing after this that the child's condition was getting very bad she carried it over to Sydney to Mr. Elliot, surgeon ; it was brought home at about half past eleven o'clock, in a condition worse than before, and died aobout half past six o'olock the same evening : witness applied to Sachs for a certificate after the child's death, when he said he would not give one, but Mr. Elliot must be applied to for one ; witness went to Mr. Elliot next morning and he also said I be could not give a cer tificate not having attended on the child ; witness had called in M. Sachs because he had heard he was a good doctor Mr. O. S. Evan, surgeon, and deputy registrar residing at Balmain, gave evi dence that he was proceeding to register the child's death when, coming to the mention of the cause, Holliday said it was water on the brain, and he asked him for the usual medical certificate, when he was told that the person who attended the child (naming Saclhs) had refused to give one in consequence of its having been taken to Mr. Elliott when in a dying state ; witness said he must have M. Saths certificate , he also required a cer tificate from Mr. Elliot, but that gentle man stated he had only administered a stimulant to the child on the Friday, when it was in a dying state, and he gave a cer tificate to that effect ; M Sachs promised to send witness a certificate explaining the cause of death, but he did not do so ; and in consequence of his telling him (witness) to do as he liked in the matter, he reported the case to the city coroner, M Sachs never attended any patient with witness, who had reported the case as one affecting himself as District Registrar only Mary Ann Holliday deposed gene rally to the facts of the childs condition \------ illness, which, she said, set in about \-------- January the child had never been exposed to the sun so as to get in jured by it, on the 2nd instmt she took her to M. Sachs, who said she was teeth ing and he would give her medicine to stop the sickness ;,he gave some minute globules for her, she took them ac- cording to direction, but continued get- ing worse ; he afterwards gave a liquid \---- her, and this was administered with- out any good effect; finding the child becoming worse, witness took her again to .Scachs, who still said he had no fear for her, ---- he would change the medicine, the child was now extremely ill and getting worse ------- the 8th she observed her and laying her upon the bed she fetched the doctor, ----raintued the child and made no --- ---pt said it must have more medicine, ---- he sent down, saying he did not d----- Sachs then sent for the child's father, ------- ---- wished to speak with him ; went, and witness observing tha--- child was dying, immediately took her over to Sydney, to Mr. Elliott, who said, when he saw it, it was beyond all hope of recovery ; the child dies that evening ; when M. Sachs took charge of her child there was not a healthier child in Bal- main ; it had never been attended by a medical man. The Coroner deeming the case was one demanding the strictest in- vestigation, adjourned the inquest in order that a post mortem examination of the child's body might be made. The in- quest being resumed uti the 11th January. Charles Nathan, F.R.C.S., a duly quali- tied medical practitioner deposed; I ex- amined the body of a female child named Charlotte Holliday, on- last Saturday. The body was in good condition ; the eyes were sunken ; there were appearances of great exhaustion before death ; there were no bruises or marks of violence ; I opened the head and found the brain con- gested ; there had been no inflammation or effusion ; the lungs and heart were healthy ; the stomach and intestines were healthy ; and the stomach contained some aromatic fluid corresponding in smell with the bottle shown me as having been supplied by Mr. Elliott. The intestines were empty; the gall bladder'was dis- tended with gall ; the liver, kidneys, and other viscera were healthy. My opinion is that the child died of exhaus- tion caused by vomiting and purging - the result of congestion of the brain. By the Coroner : If active treatment had been employed, there was every hope that the life of the child would have been saved. The child did not die of water on the brain ; the globules were useless in my opinion ; I would have treated such a case by leeches, perhaps blisters, applied to the head, together with mer- cury, warmth to the feet, cold applica- tions to the head, quiet and darkness, and perhaps remedies to allay the irrita- tion of the bowels; if the gums had been swollen I would have lanced them ; I I should not have allowed the deceased child to be brought to my house; I would have attended to it where it lived ; I do not think the state I found the brain in was caused by direct exposure to the sun ; no fall would have caused it ; teething might have assisted to cause con- gestion of the brain ; I am not aware that M. Sachs is a legally qualified medi- cal practitioner. Mr. G R. Elliott, surgeon, deposed to the circumstances connected with the bringing of the child to his shop ; he found it to be in a state of complete prostration, and he observed that it did not suffer from water on the brain. M. A. Holliday, the mother of the deceased child was re-examined : Nothing new transpired, except that the child was still at the breast, and the mother was in the habit of eat- ing freely of fruit and onions and cucum- ber; also that there was no purging till after the globules were administered and then the dejections were liquid and curdled,, and very offensive ; and there was exces- sive thirst. This evidente was borne out at a further adjourned inquest, by the mother of Mrs. Holliday. The same wit- ness averred that M. Sachs never said the child had water on the brain, and that his instructions to the mother during her child's attack were that she must desist from eating vegetables and unwholesome food. Mr. Stephen, attorney on behalf of M. Sachs, was present on this occasion, and he cross-examined this witness. He also acknowledged that M. Sachs had not a medical diploma present with him in the colony, nor had he any certificate from the Medical Board of New South Wales. A further adjournment took place until the 19th instant, for the purpose of affording M. Sachs an opportunity of jus- tifying his course of treatment of the deceased. Mr. F. Bellamy, a duly quali- fied medical practitiouer, adopting the ho- moepathic system, spoke in testimony of M. Sachs' fitness as a practitioner. A document was also produced from M. Sachs, showing what his treatment had been in this case. Testimonials of a complimentary character in M. Sachs' behalf were also read and a deposition was given by the Rev. W. Stark, A.B., of Balmain, in which he stated the benefits which had resulted to his child from M. Sachs' treatment. -S. M. Herald. Anothor nugget has been found at the Turon, of pure gold weighing 125 ounces The lucky finder is a maa named Rogers. DEATH BY FALLING from A BALCONY. An inquest was held at the Australian Oak, Cumberland-street, on Tuesday last, on view, of the body of Rosa Brewster, aged three years and nine months, who came to her death on Sunday evening by falling from off a balcony 2 ) feet high, situate in Fort-street. Verdict, acciden- tal death. The deceased was the child of Mr. John Brewster, J P , of Dubbo ; she had been repeatedly left on the balcony in the company of her litte brother (6 years old) who was then with her. The rails were four feet high. SUPPOSED PIRATES.-On Saturday, the 9th instant, a messenger arrived early in the morning, with the intelli- gence that a boat full of armed men had entered Merimbula harbour, and that the inhabitants of the surrounding district, who were very much alarmed, required assistance. Upon the receipt of this in- formation Mr. Keon, P.M., sub-Collector of Customs, armed his boat's crew and pulled round to Merimbula, while Mr. Murray, P.M., accompanied by Mr. J. H. Thomas, and Mr. Walker, the chief con- stable, started off on horse-back. Upon arriving, it was found that the con- stables and some of the inhabitants had secured the boat and had got the men handcuffed. Mr. Keon searched the boat, which was a large whaling hboat, bearing the name of "Black Bess" on her bows, and found fire-arms of all descriptions, with a quantity of powder and shot, spirits, tobacco, cigars, &c;, besides several trunks and carpets bags filled with sundries, which have the appearance of belonging to passengers. The men (four) when taken had eacheach a Colt's revolver, loaded ; they stated that they were Americans on their way to Sydney, from Melbourne, and had only put in for water, but the circumstances of the cargo, the quantity of charged fire-arms, caused suspicion, and Mr. Keon thought it necessary to send the men to Edan by land. and the boat with its conte ..... he gave in charge to the chief constabl .... be ......... round by the Costal boats to Twofold Bay. A far- ....................will take place to-day ....... Correspondent. Mr. H. Larmour, the ex-manager of the E. and A.R.M. Company, so favorably known in our community, has the charge of winding up thd estate of Mr. Henry Fisher. THE ELEXCTION OF THE CITY OF SYDNEY. Touching this matter, the Argus of Thursday last remarks :- We cannot co- incide with the remark of the Empire that the result of the metropolitan elec- tion admits of no popular interpretation whatever." Of the four ministerialists two | have been taken and two left. The ac- cepted ones are M . Cowper, the Premier, and Mr. Robert Campbell, the Treasurer, and these gentlemen stand lowest in the list of successful candidates. At the general election Mr Cowper headed the poll, and Mr. Campbell was third, the opposition brought to bear against them being of a far more formidable character than any presented on this occasion. Then upwards of 3000 votes were polled by each candidate. Now, the average of the votes distributed is scarcely 2000. The gentleman heading the poll, Mr. George Thornton (the late Mayor), is hardly known as a politician. The one standing next him is Mr. Tooth, the day before defeated for the Hamlets. Mr. Cowper, the I'remier, obtained 2092 votes-not much more than half those polled for him on his last contested elec- tion; Mr. Campbell, his Treasurer, 2140, The " popular significance" of this result amounts to a decisive defeat of the poli- tical party who have hitherto held the Sydney constituency in their own hands. In every contested election the section represented by the Bunch has prevailed by large majorities. It defeated Mr. Kemp. It defeated Mr. Pluukett. It defeated Mr. Fairfax. With the excep- tion of Mr. Henry Parkes, the gentlemen by whom these victories were gained were either little known or of very slight influence in public life. Mr. Wilshire, who boat Mr. Pluukett, is a man of very respectable mediocrity. Mr. Dalley who beat Mr Fairfax, was a young colonial barrister who had hardly had time to handle a brief when he was forced into politics. So now, Mr. Thorn- ton, who heads the poll, and Mr. Robert Tooth, are men of respectablity, with no other prominent recommendation to politi- cal life. Looking at the history of the Syd- ney elections under the new constitution, we may almost say that until now, anybody put forward in the name of the Bunch would have carried the day, and that now, anybody put forward against them will meet with a corresponding success. For the Prime Minster, who was placed two years ago at the head of the poll by 3000 voters, to be placed now at the bottom of the successful four by 2092, is, we appre- hend, as siginncant a defeat as his rejec- tion would have been. It is obvious that the popular party have lost faith in Mr. Cowper's Government. 