' ii ii m --? -----i^^^^^^^»»^*»?^?,^ll»»^^ .nvrttfl MEN'B CHRItWIAN ASSOCIATION. I IUV«u -. _ Fr»TH Amhual Mantua. i Thi fifth annual meeting of this I»««««*« wasjttíd ^erdav evening, in the Infant &*?^»» ^H" Äw'tVat h'alf.past seveHodock, Mr. JohnFair to theResident óFtne AjaocUtiop, being xn the C,,Sêatte»aance wu veiy numerous and *jmf&£ «dthfaudience in great part wu composedlot ladies, imowrit those present we recognUed the Venerable Sew of Sydney. «?. Bev. fir. Hassall, the Rev. »Äston'the^ev. Mr. Beasley,, the Rev. Mr. Ltuusdeme, the Hon. George Allen, with many other Influential gentlemen. ,_, .. TbTpwwnaWTssid it was usual, in opening the buime* of institutions like this, to commence with tailoring the Divine blessing. He now called on the Rev. Hngh Darling to offer np prayer. Mr. Dabmno having offered up an appropriate I*Ther,pMsronrr said, it was not necessary that he should introduce the busineu which would be brought before them in a lengthy speech, u a very full report of the proceedings of the Society would be submitted to them. What had bee» done and what wu to be done wss fully set forth, and it wu now only his duty to call upon the secretary, Mr. Langley, to read ftereport Firm Airurat BsroBT. Tjrrsonueroat.-A great writer has put lton record that "there li » tide in the affair« of men." The «ame may with much truth be sppUed to Institutions. There Is the ebb, the steady flow, the full flood. To all these conditions the Young Men's Christian Association of Sydney ha« not been an exception dnrlng the year Oat Is past. The echoes of the foarth annual meeting had scarcely pttsed away ere dangers «rose whleh threatened the success and Hclenoy of the institution. Many difficulties, differing In kind, whlohwlll hereafter be explained, hsve beset your eommlttee; but being fully persuaded that the work is "of God." and trust- ing In His arm for strength, and in His wisdom for guidance, then hare been enabled to surmount most of their difficulties, and have placed the Association in a position It never before attained, and one more becoming its high mission to the world of young ?en. They rejoice to te able to say that it hu passed from a state of comparative seclusion to one of attractive promineneo; and, from the fact that gentlemen of influence aro seeking to become connected with It, it is evident it is advancing in public estimation, and has beeomo one of the recognised institutions of Kew South Wales. The committee desiro to impress upon the Binds of all that, however valuable the secular advantages of the kuUtutton may be, tbey are all subordinate, and as a means to, tho great aim of tho Association, vis.-the spiritual Improvement of young men ; and, while thankful that the faculties and auxilia- ries for doing good bave become increased, they yet feel that sxtrs responsibility to work for the Saviour has b'-en Incurred by those yountf men of tho institution who profess to be His disciples. When it Is borne in mind that the Christian young men of America-have taken a conspicuous part in the late revival, It Is not too much for your committee to ask, now that one great fltclllty is obtained, that the Christian young men of Sydney will "be up and doing,"-cooperating heart ana hand for the hasten- ing of that time when "the earth sholl be filled with the know- le«« of tho glory of the Lord, ss the waters cover tho sea." NawPaxmaKs-In September, 1857, yonr committee having received IntlmaUon necessitating their removal, they decided ison taking the rooms at 402, George-street, for one year (which lena will expire on the 30th proximo), at an annual rental of «SOO. They deemed that the extra rental was partly compen- ) ?ted for by extra class room«; but soon became convinced that - the premises were not adapted to the purposes of the Association. In Juno last, it became known to them that the present premises vere unoccupied, and being found suitable, your committee en Hied them on a lease far two year', and the option of eighteen ?ootha extra, at a rental of xVJlO per annum. The necessary alterations having been completed, they were opened by an inau- gural soiree, on the evening of the 3rd of August. In the absence of the President, the chair was occupied by Alexander Macarthur, Esq., and the meeting addressed by several ministers and lay friends. The whole passed off in a most enthusiastic manner. Ia order to reduce expenses your oommittee have rented the lec- ture room to a body of Christians for worship on sabbath morning and evening; and they believe that during the ensuing year much of the extra rental will be recovered by Utting this room for SiMic meetings and other purposes. Your committee «re awaro it a double expense hu been incurred by engaging these pre- mises before the expiration of the lease of their late rooms, but they deemed that it would be better even to do this for three Booths than risk losing the present eligible premises. Tax Rbupimo Book.-The reading room is large, comfortable, and easy of «eneas, and s furnished with all the most valuable »olonial papers, magasines, &o.;, and a considerable portion of (nose issued in Great Britain. lu efficiency has been lately much Increased, and it Is further contemplated to add any other publica- tion» of deserved reputation, moro particularly such as have a direct Christian tendency. This, with the other rooms, Is open dally, from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Tas Library.-This department has also been below the re onlremeats of the Association, but a considerable Improvement ha« Seen effected during th« post year, and now bids fair to form one of the most valuable adjuncts in the future wont of the Associa- tion. The library at present contains about 400 volumes, a'l of decided merit. The eommitteo have thought It far more import- ant to sccuro a library (even though small) of unquestionable worth, both as regards tone and ability, than to seek a targe col- lection of books of blemished reputation. They have, therefore, deemed it their duty carefully to exclude any that may tend to produce in young men an unfltness cither for the active realities of business or the duties they owe to tho church. The com- mittee gratefully acknowledge donations of books from the late Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, Messrs. T. B. Bolln, Thomas Bardwell, and other gentlemen. A plan has been dovlscd, and is now in courso of execution, by which It Is hoped this branch of the assoeistion will be much im- proved, vis., the appointment of a committee from the members of each Protestant dénomination, being also members of this insti- tution, to procure from amongst their respective denominations their own standard works. LscTDRKS.-The following have been delivered during the past year, viz. .--In the large room of the Association, George-street, next the Bank of New South Wales, on "The existence of a God," tv Mr. J. J. Balley. On the 28th May, In the Congregational Chapel, Pitt-street, kindly granted for the occasion. "St. Paul," hy the Bev. T. Binney, of London ; also, a course of lectures In the Infant School-room, Castlereagh-street, through the kindness of the Bev. Canon Allwood. On July S, .. A Church considered os a social institution," by hi« Excellency the Governor-General. On July 13, "Human 8ymmctry," by tho Rev. C. K. M. Wilson. Free Oraren, Victoria. On July 19, " Structural parallelism, a prevail it In the Sacred Bcriçtur^" by the faur peculiarity of arrangement Eev.W.M'Intyrc.M.A., of Mowara, un ¿nura* -my mein IaX>Choo,Japan««o Empire." by the Bev. G. ft. Moreton. On AugustT " Healey Vlcars/'by Mr. Thomas Smith, of Providence Chanel. On August », " Cbrlatlan Union," by the Rev. John Reid, of Boots Church. On August 16, "General Havelock," by the Bev. W. Cuthbertson, B.A. On August 23, "The blessings of ehrMtanity," by the Bight Bev. the Lord Bishop of Sydney. These leeturcs were unusually well attended, the Interest Increasing as the course progressed. .The eommlttee take this opportunity of publicly acknowledging their gratitude to tho lecturers for the eminent services thus ren- dered the Association, and of testifying to the generally expressed conviction, that the delivery of such lecture«, by the members of the various branches of the Christian Church, must materially tend to stimulate the mental, moral, and social elevation or young Ben, and to bind all sections of the Church of Christ in the bonds of universal brotherhood, Claish.-Your committee consider tbis department of the Association one of its most important agencies for the mental im- provement of it* member« ana subscribers. Lins Cuss.-This class, which meets two evenings in the week, was under the efficient management of the Rev. B. Boag, BJU but from the multiplicity of his other engagements he fcund it necessary to discontinue It The Bar. W. Farrar, M.A., immediately acceded to the request of the committee, in the kindest manner, by assuming the charge, wbieb he bos attended to with evident success. Your committee take this opportunity of recording their thanks to both gentlemen for the interest they have uniformly displayed in tho progress of this class. Mathixatical Cuss.-This class has hitherto been conducted by Mr. J. D. Langley, who bas instructed his punils in Euclid's elements, and algebra ; the latter branoh having been but recently added. Mr. Langley being obliged, in consequence of other en fagetaents, to resign his charge, your eommlttee are happy to announce that the Bev. Ilenry J. Hose, M.A., Warden of St. Ami's College, has consented to conduct it for tho ensuing year. Buwimo Class.-This ela««, .which meets three evenings in the week, Is under the able superintendence of Mr. A. Crux, whose system of teaching drawing from models bos proved highly successful. Mr. Crux has al«o imparted Instruction« in archi- tectural design, which have produced from the pupil« several plans that are very creditable. During the ensuing year it is Mr. Crux's intention to deliver lectures to the students on deoora ttv* art, from the Grammar of Ornament, by Owen Jones. DiBATiNa AMD Elocvtiok Cussks.-Your committee bope that both these classes have conduced to the improvement of their members respectively. Several interesting and creditable debates have taken place during the year, and considering the testimony of those who have benefited by them, the growing interest which the classes exhibit, and the superior accommodation whioh the new lecture room affords, they indulge the hope that much will be accomplished by thom during tho ensuing year. WairiMo ano BoOK-KXKFixo Cuss.-This userai class is con ended by Mr. David Walker, its attendance is from 16 to 39, and the result of Its working promises much benefit to its members. Hunxw Clam.-The Bev. B. Boag, B.A., has kindly under- taken the instruction of this class, which promises to be of a most astral character. Gaits Class.-The Bev. Henry J. Hose, M.A., having kindly consented to conduct a Greek class upon one evening in the week, Tour committee earnestly hope that many young men will be in Weed to avail themselves of his valuable instructions. French, Fhonographio, and Vocal Muslo classes are In course of formation, and when a sufficient number of pupils offer themselves they will bo commenced. All the foregoing (except the drawing class), are free to sub- scribers of tie Association. Bulk Class and Divotiohal Mïrnrio.-This class has con- tinued to assemble every Lord's Day afternoon during the past year, except in the summer months of December ana January, when it was suspended. It was recommenced in February with on interesting and instructive address by the Bev. James Voller, on "The Study of the Scriptures." The attendance has been very fluctuating, at present tbe average Is fifteen. The committee deem it necessary to state that this class is not intended so much for Christian young men, as for enquirers after salvation and others not yet settled in the first principles of the doctrine of Christ, It is conducted by two of the committee. Tho devotional meeting has been held without Intermission every Wednesday evening during tho past year. It Is conducted by members of the committee, and ho» for the most part been well attended. The present average is twenty. Your committee believe these meet- ing« to be most important in their results, and that a future day will declare the good that has been sccomnlishcd hv »ho,». Toac made i members c _ _,_,."." " .... oonverted young men. Large numbers have'been distributed! and pur oommittee hope that the great Head of the Church will own his desirable work. Social Mxstimob.-These meetings, held by member» for mutual recognition, and for considering any better method for the sue ocsMül working of the Association, bave been attended generally with the most satisfactory results. Tho number attending them has not, during the past year, been large, the rooms and other jetton« disadvantages very much militating against them. On SLT"^"8 of Christmas Day an excellent meeting was held, mELIii °.f-m-t. A< «««arthur, Esq, (In the absence of the Pre S^vSthe ïhslr. Addresses were delivered by the Bev. B. ««I?. B. A" nnd several young men of the Association. .Tlc?mHIES-"rTbo Committee think it necessary to moko a few w? î.upon. tho cuan(tes which have taken place under this tWr»'t.2r» 3J.?' hTPeZ 5?7¡0f "»toned as Corresponding ««retsry, and Air. Lewis finding it impossible to discharge tho «nues in a satisfactory manner, requested that another Corrcs ESî Secretary might be appointed. Mr. James Stocks was «cwrdlngly choson, who together with Mr. Lewis retained office uu June, when both felt It their duty to resign. Mr. J.D. ÎO7 7?" w-iIe«t«a, and in eonjunotlon with Mr. Alfred Btftg, affitMvS!ÍRDl5.,0vdtaí,l»,w the dutiea of the offlco UM the 31st éhi«M. ~-.m ,ho.Ins«Wtlon can support a poid Secretary, these báñete? ooea»lon»Uy *. «n»ue, the duties being of an onerous daSMlSi'^^0?' c°n>mUtee oom*, before yon last year with a ^""W'8114"*"! to hove to announce the some this year, to leA'-SK "f11?- ? TT1 however, be apparent from the iset that the Association has had to occupy uutt distinct « Smalt** within tat last IS «aeatts, that «rest **__**. _"_* avekee.Ttosamd, all of which your .o__dtt*.»!T« Í£ní__ E_tiiAt_taevsab(_ttsd tas'last resort. JMaWttmtttM ltsalf. jour ooasmlttee are a»vrifui_a that fey «.. expirauon or ». lSÄtolMUtuUon-mb7t»V.svpporü^ The lUt of officers and ooBamlttee for the ensuing year having been readr _*__ _._* The Very Bev. DnaH Cow»» rose to move the first .«.dutton. He .aid he had great a^MMWimriafaacto move the resolation whioh had been «MM to his hands that eveninc. After the verviatere^ and valuable report which had be«n W**^thera« ing, he thought that all pw-ent J"^*^*?»Jgf that the first part of the resolution, whiehhad refer encelto the planting of that report, ought to be adopted. The reflation, however, waa not a mere simple formal on« with reference to the adoption of the report, for it was one which made mention of other important topics. The resolution waa a« follow« :-" That the report now read be adopted; and that thi« meeting desires to re- cord its gratitude to the Divine Being for the success of the institution during the past year, though under numerous discouragements ; and feel« persuaded that it hu evinced unquestionable olainu to the sympathy aad pecuniary support of the Christian and mercantile communities/' He had already «aid that the report was an interesting one-he thought it was un usually «o. It took in a «onsiderable range of subjects, and had «hown more fully than he waa at first aware the great value of the Young Men'« Chriatiau Associ- ation and the importance of Ita operations in the city of Sydney. (Cheers.) He thought it was impossible to contemplate the working of the Association with- out feeling grateful to Almighty God who had enabled the voting men, who had taken auch an interest in it, to carry on their operation« so successfully aa they had done. And although he deeply regretted there was such a heavy debt pressing upon the Association, he yet had no doubt that the energy and seal of the young men them»elve» who had banded together in the Association, would ahortly, with the Divine blessing, enable them to get rid of that incubus. It was most gratifying to know that there waa a number of young men in the city thus endeavouring to spread the influences and principles of Christianity-en- deavouring to do good to each other, and to do good to those around them-in fact, endeavouring to do good to the whole community in whioh they lived. This augured well for the greatness and pros- perity of Australia. He trusted that as the influence of the Association extended, they would go on in- creasing in number, and as they increased in number, they would also increase in knowledge, in power, in usefulness, and in ability to accomplish the ends for which the Association was formed. (Cheers.) For the information of the public the report should be printed, so that the operations of the Association should be made known a« widely as possible. (Cheers.) He believed that the adoption of thi» measure would tend to make the Institution more widely known, and thereby also increase ita usefulness, and he therefore trusted in adopting the report, that it would be also .greed upon, that it be printed and circulated as widely u possible. He would now turn to the second part of the resolution, which was an expression of gratitude to Almighty God for the s acocas of the institution during the peat year, though assailed by numerous difficulties and discouragements. Notwithstanding the debt of which they had heard, he thought it was impossible to contemplate the ope- rations of the Society, as detailed in the report, with- out acknowledging that it had been attended with great success. And when they considered that it was only by the Divine blessing that success could be ob- tained, and that only through the gracious influence« of the spirit of God that the operations of these young men whose hearts were engaged in the good work, their gratitude ahould ascend to Him who had put it into their hearts to commence this work, and had enabled them so successfully to carry out their objects. He could, but that he vu unwilling to do so, occupy much time in dwelling upon some of the peculiar cha- racters of the operationa of the Association. He would not detain the meeting by entering into particular detail«, but he must «ay that he looked with great satisfaction upon those parta in the opera- tions of the Association which tended to promote a Christian character and improve the Christian princi- ples of those young men who had united themselves together. (Cheers.) This, to his mind, was the most important feature of the Institution ; and he trusted that a healthy Christianity-a positive and decided Christianity-would ever mark the actions of the young men who formed the member« of this Associa- tion. One of the great dangers of the present day lay in a kind of negative Christianity. (Cheers.) Toere was a sort of Christianity abroad which wore a sort of neutral tint, but what it waa you could not tell exactly. It was a sort of Christianity, but when ex- amined closely and narrowly, it would be found want- ing in the real principle and power of the Gospel of Christ. He trusted this would be avoided by the young men, and that in their devotional courses, in their different classes for improvement, they would stimulate each other to maintain and to propagate in the land the foil and true gospel of Christ-the whole gospel, and nothing «bott of that gospel, which waa contained in the New Testament, preached by the disciples and apostles, and which waa the power of God to salvation to every one who truly believed. (Cheers.) On reading, aa heoocaeionallydid.iheoutline of a lecture which was delivered a short time ago, he waa particularly pleased with one lecture, entitled " Christian Union." The lecturer treated the subject well, and pointed out in a very clear manner the peculiar doctrines of (7hr_tja_ity, which all those who might be considered«« orthodox Christians, held and maintained. It was very important that the young men ahould keep those great principles always before their minds. Perhaps it would not be proper on such occasions to enter into the particular details of that lecture, but, referring to it, he must say that he cordially agreed with what the lecturer stated to be the great doctrines on whioh all good Christiana were united. He thought nothing of that Christianity whioh did not honour the Son of God as coeval with the Father. He thought nothing of that Christianity which did not lay the foundation of man'« salvation in the all-suffering atonement and vicarious sacrifice. Because, if that doctrine be neutralised by any false philosophy of man, then, he said, these great principles were not acted up to in the full spirit. Neither did he believe in that Christianity which did not teach that man waa just only through the merita of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, without human means or human merit Nor did he believe in that Christianity which did not honour the Holy Ghost as the third person of the Glorious Trinity, by whose sanctifying power the soul of man was renewed, purified, and made meet for everlasting glory in heaven. But when united together in belief in these doctrines, without entering into minor details, then he said they were Christiana, and were united together in Christian fellowship, as those who were one with the Great Head of the Church. These were the principles he trusted the young men of the Asso- ciation would ever maintain, and wonld endeavour to carry out in their spiritual improvement, and for the welfare of this land in which their lot in life was cast. He trusted the Association would be the means of maintaining and diffusing those principle« throughout the community. He believed the Society had by the efforts they had already made, done good service to this community, and by their lectures had tended much to the maintenance of pure Christianity. He trusted, therefore, that they wonld feel with him that they owed a debt of gratitude to God for the blessings whioh He had in this respect conferred upon the Association during the past year. He thought, there- fore, that he might put before tbe meeting that part of the resolution which declared that the Association had put forth unquestionable claims for the sympathy of the " Christian and mercantile community." " He who does good deserves to be supported ;" and when a society of this kind waa doing a great moral good in their midst-that society deserved to be supported. But there were two communities especially men- tioned in the resolution-the Christian community and the mercantile community. He had already spoken of the claims of the Association upon the Christian community, or rather alluded to them, and he would now add a few words upon the other point. They all knew that there waa great encouragement in sympathy expressed in a substantial manner. Worda of sympathy were easily uttered, but it wss substantial sympathy that was wanted-sympathy that could be felt in the hand was the kind that encouraged most. ThiB he thought was meant by the resolution-that the Association evinced unquestionable claims to the sympathy and pecuniary support of these two commu- nities. The pecuniary was, therefore, to be exigetical to the other. There was sympathy to be shown in various ways ¡ but the pecuniary sympathy was that sort which he hoped the meeting would not forget to show. (Cheers.) There were many ways in which sympathy could be shown, in a feeling of encourage- ment and approbation towards the young men who were doing a great work for Australia - towal ds youog men who were really worthy of the support and counten- ance of their fellow-citizens. He would say a few words with regard to the claims of the Association on the mercantile community ; and if he proved that these claims were well-founded, he hoped that those who belonged to that community would do something to I wards enabling the Association to get rid of the in- cubus-of the night-mare of debt, under which it wa« ' at present luff«! g. Let them look for a moment at the e|lMt of tit« Association upon the young men em plored by the msrehantar the «hopkeepers, and the tradesmen of the city in a variety of way«. The Associa- tion offered a home every evening to a number of young men who otherwise might not know where to go to to spend,« few hours profitably, after their long hours of labour and toil. In a room of the Association they could obtain refreshment for the body, while in another they could get refreshment for the mind. They could change the character of their occupation«, and by inch a change render their daily duties more light and plea- sant, so that from the desk or the counter they could turn to the class-room or reading- room. By young men thus joining in classea for mental and moral im Srovement, they wonld become more fitted for the uties of life-their principle« would become «treng thened, they would grow up better men, and esoh and every day they would all individuully be better able to perform the duties set them by their employers. (Cheers.) By means of the Association, the young men who joined it were pre- served from the snare« and temptation« whioh sur- rounded the young men of a city. On this ground .lone, the Association-by affording opportunities to young men to improve themselves, by preserving them from the temptation« to which they were exposed had a strong claim upon the support of the mercantile community, and which, when the member« of that community had pondered well upon, he wu eure they would substantially acknowledge. He would not longer occupy the time of the meeting, u other« were to follow him who could better explain the great blessings that had been conferred upon the community through the working of the Association. He would, therefore, merely add that the Institution had his most cordial approval, and that he really rejoiced at knowing that it had made so firm footing in the community as it had done. He trusted that it would increase in use fulness by continuing to deserve the blessing of that great Master whom they all professed to serve. He had great pleasure in moving the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. J. J. ELvlibt (a member of the Association) rose to second the resolution. He advocated the claim of the Association upon the support of the public. That public the Association would be glad to welcome at their new home, so that their proceedings might become better and more generally known and under- stood. Aa they had abandoned lodgings and taken a house to itself, the Associa- tion wanted funds to enable it to support ita new dignity, and for that purpose they had now appealed to their friends. The meeting was asked to adopt the report that had been read, and therefore it was only fair that the meeting ahould be made acquainted with what they were doing. A« to their character and mode of proceeding, a great mis- take had gone abroad. It was reported that they were a set of young men who were banded together on ex- clusive principles, to the exclusion of those with whom, it waa said, they did not wish to associate. This was a very great mistake indeed, but how it had arisen he did not know. On the contrary, they wanted the young men of Sydney to join them-the young men from counters, from desks, and from the work-shops-to join their classes, and after their day's labour to learn that there was something independent of mere business or gain to live for and to achieve. They wanted young lade just leaving school and going into busi- ness-those who were just beginning to fight the battle of life-while vet they were uncontaminated by a knowledge of the world. They wanted auch as those , for the institution, because they believed that if they ' could attract these young men to their* rooms, and induce them to join in the classes and continue their school studies of an evening, they would find no time to learn the lesson too frequently taught and aptly learned that the chief end and aim of their young lives waa to smoke cigars and drink brandy. The most trying time, he thought, of a young man's life was just .«ter he had left school, and waa sent from home, into a large town, to learn a profession or business. He has just left the home where he was tenderly watched by the loving eyes of a father and mother, whose affection had hitherto guarded him from sin and evil-the mother's kiss «till warm on his Ups hia cheeks «till moist with her tears. For the first time he ii accosted in a cold voice-colder hearts around him. For the first time in the shop or at the countinir-desk he hears the ribald jest In his room at night he takes his sister's Bible to read, as was his wont at home, the word of God ; or goes on his knees to implore a blessing from Him who listeneth to the sorrowing appeal of a child as well sa to the cry of the strong man in agony ; but he ia met with the taunt and the jeer, and he must be indeed a young hero and . Christian who, in the presence of such a company, dare confess that it was his habit to pray to God. It was such young men as these the Association was anxious should join its classes and become members, so that it might become . sort of second Christian home to them. It might be said that thara wa« a-Meehanica' Hall and a School of Arta where young men could go and improve themselves. This waa true in one respect, but he maintained that it was only in an institution like that of the Young Men's Christian Association, where these principles of Christianity, which fitted men for this world aa well aa for the world to come, could be properly and effectively inculcated. The great principles of the institution waa Christianity, and the education of the people was one of the peculiar provinces of Christianity. The Jewish scribe, the Roman poet, and the Greek philosopher, though differing in many things, agreed on this-that the common people were the profanum vulgu$. Even in democratic Athens, Socrates, a great lover of hia kind, aaid that physical labour waa incompatible with mental cultivation. But these doctrines had given way to better feeling«. Christianity had swept away these error«, and now the education of the masses of the people flowed principally from Christianity,-and, in fact, this education was a corollary to the existence of the blessed founder of Christianity. In these opera- tions they had encountered many difficulties, and yet he thought they had after all established a fair claim to the sympathy and support of all who were anxious for the welfare of the young men of the colony.' (Cheers.) The main principle, of the association waa that of Christianity. Upon their observance of Christian duties they laid claim to support Christianity, advanced the cause of nation« ; and without it no na- tion could be great or powerful. The universal page of history proved this- proved that the welfare and stability of a nation was inseparably con- nected with the moral and religious feelings of ita people, and that, as soon sa a nation became corrupt it became physically weak. Empires, the mightiest of the earth at one time, had fallen to decay, because of the absence of the living principle of Christianity. Christianity had made England what ahe now was the home of freedom-the hope of the oppressed of all nations-the future regenerator of the world. Eng- land's colonies were the depositaries of that Christi, anty, without which she could not have attained her present glory- without which Havelock could not have saved India for England. Australia could not boast of her parentage ; but Australia's sons had already wiped away the sorrows which had followed upon her birth, and the future of other great nations would be hers if they made Christianity their hope and their standard. He would therefore call upon them to aid the Association in advancing the cause of Christianity. The object they had at heart was a noble one, and their success was attested by the presence of those benevolent patrons who first initiated the movement, and who were now enjoying their reward in realising the present and contemplating the future benefits tobe dispensed by the Institution. (Cheers.) The motion waa put and unanimously carried. The Rev. J. Beazley rose to move the second reso- lution. He said he was afraid the previous speaker had interfered with his intentions aa to the topics he should allude to. He had taken away Rome, Greece, Babylon, the Pilgrim Fathers, Havelock, and many others of equal interest ; and how a man was to make an effective speeoh without falling back upon some of those elements he (Mr. Beazley) was at a loss to under- stand. He had a strange presentiment in his mind no doubt it was made predominant by the influence of the occasion-that, as that was a young men's meet- ing, he had been imagining that he waa a young man, and that all there were in the same predicament ; although when he threw off the delusion he saw there were many with white heads, and that even the chairman presented the same manifes- tation. (Cheers.) But the faot of the case did not seem to change his sentiments in that respect, he seemed to adopt the notion of the French- man, who said, "if these fscts militate against my theory, so much the worse for the facts, but they do not for a moment disprove my theory." Thsywere all young in purpose, in hope, for the sentiments of Christianity, in the true sense of the term, perpetuate the youth of man throughout life. (Cheers.) He felt somewhat afraid to enter upon that subject of the Young Men's Christian Association, for the materials were not io cptivating as one could wish ; but if young women had been the subject of the resolution, he could have managed the matter very well. He did not mean to say that they were superior or more in- teresting, although Shakspere and other great poets had written beautiful sonnets in their praise; for, al- though he admitted that those sonnets emanated from no common mind, nevertheless he had the highest posslliUMllBSst* of the young men's importance in the BussasnnltT. - Ia looking or» the page of htototy it wuremukahle how much work1 had been done by young men. Throughont the sucoessive histories of the world, both ancknt and modern, it would be noticed by those who had directed their attention to it, though the extent to whieh that wu true wou.d scarcely be observed by those who did not look with a discerning eye. Young men had been the heart, the blood, thesoul of the world's enterprise. Could they forget such cases u that of Alexander the Great, who had overturned Asia Minor and much of Asia Proper, and achieved a fame only to expire with the destruction of the, world-that he waa gathered to the grave at thirty-three. At the close of the lut cen- tury a boy came from Cambridge and took his stand u Prime Minister of Britain, in the face of an over- whelming majority, and held his position until he had reduced it to a minority; maintain- ing his place and influence for twenty years ana yet he wu not above twenty-three years, of age when he com-nenced his legi».s»ive career. An- other circumstance must be memorable in connexion with the literature of England, it wu that in almost every instance the best productions were those of men who hsd given birth to them when young. All Mil- ton's works, except the Paradise Lost, his beautiful pieces including Cornus, Sampson Agonistas, and many others, were written when he wu almost a boy, and especially the splendid Hymn on the Birth of the 8aviour, which wu composed while he wu a student at College. Why, Pollok's splendid work wu writ ten, and the man wu in his grave before he was twenty-eight years oí age. All who were acquainted with the biography of Kirke White knew thst he ter- minated the work of life before he wu twenty-one. But examples innumerable might be shown, where in eaoh instance the best literary works had been the productions of men while in youth. It wu worth while to bear that in remembrance not that young men should indulge in vanity or folly, for that wu not necessary. He looked upon the Young Men's Christian Association in its best light when he regarded its plain, common sense, and every-day. character. In oor own day there wu an attempt made at very high intellectual acquirement, which sometimes displeased, for almost the entire ten- dency wu towards the artificial and extraordinary. Now, u he had said, he liked this institution, because it proposed to do an intelligent kind of work in which alLeould assist and all promote. It had been said with regard to great men, that they were great bores ; although, he could not see that that wu invariably true, yet he saw an order of work out out for men who were mot great ; and if that work wu only fit for Miltons andShaksperes, by whom would the work be done? And if they were to be furnished with sufficient men' like those, many would be tempted to commit suicide. Let the Associa- tion have average work, and do it greatly. Christianity put a dignity on things whioh common mind, and the world passed over ; let the Asso- ciation see that dignity, for it commanded their atten- tion. He did not say that Christianity had not in- spired Havelock, or that it could not exist in palaces, or be present at a coronation; but he did say that wherever men were gathered its power wu felt in a commanding way. It wss made np of a vut level, and it might be met with in the institutions of the day doing every-day work. He liked to see Christianity going into the home, behind the counter, inspiring a man when making np the daybook, and felt by all when doing the common work of life. Then suoh work remained common no longer, for Christianity threw a lustre upon it. The Association proposed some such work u that. There were young men In this land who had been brought up under the watchful eye of Christian mothers, bat who had so fallen off from their teachings, by yielding to temptation, u to fall silently away, their parents never hearing of the sad path by which they reached the grave and eternity. The young men of the Association knew those things ; they knew if those young men could be got hold of, brought under spiritual influence, and led into good, that the Association wu deserving of support and prosperity. They knew that the youthful brought into connexion with certain literary advantages, would acquire knowledge and become useful. The Associa- tion's object, therefore, was to bring young men under right influences, train them for offices of trust, and thus furnish the country with men who could act on the platform in defence of our institutions, or go among the heathen to preach Christ crucified ; or even occupy still higher positions. What he wanted to see wu an intelligent tinker, an intelligent blacksmith, on intelligent shoemaker, and an intelligent tailor ; in fact, intelligence among all handicrafts. An American divine had beautifully remarked that an objection had been raised against the cultivation of all men, because it would make them bright. It wu said all would be bright without dis- tinction, then, wu the reply " I propose to make educa- tion so common that it shall be raised above distinc- tion." He for one felt exceedingly for the existence of the institutiori, if it would accept such a compliment, as he supposed it presided over its own birth. He thought the young men of the institution ought to have a vote of thanks for the lectures for whioh they had given occuion, and all of which were excellent, from that delivered *by the Governor-General to that by the Bishop, and he wu only sorry that he had not heard all. It would have been a sin not to have heardMtvBinney; though, had it not been for the existence of that society, and the zeal of its young members, who urged Mr. Binney to give the discourse, one of the finest proofs' of that gentleman's power would not have Men given to this city. He (Mr. Beazley) had heard two objections to the institution, and had been asked what was ita practical aim, which waa the very question pat by Dr. Chalmers with reference to the Christian Alliance. Bat he {Mr. Beasley) had always replied that the first object was to find labourers for the work, then to prepare them for it, ' and it would be seen by-and-by that a competent body of labourers would be raised and instructed in the work of evangelism, which wu to be found in lanes and alleys. Then it hod been said that young men were thus alienated from the churches with which they stood connected ; but he believed that the young men connected with that institution were the most sealous and lively members of the churches with I which they stood associated, and the churches would be immense gainers. All he now wanted to say wu, that he felt happy to be there that night, for he thoroughly ap- proved of the institution, and wished that its members might be mode a thousand times more than they were. Mr. T. Smith having been oalled upon to second the motion, said he had prepared a few things for de- livery to the meeting that evening, but he found that most of those he had considered the sweetest had been token from him by previous speakers, andu he had heard them, one after the other, deal with the dainties that lie thought he had reserved for the meeting, he felt inclined to utter, what his mother on more than one occuion had said to him: "What, you are at that sugar again ! " With reference to the objections made u to the practical aim of the Association, he thought when the character of the institution wu added to the pleu whioh might be taken in its favour, none of the present tribunal could fail to agree in the verdict, that it wu not guilty. The re- solution he had to move was, "That this meeting recognises, in the Young Men's Christian Association, an agency calculated, ander the Divine blessing, to promote the best inte- rests of the young men of the colony, and to counteract those tendencies which are subversive of true religion." The first thing whioh struck him u prominent in the resolution wu, what were the best interests of young men r because it said, " that this meeting recognises in the Young Men's Christian Association on agency calculated, under the Divine blessing, to promote the 4 best interest' of the young men of the colony." Now | he wu aware great differences of opinion existed u to what wu the best interest of man. There were thou- sands of people who thought to get rich was the only thing to aim at ; and thousands in this country were not scrupulous u to the means they used for acquiring those riches ; seeming to act on the saying, " Get rioh, honestly if you can, but get rich." Other persons thought all a man had to do wu to enjoy himself in the fuhionable circles I of society. Now that Society recognised in a young man some higher capabilities, duties, and pleasure« than smoking tobacco or drinking brandy ; they recognise an immortal spirit destined to play a I great part in the drama of eternity. No matter how high or low his position in the social seale, they still I recognise a soul in him, which required regeneration, to be brought under the influence of the Holy Spirit ; for they believed he must be lost everlastingly unless converted. With the view to do that work, ¿ey had formed an agency to check the subversion of true religion, and show that there wu something better than the indulgence in the sensual pleasures to which so many are addicted. The institution had a mathema- tical claw, an arithmetical dus, Greek, Hebrew, Latin, I French, and German classes, and a library, which, though yet small, contained many excellent works ; there were abo theprincipal British newspapers, Maga- sines, and Reviews, u well u those published in the colonies. He therefore invited those young men pre- sent who were not members to join at once in that great object of spiritual improvement, which would qualify them to go into the field of the great world with the healing balm ready fof those who needed It Oh, who would nota ohaaiptoo b«, lntlüa,t_elortllere_lwalry! Uproute y« noir, brava tambar band, ' Wl_h*wathat_t,an4wortayha_di We are but law, toil-tried, but trae, A*vl heart« beal Uah to dare and do. Oh there be those that aahe to sea The day-dawn ef our vtefory»?' Work, brothers, work I wo* hand and braia, He'll win the «olden age agida, And love's tavtue-ial mora shall risa, In hoping heart« and blessed eyes; We will, we will, brave champions be, In this, the helier chivalry. - TheBev. J. Eoo__stok (whilst a oolleetion was being made in aid of the fonds of the Society) then proceeded to read the third resolution, which was as follows : "That, althoughtheAssootationpoivesseslustclainisto general support, its permanent moceas mainly depends upon the co-operation of the Christian young men of Sydney, and this meeting trusts they will at once be- come identified with it*' He observed that he had great pleasure in moving this resolution, and would say a few words to the meeting respect- ing it; although, from the lateness of the hour, he could not be expected to detain them long. It was necessary, however, for him to speak against time. He had experienced, he need scarcely say, a very sincere gratification in being present at that meeting, and had moreover much beside« to thank the Association for, having also had the pleasure of hearing several of the valuable and interesting lectures which had recently been delivered in its behalf. It had been urged, as an objection to the institu- tion, that the means which it employed inter- fered somewhat with those exercised by the different Churches to which the members of the Association respectively belonged. To that objec- tion, however, he attached no weight, as he had alwey« found the member« of that Society were not the less earnestly devoted to the proper interests of their own particular denomination, because they co-operated with those of other Churches on good and common grounds. Such a friendly interchange of religions sentiment was without donbt beneficial to all who shared in it, and was also con- ducive to that cordial unanimity of feeling which ought to be the distinguishing oharaoteristio of every true member of the Church of our Bedeemer. The effect of such re-union would be likely, he thought, to bring about a still more close approxima- tion in respect of their common Christianity than at present existed. Great advantage might, also, be ex- pected to accrue even to the very Churches of those persons thus associated. The effeot of such an alliance as this would be, in a great measure, to pave the way for a closer union in the Church of Christ If one Church culti- vated a higher tone of spirituality than another, whioh was, on the other hand, distinguished for being pecu- liarly practical, something might, as the result of ob- servation, insensibly be borrowed in both eases, and in both instances a beneficial effect be eventually produced. Mr. J. F. GaV-aiCK seconded the motion, and in so doing desired those present, if they approved of the objects of the Association, to come forward and thoroughly identify themselves with it. Religion to be anything should be praotical ; if it was not that, it was undeserving of its name. Religion in these days was not denied, bat ita place was attempted to be taken by a false and specious philosophy, which was unworthy of the name, while vice assumed the outward aspect of virtue. Still the evils for the op- posing ana mastering of which the Young Men's Christian Association wu deaigned, were not the less evident, and real and definite, and as such the Association deserved support. The meeting had approved by outward signs of what they were doing and purposed to do, and he called upon them, one and all, to come and help the Association. There was plenty of good to be done by their institu- tion,-for the good of men and the glory of God. Let them give then the right hand of fellowship, and help the Association on. If you aay, said the speaker your task is a difficult one, we reply, that we have Christ for our help; Christ who hu gone before us into the heaven of heaven«, who hu already made hi« path through the perilous breach, and whose cry to all is-" onwards-this way." The question wu put by the Chairman to the meeting, and carried unanimously. The doxology wu then suns;, and the blessing having been pronounced by the Rev. William Lums daine, the meeting separated. 