(Jfo. 2.) The Iiierlit Reverend the Bishop of Adelaide to the Tiov. T. Bmney, on 44 The Union of Protestant Evangelical Churches.5' _ . Bishop's Court, October 4,18o9. Dear Sir-I Fend you sjme thoujruts w&ich; nave occurred to me ou A subject which has ofcai occupied my miu'I, but more especially since I hid the pleasure of forming' your acquaintance. Such as they are, and expressed iti ?hc wards pretty nearly which earae first to hand, I lay them before you in the hope that they will uut wiJe», if they do not bridge, the pip that separates us ecclcsiasiicaliy, though I trust liot spiritually, nor for ever. I remain, Eeverend Sir, Y iars faith Tally, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. leave Adelaide to-miTrow ro .ming on anve weeks- tour. and fear that I shall not have an oppor tunity of bidding you farewell. Bishop*s~Court, September 21,1853 Rnv Sir-1. Durinp our social intercourse yesterda).at Hie house of a common friend you '!"? effect notice of a remark which fell from me to this etteet That we in this colony had the advance or W'1^ ",,n historic stand-print," so to speal., &0T Jf misht look hack upon our past social, Pall'lca'» Church life in England, and, rcmoTcdfromthesmokc ai.d noise of the sreat mather-city, uught diSuCmtliro^h all its greatness somewhat of folly and meann^s ol de and vi*o in its habits and institutions. The survey would not be unprofitable if it should ieadra to peteeive how we had been blinded by its attractious.Bo^tobc come unconaciousof its knits; aad sohumed away bj its feelings and associations as to be conventional bondage la which we then lwed and Tfen must, I think, be admitted thatthe clerical mind is peculiarly stayed by party principles and eectwian prejudices. Withdrawn very much from practical into contemplative life, aud va.umg abstract truth as Uie basis of all moral obligation and excellence, clwo mcu are too apt to eiasfferate the importance of certam truths which they conscientiously hold and to treat as sscctial principles of the doctrine of nfcrcntiaJ or traditi nal authority. 1 do that >*onconforaii6t ministers are -t i*ipr, thaush it may be ro.-u.Ted_ in IIil Lstaoliohment _t I,o.ma jit* 'lip ^Jllnni?c of Church utid o>a.c. 3\. He this, however, as it may, both clergymen and ministers may look buck with somedejjtec of resre that, a mid-wall orparuiion should so have separated kindred souls: pladced to Hie same cause, rejoicr.ifr in thei sarat. hone, a:id devoted to the same duty of preaching Christ and Him crucified to a dark aud fallen world. Bj the very discomfort, however, of thus "standing opart we are thrust rndtly back upon the piincinles in which wc have boon bro:i"!it up a:vl are constrained to put the question io our consciences, "Are you as sure of your ground as true to your cunricii-jns ? Are your views eo author.-a tivelr scriptural as to nut you fxclu>ive!y m .lie r.slit t after careful review and earnest prayer, wc ttill feci an-'b'.n to ouit the "old paths, yet does not tu.» very enquiry dispose us t < place a woiv hoeral conalni: "on on tile condu.t of others, aud to respect their . qua'.lj stiff adhcrcnceto their conscientious conviction^ i A candid mind r.ill not fail to see that much is to be urg"d on the oilier side of the question ; and n witn o lr for n9.---cR3cr.4ial points, or narrow its communion on aiatiers of Christian expediency rather than Christian ct-W-t'cn^ tlirov7n lllcse rjmjrts together by way of prcfaf'C iu ordsnosliowthecourse if thoughtmlowiiieli an !. piscopite o: 10 years in this colony has p-aduaJy led :u" You yourself have (riven a Iresh impstus to snch reflections Yoar fame as o preac-.er had P^eeJed j. 1 Uiieiv thai you would be welcomed b\ all woo your C" [] immediat. ? section of the bv.-injrehcal Churen talic an interest in roligion, and by all in oa ! arc admirers of (renins and piety, even tbou-n tho echoes of your King's IVehfhliouse sermon had not onitcdied a.vay. Hundreds 1 knew would ask them selves, " Why should 1 not go ail- listen to tne powerful preaching of Mr. Binney? And when they had --card you rcasjn of righteousness, temperance, nnu inJ 'mei.ttocme; of Christ, who lie was aud wuat lie how Ii>: dted for our sins audrose again for our jtis tifL-alion, I felt assured that they would ask a-am, " W'iiv is ha not invited to preach to us in our churches. What is the barrier which previa;s hito and other minis ters from joinine with our clercy at theXorf»*a table. and intiTchanciiie thciniuisirv ©f thu Word intheirrespcetive nulnits? Was it any real difference with Tespect to the Jv-rson, office, and wort cf the Eedccmer, the po*vcr of the S;.:ri»- of GoJ.or the lost condition of mail without Christ arid ihe Comt'oric: ?" ,, 5\. 1 am truly glad that so considerable a person as yourself should by your presence in this colony have forced me to consider again the question, " Why 1 cjulu not invite you to preach to our congregations; to re view jay pot-ition, principles, beliefs, «nfi prepossessions; inorecppecially as the absence of 6eetarian prfjuilicijon your part, aad the presenco all thatiu social life can coneiliale esteem and admiration, rediicel the question to its simple ecclesiastical dimensions. 6\. Again and again the thought recurrcd to me, Talis cum ^ul utlnam nosier esses I Siiil I f^lt that neither the power of your intellect, nor vigour of your reasoning,nor mighty cloQuence, tior purity of life, nor suavity of maimer?, nor soundness in the faith would justify toe m departing from lh3 rule of the Church oi England a tradition of 18 centuries which leclarcs your orders ir rojru!ar?your mission the cff.--prin^ of dt\\-ision, and your Churoh pys*"Crn-I will say sojJisai-but dichosfisv. 7\. iiut while adherin? to this conclusion, I :na free to confess that my f^eli»sa against my judgment; and I am compelled to ask myself is this "standing" apart to continue lor ever? Is civisiou to pass from functional disease into the structural type of Church or5anir,atijn ? \v;i the Lutheran and Ri'formcJ, the Prcsb\"t^rian aud CoiJ^regatioualis;, the Baptist ftnd Wesleyan bodies to coiiii'iiie separate from the Episcopal cotnmuniou so ionff ns the worl i endureth? Itsthi?rc nopossibmiy of accommodation, no hope of sympathy, no yearning^ for unic;.? Will no one even ask the qac.-tson? -None niako the first v^ .vc: ? Must we be content with that roor substitute »or apostolic fellowship in the Oospol, " I.et us a .Tree to differ;" or an cvaujrelieal alliance trsnsient and ioci:mp!ef«% betrays a sense of want witJjout Ffiliafviuir the craving? or ;:rc we re dured to the sad conclusion thul as there can hc uo pcucc with Home so loug^ as sha obscures tne truth in Jjsa?, ! aud lords icovcruod's heritage, so there are 110 com v.ica t-.rms on whieh the llvaugelieal Protes'ant (J; urohes can ajrree after eliminating errors andevils v.camst whioh cach has felt itscl« constrraued to pro teat? Arc ii 3t Churelimen, for example, at this doy, jast as re*ly as von, Bnv. Sir, can be, to condemn the treat ment of Baxter, Bimysn, and Defoe by a Hijh Church GoTcnivQCut? And do no not Independents^and Pres hvf'iTians r.a^ily allow that a Leigh'"on or Ken relieve i:piiCOjuv-y fcom the o':ium brought upon it by the severities; of a Laud or Sharp? 6\. It appearsM me tluit in this calony we arc placed in a peculiarly favourable position for considering onr CUurclt relations, hceaase one great rock of offence has been r^ksn out of the way-I mean the connect ion be tween Church aid Sta;e. We can approach the matters in dispute simply as questions of cyangelic truth and Chvisiian expediency. Neither eociaJ, nor civil, nor ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to disiract our view or iiviiatc our ftcimgs. There is no Church-rate COQ flicthere! I have aeeordingly seized the opportunity of ikying before you a fe^ tUcughts on the possibility of an outward fellowship as we'J as inward uniou of the Evangelical Churches, with the hope that they may surest enquiry if they lead to no immediate practical results. " y. The questions I would propose fjr consiaeration arc jst. Whether an outward union, supposm* no essen tia! truth of the Gospel to be compromised, is desiratle nmor.gst the Protestant Evangelical Churches? ^ 2nd. What are the principles aud conditions on whtcn such union should be effected ? 1 submit soy ideas to you with great dimd^nce, out from the desire to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to consider how we might possibly serve at one aud the same altar, walk by the same rule, and preach from the same pulpits the "words of this sal ration. . 10\. With regard to the first po^nt, I conceive outward union to be desirable, because it appears to me to be scriptural and apostolic. That all the congregations of the Universal Church were subject under Christ to the ttf cU e Apostles, and that the decreo oircctcd by the Holy Ghost, but framed by James with Simon Pet3r, Paul, aud Barnabas, smd asstnted to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep, is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible body by St. Paul is evident when he bids the Corinthians give offence to neither Jews nor Gentiles, nor the Charch of God; and whatever be the figure under "which the Holy Spirit characterizes the body of rru: ksiievers in Christ, unity of organized life is the substratum oFtheio^a; be it vin3 or olive-tree, family or household, city or kingdom, the body or spou3e of Ciii the t nought is still the same. What, then, should wc think of a family whose several members inhabiting the same house kept each to his own chamber, anj though contiuually jostling on the common stars rarely exchanged a Mendly salute and never a visit. Is this family life ? Aud is it true Church life to say I am of Peter, and I of Paul, anu I of Luther, and I of Knot, an3 I of Wesley, and I of Whitfield, aud I of the Fathers ? Are we not carnal, and speak as men ? In the apostolic age there must have been outward union of the Churches, so far at least as the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacramcut", the profession of a common creed, and preaching in common the Word of Life i The spirit, of Oiotrephcs we may hope was rare. 11\. If the odium thcolcgicum be indeed the worst type of that disease, it might be cspccted that a real union cf the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the Gospel might arrest the progress of that malady. It is the effect of party feeling, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalry and contention. Thus Christian 6ympatby, which is meant for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or a sect. On the other hand: 12\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place the Gospel of Christ before Jew and Gent le; ; before Brahmin and Mohammedan! No subtle Pundit would then point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some, and uncer tainty 5a all. No Bosaaet could enumerate, and perhaps exaggerate, the variations of Protestants,aud, unmindful of (he like in his own communion, claim for the Church of Hamo the symbol of Unity as the mark of its being the True Charch, Bat now instead of fighting the Lord's battle as one great army, our resistance to the Powers of Evi. is like the death straggle of Inkermann; a series of hand-to-hand combats, broken regiments fighting in detached parties, never receding indeed, but incapable of combined effort or mutual support, 13\. It may, however, be urged, on the other side, that the divisions of the Christian Church are helps to its vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stagnancy and corruption; that rivalry promotes exertion, and exertion results in ex pansion, Yet has not the Bible Society attained its present strength by acting on the opposite principle? IB it not because all Pro>testants can enite in fur thering its object, truly catholic, and, because catholic, triumphant? 14\. The union I contemplate is not a yoke of subjec tion-an iron rule suppressive of individual or sectional thought, aspiration, energy, and action; far otherwise. If the great Apostle of the Gentiles would provoke bis brethren after the flesh to jealousy in order to save some-if he stirred up the Churchcs of Macedonia by the forwardness of Achaia and reciprocally urged the Acbaian Churches to be ready with their contributions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concerning them-certainly a lov'n g zeal striving for the mastery is rot to be cast out as unmeet for the Christian common wealth. Unity is compatible with variety, and variety is pregnant of competition, God has created but one vertebrate type of animal organisms; but how infinitely diversified are the specific forms? X know so reason why in our reformed branch of the Catholic Church there might not be particular congregations of the Wes leyan rule, or some other method of internal discipline or usage or form of worship, even as the Society of Ignatius Leyola, or Dominie, or Francis, exists "^n the bosom of the Boman obedience. The seamless coat of the Re deemer was woven from the top throughout. The Roman soldiers said ** Let us not rend it 1" Why should chrouic disunion be the symbol of £vaogeUcal Chris^ tianity ? I cannot call alliance union; nay, it i^ founded on stereotyped separations, I pass to the second ouestion:- ' 2, What are the principles ana conditions on which a onion of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected ? 75, It must be evident, I should suppose, after an ex perience of 300 years, that neither the Episcopalian* nor Presbyterian,nor Co&gregationalist; can reasonably hope to force upon the Christian world his own particular system. Is either one or the other entitled by the Word of God to -exclude from salvation those hehever< who do not follow the satne rale of Chnroh government? ir however submission may not be demanded on the ground of its necessity to salvation, then any negotiation for outward union may snd most pro ceed on Grounds of what is best and wisest, most likely to unite, as being most in accordance with Scripture and apostolic tradiiion! We must lay aside hard words-schism, Church author^, sectarian ism. In the comity of nations defacto Gj^rnraartis ore recognised and treated with; the question whether they arc de jure is left in abeyance. Sj must it be with restcct to any union of the Churches. They must meet tojrcth-r like brethren who have baen long estranged yet retaining the strong affection of eariy youth j1 CB('lVl' to forSet the subject of their dispute, and walk together in the house of God as friends. .It will be unnecessary I to ask " Which roan did sin-this man or his ! parents ' " or to say," Thou wast altogether born in siu, and dost thou teach us ?" or," We forbad him, because he fjlloweth not us." No; we must meet in the spint ot godly fear, of mutual resject, with the earnest de»ire by all right concession to promote God a troth, and ad vaue-? Christ's kingdom. We mast reccive one another, bat uot to doubtful disputations. ,,, 16\. A second principle is,u Wheretowelnvcattamed, or tiidl attain; that some rule must be publicly aesnojv lcdecd, in that rule we must walk and by it steadfastly abid firmly believe with Mr. Maurice, in his " King dom of Christ," that the Church of the apostolic age embraced every principle for which in later tunes eai-h sectiou of the Christian world has felt it boX^/the r>nntprid ^tr^n to separation from ibe main body ol tiie brethren. But the Church of the apostolic visible model Church, does more. It all- eivn"' to each its due place, its real proportion. Each portion of the truth, obsen^^fs^/^e°oaSd in the mediasral Church, each detail of the outward building of «od, has beeu jealosy rescued from cor ruption or decay by sects or toawiduate. ^ perhaps for this or the coming geaeratioa to rcstore thi! original fabric, and take away whatever is inappropriate, unsighlly, or inconvenient. But is the willing ? Alas, I know not. It is certain that the flesa 15 IT^Lct. me endeavour to state, as accurately as I can, what seems to be the leading idea.tUccharactcrLStii. principle, of each section of the Christian l The Church of Eome, then, contends for external unity, founded on one objective cried, in subjection to one visible bead of the Church on eartli. The Lutheran for justification by faith, anteixd-nt to anTl!e'CRc%Vmedf(SivSfstie Church upholds the free and sovereign grace or God. ... , The Anglican witnesses for a scriptural creed, aposloli*. orders, and a settled liturgy.^ .r n,. p,Ki,t The Presbyterian asserts tiie authority of the rrcsjy tery, as derived immediately from the Holy Goost. The Congregatiouilist claims unlimited right o- pr vate judgment, and the independent authority o. eajli eongr^g:uian, as a p.rfect Church, over its own , raTheCwisleyan preaches spiritual awakening, sensible conversion, and social religions exercises. _ The Baptist contends for personal religions experience prnvious ta admission to the Church. Every one of these principles is subs.antialjj, thou?" not t-iciuaively, true. When their mutual relations are forgotten eich tiecoincs exaggerated; tje ec«ity oi proportion is lost, aud a faulty extreme is made the &aib; bobtli of schism. , r Is I'asre 110 analytical process possible, no Jaw o, affinity, by whi.li the spiritual mind could precipitate the error, ant leave pure and limpid the Gospil stream, cr rcniive from the much 0:;c tcald of th- r-in,>te the dr..ss Willi trhich it is alloyed? Would there not st.ll renaiu a scriptural truth, a godly discipline, a scaled order, a common altar, a united raimstry. a visrjle umon as well as fellowship in the Spirit ? -nlwlit th^re iwt Eli,! be variety in unity, partial diversity of usige, aud a r.'^u'atei latiluie of divine worship? ih- Lpiscj piilian, the Presbyterian, and C ja^resatioua.i^t nil.gh. consent to harmonize what they cannot exeln n e.y e forcj- they might surely "iu understanding be men, and cxcrfise the gr-ai privilege of spiritual men-t.ia. is, combine frcj !um with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions. . , IS. Bill it is time to draw these general remarks to a close, aud (icSnc tv.th somewhat more of precision that Church of the fnrure which is to conciliate all alloc',ions and uuitc all diversities. I scarcely know which to admire most, the pleasantness ot the dream, or the fond illumination of t-h* ^drcamc.. Sail, let m; speak, though it be " as a fool My objoet is n-»t to dicate proceedings, bat to BUggc?t consiuvra tioii; to provoke enquiry, but not foresconclusions. Au<l sine? concession in matters not absolutely essential to salvation or oori'.ively ciijoiaid must be tiie basis ol the svsie.n adop'cd by the various Evaugeli--al Chur.-lies, it miv be fairly put to me in the language ol the provei10 «-41 Physician, heal thyself." I will bagin, theu, with the Church of Eugland, and will state what it appears to me can be given up for the sate of union. l. A S--ate nominated Episcopate. 2. Compulsory uniformity of divine worship. . _ . , Already the former liaa given place in. Canada and New Zealand to an Episcopate freely dec tea by the Church itself. . _ 1 ^ . , Tlw latter it appears, cvei 111 E-.jgltni, is onl) required from the clergy in parish chnrches.but not when prcaclnug in the fields, or streets and lanes or the 0ltIn addition, 1hcnf to the separation of Church and State iu this colony, aad the absence of the legal machinery connected with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the modes of worship teem attainable; aud an Episcopate, moderate in its pretensions as we.t as constitutional in its proceedings, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyters; above all, chosen uy the free sul&ages; o: the united clergy and laity. I believe tiie doctrinal articles of the Churc.u ol Englmd and many others among the Tliirty-IS ine are allowed on all sides to be scriptual. I eoncsive, t.ien, ti:;it a settled form ol sound words, a deposit of objective faith, wouid not be doeined a 50U3 ol boiida^a, ua« ^ guide to truth. . .. I cdiic ive, also, ia order that all might worship wil.li the underst-uuin^ as well as the spirit, that ccna ii liturcical offices, saeh for iustan e as the Litany, sniglu form part oi the stated services, but not to the exciusiou of extempore prayer ia connection with the serrno.i at the discre .i^n of the preacher. SaaUo in tue a^.nis tratiou of the Sacraments and conftirriug Ho.y Or 5ers, a portion of the office roiiht be fixed aud invariable, and a portion leitto niiaistcringpastors. # Th^so p3ifiis bain/ settled, the trial, nomination, instituiion, or desi^natioa of pastors, the dissolution ol their oonueetioi: v.'itli iheir flack or removal, their mode ofpaymcui, the internal dHcioiine of the congreraijon over their tntfinbdirs and oSiiers, are details which may well be !ef£ for after rajuiatt-.n; if iadoed there is re'dliy much or any injurious diffcrince at present esistm^ iu there matters. , , _ .. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection rnsst be largely filled abroad before such a system as acre spok?«i or can possibly be iniugurated. liven if thou^:it feasibW for the future, how cm it bs made to ta.;e rctro?p3ctive effect? How can we, who are def tcto lnimsters, an! think oaTsslveslo bs de jure so, bi^ici:s being" pledged to our respective systems, thro* our^lre, oat of the one to enter upon the other? # Let us ecireh the Scriptures for j?aidance. The beloved disciple was instructed to write by the Holy Spirit to the seven angels of the seveu Churchcs Oi Asia, aud Titus was loft by St. Paul iu Crete to ordain ciders iu every city as he had appointed hioi. But besides these U*cr cxertious of apostolic authority, we hod Barnabas aad Saul separated by the ttoly <3host to a special mission thro .ijh the laying oa of hands and prayers of the prophets and teachers of the ChuicU at Antiocb, Simeon Niger, Lucius of Cyrcne, and Manaru. ^ Assuming the exiaUug ministers of the several denomi nations to be recognised as dejure by their congregations and de facto as such by the Anglican Church* might not the Bishops of the latter, supposiugthe before-mentioned terms of union were agreed upon to take effect pro spectively. give the right baud of fellowship to them, that they should go to their own flocks, and mission also as preachers to the Auglican congregations, when ioyite-i by the pastors of the several Caurches? If the licence of the iSishop can authorize eveu Lay readers and preachers, how much more men like yourself separated to tho work of God, clo^aent and mighty in the Scrip tures! Indeed, I do not feal sure that I should have violated any ecclesiastical law in force in thi9 diocese or proTis.cc, by inviting you to give a word of exhortation to each of our congregations.* . In thiB way, then, of mission without compromise, but on declared assen: to certaia fired principles and truths, existing ministers might co-operate with ns in the preaching of the Goipol, and uuder the benign in fluence of this brotherly love a Reformed Catholic Church might grow up and, like the rod of Aaron, swallow up our sectarian differences* 20\. I have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, which has been suggested (like conditional baptism where irregularity in the administration may be sus pected), because it savours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agreeable to Christian simplicity aud due reverence for God*s ordinances. Neither have I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Weslcyan Superintendents and Presbyteriau Moderators, or those who, like yoarself, seen seated a?ike by nature and the Spirit to bi special overseers iu the Caurch of God. Missions, as preachers to our cougre^atzou?, without imposing the obligations incident to the iucum beutsaai curates of Churches but not until fullevidence had been given before licencf of soundness in the faith, would seem to mc5t the exigencies of the cas j so far a* regards the present generation of ministers who have received Presbyterian orcUr3. _ . Having attained to this step, perhaps God would re veal to us a yet more excellent way. Old systems hare, iu fact, been found wanting. Which of the Churches now existing is £0 perfect, so scriptural, so apostolic, as £o ensure instant acquicscencc from the enquirer to the exclusion and "condemnation of all others P If t jere be none, will all the learning and eloquence and traditional authority devoted to the support of each persuade the present or future generations to substitute another for that in winch they have been brought up ? A few may perhaps be convinced or converted, but the masses never. Afresh combination must therefore be sought; traditional prejudices must be set aside; cherished asso ciations laid upon the altar or love, to rise, like angel messengers, in the flame of sacrifice, to purer and loftier spirituality! Oh for that millennial reign of peacs whvn a Chalmers or a Camming, a Binuey or a Watson, might serve at one altar and plead from one pulpit with the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England! It is the cauoe of God and Christ, of tnrh and holiness, of righteousness and peace, of £iith and duty, of grace and salvation, of man delivered and Satan bound, of God alone exalted on that day, and reigning on Mouiit Sion glo riously. Then might the fulness of the Gentiles come in, then Israel be restored, then Babylon overthrown, and that regenerated state of this faileo world be marie manifest for which Jehovah reserved the last great display of His providential love-the unioa in the Gael of the Manhood with Himself X remain, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. \- vjanon at 01 tne froviuce of Canterbury, A.d. 1603-4, requires "conformity as a sine qua non to preaching in the parish churches of England." 1 do not knoCT that it is binding in colonial dioceitc*. It shows that persons were licensed to preach who were not disposed to take upon themselves all the obligations of the parish prieat under the Establishment. 