PROTECTION TO AGRICULTURE'. , -» ' TO THE EDITOR OF TUE-ABOni. I , SIR-From time to time during the past month I have seen in the columns of your 1 journal reports of meetings, some correspondence and your own articles, on the subject i of protection to agriculture, but without attracting more of my attention than enabled me to see that you advocated your usual free trade policy, and that Mr. W. L. Lees was put >? forward by the Protectionists, somewhat in \- the character of a champion, with whom you were expected to debater.. His letter in your issue of the 27th ult., however, I have happened to read, and I have been in expectation of seeing it noticed by r yourself, or some of your able correspondents. i perhaps you will insert these few remarks, although anonymous. Mr. Lees, to come at once, as he says, to the point, quotes, as a great admission in his ,, favor, your remark on the 22nd idea. that " If it were necessary for the existence of the agri- cultural interest, such is, in a moral and social point of view, the importance of having a large proportion of the population settled , down to rural pursuits, that we should become supporters of the Bellerine doctrine of protection," although you proceed in the same sentence to declare " that a duty on corn is not only unnecessary, but actually injurious to the agricultural Interest," And he seems to think that he has got you into analogical contradictory fix , ' Gifted with no (more, perhaps with' less, penetration than my neighbors, I think I may venture to say, that your real meaning may be gathered from the tenor of your numerous articles on the moral, social, and commercial development of the country, and that it (Is that you are so deeply impressed with the acknowledged great importance of a large and thriving agricultural population, for the well-balancing of, any body politic, that, rather than want it, you would pay the premium, or penalty, of protection, although injurious and must to the rest of the community, and even to the agricultural population itself-a very different thing from advocating protection for its politico- economic merits, as opposed to free trade. 'I > i i < > <» . i If this view be correct, the importance of your so-called acknowledgment does not seem so very great as Mr. L, would have It appear. What follows of Mr, Lees's letter is little more than a discursive/review of the various arguments and appeals ad misericordiam which time out of mind have been, urged in favor of protection, but bro F how only heard of when a sudden spasm like the present exhibits ' a three of the natural death they are dying, in all but the agricultural mind. i You are asked, among other things, " Would any sensible man plant a valuable young trees in the forest without protecting it from being' destroyed in the early stages of its development? So it is with, young colony," as. The analogy I cannot, see I could imagine some were it proposed to root up agriculture, foot and branch, proBoribe farmers, and sweep farming and farmhouses from the score, by any predominant influence in the Legis toure, let us say the commercial but I can see no force in this argument, employed in favor of class legislation. which the protection sought for really is while all that can reasonably and justly be asked for in that protection which affords peaceful opportunity for all classes, to carry on their avocations, in the way they deem most for their own interest, without harming their neighbors. 1 Mr. Lees quotes : " The Times, in a very recent article, holds us up to the world as overdone with population, and our stores crowded with merchandise, because we prefer to support the foreign grower than protect our native producer, and pay him to cultivate and bring out the rich lands of the colony, and find employment for all that come to our shores.". But he seems to forget the probability that this information has been furnished from this colony, and possibly by some Bellerine farmer himself. The world will hardly believe that, with some 50 British colonies to attend to, The 'Times can know so much of our affairs, except from a special correspondent. Let a Times Commissioner. confirm the report. therewith It carry some weight, i p Again you are asked, I' What has been the policy, and is the policy, of all the great countries of the world, but to foster their own productions, and make themselves indepon- ' dent of foreign supply ? Look at America, 20 per cent, duty upon every description of grain. The West Indies prohibit every product they grow themselves." But is this good or bad policy ? Had Providence intended that each country should be independent of every other, we should have found each with a much more varied producing power, or with its inhabitants very differently constituted than we actually find. To my mind it appears that, national as well as individually, we must always be, as we always have been, dependent on each other, and that one important element in the advancement of civilisation and mankind will be commerce, notwithstanding the fashion existing in the agricultural mind here to decry it and merchants, and to arro- gate to itself the first place. It requires no prophet to foretell that the world will advance, notwithstanding that the agricultural mind will persist in attempting by its own lagging, to retard it; nor to foresee that one great instrument of this advancement will be the desire which men will always have to buy in the cheapest and Bell in the dearest market (the fools), let the fact be disguised or lost sight of nais may. 11 may be right or wrong, but it seems to me that we should never have heard of this agita- tion had it not transpired that, instead of an average crop, there is unfortunately only an average of some ten bushels per acre from last Harvest. This is to he regretted, as a misfortune nearly as great to the rest of the community as the farmers ; but instead of invoking, like the farmer in the fable, the Jupiter of protection, let them resolutely look difficulty in the face, and put their shoulder to the wheel, enjoying that independence, unalloyed, which they think so desirable for nations, when accompanied by protection to themselves. Mr. L. concludes by asking you yet once more a question, in the form of a calculation, the bearing of which I confess my inability to see : "What is the difference in the cost of ten, sugar, and flour, taking the usual standard ration, i lb. tea, 6d.; 2lb. sugar, 10d.; 10lb. flour, la. 8d. How much more, then, is bread a necessary of life in this colony than tea and sugar?" As a revenue from some source is absolutely necessary, our tariff has been wisely framed to embrace only articles more or less luxuries, of which the rich generally consume more than the poor, leaving free flour and other breadstuffs, which all classes consume in nearly equal proportions, but the poor more, than the rich. There is a vague idea abroad in some quarters that this arrangement, In some mysterious way, benefits merchants more than their neigh- bora ; but I venture to say that, were it possible to substitute direct taxation for the present Customs duties, three-fourths of the merchants would vote for leaving trade perfectly unfettered. Protect grain, and there will come a cry for protection to beef and mutton, soap, candles, leather, boots and shoes, harness, agricultural implements and machinery, and other products and manufactures which the prosperity of the colony is fostering on a Bare backs, because a profitable one, as fast as can be reasonably expected, and no faster than the natural laws of demand and supply admit. I venture to predict that agitation in this colony for protection to breadstuffs is perfectly hopeless, and in the present temper of the times will never be carried. Our motto must be vestigial nulla retrorsum and if the Bellerine farmers are to stand or fall by protection, let them draw their mantles round them with decent solemnity, and, like Grasar, give up the ghost. The result, I am glad to think, will probably be that, like men of sen so and good yeomen, they will avail themselves, like their brethren at home, of all the appliances of art and science in their power, Bute of finding, like them, the Toward which generally attends men of all pursuits in almost exact proportion to their energy, enterprise, probity, and skill. I enclose my card, 4 ' and am, Sir, Your most obedient servant, J. G. Melbourne, April, 1858. 1 I - ? 