KXICKEWICICER ON CMCKF.T. ( From the KnickcrbcJcer tfaywinf.) 'And speaking of ? Dooslicks/ here are some thoughts of Ins' Upon seeing a Cricket Match,' which although now ' somo three moons Wasted' (having been during that timo in type), will nevertheless, prnve accept ible to our readers. Ilut hush, it io ' Doe-ticks' who «p.-aks : ' I linvo heard a great .leal about the manly sports of ' Merry lOngland,' and hnvo alwavs bad a gn'it respect for experts in the athletic games of tho IJriii.sliers. Cricket has been specified as a panic reipiring the great est possible quickness of tho eve. nil I activity of the limb, and I luivo heretofore looked Upon it us a^ glorious sport, full ot intense though innocuous excitcment. Iu my lamb l.ko innocent'. I havo nlivay, until vest, rdny supposed 4 crickei to t-e a diversion, an amu-onient a pnstiininie, and-nothing but ncnl. r domiui«lraiiiMi eonld hnvo convinced mo of my great inisul;... Two famous ? I'.levoti,' were tn plav a 'match at llnboken: .rack men Oil both sides: liiavy bels ; sporting world nil proidicev log great things, resolved to go; dil go; am disap pointed, aud, I m.-y rav, di-gmted. Cricket iH not a gnmo ; ? it is a popular fallacy to suppose it is ; but it is a solemn ceremony performed with tha grcat. st serious ness hy .deluded Knglishmen, who lliink I hey are having ftlu. I- tin I A cricketer has no more appree-ation of gonu'ne fun than a d-a l jackass has of a fanev horn pipe. Glim arc the cricketers, anil despon.ii- g'. smile losr. dejected, forlorn, and bilious. The Pil-iini Fathers holding an out .loir prayr meeting on upside. hill in four f.et of suow in the middle of I'Ybrtiarv w. r- a cav set of jolly dogs compared to these rn- fi.'l cricketim', Knglishmen, out for a .lay's pleasure. A New York murder 'rial, or a Kentucky hanging match vonld be a roaring farce by the side of tho sportive tragedy of theso two crnck ' ICIevons.' Tho ghost of Hamlet's father nnd tho spectre of the murdered Bannuo, talking over their private matters nt midnight, by the light ofn blue fire, would look qmte gay and fnstive when likened to the llolioken cuuket ground wiih a match in progrc«s. C ickct . welt her-'i.fter when I want a synoinvme for nil that is intolerably dull and stupid, 1 shall sav, Ciiekct When 1 want to express a grand climax of spiritless dejection, I shall remark, Cricket. When I desire to say of some men against whom I have a mortal spite, that is a gnmvisaged, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal! and flat I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I shall dodge. Aud it any man nceuses me in n like man lier, I shall take tut a warrant for'delumntion of charac ter, and sue bun for maliciously damaging my reputation to a huge extent ' ' J 1 I went to Hobnken 'vitli Damphool, who, .dthouMi au American, is a cricketer. He told mo I would sign al sport. Got to tho ground, bestowed mvsclf under a tree, while pamphcol went to the club house to attire himself. Presently he appeared again, dressed in white latincl from head to fnot He had a .jockev cap on his head, and buskin slippers on his feet. .lust before the game commenced, he lied a bed quilt on each lc». and put on some leather gloves. Then tho people took their places, and the men who were not bowling nil the erne position with their hands on their knees and their chins elevated at an angle of forty five de-res. Then tbe umpire cried ont 'play', then lho bowler, a dis hearteiicd- lookmg mnn, took up the ball, which was as. hard as a, brick, and threw it with all his might at the lugubrious individual with a two-handed pudding stick in his grasp who stood in front of some li'tie sticks which were stuck in the ground like an unfinished hen coop J here urre two 1,1 lancl.oly bowlers, two droop ing batsmen, nnd two unfinished hen coops. When the dejected man saw the ball c, ming he made a poke at it with his pudding-stick, but he didn't hit it; then he 'idly res«e'» l'* labours, while a number of doleful men on tho other side wearily s„„gi,t for the ball. Then the other bowler, with a sad couinenaneo tl.r.w ,1,,. v.,.11 at the other gloomy batsman, who made another dis pirited poke at it with his pudding-stick; this time he he hit it ; then lie ran towards the other hen- coop, and the man at his end ran to his hen-coop. The marker put down one mark for his side; and they all rested in desponding silence for five minutes, during wl ich time everybody religion, ly kept mournfully stiM. I expected to hear some one bail in praver, or begin an ex'mr ntion, or commence reading the liorial Service, -,r some in spiring thing of that kind ; hut no one volunteered anv amusement, and pretty soon tho downcast plavers resumed tho m\ stories of cricket. Thero was more throwing at .tlio hen coops, and pretty soon' ono was knocked down. Then the bats-man, who ou-ht to have stood before it and stopped the ball, with the bed-quilts on his legs, was declared to be ? out.' Then ho retired discomforted while the rest of his eleven set up a .lis inal groan. Hien Outnpliool went in aud took the pu hi- ding-stick. J'hen the jjrnve man went in and threw the ball at Damphool. Daiuphobl poked at it manfully ? then lie ran for Ihe other hen-coop. The ho l-qnills en Diimphool's legs interfered with his speed, aud he didn't get along very fast ; so tho man pinsively took tho hall and knocked down Damphodl's hen-coop ; then Damp liool was 1 out.' I'hey p. rsevcred in this jocularitv un til sunset, at which timo the funeral state of tilings came to an end. 1 hen the eleven whose jiliddiu*. -stick ill**' liai1 1,10 most journey's b, tween tbo lien'- roup* wero declared to be the winners; then they united bed quilts trom their legs, tool; off thoir flannels and went homo. 1 tii- i- 'll th -to in in the game of crickst. It may ho a very bri-k auiu-ement fur furiiii men, but I ivnild as * Hin think of ti.king a pleasure rido in a hearse, or going to a d.ztii pedestrian futierils for a day's ple-iMi'o as ol p-trt'cip.iting in the gloomy ceremonies of ci icket for the same length of fiinc.' liAHTiKjUAKE AT Xa mi:s.— 1 Tbo king lorn of Naples has been visited by auVarihf|iiake of af.aeful eh:ir:ict'r. Many towns h-ive been reduced to heaps of ruins, and the number of deaths has been estimated from 1 5 000 to 30,n0(t. The most violent shocks appear to have been fell ut I'otei./I. 'I'hey Were proceeded by frightful sub terraneous rumblings, and the instantaneous drying up of lho wells and cisterns, the water in w hich 'had materially diminished si.me days provum-ly. Fin-niiure ami the heaviest articles wero thrown withgic.it violence from one side of tho rooms to the other. In some parts of tin: lo'vo tlio shocks appear to have been in the form of vortexes (vorticoso), the fronts of some of the houses being turned completely round'to where the backs fur merly stood ; the force of the shocks was so terrible 'hat they can only bo compared to those felt in Calabria in when I -50,1100 individuals lost their lives. In some of the towns tin- boiiS'S failing in upon the fires the ruins b'.rumc ignitod, and the horrors of a fierce con flagration w,ro added to th.:se of the earthquake, nnd Humorous hall-toasred bodies v/ere dugout of the ruins. Ill addition to the sufferings already cans- d by tho earthquake, il is feared that pestilence may be added, the efllnvia from tho decomposing bodies being very bail indeed. Within the Inst few days living beings havo been dug out of tberiiins who had gutiwed llie flesh off the r arms from hunger. Mrr.i.E Rachel. — Tho telegraph has announced tho doatli, on the 4th of Jannary, of tlid greatest of all mo dern tragic nctrcsscs, Mtlllo Rachel. She had been in n sinking Btato of health for ninny months. Rachel was born and lived a Jowoss, bot a fow days boforo hor death slio was baptized and received into thn Catholic church. Mademoiselle Rachel was the ecconrt daughter of a .Tew hawker, namod Felix, anil wnt) born on tho 21th of Mnrch, 1820, at the little S*is.i village of Mnmpf, dur ing one of tho various professional pilgrimages made by her pjrents. In 10 years tho family pursued their wandering!., with hut slight intormission, throughSwit zerland and Germany ; hastening (occasionally without the means of procuring tho orilinnry necessaries of life) to tlio different fairs, which offered a market for their merchandise. Tbo industry and exertions of the mother, KBllier Huya. nt longth scourer! an liumhlo butmoro per manent shelter at Lyons, which for a timo bcramo their home. M. Felix gavo lessons in German when pupils lmpponed to bo attainable ; Snroh. tho oldont child, «nng at the various cafes to tho ncoompanlmont of an old guitar ; nnd littlo Rachel wont from table to Initio col lecting the oma 1 guerdon, which formed tho sistere' con tribution to the general expenses. In tho year 1830 tho family removed to Paris, and thore comlnuod for n timo in tlio samo cour-o of life, tho only variation consisting in the fact that Rachel, by virtuo of her increasing age and statnro, took a m Jrc prominent part in tho vocnlon tcrlainmontf, and sang with her sister nt tho places of public resort on tho Boulevards. It is said to havo been on ono of those occasions that tho poor littlo ?wnndoring minstrels arro-ted tho attenMon of M. Choron, tho'fonn dor of tho Itoynl Institution for tlio Btndy of sacred music. Influenced partly by commiseration for thoir evident poverty, and partly perhaps hy a perception of undeveloped power expressod in tho Iholt and boaring of tho younger sister, ho mnde arrangements nt onco for In: eluding them among his pupils, and charged bim-elf un hesitatingly with tho future fortunes of Itnohel Felix, whoso .Jewish appellation lie discarded for that of Kli*.i (tbo diminutive of her second name, Elizabeth), con sidering it better befitting thn scml-sacred vocation' to which it was then thought her life inlghtbo dovotedwlth ndvanlago. After a shoit experiment, however, M. Oftoron dijcnVi rnl that the sonorous' organ of Ilis pro tegee woo hotter suited for doclnmatorv than for musical expretaion, nnd he transferred lier as a scholar to M. St. Aulaire, who enjoyed a high reputa tion as ft dramatic Instructor. She was admitted to tho Conservatoire, nnd in October, 183(5, joined the class conducted by Michclor. Her studios wero shortly interrupted by tho offer of atl engagement at iiOflO franca a year, from tho manager of tho Gymnase, and on the 2-flh of April, 1837, she made her Jebtit under 'nm0 which she has sinco mado famous, in a piece entitled ' la Vendienne,'' written hy M. Paul Duport expressly for the display of her powers. Although tho chroi lclera of dramatic events differ widely in their esti mate of the mcccss which attended this effort, it would appenr to have mado little or no renenilon. Tbo ' Yen d(5ennc' was withdrawn, and Mdllo. Rachel did not ap penr prominently beforo tho pnbllc until tho 12th June, lS.'iS, when she acted Caraille in ' Lrs Horaces'' nt the TlnSnlre Frangais, her engagements nt tho Gymnaso having been canceded. I-or some time previously she hail studied under Sampson, the veteran actor nnd author. Delighted with her phyfsicnl gifts, ho placed the cxpo rienoof years at hor disposal, and received bis best re ward 111 her success. T|,0 Parisian Critics wero startled by the exhibition of a tragic genius equal to tbe finest inspirations of n Raucort or a Duelusnois; combined with nn otiginalily in tho manner of its develop, nient which made Ihem ponder for a moment over thoir vcr diet, although it afterwards confirmed and strengthened it immeasurably. Jt was evident, from tho first moment that .Millie. II iclul disdained tho mann.ristns of hor pre decessors. The time- honoured etiquette of Tragedy was not for her. When she advanced before her audience, it was with a majesty peculiar to herself, rntherthan to the stage. When oho opened her lips, it was not to declaim, but to sponk. l'o speak, iudoctl, with a concentrator! power infinitely moro thrilling than tho volumes of sound which had hitherto commonly represented the fiercer passions of the soul. During tbo winter of 18:3S she acted, in nddition to the part which made her ropu tatioti, those of Kinilie, in 'Cinna;' Hermionp, Aine naiil', in ' Tr.inci C le Kriphelo, in ' Iphigfinia and Auliilc nnd Monime, in ' Mithridate.'' To thee, which formed her original repertoire, slio addod the Roxnnne of Hojazet, which, wl li llio Paulino in ' Polyeucte,'' and tho ' t'nfidre, '. nuiy bo numbered among her most won derful impersonations in tho classic drama. With every fr.-sh representation, hor power over tho public Boomed to incroase ; and tho lifo of 'the young Jowess has been described as a continued ovation, in which all classes combined to do her honour. 'I'ho most practical evidence of her popularity is tho fact that h.r theatrical income, which was originally fixed at 1000 francs amounted in two years to 20,000 francs, and bofore her retirement might havo been calculated nt between 300.000 francs and 400,000 francs, including the proceeds of the foreign : tours which the six months' annual conge g'ven.by the' Tt'datro Frangais enabled her to make. The first of Ihe periodical visits which made her known to nn English audience took placo iu 1840 ; the limited round of char acters in which she played having been selected frotn'Ra cine and Corueille. Aldlle. Rachel, however, grartually formed n distinct repertoire, from tho works of tho mo dertl school of dramatic writors, nnd of late years be came familiar to us in Mdllc. Halle Isle. Diane, I-ouiso do I-dguerollcs, Adrienno Lecouereur, Lady Tartufie, and oilier parts. Fiklo-Maucsiias Radetzkt.— -Tito reath of Fiehl Mar.shal R-i'de'zlcy, onco before wrongly announced all over Uuropo, took placo on the morning of tho 5th of January, at Milan. '1 he veteran soldier had attained the age of U2 years. lie was born in Hohemia, of Protestant parents. It may be said that his whole llTo wns spout iu warfare for tho cause of .legitimacy, of which ho was n deeply-convinced adherent. Though often cruel during his military diclature, ho was alwnvs impartial nnd free from all feelings of spite. Ho cominonced his military career ill 1 781 as a cadet in a cavalrv regiment. Ho was called to take part In the' long atrug'glo with Napoleon, and in 1/BG became nn fnsign, and in 12 months after wards lieutenant. In 180!) ho fought with distinction under tbo Archduke Charles at Agram and Erlingen. In tbo buttles of 1813, 1814, and 1815 ho gained honor able _ laurels, inasmuch n_s Ho defended th0- independence °f fj15 ®ou,'ry 5 nnd ot Kulm, Leipsic, and Iirienne ex hibited great bravery. Having been 'successively go ycrnor of Ol'en (Hungary), Olmntz ( Moravia), and Lcm borg (I oland), he waii in 1822-;appGinted commander goueral of the Lombardo-Voneiian kingdom. Tho 1' rench revolution was heard of at Milan, atid thepoople, excited as they wero, remained unmoved. Hut when the tidings ot tho revolution of Vienna enmo, the guard ot tho Uovernmi-nl-houso was nttacked and over powered, im 1 O'Donmll, the vico governor, made prisoner. Two days afterwards, on thu 2-ith March, the Austrian cannon swept tho streots of Milan ; but the people got the advantage in many points, and everywhere fought with cournge. Tho history nnd result of those campaigns, in which Charles Albert joined, nnd which ended by bis abdication, aro well known. The old marshal was loaded with honours hy the Emperor, and retained, till 1850, the command of tho army in Italy Of luto lie has been extremoly feeble. Professional Jealousy amosost Actors — Tho difficulties encountered in organizing tho commemora tive performances have been very great, and shows the jealousy of actors nnd managers. Charles Kean was first applied to to undertake the part of Macbeth, but lie, hearing that tho performances wero not by royAI command, but simply a private speculation on tbo part of Mr Mitchell, declined to leave his theatre. Mr Phelps was thon solectcd for tho parr, and Mr .Dillon, of tho Lyceum, was oskod lo perform tl o part of Vacduff. That gentleman, however, doclined to play second fiddle lo anybody. Ono great cause of the disreputa Into which tho drama has fallen, is the fact of evory'ketor ns soon as he rises beyond mediocrity refusing lo perform second to another, and thus no cast can he mado to In clude moro than one good actor. ' Hut for this nbstird conduct the legitimate drama would not bo obliged to hide itself in'our remote suburbs. Biiutal Crdeltt. — At tho last assizes nt IJxefor', a man named Jonathan R0090 was put oil his trial for at tempting 10 Murder Jane Stone, at Torquay. ' '^'he pro secutrix appeared in court, a frightful fpectnclo, her head having been lilerally smashed, and her face so bruised that ihe.whole of the flesh might have been re-' moved with a sponge. Tho doctor oti seeing her pro nounced her case hopeless ; to his great surprise, how ever, she roeovored. The prisoner lived in the house of his undo, Mr. Mitchelriiore, and tho prosecutrix boenmo hij uncle's servant in tho tnrly p .rt of last year, shortly afior which a criminal intimacy was commenced between Itooso and tbe girl, whicli resulted in her becoming in tho family, way. On her tolling tho prisoner that this was so, ho urged her lo father it upon his undo, orsoino other man ; ibis filio refused to tlo ; bo then gave her, medicine which failed of its intended effect. Tho prose cu'rix left Mr. Mitehelmoro's service in August anil en tered the tervico of a lady. alBo living in Torquay. In November she told tbe prisoner she wished to talk lo him ' about the baby that was coming,'' and on tho night of tho 11th they mot in li r mistress's garden, tiiul he was see 10 put his arm round her waist nnd lead her towaids a dark part of the garden; angry words passed between them, and the prisoner, who appeared to fcol the (iisgraco much moro keenly than the girl, laid her down on the giotind nnd placing his kneo upon hor sido, ho thrust his hand dowu her throat and hold her noso so as to prevent hor breathing. Sim struggled with nil hor might, nnd before becoming insensible, sue- '( cecdod in uttering ono scream, which was heard by a Oi littlo dog in tho house, which thoicupon cominonced ^ harking so furiously and displayed so much ngilalion l that the Indies called in n neighbour, who took a lantern.:*? sntl wont into tho garden, whero ho found the girl lying 1 moaning 011 tho around. Nobody could rrcogniso hor, hor appcaranco was so frightful. Reside hor hoad iliore 1 lay the stono with which tlio injuries hail beon infliclod ; ?' it measured 12 inchos in length, anil woighed over 9 \ pounds. The girl was taken lo tho dispensary, whore, after awhile, slio was ablo In give the name of tho person ' who had dono it. Tho counsel for theprisonor urged that it was an act committed under tho influence of sudden and violent passion. Tlio Jury found him guilty of intent to ' do grievous bodily hiirm, anil the Jtnlgo sentenced hint lo penal servitude for lifo. A few days later tho unfor tunate woman gave birth to a Child. A subscription iff oponod in Torquay and Exetor for hor benefit. ? ? : ? ; ? ? S 