MY FRIEND JEM'S LAND SPEC. J THE bush is remarkable everywhere for h j one striking feature, monotony ! Seldom is it that anything occurs to break that wearying sameness. However, during one solitary wandering, I happened to fall upon an incident which well repaid my journey. I had left the tortuous and dusty road and struck into the uncleared " waste land, over which I had wandered some mile or two, missing as I walked, on the gigantic task undertaken by the pioneers of the colonies, in clearing the primeval forest and sowing the first golden grain," when I heard the crash of a fallen tree ; I directed my course towards the sound, and soon heard a confused talking as of babbling water. As I drew nearer the spot I observed a motley group of abor" engines and the bushman who had felled the tree, resting on its ponderous trunk, rubbing his " Barrett's Twist " on the palm of his hand, and holding between his brown teeth a jetty little '.' cutty" preparatory to a smoke. As I drew near, the blacks gave signs of delight in a series of remarkably broad grins, and hailed me with their customary "morning, massa," although it was " close up" evening. At first when I knew the blacks, I thought they must keep very fashionable hours to allow the morning to take so much liberty with the day. From my lack of fustian I was immediately set down as proprietor of the soil, and the employer of the bushman-who still rolledhistobacco--by the blackfellows, one of whom addressed me by asking .. " White fellow make him humpy belong to massa ? you-aye, me yacca belong to you massa, me plenty work V " Bel make him humpy belong to me," I answered. " You-aye, rae brother belongs to you, massa," persisted the young rascal, with irresistible drollery, " me press, you, me animal you like Brisbane, by and bye another day, you budgery massa, you berry good massa, you go ninepence." " You be off," I shouted, but it was perfectly lost upon the importunate young vagabond, for I could not resist smiling at the genuine good nature of the fellow who kept grinning from ear to ear, and then looking terribly serious, tapping me con- fidentially on the shoulder, informing me that he was " brother belong to me, and that I was a certain budgery fellow massa." I thought if my friends at home saw my new brother how they would stare, they certainly would not see a family likeness to me in a blackfellow, with a profile bordering on that of a Chimpanzee, with two laps possessing such a facility of distension that you might safely calculate on their encompassing a jackass and a hamper of greens, with a nasal protuberance scarcely perceptible on a side view but frightfully distinct on a full face, with vitreous beady looking eyes, with cunning lurking in every corner, with hair twisting in grease matted locks like defunct black snakes round a cranium as hard as adamant. " Brother belong to me" and in a most unique suit, consisting of one red topped wellington boot, an over-coat of the time of George the Third, with a rent at the top of one of the tails, exposing a pair of searle pantaloons, through which loomed the tail of a snow-white gentleman's under garment, and the grease matted locks capped with a tall white hat surrounded by a black band. That was " brother belong to me," now fancy me I gave the fellow sixpence, and he and his tribe started off with around cooray," and another earnest recognition of my sterling qualities. As I turned to the wood-cutter on the slump, he eyed me I thought rather knowingly, as he puffed the blue wreath forth. We looked at each other, and I enquired what he was about. " Putting up a bit of a fence," said he. " Are you going to cultivate," I asked ? " It is'nt my land, I am only fencing for another man," he replied, "no, I'm done with land since I left Victoria," he added in a manner that denoted his entire satisfaction with land speculations. I looked again at the man, and then went off into a fit of abstraction, repeating to myself scores of names, fancying I had seen the face before, and only wanted to give it a " local habitation and a time" at last I hit upon it, I recognised my old natives as the diggers have it, James ---, in the toil- worn bushman j his eye had not lost any of its simplicity, and his fair complexion had merely got a little sun burnt, but his features had lost nothing of their trusting openness. " What Jem," I exclaimed, " where did you spring from when did you come up here?" Jum laughíLin disown quaint way as though he enjoyed the luxury of roughing it in the bush, and told me he, had been a few months here. "What on earth brought you down to this," I asked, " and what have you been doing since I left the Ovens ?" " It's a long yarn, Tom, but certainly a rum one." " Stop, it's time to knock off, which way are you going ?" he replied. " I'm going back to town, I said. " Then I'll just shoulder my staff of office," said he, throwing his axe over his arm, and walking with you, and just give you a bit of idea "how I got along since I left you. Jem was always a noted hand for a yarn, BO I let him proceed in his own way, only answering at the proper intervals yes, no, of course, and other encouraging rejoinder. He went on " I never could stand the reproach of being poor, so I was determined to steer clear of ever being called a man of straw. I had some luck at the Bendigo, and when I returned to town I made up my mind to invest in a bit of land. Where to get it was the first question, I tried the Government sales, but it was no use, I was outbid by the land sharks. I next looked at the advertisements of for sale by private contract," but found nothing there Suitable at last I fell upon an auctioneer's advertisement, evidently anowly licensed one. The Advertisement read respectably enough, and seemed to issue from a gentlemanly quarter. The purport of it was, that several country lots of rich alluvial land would be offered for public competition on the following Saturday, at twelve o'clock, sharp Champagne luncheon. I was at restrain the Saturday I went to the sale at the door of the mart a young urchin with a countenance of imperturbable cool- ness ran a hitch bell with a vehemence equalling that of an express train, at full speed,, until I was bewildered. I stalked into the room which was not unlike a sugar basin in summer with the fire in it, the place was so full of all sorts of people. The greater number being what is termed " flash," seemingly held together with ponderous gilt chains and rings, and having unmistakeable traces of" Mosher" all over them. They were all gazing at what I at first took for a sip board, sent to the mart for auction ; however, on closer inspection I found near the bottom of the seeming sign a patch of pink color, indicating the alluvial soil I was in search of over the top of which was printed in characters, that any one running at a break neck pace might have read, " Plan of the Estate of Bushy Park, in the parish of Basalt." I took a small lithographed plan from a heap evidently spread for the buyers, and fixed upon a neat ten acre block, with a gentle rise, and a frontage on a beautiful creek ; it must be a good block I thought, as the creek frontage was so limited. While I was turning over the glorious prospect before me, a gentle lapping intimated that the auctioneer was in the rostrum. I turned then with the crowd to attend to the sale. " Good morning, gentlemen," began the salesman, " hand me the conditions of sale Mr. Jones. Mr. Jones handed the conditions, and the auctioneer read them so indistinctly aloud, that they appeared totally unconditional. "Gentlemen," he then went on, " I have the honor of offering to your notice one of the finest estates in the colony I might say in the world- for this land of gold is destined to become the greatest empire on the globe, and the land I have to present you with to-day, is one of its most sunny spots; it stands in relation to this city as the Acropolis to Athens, the Capitol to Rome, the West End to London, and the New Town to Modern Athens. This land is calculated to produce any vegetable of the world in su- per abundance; in fact, gentlemen I must say, gentlemen, because I never witnessed a more brilliant company in fact, gentlemen, the land I offer you. is fit for every purpose that land has ever been known to answer yea, from a grave- yard to a garden. Will any gentleman give me an offer ?" At this point a brass band struck up the national air in honor of Victoria, from some lurking place behind the rostrum, while the buyers fell upon the luncheon, ham, tongue, cheese, and biscuits, and washed it down with some peculiarly evanescent champagne. The bidding then commenced, and the lots went off like wild fire, and I was run up to thirty pounds an acre for my choice lot. I paid my deposit, and next day paid the half of the purchase money, the other to remain for six months at twenty per cent., and the deeds to be executed when the balance was paid. Now I could bounce as well as my friend Grubbins, the scavenger, who had a row of disgusting dens from which he drew a princely income by way of rental - Now I was a landed proprietor and of a man of straw. On the Sunday after the sale Joe Martin and I started off to view ay purchase. We were led to believe it was only an hour's walk from the city ; so it was as the crow flies, but it was necessary to cross two deep creeks and walk round a dismal swamp, so that after three hours stiff walking in patent leather boots we arrived at a bark hut on Bushy Park, and bushy it was without the least exaggeration, and most assuredly in the parish of Basalt, if I am any authority on geological science, for I found the gentle rise, rapidly approaching the " floor of heaven with a ruggedness that effectually removed the polish off my patent leathers, and made me think over the story of the Hill of Science which had such charms for me when I was younger, I found half an acre of in- comparable soil on the margin of a blind creek, and nine and a half acres of bushes and basalt at thirty pounds an acre, Nothing daunted, I determined to fence in and clear there and then, much to the delight of my companion, who never ceased whistling and imitating the suppressed granting of a certain unclean beast when enclosed in a sank, much to my confusion. I was on the point of a serious rencontre with my friend, seeing it was no joke my purchasing such a bargain. We had turned back on our way home, and in climbing a rough fence my friend Joe having said something that settled me, I fired up, and in a paroxysm of rage forgot my position, and caught the. leg of my unmentionables in the fence, and found on alighting a rent extending from the knee joint to the brace button at the back. I forgot everything but ray trousers, we could not repair them, it was Sunday and daylight, and the centre of the city was, roy domina- tion. I could not find a shelter any where without making myself a public spectacle, so I determined to wait the friendly shadow of the night, The night arrived, and the moon rose simul- taneously. However, about midnight, I crept homewards as though I had done something very shameful, closely dogged by a constable. I was thoroughly footsore, and as thoroughly disgusted, and when I arrived at my boarding house my fellow lodgers having heard my story from M greeted me with three cheers and a vo"4/ of old pants. That was a beginning. I had the temerity to got the law fenced in, and by that time my funds were reduced to next to nothing, so that I was bound to got some billed, for' situation as clerk in a gold office at three pounds a week, feDling satisfied I should raise the hundred and fifty pounds and the interest in the time stipulated. At the time drew near I found my savings from my salary were nil, and learned as the owner of the Bushy Park WM was' determined sharper, so that my landed property began to wear a very obnoxious aspect to me, seeing my tenure of it was so frail, having agreed to forfeit the deposit if the balance were not paid in six months. A week after the time was up I got a letter informing me that I had not fulfilled my agreement, and that I had no further claims on lot so and so, of the Bushy Park Estate, and so I lost it. My employer soon after closed his business, which caused me to be thrown out upon the world again. I could not get an appointment anywhere, so I determined to try another colony. However, before I left, one of our old chums was to be spliced, as he called it. I was invited to an evening party in honor thereof. A dozen jovial spirits got congregated, and some spirit stirring iong3j|were sung, and various elegant little speeches were made in praise of our friend's choice, that was all I recollect, for I was quite bent on drowning every vestige of my land scheme. I drowned it and no mistake, for when I came to consciousness, I found that it was early morn, and I felt a nauseous headache very much resembling sea sickness. I opened my eyes, and saw ropes and rigging, and sails, and then I thought I must be dreaming ; gradually I felt the painfulness of my resting place, it was a narrow ladder. I sat up and looked about perfectly breathless, and puzzled above all belief how I had got there, into a barque bound for Newcastle. It was clear at once I had been placed on the said ladder and shouldered by some kind friends, and deposited on the round house of the vessel the night before, where I had rested as quietly as a corpse, under a pall of old sails. My fright was nothing to that of the seamen. I was a ghost till after I had devoured a terribly hard biscuit and swallowed a pint of coffee. I was bound for Newcastle, and there I arrived, and found it dreary enough believe me. I was as well there as elsewhere, for I was not known. I got a job at the coal mines, but it was too dirty. I got into the bush and somehow or other I worked my way up here." Such is life ! 