METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (FROM THE LIVERPOOL ALBION, ABO, 16) London, Saturday Evening, Shortly before Parliament broke up there was sent forth to senators on masticatory thoughts intent a circular, to the effect that, complaints having been made as to the accommodation in the dining rooms of the House, and difficulty experienced in making arrangements in consequence of the uncertainty of the number who might desire to dine, such Inconvenience, in the opinion of those self charged with, but not charging for the control ofsuchmattarp, might be obviated if every member would pay five guineas at the commencement of each session, which would entitle every subscriber to a dinner on each day the House should sit, free of further cost, except for wine. But, continues the document, as the success of this plan depends upon every member subscribing, each M P. addressed is requested to fill up the needful form forthwith, so that commons for the Commons might be provided accordingly: signed FRzstophen French. Who is Fine stephen French, the rural reader asks? Verdant provincial-that everlasting two Iegged-emorald of Oxford-street, who has been the Green Man Still these couple of centuries is less vivid. Than Fitzstepheu, St.Stephen's contains no member better known." Being Irish, he calls himself French, and is considered a very good fellow by all his acquaintances, who include everybody in general, and several others too numerous to particularise. Like Wilson Patten, and other industrious idlers, men who make a toil of the pleasure of being in Parliament, He is one of those veterans juvenile ubiquitous MP's whom you are always meeting all over the House, at all periods of day and night, always in a tremendous hurry going to do nothing, and seemingly running after some unknown somebody to help him to begin. Fitz's face, like Patten's, and Uko Patten's too it is pleasant and gentlemanly one, is among the most familiar in Palace yard. No one re- members when it wasn't there I and it isn't the least the worse for wear. Fitz is 57 ; but he always seemed 57 that is, he always seemed as he does now; but it is probable he was younger thirty years ago, though you can't recollect that he ever looked so, if your experience saves for such duration. He has his finger in every house pie, and most such pies are considered to be improved by his digitalis, which is at once happy and piquant, like the essence of hop, soothing and stimulant. Of the many irons he was in the fire the gridiron is the one he has the warmest regard for, as he is perpetual president of Bellamy's patty pans and stock-pots. He is a sort of ornamental Bro thereon, ruling the roast below stairs in the public kitchen, as the defunct vegetarian did it the private bill-cooking department upstairs Whether there will be a posthumous parallel and that French will have a Statue, his ghost will know, mayhap; but such knowledge is not vouchsafed by the flesh and even poor: old Cauliflower while above ground didn't suspect the possibility of such a thing-the i crowning silliness of this needless age. Shall I Cromwell have a statue ?" was long questioned ; but there was no question at at about BrothertoD. If a 9 feet effigy in front of such an obscurity to the measure of merit something of (he altitude of " Andes, Giant of the Western Star," will have to be the equivalent of Palmerston, who, by the way, will probably be of opinion, after this sample of Salford in hero-worship, that the true the Union will be to have no memorial in proof of which 01 vis Komanus will recall that the absence of the bust of Brutus" was more noticed than the presence of the other big wigs. Well, what is all this about Why is i merely by way of suggesting that if Fitzstc phen, descendant as he is of one of Strone bow's arbors, be half as sharp a marksman a reported, he must see that his epistolary mia sive has missed and the dart must be free thered in another fashion altogether. Inttum of asking members to pay five guineas piece for their sessional dinners, they may be offered the dinners for nothing, and pal five guineas each for eating them ! Eac dinner? Yes, and the same for supper too, that be any inducement. Otherwise they will be no House, no session, no business, It nothing, An. 1869. True, certain, Inevitabl One can see and feel the truth beforehand already. Everybody is sick of the thought of last session, bates the present I recess, and is disgusted by anticipation will all men and things looming or to loom the future. The word "politics" is an emetic any man who has a reasonable regard for his own constitution the British died of course he regards as a joke, and wretchedly bad one too. As for principle, you speak of it apart from Interest, y< are looked upon as a candidate for the ne fashionable private lunatic asylum and you were to attribute any uncommon and for the common weal to any public man, I further evidence of raving mania, no certl cate of mad-dector would be needed; b you'd be clapped into Bedlam in the twinkling of a straight waist ont. Everybody t lost faith in everybody else, and has none himself. He believes in nothing, or, what much worse, believes there is nothing to live in. We erect a nine feet bronze stars to a Brotherton, who would certainly be so ciently immortalised if carved in turnip which he was a good judge, though he did countenance it with logs of mutton II capers- and we become iconoclasts of all i former idols, and prance upon their fragile as though desirous of annihilating the past pulverising machines. But wasn't it always so? By no men Even six months back it wasn't so. We all had Palmerston to put our trust in, and lieved he would keep our powder d whereas he wanted to hand the key the magazine to our enemy or to i ally, and it doesn't matter a pinch snuff whether one or the other has powder, as long as we have it not. It is ties nothing that Palm was a flam ; only became a sham when he - found out, and we made the discovery our own identity in that line at the same to Since then we have been undone for was somebody to do us; disconsolate that we c be duped, like the monk in Rabelais w told Old Nick was no more. Our Lucifer exploded without a match, and leaves equal in the Mephistopheles part. Beelze in Hebrew, as Mr. Disraeli is aware, me " Destroyer of rats;" but if he, not Beolite but the other gentleman, were to state: that time, he would have to begin v suicide as being himself the interest of ra a rat that turns his back on himself, we is as if the animal carried his tail where whiskers should be. The short and the 1 of it-not of the tail but of the story that as in the case anticipated by T Oates, or somebody else, that the people England would waken some fine men and find themselves dead we woke the mi ino; after the Conspiracy Bill and found i k selvoB humbugged. We have never got that and never will. We are sorry so very; as we should much like to be a really gulled, in the manner of Kitty Coleraine, who wished her pitcher might in a state of perpetual smash ; but it is to be done, nor are we either. Jeremy Did is henceforth an extinct character on British boards, historic as histrionic ; a 1 and audience have rendered it an angel ism and an impossibility. "What is the consequence? Wearli peevishness, happiness, hedgehog gery, porcupines. If this is so already, how it be ere the recess is over and what a sort of improvement when the recess is on and look at the newspaper!. Three died columns of nocturnal sleepiness, seemingly written with quills of bats, if bats have quills, or with those of owls, and bats havn't laudanum for ink; each day's drive. more drowsy than the day's preceding, butleR narcotic than next day's is sure to be, for that is but the other over again, and the worse for the repetition. And these are leading articles distillation of ablest editorial heads :-poppybeads, masters of the opium question, according to bypnological evidence on the unhappy readers, If readers there be, though all philanthropists must hope that the perusal is confined to the "we" who write, and the printers' devils who stamp the lethargic trash. And, as it is so will it be. It was all very well last session, while .> there was some novelty in the spectacle of men being put to stand on their heads who had never felt their feet before and as long as there was a chance of things that had been turned topsy-turvy being turned turvy topsy. But there is an end of such uncertainty now and, as that romantic arithmetician, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, says, the death of mystery is the grave of interest. Under these circumstances, members won't go to London again, not even to make fools of themselves, though that is one of the most potential pieces of magnetism that can be presented to the parliamentary mind, and rarely fails to draw. Take a sample, as Mr. Wilson would say, or rather would have said in his Southwarkeun, not his Belgravian days. What do you suppose was the cause of the fit of dumps, or mumps or gramps, or whatever it was, that laid hold of the Oherboargean section of our senators afloat last week ? That they couldn't see the docks, works, batteries, and so forth ? Nothing of the sort they didn't care a pin's head on that point, but were driving at another altogether and were stung to the quick by missing it. Not guns, but balls, were they looking after; and balls they didn't like they get, black, to win. They weren't asked to trip it on the light fantastic toe, at the Hotel de Ville: and turned on their heel In consequence. Will it be believed that such mode of resenting not being invited to dance was debated and carried by vote, majority 12 many of the minority going on shore, and behaving as reasonable beings should. Was the dudgeon occasioned by disappointment as to (he pas de capricorn of Not exactly that but disappointment as to the intended astonishing of natives with cooked-bats, toasting forks, and tailors en suite. Most of the M P _ had actually taken court costumes with them, and their mortification was unutterable on being deprived of fJ the opportunity of thus masquerading as medieval Britons before the Bretons. Dickens has somewhere said that the Bar of England concentrates the male ugliness of England. He must have meant that in a Pickwickian sense for Parliament carries off the palm In physiognomist and Apollo iBhncsa. Stand at Hyde Park Corner, and catch the first 329 passers by indiscriminately, provided they have pantaloons on then go to the other end of London, not too close to Moses and Sons, and lay hold of 329 more total, 058. Thrust them into a convenient place for inspection, and send a commission of Royal Academicians to sit upon them. Then let the latter inquisitors put the Parliamentarians on the rack; and the report will be dead in favor of the facial and anatomical superiority of the non privileged from arrest. Bearing this in mind, you must next recollect, that of the 658, the odd hundred that went to Cherbourg are the elite of the ill favored and misshapen-the crime de la creme of the Bnobby-3nubl>y-scrubby( cracy. Name was no names, of course; but let any one who knows the personnel of the House glance down the list of the odd hundred, or hundred oddities, who went to Cherbourg, and then say how he would like that such should be the apparition in the Gallic eye of the chosen, of the descendants of the victors of Cressy and of Poictiers, of those " who did affright the air at Agincourt 1" The very thought taken away one's breath. There is no body of Englishmen, as a body, through whom England, merry England, stalwart England, England of the proud port and defiant eye, the England of the Edwards and the Henrys, Milson's England, appears to greater disadvantage than its members of Legislature Peers and Commoners alike, and it is incomprehensible it should be so. Fellows with blood of Howards, Emnghams, Percy's Oourtenays, Cavendishes, and the Lord know- what-names that throw sentimental manner makers and tosihfticui cheesemongers' ribs [there's a lovely combination for you !] into hysterics of lackadtiu-ylsm In Minerva press novels, look the veriest louts or whisper snappers, clods or attorneys' clerks, either pudding headed and pot bellied, or perky and cocksparrowcal, and sometimes both. What is more astonishing still, these shall be hus- bands of angels, fathers of seconds [of course angels and serapliB In crinoline], and fathers also of glasses of fashion and moulds of form, young Hamlets with Belvi horses, heads and limbs like D'Oruajs, and waistcoats and chokers to correspond. How, then, is it things are as they are in the way we have been saying they are, and as everybody who knows anything about such things as well aware they are Pause for a reply, and expect it shortly after Doomsday. Meanwhile, the Mon of Destiny may have had something to do with sparing us the response that would have been given had the British geeBe gone and made jackdaws of themselves before the French bantams, He knows well that his beloved subjects love his allies as they love him-at arms length and as Sinbad loved the other old man of the sea that said subjects would be delighted to feed fat their ancient grudge at expense of the gauche and tom noddy ftc Saxon frisking about with the airing of a behemoth, or a sack of potatoes, and going through the persiflage of the festive evening with the gracefulness of the Durham Ox on a jeweller's counter Aware how Bull would pass his foot in it L. N. B, who has a ghoulish sort of sense of humor, may have kept honorable member from the premeditated self donkey fication with a view to avoid endangering the veriest hypocrite cordiale, and yet in so doing undo it for, let, Mr. Conyngham, of Brighton, sa; what he will, the M. P's are as dancing me as if stricken with the virus of St. Vito that they couldn't dance. That one of then or at least a ninth of one, Nicholl, a relates to one of the Tooley-street three who we "the people of England," should be indi) want, is natural enough for he had put on I whole half-dozen of his own family "si shirts for 40 shillings," if one might judge at the supernatural stateliness of the collar " True as needle to the pole" to his own breeches pocket, he considers the non-expert tion of his registered alpaca paletot, and perhaps, getting orders for the same, is breach of national faith, and he would be' war to the knife-that is to the sheared elated in consequence. The wrath of t! others is equally sublime, and perhaps even more ridiculous, If we knew it. But for the sublimely ridiculous, comment ne to the gobsmouche who has been cream ming, and the gobewouches who have be. swallowing, the undated moment concerns: an illustrious stranger who had measure Cherbourg with a mystic stick. About t slick, however, there need be no mystery, must have been the chronicler of the leg and even he is hardly more of a maybe mer than the one that knocked him down the Thunderer under the signature "Yachtsman," who protests there is no a map of the place, and implies that the Free wouldn't for worlds pair met us to possess o Let this sea Solomon wait a little, and h find there is small need for this James tail about want of a map if indeed there be a need already. Why there is at this time in the gallery of the Louvre, open to all I world and his grandmother, which lal elderly female must be either " Yaohtsma or the biped Stick, immense models of all naval strongholds in France, on a scale la and minute enough to permit of " Yard man" and the Stock putting their finger every button of every gunner In each pig L'Orient, Brest, Toulon, Belleisle, Oler (Hochcllf), Havre, Dunkerque, &c.; course Cherbourg is there too, in old Louis Carthorse style, as Le between Williams would call the epoch of Grand Monarque ; but it will soon be the if it isn't already, on the more HambitI scale of the Third Napoleon,, " Delivered England 1" That's the last title the slave the barbaresque Censar have bestowed u him. A Paris pamphleteer, of the Watewi Morny school, says that the English look Cherbourg with affectionate exaltation: that when sailing thence, the nephew of uncle shall land here with universal suffi in one hand and Code Napoleon in the ot then we shall see a sight, and a sight we s! see, as Roebuck said at Shields. No de we shall; and somebody may bless his t and other people their garters, when we d 