PRINCESS'S THEATRE. The story of "Ernani," performed on Saturday night at this theatre, like that of a Verdi's other work lately produced, is extremely melodramatic in its character. It bee, however, less merit as to skilfulness of construction, and though the action evoked interest sufficient to secure the attention to the end, the materials are less closely interwoven, and less interdependent than the nature of the piece re aires. It may be considered, indeed, least as a compact, consecutive history than a succession of striking scenes, where order might be changed to a considerable extent without disturbing the general coherency. The incidents upon which it is founded have formed the subject both of romance and drama, and they are well suited to the tastes of a certain class of writers, who deal largely in the improbable and the horrible. They offer, it is true, a convenient opportunity for the expression of the stronger passions by means of musical interpretation, and to this par pose the composer has applied them with a success to which a wide popularity of the work sufficiently testifies. The opera is so well known that it is almost superfluous to offer a description of the story. As this is, however, the first time of its production in this city, an outline of the plot may not be quite out of place. The epoch is in the early period of the sixteenth century, and the events constitute a portion of Spanish history. Elvira, a noble lady, has three lovers-the young King Charles the First (afterwards Charles the Fifth of Gar many), a middle aged grandee named di Silva, and an outlaw, whose name is the title of the opera. The first act opens with a chorus of bandits, of whom Ernani as chief they are singing of the delights of their free life, and of the peculiar gratification which an unlimited supply of wine procures for them, Their captain enters with a gloomy countenance, and, after thanking his companions for their fidelity and good services he informs them that the lady Elvira, who has exhibited B decided preference for himself, to the exclusion of both King and grandee, is, however, unfortunately in the power of the latter, and will be compelled to marry him if steps are not taken to prevent so disagreeable a termination to his (the bandit's) expectations. The freebooters at once profess their readiness to aid in any scheme having for its object the frustration of this intention; and it is forth- with arranged that Ernani, accompanied by his band shall repair to the castle of di Silva, and carry off the not unwilling lady. In the second scene we are introduced to Elvira, who is very sweetly lamenting the unkind destiny which gives her no option in the choice of a husband, and expressing her resolution to fly with Ernani, though it might be to desert [lands. A chorus of young ladies with bouquets, enter, and congratulate her upon the approach of the bridal hour. She thanks them for their politeness, but inform them in a very charming air that Ernani image is so deeply enshrined within her heart that their good wishes afford her nothing but sorrow. The chorus endeavor to cheer her, but ineffectually, and they all pass out of the apartment, which the King immediately enters in company with Elvira's attendant, whom he sends to summon her mistress, I meanwhile) eollloqniBing in a moment upon the unaccountable obstinacy of the lady. She enters, he urges his suit with the ardor usually felt by impassioned lovers, and when she refuses him addresses with indignation, he seizes her hand, obviously intending to take by force what he might not secure by en treaty. She snatches a dagger from his belt, and threatens to sacrifice herself, when at that critical moment Ernani enters. The contest is now between him and the royal lover, and the dispute is at its height as di Silva comes in to inquire very naturally the meaning of the tumult. He does not recognise the King, and is about to inflict summary vengeance upon the in- truders, when the faotofhls being in the presence of his Sovereign Ig made known to. him, and he falls upon his knees instead of taking his unexpected visitor into custody. The King signifies his intention to stay awhile in the palace, and he allows Ernani to go free. Ernani goes free, but he vows vengeance at the earliest possible opportunity. This ends the first act. In the second, do Silva is found in a spacious apartment on the point, as he thinks, of being married to Elvira, who has been informed that Ernani is dead. A pilgrim is introduced, who claims the hospitality of the house, which is but just granted, when the bride-elect appears, followed by the attendants usual upon each occasion. The pilgrim is informed of the interesting ceremony about to be celebrated, when he throws off his hat and cloak, and becomes Ernani, who, believing fully in the faithlessness of his beloved, reproaches him with inconstancy, and professes his own readiness to die. The master of the house having granted him hospitality, however, must keep his word, and the lovers are un- accountably left together. They explain everything to their mutual satisfaction, and they are in the midst of a most affectionate ! embrace, when the old lover very unopposed timely enters, and there is another violent quarrel, which is abruptly terminated by the announcement of the approach of the King, who is in pursuit of Ernani and his rebel company. Him he demands of di Silva, who too just concealed him in a secret apartment; but that nobleman being indisposed to vio- late a sacred promise, refuses to give up his guest; whereupon, after a good deal of bickering, the monarch goes away, taking with him the lady Elvira, and leaving the bridegroom expectant forions with disappointment. The King gone, he lets out his unwelcome guest, and challenges him to instant combat; Ernani will not accept the challenge, but learning that the King has taken away the lady, he makes an extraordinary compact with his host. He promises to give up his life to him on condition that he be permitted fire to revenge himself upon the King (who His to be understood, caused his father's death and confiscated his possessions). To this arrangement de Silva agrees, and this is the most incomprehensible part of the story, for there is no reason in the world why he should give up his life absolutely. The postponement of the acceptance of the challenge would seem to be all that the most rigorous code of so-called honor could insist upon ; however, this is the story. The second act ends by the two disappointed suitors becoming traitors and conspirators, and, in the third act, they are found in company with several other plotters in the crypt, containing the tomb of Charlemagne, in which place of sepulture the King has previously concealed himself for the purpose of discovering the disloyal combination. They cast lots-J&«««, is chosen to do the deed of assess nSion He has scarcely time to congratulate MmnTi? upon the distinction, when the boom as of cannon is heard, the doors of the S area thrown open, and the traitors are Struck speechless at the sudden appearance of the King, whom they mistake for the ghost of Charlemagne. They haven't time to recover from the surprise, when lights are Beers vancing, and voices are heard from the further ASMUS will be magnanimous-he pardons AWC; and given him Shire. This scene " Ty l½ pressivoone.and it is but justice to say that great exertion was made to communication ft all the effect possible. The, finale was encored, and, after much delay, reassuring an. In the fourth act. Ernani, Sftfgg Mt es' and possessions, is seen walking in the garden of his palace by moonlight, accompanied by late newly- made bride. In the midst of the most tender communings. the horn of d? 177 5 The fnifiíi?«_° "OPiithat is comes to claim the fulfilment of the rash promise! Trw bridegroom starts with horror, and ida always go for aid-he is HE Be attempts to follow, her. and is confronted by a masked finals "Thy oath, wilt thou betray it demands' the ruthless enforcer of the bond and his! Spanish honor leaves him no alternative but to comply. Elvira returns, but only to B_ him plunge a dagger into his heart, and she story. The performance of the work. taken as a whole, is far from arrest isfactory, though a more frequent re- hearsal would have been of signal advantage to it. Two new scenes have been painted expressly for this piece; they are the oar vol oak chamber in the second act, and the co pt scene in the third. They do Mr. Henning's, the artist, extreme credit. It may be remarked that some of the effect of this latter scene is 1 signed by too much light being three are up in the upper portion of the archie when the electors come in they bring torches it is true, but these would be insufficient of themselves to produce so brilliant an illumi- nation ; there is no need to turn on the quay in the " flies." The music of " Ernani" is throughout remarkably expressive of the action and sentiment. The overture seems gently and plaintively to foreshadow the catastrophe, and the strain is taken up ever and anon throughout the piece, as if to keep the mind attentive to the approaching melancholy conclusion. It is needless to refer to the various airs, many of which, have become familiar to great numbers of persons who never heard and never will hear the opera. Nothing can exceed the softness and tender ages of the one beginning "Thy fond image," which was, in this instance, sung with much feeling. The house was but indifferently attended. 