_ftt t n mg, All our mining and all our miners seem to be getting into the meshes of the law. Everybody meeting every body else asks, "Did you win that case?" or ''How do you think that case will go ? " or *' Po you think the judge will grant that injunction, or dis solve this ?" From injunctions it is _ ???? ? " I yetf Wfey ix> slide of"|oa a pnn t junäxons, and there we find ©urselv* again In the*midst of «onrasion won oorábonded. ' The Golden Point, th Nightingale, àwe^Malakofl^Me Mitt ml£fó¡, and the iÄerinann, are fat rnnpi'ng into one, to the infinit Âjodficauon: of the - miners, and th nnntterabîe delight of the lawyer? The sluice gates litigaöbn are noi -fairly open on all sides, and many a unhappy wight will find bimse! flooded with costs and, disappointment and were it not that à few gleams c brighter things were visible," the aspee of affaire would be everyway discoorag ing- ;/ -' ?-y/f.f MAJCAKOFF.-This lead is provmj well in nearly every portion of tb deep ground at present in working In the West Malakoff there have beei some splendid hauls lately, which re mind us of the days of yore. Ol Friday night the company washed ou two hundred (200) ounces of gold iron two buckets of stuff, and fifteen pounds weight out of one machine a few day previously. As may be expected thi produced a pretty tidy divide, and w< were not surprised, therefore, to hea that the fortnightly dividend made las week reached tb within a shilling oj i two of £50 after expenses were paid The British are also dividing hand i somely, and have a very good genera j prospect before them. The Grea Eastern have a good show also in then ground, albeit they and their neigh bors are encompassed by juuetion diffi culties. Altogether, however, the aspect of affiiirs on the lead may bt pronounced to be of a cheering nature. IKKERMANN. - The Freehold and Allied Army repudiators have had at injunction obtained against them bj the sleeping shareholders we hear. But of this business-disgraceful as it is tc the delinquents-we shall have more to say in a future issue. The ap pearance of things on this lead is encouraging on the whole in so far as the yield of gold obtained is con cerned. The cialms in the deep ground are turning out a respectable average in most instances; while here and there the returns have exceeded the usual average very considerably. As regards the course of the gutter it would seem to have a tendency south of west; and a confluence with the Golden Point is therefore imminent. The Great Republic first shaft was not far from the deep ground after all ; and the second shaft might have been dis pensed with if our information is cor rect. The coinpauy are iii the gutter, we hear, and have a satisfactory show. Their first drives were at too low a level, passing in fact underneath the gutter. SEBASTOPOL. -This stronghold of rock-punching and water baling is just as notorious as ever for its drafts upon the muscles, pockets, and patience of the miners there. The United Miners and Round Tower Company, are the only ones at present working out. We are glad to hear that the ground has a fair look in these claims; though we doubt if the miners will ever get an adequate return for their expenditure, there. The Nelson Company are still baling away, with an almost hopeless amount of water still pressing upon them. Rumor says the working miners are about to give up the ghost. The Albion Boring Company are still " jumping " away with an a*vful faith and pertinacity. They are now down a good depth in the rock in the Ballarat side ot their old bores, and again are hoping from indications per ceived, that they are near upon the deep ground. We can only unite most cordially with them in the hope that the company will soon be landed in the long sought gutter. GOLDEN POINT.-The question of the junction of this lead with its neighbors south is a rather peculiar one. The theodolite doctors differ upon the point, and we must " wait a little longer,' ' ere the matter will be finally cleared up. We cannot see how Mr Stuart Porter's notion about the Nightingale rucning northward can hold, since there is a high reef to pre vent it from running into tho Golden Point ; unless, indeed, there be a nar row gorge through which it escapes. The Homeward Bound Company are driving pretty well due south in the gutter, which is fast heading for the Sons of Freedom ground ; so there must soon be a junc tion of the two leads unless another sharp bend prevents the confluence. The yield of the ground in the Junc tion, Extended, and Homeward Bound claims is tolerably good, with a large reach of paying stuff available. OLD GBA/VEL PITS.-This Com pany's ground has been turning out better of late. A few months ago the claim was yielding but poorly and the dividends, lean as they were, became still leaner to the miners by reason of the heavy amounts they had to liqui date in the shape of expenses of one sort and another. These expenses have now, however, been either dis posed of altogether, or are lowered so as to come within an easily managable compass ; while the dividends them selves have also increased to a tolerably remunerative average. The works have been recently in abeyance ia part, owing to the necessity of atten tion tc repairs of machinery. LITTLE ENGINE COMPANY.-This Company, which has for between two and three years now been working away about the nether precincts ol the Camp, are still hard at it, and doing well to boot. A reach of paying reel has lately been struck eastward, and a twelvemonth's paving work is yel before them according to present ap pearances. So confident are the com pany as to their prospects, that thej are drawing slabs and retimbering theil -shaft with stout sawn timber prior tc their setting in upon their new field o: operation. WHITE FLAT COMPANY. - Th« Company is keeping up its charactei very respectably in the matter of divi dends. The last dividend was £11, am We hear that the company reckon- upot a good twelvemonth's work yet. Tin prospecting branch of litis coatpanj k. have apparently good prospects at Clunes, m spite of Mr Warden Amos and the Pioneers. At least we hear the shares are selling at £40, a pretty significant intimation of the viewa entertained by share buyers as to tte probable success of the enterprise The prospectors intend, we believe, to present a memorial to Mr O'shanassy during bb visit to Ballarat, drawing his attention to the position oí affairs with the Company, the Wardens, and the Pioneers. MAGPIE RANGES SI,OTCISG BANT--The preliminary arrangements of this company have been completed we understand, and the work of sluic ing will probably be commenced on Monday or Tuesday. POVERTY, POINT QUARTZ REEF. Sosie exceedingly rich and beautiful specimens of auriferous quarte have been shown to us from the re-opened quartz reef on Poverty Poiat. Oar readers will remember that there was a rush to this place some seven ot eight months rince, when some good prospects were obtained, but the shafts abandoned after a short triaL Creigh ton and party have lately been working a part of the reef near the Point, and have struck a highly auriferous vein. Some cf the masses brought to our \ office are literally covered and pen etrated with the precious ore ; while the gravity of one of the lumps is pleasurably suggestive of treasures within, only wailing the hammer to discover their glittering beauties ; it» weight being 5j ounces, of which about 4 are pure gold. We shall be glad to know that the reef continues to torn . out similarly tempting specimens. THE PROSPECTING ASSOCIATION The Three-mile Association prospec tors have at length hit upon a run of gutter ground east of the Old Sinclair's Hill lead. The depth is over 90 feet and heavy nuggety gold has been found. As yet, however, the gutter has not been thoroughly defined. A rush has taken place to the ground which now wears a lively bustling look, prophetical we trust of bette: things to come. _ 