COUNTRY COMMENTS ON PASSING EVENTS. BY PETER 'POSSUM. April 1st, 1858. IF I had Hone's "Everyday Book " by me to crib from, I would favour, or pester my readers with a little antiquarian lore appropriate to my date; but as I haven't it I won't, or rather can't. As, however, in the present dearth of topics fit for my skimble skamble gossip (not that I think that New South Wales has grown wiser, but it is pleased just now to be most de- corously dull), I cannot afford to let such a theme as First of April pass altogether unnoticed, instead of telling how poissons d'Avril were caught in days gone by, I will relate how I saw a shoal splash eagerly into the net to-day. As I paraded, during the small hours of this morn- ing, in front of my hermitage, smoking and senti- mentalising beneath the brilliant moon, and listening to the low, mournful hymn the winds were singing, drowned ever and anon by a grand burst of the Pacific's thundering bass, I marked a meagre light in the upper window of the Hermes Office opposite. It was a bilious- looking light--jaundiced, you might fancy it, with jealousy of the silvery splendour flood- ing the silent square outside (called Market-square, because a market never has been, and most probably never will be, held in it), and turning the verandah posts into pillars of alternate "ebon and ivory." Presently a loud hammering startled the stillness of the quiet quadrangle,--a dozen dogs jumped up, yelping peevishly at having their dreams disturbed, and, Parkes-like, supplemented their murmurs with a series of most melancholy, if not most musical, sonnets to the moon; the yellow light went out, and a band of pale-faced, yawning compositors issued from the door and hurried to their homes. Their tedious work was done, and a rumbling clatter like a mangle's announced to me, in a few minutes, that poor Hermes was in the hands of the pummelling pressmen and stimulated the aforesaid zodiac of chanting curs to fresh outbursts of melo- dious minstrelsy, song fully worthy of the bard whom silliness and Sydney call their own. I was cursing the canine chorus, and pitying printers who have to toil whilst other folks are in bed, when, remembering that I ought to be in bed myself, I kissed my hand, as thousands of years ago Job had done before me, to the beauty "walking in brightness," and began to move couchwards. Just then, however, a devil shot out of the office doorway, and scudded along the road that the compositors had taken, as fast as his fiendish feet would carry him. I waited to see--in the elegant phrase of the vernacular \--what was up. The compositors soon were; and came trooping back, rubbing their eyes, buttoning their braces, and indulging in the blasphemy which sleepers roused from their first slumber are apt to in- dulge in, and which--if we may believe the gospel according to that pleasant evangelist St. Laurence-- the Recording Angel, no doubt, blots out, in consider- ation of the provocation. They rushed in a body to the office-door, and there were greeted with a bar- barous guffaw and a derisive shout of--"April Fools!" Those abominable pressmen had despatched their attendant imp to summon these unfortunates (who had retired to rest, fondly imagining that to compose themselves to sleep was the only composing work that they would be called upon for the next twelve hours to do) with a false report that the "inner form" was smashed and gone to pot and pie. Com- positors know how to use the stick; most probably, therefore, that mischievous young devil had his jacket well laced. The pressmen being beyond the reach of corporal punishment, I take this opportunity of hold- ing them up to the execration of an indignant public, whose sympathy, also, I solicit on behalf of the victims of their villany. The poor men are very quiet about their wrongs, but fortunately I witnessed the base deception; and I should consider myself devoid of common humanity, if I did not expose such infa- mous gulling of the guileless to general detestation. That time-honoured, child-loved ditty, "one-a- penny, two-a-penny, hot cross buns," will be sung to- morrow, I suppose, wherever the British flag floats, and on the Sunday after the peals of countless towers and steeples will ring in the "Birthday of the Chris- tian Faith"--the Sabbath that gave sure promise of an Eternal Rest. Save those of Christmas, what bells so silver- tongued as those of Easter? Easter Holidays! What a cheerful sound the old words have! How they recall old times and feelings! When we entered the gloomy tunnel of the school "half" on a bleak January "Black Monday," Midsummer glimmered far away at the other end, almost a mythical holiday; but midway the bright shaft of Easter broke the blackness, and consoled and encouraged us upon our doleful journey. Michaelmas wasn't nearly so trustworthy a time as Easter--Michaelmas had no inviolable sanc- tity about it. School during Michaelmas didn't appear a contradiction in terms, an absolute impossibility. A crusty master may take it into his crabbed old head to cheat us of our Michaelmas, but the sulkiest old despot who ever flogged would never have dared to commit the sacrilege of nobbling Easter for gerund-grinding purposes. Mutiny would instantly have reared her hydra-head, laughed at the shaking of the birch, snapt the cane in sunder, and hurled the manifestly crack- brained tyrant from his leather-covered throne. If we spent the Easter Holidays at home, what a glorious week of sightseeing it was! There are no such panto- mimes, learned pigs, and panoramas now! And the back of the half-year being fairly broken by the recess--Midsummer having emerged from the mists of mythology, and become a veritable next stage, we could go tearlessly, hope- fully, back to school. Easter at school was scarcely a less pleasant time. How jolly we were when we "put away books" on the Thursday afternoon, with the consciousness that for a whole week to come Euripides and Euclid, Bland and Bonnycastle, Virgil and Walkinghame--should no more have dominion over us! What a row we kicked up in the bedrooms that night! With what comically perplexed coun- tenances the ushers came out of their rooms and re- garded the said riot; scandalised at the tumult, and yet afraid to stop it, not being aware how far their authority extended in this Saturnalian season! How cheeky we were when they advised us to make a little less noise. Much we cared for their "advice." What a queer, quiet, happy day Good Friday was--a Sunday with church, indeed, but no catechism in the morning, and rounders, instead of Greek Testament, in the afternoon! What a magnificent scamper over the country we had on Easter Monday at hare-and- hounds; spring-buds on the hedges, bright primroses and pale anemonies in the woods, birds singing merrily in the sunny air, and all our hearts in unison with the gushing promise of the year, its rich, yet pure and peaceful joy! Ah me! for the time when simple pleasures pleased, and we fancied that each leaf of life would be more brightly emblazoned than the last we turned--not knowing that the preface only is illumi- nated, that the middle of the book is soiled, and that it is dreary, dreary reading at the end. Where now is the boisterous band that made the old Fives Wall echo with its mirth? Scattered to the four winds, some in the churchyard, some in the deep sea, and all who still survive have, also, outlived their boyish buoyancy of heart. The tints of character, as well as canvas, tone down,--become, in course of time, what painters call absorbed. Remembering the gloomy colours of his youth, haven't you often found it hard to believe in the identity of a classfellow whom you meet, after a long severance, a mudhued mass of the prosy matter-of-fact of middle age. It is fortunate if he be not a blacker thing. And you yourself, count- ing your birthdays as a tramp, weary of the dusty road, counts milestones, don't you sometimes doubt whether the soul you have got is really the same that animated the laughing child called by your name long, long ago? Neither at Easter nor any other time, is there any holiday now--any relaxation for the heart-- except for the youngsters who are, what once we were. Longfellow may bid the "dead Past bury its dead," but my prayer shall be, "Lord, keep my memory green!" The ghost of the Past, despite its muttered "Nevermore," is a less doleful companion than the dull body of Present. Schooltime was the true holi- day, and now that we have sloughed the satchel, we are for ever at school. Thank God! Breaking-up Day must come at last, and when we go home for that vacation, we "go home for good." P.S.--I don't like talking about myself, but there is one personal matter which--if I would avoid the im- putation of boorishness and conceit--I must not omit to mention. I should be guilty of a sad lack of courtesy if I gave Mr. Halloran no thanks for the lines he did me the honour of addressing to me a week or two ago. It would be a most puppyish piece of pre- sumption if I accepted with quiet complacency their flattering praise. I, therefore, gratefully return it to the giver. The eulogy is so overwhelming that there are few men, methinks, to whom it could be applied without raising a suspicion of satire; but since the verses are meant for honest commendation, I am sure they will have a far better chance of maintaining their character--will appear far less ironical, if converted by a few slight changes of names and allusions, into a soliloquy. Henry Halloran, with his brave earnest- ness of purpose, may benefit his generation; less am- bitious aims, alas! must content an intellectual trifler and moral bankrupt like Peter 'Possum. Perchance, I once had dazzling dreams like these, But now I write inspired by--bread-and-cbeese. As for the Imperial sonneteer, Mr. "Q." (very near his real initial), who had the good taste to fish a de- funct falling out of Lethe to pelt me with, he has my full forgiveness. I laughed at his Murmurs; he sneers at my morals. What else could I expect from so ge- nerous a specimen of genus irritabile vatum? To tell the disgraceful truth, I take an unchristian delight in the bad language of a man on whose toes I have trodden; the savage "Confound you!" convinces me that I have pinched his corns. Besides, when all that a poetaster, athirst for vengeance, can retort upon a mocking critic is, "Once upon a time that audacious personage used to take a drop too much,"--the irreve- rent reviewer, a pattern teetotaller in præsenti, ought certainly to consider himself complimented rather than otherwise. I have, moreover, another unchristian source of consolation: I may, perhaps, one of these fine days, turn good and retrieve my character; but, Mr. P.--save as "Q." in a corner in his own news- paper--can never again figure as a bard. He is "d----d" beyond redemption, and I--gratifying thought--was one of the first who kicked him into the bottomless Balaam-box, the Limbo of lost poets. 