SEVIENTUCIE'TH ANNIVERSARY OF T1HEI ..FOUNDATION OF THE COLONY. -: ·:Fro~ m ?tel Sydney nlorning Herald.) eWi.T.rpoet sacred or profuite, shall dare to fix-tho growth anti period of nations ? Inspi iotio'n deeper than that which thelodirinc. anld Of Israel professed, has shlad6ived fordli lnpropheile mystery, the deitinies'of" these great children of the corth-for?stichll are the empires and the dynasties whlch' hive risen nad fallen before us. Into that mystery, however, as far as: the futitre is doncorned, the clear eye of human intelligence canndot penetrate; through .that dimness,--yet'it is not all darkness, the glance of the' gifted may not pierce, the eyd 'f the seer ltay not see. \'What then remains for us to do at this, particular cpoch, whelon our country hain ac chieved the allotted space of hIuman life; but to follow out the qtuaint imagilnings, it may be tile grotesque fancies, which Ihutan associun tions, and probably human superstition: nuggest. WeO naturally speculato at such a time,,whetherr the commencement of decay in individual manhloold nay not be the close of the mere fancy of the national youtb. Who ther the period of our .emancipation fiom political Iomaage may not be determnined by the three score years and ten, which are said to emancipate those who survive them front the troubles,'the disquietudes, the turmoil of life.: It-is perhbtps well that our anniversary, wahich was elebiatcd yesterday, took plance nef aday, calculated to awakte somne ieflections lilke tlfese.. It is'::iot our wont to cast any gloom-iupon soLaiohs of festivity. Far be it from us to shaldow the hieart of a ydung cornm niunity in the hour. iif rejoicing--nor does tlid.dutjyof doing so'devolve upon is. There is.no neceCsityfor.:gloom and anxiety, and theglad .cxhilirating spirit in which the -yearly testimony tco-our bointeots and be loved colony was held vesterday, sholwed that hoer. days. of youth:lial .but commenced, and tlhat hier childhood was a happy and a smil ing one. Ioliday-strict holiday we mlglt 'say-throgihtout the city was observed, nd we never perhiaps sawso lanrge a number of oiur citizens turon out to partaklte in and wit ness the diversions tf tie day. - lnt we cannot coonteal the 'fact that there was not that buoyanttihia ihopeful merriment which weave ie before soent eei;eed. :We do not believe there Witas any forced festivity that what was partaken of wast enjoyed as a ditty; but as with the individual, so with'the multitude, thedro nias stmietliin'g to.calm iiloar ost feelings-somcthing:to check too ride a sense of enjoyment. There have beeon many canuses to .awaken suchisentimeimts'as thes no dio iheart of this comminity. Apart from the domestic disas ters of tihe past year, which haie set so heavy a hantd on tie fortfiens' of this city, there hIave been many attendant: caithmities whnich are calculated to tinge our fortunes with menolan choly. The catastrophes in Intdia, so eppal ing, so unholy, that the gtastly ghost of hlis tory grows pallid at their arration, Whlich haRvedark'enedthe sunshine of how imany of the stately and liaipy homes of Eglanhdr; have cast .their shadow over many a ihearth, have shed "thbir:sadness on many a hleart, have sickened to sludldering desolation mauy: i' wild and eager spirit in young Australin. ~I Let ts hope the lesson of savage barbarism we rel in these atrocitics'will teach us' better and b ther trueo lesson of civilization. • e s remcenber,' in the recollection of teeterrifying ilhtfstrations of the wicked ness ~f tlCe human heart, undisciplined by rit'anmd education and a'pure aind stead fast igious faith, homw petty and hoow vain are all our political struggles and party dis sensiois, to maltke a country prosperous and happs not that we would undervalue pio liticalnrights -or tihe due exercise of them thongl our political retrospect for the past year~is not full of pleasant reminiscences. Butthe would hiave these rights restrained, andimited by the far more important social conditions o'f education and intelligence. Wo'itnose very well that legislation must hel education through hier earlier struggles in 4ey community; we will trust, in this country, education will help legislation to woro out a great and glorious destiny for the i uf~it Anglo-Saxou empire of the soutliern heusphere. If in the turmoil and strifd of polics whlich we have lately passed through, nomothing of a lethargy is coming over us in re?'d to sulel-matters, let us not in political apaty forget, that insocidiehterprize, in socilimprovement, there is the widest field for htr most active exertions; and out of our seeiing. neglect of 'iolitical' duties,' if our en?gies are rightly, directed we mayjpluck thqiiowers of sfety from' tie miettle of -p ' il Apathy which troubles :us. 'Lot us rk on till our mintds are' more enlightened aj thereal social wants of the cdunttry than ily are at.present, and we -shill iind tile tun, and with them the measures,to ilaiee ulin a right position. Let those, who thinkl tfere is no exalted public symipathy, 'no geerous public virtue to he found except in ti arena of politics, hear. the :impressive 'rd'iof Lord Brougham. Speaking of the pwer ofeloquonce-of cultivated eloquence, 1 ,,says-" But in peaceful times, when fi 'progress of events is slow and even the .silent and unheeded. pace 'of me, and 'the jars on a mighty ntumult t'foreign and domestic concerns can' be no ngdr heiard, thet, too, she flourishes-pro itrss of liberty, patroness of improvement, uardian of all the blessings that can be howeredon human kind! Nor is her form ver seen but on ground consecrated to free stitotions." "To me,"he continues, " calmly evolving these things, such pursuits seem far more noble objects of ambition than any upon which the vulgar herd of busy men lavish irodigally their restless exertions. To diffuse useful information, to further intellectual re finement-sure forerunner of moral improve ment- to hasten the coming of that sright day when the dawn of general knowledge shall chase away the lazy, lingering mists, oven from the base of the great social pyramid; this indeed is a high calling, in whicl tie most splendid talents and consummate virtue tay well pass onward, eiger to bear a part." Consoled by reflections such as those, althoughl there was less of exhilarntion in our com membratiofis of yestirday,; tiher was nothing to siiwlcen regret or despondency. The soul of the' country was sobered and chastoned, but not sad. ' Thd time we say again, is fitting, mysterious old t Thre sciore'years and ten," that thou should'st give iis pautse in our career -not the pause ofereeping old age, not even the panse of the babe tliat'shufles from its cradle, takes, ere it essays to stand alone; but the pause which induces us to ponder over all the old man, if he be a patriot, would be qieath to us, all the dreams and expectations which the bright infant will sigh after. There was the masculine energy of an "in fant Hercules," to repeat the oft reiterated quotation in the way in which our anniver sary yesterday was kept up. We are nut yet quite out of our leading strings, but even now we can bear the tender chastisement of adversity without shrinking, without repin ing. VWo have enough of pluck and energy and British spirit to do justice to that glorious flag which Jn proud rijoicing, tritiuphing over all more sordid considerations, was flung abroad yesterday in every street in Sydney, and which was never gazed on by any true iearted colonist, without inspiring him with confidence and hope in the future. There was not the slightest, indication of business in the city yesterday morning. 5ivery shop and business' establishment was closed, and very soon after nine o'clock thd throns. of men; women, and children which flowed along the streets showed that high holiday and festival was to be held within the city. The streets werocrorwded in all-parts on thepalthways by foot passengers, on-the road by cabs and omnibuses racingagainst or running into each'other'iri'ill directions. ' Tlio .:Flnstahl wnagaily declte wts th o bro3. e'nsin0'ofEnglad ais libisted"at GQ vernrnent-hlouse; the ronal atn loyuapsnliIttr was duly fired, and hsertitly rcsponded to b; the featters who popptd bolttled beer and lemontndt, from tte crowyded shores f th!,o Biarhrotr, the Uisial locality of attraction on suchioecasion. 