BALM FOR ALARMISTS. We should not _ like an invasion any more than we should like the nation to be visited •with the cholera, or an earthquake, or uni versal Mormonism, or . any other moral or physical convulsion. However, it will he tirno enough to be alarmed when the evil (if it over shows its ugly face amongst us at all) does come. The man who never goes to sleep be cause he is anticipating every minute of the night an attack from burglars loads a very restless existence. If we are always alarming ourselves in this way, wo shall never get any rest at all. Better invite the French over, make an appointment where to meet them, and have the thing out at once. We have re cently met with a cheerful fact that has soothed our alarms most considerably. It seems that in 1803, shortly after the truce of Amiens, niitju Wio cuuuujr wiia wicti an in vasion from Mr Napoleon the Uncle, we had 300,000 men, regulars and militia, under armB and not less tlian 120,000 seamen. This was the result of volunteer enthusiasm. Since 1803, the population ot England has vastly increased, and we should say that the national spirit is as great, if not greater, at p xesent than in the demented days of George tlio Third. "Well, if we raised 420,000 men in 1803, don't you think we could do twice, and throe times, as many now ? We believe that every peace man would turn out. It would not surprise us even to eee John Bright at the haad of an impetuous regiment that waved defiantly a set of drab colors, and rejoiced in the title of 'The Royal Quakers.' We may alarm ourselves so much that we ' shall be completely unnerved when the danger really faces us. There is too much screaming at present, liko children that are left in the dark. T?hen the light of truth breaks in upon ug, we "fancy we shall be ashar.iod of our childish fears. Let us arm if Wo will, but we might surely do it with less poises. Wo cry so much, like a pared of old. women, that any one would believe that vlG vfeve in a state of most mortal fear. We begin to believe that this vision of invasion ia only the gho3t of our own haunted imaginations; and having found out the illusion-jtlie best thing our dignity can 1i do is to laugb at it. Should the ghost assume a bodily for'j], vre cannot believe that the English nation is so deficient in arms or oourace, as not to he ablo most; nffpfltlinllv t.n layibonco and for over. The French ghost; would meet with its churchyard in England, and never would riso again. "Mr. Roebuck may take those 420,000 men to bed with him, and comforting himself with the assurance that there iu no need for appre hension, withdraw the loaded revolver from under his pillow. Alluding to tho canine photograph taken by himself, we beg to assure Mr. Roebuck that the dog Tear'em is too good a dog to allow himself to be frightened with shadows. 'Hfl Ann Tin down in «nnr>n cirwl quietly go to sleep.—" Lloyd's Nows." 