jaiBcelianotig. Our readers will be glad to learn that the Treaf ndiau Belief Fund,have by this mail beenenabled urers of the Central Committee in aid of the to transmit to the Bight Hon. the Lord Mayor of London a draft for £1,000, towards the relief of sufferers by the Judiau rebellion. -The Union J3apk have liberally granted the dr^ft at par.— Age. The Corporation' of. Melbourne, are ljow pbso lUttUi ^ ... »• ~ • - deration where more money 1s to come from. The streets which have been formed by the GAbrielli loaft am gottipg out'Of Mbditlon, ahdluhleSs apeldily attended to, all past labour and expense will be thrown away.—Aft. Amu MAS OuriuoE AT l)m.u;iitNii.—The Bel lerine conespondent of the Gectong Ad rentier says:—" It really appears ns If this district hud been nolei-ted by a baud of nefarious scoundrels to prove to the colony bow much we may still sutler from the " Vmideinoiiian or Pandemonian element" that is yet to be found in Victoria. It appears diet on Wednesday last Mr. Elliott, of the Help- me-through-thc-World Hotel, set one or two men to thrash grain, 'l'hoy continued at this work till tiuner dime, and when they left for the homestead eveiything was safe. On their return to their work after dinner, they were accompanied by their master, when they found some diy litter, &e.;,'on fire, and gtadually spreading itself in the direction of the hay and wheat stacks. There was not a moment to he lost, and the.only liquid within reach at the time was a bottle of beer, which the men had taken with them as their afternoon's allowance. This was poured on the most advanced portion of the burning materials, and while the men hastened back to the house to get water and procure further assistance, the proprietor cheeked the further progress of the flames by heaping sand, ie., on the burning matter; after a short delay water was procured, end ths fire at under. At present the whole affair is wrapt in mystery, but it is to be hoped, for the sake of justice as well as for the security of the farmers, that die police authorities will institute a rigid search for the scoundrels, and bring them to condign punishment. If a severe example be not made of the delinquents, we may expect to findagrarian outrages ana incendiarism spreading from one end of the colony to another." FIBE IS IJOKBDALKSTREET.—Afire broke out on Sunday night about nine o'clock, on the premises occupied by Mr. Levy, a boot and noe maker, in Lon«dal&%treet west adjoining the house of Mr. Starr, fruiterer, and near die Niagara Hotel. The Citv Firc Brigade was on the spot a very short time after the discovery of the fire, but the flames had made a sufficiently rapid progress in the meantime to destroy the whole of the stock in the Bhop, stated to be worth about £500. No sooner, however, had the engine commenced working, than the effect of the immense body of water poured upon the burning building was almost magical, the sudden extinction of the flames eliciting a hearty cheer from the assembled crowd. Nothing is known of die origin of the file.—Argus, A clever rascal, named William Deni^an, was on Monday sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment by the Police Court. He was charged with vagrancy, and a few of his tricks were detailed. A couple of weeks ago he dropped into the bouse of Mr. Murrougb, hotel keeper, Prahran, where he passed himself off as a son of a Mr. Wright,- who had left Ireland for America some years ago. He represented that he had a quantity of "merchandise at Geelong, and was able to tell Mr. Murrougb all about a relative of his living in the Geelong district By such means he acquired a footing, and had some refreshments,for which he did not .trouble himself to pay. He next introduced himself to a Mrs. Docker, as John Baker, her mother's youngest brother, just arrived from America, and upon her remarking that there was no family likeness in him, he explained all by saying he started very young on his travels, had i been knocking about several parts of the world, and had his arms and legs at various times broken. Mrs. Docker's scruples were at length removed, and she not only lent her pretended uncle ten shillings, but she and her husband took a friendly walk with him through the bush. Returning to Murrougb's, he renewed his palaver, and created quite a sensation by acting a fit of the " shaky ague," an American complaint, and, according to Mr. Mumragh; he "did it beautifully." A doctor was sent for, and, though the rascalpersisted ia bis " gammon," he took very good care to swallow no physic. Gradually recovering, he availed himself of the opportunity so afforded to reconnoitre the premises, and shortly after disappeared. On inspecting his cash-box, Mr. Murrougb found it minus i-'40, which he believes (but cannot prove) had been abstracted by his new acquaintance, who, however, before quitting the neighbourhood, repaid Mrs. Docker the ten shillings she had advanced him. The fellow next turned op at the Sir ltobeit Peel Hotel, Collingwood, but, the landlord being too " fly " for him, he got no chance of exercising his ingenuity to any purpose them. The prisoner is a ticket-of- leaveholder, granted upon his serving a portion of a three-years' sentence for robbery. lie denied nothing, and in reply to the Mayor, he coolly admitted that he was a -vagrant.—Age. THE HIGHLANDERS.—The natives of India gaze at the Highlanders with astonishment and dread, and style them (with reference to their garb) " tbe ghosts of tlie murdered Englishwomen risen to avenge!" The earthquake at Naples has proved a most terrible calamity. Whole cities and villages have been destroyed, and the loss of life is estimated at more than 30,000. Bedschid Pasha, die great Turkish statesman, has died suddenly. He was attached to the English interest and*it is supposed abroad that it will affect our influence in Constantinople. " Ma, does pa kiss you because be loves yon so," inquired a little anxious plug of his mother. " To he sure, my son; but why did you ask that question?" "Well, I guess be loves the kitchen girl, too, to 1 seen him kiss ber mouth forty times last Sunday, when you was to church." FEMALE EMIGIUTION.—It is stated that the Government have at length authorised the appointment of a permanent staff of matrons for their ships carrying single females to New South Wales, who are to have an increasing remuneration from the first to third voyage, to be provided with free lodgings in Sydney, and a liberal allowance for a return passage to this country. A CALIFORNIA*: EPITAPH.—The following is the inscription on a tombstone in San Diego, California;—" This year is sakrid to the memory of William Henry Skraken, who cam to his deth, being diet with Colt's revolver—one of the old kind, brass mounted, and of such is the kingdom of heaven." FIOHT FOB THIS CHAHMON'B BELT, AUD £400.— The fight has come off between Tom Sayers. the champion of the prize ring, and Bill Bainge (alias Benjamin). Shortly after tbe defeat of the Tipton Slasher by the present champion, in the last summer, a challenge was offered to him by the wellknown Harry Broome, on behalf of Bainge. The stakes, to the amount of £400, were accordingly deposited,andtheohallengewasaccepted. Bainge, who is a novice iu the prize ring, this being his first battle for stakes, Was born near Korthleaeh; he states himself to be twenty-nine years of age. The fight commenced about half-past twelve. Upon entering the ring, the two men shook hands good humouredly; the betting around was very slight, 2 to 1 being freely offered on Sayers, but takers were scaroe at anything under & to a. There was a visible contrast in the physical powers of the combatants. The Novice stood well over Sayers, bis muscles were larger and better developed, and h.e looked much the more powerful of the two. His condition was perfect and bis attitude good. Sayers looked rather fleshy, but his bearing was, as usual, cool, calm, and collected. In the first round the Novice sparred and feinted like an accomplished boxer for a brief period, but he was soon struck several heavy blows by bis opponent and dropped. It was at once evident that he did not know anything of the business he had uudertakeu, for BB soon as his guard was broken through heepfwared to have no resources. He oould not use his legs, and his arm? flew about like the sails of a windmill. In the second round the Novice appeared very reluctant to encounter tho punishment that awaited him. He was speedily sent down by some welldirected hits The third round was as quickly terminated. Bainge endeavoured to rally, but he evidently no match for Sayers, and' was all abroad from the commencement. He now lay in the tniddle pf the ring.and nothing could persuade him to come to time. The sponge was thrown u|i,. and Sityers was ouoo again proclaimed the Champion, after a fight of only six minutes and B-half. The Novice, on being asked to account for himself, said lie was hit very hard in tbe first round, aud it 1iad made him side and incapable offijcertSughimself. The men at onoe repaired on bo^Uio- boat< i and returned to London by four o'olock. As a fight for the championship this was a aignal failure. TIIKATEICALS.—Is LUCK AND ot'r OF Locg.— The success of Mr. Charles Matthews* theatrics) ongagemcnt hus been so great iu New York that his share of the profits his avoragod between il&O; and i'60 a night This sum was regularlylodgi in one of the leading banks in that city, which has •inee stopped payment.—Mr, and Mrs. Waller were unong the recent artistic arrivals from Kui'^pe. The French Emperor has dismissed tbe Spanish nurse who was in attendance on die Prince Impend, and has obtained the services of an English attendant the daughter of a Norfolk farmer, named Shaw. Tbe infant Prince, who is now in his wenty-first month, thrives wonderfully, and seems mightily amused at die staff officers who are condemned to gallop beside die windows of the carriage in which he takes his tiring,—an amusement in whtch the Parisians participate with extreme gusto. A Frenchman'S ENGLISH.—An English gentleman having occasion to go to a French chemist in St Malo, to consult hiin on the subject of a billions attack, the chemist undertook to send a remedy to his hotel; aud, notwithstanding the fact thatthe gentleman was a good French linguist, the Frenchman piqued himself upon his superior English,, and not only persisted in conversing in that language, but sent the pills with the following direction attached :—" Sir, shall take two pills all day, and shall not eat them two hours after- wards A WEALTHY STRF.ET-WAI.KER.—In consequence of the numerous robberies lately committed upon gentlemen in the Regent's Park by female streetwalkers, an order was given by the police commisj sioners, at the direction of the Secretary of State, that these females should be ejected from that locality. About 30 of them were consigned to prison, and upon one of them, named Emma Dillon, being searched, a sum of £14, in gold and bank notes was found secreted in her stockings. The exact value of a set of teeth and a broken jaw was settled in the case of Miss Maxwell, of Nice, who being a governess, and going along Rue Hi vol i, was knocked down by the carnage of M. de St James, at the corner of Rue 20 Juillct, She claimed 10,000 frans, and an annuity of 2,000 francs a year. Her case was, that without teeth she could not convey the proper accent to her pupils. The tribunal awarded her damages 8,000 CRIKI SESTEKCF. OF A CODBT MARTIAI.—Sergeant Wallace, of the 81th Regiment, was tried lately by a couit-martial on two charges. 1st In borrowing money, the sum of 5s, from a private, and neglecting to pay the same. 2d, In drinking a glass of wine with the said private in an hotel at Chatham. He was acquitted on the firstcharge, as the money was proved-to have been paid ; the second charge, be was found guilty, aud be was sentenced to be reducedto a private, after seventeen years' faithful service. It appears that tbe sergeant was sent with tbe private to the postoffice, to get a Post Office order cashed; and tht private, showing lespect to the sergeant for goine with him, treated him with a glass of wine. Tbg sentence is looked upon as most cruel throughoue tbe barracks, as the sergeant never had a blot against his character.—Eng. Paper. AkOTHEB ISTEBESTIXG Case or TRANSFUSION. The interesting operation of transfusing blood from one person to another has again been successfully performed in Herefordshire. The patient was a Mis. Benson, of Cannock, and the operator, I Mr. J. Wheatcroft, surgeon of that place, assisted by Mr. J. Blackford and Mr, J. Wheatcroft The patient seemed to be expiring fromloss of blood, when two pounds were transfused into her veins from those of her husband with the happiest results. Iu a few minutes after the operation was performed the current began to flow," the ebbing of life was checked," and the circulation being reestablished, deliverance fromdeath, which seemed to be near, was secured. The operation was performed on Wednesday. The trial of this operation is suggested by Mr. Wheatcroft in the last stage of low typhus and the collapse of Asiatic cholera, if all other means should fail.—Sun, Nov. 3. A letter from Valparaiso, of Nov. 10, says " The events of the last fortnight are important The most deplorable is the suicide of Mr. Bernal, a French merchant in dry goods and fancy articles. He was detected in fraudulent conduct and preferred self-murder to the laws of justice. The amount of his spurious documents is valued at 100,000 dollars, and debts for purchases effected to an equal sum. Frequent failures at this place (in Capiapo and Santiago), and general suspension of payments are hourly oppressing circumstances, principally on importing bouses. To the chain of sad eveuts might be added the loss of the steamer Constitution, whieh carried provisions, provided by the charity of the inhabitants of Valparaiso, for the people of the south." MORE OF THE CAWKPOBE MASSACEE. —" For many days before they gave in at Cawnpore the poor garrison's only food was grain steeped in water; about four bucketsful, placed in the middle of tbe entrenchment was the daily allowance for more than 800. Thirty gentlemen and many of their wives were put into a large room, and chained to the walls; the Nana went in and told the ladies to come to the other side of Uie place, as tbe gendemen were to be shot; he was obeyed by all but the doctor's wife, who said, if her husband was to die, she must die with him. The other ladies then returned to their husbands. The Nana was very angry, and said he would give them five minutes to obey. No one did so; so he said they should all be shot together. Mr. Moncrieff, tbe chaplain, beg to he allowed to read the funeral service. The Nans gave him ten minutes to do it Mr. M.'s hands were unbound, and he took a small book from his pocket, and began to read. At the expiration of ten minutes a volley was fired into them, but none were killed outright. The Nana himself fell upon them, and they were cut to pieces with swords. A few days after, eighty fugitives fromFuttcbgur fell into the wretches' hands; they were taken into the same room, soaking with blood, and kept there four days, fed on bread and water, and on the approach of our troops were murdered. Fifty pairs of men's feet in their shoes, and thirty pairs of women's, were found by our troops arranged on each side of the room whon they entered!" EITRAOHDINAEY SURGICAL OPERATION.—On Wednesday, at noon, there was no small amount of excitement exhibited iu the surgical ward and operating theatre of the Royal Infirmary, resulting from the expectation of a very formidable surgical operation tailing place that morning. At twelve o clock the room was ctowded to excess, and numbers of medical men from all parte were assembled to witness it. The patient had for a long period suffered from cancer of the tongue, and Professor Syme had determined upon removing the organ bodily. Shortly after twelve o'clock the man was led into die theatre, placed upon the table, and quickly rendered powerless through the potent influence of tbe chloroform which was administered to him. Professor Syme commenced by taking a vertical incision through the integument covering the chin, and then sawed through the lower jaw at the symphysis. The division being made, he nextproceepedto out away the tongue at the very root, close to the hyoid bone. The arteries were quickly tied; die hemorrhage was comparatively little, the man only havinglost a few ounces of blood. The jaw was again placod together, and the integuments sewn up The man was actually able to walk out of the room. At the clow of tbe operation, Professor Syme remarked that the re- moval of the tongue bodily bad been successfully performed in Italy, but the mdut operandi was of a different nature, the incisions having been made entirely in the throat: but he (Professor Syme) considered that that mode was attended with more danger tiian die one be had chosen to adopt. This operation has never yet been performed in Great Britain; and should the patient recover, which is eamostly hoped and believed, the highest praise will be due to Professor Syme for having as skilfully undertaken that which no surgeon of this countty had formerly ventmed upon .—Edin- burgh Advertiser. .. 