.' "-~3Èflt!*ie-1 \- THE CLOUD. I bring fresh showers for the thirsting flowers, From the seas and the streams ; I bear light shade for the leaves when laid a In their noon day dreams. ss. From my wings are shaken the dews that waken The sweet birds every one, -c When rocked to rest, on their mother's breast, 5? As she dances about the sun. li I wield the flail of the lashing hail, And whiten the green plains under, n And then again I dissolve it in rain, U And laugh as I pass in thunder. I rift the snow on the mountains below, a ' And their great pines groan aghast ; / And all the night, 'as my pillow white, While I sleep in the arms of the blast. a Sublime on the towers of my skies bowers W Lightning, my pilot, sits ; as In a cavern under is fettered the thunder, ~ It struggles and howls at fits of Over earth and ocean, with gentle motion, This pilot is guiding me, Lured by the love of the genii that move fl In the depths of the purple sea Or er thrills, and the crags, and the hills, Over the lakes and the plains P Wherever he dream, under mountain or stream, The Spirit he loves, remains. S( And I all the while bask in heaven's blue smile, g Whilst he is dissolving in rains. u The sanguine sunrise, with his meteor eyes, % And his burning plumes outspread, e Leaps on the back of my sailing rack, a ' When the morning star shines dead. As on the jag of a mountain crag, Which an earthquake rocks and swings, s| An eagle alit, one moment may sit _ to In the light of its golden wings ; _ t And when sunset may breathe, from the 1st sea a' beneath, Its orders of rest and of love, ' l And the crimson pall of eve may fall p From the depth of heaven above, ^ With wings folded I rest, on mine airy nest, I As still in ft brooding dews. 2 That shed maiden with white fire laden, fl Whom deserters call the moon, Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor, By the midnight breezes strewn ; And, wherever the best of her unseen feet, a Which only the angels hear, C Hay have broken the woof of my tent's thin roof, The stars peep behind her and peer : .. And I laugh to see them whirl and flee, e, Like a swarm of golden bees, is? When I widen the rent in my wind-built tent, 1 Till the calm river, lakes, and seas, _ 0 Like strips of the sky fallen through me on high, Are each paved with the moon and these. 1 bind the sun's throne with a burning zone, c And the moon's with a girdle of pearl i t, The volcanoes are dim, and the stars reel and swim, When the whirlwinds my banner unfurl. From cape to cape with abridge like shape, O Over a torrent sea, O Sunbeam proof, I hang like a roof, c The mountains its columns be. » The triumphal arch, through which I march, With hurricane, fire, and snow, . When the powers of the air are chained to in j chair, g Is the million-coloured bon ; fc The sphere fire above, its soft colours wove, x While the moist earth was laughing below. I am the daughter of the earth and water, 3 And the nursling of the sky ; c I pass through the pores of the ocean and shores ; . fc I change, but I cannot die. J For after the rain when, with never a stein, 1 The pavilion of heaven is bare, And the winds and sunbeams, with their corn ex g gleam i, Build up the blue dome of air- £ I silently laugh at my own cenotaph, i And out of the caverns of rain, i Like a child from the womb, like a ghost from the tomb, I rise and rebuild it again. 