»tCrtíitDis fWHi*|pttnrti.- ^ Ko near MODISTEs. We believe there are no more modesty. The dresses they now pat on the backs of the ladies are not only sadly disfiguring to them, but also woefully inconvenient to the gentlemen. In fair justice, they should be called income modules. SERIOUS REMARK BY A ROGUES sanctified thief, hearing of the proposed bill for the greatly required improvement of the law in criminal cases, made a grimace, and said, 'It will increase our trials!' A TOAST FOR YOUNG AMERICA.-' Here's to the flag of stars and stripes tied may it dash its stars if doesn't soon outstrip the entire world 1 THE FAIR TOXOPHILITES. - Constance "Oh, mamma I I'm so delighted. I have just made the best gold, and won the beautiful bracelet given by Captain Rifles.» Lucy disappointed)-. Well, Constance, I think you had better not say much about it You know it was a fluke I for you told me you always shot with your eyes' shut, as you feel so very nervous 1'. WANTED THE SPED. After the discovery by the Royal Commission of the rascalities that have centred round our system of military contracts, and the cashiering that have followed their exposures, we can only say to General Peel, emphatically, * Wished on.' THE ORIGIN- Via tot TROUSERS. The pattern must have been taken by someiUveiitive genius from the Cochin China. Look at his legs. Depend upon it-, their unsightly lugginess first suggested the idea of the ' peg-top.' Stultz bankrupt for ideas, rifled the poultry yard for new forms. The goose ' has not minded stopping for once to steal from a Cochin China ! If this creation of a trouser be not true, it ought to be from the sincerity of shape or if this story of a peg-top to turn to be all a * him We would "pause for a reply, only the servant has just announced that a Dinner is waiting ! ' WORK ON RAISING WOMAN A lady has published Thoughts on Self Culture, addressed to Women.' A fat and fair friend complains that all the culture she has expended on her person had caused it to grow only in circumference. QUITE THE SKIN OF SOCIETY. Mrs Trollope maintains that in Vienna only is to be seen the ' creme de la creme ' of society. After the J sale of last Friday-, London may at least boast its possession of the creme de la Cremorne.' ARCHES COURT We see that a successor has at length been found for the Arches Commit. We should like to know who is likely to succeed at those Courts of Iniquity the Adelphi Arches unless it maybe the thieves, who succeed but too well in the absence of the police SCENTED SALE-The Thames has lately been found to contain an unusually large quantity of saline matter. Persons ignorant of chemistry may be disposed to denominate the salts of the Thames River smelling salts. To THE LORDS AND COMMONS. If we were to put a paternal wish into the mouth of Father Thames, it should be JUcrcutio'i - ' A plague on both your houses' for then something would be done to cleanse the river. -THE LETTER Latin algebra, x stands for an unknown quantity. It is pretty nearly the same with beer. Double X and Treble X only too frequently stand for an unknown quantity" of hops. PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.- We suppose that Baron Rothschild can now be called a member of the House of Commons de Jew re as well as 'de facto. MILITARY PROVERB. Sell the left and get the cat. Why are the Trafalgar-square fountains like government clerks? Because they play from 10 till 4. SlLAKSPEABE NOT THE AUTHOR OF " HAMLET." Kilkenny Theatres think the following will be " worth a place in " N. and Q." KILKENNY THE AT nurse VAL. (The last night, because the company go to morrow to Waterford.) On Saturday, May 14, 1798, Will be performed, by command of several respectable people in this learned metropolis, for the benefit of Mr Kearns, THE TRAGEDY OF WALLET. Originally written and composed by the celebrated Dan. Hayes of Limerick, and inserted in Shales pere's works. Hamlet by Mr. Kearns, (being his first appearance in that character,) who, between the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bagpipes, which play two tunes at the same time. Ophelia by Mrs. Prior, who will introduce several favourite airs in character, particularly the ' Lass of Richmond hill,' and We is an be unhappy together,' from the Rev.. Mr. Dibdin's Oddities. The parts of the Queen and King, by the direction of the Rev. Father O'Callaghan, will be omitted, as too immoral for any stage. Polonius, the'comical politician, by a young gentleman, being his first appearance in public. The Ghost, the Gravedigger, and Ladies, by Mr. Simpson, the great London comedian. The characters to be dressed in Roman shapes. To which will be added, an Interlude, in which will be introduced several sleight-of-hand tricks, by the celebrated surveyor, Hurt. The whole to conclude with the farce of MAHOMET THE IMPOSTOR, \- Mahomet by Mr. Kearns. Tickets to be had of Mr. Kearns, at the sign of the Goat's Heard, in Castle street. east The value of the tickets, as usual, will be taken (if require!) in candles, soap, butter, Cheese, c" at Mr. Kearns wishes in every particular to accommodate the public. N. B.»*-No person will he admitted into the boxes without shoes or stockings,' 8\. R. Notes and' Queries. 