jfeellE&tata.; CHIT-CHAT.-Naturally women talk more than men. The learned Buxtorf informs as, in his Hebrew Lexicon, that the mimeval name Eve is derived from a rout sigr'(\ing talk; and it was, perhaps* from a dim ska of this kind that the Bibbing owed their tradition that twelve baskets of chit-chat, it coald not be gosssp, for there were no neighbours to gossip abou<\ were rained down into Paradise, for Adam and E*e to amuse tbsmaelvei with; of which twelve Adam picked up three and Eve the other nine.-Elizabeth Strwtt. Qthe spirit of politeness consists- in our giving: sueh an attention to our manners and language, that those around as are left content with ns ; na vita themselves.-Za Brvgere. Carljle savd that each man carries under liis hat a "private theatre," whereon a greater drama than is ever performed on the mimic stage is acted, be* ginning and ending in eternity. Sibveb IN THE SEA.-A -writer in the Syd ney Morning Herald, who adopts the nom de plume of ** Peter Possum," writes as follows:-That article in the Herald about the two millions of tens of silver in the sea hoi excited the cupidity of certain young qtud monprieoeious newsmongers, with whom I rnaj say that 1 have a slight silicioiu acquaintance, as I pass them about a dozen times a day, upon the beach, Bilell gathering, 01 erecting ft ail edifices of sand that, like-bat sand-liouses have been moralized a thousand times al ready. Chryses-like, I was wandering yesterday evening, silen talon? the shore of the loud-sounding ocean-in Co).. Shindy's leaser-flagellated phrase, " is haling a puff of the briny.- The waves, as if weary after their long journey from-I'm not up in the tidal theory, ask Mr. Dyer-were breaking languidly upon the sands, with a low monotonous voar. The btucli was strewn »ith masses of brown sea-weed, as though, as Mr.. Sala says, " some untidy giauts had been drinking tea there, and had thrown out their tea-leaves." The waters were of that pate porple streaked with red-hardly oinopa-weak port-wine-negns colour, rather- that in fine weather is their usual evening hue. A solitary sail glided along, like a phantom-ship, in the offing. Here and there the snowy wing of a sea- gull blushed crimson, as it caught the last red rays-ripe, goldeu-red, is a better word for evening snnlight-of the glorious sun slowly sinking bel"nd the wcoded mountains on. the west. I hpa gathered is this little" harvest of a quiet eye," when I heard the voices of my young friends. The Jeader of the band soon appeared in sight, at the top of one of the long line of sandhills that nave crept over into the grave-yasd just be bind, twice burning the dead. Stop pingrever and anon, to empty their sand-logged shoes, the little caravan toiled through the desert, carrying, I observed, sundry quart pots and jug^ and a huge colander. Mystery marked all their movements; and when they caught sight of me, they eyed me as sus piciously as though I had been a predatory Bedouin. Not wishing to disturb them, and yet, at the same time rather curious to know what they wereabout, I mounted the sandbank, made a detour?, and! got behind them. This is-what I saw. One held the colander, into which the others poured salt water, eagerly groping, after each infusion, fer the silver pennies-which I discovered I from their conversation they expected to find, having heardisome faint rumour of the article aforesaid. A sturdy little infidel, whose laith from the first had been but weak, soon got tired of the Dannidian labour, and plumped himself down, upon a waved-gnawed log, - uttering a sentiment by so means flattering to my pro fessional pride-"It's all a lie- just like them paper felliers!" This sporadic case of scepticism, however, did not contaminate the others, who still kept pouring on,, with a perseverance, as penny-a-liner moralists remark, " worthy of a better cause." Meantime the moon had; risen, showing the belt of trees that fringe the beach all Kind-bent to the land, like Daphiue fleeing from Pbseidon, not Apollo, metamorphosed as they fled. The cold, calm linht fell clear upon the cream-coloured sands, bathing their far-stretching waste in dreary brilliance* and made the pale blue aloes still more pale-turning them, In their shadswy huelessnees, into the very ghosts* of Agava:. But gloriously the moonbeams fell upon tho waters; from shore to horiaon a path of light trembled along the waves.. Suddenly, one of the little silver-seekers looked up, and beholding the quivering splendour, caught bis sister by the arm, crying out, .as he piloted to the glittering road: **Look, Sissie! Look, Sissie! There's the silver in the sea!" That boy, lam convinced, will be a poet. I intend to propitiate him with peace-oSerings of almond-rock, in order that, in days to come, he may immortalize me in Ins verses. NEWSPAPER &ldw; FEVER. - Non-paying subscribers are thus talked to by an American.editor: -" Waggons cannot rnn without wheels, boats without steam, bullfrog's jjomp nitbont lega, or « newspaper be carried ou ao evei lasting time without funds, no-more than a dog eon wsg his tail when he has none. Oar subscribers are ail good, but what does a man's goodness do when it won't do you any good ? We have no deubt that|e very one tfca&ks; that ail have paidexceptbim, and as we are clever feilows, and this is a small mattai,itwill make no difference. It would not* if it were only con fined to a dozen or a hundred cases, but when, the slow fever seizes meet all, the complaint is altogether too genera). As the bullfrog said, 'It's fun to yon, but ifs death to ub." j A short time ago a minister, who was giv ing an address in one one of the schools «*»? Halifax, asked th» question, ** What is a feast ?" when a chubby faced bo; gave the following answer, ** A &tty; cake wi' curransint." Aqcxous RESOLUTION.-A pedant, on first attempt to swim, beinp nearly drowned, Towed he would never touch water again till he had learned the art of sehnmlnir AtTCTIONEKE'fl ADVBETlaEMEKT.-An auc tioneer having a horse to sell, who could not be ip^qcM to cross a bridge which lay In the way of his masterf* country residence, advertised him as "sold for no fault but that his owner was desiroce. of mine oat of the city/' A lazy over-fed boy, returning from his dinner to work, was asked by his master, "If he had no other motion than that." <(*Yes,M replied the youth, drawling out each letter "but ift slower.** Messrs. Dray and Cfe, the agricultural en gineers, of Swan-lane, Upper Thames- street, have a very ingenious method of excluding rats and other Yermin from coru-ricks. A set of casWron pillars a» eo formed thnj an animal ascending to the top find* himself completely at ba*» being covered with an im penetrable dome. With ueee pillars a set of iron cllsa are supplied, by means of wbieh a farmer may readily construct a stack frame from any waste timbers found on the farm. The cost is> only about £3, To brine out the grain and colours of stone or marble columns, a correspondent of the Builder re commends a strong alkali- soda, or lime and potash, using' it, if requiKa, several times; afterwards emery powder, or pumisc-etone, nibbed veil over, might poliBh the surfaces. THE Neckssitt OF Exehcise.-Use benefits of exercise to those whose occupation dees not lead them to mate any physical exertion cannot be too highly osifcuted. The body most undergo acertaia amount of fttjgne to preserve its natural strength, and maintain all the muscles and organs, in proper vigour. 1 This w&rity; equalizes the circulation, and distributes the blood more effectually through every part. Cold feet, or a chill anywhere, shorn that the circulation Is languid there. The muscles during exercise press on | the veins, and help forg&rd; the entrants kj qnfekening I every vessel into activity. The valves or the heart are in this way aided in the work of sending on this stream, and relieved of a amount of labour. When exercise is neglected, tbe Wood gathers too tnodi about tbi« central region, and the oppression about the heart, difficulty of breathing, lowness of spirit*, anxiety and heaviness, numerous aches and atitobes, are evidences of this stagnation. People are afraii to take exorcise , because they fbucy they want breath, and feel weak. But the very effort would free the heart from th's bur den, by urgwg the blood forward to tbe extremities; it would ease their breathing by liberating the lungs from the «m« superabundance; it would make the frame feel active and light, as the effect of equalized circulation and frpft action* -TU ia*" ffgegltk, bj/fkt EtV, J. W.meUtT 