K2ÏGMSII EXTRACTS. KNICKEKBOKKK OX CRICKET. (From the Knlehrbolvr Magazine J " And speaking of ' doestieks,' hore ure some thoughts of his « upon seeing a oriekot match,' w Inch although now 'somo throe moons wasted' (hiving boen during that tuno in type), will nevertheless, prove acceptable to our readers. But hush, it Ins 'doestieks' who speaks - " I have hranl a great deal about the manly sports of ' merry Fngland, and have always had a great respect for experts lu Hit athletic games of tho llrltlshtn Criekct has been n'iecltled as ngame rcqulriiig the greatest ixMsible quickness of the ci t, and activity ot the limb, aud I have heretofore! looked upon It as u glorious sport, full of luteuse though Innocuous excitement. In my lamb like innocence 1 have always, until )estirda), sup posed 'cricket to bo a diversion, an amusement, a p-uthni, and nothing but ocular demonstration could have convinced me ol my great mistake. 1 wo famous ' elevens wera to play a match ut Hoboken! crack min on both sides, lil a v y bets, .owning world all prophes) Ing gnat tilings, resolved togoi did go i am disappoint«!, anti, 1 ma) na), disgusti d tricket Is not a gamo, It Is a jiopulur fullac) to suppose it Is, but It is a sou mu ceremony performed with tile greatest strlousness by doluil.eel hiigllslnui ti, who (hink they ure having fun I un 1 A cricketer has no more appréciation ot genuine fun than a di nil jackass has ol a fancy hornpipe drim are tho crlokitt in, ami dcspolulhig, smllelc-es dejected forlorn, and bilious, f he Pil- grim 1 athen holding au out door prayer meeting on a side hill, lu four feet or snow in the middle of lebruar), wen a pay »it of Joli) dogs compared to tlusc ructhl orlckitlng l.nglisluneii, out ior a day's pleasure A Now 1 ork iiiiinlcr trial, or a Kentucky hanging match, would be a roaring farce b) the side of tlio sportive tragedy of these two crock " 1 lev ens 1 hu ghost of li »lilli t s father, and the spettro of tho miin(ercd Ilaiu-uo, talking ovtr their private matter* at midnight, hy tlio light of hint) fth>, would look quito gay and festivo whan likoitud to the lldbokon cricket ground willi u match In progress Cricket! Will hereafter when I want a sv ihm) mo tor all that Is intolerably dull and stupid, I shall say Cricket \v hen I want to expix-j agrund climax of spiritless dijectlon, 1 shall remark. Cricket When 1 dtslro to say of somi tuan ucalust whom I linn n m >« i - i»» .i -. i tisiigtsl, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, mid flat, I shall »imply cull bim a cricketer, and then I «hall dodge. And if any mun accuses me lu a like tuuuuer, I »hall tako out a warrant for éva- luation of character, and site him for maliciously damaging my reputation to a hugo oxlcnt, . I «vent to Hoboken «yltli lmnipliool, who, although au Ameri- can, Is u cricketer, (lo tqltl nie I «vould seo great sport, (lot to (hu ground, bestowed myself Under a tree, «vhllo Duuiphool went til tile cllib-houso tq uttfro himself. PresonUy ho appeared again, dressed In white flannel from hood to foot. He had u jockuy cap on lils head, and buskin slipper* on lils feet, .lust before tho gaum commenced, hu tied II beti quilt on each leg, and put on some leather gloics Then tho people took tl|ch> places, anti tho tuen who tvere not hmvlinp; ml tqak tho «anio position, with their hunda un tlm'r knees and the|r chins ele- vated ut nu imglo ql fqrty-llVQ tlcgrces. Then tho qnipiro erteil oqt 'piny, then tbeboivler,adls.hcarteneiVIOQk|iigman, tqok up the bull, which wits as hurd 04 u brick, und throw It with all lils might at tho lugubrious Individual «vith a tivo-luiiid«l pudding-stick In lils grasp, who stood in front of tomo little stloks which wcro stuck In the ground like an unflnliliAd lion, coop. There wore tiva melancholy boivler«, ttvo urooplng bats- men, and two iintlnUhud hon-ooups, When the delected mun »HW tho hall coining ho mado a poke at It with lils pudding stick, but ho didn't hit It t then lie sadly rested from lil« laboura, willie a nunibor of doleful mun on the other side wearily sought for thu ball. Then the other bowler with a sad oountcnauoo, threw tho ball at tho other gloomy bati- mán, who made another dispirited poko at it with hi« pud dlng-stlcki this timo ho lilt It 1 then he ran towtrtl» tho other hen-coop, and tho mau at lil« cud ran to his hen-coop. The marker ¡mt down ono mark for lils «Ido ; and they all retted lu desponding silence for llvo minutes, during whloh time every- body religiously kept mournfully still. I expected to bear some 1 ouoload In prayer or l«glntn exhortation or commence rçadln^ ' the Eurlal Service, or some inspiriting fhJng of that kind, but no one volunteered any amusement, and pretty soon the dowu enst plavci s resumed tile mysteries of crlcact. 1 here was more throwing at the tun coops, and pretty soon one was knocked down Then the bitsmau, who ought to have stood beforcit and stopped the ball, with the bed quilts on his legs, was de- clared to be* 'out' Then he retired dlseoinforted, -while the rest of his eleven set up a dismal groan Then Damphool went In and took the pudding-stick Then the Ïrave man went In and threw the ball at Damphool mmphool poked at it manfully, then he ran for the other hen coop The bed quilts on Damphool s legs interfered with his speed, nnd he didn t get along very fait, so aman pensively toole the ball and knocked down Damphool 8 hen-coop, «hen Damphool was 'out ' 1 hey persevered in this joudnrity until sunset, at which time the funeral state of things came to an end Then the eleven whose pudding stick men lind made the most Journeys between the hen-coops were declared to be the winners, then they untied bed quilts from their legs, took off their flannels and went home lids Is all there is in Hie game of cricket It may be a very brisk amusement for some men, but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure ride la a hearse, or going to a dozen pedestrian funerals for a day's pleasure, as of participating In the gloomy ceremonies of cricket tor the same length of time " 