THE MURDER AT ELYSIAN FLAT. The inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Daniel Blake, was resumed on Fri day, at the Sir Ilenry Barkly hotel, and resulted in the following verdict : — " That the deceased, Daniel Blake, came by his death on the 13th day aP TlanomVtar q TCIvninri "Flnf frrtm fTin effects of a severe fracture of his skull, caused by a blow from a pick- handle, inflicted on him by the hands of One Pat Lautry, on the 12th day of Dec., 1838, at Elyslan Flat. We therefore consider the said Pat Lftntry guilty of the Wilful murder of the said Daniel Blake." The inquiry terminated at twelve o'clock at night. The prisoner was ap prehended on Saturday. On that morning, at half-past seven o'clock, a man tiamed Blather, came to Mounted Constable BI'Knight and in formed hirn that lie had seen a man at the edge of the diggings, who, from his appearance and manner he believed to be Lantry. He told the man that he had had nothing to eat for a couple of days, and begged him to give him a feed. On receiving the information, BI'Knight, accompanied by Constable Blontgomery, went to the spot, and on the mdti pointing out the tent, BI'Knight went up to it while the other constable remained with their horses at a short distance, as they feared he might make a bolt ihto the adjoining Scrub. Hav ing heard that the man wds armed, and might be disposed to make some resistance, the constable took out his revolver and suddenly entered the tent and caught Lantry by the neck, informing him that if he moved he would shoot him He, however, did not offer the least resistance. In all probability the want of food for two days, com bined with the horrible doubts and anxieties he must hnve experienced While waiting for the ver dict of the jury, had considerably tamed the vio lent Sperit which he previously possessed- There was nothing in the tent except a swag made up. The prisoner was secured and taken to the Sham rock Hotel, wence he was conveyed with a strong escort, under the charge of Sergeant Ryall, into Sandhurst abont twelve o'clock, and safely lodged in the gaol on the coroner's remand warrant. He will be brought up to-morrow to be identified by the witnesses. BVe understand he was formerly in. the Fifth Irish Fusileers, and latterly a ser- ceantin the Mauritius Mounted Police. He came to this colony in 1854. — Advertiser. The National Bank. — The motion in equity for ah injunction to restrain BlessrsHustin, Cruik shank, Porter, Cumberland, Lempriere, Brown, Cdffey, Caple, Purves, and Franklin, from carrying on the business of this Bank, wap commenced on Monday! the ease remained undecided at the close of the day. The Court of Equity yesterday pre sented one of the most curious spectacles that ever came before a judicial tribunal in this country. The equity barristers engaged by the several con tending parties in the National Bank dispute num bered about a dozen, whose various relations to the questions at issue were considered one of the most noticeable features of the pending suit. BVe find five shareholders representing five hundred shares tilling a bill praying for the dissolution of Hie uzwaiug wMJ|«aifjr, uumoumg cigifb iiuuureu shareholders, possessing 45,000 shares. In other words, one thousand pounds worth of capital wishes to control eighty-nine thousand pounds worth, even to the extremity of Shutting up the Hank. These five shareholders appear as the plaintiffs, and are seemingly harmonious ; but the defendants appear as a body of moBt curiously conflicting elements. Three of the directors and the shareholders, as defendants, appear through counsel to oppose the prayer of the bill, while Messrs Cruikshank, Cumberland, and Porter, also as defendants, appear through counsel to support the prayer, and BIr. Cruikshank alone as defen dant, claims through counsel his resigned 'position as Chairman, and supports the prayer of plaintiffs. We find also affidavits from shareholders holding 9,000 shares presented against the bill. Thus we have altogether as extraordinary a esse as perhaps ever came before the Supreme Court of this co lony. One set Mr. J. H Chevallier, of Sacramento, has invented a method of extracting gold from the dross of the quartz mills. These " tailings " arc the sulphates, chiefly of iron, which, after pulver ising, are rejected in the amalgamating process, and thrown out generally as worthless by the mifaCrs. He found them to contaih from 50 to 100 cents of gold to the ounce of sulphate, and succeeded ih bringing his machine to such perfec tion as to enable him to work over a ton of the quartz waste per day, from which is yielded an average of 100 dollars per ton— 1000 dollars being sometimes extracted from this material, which costs only 30 dollars in its almost refuse state. In addition to the Buiphates, a considerable nmonnt of mint and assay ashes are subjected to the searching process. But a larger business still is done in the black Band procured either directly from the miners' camps, or from the bankers, who obtain it in cleansing the dust they purchase. These "blowings" as they are denominated, are soiiletimes very rich, yielding as much as 210 dollars upon 57 ozs. of sand. The use of the sulphate does not end with the surrendering up of its golden richness, but it is sold at 3 cents per pound, and converted into a common article of paint, which, after passing through the mill, is ot if Violet color. Polished Steel Frigates. — An order has been givC'n by the Flench Government for six new screw frigates, of 900 horse-power each, two to be built at Rochefort, two at L'Orient, and two at Bomc other port, each to be bliiwhe or cuirasse. Us the term now goes, with plates of polished steel, each weighing 22 cwts., 5 tect in length, 2k in breadth, at a cost of 571. each plate; these pfales are to be inserted between the planks of every part of the frigates above high watermark, and will render them impervious to shot nnd shell. The iron hail storm will pour down on them in vain, impavidttm ferient minai. Steel shot have been fired at the plates from long and short ranges in the Polygon at Vincennes, and they have sus tained less injury than Ichabod Crane when the ghost threw its head at him in Sleepy Hollow ; but the very source from which the Emperor will obtain the armour wherewith to encase his ships is another guarantee for peace. Even the French Government, with all the vast resources at com mand which so struck Sir Charles Napier, is adttlpclled to apply to an Engish ironmaster, one Mr. Howard, to furnish those plates. The samples are 1 metre 70 centrimetres in length, 75 centi metres broad, 10 centimetres thick ; each will weigh 1248 killograms, and will cost 1420 francs; aud as the entire vessel above Watermark will be covered with these stupendous shields, the cost will 'be prodigious. Railway Appointments. — Candidates for ap pointment to subordinate situations on the twenty miles of the Melbourne and River Blurray Rail way, to be opened in the beginhiug of January, waited dn Mr. Duffy oil Mohday, to the number of about 200. 