CARDINAL WISEMAN'S SERMON. (From the Catholic Telegraph, September 6th.) , Never did we see expectation more eager and in tense tlian that which was exhibited in and about our Cathedral Church on Sunday last. From nine ?'clock in the morning till the close of the last Mass, Marlborough-street was densely crowded from one end to the other, and no sooner was the approach of his Eminence announced than accla mations rent the air, and it became almost im possible for carriages to proceed. 'Nothing was wanting to render the ceremony worthy the presence of a Prince of the Church, in the Metropolitan Cathedral of Catholic Ireland. Cardinal Wiseman, attended by the Rev, Mon signor Clifford, and the Rev. Mr. Burke arrived at the Cathedral at twelve o'clock. His Eminence was in full cardinalate costume, including the cappa viagna. He was received at the granJ entrance by bis Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, attended by his secretary, the Rev. Dr. Murray, and accom panied by the Dean and Chapter of St. Patrick's in their rob'es. The Dean presented his Eminence with the nspersorum, with which he sprinkled those present, and was then conducted up the centre of the nave to the throne prepared for his reception. While his Eminence was proceeding along the cliurch, attended by the Archbishop, and followed by the Chapter, &c;, the choir sung with full organ accompaniment — the anthem, Ecce Sacerdotas mag ma, expressly arranged for the occasion. The striking effect of this beautiful composition, and the circum stance of its first performance here, excited general attention. At tlib Epistle side was placed an ele vation corresponding to that of the episcopal chair, I the chair for the Archbishop. The other prelates present were the Right Rev. Dr. Walsh, Bishop 01 Kildare and. Leighlin ; the Right Rev. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of Wheeling, United States, and the Right Rev. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of Bombay. The Chap ter occupied a choir extending around the front of the sanctuary. Nearly one hundred of the clergy of the archdiocese, wearing soutans and surplices, were also present. As soon as the Cardinal had taken his place the grand Pontifical High Mass was commenced. The high priest was the Right Rev. Dr. Whelan, the Bishop of Bombay ; deacon, the Rev. Mr. Murphy j sub-deacon, the Rev. Mr. Irwin ; master of the ceremonies, the Rev. Dr. Murray and the Rev. Mr. Power. There was in attendance a large number of youths attired in red and purple contains and white surplices. The altar was illumined by wax lights standing in massive candelabra : the prevailing colour of the throne, &c;, was red. THE SERMON. At the Gospel the Cardinal quitted the throna nnd proceeded to the platform of the grand altar, from which he delivered to the deeply attentive con gregation a discourse replete with piety, learning, depth of thought, and eloquence. We give what is not a complete and exact, but is a substantial report. He commenced as follows : — 'And He was subject to them.' Words taken from the 2nd chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, 51st verse. Beneath the roof of a church dedicated to the glorious and' ever Blessed Mother of God, where from every side shine down upon us the em blems of 'her dignity, on a day on which is com memorated that maternity which communicated to her all her sublime prerogatives ; in the presence of a faithful people, who know how to love and to reverence her, it would be contrary to everything that inspires me if I spoke to you to-day upon any other subject than that which the time, the place, and the attendance so naturally suggest. It is not necessary for me to say anything to those who hear me in support of the Catholic doctrine concerning devotion to the Blessed Mother of our Lord Christ i Jesus ; it is not necessary that I should even explain to you, as if you were an ignorant flock, the nature of thisdovotion, its character, its conditions ; nay, it is not expedient that I should try to recommend that devotion, or endeavour to add anything to the fervour which I know animates the people of this island, and this city in particular — the fervour of that d^ep, most loving, most faithful affection towards her whom they consider their patroness, their mother, their best and truest friend, their in tercessor for ever beside the throne of her Son. No, my brethren, it is not in any of those views that I will address you, but it is rather to give utterance to those sentiments of corresponding love and de votion which form a tie between us, as every bond of, faith and devotion will ever be. I will speak to .you.upon the only topic which naturally comes to one's thoughts hero ; and I am sure that you would think I was wandering from that which belongs to this day — that I was withholding from you the food proper to this festival of Mary, if I did not en deavour to lay before you such thoughts as may in spire me, and endeavour to show you in what way it is that this festival of the maternity of the Blessed Virgin recalls to us the illustrious virtues with which she was endowed, and the sublime privileges with which she was invested. We will simply go through a few passages m her life, and consider her in her various relations with her Son ; and see how we can trace those memorable events that, dis tinguished her in the world, that have raised her to a place beside the throne of that Son in heaven, and won for her the simple but glorious title of ' Mother of Jesus.' And first, my brethren, let us begin to contemplate her from the moment in which she' verified the words of the angel, and gave to the world the Incarnate Word. It is certain that if we look around the world for a type and representation of the best and purest possible affection, if we look for love in its utmost intensity— in its most unselfish simplicity— in its sweetest tenderness, then at .once arises to our minds that natural affection which binds the mother to her child. For that pledge of 'God's love she is ready to sacrifice herself, for getting ever)- consideration ; not only will she sacri . fice health and all the pleasures of life, but life itself if necessary j and we cannot imagine a , being more ready to give assistance to another than the mother who sees her child in danger, and resolves at once to make herself an oblation for its safety. So comarkabls ia this affection that God has beautifully chosen it as a representation of His own love for man. He does not content Himself with saying to us 'lam your father,' notwithstanding all the natural ties of affection it suggests, but He comparts Himself to a mother in His affection for us. He could not give us any image more complete to show the tenderness of His love for us than by comparing himself, not to a father, but to a mother. Can a mother forget the -child of her womb ? and even if she could forget it, He would not forget us. Yet, my brethren, perfect as is this love, considered as the highest and holiest of earthly affections, there must be, and there is a love superior to it — far greater — far higher — a love divine. The mother must love God more than the in fant, for which she is ready to sacrifice herself. No virtuous, no pious, no devout mother but knows this — that rather must she lose her child than lose her God ; and it is difficult to realise the magnitude of that love that transcends the love of the mother for her child. There are times when, perhaps, in her heart, she reproaches herself that she did not love God as she loved her child. ?3ven the holiest mother will confess that there is more emotion and . sensitiveness, and more practical devotion, in the mother for her child than in any other love, and that willingly would she love God in the same way that she loves the object of her maternal affections —willingly would she declare her readiness to do as much for God as she does for the little object of her tenderness. Dangerous, therefore, is this love, for it may be carried to excess, so intense is it in its nature. When the moment of real trial comes — when sickness strikes the child- — when, like David, she prays and. fasts for its life— when she may offer' herself to be sacrificed that the ehild would be spared — when the hour comes that she sees this little dear one begin to pant, and its breath gradually to pass away, though she knows that the transition is only from a life of darkness and prospective misery to one of instant light and infinite happiness, still she. regrets to part with that child to her God, and for a short moment, perhaps, she repines and sor rows. If, after a few moments of bursting grief, she begins to reflect well, what are the humble words that come first to her lips ? 'Oh I have loved that child too deeply ; I made it too much the idol of my affections, and God has taken it to. Himself.' We see, my brethren, that this love of the mother, however beautiful, however natural, however commended and again and again in culcated by the law of God, may become a dangerous affection, inasmuch as it may know no bounds, and possibly absorb all that Divine love due to the Creator and Giver of all things. This danger is illustrative of the force and power of the mother's affection for the child. To only one being on earth — to only one of God's creatures has it ever been, or will ever be granted — that this love should be misplaced or should not become excessive, for, by virtue of the Maternity of Mary, she was constituted the Mother of God; and there was no possible danger of her ever carrying the maternal affection, I will not say into excess, but even to the nearest ap proach of any thing that was not pure and perfect, holy and most acceptable. The caresses she lavished upon her child she lavished upon her God. Exercising the right of the mother, she embraced her child, and it was God she embraced. Every time she administered to Him the' nourishment which His infancy was pleased to require, she was giving to the incarnate God a part of herself, bestow ing upon God a gift which no other being was entitled or permitted to confer. This union of the maternal love with the divine love was indissoluble. The two branches of charity growing in her were so completely intertwined that no power on earth or in heaven could separate the one from the other, or even for an instant disunite them ; giving her, con sequently, this singular prerogative, that, taking the highest, the most pure and perfect standard of human love, she was privileged to exercise it towards her God, so that it was impossible by any effort of her virginal heart to love too much, for she was loving God with all the power of a mother's affection for her child, and was, at the same time, rendering the love of the creature to her Creator. Surely, then, my brethren, we have here, referrable to the maternity of our dear and blessed lady, all that con stitutes at once in this earthly love of the mother for her child and divine love of the creature for her God — saintliness in .its highest possible perfection. What is the standard of holiness ? The love of God, the observance of the first commandment — love of God above all things ; and those who thus love God fulfil the law. If, therefore, the love of God constitutes the very form and substance, of holiness — if to Mary was given the privilege of loving with a fervour of love'that could belong to no other creature — if she could love her God with all that intensity of affection the highest that earth can furnish, as the representation of the most complete and perfect love — that of the mother for her child, which was her relation to God — she had consequently communicated to her a character of love incommuni cable even to blessed spirits ; and it was this love of her God which raised Mary to the height of holiness, and made Her become the most precious and the most beautiful of His saints. Let us now dwell for a few moments upon the second stage of the relations between the Blessed Virgin and her Son ; and see what character it bestows at once upon her, different from that which belongs to any other person. The gospel of this day, the words from which I have chosen for my text, give us at once a clue to this. Our Lord has grown into that period of life when youth has a will which he may follow, and when He knows full well His prerogatives, and He lived in Nazareth, and made Himself subject to.His parents — He made Himself subject to them. You understand, of course, what that must mean. It follows that from that time He obeyed any order given Him in that relation of parent and child. It does not mean that in greater or more important things He conformed to the will of His mother and of Joseph, His reputed father. The word ' subject' signifies, as every one well knows, that submission which is due from the child to the parent, which characterises the servant in his conduct to him who rules over him ; it means the habit of constant obedience, the observance of every behest, the readi ness in every time and every place at once to do what is bidden ; it means the disposition of mind and of . will and of heart to sacrifice a personal will to the will of another, and to substitute another's will for one's own. This is what wo understand by these words ; and now let us see what it conveys of love. Our Lord is living familiarly at home, as other chil dren niight live with their parents j He works at a menial trade ; He is in that poor household the at tendant upon his mother ; he is not called Rabbi, or Master, or Lord ; as afterwards he was.- He is still known by the name of his infancy— by the dear name which the augel communicated to,. Mary — by that sweet name of Jesus, which was always upon the lips of his mother nnd of Joseph, His re puted father. He is called, he is sent, he is Com manded, or, commands being unnecessary, He is desired to do whatever is needful for that little house hold. As his reputed father advances in ycar3, and the number of his days it multiplied, and that he is approaching to his end, tha obligations assumed by the blessed youth, his industry, his submission, his labours, only increase. I have asked already what does this imply? Our blessed Lord is God as well as man. As God, His holy will is none other than that of His eternal Father, with whom this union is so complete that it is impossible for him, -in any way, to have any will in contradiction to that of the Father. He cannot, however, slightly or imper ceptibly, depart from the will of His Father, for it is His own. No authority,. no jurisdiction, no com mand could possibly induce him to depart in the smallest degree from that eternal will in which He is himself partaker, and which is His own divine will, and which can never be otherwise than in full and perfect conformity to the will of God. Now, my dear brethren, when our Lord obeys man — when he puts his will at the disposal of a creature, it cannot be, except on this condition, the complete certainty that there will be in erery command and in every desire that may be expressed to Him a per fect conformity with the will of God. It must be the same to Him to obey the will of Mary as to obey the Divine Father; for, if the two are at variance, he must disobey.the subject. Not only must this fact of conformity between the commands of the one and the will of the other be so, but it must have been to the knowledge of God a certainty that it would be always so. The fact of declaring that He was subject for eighteen years to that blessed mother at once implies that He knew, during the eighteen years, a.s during the years that preceded, that there would be no discrepancy between the will of her and the will of His Father, with whom every act, every thought, every breath of His must be in necessary unison and conformity. Now, my breth ren, we may desire to love God with the utmost of our power. Man may seek to do what pleases the Almighty ; and yet we know it is impossible for him, in this world of imperfections and temptations, always to be sure that his will and his acts are in conformity with the will of God. On the contrary, it is only after he has discovered the will of God that he can truly say he seeks him, and follow Him. It is a perpetual study, a constant care and anxiety with him, that what ever he does will be conformable to God's will. We must endeavour, as it were, to move in the same line or in the same orbit, following exactly, step by step, Him from whom alone we can learn ' and de rive that power of conformity to his will in all things. The privileges and the blessing of knowing that they thus conform to Him is reserved for those blessed spirits, the souls of the just made perfect, who live in God and in the eternal enjoyment of His presence — who cannot for a moment change in their devotion to him or in their state of perfect confor mity to His will — which will be the happy lot of man redeemed and saved, when the time of trial is gone by, and when he can no longer follow his own earthly desires. But to Mary, upon earth, was granted this high prerogative of being in perfect conformity in her own actions to the will of God. So complete was this identity of sentiment, that God himself was able to obey her with the full certainty that every command of her's — that eveiy request of her's, would be in perfect and entire conformity to the will of His heavenly Father j and so every look of Mary was but the reflection of the eye of God ; every word that passed from her mouth was the echo of the voice of God coming from his throne — every command or desire she expressed — every impulse and every suggestion, harmonised with His. Be loved brethren, what are the conditions necessary for love? The desire of being in perfect unity and harmony with the object of affection ; and Mary can truly be said to be in entire union of heart and soul with God, and not alone in love but in the results of it. Is there yet a higher step for which it is im possible for a human creature to aspire to for bring ing himself or herself nearer still to God ? There remains one step, and it is that higher love and con formity with God's will which naturally inspires the creature with a desire, if possible, to co operate with the Creator — to be not merely the material instrument, but to be truly a sharer in his own work — to be permitted to act in his name and to exercise power which, emanating from Him, is still so entrusted that it may be used with that freedom which would give merit to its application. Do you not think that the angels in heaven who see the face of the Father, passing a blissful eternity in the contemplation of Him — do you not think that they esteem it a distinction to be still further de puted to perform the will of God — carrying out his purpose — the salvation of mankind ? — or that when an illustrious angel like Gabriel, Raphael, or Michael, receives a commission to bear some glad tidings to the world, or perform some great work of divine dispensation, he unfurls his wings with de light, leaves the immediate presence of God, which we imagine him locally to contemplate, but which never departs from Him, and proceeds gladly, whether it be to Daniel to expound prophecy, or merely to bring the message of love, considering it to be the highest honour to be thus enabled to assist in carrying out the glorious, the magnificent designs of God ? And what was the position of those great men of the old law, commencing with Moses, and proceeding onwards, who were ordained to become the chiefs of God's people — to whose guidance and care was committed the carrying out of His great woik— rwho bore in their hands the rod of His omnipotence — who had in their breasts the secret of His wisdom ? Were they not honoured beyond all other men? Did they not consider it a glory to be thus intrusted with the great mission of pro vidential care, to be placed at the head of God's greatest work towards the people whom He loved? There is, my brethren, in all this some reward of honour and of glory for those so engaged. The angels thus employed are distin guished amongst the heavenly hosts, and those who were so honoured amongst the men of' the old law were above the rank of ordinary prophets, and became true heroes — the great men of the earlier dispensation. But, to co-operate in the work of God silently, unknown — without reward from men, at least during life — without those incentives which make men equal to a great and high mission in the world, that was a merit reserved for her, without whose co-operation it is hard to say in what state mankind would have been. God was pleased that it should depend on her that the greatest of mys teries should be accomplished. He gave her time to deliberate. He accords her permission to sug gest difliculties, in order that He might secure that real sacrifice which she had made, and should not be robbed of that precious gift by which we may, in deed, know that there was nothing great or possible in the world but could obtained from God ; and it was not until she' said ' Behold the handmaid of the Lord, be it done unto me according to thy word,' that the great mystery was accomplished. And now pause for a moment. Here is the greatest work whieh God has^wrought, not since the creation of the world, but during the countless ages of His own existence— the Word incarnate, the Word made flesh. Mark here, how singular is the whole of this mystery. She used the words — they fell from her the first, and she alone was entrusted, not only with the precious gift, but with the knowledge of it No one else could have known it. Joseph himself was not aware pf it till she revealed it. Allow me now for an instant to deviate from the line which I was pursuing. I have addressed you as good and faithful Catholics, believing what the Church teaches you, and also as servants of Mary, feeling true devotion towards her j but I beg hero to make a remark which may perhaps be useful in conversing with others. Look at those men who, unhappily for themselves, know not, and understand not, the prerogative of Mary — Look, I will not say, at these more wretched men who have the hardihood, unfeelingness, the brutality to scoff her. Just see the position in which such persons are placed with respect to their religion. They say we cannot 'worship,' as they call it, the Virgin Mary, we can not honour her, because in doing so we would be de ? rogating from the honour due to her Son — to the word incarnate — to Jesus Christ. I would say to these men — how did you know that he was incar nate? How did you know that this Son of God be came man ? You say in your creed that he was con ceived by the Holy Ghost. Who gave you notice of that conception ? Gabriel was not present. He had vanished. You don't believe — no Protestant believes —that the Bible is a simple revelation, that is, a series of truths not known, and could be not known, by human knowledge. The Evangelists them, selves — the one from whom I quoted — tells us that Mary laid up the angel's words in her heart, and tells us that he sought information from those who knew it. Mary was the only, the sole witness in the world, to the mystery of the incarnation. There was only her word that she conceived thus mira culously of the Holy Ghost. She told it the Apostles, and they believed it, and recorded it with the sanction of the Holy Spirit. The real source of the historical and inspired testimony of the accomplishment of the great mystery of the incarnation is Mary, and those who scoff at her could not venture to believe, except through her testimony, that God received our nature. It is through her that they know it ; yet they pretend to honour Him at her expense. It was, therefore, with her co-operation that this great mystery was wrought, and it was right that it should be so com municated. The time at length came when for the great completion — the final completion — of this eter nal mystery, which was to astonish men and angelB, there was one true heart in which all that was to occur was faithfnlly treasured — one who listened to the wonderful and mysterious words of the venerable old man who told her in the days of her motherly happiness the sword of affliction would pierce her heart. Oh, she had often spoken to her Divine Son. She knew too well the course which He had to run. She knew wherefore he had come into the world, and every breath of hers was towards God. She knew well that he had the will of his father to follow, which involved more pain than any other suffer ing of His life. She knew well that he had bitter food, indeed, to take, which was not prepared by her hand. She had lived in anticipation of the suffering which naturally resulted from this knowledge com municated to her, and she well knew the time- would come when, at the last passover with His disciples, He should put aside the world and enter the King dom of His Father. She knew that another cup was to be placed in His hands, to be drained by him to the dregs, supported by an angel in the garden of olives. She knew that well — so well that it is hardly necessary even to have recourse to the holy tradition that she saw in a vision what passed in the garden of Gethsemani. But certain it was that the morn ing sun saw her hasten to her Son, in order that that conformity which she had preserved with the will of God during the whole of her life — that conformity which had been so great that her Son, in obedience to Jier will, anticipated the time for the performance of His first miracle — it was right that that conformity should at length be transmuted into a perfect unity incapable of the slightest separation ; and that could only be done in the way which it was accomplished on Calvary at the foot of the Cross. My dear brethren, why was Mary there? That simple question in its answer solves every difficulty. Why was Mary there ? It was no part of the sentence of Jesus, as if to increase or enhance the bitterness of His death, that his mother should stand by, and it never was commanded in any nation, however bar barous, that the mother should be at the scaffold when her son expiated what was, rightly or wrongly, imputed to him as his guilt. It was not compul sory on Mary to be at Calvary ; she was not driven there, nor was it usual for her to seek publicity. She had followed him, indeed, through all his mission in Judea; but she stood off, and the people who surrounded Him used to say to Him, ' Your mother and brethren are without.' She did not claim the privileges of her rank to be close to Him when He was disputing with the Pharisees or in structing Multitudes. When he went into the house to perform his miracles, he took Peter, James, and John. We read not that Mary presumed to follow Him, and exult in the magnificent exercise of his Divine power. No, she followed at a distance ; she kept near Jesus, watching over him ; but she knew that now is not her hour — that it is not yet the hour when her parental duty is to be associated with her parental rights. She had lived the whole of her life in retirement, first in the Temple, then in the cottage at Nazareth. And she who naturally shrunk from the assembly of men came forth at the time most trying to her feelings, to be present at the execution — the brutal execu tion of her son, in that form of suffering which was most disgusting and most deeply rending to the tender heart. Mary came forth to witness the death — of whom ? Of her only beloved son, of her only child, whom she remembered an infant in her arms. She will stand by to see those hands cruelly pierced which she [had so often pressed to her lips she will stand by and see that noble, that divine countenance — the first lonk from whose eyes beamed upon her — the first smile of whose lips shone upon her heart — to see that countenance bedewed with blood streaming from the thorned crown — to see him beaten, and buffetted, and defiled by spittle, and mocked by his persecutors. She came to seek him at this hour of His suffering. And why 1 Because the heart of the mother must be near that of the son, in order that they may both be struck together, and so produce that perfect unity of suffering, that she may be said truly to co-operate, not alone in feeling but in sympathy with the divine work of sal vation. Suppose, my brethren, you have two masses of precious gold j let the one be heavier than the other, of incomparably greater value— more beautiful in its colour — more pure in its substanca, and in every way more precious from a thousand associa tions. Let the other be indeed precious, yet very inferior to the first. Cast them into the same crucible — heat them in the same furnace — and they will melt into one, so that we may not separate them again. What a furnace of affliction — what a crucible of torture and of anguish was that into which the two hearts of Jesus and Mary were fused in that hour on Calvary ! And could it be possible that there could arise a difference of thought, of feeling, of desire between the two — could it be possible to unravel them, having lost every other thought, every other idea, in the predominant one of accomplishing the great sacrifice which God had appointed for the salvation of man. His Eminence, after dwelling for some time on this point, continued : — Even at this'moment — in the midst of His sufferings — Jesus knew full well that Mary, standing by at the foot of the cross, was His mother, and Mary full knew that she was the Mother of God. And while she knew that His heavenly father was surrendering Him to execution and to death, could she do do less than to surrender Him too 1 And she cannot surrender Him except as a mother— therefore was this willing sacrifice. As she accepted Him i at His incarnation, she yielded Him at his death, saying — the Lord gives and Lord taketh away: blessed and fully accomplished ever he the will of God ! although it may wring her maternal bosom, and drive the sword of affliction deep into her loving heart — even to its utmost chord. Thus it is she be came a co-operator with God in His great work — she became the priestess on the part of mankind, through whom was allowed to be accomplished the sacrifue which was considered too difficult and pain ful for her father, Abraham — the sacrifice of a be loved child. While we know that Jesus Christ is alone the priest and the oblation of His father, we don't derogate from the infinite maje3ty, efficacy, and sublimity of the oblation of the Lamb upon our altars by believing that He permits us, his unworthy priests, to be to a certain degree his coadjutors in the work, not in any way increasing its «fficacy by aught that the priest can do, but still standing, as it were, at his side soliciting the divine action, without which nothing we did would take effect. Thus, it may be said that Mary, loving God as no other crea ture ever loved him — loving in uniformity with His divine will, in a way nerer granted to any other being on earth, at length reached that which must be the very consummation of the desire of love — that of acting, working, and suffering with God, as sisting him, so far as human means can do, in the accomplishment of His great and glorious work of redemption. My brethren, I am sure that many of your hearts have been suggesting that this maternity of Mary towards Jesus extends beyond one dear Son, and you ask are we not her children ? don't we commemorate this day her kind and affectionate re lations and efficacious relationship as a mother to wards her children 1 I need not tell you that when these hearts were so cleie together as that they could not be separated in affection, it was in that hour that the mysterious relationship was established between Jesus and us. The relationship, commencing with the incarnation, caused us to become His brothers truly, and Mary consequently became our mother ; and his parched and quivering lips, just, before he uttered his last cry upon the Cross, recognised the relationship I speak of, and bade her receive from John his love as a child, and Jehn receive her's as a mother. We accept these words in their fullest sense. We take our place willingly with him without fear of being re jected, and gladly send up our prayers to her for intercession, as our mother sitting on her throne in heaven. As a true and faithful people, we cannot place her in the ranks of ordinary saints who may be in holy communion with him. There are amongst those saints those who have protected our country—those who planted and defended its faith— who were celebrated for having honoured, and, still more, blessed it. There are, amongst them, our guardian angels and the mighty host of blessed spirits that we know to be ministering before the throne of God. Yet, with none of those holy beings claiming our prayers, can we classify in that com munion of saints — establish in that loving friendship and filial duty, the Mother of God. We speak to them as saints, as faithful servants of the Lord, as our friends who have preceded us to glory and can assist us there ; but to none can we use the words which we can apply to Mary — to none can we speak as a child to its mother — with none can wo establish or claim the patronage, care and love of her as one en joying Heaven a3 a solitary luminary standing between him and the highest rank of those blessed angels. And why ? Because she is the Mother of God. Her maternity bestowed upon her that which after all is the completion of her love. Her love is perfect — her conformity is rendered eternal, and her co-operation with Jesus continual in that constant flow of her kindness to us — in that perpetual raising up of our wants to her Divine Son — in her faithful intercession for us all, consistent with her singular prerogative as the Mother of God, which, as chil dren of a common mother, every day and every night we are at liberty to claim for Mary. Even as Solomon, when his mother was announced, rose and bowed to her, and placed her on his right hand on the throne before all others — in like manner is Mary placed between the Heavenly Host and her son ; and when we think of her, we may lift our minds and thoughts to her. Then, beloved brethren, cease not in your affection to her. Mind not more than you do the winds that fly past you words which you may hear in disparagement of the most beautiful devotion that the worship of our divine Lord pays to her. Pray frequently in your necessities to her — in your wants, in your trials — personal or domestic — and be sure that she will attend to you. Be sure that the link which bound Him to her on earth, and con tinues to bind. Him to her in heaven, also binds us to her, and that in Jesus and Mary we have our only confidence, our only hope, and, in the end, eternal bliss. At the conclusion of the sermon the mass was proceeded with, and during its celebration the devo tional concentrated demeanour of the vast congre gation indicated hearts s overflowing with humility and love towards God. The benediction having been given, the cardinal, the bishops, members of the chapter, clergy generally, and acolytes left the sanctuary in procession and went to the sacristy. 