SCHLESWIG-HOLSTETy AND INDIA. TO THE EDITOB 01? THS SEGI3XSE. gjj, ? Mr. isathurst, m ais answer, nas paid me the compliment of quoting at full length the principal paragraphs of my latter, forget ting that the public, although they have a cor morant a appetite tor new matter ana new discussions, aro rather squeamish about repe titious. Mr. Bathurst professes a desirs to confine himself to facts, but a discussion as to matters of fact ought to have very narrow limits ; the best plan is to refer to some authority. I see no use in a fresh reiteration a3 to the date of ths Schleswig-Holstein war, and I .will there fore give the bsst authority within my reach., and if I add anything from personal knowledge it can be taken only for what it is worth. Mr. Bathurst says that he will not discuss the latent causes of tha Schleswig-Holstein war. But I never alluded to any latent causes : my latent was Bpelt witha'|j.' I wrote of the patent, open, plainly-to-be-saeH cause of this war. I wrote of it as the inevitable result of the rule of the Dane over the German ; and this plain matter-of-fact account will be amply borne out by the authorities I shall produce, and I can therefore safely disregard all the Eussian ghosts that I can neither get at nor understand. Mr. Bathurst says that Frederic VII. had no more to do with the war than I had ; that Christian VIII. was King, Count Baventlow, Minister for Foreign Affairs ; that the earliest events of the war accelerated the death of Christian ; that Frederic VII., whose constitu tionmongering (what a long word!) I stated to be the cause of the war was dallying with a dressmaker, with]whom he subsequently con tracted a mor?anati2 marriage: and, finally. Mr. Bathurst reiterates that tho war com menced practically in 1845, and the combatants began to fight in 1846. I make the following extracts from ' Home Life ia Germany,' by Charles Loring Brace, a very intelligent Ame rican' writer. Mr. Brace, after describing the issuing of the letters patent ia 1816, the German protests, the appeal to the Diet, the answer 'of the Diet, the issuing of an ex planatory patent letter,makesnse of these words ? — 'At this point in the year 1848 affairs were changed by the dea'h of the King, and by the accession to the throne of Frederic VII. The first effort of the King was to give that panacea for all evils— a Constitution to the kingdom.' 'The first open outbreak occurred on the 24th March, 1848, in Kiel, when, the news arrived of the formation of an ultra-Danish Ministry, A Provisional Government was- at once formed in Kiel, military enrolled, andtheDdchles pro claimed free and independent States.' 'In the following April hostilities were in full pro gress.' ' The great Powers hava taken a deep interest in this war, and perhaps, to their own surprise, Eng'and, France, and Eussia find themselves side by side in support of a consti- - tutional monarch contending with his own' Bubjects.' ' ' ' . . I now quote from 'Kelly's History of 1848 :' — ' Upon the death of Christian VIII. his son Frederic VU. succeeded to the throne, in January, 1848. His first act was to promul gate a Constitution. In thus renouncing his own absolute . prerogatives, Frederic VII. acted from his own spontaneous impulse ; his own States were, perfectly tranquil.' Jielly then goes on to describe the revocation of this Constitution, the formation of a ? Provisional Government, the occupation of Schleswig by the Danish troops under Frederic, and adds that the revolution would soon' have been put down bad the Prussian troop3 not crossed the frontiers, 1st April, 1848, and that Eussia idopted the Danish side fromthe first, and that under the pressure of England, Eussia, and Sweden, the first armistice was concluded at tfalmoe, on the 26th August, 1848. . Having given authorities, I will now add a Eaw comments from personal knowledge, on. the authority of which alone I wrote my first letter. For a few years preceding the Schles ivig-Holsteln war I was in the habit of spending part of the summer in Heligoland, and had a pretty good opportunity of knowing what was going on. During this time Christian VIII. used to pass the bathing season at Fohr, an island off the coast, and on the occasion of one of these visits I : attended his levee, and after wards had a private interview with him. I used to. hear it said that his days would be shortened by the agitation of the question of the succession to his dominions after the death of himself and his son, which might -be a very remote period ; but such a prediction one hears of every person who has any cause of grief . But I never after his death heard it stated as a fact that his end was really hastened by this excitement ; and it is certain that the agitation consequent on the letters patent had settled down,' and there was complete quiet in his dominions. On the other hand, I nave always heard that the death of Christian Tin. was hastened by his being bled with a rustj or dirty lancet. Count Baventlow might have been Minister for Foreign Affairs, but I can in my memory connect him with nothing but the Danish savins, that there are three sexes— the male, the female, and the Kaventiows. Frederic VII. might have been dallying with a dressmaker ; but I would observe that this is an immaterial issue. I remember, him leading his partner in a cotillon, through kitchen, scullery, and yard, and then back, followed by the entire 'corps de ballet' to the danciag room; but I was not before aware that the Countess Danner had a knowledge of such a useful art as dressmaking. Perhaps they contemplated ' something rotten in the State of Denmark,' compelling them to emi grate, when dressmaking would come in very opportunely. The two authorities I have quoted, unless -they are wrong, decide the question as to the date of the war, which I stated in my former letter from personal recol lection to be 1848 and 1849, and which Mr. Bathurat reiterates as 1845 and 1846. On this subject I would observe thacldo not under stand the difference between a war commencing and a war practically commencing, nor do I understand now this or any other war could practically commence one year and the parties begin to fight the next year. I can understand the difference when applied to a war between Monaco and Paraguay, because the combatants could scarcely get at one another earlier ; but here the hostile populations and armies were separated by no natural barrier. I, how ever, remember an Irish nurse whose charge was interfered with by a gentleman, now a judicial functionary in this colony, roaring out, 'Hold me, or I shall kill him ;' and perhaps bo me plan of this sort was adopted. As I also may be pardoned for preferring the testimony of my own eyes touching the date of the war, I will state that I saw the first Danish frigate that took part in this -war arrive off the Schleswig Holstein coast, in the North Sea ; and that I was the copyist of the despatch which gave the first information to the British Government of the commencement of the naval operations, which were simultaneous with those on land. I have also in my mind's eye, what I have fre quently had in my hands, a massive two handled gold cup, having 1818, 1849, 1851, being the years from the commencement to the conclusion of the war, embossed on it, and which, with the previous permission of his Sove reign, was presented to a British officer, not unknown in tliis province, by Frederic VII., for personal attentions to the officers employed by him in thi3 war. Thus much about the Schleswig-Holstein war. I will now notice the new facts brought for ward about India. Mr. Bathurst, in substance, states that the Governor-General is selected expressly for wisdom and integrity, is sworn to abide by the advice of his Council (amorg whom were such men as Babington Macaulay and Henry Fane) , and therefore could not fall back on men comparatively obscure. I wish the Governors-General were always selected for wisdom ; in Lord Auckland's case the re sult did not show it. Ttie Governor-General is not sworn to abide by the advice of his Council any mope than our own Governorin Chief. Both are sworn to their allegiance and to execute their offices to the best of their ability. An oath is a formal religious acknow ledgment of some moral obligation, and an oath of the nature supposed would ba insult ing to the personal dignity of a Governor, be sides depriving him of all freedom of ac tion. The Governor-General might be in structed to follow the advice of his Council, but mv impression is that, besides having a veto, he ha3 the power of acting in opposition to the votes of the entire Council ; but how ever that may be, the check of a Council 13 only imposed at Calcutta Directly the Governor-General travels he is despotic, and in this matter everything was done at Simla, so that even had he a Macaulay and a Fane for Councillors, thsy would only have been con sulted out of politeness ; but I believe that Lord Macaulay had left India before this time, and had even commenced dating his notes from Windsor Castle, for which he was so much laughed at. As to Cabinet responsibility, I may he sup posed to ba aware of it. These are not times when the ABC of Parliamentary Government requires explanation ; I of courss knew that Sir John Cam Hobhouse could not write a despatch without tho sanction of tha entire Cabinet ; perhaps, however, in placing Sir J, C. Hobhouse in such marked subordination tc the First Minkter, Mr. Bathurst points in s different direction from what he intended Lord Melbourne. wa.a wt so despotic, a chief: he was generally thoaght to be rather a man of pleasure, to ha looking more after what the caricaturists called his pet lambs than after despatches. 1 append a few confirmatory extracts from Kaye-'s ' History of the War ia Afghanistan,' a work of acknowledged ability and impar tiality, and which ha3 procured for its author a position in the bureau of the Court of Directors. Page 301. 'Unfortunately Lord Auckland was separated from his Council. He was on his way to that pleasant hill sanitarium, Simla, where our Governors- General, sur rounded by irresponsible advisers, settle the destinies of empires without the aid of their legitimate fellow-couucillors, and which has been the cradle of more political insanity than any place within the Hmit3 of Hindostan. Lord Auckland taking with him three civilians, all men of ability and repute, Mr. Macnaugh ten, Mr. Torrens, and Mr. John Colvin, turned his. back on Calcutta.' Pago 337. 'John Cokin and Henry Torrens remained at Simla as the scribes and coun cillors of the British Governor. To what ex tent their bolder speculations wrought upon the plastic mind of Lord Auckland it is pot easy with due historical accuracy to determine. Tho direct infiaenee mainly emanated from John Colvin.' Page 362 (note). 'The responsibility of the famous manifesto belongs to Lord Auckland, though some of his colleagues in the Govern ment afc home have declared themselves willing to share it with him. Sir J. C. Hobhouse told the Salaries Committee, in 1850, on the ques tion of the Affghan war, that he did it himself. But although Lord Palmerston and Sir J. C. Hobhouse saw the expediency of a movement on Afghanistan, they are 1 4 be regarded rather as accessories after than before the fact. Sir John Cam Hobhouse stated in the House of Commons (June 23, 1342) that Lord Auck land ' must not bear the blame of the mea sure ; it was the policy of the Government ; and hs might mention that the despatch which he wrote, stating his opinion of the course that ought to be taken in order to meet expected emergencies, ' and that written by Lord Auck land, informing him that the expedition had already been undertaken, crossed each other on the way.'' Page 36 k 'But it is stated in the manifesto that the war was undertaken with the concur rence of the Supreme Council of India ; but so certain is it that the manifesto waa not issued with the concurrence of the Supreme Council that, when the document was sent down to Calcutta' to take its place among the records, there issued from the Council Ciiamber a re spectful remonstrance against the consumma tion of a measure of such grave importance, without 'an opportunity being afforded to the Councillors of recording their opinions upon it. I may not further take up your space, or I could give many more extracts to throw light on all the questions mooted in this correspon dence, and I hope equally conclusively. I am, Sir, &c.;, J. HINDMAESH. 