NEW ZEALAND, AUCKLAND. WT. are In possession of Auokland papers to the 8th January, fromwhloh wo estraot the following ltoms¡-" Wa understand (says tho JVim Ztalander of January «till, that lils Exoollenoy will embark in atato on board H.M.8. Iris (Captain Loring. 0.11.) to.day at 8 p.m. from tho Wynyard Plor. The honorable the Attorney.Clenoral, we believe, will aooompany lila Exoollenoy in this long promised visit to the Ilay." Tho aame journal glvoa tho following report of tho running for the Auakland St. Logor, won by Gazello on tho 29th Dooomber last :-" Tho first Auckland St. togor was run on Ellersllo raoo. oourso, on Tuesday tho 29th instant, by tho following uarnod horses-ono milo heats: Mr. .I.S. Maofarlano's blaok filly, Gazelle 3 years. Ï Mr. J. Wllllamaon's bay colt. Slr Iloraulos, 3 years ? Mr. Thomas Paton's blaok filly, Blink Bonny. 3 years Beforo starting thoro was not any deoidod favourlto. Eaoh horse had his admirers and baokors; and hotting was,»von on each. In the Brat heat a moat adralrablo start was offoated, and all throo ran nook and neck for four-flfths of tho oourso, wbon Gazelle gradually drow a head, and carno In a winner by about two lengths : Sir Horoulon Booond, and Blink Bonny third. In the seoond heat, Slr Horoulos eurong oft" with tho load, and at the stand was throo longtbs ahoad of Blink Bonny, Gazellei bohlnd about a dozen longthB. For tho first half way round, 81r lloroulos soemnd bent on winning, after which Gazellei began gradual y to close upon Blink Bonny, pasaod lier, and then collared Slr llórenlos, and carno In (as in tho previous heat) a winner by a 0Tom°lho0SÄe'» 7?«y Herald of tho 12th Instant, wo learn that a third engagement took plano botwoon tho enntondiug parties or natives on tho tlth-ln which Moana Nula aldo wore tho challengers and victors, tholr foroo hoing on ibis occasion 170 against a party of 00 of Hnpuka's ndhuranta. Tho fight appears to liavo oommoiiood lato in lim day, and to havo boon interrupted bv a aally of tho main body of Hupuka's men and hy tho approach nf night. On Hnpuka's side thoro woro four killod and throo wounded t and thc loss of throo of this party nppoara to havo cnusod groat rogrot among tho settlors of tho Ahurlrl. Tuhara Hawalhlranul ls said to havo boon a ohlof or tho li ghost rank ¡ a moat liberal supporter ef tlie Roman Oathollo Mission at Pakowhal ¡ tho white man a greatoBt Mond ¡ a staunoli upholder of law and ordor : and a mont dilormluod advocate or Uapukna po)loy of land-selling Wntono mid Hlrlul. who with Whltii modo up tho four killed, wero also mon or Importance On Moona Nut B aldo, only ono person was killed a youth or tho Ngatlawu trlbo from Taranaki i eight othora aro onumoratod aa wounded. A renewal of hostili- ties wus hourly oxpoctod. Moana Nul and his porty liolng so muoli olatod with this auaaasa as to declaro tholr Intention of not resting till Hapuka la killod or driven Inland and Ilia pall burn lo tho ground. 