CORRESPONDENCE. [We are not responsible for the opinions and statements of our correspondents.] Sir, — I fully agree with your correspondent, ' Isidore,' whose letter you published in yesterday's Freeman, that zealous and practical lay members of the Church can render valuable service, in various ways, to the promotion of Catholio interests. There can be' no question but that laymen have effectually co-operated with the Bishops and Clergy, in every age of the Church, in temporal matters ; such as helping to open up new missions, to provide means for the support of the Clergy engaged on these missions, to aid the Ecclesiastical superiors in founding religious houses, schools, and colleges, and in many other things conducive to the welfare of religion. The object of ' Isidore,' and of others whose letters appeared in your columns, would seem to be directed to the same praiseworthy end. But there is something in the tone and temper of cer tain portions of these letters that would seem to imply an unmerited censure on the Ecclesiastical administration of the Archdiocese. This has been brought to my notice .by some sinaerc and intelligent Catholics ; and you have been charged with opening your columns to the publication of letters indirectly - reflecting on our venerable and indefatigable Arch bishop and his Clergy, while you must be aware that no priests or prelates devote their time and services with more untiring labors for the promo tion of religion than do his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney and the Clergy of the Archdiocese; Thus you are placed in a very unpleasant position by the publication of these letters, while the writers, being anonymous, escape all censure or reproof. It is true that anonymous lettters do good sometimes, by calling attention to some public wants, and pointing out remedies for the correction of abuses in civil or Ecclesiastical government; but, such letters often defeat their own object by the virulence of their style, or by the unfounded nature of their complaints. The instances noticed by 'Isidore' in which laymen co-operate with the clergy in Church matters, were invariably those when these laymen had the sanction and approval of their respective prelates in aiding them to advance the temporal interests of the Church. ^ 'Isidore' seems to have paid no attention to a former letter of mine, published some time back in your columns, which pointed out some misstate ments regarding the management of the Orphan School, the Sisters of Charity, the retirement of the Christian Brothers from this colony, &c.;, &c.; It is too bad that these things should be raked up again, as if the former mis-statements were un doubted matters of fact. I am well aware that several of the laity are very well disposed to co- operate with the Archbishop and Clergy in promoting Catholic interests in the Arch diocese; and I would respectfully beg to recommend to parties thus disposed to meet together and consi . der those points on which their co- operation would be useful ; and then submit some matured plan of operation to bis Grace the Archbishop, who would, I am convinced, give it his best consideration. This would be a step in the right direction, and would be more likely to succeed in its object than the pub ? lication of anonymous letters, no matter how well intended. In order that the laity may succeed in forwarding the interest of religion, it is indispen sablethat they should have the approbation and support of ' those whom the Holy Ghost has placed to rule the Church of God.' ?Wishing you and your correspondents evary „,„,„„ ;., .j_.nn:n/T *i. - :.,»..---*- .e -.i:6;on -.nJ« the guidance of our venerated Archbishop and his zealous clergy, — I remain, Sir, your obedient ser . vant, AN OLD COLONIST. Sydney, loth April, 1857. Sir — How trueuud beautiful ; and, oh ! how re viving, ib the note sounded on the rusted horn sus pended from the heavy portals of Catholicity in this country, by your hope-inspiring correspondent, 'Isidore.' Yes ; to lay organization we must look now a3 to the last resource for infusing new life and vigor into our Institutions — for resuscitating zeal in the mis sion, and for inflaming with pious emulation the hearts of our people. ?From ill-advised encroachments on the one hand, and supine acquiescence on the other, the laity have long been accustomed to be considered, and to coli ' sider themselves, as accessories to a pageant, rather than as component parts of a divine institution ; and hence, organization will be a work of difficult, if not of protracted accomplishment ; but, if it be, as it is uow generally admitted to be, necessary to the progress of our holy religion in this hemisphere, accomplished it assuredly will be. There is no want of material, if we can hut con oentvate it; for, at all' times, in all places, and throughout all ranks in the colony, are heard the most fervent aspirations for some effectual means of extrication from the alarming state of lethargy into which we have fallen. The only question is, by what process shall we aggregate these scattered evidences of life, so as to quicken the mass? However organization may be effected, it should be purely lay, so that its action may be consistent with its design — to influence and co-operate with the clerical element in the organization proper to itself, in the labour of love, which should be com mon to both— -the vigorous development in this country of Catholicity in all the beautiful symme try of its divine proportions. Taking Sydney as a central p-- int, there might be associations in membership and correspondence with it in each town and district of the colony ; so that' the necessities of our people might become known, and be ministered to with a faithfulness and promptness which might not inaptly be termed religious and social electricity. But, as I am much more anxious to know the plan of organization ' Isidore' would recommend, than to propound one of my own, I will not anti cipate him further. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant, POLYCARP. The following gentlemen, have been lately appointed to the Commission of the Peace — David Barker, Richmond River ; Henry Barnes, Richmond River ; William Richard Blackman, Mudgee ; Thomas Cullen, Singleton ; John Squire Farnell, Rydc; Charles Henry Humphries, Liverpool Plains ; Arthur Jeffreys, Canterbury j Charles Kemp, Sydney ; Thomas Layman, Stroud ; John Connell Laycock, Botany ; George Thomas Loder, Single ton ; Francis, Norman Lucas, M.D., Ipswich; Donald Norris M'Dugall, Texas, Severn River; Bruce M'Dugall, Ermington, Clarence River; Donald MacPherson, Stroud ; Thomas Nichols, Stroud ; William John Nunn, Brisbane Water ; Thomas Parnell, Namoi River ; James Portus, Morpeth ; James Rigney, Singleton ; Alfred Cayley Thomas, Dykehead, Gayndah; Henry Vindin, Maitland, Esquires. The residence of Mr. Gee, Crown-street, Surry Hills, has been burglariously entered at one of the windows, and a lady's workbox, containing a few nuggets, two brooches, some crochet-work, and sundries, abstracted. A fire broke out in Crown-street, Woolloo mooloo, on Friday morning last, originating in the foul state of the chimney. It was got under by the prompt nasintancj of the neighbours. 