is PVBAVPTTFAT0F PROTESTANT FA ANGELICAL CHURCHES The following correspondence, which has taken place on this subject, will be read with interest : To the Editor of the ADVERTISER. Sir You will oblige me, and many others, I believe if you can find room in an early number of your paper for the insertion of the following letters. They will explain themselves. I would only beg leave to say, that it is with anything but comfortable feelings that" I suffer to stand and to go before the public certain expression? in theletterstóinccomplimcntary to myself. Ttisthoughtbsat, however, that the documents should be given without any alteration or omission, and in the reasons assigned for this I feel compelled'to'acquiesce. I am, &c.; T BINNEY. Felixstow, October 22. 1853. No. r. THE REV. T. BINNEY TO THE RIGHT REVEREND THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. Felixstow, October 21,1358. Sty Lord Bishop-The letter which your lordship addressed to me " on the union of Protestant Evangelical Churches," with its accompanying note of the 4th instant, reached me on the evening of the month, the day on which you were to leave Adelaide " on a five weeks' tour." I felt myself in a difficulty to know what to do, either in the way of simply acknowledging the receipt of the document or of addressing to your lordship such remarks in reply as the study of it might suggest. I was at the time, and have been ever since quite unable to give it that, attention which its importance demanded at least so far as writing for your lordship's eye or with a view to publication, what might occur to mc 011 carefully weighing its principles and suggestions. I mention publication, because it appeared to me that there was internal evidence in your Lordship's letter that this was contemplated by yourself, and because I thought that" this was the only mode by which any practical result would be likely to issue from the discussion which you had initiated. Your Lordship's absence, the prospect of my soon having to leave the colony, and the circumstances in which I was placed by the pressure of engagements, all concurred in leading her to think that the most respectful course I could pursue would be to wait till I had leisure fully to enter into the subject of your letter; to send you my thoughts, and then to ask you to concur in a joint publication which might bring the whole matter before disuse whom it more: immediately concerned. I have been induced, however, to anticipate your Lordship's consent to such a course, by a series of circumstances, which I beg to be permitted to detail somewhat minutely, not doubt- ing out that you will become a willing " accessory after the fact to what I am about to do. On the evening of the 6th inst., the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock, in seconding a vote of thanks after a lecture which I had delivered on the Life of St. Paul, alluded, before crowded audience, much to my surprise?, to a matter which he knew of which he was not at liberty particularly to mention, but which was interesting in itself and might have important results or something to that effect, it was aware to what he referred, and thought he meant that your leg tor was about to be published. On enquiring of' him. however, it that were the case, I found that this was not his meaning, though I-was not mis- taken in concluding that he was acquainted with what your Lordship had written. So public an allusion to the subject, coupled with the fact that I had mentioned (and very natu- rally) to some of my friends that I had received from your Lordship a long letter on Christain Union, excited attention, stimulated curiosity, and led to conjectures and enquiries which found expression in the journals of the day. Your letter was directed to me at Government House, as I was then, on a visit of a few days to Sir Richard and Lady MacDonnell. Sir Richard expressed a wish to be favoured with a sight of it-a wish with which I felt your Lordship would yourself have reality complied, in sending it to him, which I did last week, I requested him to oblige me by jotting down anything that might occur to him on its per year, "for 1 t said, -we ecclesiastics, all of us, no matter to what denomination we may belong, are in the habit of looking at- certain subjects from a narrow stand-point, and in lights dimmed and darkened by our traditions. I should really like, therefore, if not as a matter of curiosity, to see how the questions raised by His Lordship shape themselves to the mind of a liberal and intelligent layman." On Monday morning last I was greatly surprised to find with: newspapers a public intimation that a memorial to your Lordship, headed by His ] Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, soliciting the opening of your pulpits, in my person, to ministers of other bodies, j was, in your absence, to be presented to the Dean and Chapter. I Calling upon Sir Richard that day, as I had arranged to do, is to receive back your manus -ript, I found that he had had an interview, previously to his seeing me, with the Dean and the Archdeacon. and had road to then my latter to i myself which he li and pinned on the perusal of your Lordship's. He then said that the two gentlemen referred to. Darke Farrall uni Arch loocan Wood soak, were alike of opinion that the publication of bath documents would be productive of good, and that they recommended! j such publication. I was so much engaged during the re- ! mainder of the day that I could not die as I wished to do, j on either the Irish or the Archdeacon, but the next morning I wrote and dispatched the following note : " Beaumont, October 19, 1863. Reverend and dear Sir-When I saw His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, yesterday, he intimated to me, as 1 1111 detested him, that the Paari and yourself had expressed a j wish for the publication of the Bishop's letter to me, and his. own. Unfortunately, his Lordship's absence prevents my applying to himself on the subject, as it has hitherto prevented my writing to him at all. From your having alluded, I however, publicly, to the existence of his letter, I think it likely that you are in possession of the Bishop's mind in relation to it. Both the letters are exceedingly interesting, and their publication, I cannot doubt, would do much good, but I could not publish what to me is as yet a private document. May I enquire whether you have authority to sanction the publication ? This letter seems to have been meant for publication ; have you power to give me liberty to print it? I am, dear Sir, " Yours, very respectfully, T. BINNEY. "To the Venerable Archdeacon "Woodcock." To this note I received the following reply : '. Parsonage, Christchurch, October 19. " Rev. and dear Sir In answer to the enquiry contained in your letter of this morning's date, I beg to say that I have no authority to sanction the publication of the Bishop's letter. I am, however, aware that his Lordship is quite prepared for its being mile public, although I have reason to believe that he did not originally contemplate such event. "Both the Dean and myself are still of opinion that its publication, together with that of the Governor's, would do good " I am, rev. and dear Sir, " Yours respectfully, " XV. J. WOODCOCK. " "The Rev. Thomas Binney." Yesterday in inviting (Wednesday), at the public breakfast which than took place I passed the Arch- bacon's note to Sir Richard MacDonnell, with the question "Could I act on this?" to which he wrote, in reply, "I should think so, and would recommend it." Such, my Lord, were the circumstances which, up to yesterday morning, transpired relative to the publication of your letter. The thought did not originate with me, though, when it was suggested by your friends, I endeavoured to ascertain how far I should be justified in acting upon it. I do not think, however, I should have ventured to act upon it, even though fortified by the opinions and recommendations of such high authority as those referred to, but for the consideration which I shall now state. At the public meeting yesterday morning, the proceedings of which have been very fully reported, such frequent allusions were made to your Lordship's sentiments, especially as contained in your letter to myself, that I think it becomes due to your Lordship that what you have really said should be seen. It may be supposed that you have gone further than you have, or meant to do, or than your words imply and the shortest way of ascertaining whether this be the case, and the most equitable towards your Lordship, is for those who are interested in the subject to have the means of judging for themselves. I am sure your Lordship will appreciate this motive, and would probably have been satisfied had I stated nothing else ; but so anxious am I not to do what might seem improper, that I have thought it right, and due to myself, to set forth, with something I fear of the lions minuteness, the various circumstances which have been operating for some days past. I regret that 1 enunot*append to your letter that thoughts which it has suggested to my own mind, and " the remarks which some points in" it seem to demand. I propose to give it my best attention, and to embody my reflections and views of the two letters in a small pamphlet, as soon as I can command the requisite leisure. In the meantime the public mind of South Australia is so interested in the subject, and so excited by recent occurrences, that I think it best not longer to withhold from it what so many are anxious to see ; the publication of which, like the writing of it-to use your Lordship's own words-" will not. I hope, widen if it does tend to bridge the gap that separates Christians ecclesiastically, though not, it is to be hoped, spiritually, nor for ever."' It may not be improper to say one or two things before I conclude, to avoid misconception with respect to myself. A very few words must suffice for the present. I beg. then, to assure your Lordship that while I highly admire the kind and Christian feeling that prompted your communication, and cordially sympathise in the desires and aspirations alter more visible union to which you have given utterance, I greatly fear that the " idea" you entertain and would seek to realize includes too much and not only too much, but that it has that in its elements which must be softened or lost sight of before it can find acceptance with others. It sometimes has the appearance, of the old attempts at "comprehension" by which the early nonconformist used to be solicited back again to the Episcopal Church at others it looks like a wish to form a church of the future" out of a fusion of the different bodies at present existing, all altering something, the result being a new order of things, in which, however, your ecclesiastical peculiarities shall pre- dominate. Xovv, without entering into the question as to the likelihood of this being the case (which, however, I think likely), supposing amalgamation and fusion to occur, J content myself with saying that it is premature to indulge in visions of the ultimate-.', before we have taken such steps as are possible to us-the only steps perhaps that may be possible for years to come. What we wxA first before anything else can be thought of or hoped-is, not the absorption by one Church by others-not the conformity of others to it, or the toleration by it of the peculiarities of others nor yet an attempt to constitute a platform of discipline or service in which all may give up a little (or much, perhaps, in some cases and unite. No ; it is not this First and foremost and alone must come the honest- and hearty recognition of each other, as churches and ministers (de facto only, if you like by the different Protestant Evangelical denominations, their members and clergy. Let surf recognition be shewn by the occasional interchange of pulpits and let this again be understood to involve nothing and imply nothing but their substantial oneness in faith, as holding in common the essential truths of the common salva- tion. The liberty thus to invite services would compel no one to invite it, or any to open their pulpits to parsons good men in their way-whom, for many reasons, it might be in- expedient to receive. Then again, the rendering of service, so far simply as preaching is concerned, should be held to imply nothing, on either side, beyond the oneness of faith just i referred to. Had your Lordship for instance invited me to preach in the pulpits of your Church, you ought to have been considered as committing yourself to nothing but to the recognition in me of a preacher of that Gospel which we hold in common, and of a minister of Christ according to the constitution of that portion of the Church to which I belong. It is obvious, also, that I could not have been required to receive any licence from your Lordship ; you would not have become my bishop, though you are one in your own communion, and I respect you as such. Those who would have needed your licence would have been your own clergy; and might have wanted your permission to act. In the same way, neither you nor they would have been so far compromised as justly to be regarded as giving your sanction to no- tions or customs among the Congregationalists of which you may disapprove, any more than I, by consenting to preach the Gospel to your flocks should have been justly supposed by that to profess anything thereto accept, for instance, that interpreta- tion of your offices' (I distinguish them from the liturgy), which involves sentiments which I do not hold ; which sentiments, if required to be held and professed, are, in my view, an adequate ground of nonconformity. No Church, either, whatever, should suppose that it confers a favour on the minister of another, by receiving him to its pulpits, but rather that it does what is proper and seemly for itself. When something of this sort is understood, and the first step taken in harmony with it, other things will follow. All other things and theories, however, must, I fear, be postponed until this be done. I believe it might be done by very many of the Protestant Churches in relation to each other came without compromise and without dishonour e, and that great and blessed results would soon follow from it. That your Lordship may have the happiness of harping on so desirable a consummation, and may thus realize that after which your spiritual nature seems to years and want, is the sincere prayer of, my Lord, Your friend and servant in our common faith T. BINNEY. No. II. THE RIGHT REVEREND THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO THE REV. T. BINNEY, "ON THE UNION OF PROTESTANT EVANGELICAL, CHURCHES." A ... T Bishop's Court, October 4, 1958. Dear sir I send you some thoughts which have occurred to me on a subject which has often occupied my mind, but more especially since I had the pleasure of forming your acquaintance. Such as they are, and expressed In the words pretty nearly. which came first came to hand, J lay them before you in the hope that they will not wide, of the-' do not bridge the gap that separates us ecclesiastically, though. I trust not spiritually, nor for ever. I remain. Reverend Sir, Yours faithfully, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Rev. T. Binney. PS-I leave Adelaide to-morrow morning on a five weeks'' tour, and fear that I shall not have an opportunity of bidding you farewell. as Bishop's Court, September 23 1858. 1\. Rev. Sir-During our social intercourse yesterday at the house of a common friend you were pleased to takenoticaof a remark which fell from me to this effect that we in this might discern through all its greatness somewhat of folly and meanness, of defect jud vice, in its habits and institutions. The survey would not be unprofitable if it should, lead us to perceive how we had been blinded by its attractions, so as to become unconscious of its faults and so hurried away by its feelings and associations as to be insensible of the conventional bondage in which we then lived and moved. 2\. It must, I think, be admitted that the clerical mind is peculiarly swayed by party principles and sectarian prejudices. Withdrawn very much from practical into contemplative life, and valuing abstract truth as the basis of all moral obligation and excellence, clergymen are too apt to exaggerate the importance of certain truths which they conscientiously hold, and to treat as essential principles of the doctrine of Christ matters of inferential or traditional authority. I do not suppose that Nonconformist ministers are exempt from this failing, though it may be fostered in the Establishment at borne by the alliance of Church and State. :!. Be this, however, as it may, both clergymen and ministers may look back with some: degree of regret that a mid-wall of partition should so have separated kindred souls ; pledged to the same cause, rejoicing in the same hope, and devoted to the same duty of preaching Christ and Him crucified to a dark and fa Hen world. By the very discomfort, however, of thus .- stand in? apart" we are three it rudely back upon the principles in which we have been brought up, and are. constrained to put the question to-our consciences, 'save you as sure of your ground as true to your convictions ? " Art'. your views so authoritatively scriptural as to put you exclusively in the right ?" And if, after careful review and earnest prayer, we still feel unable to quit the " old paths," yet does not this very enquiry disp isa us to plan a more liberal construction on the conduct of others, and to respect their equally stiff adherence to charcoal mentions couviatious? A candid mind will not fail to see that much is to be urged on the other side of the question and if with our present lights we had lived in the time of our fathers, we should not perhaps have been disposed to break up the fellowship of the Re- formed Evangelical Catholic Church for non-essential points, or narrow its communion on matters of Christian expediency rather than Christian obligation. 4\. I have thrown these remarks together by way of preface in order to show thaciursaof thought into which an Episcopate of 15 years in this colony his gradually hd me. You yourself have given a fresh impel us to wish reflections. Your "fame as a preacher had preceded you. I know that it you wool the welcomed by all who in your own special tastes action of the J Evangelical Church take an interest in religion, and by all in our own who are admirers of genius and piety, even though the echoes of your King's Weigh house sermon had not quite died away. Hundreds I knew would ask themselves, " Why should I not go and listen to the powerful preaching of Mr. Binney?''' And when they had heard you reason of righteous, ness, tiMiiparanc-, and judgment to come : of Christ, who He was an I want He did. how He died for our sins an i rose again for our justification, I felt assured that they would ask again, " Why is he not invited to prove iii to us in our churches ? What is theh'ii-ripr which prevents him and other ministers from joining with our clergy at the Lord's table, and inter I changing the ministry of the Word in their respective par j pits ? Was it any real difference with respect to the person, office, and work of the Redeemer, the power of the Spirit of God, or the lost condition of man without Christ and the Comforter?" 5\. I am truly glad that so eon3'ule.-abIe a p arson as yourself should by your presence in this colony have forced me to consider again the question. " Why I could not invite you to preach to our congregations e, to review my position, principles, beliefs, and prepossessions; more especially as the absence of sectarian prejudice on your part, and the presence of all that in social life can conciliate esteem and admiration, reduced the question to its simple ecclesiastical dimensions. 6\. Again and again the thought recurred to me, crisis in six u'hvt'H notes case! Still I felt that neither the power of your intellect, nor vigor of your reasoning, nor mighty eloquence, nor purity of life, nor suavity of manners, nor sound- ness in the faith, would justify me in departing from the rule of the Church of England : a tradition of is centuries which declares your orders irregular, your mission the offspring of division, and your Church system-I will not say schism - but dirhoitn.ii/.* 1\. But while adhering to this con -clusion, I am free to confess that my feelings kick against my jet Igmant and I am compelled to ask myself is this " standing apart" to continue for ever? Its division to pass from functional dise isa into the structural type of Church organization? Are the Lutheran and Reformer. the Presbytarian and Congregationalists, the Baptist and Wesley an bodies, to continue separate from the Episcopal communion so long as the wo.-lienlureth? Is there no possibility of accommodation, no hope of sympathy, n i yearning for union? Will no one even asks the question? None make the first move? Must we be content with that poor substitute for apostolic fellowship in the Gospel, "Let us agree to differ;" oran evana;¿lieii alliance which, transient and incomplete, betrays a sense of what without satisfying the craving? or are we reduced to the sad conclusion that as there can be no peace with R time so long as she obscures the truth in Jesus, and lords it over God's heritage, so there are no comma:! terms on which the Evangelical Protestant Churches can agree after eliminating errors and evils against which each has' felt itself constrained to protest ? Are not Churchmen, for example, at this d-av.justas ready as you. Reverend Sir, can be, to condemn the treatment of Baxter. Bunyan, and Defoe, by a High Church Government ? And do not Independents and Presbyterians readily allow that a Leighton or Ken relieve Episcopacy from the odium brought upon it by the severities of a Land or Sharp? 18 It appears to me in this colony we are placed in a piece i dearly favorable position for considering our Church relations, ¡ because one great rock of offence has been taken out of the way I made the connection between Church and State. We I can approach the matters in dispute simply as questions of j evangelical truth and Christian expediency. Neither social, nor civil, nor ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to distract our view or irritate our feelings. There is no Church-rates . ! conflict here! I have accordingly saUel the opportunity of ¡ laying before you in a few thoughts on the; p inability of an outward fellowship as well as inward union of the Evangelical Churches, with the hope that they may suggest enquiry if they lead to no immediate practical results. 9\. The questions I would propose for consideration are First. Whether an outward union, supposing no essential truth of the Gospel to be compromised, is desirable amongst - the Proinsoan!: Evangelical Churches? S .«con Hy. What are the principles and conditions on which such unions should be effected? I submit my ideas to you with great life James, but from the desire to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to consider how we might possibly sacre at one and. the same altar, walk by the same rule, as I passed from the same pulpits the words of this salvation. 10\. With regard to the first point, I conceive outward union to be desirable, because it appears to me to be scriptural and apostolic. That all the congregations of the Universal Church were subject under Christ to the twelve Apostles, and that the decree directed by the Holy Ghost, but frame 1 by James with Simon Peter, Paul, and Barnabas, and assented to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible body St. Paul's evident when he-bids the Corinthians give offence to neither Jews nor Gentiles, nor the Church of God and whatever be the figure under which the Holy Spirit of iracterize« the body of true believers in Christ, unity or organized life is the substratum of the idea; heir v his or olive-tree, family of household, city or kingdom, the body or spouse of Christ!, the thought is still the same. What, then, should we think of a family, whose several members inhabiting the same house kept Each to his own chamber, and though continually jostling- on the common stairs, rarely exchanged a friendly salute an 1 never a visit. of ; this family life ? i And is it true ( church life to say I am of Peter, and I of I Paul, and I of Luther, and t of Knox, and I of Wesley, and I of Whitfield and of the Fathers ? Are we not carnal and J speak as men? In the apostolic age there must have been outward union of the Churches, solar at least as the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacrament, the profession of a common erect, and preaching in common the Word of Life! The spirit of fliotrephes we may hope i was rare. I li. If the odium theologicum be indeed the worst type of that disease-, it might be expected that a real union of the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the i (i- wpel might arrest the progress of that malady. It is the effect of party feeling, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalry and contention. Th is christian sympathy, which is in ear I for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or a * ' j sect. On the other hand : 12\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place.-) the (« lapel of Christ before Jew and Gentile ; before Brahmins - and Mahommedan ? Xo subtle Pundit would then point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some and uncertainty in all. No Bossuet could enumerate, and perhaps exaggerate, the variations of Protestants, and, unmindful of the like in his own communion, claim for the Church of Rome the symbol of unity as the mark of its being the True Church. Bit now instead of lighting the Lord's battle as one great army, our resistance to the Powers of Evil is like the death-struggle of Inker - | mann a series of hand-to-hand combats, broken regiments ? lighting in detached parts??, never receding indead, bat incapable of combined effort or mutual support 13\. It may, however, he urged, on the other side, that the divisions of the Christian Church are helps to its vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stagnancy and corruption that rivalry promotes exer- tion, and exertion results in expansion. Yet has not the Bible Society attained its present strength by acting on the opposite principle? -Is it not because all Protestants can unite in furthering its object, truly catholic, and because catholic triumphant? ! li. The union I contemplate is not a yoke of subjection-an iron rule suppressive of individual or sectional thought, aspiration, energy, and action; far otherwise." If the great Apostle of the Gentiles would provoke his brethren after the flesh I to jealousy in order to save some-if he stirred up the Churches 1 of Macedonia by the forwardness of &chain;, and reciprocally I urged the A chain Churches to be ready with their contribu- tions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concerning ' tham certainly a lovingz;il striving for the misery is not to be ease but a name for the Cb. Lstian commonwealth. Unity is comparable with variety, and variety is pregnant of competition. God his cr ated but one vertebrate type of animal organisms ; but how infinitely d versified are the specific former! I know no reason why, in our reformed branch of the Catholic Church, there might not be particular congregations of the Wesleyan rule, or some other method of internal discipline, or usage, or form of worship, even as the Society of Ignatius Loyola, or Dominic or Francis exists in the bosom of the Roman obedience?. The seamless coat of the Redeemer was woven from the top throughout. The Roman soldiers said " Let us not read it!" Why should chronic disunion be the symbol of Evangelical Christianity ? I cannot call alliance union : nay. it is founded on Stereotyped separations. I pass to the second question : 2\. What are the principles an 1 conditions on which a union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected? 15\. It must be evident, I should suppose, after an experience of 300 years, that neither the Episcopalian, nor Presbyterian, nor Cingregitioin'.ist canreaso.iibly hips to force upon the Christian world his own particular system. is either one or the other entitled by the Word of God to exclude from salvation thou believers win do not follow the same rule of Church government? If, however, submission may not be demanded on the ground of its necessity to salvation, then any negotiation for outward union may and must proceed on grounds of what is best and wisest, most likely to unite, as being most in accordance with Scripture and apostolic tradition ? We must lay aside hard words schism, Church authority, sectarianism. in the comity of nations in?, fact Governments are recognised and treated with ; the question whether they are the jam: is left in abeyance So must it be with respect to any union of the Churches. - They must meet together like brethren who have been long estranged, yet retaining the strong affection of early youth; resolve to forget the subject of their dispute, and walk together in the house of God as friends. It will be unnecessary to ask " Which man did sin this man or his parents ?" or to say' " Thou wast altogether born in sin and dost thou teach us ?" or, " We forbade him, because he followeth not us." No; we must meat in the spirit of godly fear of mutual respect, with the earnest desire by all right concession to promote God's truth, and advance Christ's kingdom, we must receive one another, but not to doubtful disputations. 16\. A second principles, "Wherever we have attained, or shall attain that same rule must be publicly acknowledged, is that rule we must walk and by it steadfastly abide. I firmly believe with Mr. Maurice, in his " Kingdom Of Christ," that the Church of the apostolic age embraced every principle for which in later times each section of the Christian world has felt it necessary to contend, even to separation from the main body of the brethren. But th e Church of the apostolic age, the true visible model Church, does more. It har- monizes them ah ; giving to each its due place, its real proportion. Bitch portion of the truth, obscured, distorted, or denied In the mediaeval Church, each detail of the outward building of God, has been jealously rescued from corruption er decay by sects or individuals. It remains, perhaps, for this or the coming generation to restore the original fabric, and take away whatever is inappropriate, unsightly, or inconve Gal. v. 20, " seditious," literally is standing apart. ment But is the spirit as yet willing? Alas, I know ask. It is certain that the flesh is weak. ¡ 17\. Let me endeavor to state, as accurately as I can, what , seems to be the leading idea, the characteristic principle, of each section of the Christian Church : The Church of Rome, then, contends for external unity, I founded on one objective creed, in subjection to one visible I head of the Church on earth. ! The Lutheran for justification by faith, antecedent to and irrespective of works. The Reformed Calvanistic Church upholds the free and sovereign grace of God. I *; The Anglican witnesses for a scriptural creed, apostolic j orders and a settled liturgy. The Presbyterian asserts the authority of the Presbytery, as derived immediately from the Holy Ghost. the Congregationalist claims unlimited right of private ¡ judgment, and the independent authority of each congregation, as a perfect Church, over its own members. I 3 The Wesleyan preaches spiritual awakening, sensible con- . version, and social religious exercises. The Baptist contends for personal religious experience pre- i vious to admission to the Church. Every one of these principles is substantially, though not exclusively, true. When their mutual relations are forgotten, As each becomes exaggerated ; the beauty of proportion is lost, T and a faulty extreme is made the Shibboleth of schism. Is there no analytical process possible, no law of affinity, by which the spiritual mind could precipitate the error, and leave pure and limped the Gospel stream ? or remove from the much fine gold of the Temple the dross with which it is alloyed? Would there not still remain a scriptural truth, a godly discipline, a settled order, a common altar," a united ministry, a visible union as well as fellowship in the Spirit ? Might there not still be variety in unity, partial diversity of usage, and B regulate! latitude of divine worship? The Episcopalian, the Presbyterian, and Congregationalist might consent to harmonize what they cannot exclusively enforce ; they might surely an understanding be-. men," and exercise the great privilege of spiritual men- that is, combine freedom with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions. 18\. But it is time to draw these general remarks to a close, and denne with somewhat more of precision that Church of the future which is to conciliate all affections and unite all diversities. I scarcely know which to admire most, the pleasantness of the dream, or the fond imagination of the dreamer. Still, let me speak, though it be as a fooL" My object is not to dictate proceedings, but to suggest consideration -, to provoke enquiry, but not force conclusions. And since concession in matters not absolutely essential to salvation or positively enjoined must be the basis of the system adopted by the various Evangelical Churches, it may be fairly put to me in the language of the proverb Physician heal thyself." I will begin, then, with the Church of England, and will state what it appears to me can be given ? up for the sake of union, l. A State nominated Episcopate. 2\. Compulsory uniformity of Divine worship. Already the former has given place in Canada and New Zealand was an Episeopaterfreely elected by the Church itself. The latter it appears, even in England, is only required from the clergy in parish churches, but not when preaching in the fields, of streets and homes of the city. In addition, then, to the separation of Church and State in this colony, and the absence of the legal machinery connected with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the modes of worship seems attainable and an Episcopate, moderate in its pretensions as well as constitutional in its proceedings, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyters ; above all chosen by the free suffrages of the united clergy and laity. I believe the doctrinal articles of the Church of England and many others among the Thirty-Nine are allowed on all sides to be scriptural. I conceive, then, that a settled form of sound words, a deposit of objective faith, would not be deemed a yoke of bondage, but a guide to truth. Icouceive, also, in order that all might worship with the understanding as well as the spirit, that certain liturgical offices, such for instance as the Litany, might form part of the stated services, but not to the exclusion of extempore prayer in connection with the sermon at the discretion of the preacher. So also in the administration of the Sacraments and conferring Holy Orders, a portion of the office might be fixed and invariable and a portion left to ministering pastors. These points being settle the trial, nomination, institution, or designation of pastors, the dissolution of their connection with their flock or removal, their mode of payment, the internal discipline of the congregation over their members and officers, are details which may well be left for after regula- tion ; if indeed there is really much or any injurious difference at present existing in these matters. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection must be largely- shed abroad before such a system as here spoken of can possibly be inaugurated. Even if thought feasible for the future, how can it be made to take retrospective effect ? How can we, who are de facto ministers, and think ourselves to be de jure so. besides being pledged to our respective systems, "throw ourselves out of the one to enter upon the r other? Let us search the Scriptures for guidance. The beloved disciple was instructed to write by the Holy Spirit to the seven angels of the seven Churches of Asia, and Titus was left by St. Paul in Crete to ordain elders in every city as be had appointed him. But besides these later exertions of apostolic authority, we find Barnabas and Saul separated by the Holy Ghost to a special mission through the laying on of hands and prayers of the prophets and teachers of the Church at Antioch, Simeon Niger, Lucius Cyrene, and Manama. v Assuming the existing ministers of the several denomina- tions to be recognised as di: june by their congregations, and defects as such by the Anglican Church, might not the Bishops of the latter, supposing the before-mentioned terms of union were agreed upon to take effect prospectively', give the right hand of fellowship to them, that they should go to their own flocks, and mission also as preachers to the Angli- can congregations, when invited by the pastors of the several Churches? If the licence of the Bishop can authorize even lay readers and preachers, how much more men like yourself, ) separated to the work of God, eloquent and mighty in the Scriptures ! Indeed, I do not feel sure that I should have I violated any ecclesiastical law in force in this diocese or province by inviting you to give a word of exhortation to each of our congregations j In this way, then, of mission without compromise, but on declared assent to certain fixed principles and truths, existing Ministers might co-operate with us in the preaching of the Gospel, and under the benign influence of this brotherly love a Reformed Catholic Church might grow up, and, like the rod of Aaron, swallow up our sectarian differences. 20\. I have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, which has been suggested (like conditional baptism where irregularity in the administration may be suspected), because it savours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agree- able to Christian simplicity and due reverence for God's Ordinances. Neither have I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Wesleyan Superintendents and Presbyterian Moderators, or those who, like yourself, seem sealed alike by nature and the Spirit to be special overseers in the Church of God. Missions, as preachers to our congregations, without imposing the obligations incident to the incumbents and curates of Churches, but not until full evidence had been given before licence of soundness in the faith, would seem to meet the exigencies of the case so far as regards the present generation of ministers who have received Presbyterian orders. " ¡ Having attained to this step, perhaps God would reveal to i was a more excellent way, Old systems have, in fact, been found wanting. Which of the Churches now existing is so j perfect, so scriptural, so apostolic, as to insure instant acqui- ! scenes from the enquirer to the exclusion and condemnation of of all others. If there be none will all the learning and eloquence and traditional authority devoted to the support of each, persuade the present or future generations to substitute another for that in which they have been brought up? A few may, perhaps, be convinced" or converted, but the masses never. Afresh combination must therefore he sought; traditional prejudices must be set aside; cherished associations laid upon the altar of love to rise like angel messengers, in the flame of sacrifice, to purer and loftier spirituality ! Oh, for that millennial reign of peace when a Chalmers or a Cumming, a Binney or a Watson, might serve at one altar and spread from one pulpit with the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England : It is the cause of God and Christ, of truth and holiness, and righteousness and peace, of faith and duty, of grace and salvation, of man delivered and Satan Sound, of God alone exalted on that day, and reigning on Mount Sion gloriously. Then might the fulness of the Gen- times come in, then 'Israel be restored, then Habvlon over- thrown, and that regenerated state of this fallen world be made manifest for which Jehovah reserved the last great display of His providential love the union in the Godman of the Manhood with Himself. I remain, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bishop's Court, September 23, css. No. III. MR J. G. MACIIONXKIX TO THE REV. T. TRASEY. " Glenelg, October 16. 1955. 94 My dear Sir- 1. I herewith return the Bishop's letter of the 22nd Ult, on the union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches. I have long felt deep interest in this subject, and as a more than usually healthy feeling in connection there- with seems to prevail here at present, I am well pleased that it has been thus prominently brought forward by the Bishop. Moreover, whilst the moment for this step seems well chosen, tile truly catholic spirit in which the subject is treated by His Lordship is, in my judgment, matter of congratulation to us all. t "2. As, however, you have asked what I think of the tug- i stations in His Lordship's letter, I shall give you my opinion, not only in such imperfect manner as the little time at my I disposal permits. a ! "3. I have no doubt we both admire the eloquent and forcible manner in which His Lordship dwells on the nu- j merous fundamental principles of agreement in doctrine between the various Protestant Evangelical sections of the Church of Christ, We must both also deplore with His ¡ Lordship the great injury sustained by that Church in the inherent and inevitable weakness engendered therein by the absence of any systematized and united action available for the expansion of its limits, and the diffusion of the : really vital principles of faith and doctrine common to all its sections. i "4. Nevertheless, I do not find that the Bishop, when he treats of the principles and conditions on which a union of a true Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected" either professes to devise a remedy in presents' for that deficiency, or speaks hopefully of accomplishing such union ] hereafter. His suggestions seem to me aimed too high in pointing to a ' Church for the future, which is to conciliate skin affections and unite all diversities.' Nevertheless, the willingness of the Bishop-as representing the Anglican Church j here-to recognise for certain mission purposes the ' de facto' j ministers of evangelical congregations-to give up a State Episcopacy-to modify the compulsory uniformity of divine ' worship and to omit portions of the offices for the administration of sacraments and conferring of holy orders evinces the tolerance of an enlightened Christian and breathes a spirit, in which if we were all to meet one another there would soon be but one section of the Reformed Church of Christ. 5 Looking, however, to the practical expediency of his suggestions, and having regard to human nature as it is, I do not see even here, where the ground is comparatively cleared for the erection of such a structure by the abolition of all State aid - that there is much immediate prospect of establishing a general Protestant Church holding by one set of articles, however few, or by any fixed form of liturgy, however curtailed especially if its bishops be not elected by all denominations, placed for that purpose on terms of equality. " 6. I admit that such a Church, with its affairs admins \- tered by bishops or overseers elected by the general body of the Church (which, however, does not appear to be altogether his Lordship's meaning.) and with its bishops, aided by representatives of the whole Church assembled in Synod, would be a Church well adapted to the spiritual wants of mankind, and eminently Apostolical in its constitution. Vet, although, an the Bishop truly says, we might thus exercise the great privilege of spiritual men-that is, combine freedom with Submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions the main difficulty would still exist, and the real question would only 14 begged, not solved for there would still be a law-a rule, in which, as the Bishop says we should walk, and by it steadfastly abide.' Now, whatever be the rule, it would be difficult to induce the various Protestant sections of Christ's Church simultaneously to adopt it, or afterwards abide by it, Men had, in the first century, the teaching of Christ himself; they had the Apostles for their ministers and bishops : they had the recent evidence of Christ's miracles, and yet schism even then arose. It would do so again, even if a United Protestant Church were for a space to gather within its fold all the evangelical denominations of the Reformed Church in this province, and in Great Britain also. " 7. We may be, however indeed it is our belief and hope that such a consummation will yet be witnessed in the ful- ness of time; but meanwhile I sincerely hope that what the Bishop himself calls the pleasantness of this dreams will not divert us from more immediate and practicable exertions, which, without disturbing the existing internal organization Of the various sections of the Reformed Church, may yet eliminate, if they do not find ready to our hand some, u not all, the elements for united action when pursuing the main objects of all Christian Protestant action, viz., the diffusion and application of the broad vital doctrines of the Protestant faith. " And here I do not see why we might not at least prepare for such united action, without waiting to break and fh arise all varieties of Protestant worship and organization for the purpose of recasting them in a uniform shape from one mould.. For my part, though I much prefer the forms of my own Church, I do not object to the organization or practice of the Baptists, the Independents, the Wesley any, or many other denominations of Protestant Christians. It might perhaps be better if they were glad to form one denomination ; but I have doubts on that point; whilst it would rome nearly Canon met the Province of Canterbury, A.D. 1603-4, requires conformity as a sine qua non to preaching in the parish churches of England. " I do not know that it is bind- ing in ootonialdiaecae«. It shows that persons were licensed to preach who were not disposed to take upon themselves all the obligations of the parish priest under the Establishment to the same thing, if we could but fully regard one another truly as brethren and if we felt bound to aid one another in all that might develope the pure principles of our common faith, whilst we illustrated them in our practice by works of mutual charity and help. "9. I would, therefore, suggest that we should test-the sincerity of our mutual advances either towards union or alliance, by at once? commencing a more intimate and brotherly inter- course with one another in our schools, our pulpits, and our missions and that we should thus prepare the way for such a further mutual understanding as may, with God's blessing, fit us hereafter to discuss the question of fusing into one denomination all the various evangelical sections of Christ's Reformed Church. "10 I would ask, are we to have for ever merely a community of faith and not a community of labour in all good works ; a brotherhood of doctrine, but not of action? If the Bible be the foundation of our faith, why should any intelligent, pure minded, and approved Protestant expounder of that Bible be excluded by an ecclesiastical rule or tradition from preaching the doctrines of any Church in one of its places of worship, if invited to do so by the special minister of the building is such a union of Christians impossible in carrying on Christian duties? Whenever such interchange of pulpits is permitted, under no restrictions but those which are desirable to ensure fitness of education and character, as well as sound- ness of doctrine and I trust a high standard in all those respects will ever be maintained, it will be time enough to meditate on a still more general fusion, in approved ecclesiastical form, of the Protestantism of this and other lands. " 11. I do not, however, perceive that the Bishop suggests an immediate step in this direction, although His Lordship thinks he might have invited you to exhort the Church of England congregations here .' without violating any costes astical law in force in this diocese or province.' I am only surprised that he did not use this power, when he gives so many reasons why it might have been wisely and usefully exerted in your favor. Those reasons, however, are so well stated by the Bishop, that he cannot long resist the conclusion to which they point. Indeed, I consider it fortunate on the whole that you did not arrive here till! men's minds, having become reconciled to the abolition of State aid to religion, had begun to feel the necessity and probable advantage of a very different and, viz., that which might be derived from greater unity of action amongst themselves. It is no small sign of progress that the Bishop should have stated the case so forcibly, even though he has not yet availed himself of his own argument. as to. I also think it fm-funatetliat neither in public opinion, norperhap3inhisown, is any clergyman of the Anglican Church in this province regarded as more powerful or truth- ful in expounding the faith held by that Church than yourself. It makes the river all the more remarkable that a large portion of this community, as belonging to the Anglican Church, should agree in your doctrines and be anxious to benefit by your teaching, and yet be deprived of the opportunity of nearing you in any pulpit of their Church, simply because you hold an licence from their Bishop,' and are not officially therefore regarded in this diocese, as' a 'de jure' minister of the Gospel, the preacíiingandiHusf ration of which form nevertheless at once the labor and glory of you life. "13. I rejoice, therefore, that your visit has made people, ponder on such a pernicious would almost say, unchris- | tian distinction of man's device without a spiritual difference. I sincerely hope the application of such a rule to yourself may produce results useful to IL? all, and end in throwing open God's work to all who may be worthy of the labor.. li. It is, I hope, unnecessary that I should here guard against the possibility of being supposed to imply that the occasional interchange of pulpits which 1 advocate should be allowed to prejudice the usages or internal discipline of any denomination. Thus, if a Wesleyan Minister were to exchange services for a day with our Dean, he could not expect to conduct the service at Trinity Church us he would at Pirie street Chapel ; nor could the Dean conduct the service at Pirie-street Chapel otherwise than according to the usage of the congregation there. Therefore, I do not contemplate any such interchange of pulpits as possible, except where there might be a previously existing common belief in the great and vital truths of the Protestant faith, and a comparative indifference to the details of ritual-service and discipline in use amongst the various congregations of that faith. " 15. I would add that, whilst this first step seems to dis- turb no Church organization now existing, my own feelings convince me that an advance in this direction" must be far more agreeable to many thousand others, than an attempt to form a common Church by the sacrifice of services and customs to which I and they are personally attached. More especially would I protest against a sacrifice of the greater portion of the Liturgy, as suggested by the Bishop. I have reverently listened to my childhood to those prayers and words of solemn beauty. They have often been the" consola- tion of my manhood. They are fraught to row with a thousand hallowed memories and aspirations and I would fain hope they will be amongst the latest sounds which may soothe my ear. With such feelings I not merely protest against such a concession to the prejudice of others ; but my own reluctance to concede this teaches me to deal gently with all who may refuse similar concessions to my prejudices. " 16. I therefore own that I am not much troubled at present to give a theoretical uniformity of outward structure to the Reformed Church. I would rather look to the foundation before roofing the Temple. The details of discipline and prac- tice-if there be no wilful or marked violation of any scriptural command, or leading truth necessary to our spiritual welfare, may he left safely to the various congregations who are most affected by them. Such things need not, and ought not to be any harm the most unreserved spiritual intercourse and community of labor amongst Christians of Christ's Church. " IT. My life has been hitherto so much more one of action than of theorising that, hoping to be more useful by practically doing something to effect what I recommend than by writing about it, immediately on reading the Bishop's letter, which I did not peruse till this day, I took the first step towards realizing ray suggestion. As a communicant of the Anglican Church 1 have signed a memorial to the Bishop requesting His Lordship to invite you to preach at one of our churches. It is clear that some one must take this first step, and that the objections thereto are no more forcible now than they would be if I were to defer that step for years. The right hand of fellowship, moreover, ought, in my" opinion, to be offered first hythe Anglican Church, as that which has hitherto been the most exclusive and exacting in such matters. I have, however, taken care that the memorial should express the conviction of those signing it that they are thereby assisting to develop His Lordship's own views-a point which it is difficult to doubt after perusing his very interesting and eloquent letter. " I know not how far these views, which are entirely my own, and as yet communicated to none but yourself, may coincide with your own opinions. I am, however, certain that if you think you can usefully exert yourself in removing prejudices which narrow the sphere of usefulness of Christ's ministers you will not fail to do so. "19. To assist in establishing a greater unity of action amongst the ministers and congregations of the various sections of the Reformed Church would be indeed a noble vocation. I earnestly desire that your exertions in that respect here, where the field is more open than elsewhere, may yet produce results to which you will gladly recur here- after as amongst the happiest mementos of your" trip to Aus tralia. "Believe me to be, my dear Sir, " Most sincerely yours. RICHARD GRAVES MACDONNELL." No II Tiirnn OVSON KLSSELT lorries a niwEV ! St John s Parsonage, Adelaide October 21 lSas Rev and deal Mr-JTorgiv e the liberty I take in troubling you with a few lines in reference to the most important port of your speech of yesterday I felt thankful that in refer nee to a subject surrounded with difficulties you were en Well to speak I tell calm -in a wise word On the part of man who listened to you, there would have been a great dr ad of any amalgamation of chin clear there would be in our own Church the, strongest feeling against any tampering w stir the Priv- er Book there would li ii e ensued a confusion which could have ended in nothing short of devolution from any general attempt to accommodate our eccK-nstical poll is to that of other things communities Let me explain I my own position Not born and bred in the Church of England not fettered by any early prejudices on the subject but, having heartily embraced the doctrine and order of the Church of England, s soon as I MI old enough to think and care seen such a subject of me that I should yet have strongly alum ulm UieabovtappiehouMOns W hen a in in born in the midst of Scotch Pi by terrorists thrown during early youth i its close association with the adherents of English t congregation item and brought in various ways-, into friendly convict with men of the wil st variety of VKVv in reference to theology and teaches istical polity-when a man who his had a history of this kind embraces the ( hush of 1 England sy "tem It does it with his whole heart Its distinctive preach inties he cannot be u to part with for they are among the things which attracts i j in-, love lheehince1-a e that if he be a man of ordinary generosity of mind he will be able to think of the rates of other communion? in a spirit at once more intelligent and I just with a fuller understanding both in the strength and I weaknesses their position than if h had been framed in the | midst of Church of England traditions but the very fact that he has on unworldly principles lies in his place in the the Church of England would lead one to rep at time he will embrace all her pictures cities (it I may as pressing it with that sort of a one mile less to nee and depth of the intent with which a man falls in The forth first and last time in his life. I was thankful therefore been! < \\.prt>sion to heal you distinctly declaration own feeling that any mutual recognition of Pi testant Church - would be one in which the respective policy and constitution of the haul Churches would be preserved in their integrity Will you then, suffer me to point out what they opinion must not be attempted in order to the desired recognition J It HE ems to me that you're keep clear of the two points around which most of tneioutiov«!^ es of < hiiKiendonhave been found to turn 1 "V that constitutes hincks for the position of a member of the church's 2 IA In' constitutes timeS to minister in the congregation g 1 The Anglican indCungrtgitiouih-t throats of Church membership are not only in fact width different, but essentially irr reconcileable. Mr Stow man address before the Melbourne Conference in 18 has CMiluitlv declared that he says - Our principle of a mission to the Cunnii is peisonalpiet} sowed and evidence as to the satisfaction of the Church there are other Churches containing vast numbers of truly pious persons but that they should be such is not the condition of admission A certificate then from such a ( lim di is not a cerificate of spiritual character it is simply a to the site of my nber ship It is not then a certificate which meets our rule Here, then is a preliminary difficulty with respect to future- for communion and terms of communion which when adequately discussed I must raise very important questions on which different indi- I v ideals and Churches will of n e at very different conclusions and the preliminary discussion of which would be excee 1 j ingly likely to set us permanently by tutors I mi on the contrary, to the habit of speaking of rupt tea is ve. day and truly membership of the Church and of protesting against the bad life of some of our Scot is on that express ground i Vic- may discuss for ever will it constitutes men bership an 1 I what should lawfully admit to full communion without arriving at a common point of agreement I am strongly of opinion then that you you must not make a common communion at the same table of the Lord beautiful and desirable as the flea is a condition of the Christian union to be attempted It is not only however that there is difficulty as to terms of communion Iljeie no difficulties as to the officiating persons it may appear to some an e is to ing but it is that it, that even in our own Church all ministers are not allowed to administer the "* luminaries of the Lord s Supper a duly ordained a minister if only in the order of a deacon, may preach, in cannot minister the Holy Communion If, then even a minister of our Church may not until lit li is attained 1 to the position of a Presbyter it is quite hopeless to expect the adherents to our system to consent to any arrange ment by which ministers of other Churches may perform in act for which certain of our own ministers are excel ided you who do not propose to amalgamate Chut relief would not attempt to force us from a position which we hivedehber lately taken, and which belongs properly and logic ally to the constitution of the Church, of the rd active position in it of bishop, priest, or deacon I ask 102 then not to aim at the name of Christian union it was it will render the likelihood of any visible union among the Protestant Churches more remote than ever That union must clearly respect all that is essential to the integrity of our policy Now, actor ling to that policy there are within our church three orders of ministers to whom, are spective peculiar f factions are assigned In so far as certain of these functions are lest acted to the several orders they must prove undoubtedly however, unavoidably obstacles to visible union obstacles however not arising out of liberality of sentiment but out of the nee critics of our Church life But on the other hand is there any function of the Christian ministry c mm rv to all these orders mc! exercised by the ministers of other Protestant Churches * I think there is ONE It is in some sense the greatest, the most responsible, and the most influential of all that which most stirs the heart to great actions, arouses the soul out of sensual slumbers and arms the spirit of man for the battle of life and in the exercise of which the minister of God finds the freest scope for all her faculties It is the preaching" of the Word of God in the Church of Rome even there were pi teaching orders with theirpeculur discipline, and not restricted to the general rule of the Church for one would not be without hope that the general Church of England might be led to adopt a system by which the liturgy bran"- left untouched and the ecclesiastical polity being left watched the great body of preachers in all Protestant finn dies might at least be empowered to exercise their gift for the year it union of all in order to the adoption of such a system however, there must necessarily be a doctrinal basis but it should be one containing as lew dogmatical statements as possible and limited to the great central facts of Christianity I should be content with these threats he Bible, the Rule of i art h the Trinity in Unity, the Incarnation and Sacrifice of Jesus Christ our Lord Allow me, however to say most unequivocally that after careful enquiry, I am satisfied that the law set our Church would not at present admit of the preaching many of our churches, of any minister but a Bishop Puget, Cr Deacon in our understanding of these words. I am sure we ought not to break existing laws. If they appear to need alteration, the alteration must be attempted in a constitutional manner. Now live, in these colonies, happily enjoy the normal action of the Church. There are Diocesan Synods; there must ere long, be a Provincial Synod. The change can be arrived at only in this way 1st Until a Provincial Synod exists, by declara- tory resolutions in the several Diocesan Synods, which would declare the mind of the Church on the question. 2nd. By ecclesiastical legislation on the basis of such resolutions, so soon as there is a Provincial Synod. There can be no question that it must add greatly to the strength and dignity of every Church, to be able from time to time to call into action the services of the great apologists of ¡ Christianity, wherever they may be found ; provided all reason i able securities have been taken for soundness in the old Catholic faith of Scripture and the Primitive Church. ; in this hasty letter, I have' endeavored to fix upon the i one function of the Christian ministry, in the exercise of which I see the only hope of successfully aiming at visible ; union. I do not see that the question of liturgical forms ! need embarrass the inquiry. Public preaching, apart from public devotion, ought not to be a new thing to a Church in which the memory of Latimer and Paul's Cross are still revered. Begging you to accept this letter in the spirit in which it is intended. I am, Rev. and dear Sir, Your faithful servant, ALEX. Ii. RUSSELL, Minister of St. John's, and Rural Dean. PS. You may make what use of this letter, either here or in England, you may think desirable. 