I PREACHING AT THE SURREY GARDENS. Things »re not now in the Surrey Gardens as they were in their prime, though theohange is, perhaps,more apparent than real. There is still a remnant of the familiar beasts and the moulting birds, tho odd fish, the subtle and unpleasant serpents, the mangy dogs, and the intellectual beavers. There ia still the pensive money changer, that used to brood in his broken box, and mourn over the folly of the world that went boedless on its townward way. The Surrey Arcadia not in its prime 1 We must unsay that word. Sail forth from the retiring room, O autocratic Jullion-mount with stateliest step the throne nf music-strike thy most magnificent tap command that monstrous orchestra-and quell that shilling world into listening silence I Hark to that glo- rious drinking song, charged and clashed to the reoord of harmonious metal. But, after all, this is seonlar, woek day entertainment. Can nothing be invented to enliven that proverbially dull day, an English Sunday ? Sholl religion die for want of hilarity? Life is Bhort and art is long-too long-too diffident. At last, there is an opening in the throng. Thank you, sir. Name 1 if we aro not impertinent-The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, evi- dently boy-like, and over-bashful. . . . Wu ' have forgotten tickets; perhaps they will take money at the doors. But we had better take a bill. This is the Rev. Dr. Fletcher's portrait " of the youthful herald of the Cross, or young Timothy." And here is " The Light of Genius," price ld., where '* we hail a new light,, a comet of mercy, sent forth with a blazing power to con- sumo sin and burn up all stubble." What is a comet of meroy? Is he like Whitfield, thnt Methodist . Demosthenes, rather prone to weep than to laugh, fonder ruttier of winning a tear than courting a ' grin-that just man who refused houses, and land», nnd gifts for bimsolf-who would not have a gigantio ohuroh \- built, as his American friends pressed him to do, saying; " be cared little for ceiled houses"-Whitfield, who often atole away from tho towns at night to shun the plaudits of the crowd-Whitfield, who mounted a table in Moor- field», and preaohed amid tho hubbub of mountebanks and the wild Whitsun jargon, and in spite of eggs and heg-wasb, till at last, awed by his earnestness, the motley company began to listen-who attacked vice hand to hand-WIIOBO images were taken from dangling gibbets on Kennington or Blackheath-whoie choiaest audience wai one of colliers at Kingswood or needlewomen in Clerk on well? We approach the oheerful hall-tickets! tioketsl is money taken at a roligious gate? Yes, happily for us; reprobates are admitted for a shilling. We asoend into Mr. Spurgoon's domain. Tho hall is half full. In tho body, migrated from Park-street, is a well-packed brigade of the chosen, who sit under Mr. Spurgeon permanently, and oan be depended on-a substantial dense mass of hats and bonnets, with hore and there a little ohild's §rctty face peering up wistfully towards the platform, ee, the elect five sidlings aro beginning to roll, nnd turn, and spin, and deposit themselves merrily into the orches- tral spaces. What a bright and shining pile!-all good silver currency, multiplying now by dozens and twenties, and soon by hundreds. And those arith- metical men pacing up and down and around tho gal- leries, and anon pausing with unquiet eye Are they tho oountern or oheok-takers ? Havo they shares in tho undertaking? Shillings and half-crowns and ' crowns ' still flowing in round tho pulpit of the wonderful man. And yet, in theso perturbed ourrenoy times, ara those veritable shillings and orowns, or do they only represent and are not what they seem ? " It is humiliating to think," Mr. Spurgeon is reported tn lmvei said, " how little is oolleoted at tho doors, only £10 Inst Sunday. Tho balance in tho banker's hands is only £3000, and the sum required for a sufficiently large ohuroh, whore I shall bo glad "to wolcome any bishops, ls £35,000." Very humiliating, indeed, Mr. Spurgeon ; and, with a thousand conversions a year, and after eight sermons a week, very hard. We look round onco more : -hats stilt ou, tho hall still filling. Wham are tho work-peoplo- tho toiling, working poor of the town-the old men never young, and the children always old-the peaked nnd lean, and hungry faoos-tho shambling ligures of mon and women, ragged and draggled, that half-run,, half-limp, from the squalid oourts and flooded ground-floors where " the town's blood sleeps corruptly ?" We do not find these in the Surrey Hall Smug faoes and well- shaven faces, and fnoes round, -and fat, and stnirklug oro here-the self-same faces, smiling from the selfsame places as tho audienco of yesternight's oomio songs and brass band. Hore and there, in tho galleries, aro a few literary or religious evidences. Newspapers are being read, huge books pored over, and papers thnt look like tracts oonnod. A rush and trampling of foet , ot the doors, , and tho unpaying world is let in-up thu stono gollerios, into tho contri», doubling nnd turning, fast and surirtug, tho human tide sweeps in. A hush ngnin. The Bible, olaspod nnd aureate, is borne aloft, and laid on the big pulpit oushion. To it we uncover tho many still hatted. Now, simultaneously with tho Bible, and fronting the assembly, a huge placard is affixed: "Spurgeon Bazaar, D.V. llofreshment-room-Laoture every day," At last, slowly.breasting tho throng, tho back of a solid figuro is «eon in tho dlstanoe, nnd, byand-by, its front and orb-lllco face, OB per photograph, is displayed from tho pulpit. Tho orb ia eolipsed by one band, hut only for a second-and ro-appears full of jollily-a brief and hilarious prayer, apparently. And now our (Imo is come-an exceedingly repróbalo nnd reluctantly contributing aongregatlon, "Let us Unite in supplication"-that is the phrase. Mr. Spurgeon generally prays standing-hallooing out towards the colling In a truoulent and malediotory wny. The irrele- vant information whioh he conveys to the Almighty or the State, if it were not profane, would ho pimply tedious. In tho prayer wo henrd, wns a petition for ref.irm, and that Parliament might be una hird not tn talk hut to do something. ; This is followed by n hymn -or, ns tho preacher terms it, "a snared shout of joy the tune a favourite .one.", A.verse of a hymn aunp sittluR-another sorap of supplication-nnd " another Biored about of j >y.H The loBt Btnnza of thia ".boat" those who feel ere energttieelly requested 4« sturt in their song- patriotic it certainly is " Th* Brltlib leland* wu tb* Vor/T», There Abraham'* Ood ia koowa, " Upon the word Britiah a atroné;, rough, almoit nautical emphasis wa« laid. What we have described oecupiec aa hour. Mr. Spurgeon'« sermons are a series of wfndj combats with Apollyon, from wbioh that personagi always slinks oft howling, and Mr. Spurgeoi invariably^ Btalks forth the exaltant victor. Ir ono of his sermons the devil is représentée as troubling a man witb bis sins-" You rascal you ; don't come troubling me," is the reply "did I not transfer your business to Jesus Christ bad debts and all? What business have you to brinj them up to me-I laid all on Christ Go and tell rn: master;- don't come troubling me." . . . Thi amount of contempt and jesting expended at the Surni Hall on the foul fiend is dismal in the extreme. Mr. C H. Spurgeon revels in a vulgar Pandemonium amie blood, and smoke, and daggers, nod knives, ant writhing, howling agents nf bale and malison. Sight o that pure ether above the " smoke and stir of that dire spot whioh we call earth," cannot be had for the lurid clouds of subterranean smoke belched forth from thc Spargeonio inferno. His angels, and archangels, too are not beings excelling in celestial strength, discharg. ing lofty or lowly behests, posting along the swift winds gliding down tbe sunny stairs, treading tho starry pave- ment, or descending terrible lightning jars, agents o: wrath and displeasure, but aro celestial chanticleers continually flapping their wings, and within call read] to come and aarry off any reprobate who is not listening to the invocator'u rapid rant. Scraps of doggrel poetry fragments of uninspired and most uninspiring hymns introduced after the negro fashion, " aa the poet says.' Now and then a Latin phrase, which Mr. Spurgeon bat picked up aa a few! might a nail, which it very soon drops, finding it hard. Phrases such as (t'unit inane, il 8uunds empty-or Ecce homo, "as Pilate tersely ex- claims, " Behold tho mun," Thon follow metaphors o the Bick Swiveller order, " Stir the flame of hilarity wiib the wing of friendship," or, similarly, acoording tc Spurgeonic materialism, angels ascending the steeps o glory, bodiless ghosts stamping their feet, and angels and dying saints generally speaking in sonnets, which, tc adopt another Spurgeonism, appears to be " the brogue ol Canaan." English grammar is readily disposed of " There is a poor fellow who says I could not put six 01 soven words together in English grammar. Tush upon English grammar, God does not care far that I" Books Mr. Spurgeon equally dispenses with in his own fashion -" I love Butler's ' Analogy,* I lovo Paley's ' Eviden- ces,' but I don't read them ; I don't care to go into tbs , mud for the sake of washing myself clean." Occasionally, the discourse is enlivened by a ita ve of a song from " The Bay of Biscay," or " The Standard-bearer," and this sort of stuff:-"I think the angels are looking down from the battlements of heaven, and singing, ' See the Conquering Hero comes.'" Hero is a passage on death, with exquisite Parliamentary allusions:-"Thc grim sergeant of the House is coming, and he will dis- cover you. What will be your lot if you have been a stranger in his House below, when you find that you may have sat for a little while in this House of Com mons below, you cannot sit in the House of Lords above." ifls " Aha'*" are a« remarkable as a hyicna'B : " Ab*," says the devil, " Prinee of Light, I havo one ol thy jewels." There are Spurgeonio indulgences, it would seem :-" As soon as a man trusts God, all his sins are forgiven-past, prêtent, and to come" Of the advan- tages of immorality, here is his opinion :-" If you go to heaven you must elbow pickpockets, and walk side by side with drunkards and thieves. There is only one road to beaven for the moral and immoral, for the chim- ney Bweep and her Majesty the Queen." Here is another select thought :-" The thought struck me, the other day, that the Lord will have in heaven some of those very big sinners that have gono further astray than anybody tbat ever lived, the most extraordinary extravaganza of vice, just to make tho melody complete by singing some ol those soprano notes which you and I, becau«o we have not gone so far astray, will never be able to utter. I wonder whether one bas stepped into the chapel this morning whom God has selected to take some of thoso i alto notes in the scale of praise? Perhaps there ia ono suoh here. Ob I how will such a one sing, if grace, free grace, shall have meroy upon bim." A reverend critic. Or. Campbell, pronounces on the preaaher thus:-" IB be abrupt, blunt, direct ? It is nature. Is he idioma- tic, colloquial, p'ayful, d amatio ? It is nature." Or, as < Elijah Pogram has it :-" Bough he may be, so air out Barrs. Wild he may be, so air our Bunglers. But be is a child of Nature and a child of freedom, and his boastful answer to tbe despicable oritio is, that his bright borne is in the setting sun." . . . But enough of this prate and profanity. " To preaoh long and loud damnation," said Seiden, " is the way to be cried up. We love a man who damns us, and we run after bim again to save us." And now the performance is over tho evil ono has been effectually clubbed-archangels have flapped their wings-the side-shaking laughter and the women's titters are over-and the performer has passed to the retiring-room to receive congratulations. The boxes aro rattled at the doors, but it is humiliating to note the, dead peouniary silence. Now wo arc borne along and jammed in the press at tho st<ige.door. Thence the Spurgeon family are emerging ; graciously the hilarious performer bows, and nimbly steps into his brougham ; at times-according to a published report ev"en extending bis hand fdr tbe fair ohosen to kiss. Athin<eum. ~ . - 