CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSEMBLY. The third session of the members of the Church of England Assembly was opened yesterday morning, at St. James's School- rooms, William-street, the Right Rev. Bishop Perry presiding. Previous to the assembling of the members in the Schoolrooms, the gentlemen who were to be present attended divine service at St. James's Cathedral Church, and on the termi- nation of the service the members adjourned to the schoolrooms. Some difficulty was at first experienced in forming a quorum, and the right rev. President was about the postpone his address until the following day. The timely arrival of two or three gentleman, however, rendered this delay unnecessary. The minutes of the former proceedings of the Assembly having been read, the right rev. Pre- sident addressed the Conference as follows: The paper which I believe has been placed in the hands of all the representatives in this Assembly will have informed you of the chief points to which I wish to allude in my address. It would not naturally be expected that at an adjourned meeting of this kind I should address you at any length in an open- ning speech, but matters are to be brought before your Assemby of such a nature that it will be satisfactory to you and a saving of time to me that I should describe to you the present position of the Church in this dio- cese, and make certain remarks as to the several particulars which I wish you to take into con- sideration. Firstly, with respect to the Gene- ral Church Fund. I hold in my hand a copy of the scheme suggested by the Assembly to raising a general fund by subscriptions in the different parishes. To this document I shall allude more particularly presently; but I wish now to call your attention to a former pro- posal, that this fund should be administered by the Assembly, after a plan for its distribu- tion had been approved of by them. In consequence of the small amount col- lected, the resolution of the Asesmbly in reference to this money was not strictly complied with; and a proposition brought for- ward by Mr. A'Beckett, in reference to the principle on which the fund was to be distri- buted, was sanctioned by the House in Com- mittee. The resolution agreed to by the Assembly was to the effect that half the amount raised should be paid to the Church fund at the parishes in which the do- nations had been received; and, on the motion of Mr. Dumas, the Assembly agreed to the resolution that it was not advisable to carry out the proposed scheme beyond this, and that a sum of £600 should be placed at the disposal of the Bishop in Council, towards the additions required to the stipends of such clergymen as were not sufficiently remunerated already. This sum was distributed by your Bishop under the advice of his Council-the total amount paid away being £651 4s. 5d., showing an excess over the sum granted by the Assembly of £51 4s. 5d. This sum must be provided for out of some other fund. The gross amount re- ceived by the Registrar of the diocese amounts to £1,249 4s. 6d., and, deducting the sum of £97 incurred for expenses, this leaves £1,149 4s. 6d. available for dis- tribution. If half of this sum be granted to the different parishes in which it has been contributed, the amount left at our disposal will be only £671; showing on extensive defi- ciency on the £600 granted. It is, therefore, impossible to lay on the table any scheme for the distribution of funds which do not exist. There is another fund which may, however, be considered in connexion with this, viz., the surrogate's fees, which, up to June last, amounted to £362, and are expected to reach the sum of £574 at the end of the year. This sum, however, will be required to meet cer- tain payments which constitute a primary charge upon it. If any member of Assembly wishes to bring the matter under discussion, I shall be very glad to enter into it; but under the circumstances, I should re- commend the following out of the resolution of the Assembly that one hall of the amount should be returned to the contributors. In order to make up the deficiency on the sum of £600, I should recommend that the Blshop be authorised to apply to members of the Church for special donations to the general fund, and also authorised to use what other means he may think nt to promote this object. On this general fund the additions to the incomes of several clergymen for the current half year should be a primary charge, the ba- lance to be appropriated to the extension of the Church throughout the diocese, in accordance with the paper which I now lay on the table of this Assembly. I will presently direct your attention more particularly to the result of the scheme, so far as it bas been adopted ; but I may mention at once that a great deal of difficulty has been experienced in settling the boundaries of the different parishes and in the construction of suitable maps. They are at present only drawn on parchment, but I hope soon to be able to lay correct copies on the table of the House. I will now pass to the financial affairs of the Church-a topic which will chiefly occupy the attention daring the pre- sent session, and I invite the earnest attention of members to the subject. I have prepared a table, as you will see, on the fly leaf of this paper I have presented to you, and this shows the manner in which our 56 clergy- men at present employed in the diocese are distributed. There are nine clergy- men in the city of Melbourne, with congregations amounting in the aggre- gate to 23,400. There are six clergymen in the municipalities immediately in the neigh- borhood of Melbourne. There are nine clergymen in the county of Bourke, at no great distance from Melbourne, the farthest point from it being Gisborne. This is exclu- sive of the populations which cannot be separated from the different gold- fields. Be0 sides these there are different municipalities -such as Belfast, Warrnambool, Kilmore, Castlemaine. You may observe, that there are two clergymen at Belfast nomi- nally to minister to a population of 850\. There Is, however, a large agri- cultural population in the vicinity, and which is not included in the municipality. Besides these, there are clergymen at the different gold-fields - three at Ballarat, with a population of 19,000 ; two at Castlemaine, | with a population of 12,500 ; at the Avoca there are two clergymen, to a population of 16,300; Sandhurst, one clergyman to a popu- lation of 13,000 ; Beechworth, one to a popula- tion of 7,440. There are other districts, from which the returns cannot be obtained. I must now point out to you the total inadequacy of our present staff of clergymen in point of numbers. It is true that the clergymen in Melbourne bear the proportion of thre sevenths to the total number of the clergy in the colony, but this arises entirely from the circumstance that there are much greater fa- cilities for placing clergymen in towns and parishes in such a neighborhood as Mel- bourne, than in places where there is to some extent a difficulty as to the means of main- taming them. I must say that, however, there are additional clergy required in this city, and I do not hesitate to say that the incumbents of our parishes are quite unable, without the assistance of curates, to fulfil their ministerial duties efficiently. It is impossible for them to find sufficient time to devote to the composition of their sermons, still less for other business which may distract their attention. In some of our large gold-fields, such as Maldon, Daylesford, Maryborough, Carisbiook, Cres- wick, and others, the visits of our clergymen are only made periodically. The inhabitants are naturally dissatisfied at having only oc- casional services, and frequent applications are made for the placing of a resident clergy- man amongst them. Then, again, in passing; through the country you must continually observe large agricultural districts with a farming population, without any minister of the Word. You likewise find gold-fields springing up in different directions, some having a population of some hundreds, others having only a few score; and these places are totally neglected. Districts such as these cannot be regarded in reference to the number of clergy in their vicinity, but according to the extent of their areas, and, viewing them in this way, we shall see how impossible it is for the present body of clergymen to minister to even one third part of the members of the Church of England throughout the colony. Thore are also to be considered the thousands of persons who are continually moving from one gold- field to another, and who, if they are to be ministered unto at all, must be followed by the minister. These facts must impress on you the inadequacy of the present staff of our clergy to the wants of the diocese ; and I must at the same time call your attention also to the inadequacy of the stipends of the clergy at present officiating. If you have examined the paper I circulated some weeks ago, you must have observed that the income of the clergy in some of the settled parishes has not been sufficient, or oven regularly paid, and they have often been subjected to great anxiety and pecuniary difficulties in consequence of these irregularities of payment and the in- enfficiency of their remuneration. I mention these things particularly, in order to draw the attention of my lay brethren to them. I am of course speaking in the presence of a large number of my clerical brethren, but I men- tion these matters in their presence reluc- tantly, and only in consequence of a desire to see them placed in a proper position. It has been truly remarked by Taylor that those who are called to fulfil so important a function as that of a clergyman should, as far as possible, be exempted from private cares. I do not think, judging from the communica- tions I have seen in the newspapers and the communications I havo received privately that the people of our Church have at all con- sidered the connection between the efficiency of our clergy and the sufficiency of the funds provided for their maintenance. I must put it plainly and distinctly to this Assembly that the Church cannot be main- tained in an efficient state in this diocese unless means are taken, independently of the blessing of God, to maintain her clergy efficiently. I am well aware that no arrange- ment that we can make can secure such a body of servants of the Church as we require. The Lord only, by the influence of His holy spirit, can raise up such a body of men as we require, qualified spiritually as well as Intel- lectually, but at the same time there are means conducive to this end, which, by God's blessing, we may use. I have ventured, in accordance with these views, to suggest to the Assembly, that before any clergyman enters upon his charge the amount of his income shall be deter- mined, and the payment of this shall consti- tute a moral obligation upon those who take the leading part in the affairs of the parish. I wish that when any clergyman goes to his parish he should know beforehand what his income ought to be, that it should be adequate, and should be regularly paid to him. Of course it is impossible for us to enforce these regulations : we eau only in- fluence the minds of our people, and hope that by God's will and God's blessing, their heart: may be stirred up to fulfil their duties in these matters. In eaoh parish, a fund might b2 raised, in any manner the parishioners mighl deem fit, the payment of the Btipend of the clergyman to bo a primary charge upon the sum raised. I think, also, that there is a greal deal of harm done by raising a olergyman'c stipend by subscription. The fact of the sun to be raised being for a clergyman's stipend should be kept altogether out of Binht Thi amount required Bhould be inoludcd in the current expenses of the Ohurob, and the sub Bcriptions should bo raised for that general purpose only. Tho clergyman might thus, I without the Blightest impropriety assist in i collecting a fund, a portion only of which is devoted to pay him a fixed income. I mast now refer to the fact that, for the officient 1 action of the Church in this colony we can- not depend entirely upon those olergymoa who have been ordained here. Without' wishing to depreciate in any degree tho vatua of the BerviceB of those gentlemen whom I have admitted into the ministry here, still I muBt impress most earnestly on the Church in this diocese that, lo maintain its character, we must introduce from time to time clergy- men from home, and this wo cannot do unless we guarantee to them, for tho fust 12 months, a sufficient sum for their maintenance. The present state of the case in reference to this matter, however, is this. Continual applications aro received from various districts to provide clergymen to un- dertake the spiritual caro of the Inhabitants, but the amount of fands promised or expected always falls short of the amount necessary for the maintenance of a clergyman; and even if it were sufficient for a year, it woulc bo impossible for me to write to any olergy man at home with any-hope that ho woulc come across the Boa to undertako the ministry in this colony. I propose, therefore, tha thero should bo a certain sum appro priated by the Church for tho intro auction of fresh clergymen. If you lool over the list of contributions to the stipend yon will seo that the olergy aro almost en lively maintained by assistance from without This ought not to be. I ask the Assembly therefore, to sanction the principle of flxin the amount of their stipends, although I d not ask them to name any specific sun: Whatever sum may bo agreed upon the As Bembly will, of course, appropriate out of au funds at their disposal. I propose tho in every district assisted from the ge neral fund there should - bo a loee Church fund raised, corresponding t the parochial Church fund in tb Bottled districts, the whole of this tobe applle towards the income of an efficient clergy in ii Of course I aBsume that the money BO raise would be leas than the amount of tho incom required, and a statement of the number < clergymen introduced, and the amounts ai propriated to them, could be laid every yee 1 efore thiB Assembly, with a view to tho es pression of their opinion on it. Before I pas irom this subject, I must ditect your attsn tion to the suggestion'; for raising a General Church Fund during the year. There has been a correspondence carried on between the registrar of the diocese and the clergy of the different parishes, and I now lay oa the table a statement of the amount of money subscribed to the General Church Fund from the 26th November, 1867, to the 30th of Juae, 1858\. I am sorry to see that the clergy, almost without exception, have omitted to send in tho half-yearly returns of the persons Who have contributed to this fund ; and I a eu now inclined to think that it would be expe- dient to modify the suggestion at first made, and to endeavor to establish a parochial fund-the general fund to be made up by special subscriptions and donations. I would, therefore, recommend that the local, or parochial fund, should be that on which the clergymen's stipend should be a primary chai go, aud if the amount raited Bhonld be found moro than sufficient, the surplus should be appropriated to pa- rochial or general purposee. Another subject in connection with finance to which I must direct attention is the Diocesan Board. That Buard was appointed to manage and dis- tribute certain funds. It was appointed by the Church Confeience, and was to supersede and combine in itself the functions of ¿he Diocesan Society. By a decision of the Committee of the Board, it was determined that any arrangement that might be made by the Church As- sembly respecting its futuro constitution should bo carried out. Tho Committee also passed a íesolution to the effect that the sup- porters of the society should be requested to pay in their contributions to the General Church Fund. The question now to be con- sidered is, whether this Board shall be con- tinued or not. I have como to the conclu- sion that it cannot be oontinned in its pre- sent form for any useful purpose. I have occupied you so long a time that I am un- willing to trouble you longer; but I foal bound to advert to the subject of schools. It is necessary that, if possible, tho Ohuroh should come to some general conclusion as to the management of the Church of England Sohools. At present there is no rule, so to speak, on this subject. Some- times clergymen have the Bolo management ol these schools-sometimes the local Board has it ; and thore are sometimes diüerences of opinion between them as to what aro the powers of each, tending, of course, to injure the schools themselves. It is desirable that these matters should be settled decisively. I havo consulted on this subject with members of the Assembly, and it does not appear to me that this body has any authority to deal with this question. The trustees of the land seem to arrogate to themselves the sole authority over these schools; yet, al- though iu many cases they might act improperly, I do not think it necessary or right that the clergy should have the abso- lute control, I think that in all cases there should bo a local Board, and the power of such Board strictly defined. I think, more- over, that this is a subject on which the Bishop may properly issue dhections to the clergy, and I have drawn up a set of rules, which aro very little different from those agreed on by the olergy some years ago, aud I now beg to lay thom on the table of tliuJAa sembly, with a view to their being considered, My only object is to have a set ot rules whioh shall be obsorved generally throughout the diocese. Kow, my brethren, I have gone through, as well os I could, the whola of tha subjects whioh will occupy your attention. I have not spoken as clearly us I could have wished on the different subjacts on which I have touched, hut I hope tho facts I havo mentioned will be a ground-work for your labors. At our first meeting I refrained trom assuming anything Uko authority, as suoh a step might seem to indicate a desire to con- trol the freedom of your deliberations ; and I now muko these suggestions iu the full hope that no member of the Assembly will hesitate to express his opinion on them. i The following is the statement luid on the tibie by tho Bishop : Tho Bishop of Molbourno desire? to bring tho foi oiling statistics concerning tho Church undor the consideration of tho lay monibora of tho Churoli Assombly, and thus oí tho laity of tho Ohursh throughout tho diooeso : Bj tho consus talton last your the whole nuaibor ol Mombora of tho Unltoil Church of England anj Ireland in Victor!» waa 169,077. I In tho sumo year tho numbor of tho Parochial Olorgy was 60. U'ho miinnor in which thoso woro distributed, toge- ther with tho population undor their ministry, It I shown In tho tnolu which Is subjoined. Their Incomes for tho year, together with tilt sources frjm which thoy woro dorlvcd, aro also shown in a return which haï bcon already tiansiulttod to ul] tho raombern of tho Assombly, Froni that return It nppoars that tho whole ag{ro. gnto amount was 26,22«. 18s. 4d., and thatotthli thero was dorlved from ¡C B. d. , Church of England portion of tho 6O,O00Z. out of the public rovonuo, availablo for atipónos of parochial olorgymcn.0,833 3 0 Grant of tho Saoioty for tho Propaga- I tionof thoQospol (England) .. .. 060 0 0 Diocesan Board and donations for dlo CC60. 081 13 0 Fees-Surplice and surrogato .. .. 4,660 li 8 Iiocal oonirlbutlons, including in somo oases payments for sittings .. .. 10,701 SU Thoro havo been somo changes both as to olorgy tnon and dlstricta during tho prcsout year ; but it is not necessary for tho object of tlits papor to notion thom. Tlioy do not In any way affect tho conclusions to bs (Ira'.vu from theio statistics upon tho two point) to which tho Bishop ia anxious to call attention-viz., tho Inadequacy oi tho present staff of clorgy for the wants of ttio diocoso, and tho necessity for adopting measures, IIB woll to prcsorvo an efficient ministry in hcttlcd parlaho«, na to supply tho ministrations of tho Church to districts whero tho clergy cannot bo main- tained by the pcoplo. I. Tho present Staff of Clergy Is quito inadequate to tho wants of tile Dfoceso. Of tho wholo number of parochial clergymen, throa sovciitlis aro located In Slolbourno ai.d its vicinity. This may seem an unduo proportion; und.yet, f r from thoro boing any to spare, moro aro greatly needed beth for the city and for the suburbs and adjacent dis- tricts. It is very desirable that there should bo Ia almost every ono of tho parishes of tlio city a curate, or assistant minister ; for it le impossiblo for tho In ounibonts sluglO'linnded to perform oflicleutly all their various public and private ministerial duties. It ii also vory doslroblo that tho opportunity of attontllng tho ministrations of the Church should be afforded to tho inhabitants of tho many villages and agricultural district! in tho neighborhood of Melbourno in which thero is no stated ministry. Eut tho want of additional clergymon will bo fait to be fur moro urgont when tho stato of the country population is considered. For, Orst, there aro many gold-Hold towns of consi- derable size whoro there ia no resident minister of tho Church, and whoro Divino sorvloo is either novor held at all or only on alternate Sundays, or at longer intervals. Such aro Malden, Daylosford, Mary- borough, Amherst, Creswick, ;nnd others. From several of thoso earnest applications for olorgymon havo boen addressed to the Bishop. Again, in tho neighborhood of ovory largo gold-Sold town, such as Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Ballaarat, and Beechworth, thoro are many Bmallor contres of population of a moro or less sottlod character, far which in genaral uo ministerial provision has been at Thoro are also throughout tho country numorous small hamlots in tho midst of a scattered population, ?which aro quito beyond tho reach of tho olergy, and wbero tho mluUtratlons of tho Church aro unknown. And, lastly, hesidcB theso mino Bottled portions of tho people, thoro aro thousands of gold-diggers and others who aro coutluually moving from one placo to another, on tho roport of a now gold-field being discovered, or of a rich lead having boon fouud In an old ono. This olnss can be supphod with tho minis- trations of tho Church only by meanB of elorgymea willing to follow thom in their continual migrations. Thoro are nono such at present in the diocese. II, Thoro is a necessity for adopting measures, as well to preserve an elflcfont ministry in settled parishes, an to supply tho ministrations of tho Church to districts lu which clergymen cannot yot bo main, talned by tho people. With respect to settled parlshos, tho tabular state- ment rf Incomes shows that, whllo somo clergymen have received from locul sources, without any addition to their stipends excopt from tho public rovonuo, what may be regarded as an adequato maintenance, the provision mado for others-Bomo of thom emlnont Tor their zeal and dlllvcnco, and ability In tho ministry -lias boon quite insufficient, This has been the cue in parlshos where largo sums havo boen oxpondod ou Church buildings, aud whoro tho poople certainly jannot pload poverty as an excuse for having failed adequately to support their mintstor. Uenco, to preservo an officient ministry In such parishes, It Is ossonttal tbat tho Incumbonts should have somo bettor security than they now possosg, foi tho tegular paymont, -without any trouhlo on (holt part, of Incomes which should enable thom to main- tain tbeir proper position In sooloty, and reliera thom (rom all poraianont anxiety. Unless such aocurlty bo afforded them, It will bo Imposslblo to procure for ti» ministry a body of men qualified by (heir oharaoloi and oducation to bo religious instructors of tho peoplo, and toexcrciso a duo Induoncoover tho various ela»« it tboir parlshlonors. Again, ibu particulars of the incomes of tho olorgj In districts which have been recently occuplod, an; especially on tho gold-flolds, and in tho towns whiot liavo sprung up on them, show that tho ministration of the Church could not havo boen providod in suol places except by extraneous assUtanos, cither fron tho Society for tho Propagation of tbo Goapol, or thi Church funds of the diocese, or some other sourco. Iiencv, for tho extension of the Church to meet t'i »ants of a lepidly- increaslng population, sucli a» tha of Victoria, ft Is necessary that the occupation of no« districts should bo regarded as a missionary work mid that tho cost of introducing additional clorgymei from England, and of supporting them for a tim In the dUtrlcts w hero they aro located, bo defrayod ou ofagrarral Church fund. This fund must boohlofl formed by tho contributions of the members of th Church residing in eottlod parlshos ; who, in ords that Uio Church may fulfil Its oflico for the evaugotl sation of til o wholo land, must bo willing, as they ar n general ablo, not only to support their own mini: tors, but .'-leo to aontrlbuto towards providing miali ide for thus« districts in which tboy cannot as yot b Inaintttlneii hy tho pfoplo. Iho iiMhop most earnestly entreats the represent! .lyes.of tho various parishes and district! ot tit ("locóse to consldor this important subject, with a ' ?v low to the adoption of some plan for arousing tho laity to a Boase of their responsibility, and. for calling forth, combining, Bystematlslng, and wisely dlroctlnj their cxortlons, for tho maintenance of an offlciont ministry, and the progressive oxtonslon of the Church. Tho Bishop does not forget that the well being and prouross of the Church dopond altogether lipiui the spiritual Influence cf tho Holy Ghost ; and that no human organisation can hy itself avail, olthor to procuro a supply of faithful and earnest ministers of Christ, or to obtain from tho people a duo provision ¡ 'hw Kunport. Tho Lord alone can send lorth laborers into His harvest, and Bo only can inclino tho hearts of mon to glvo of their worldly goods to tho support of those laborers. Novortholoss, reason toachos us that human wisdom may dovlso and carry out moana which will bo, undor God's Mossing, con On elvo to those onds ; nnd exporionoo confirms this. The Lord does ordinarily net through such moana. Ho adopts, if it may bo so said, andglvos effect to tho agency whioh lils sorvants, In depondonco upon His blessing, employ. Tho members ol the Church in this country aro therefore bound, not as though they could accomplish anything independently of God, but look- ing to Him for guidance and success, to ondeavor to deviso mooBuro8 which tboy may reasonably hope Ho will make oiTectual to tho accomplishment of the desired objeots. As it may assist tho Assombly to have some día ti not propositions laid bofore thom, tho Bishop would submit tho following as tho groundwork ol tholr deliberations at tho adjourned session, which is to commonco on tho 16th Instant. 1\. That, boforo a olorgyman Is appolntod Incumbont of any paiish tho amount of bfs Income shall bo determined, and an undertaking on bohalf of tho people, of such a nature as may impose upon them a moral obligation to próvido that incomo during bjs incumboncy, shall bo entered hito by the Trustoos, Ohurchwnrdons, or Church Commlttoo of tho parish. 2\. That In ovory parish thoro shall ho a parochial fund, to bo raised and administered in such min- na- aB the parlshlonors may think fit, upon which the clergyman's stipend Bhall be tho primary charge. 3\. That a cortain sum shall bo appropriated by tho Church Assombly ovory year for tho Introduction of additional olorgymon into tho dlocose, and for supply- ing tho ministrations of tho Church to dlstriots iu which olorgymon cannot as yot bo maintained by tho people. Tho sum which the Bishop would dosiro to ho appropriated to thoso objects tor tho year 1860 Is 3 0002. i. That in ovory district which Is assisted out of tliiB money a local Church fund shall bo formad, tho amount of which shall bo applied toward the Income of the officiating clorgyman, 5\. That a statement of tho numbor of clergyman , introduced, with tho cost of tholr introduction, and also of the several districts assisted, with the sovoral amounts appropriated to thom and the loc.il funds raised by thom, shall bo laid ovory yoar bofora tbo Assembly. ? labio, showing how the 50 Parochial Clorgymoii of tho Diocoso of Melbourno woro distributed in tho year 1857 ; and, as noarly as can bo ascertained, tho Popu- lation undor tholr Ministerial charge Eccloslastlcal Pari Bli or District. Town or Civil District. St. James's, Melbourne .. St. John's, do. St. Mark's, do, St. Mary's, do. St. Paul's, do. St. Peter's, do. Elchmond Prahran ) South Yarra J St. Kilda EmornldHlll.. ?Williamstown ?Brighton *l'ontridge Brunswick Essendon * Oakleigh and Malvern "Holdolborg *VVhlttlosoa 'Hawthorne .. "Qlsborno Christ Church, Goolong St. Jamos and St. Potor, do. St. Paul's, do. ?»Barrabool Hills "Point Henry and Queons ollffo "Wlncholsoa .. "Ballan and Bac chus Marsh.. Portland .. ?"Belfast ?"Warrnambool. *KUmoro "Ballaarat »Buninyong .. "Crcswiok and Raglan Castlcmalno "Tarrengower and Mount Franklyn .. *Avoo», Am horst.Dunolly *Maryboro', Ca- risbrook, &c.; ?"Sandhurst, Ben- digo, &o.; ., "M'lvor, ¿ko. .. Beechworth .. "Kyneton .. ?"Benalla .. * Wangaratta .. "Hamilton "Tho Wannon Tower Hill "Tarraville ?Salo .. liol n-3 OS ) Warden's Dfs }? trlot of Bal j laarat. ) Warden's DIB Y trlot of Cas ) tlemalno. ) Warden's Dis ¡- trict of J Avoca. ) Warden's Dis I. trlot of j â Sandhurst. fWardou's Dis t trlct of Towns and1 Districts, \ Gipps! II-3 Slag Hil I ¿äE* .9M a o 3 oSá 03,606 0,029 8,1051 4,781 0,119 3,612 36,905 Cannot bo as< oor tained 2,700 2,191 1,601 1,268 17,728 81,331 86,805 82,417 18,612 7.X70 Cannot bo as- cer- tained. 8,011 * Tho Ministers of thoso places havo tho chargo of surrounding Dlstriots. After some formal business the Assembly adjourned. 