WESTERN AUSTRALIA. By way of Adelaide, wo have news from Perth o the 12th May. The colony at large is said to be progressing favor ably ; fresh land is daily placed in requisition for the supply of food, and the yearly augmentation of our exports is now considered certain. In this prosperity every district has a share, but none in so marked a manner as that which has been last settled. Revenue and Expenditure. — The Government Gazette reports the revenue and expenditure of the first quarter of the year. It is satisfactory so far, that it exhibits an increase as regards revenue, and a de crease as regards expenditure, compared with the cor responding quarter of the j revious year, the respec tive amounts being — 1857\. 1858. Revenue ... £13,367 £15,729 Expenditure 12,909 11,57 6 The increase upon Customs is £2,446 ; harbor dues £133 ; land sales, £113 ; land revenue, £124. Among d creased heads, licences figure for £104 ; fines, &c.;, £103 ; and Commissariat chest for £375. An almost new item of revenue is sale of produce, Rottnest, £361. In the expenditure thero is an increase Hnder the head of salaries, £344 ; ditto provisional, £70 ; allowances £75 ; contingencies, £54 ; roads, to., £100. Decrease — Police, £459 ; gaols, £12 8 ; works and buildings, £300. The principal cause of reduction is, ? that while this- quarter the only extraordinary pay ment is that to the W. A. Bank of £1,326, in the cor responding quarter of 1857 £2,844 was paid in refund?, debts, and debentures, and to the Agent General. — Perth Gazette, April 23. Mr. Gregory's Expedition. — Mr Gregory and his party arrived at Mr Burges's, on the Irwin River, on the Sth instant. We consider the success of tho at tempt to reach tha Gascoigne is now placed almost beyond a doubt by the favorable accounts of the weatber received from Champion Bay, as also from the circumstance that the continued running of the Murchison has been cauied by rains falling far to the eastward. — Perth Gazette. Raisins. — Some three tons of raisins, of tho best possible quality, and certainly far surpassing anything imported, have been sent into the market this year by Mr J. W.Ilardey. They are now selling at the stores by retail, at Is per lb.— Perth Gazette. Guano. ? The cargo of guano obtained by tha Now Perseverance at Shark'B Bay is said to be tho best that has yet been procured there. Its Btrength in ammonia is so great as to have materially retarded the discharge of tho vessel, as the men cannot remain in the hold ; two descend and fill one bag and come out, and two othera then take their places. The vessel returnB im mediately for another cargo, which she will take to tho Mauritius. — Perth Gazette. — The New Perseverance brought from Shark's Bay a cargo of guano of better quality than usual. It was obtained from an island which had been well scraped some years ago, but upon which were fresh deposits. In digging it out the men came upon some bags, left by the former collectors — a proof that the accumulation of guano is constant and rapid. Tho guano recently brought from Shark's Bay will, if not speedily sold, be shipped to South Aus tralia, where there is a good market. — Inquirer. Bexdigo Ironbahk Quabtz Minikg CoirrANT. ? A. g eneral meeting of the shareholders of this com pany was held at the Belvidero Hotel, on Wednesday e vfni ng. The report read by the Manager was of a very encouraging nature. It stated that three tons of quartz bad beon crushed, yielding a very fair amount of gold. 'The future | prospects of the company were Buch as to anticipate the most satisfactory results ; and they had every reason to believe that as they worked deeper, the stone would be found richer, and that on a future occasion they would be enabled to report still more favorable intelligence, the cake of gold, (the produce of the few tons crushed, weighing 4 oz. 10 dwls.) was then handed round for the inspection of the shareholders, and was considered highly satisfactory, as being ;the result of threo tons of quartz. — Advertiser. Tamiabalb. — Extensive improvements have of late been going on in this township. Several new shops have recently been built that would be no disgrace to even Melbourne itself. The imperfect state of the laws respecting mining on private property, however, regard the progress of digging speculation. D. S. Campbell, Esq., M.L.A., the owner of the land there, has recently, in a very lordly manner, ejected the miners from M'Millan's claim, which was paying very well. It appears that the diggers have been put to great expense and trouble by this gentleman's arbitrary proceedings, as they considered they have a right to their claims, owing to some agreement entered into with a former agent of the landlord. — Kyneton Obterver. Reform Mbktino at the Great Western. — A well attended meeting of the inhabitants of the Great Western diggings and Armstrong's, took place on Thursday last, the Reform Bill being the subject of discussion. A memorial and protest addressed to His Excellency the Governor was adopted. Wo have been favored with a copy of this document, but owing to its great length we are not enabled to insert it intact in this issue, but wo extract the following paragraphs : — 'Upon good grounds then do we represent to your Excellency that the Legislative Council, as at present constituted, cannot for the future be regarded with either confidence or respect by the country. Therefore we pray your Excellency to put every constitutional means at yaur disposal into requisition, in order to re medy the evil as quickly as possible. We now hereby record, before your Excellency, our solemn protest, that to no other cause can be attributed the growing poverty, the crime, the profligacy that abounds here, than to the vile Bystem ot class legislation- that has been so long practised. However, the time is come for it to have an end. Victoria is not Siberia, Melbourne is not Tobolsk ; the bayonet is not our sceptre. If our forefathers in tho dark ages wrung Magna Charts, from a tyrant, if needs be, a Kunnymede is not impossible in the nineteenth century.' — Mount Ararat Advertiser. Cowardly Outbaue at Ballaakat. — On Tues day evening, about half-past seven o'clock, a Chinaman was set upon near the T store, in Eureka street, which piece he bad just left, by two scoundrels who knocked him down, and after beating and kicking him in a most brutal manner, robbed him of ten pounds, and decamped. — Times. Modes op Managing Weeds. —Mr Moel never sees them. Tliey grow in all the corners of his fences, in his yards, in the roads and lines, and wherever they please. They encroach on his meadows ; they invade his ploughed land ; they sow their seeds by millions. His grounds become nurseries of nuisance, annoyance, and ills to all his neighbor!-'. He wonders why his lands yield weeds so much more than anybody's else around him. It has never occured to him that weeds grow spontaneously ; but valuable crops must be cared for aud cultivated, to he enjoys a harvest of weeds, and nothing else. Mr Slow sees the docks growing, |and exclaims: — 'That is too bad; these weeds must be dug up.' But they go too seed, after all. After half of them have scattered themselves in the ground, he cuts the stalks up and burns them. The Canada thistles come, aud take up quite a plat before he discovers that they have become his tenants ; and he attacks them vi el ar/nis, and after years of strugglo gets them partly under, but they break out iu a new place, and reappear in the old ones. It is the same with all the other pests that infest his farm. ' Faint, though purjuing,' he fights on, never gaining tho full viotory, yet never absolutely defeated. His name is Slow, and it would almost seem as if it was indicative of his character. Mr Smart sees the weeds, and he is at them with a fury. All over his ploughed lands his eyes ranged, like the eye of the eagle for his prey. Every corner is scrutinised. Hoe and spade, scythe and trowel, fire and hot water, are all made to play a part in the onslaught which he is ever making on the weeds. His first rule is, 'Let none grow.' If any escape tho application of this, tho next is, 'Let none go to seed.' If, after all, some do go to seed — for what human eye is omniscient ? — his third rule is, 'Let them be totally destroyed. He gathers them without scattering their seed, and burns them, or packs tbem in a corner, and lets them thoroughly rot, and their seeds with them. In a year or two, his farm is clear, and with 'eternal vigilance,' he keeps it so. -Ohio Farmer. Will op a Millionaire. — The will of Hie Jato Mr Morrison, some time M.P. for the Inverness Burghs, has just been administered to in Doctor's Commons ; it is among tho longest upon record. Upon its production were engaged conveyancers and barristers of eminence and during its progress to completion the estimater evinced much anxiety. The estate exceeding 4,000,000/ is, in such cases, sworn to as of upper value. Basildon Park cost 126,000/ ; tha furniture there alone has been valued at 90,000/, This mansion is to be tho rcsideuco of his widow, with an annuity of 10,000/ a-yoar. The estate of Basildon is left to his son, Charles, as well as tho Islay estate in Scotland, which latter cost 452,000/, and from its extent and vastness may be termed a principality, the owner being there styled a laird. This is let to numerous tenants. . Mr Charles is also be queathed a round sum of 1,000,000/ uuder the will. Mr Morrison was possessed of Fonthill Abbey, Hova Park, Sussex ; a town residence, Upper Harley street ; shares amounting to 80,000/ in the Victoria Dock's ; and vast acquisitions in America. — Banffshire Journal . Austkalian Flowkbs. — The native rose has the color but no other resemblance to the European queeu of flowers. It is one of the few field-flowers posses sing any odor. Wafted on the passing gale, it com mends itself pleasantly to tho senses ; but strange enough, on closer acquaintance, there mingles with the rich perfume an undoubted smell of fox — a scent which, however productive of rapture in 'tho field,' ih hardly adapted to the boudoir. In the low lands of the Botany scrub I noticed a crimson aud orange flower, like the foxglove in form, very handsome, but so hard and horny in texture, that tho blossoms actually ring with a clear metallic sound as the breeze shakes them. It might be the fairies' dinner- bell, calling them to dew and ambrosia ! But alas ! ttiero are no 'good 'people ' in Australia! no one ever heard of a ghost, a bogle, or a fetoh- here. — Mmdy't ' Our Antipodes.' Tkt Agaix. — A clergyman, who was consoling a young widow on the death of her husband, remarked that *' bo was one of the few. Such a jewel of a chris tian ; you cannot find his equal, you well know.' To which the sobbing fair one replied, with an almost bro ken heart, 'I do not expect tc;- but I will try.' 1'KitALK Compositors. — The following advertise ment has appeared in the New York Herald : — Gikls Wanted to_ Set Type— Those perfectly acquainted with the busiucss, and capable of at once going on with the work. _ None others need apply. Call, after nine o clock this morning, at 385 Broadway, third floor, front room. ( Fw other Ntvis see third page.) 