ENGLAND. It is stated that already. 130,000 sharps out of 330,000 have been taken in the new Leviathan company. A rowing match came off lately on the Clyde, Scotland, betwixt two blind men in one boat, and two seeing, sturdy, young men in the other. The blind competitors came in before their opponents about 200 yards. By the death of Mri Hobson, of Calcutta, a youth, now in the employ of a printer in London, is suddenly put in possession of more than a million and a half sterling. It is said the young man had no previous knowledge of his relation, except as to having once heard his mother say Bhe had a brother in India. It has been stated that the number of absolutely vicious newspapers sold yearly in England is 11,702,000. Infidel and polluting publications have a yearly circulation of HO.'MlOjOOO ; peri odicals of the worst clase, 520.000. The circulation of innoxious publications is less extensive by several millions. Moral and enlightened England ! Hii Holiness the Pope has been graciously pleased, in briefs, dated July 23rd, 1858, to grant the con of a privileged altar, also a plenary indulgence, ap plicable to the souls in Purgatory, to all persons who, having on anv day received the Sacrament of Penance and the Holy Euclurist, shall spend some time in the Convent chapel in devout prayer for the spread of the Catholic Faith. The foundation stone of the Mortuary chapel in the Catholic Cemetery of Bath was laid by the Hon. and Right Rev. Dr. Clifford, Bishop of Clifton, on Thursday September 15th. An order has been given by the French govern ment for six new screw fiigates, of 900-horse power each, two to be built at Rochefort, two at L'Orient, and two at some other port, each to be hl'nwhe or cuirasse, as the term now goes, with plates of polished steel, each weighing twpnty«two cwt., five feet in lenath, two and a half feet in; breadth, at a cost of £57 each plate; these plates are to be inserted hetween the planks of every part of the frigates above high water mark, and will render them impervious to shot and' shell. The iron hail storm will pour down on them in vain, impavidumjactanlur. Steel shot have been fired at the plates from short and long ranges in the Polygon at Viiicennes, and they have sustained luss injury than Ichahod Crane when the ghost threw its head at him in Sleepy Hollow. Singular Attack on a Catholic Clergy man, in Liverpool. — Thomas Ward. Anne Ward, and Catherine Woodcock, were brought up ; for having assaulted a Roman C itholic priest in Scotland Roarl, and also for being disorderly and causing a disturbance in the street. The prisoners belonged to the lower classes of society. They were in custody of offic3r 163, whose name is Armour. The officer stated that about two o'clock on Thursday afternoon his attention was called to a large crowd of people who were congregated around Beiit-street, and were in a very excited state. He found, on reaching the place, that one of the women had struck a Catholic priest across the face with a herring, which she slung by the tail. The clergy man stated that he had heen making a visit to a sick member of his flock, residing in Sawney Pope-street. Having concluded his visit, he was returning home, and on passing Bent-street a woman, who stood at the corner, suddenly struck him with a herring, accompanying the act by some language the reverse of complimentary to his religion. The two women commenced to hustle him, and the man Btruck him. Hie rumour soon arose that a priest was injured, and, in that locality, it was easy to raise a tumult on such a cause. The crowd was very excited, and would, probably, have administered punishment for the offence, had not Armour appeared upon the scene. The clergyman got away as soon as he could, and declined to charge them ; hence they were brought up for the disturbance only. — The male prisoner said he didn't know the man he struck was a priest. The women said nothing.— Mr. Mansfield having lectured the parties on the impropriety of thpir con- I duct, imposed a fine of £2 and. costs on each, or to be imprisoned for two months.— Liverpool sllbion. A writer in the Illustrated London News, who thinks Pope ' one of the greatest men England has ever produced,' was recently lamenting the loss of a cane which the poet is known to have possessed. He should be consoled by a great discovery which he has now the pleasure of noticing. The discovery is that of ' a large bundle of manuscripts in Pope's own handwriting, preserved by the pious care of the two Richardsons, father and son. That Pope was a laborious correcter of his writings, that he arrived at excellence only by repeated alterations with the pen, we knew before from the manuscript of the ' Iliad,' most fortunately preserved in the British Museum ; but to what extent he. carried his altera tions and corrections no one who ha3 not seen the. newly recevered manuscripU to which we call attention could have the faintest conception of. ?What/the manuscripts are worth the .reader will readily imagine when he learns that this, precious bundle (oasket shall, we cull it?) contains the ' Essay on Criticism,' 'Windsor Forest,' 'The Rape of the Loi'k,' the 'Easa'y on Man,' the Moral Epistles,' the ' Epistle to Arbuthnot,' the 'Epistle to Fortescue,' and suppressed editions of ' Dunciad,' with notes uporithem that might supply matter to ' Notes and Queries' for the next six months. Part of the 'Epistle to Fortescue' is written roughly on the reverse of pieces of paper transmitting nauseous 'draughts' for Mr. Pope to take night and morning.' A few days ami, writes the Nation. Sentember 18th the foundation stone of a Franciscan monastery was laid &i; Pantasaph, North Wales, by Lady Field ing, Visc6unt Fielding, a recent convert to the Ro. man Catholic Faith, having given about fourteen acres of land for a site. His Lordship has also contributed £500 towards, the construction of the edifice, which is expected to cost £2,500. The Mayor of Melbourne attended a meeting of the Celtic Lodge, in Edinburgh, on the 8th of October, when he was affiliated 'a member of that: lodge, and was. presented with their emblematic clothing. He expressed his high gratification with tho presentation, and the pleasure he should have in commending the working of the lpdge,' aa observed . by him, ou his return to Australia, . . . Mr. James Wylde.in a letter, to the North British Mail) offers 'the following remedy for two evils — viz, exclusive crinoline and liability to accidental combustion, of which the fair sex are now the sub.... . ject. By adding to the starch used in preparing these dresses a table-spoouful of common alum in a. powdered stute, the starch snakes the dress far stiffer, and prevents -it .bursting into flame when placed in contact with burning substance.' A case of enormous depreciation is mentioned by 'the North British Mail. The great Glengyle case, 'in which the. chief of the M'Gregprs claimed ?£93,000 as compensation fur 14 acres of Highland; Sbog, has befcn settled by the Duan of Faculty with !£«50. The Lord Mayor of London, in a rase which j came before him recently, said that if a youth came f] to him to apply for a clerkship in Inn establishment, J1 who was a smoker, he would not engage him. Mr John M'Gregor, of the engineering firm of ) Messrs. Tod and M'Grcgor, Glasgow, died on the 16th of Sept. ' Mr. M'Grcgor's career during the '? last quarter of a century,' says the Scotsmun, ' han r been identified with the rise and progress of iron ? 'steamboat building in the Clyde;'1 ? The geological museum of the late Mr Hugh ?' Miller has been purchased by the Government for ' £500. In addition to this sum, another, of about 1 £000, subscribed all over the country with. a view to 'I the purchase of the collection, will be handed to Mr I Miller's widow. The collection will remain in the vl Edinburgh museum. ' Two medioal men havo been committed for murder at Manchester. They are charged with causing the death of a young woman in endeavouring to procure abortion. 