HUNTER ItlVEK DISTRICT. (From the ilaitland Papen.) r.KQl^TRAR OrFICE AT VoEPITII. — A fall hpneh of Magistrates yesterday assembled nt tho -Conn house, to consider an application which lind been made by the Mnrpeth improvon'cnt Committee, for the csiobliahment of a Diitrlct Hppistnr's Office in tbat town. A letter from ihr Rcgiitar-Geneial bad been received asking ndvico. A iniijonty of ihe b«nch decided ngainst the establishment of u branch at Mor peth. Alleoed Fosqkbt — On Thursday, John W'hi'e appeared bef-re tho Hi nrh on remand, tinder the charge of having tendered a forged chrque at Dr. Mc'Cartney's A letter rccived ^rcm. Mr. White, of Mmwellbrook, wni read. It elated that the writer had no knowledge of John White (ihe name slgneu on the cheque); that the clitqno in qnrntlon was nnt drawn by his brother or himself ; that he had do ac cuuiii at the Union Unnk (thr bank on which iho cheque wa* tlri«n); and that he had no Mich »t«tion ni tilengarry (the address attached to the cheque). The chief ennsiahle produced as evidence a cheque signed Frank White, nnd drawn on the Union Bank j but the B. neb, 'leriding lhat this thnuld form a Bopurnlo cme, rrmamled tbeprisoter fnr right (Io)S to obtain evidence fri m Mr. While — The tccond case waa then Ron» into. Tho chrif cnnstaMe »t»ted thn the cheque prodnco.l. (-rawn by Frank M-hite'on tho Uniuii lUnk, in favour of Ororge Smith, for £10. was hamlrd to him by Ur. Clifford, of tho firm of Cohen and Co Mr. Cliffurd had received it on the 5th Jnnnaiy. m part of a icmitt»uri', fr'm Mr. 'lioath, of Singleton. It was arm lo the bank, anil returned with the mark. 'Jio account.' ?Qeorpo Hnath Btaied thnt bo rerelvcd thiachrquo from the pri.oncron the aril Jannnry, in pay ment for goodb to tho amount of £2, giving 48 rhange;. He knew there -rus n. Mr. Flunk White, bet did not know his signature. The ' priaontr said he had been ?pliitjn^ for Jir. Whitr, and had received the cheque io . pay sient i he also said that Ur. While was cue .of Iibe« trotharf, Th» tbrqas vru tcmi.tod 'jt Meiers. Cnhen and On., nnd returned a* a* had jno ; it w.s then sent 'lown to the potice. The iri-inner wk* remnniied for eight day*. Vbno and Laitbutisa.— Our readers are iwnre. that Mr. Teomans, as agent for Mr. [tnso, proccedoil to S/ilney fur the purpose of suinini; In -onio liirin with Mr. Atkinson relative to the champion mnteh. We hnvonow the Ktisfuction to announce lhat an arrangement ins been mudo, on-l lhat Liuiistina will meet Im Champion nn hi* ground, at Htimeliush, nn the nfiernnnn of the 8:h day of May next. Tno match has been made for £1000 n-sidc— £500 if which oils been denrwitcd in the hanJs of Mr. Bmt and Mr. O'U.fcn. ih» stakcholrterp, by each party. The last deposit uf £300 each is to made on ihr 5th May next. The distance is to bo tnrn uiilo', one event, nv-r the maul turn milo C'iarso at Homelinsb. nnd carrying weinht fo4 Sj;a* In iho event of Venn jr inn inc. ^'r. Atkinson has airrceil to give Sir, Itoiu £100 for expenses. This con'est will witho'it doubt lie looked forward to with great interest, and rr'nte much speculation in tpnrtini; circles. Whichever win*, the Hunter Klver district can still claim thf p.ilm for rearing the chuirpion of the eoluniei. Thr Wi'i-iont Qir.iST. — Xot a lit'le int-rest his been excitrd bv the story of he ghost at Q:i-iirib!long, which appeared aome time ago in our columns, nnd not h few inquiries Imiro been made u to the lesult uf the search that it wni understood was to be made. We c*n only say tint the affair i* still enveloped in mystery. Fifteen men were engaged for some time in dig ding into tho bed of the dry creek pointed out by the ghost as tho ipnt where rurmins uf itt corporeal tonoment Uy hid. But as, although in onlimry seainnii, the bed uf this creek isd-y there is now a current of wtter finding a pa-sagi- Oelnw the suifacc— a r.-sult ol the roina of Inat jCnr — thcocarrh cnuld not bo cartii*-l nut as far Ha wished. Tho interest ronnected with the tile is maintained, however, by the fnct that a bune was found ; but donbM were exp'tttaed us to whether it *»h not the bone of ' a bulled., in stead of a part of the remains 'f a humnn sub ject. Wo hear that the bone was to be aubjucti'd to the examination of a medical man, ann Hint thoaearch will be renewed at an o.rl) poriotl Nuw Bank at Newoastub.— Th« foundation stone ol a new building intended to bo uted asu baok by the Mistnlaiian flanking Company, was laid at N»wrnstle, on Wmlnesday evening last. The stone wa* laid by Mr. W. Mialop. ihe company'* manager in Mnitlnn-l ; tho cm rent coins uf the realm being depoiitod beneath it. Tbe building when cumflcted is emulated to cost between £5000 andCOOO. 