THE LATE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA. While Gregory filled the Papal seat, the Czar Nicholas came to Rome' Cardinal Wiseman, in his "Recollections of tlie Last Four Popes," thus described the interview between them. THE CZAR AND THE POPE, The most painful of his conflicts, however, was one face to face with' the greatest of Europe's sovereigns, a man accustomed to command without contradiction, and to be surrounded by complete submission. He did not imagine that tliere was a human being who would pre sume to read him a lesson, or still less to administer liim a rebuke. It may be proper to premise that the present Emperor of Russia, while Czarowieh, visited Rome, and was received with the utmost respect by all ranks, and with extreme kindness by the' Pope. The vounjr prince expressed himself highly gratified by his reception ; and I was told by those to whom he had declared it, that he had procured a portrait of Gregory, which he said he should always keep, as that of a friend deeply venerated and esteemed. Further, in 1842, the Emperor, his father, had sent very splendid presents to the Pope, a vase of malachite, now in the Vatican library, and a large supply of the same jr^cious material ior the .Ba'-ilica of St. Paul. Still i e hai not ceased to deal harshly, not to say cruelly, with his Catholic subjects, espe cially the Poles. They were driven into the Greek communion by putting it out of their power to follow their own worship ; they were deprived of their own bishops and priests, and even persecuted by more violent inflictions and personal sufferings. On this subject the Holy See hfld both publiciy and private'y complained ; but no redress, tindbut littie, if any, alleviation had b=en obtained. At length, in Dec., 1815, the Emperor Nicholas I came himself to Rome. It was observed both in Itr.ly, and, I believe, in England.how minute and unrelated were the precautions taken to secuiv him against any danger of conspiracy ; how his apartment, bed, food, body-guard, were arranged with a watchful eye to the p.evention of any surprise from hidden enemies. Be this as it jmay, nothing amiss befell him, unless it was his momentous in terview with the head of that church which he had mercilessly persecuted, with him whose rival he considered himself as real autocratic ht-ad of a large proportion of what he called the " Orthodox Church," and as teeftfilised protector of its entire communion. It wae arranged that the Emperor should be attended by M. de Bouteneff, his minister at Home, and that the Pope should have a cardinal at his side. He selected, as has been said the English Cardinal Acton. This was not a usual provision for a royal visit, but gave it rather the air of a conference ; and so in truth it wa?. The Pope felt he had a solemn and tr- ing duty to perform. Could he allow the prosecutor of his flock to ap proach him, and depart without a word of expostulation and even of reproof t Could he receive him with a bland smile and insincsie accolade ; spsak to him cf the unmeaning topics of the hour, or of the cold politics of the world ? Impossible. It would have been at variance, not with personal disposition, but with the spiritual character which no? held of Father of the Faithful, defender of the weak : shepherd of the reveced flock; protector of the persecuted ; representative of fearless, uncompromising, martyred pontiffs ; vicar of Him who feared no Marking, any more Than prowling, wolf. It would have jiter; to his conscience a gnawing andundving reproach,- }£ U9 bsa lost the oppottunity of saying face to face what he had written and spoken of one absent, or if he had not em ployed his privilege as a sovereign to second his mission as a Pontiff. He would have confirmed by his cowardice or his forbearance, though it might have been called courtly refinement or gentleness of character, all the self-confidence and fearlessness i f a fanatical persecutor, placed above all but some great moral control. Certainly much hung in the balance of that Pontiff's deliberation, bow he should act That meekest of men, Pius VII., had not neglected the opportunity of his captivity, to enumerate with fervid gentleness, to his powerful master, the evils which the church had Buffered at his handa. Gregory never undertook any giave work without much prayer ; and one so momentous as this-' was not assuredly determined on except after long and earnest supplication. What were the Emperor's intentions, wbat his ideas, what bis de-ires in coming to Rome, and having necessarily a Dersonal meeting with the Popt, it is impossible to conjectuje. Did he hope to overcome him by his splendid presence truly majestic, soldier-like, and imperii" : Or fcicajole and win him bvsoothing speec' ::3 an 1 insincere promises ? Or to grin the ia tr.'i'retative approval of silence and forbeir* a>.e ? One must conjecture in vain. Cer ::dn i! is, that he came, he saw, be conquered 'not. It lias been already mentioned, that th= HiOjecfc and particulars of the conference WTd never revealed by its only wit no f-; at Kotne. The P pe's own account was brief, sim ile, and-full of concious power, "1 .said to him all that th^ Holy Ghost diet: t .-i to me." And that he had not spoken vaii1 with words that had beaten the air, but '<: at their strokes had been well placed and driven home, there was evidence otherwise recorded. He had entered with his usual firm and royal aspect, grand as it was from statue like features, stately frame, and martial beaiii g, free and at bis ease, wi'.h gracious looks and condescending gestu t:-j of saluta tion. He came forth again, wi h head un. covered, and bair, if it can be said of man, dishevelled ; haggard and p:;:2, looking as though in an hour he had passed through the condensation of a protractod f>3Ver ; taking long strides, with stooping shoulders, un observant, urfi!uti»g : he wsi 'd not for his carriage to c ( we t-> the foot -1 the stairs, but lushed out into lLo outer court, and hurried way fiom apparently the scene of a ditconi ii'yre. It was the eagle dragged from ibis eyrie among the clefts of the rock-', "from his nest among the stars, " his feathers crumpled, and hie eye quelled, by a power till then despised. . Ac Coiuoos Document.—The following j gem of orthography was handed yesterday- tu his' Worship the Police Magistrate, as a fehce in. a Small DeUt case—Muiphy v Currin —in which the complainant sued, for taking care of a child, &c.; The complainant st >.v d that the goods charged for, were only left at his place for sa»fi-ty, ?nd the four ''piclui? pilt frama " were represented to be made of brown paper and worth about 3s td each, instead of lis 64. as charged in the sei off:— Beecliwo.ijb. July the o ' 1853 To hi? worcliip m prise ]5sqre p m sir when. mrs murphy tuck charge of my child there was nuthing said of payment an she receevid from me the good ori account of my child £ s d 6 fouls : 1 10 0 1 Silk goun ......'2: -'6 0 4 pickturs gilt frams .... 3 • 0 0 I riding liallit ........... 1 10 0 1 iron bead stud ,,... 1 10 0 Iwashintub ...; ' 10 0 1 biler ........!.' : • 9 0 1 tin dish. - 7 0 £11 1 0 How. not to get Married.-—One of the great social evils of jihis age"is admitted to be the - reluctance of bur young men to eariy marriages ; they won't marry now we aie t Id, as they used to do, and ought to do, on £300-a year. Depend upon it, in many and many a case it is not the odd hundred or two that is wanting—it's the attraction. "We have ; lost that joyous and familiar intercourse be tween 'neighbours' families, where, young people's individualities had space and oppor tunity to develop themselves, and heart met heart. Our modish Cupid has overstrung his bow—his arrows don't hit home. Young ladies hide away the keys of their hearts so carefully, that nobody thinks it "worth look.) ing for.' Who is to choose "the one" out of a bevy of proper behaved damsels like a row of hollyhocks, differing only in height, and shape, and coloiir ? They all look alike, dress alike, and walk alike ; and for anything that appears to the contrary, think alike and feel alihe. Why, such a choice is an act of deliberate intention—matrimony prepense ; few man have th* nerve to venture upon it. No wonder they calculate the probable butchers' and bakers' bills before they take such a plunge as that,—"Blackwood's Maga zine." - A MeIj.-vxcholy Siory.—On Wednesday morning. Mr Coroner Hitchins was called on l to investigate a Very melancholy case of s :i ! cide. The , inquiry was touching the death of a'young girl named Fauny Ooxon, a domestic in the service of Mr Joseph Brocklebank, of CarJeton-le-Moorland, who on the previous Monday night had destroyed herself in a pond in-, the farmyard of her master. The following letter in her hand-writing, directed to her lather, was found on her tablet—/'Dear I Father, Mother, and Sister,—With a trem» , bling hand and a sad heart for the last time I j now take up my pen to write these few lines to you. hoping they will find all in better health and spirits than they leave me, (or my heart is well nigh broken. I was led astray, and it has been my grief for weeks past, but I never dared tell any or. e ; There is not one in our house knows how I am fixed ; neither can I bear the idea of it being known to anyono ; but I am six months gone with child ; so I can see the difference myself, and feel it too, and I cannot hear it any longer, It will be a sad stroke for you all ; but do not grieve; for I have grieved myself, and it is no use. Give my love to my sister, and fell her to think of me, but do not do as I have done ; tell her to tollow the steps of her dear moth'r more than I have dene. There is a little houk in my bos that Edwin, gave to me : give it to her,and tell her it was the last wish of her dear sister that she should have it and keep it; and it is my wish that Edwin should have ray Bible for a keepsake from me. I hope you will look upon him as one of your own, for In;; would have been if this dishonour had not be fallen me. So take pity on him ; for I do not know how he will get over it, for he does rot know any more about it than you do. It ig not him that has done me thi-; dishonour, or I could have borne it better; but it was one that was nothing to me,but I shall notaay'who This is my box key, so come a..d see me as soon as you get this note ; bnc if I am Dot. found then you will find me at the bottom of the stack-yard. I have no money in mv box I owe John Wright for anew (rock that ia in my box now, ii Cel.; and I owe Mrs Ash 2s. 3d. for making me one ; and Miss W;ide 10s. for doing my bonnet; and Mr Wade for two pairs of ne?" b oots; /nd I owe Mr Wilson a bill for some things, but do not know how much it is, so I cannot say. I hope you will pay them all. I am afraid I shall not be allowed to be buried iu the Churchy nrd." Edwin Key, who was much affected while . giving his evidence, stated that it was ncr.r 10 o'clock when he left the deceased in the bat k kitchen. She had said to him she wc.uld not live long ; but he had not thought that she would destroy lie- self. They bad had no words; she seemed as usual. He wa3 ignorant of her I being in the far,lily way. Re bad kept company ; with her lor two years, and never henrd of any other young man keeping company with her. She had left him a letter, and until lie had re ceived jt he was not aware what had happened. (Letter produced, and read as,follows):—"My dearest Edwin,— With a trembling hand and a half-broken heart, I now, for the firs: thus write these few lines to you ; but I know not! how to tell you the news. You wjl] be horror struck with surprise to see it fvora one you have loved so dear that I -;..m with child ; but before this as to arrives to you I shall have found ^atery grave. It never was my wish to be in this way, but I was led astray ; out I cannot live in ihis way longer I hopy.uy dear, you will not think me deceitful tor not leliing you; but I could not bear tlio idea of parting with you till I was I hope vou will gri to see them at h^'^g tlffSr I am gone to bear them comptvn'- somecimes. p It is my wish, my dear, for you to have my Bi'o'e, and keep it tV/r my sake. I hope you will have a compauy-keeper to behave well to "OU while you are single ; also when you ma-ried, for I am eure you a;e -.vvrthv of the b?s' that steps ; arid, my dear, I do sincerely wish you well through life and a happy d-ath- I hope when you have read this you «ill forgive me. So good bye, and a lorn: farewell". From Yours till death,—F. Coxon.' The Jury returned a verdict that the death of the deceased was caused by herself, being at the time of sane miad ; and the coroner issued his warrant for her interment between the "hours of 9 -nd 12 o'clock.—Notlmgham Review. Thr Fairy Prince.—Because \ oung lasses are bred in humdrum cauntfy towns, do you suppose they never ind lge in romances ! Because they are modest and have never quitted mothers'jipron, do ysu suppose they have no thoughts of their own ! "What happens in spite o f all these precaution? which the king avid queen take for their darling prin cess, those dragons, and that impenetrable forest, and that castle of steel. The fairy priuce penetrates the impenetrable forest,finds the weak dragon's scale armor, and gets th? better of all the ogres who guard the castle of steel. Away goes the princess to him. She knew hira at or.ee. Her bandboxes and port minteus are filled with her best elothes and. ; all her jewels.'.She lias beenready ever so long l that this in fairy tales, you understand— where the blessed hour and youth always arrive, the ivory horn is blown at the castle gate; and far off in her beauiious bower the princess bears it, and starts up, and that there is the right champion. He is always ready : Look, bow the giants', heads tumble off, and falchion in hand, he gallops over the bridge on his white charger.' How should that virgin locked up in that inaccessible fortress, where she has never seen any man that was not . eighty, or hump-backed, or'her father, known there were sueli beings in the world as young men ? I suppose there's an instinct. I sup pose theic's a season. I never spoke, for my part, to a fairy j rincess, or heard as much from an3' anenchanted or enchanting maiden, >Tu'er a one of them has ever whispered her pretty little secrets to me, or perhaps conferred them to herself, or mamma, cr htr nearest and dearest confidante. But'they will fall in love. Their little hearts are constantly throb bing at the window of expectancy on the look out for the champion. They are always , hearing his horn. They are for ever on the tower looking for.-the hero. Sister Ann, aister Ann, do you see him? Surely, 'tis a knight m'th; curling; musiachios, a flashing simiter and a suit,of; silver armor. Oh ; no ! it is only a corterniotiger with his donkey and pannier of cabbages. Sister Ann, what ia that cloud of dust ? Oli, it is only a farmer's man driving a flock of pigs from" market . Sister Ann, aster Ann, who. :is that splendid warrior advancing ia s-uvl'et "and gold? He •ne'ars the casrle, hu cleara the drawbri Ige, he lifts the ponderous hajnipfr the gate. Ah me,v he knocks twics ! ?Tis only the postman -with a double letter from Northamtonshrre. So it is that we make false starts in life — The Virginiano, .No. G> Dapj.\g Outrage and Robbeet. — Our usually quiet. neighbourhood h^-s. been this week stnrSled by the coramisHion of a most daring robbery, at Mr Aluridge's, ofNuggeity, 'under'the following ciretiEstances-:— 'About half- past'8 o'clock, Wednesday evening. Mrs. Aldridgo was ironing in the kitchen adjoining the house, and standirg with her back to the door, which eras open, Mr Aldridge being &t; the time at a friends a short distance away. Suddenly she ft It some one seize her by the arms/ but thinking it wa& her husband re turned, she made some trifling remark about _ vAixiLu^ lemiii'K. aDOUt being hindered in ht:r work, and turned par ti*lly round. when to i-er ho'ror she saw two men with their faces muffled, one of whom held a pistol in hi3 hand, the other presented one at her heac, telling her that it she dared to raise an alarm they would shoot her dead, but that they did not want to take her life, they bill-. wanted her money. She pretended that she had none, and they, then searched her to find her purse, tearing her dress pocket out, but not succeeding in tlieir attempt, the object ol their desire being in a pocket that they could not find. Being disappointed in this, one of them again took her by the arms and forced her to go into the bedroom, at the same time demanding her keys. She most courageously denied that she had any, but unfortunately on hunting about < hey discovered tliem, and fortwith proceeded to ransack the. room, placing her in a chair and repealing their threats as to what they would do if she raised an alarm. After some trouble they opsned a drawer where were ten £5 notes, two sovereigns and a half sovereign in their hurry, shutting the bed* room and outer doors after them, and vowing vecgence if any noise was made before they -were clear off. Owing to their being muffled Airs. Aldridge t-ajs she can i<3er.tiiy them, but there is same chance of their yet being brought o justice from the following circumstance :—A. short time before this occered a woman -went to a man employed about the place and asked him to give her some hot water, stating that she had slept in the bush the night before, the water was given andshe went away. The same ivomau was heard to shriek murder immedia tely before the men came, and has siuce con fessed tint she did so. She has been arrested, but will give no reason why or wherefore, or in fact any particulars about herself whatever, how she came there, where she came from, or anything, but there is some hope that she may yet be compelled to confess. The police are actively searching the district, and infor mation has been forwarded to the various stations. It is sincerly to be hoped that the capeure of the scoundrels will reward their exertions. We may add, that beyond tear ing her dress in endoavouring to find her purse, and ro'Jghly pushing her about. M>*" Aldridge met with no further violence, 'jt however, another proof of the wa»* Qf poj;Ce protection, far from our Labours at the New Rusn, reievrsd to n> ano,hfr p;,ft of our paper, v:e "jj v det periodical visitations r , this one having suceeded eo satbhiQjO>-_av_ _ Tarrcngowcr Times. am:-max "Wedding.—The family being well off. the lvoma were nicely aranged, and in part carpeted, »nd a number of musicians were leaving on the violin. I was conducted to the divan, chibouks, wine, nuis, sweetmeats being plentiful handed round from time to time. In the centre of the room knelt a young boy richly dres?ed. The violin players every now and then burst into a wild extempore song, accom panying themselves on their instruments ; while the boy would from time to start up and commence a violent kind of dance.beating castinets to keep time with hi" motions. This went on almost without intermission for at least p.n hour and a half,during which every one smoked and looked on, and at the end of that time, fairly tired out with noise, I left. The following-morning th.e bride was taken to church. I did not see her go, but I witnessed her return. She walked between two women—her bri des~.m;uds. I pre sumo — and her iaca was concealed by a covering of crimson silk, ornamented with gold, and terminated by!rich gold tassels. She was preceded by singers, and followed by at least seventy women. As she approached the threshold of her father's door, a sheep was throwu down at her feet, and' she sud denly stopped with her bridesmaids while its throat was cut with a sharp knife, and the blood flowed in rivulets all round the spot where she was standing. Advancing a step or two, she frequently stopped and kissed the hem of her father's srarmeut, bending very low. Presents were offered to her, of rich silks and. cloths, and these she received herself, handed them to her attendant women, while a censer of incense w:-.s continually swung round her head by her father. I could not understand the custom ol slaughtering a sheep on sueh j\'d occasion, nor did 1 speak enough ef the lra» guage to b e able to discover its purport' 1 Tour in Amenia." 