MINING. BALLAARAT. ? It appears from the Ballaarat Star that I the sluicing companies are in a very un satisfactory state. Everybody meeting every body else asks, ' Did you win that caso 1' or 'How do you think that oase will go?' or 'Do you think the judge will grant that injunc tion, or dissolve this J' The Golden Point, the Nightingale, the Malakhoff, the Milkmaid's, and the Inkcrmann are giving . unutterable delight to tho lawyers. Tho sluice-gates of litigation are now fairly opon on all sides, and many an un happy wight will find himself flooded with coats and disappointment. Tho Malakhoff Lead ii proving well In neatly overy portion of the deep ground at present in working. In I the West Malakhoff there have been somo splendid hauls lately, which remind us of tho days of yore. On Friday ; night tho company washed out two hundred (2'.0) nunco3 of gold from two buckets of stuff, and fittoen pounds-weight out of one machino a few days pre viously. Tho Freehold and Allied Army repulUtors, on the Iukermann Lead, have hid an injunction obtainod against them by the sleoping shareholders. Sebastopol tho stronghold of rock.punching and wator bailing is just as notorious as over for its drafts upon the muscles, pookets, and pa tience of the miners .thero. The Unitod Minors and Round Tower Company aro tbe only ones at pre sent working out. The Nolson Company are still bailing away, with an almost hopeless amount of water still pressing upon them. Rumor Bays the working miners are about to give up tho ghost. The Albion Boring Company aro still 'jumping' away with an awful faith and pertinacity. They aro now down a good depth in the rock in tho Ballaarat side of their old bores, and again are hoping, from indications perceived, that they are near upon the deep ground. The yield of the ground in tho Junction, Extended, and Home ward Bound claims is tolerably good, with a large reach of paying stuff available. The Old Qravel Fiti Company's ground has been turning out better of late. The Little Engine Company, which has for between two and three years now been working away about the nether precincts of tho Camp, aro still hard at it, and doing well to boot. The White Flat Company is keeping up its character very respectably in tho matter of dividends. Tho last dividend was £11, and wo hoar that tho company reckon upon a good twelvemonth's work yet. The prospecting branch of this company have apparently good prospects at Clunet. Tho Magpie Ranges Sluicing Company have com pleted their preliminary arrangements. Some exceedingly rich and beautiful specimens of auriferous quartz havo been shown to us from the re opened quartz reef on Poverty Point. The Three-Milo Association prospectors havo at length hit upon a run of gutter ground east of the Old Sinclair's Hill Lead. The depth is over 90 feet, and heavy nuggety gold has been found. As yet, however, the gutter has not been thoroughly defined. Gordon. — Signs of pormanont progress are now vizible. Messrs Welsh Brothers havo got thoir engine, boiler, and batteries.on the ground, and the machibery for crushing will be erected immediately. There is plenty of room for more speculating capitalists in this line of business, as the reofs aro fully capable of yield ing abundantly to keep a sporo at work for years to come. Messrs Blake and Parker havo a large quantity to crush, and everybody ha9 to bide his turn. .Suytue's, Ci'.ebk. — A new rush has takon placo to day, September 21st, near Happy Jack's Gully. The prospecting claim is in a blind gully running to Happy Jack's, from the dividing range near Kangaroo Gully, and about half a milo from the old diggings ; they have sunk three holes fifty feet apart along the gully, and got about 2 dwt to the tub, on au avorage. The sinking is from six to eight feot. The sample of the prospcotors was shotty, different to tho usual character of tho gold in this district. Another rush has also taken place in tho neighborhood of Budgeon's Flat, between that and Monkey Gully ; a run of gold is found coming from a quartz reef, and a uuggetof iZ oz has been found. There is anothor party prospecting in the ranges boiwoen Monkey Gully and the old track of Ross's Creek. Rokbwood.— Several now rushes, moro or loss pay ing, have taken place, tho best and most permanent baing Moonlight Gully, but tho order of tho day is ' prospeating,' and this, it seems, is the most paying business a party of miners can adopt, for the ground is very shallow, and gold is got oven at a foot from the surface. The ground is exceedingly uncertain and patchy in ch&raoter;, some nuggeting three pounds weight, and others not getting the od lor. The general average of tho sinking is from eight to fourteen feet, mostly dry diggings, so that that thoso who try moat havo tho groatest ohanoe of striking it in tho long run. Two men oan bottom a holo a day. 