\- _-_--»--_- I I II THE- SEVESTCEM. ANNIVEK,'^A.ftYOP THE' FOUNDATION OF THE COLONY. "The Psalmist numbered out the years of man." What poet, sacred or pr fame, shall date to fix the growth and period of nations ? inspiration deeper, even than that which the divine bard of Israel possessed, has shadowed forth, in prophetic mystery, the destinies of these great children of the earth for such are the empires and the dynasties wniohhave risen and fallen before us, and around us. Into that mystery, however, as far as the future is concerned, the clear eye of human intelligence cannot penetrate ; through that dimness yet it is not all darkness, the glance of the gifted may not pierce the eye of the seer may not see What then remains for us to do at this particular epoch, when our country has achieved the allotted space of human life, but to follow out the quaint imaginings, it may be the grotesque fancies, which human associations, and probably human superstitions suggest. We naturally speculate at such a time, whether the commencement of decay in individual manhood may not be the close of the mere infancy of the national youth. Whether the period of our emancipation from political homage may not be determined by the three score years and ten, which are said to emancipate those who survive them from the troubles, the disquietude, the turmoil of life. It is perhaps well that our anniversary, which was celebrated yesterday, took place on a day calculated to awake some reflections like these. It is not our wont to cast any gloom upon seasons of festivity. Far he it from us to shadow the heart of a young community in the hour of its rejoicing-nor does the duty of doing so devolve upon us. There is no necessity for gloom and anxiety, and the glad exhilarating spirit in which the yearly testimony to our bounteous and beloved colony was held yesterday, showed that her days of youth had but commenced, and that her childhood was a happy and a smiling one. Holiday- strict holiday we might say throughout the city was observed, and we never perhaps saw so large a number of our citizens turn out to partake in and witness the diversions of the day. But we cannot conceal the fact that there was not that buoyant and hopeful merriment which we have before seen evinced. We do not believe there was any forced festivity that what was partaken of was enjoyed as a duty ; but as with the individual, so with the multitude, there was something to calm hilarious feelings something to check too rude a sense of enjoy- ment. There have been many causes to awaken such sentiments as these in the heart of this community. Apart from the domestic disasters of the past year, which have set so heavy a hand on the fortunes of this city, there have been many attendant calamities which are calculated to tinge our fortunes with melancholy. The catastrophes in India, so appalling, so unholy, that the ghastly ghost of history grows pallid at their narration, which have darkened the sunshine of how many of the stately and happy homes of England, have cast their shadow over many a hearth, have shed their sadness on many a heart, have sickened to shuddering desolation many a wild and eager spirit in young Australia. Let us hope the lesson of savage barbarism we read in these atrocities will teach us better and better the true lesson of civilization. Let us remember, in the recollection of these terrify, ing illustrations of the wickedness of the human heart, undisciplined by morality and education and a pure and steadfast religious faith, how petty and how vain are all our political struggles and party dissen- sions, to make a country prosperous and happy; not that we would undervalue political rights or the due exercise of them though our political retrospect for the past year is not full of pleasant reminiscences. But we would have these rights restrained, and limited by the far more important social conditions of education and intelligence. We know very well that legislation must help education through her earlier struggles in any community ; we will treat, in this country, education will help legislation to work out a great and glorious destiny for the infant Anglo- Saxon empire of the southern hemisphere. If in the turmoil and strife of politics which we have lately passed through, something of a lethargy is coming over us in regard to such matters, let us not in political apathy forget, that in social enterprise, in social improvement, there is the widest field for our most active exertions and out of our seeming neglect of political duties, if our energies are rightly directed we may pluck the flower of safety from the nettle of political apathy which troubles us. Let us work on till our minds are more enlightened as to the real social wants of the country than they are at present, and we shall read the men, and with them the measures, to place us in a right position. Let those who think there is no exalted public sympathy, no generous public virtue to be found except in the arena of politics, hear the impressive word of Lord Brougham. Speaking of the power of eloquence-of cultivated eloquence, he says-" But, in peaceful times, when the progress of events is slow and even as the silent and unheeded pace of time, and the jars of a mighty tumult in foreign and domestic concerns can be no longer heard, then, too, she flourishes-protectress of liberty, patroness of improvement, guardian of all the blessings that can be) showered on human kind ! Nor is her form ever seen but on ground consecrated to free institutions." " To me," he continues, " calmly revolving these things, such pursuits seem far more noble objects of ambition than any upon which the vulgar herd of busy men lavish prodigally their rest- less exertions. To diffuse useful information, to further intellectual refinement sure forerunner of moral improvement to hasten the coming of that bright day when the dawn of general knowledge shall chase away the lazy, lingering mists, even from the base of the great social pyramid ; this indeed is a high calling, in which the most splendid talents and consummate virtue may well pass onward, eager to bear a part." Consoled by reflections such as these, although there was less of exhilaration in our commemorations of yesterday ; there was nothing to awaken regret or despondency. The soul of the country was sobered and chastened, but not sad. The time, we say again, is fitting, mysterious old " Three score years and ten, that thou should'st give us pause in our career- not the pause of creeping old age, not even the cause of the babe that shines from its cradle, takes, ere it essays to stand alone ; but the pause which induces us to ponder over all the old man, if he be a patriot, would bequeath to us, all the dreams and expectations which the bright infant will sigh after. There was the masculine energy of an " infant Hercules, to repeat the oft reiterated quotation in the way in which our anniversary yesterday was kept up. We are not yet quite out of our leading strings, but even now we can bear the tender chastisement of adversity without shrinking, without repining. We have enough of pluck and energy and British spirit to do justice to that glorious flag which in proud rejoicing, trium- phing over all more sordid considerations, was flung abroad yesterday in every street in Sydney, and which was never gazes on by any true hearted colonist, without inspiring him with confidence and hope, in the future. There was not the slightest indication of business in the city yesterday morning. Every shop and business establishment was closed, and very soon after nine o'clock the throngs of men, women, and children which flowed along the streets showed that high holiday and festival was to be held within the city. The streets were crowded in all parts on the pathways by foot passengers, on the road by cabs and omnibuses racing against or running into each other in all directions. The Flagstaff was gaily decked out; the broad ensign of England was hoisted at Government-house ; the royal and loyal salute was duly fired, and heartily responded to by the easter who popped bottled beer and lemonade from the crowded shores of the harbour, the usual locality of attraction on such occasion. 