ALL SAINTS CHURCH. Thursday afternoon was the time appointed for laying the foundation stone of All Saints' Church, Upper Macquarie-street, and towards three o'clock a numerous assemblage had collected together to witness the imposing ceremony about to be performed by His Excellency the Governor. The ladies mustered in great numbers, and among the gentlemen present we noticed T.D. Chapman, Esq., M.R A, W. Tarleton, J. Former, T. J. Knight, B.T. Solly, H. Hopkins, J. Barnard, J, Horse, W.E. Crowther, J, Whitcomb, J. Milligan, T. Giblin, R. Giblin, A. Kennerley, D.T. Kilburn, CE. Wilmot, Esqrs., Revs. A. Davenport end J.U. Seaman (Church of England), W. Nicholson and J. Downes (Free Church of Scotland), G. Clarke and F. Miller, (Independents), Alderman Cook, Vc, 4. His Excellency in full uniform and attended by his Aide-de-Camp, the Hon. A.D. Maule, arrived with his usual punctuality precisely at 3 o'clock and when his approach was made known the Lord Bishop of Tasmania in full canonicals, accompanied by the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, the Revs. J.T. Gellibrand J. Dixon, J. Wilson, and other clergy- men, also in clerical robes, proceeded to receive His Excellency on alighting and conducted him to the platform. The solemnities commenced by the assemblage singing the 100 if Psalm, and after the usual appropriate prayers had been read by the Bishop, His Excellency placed the bottle, containing the following inscription and a few coins, in the cavity destined for its reception. The inscription was then read by Mr. Forster, one of the Churchwardens : ALL SAINTS CHURCH. " The foundation stone of this Church was laid December 2nd. A.D.. 1838, by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, Knt. C B. in the xxii year of the reign of our most gracious majesty Queen Victoria. Lord Bishop of the Diocese The Right Rev. F. B. Nixon, D.O. Archdeacon of Hobart Towns's. Davies, O.A. " The Parish was first opened June 2nd 1855. " First Minister, He. J.T. Gellibrand, M.A. " Present Minister, Rev. John Dixon. '' Churc/iu:ardeii',-Thos. Macdowell, and John Forster, Esqrs. " ¿rohiteet,-MT. H. G. Hunter. " Builder, st, James Dickson." His Excellency then taking the trowel performed the usual duty, and spoke as follows: My Lord Bishop, Ladies and Gbrtlsmew, My Christian Friends. I am honored and gratified that my unworthy hands have been privileged to assist in the good work of this day, and I cordially hope that the zeal and exertions which have achieved this auspicious beginning may be blessed by the early completion of All Saints Church. When I look around I perceive with pleasure that the comprehensive and judicious invitation of the Church Committee that all persons friendly to All Saints Church should attend the laying of the first stone has been responded to in the Catholic spirit which befits the Anglican branch of the Church of Christ, Many, no doubt, are here before me who do not in all respects, and perhaps not at all, own that allegiance to the Church of England, to which I was born and bred, and to which from preference and conviction I am rivetted; Nevertheless so long as we are all of the Congregation of Faithful men, according to Christ's Ordinance, with diversities no case contrary to the word of God, no amount or variety of differences of forms, discipline, and ceremonies ought ever to prevent our union and brotherhood in works of love to God and Man such as this we are now engaged in. I heartily pray God Speed the Church of All Saints, and I trust it will ever prove a place of instruction and consolation to the whole neighbourhood. While the stone was being lowered into its destined position the Bishop read the following prayer : "Forasmuch as Almighty God accepted the purpose of His servants David and Solomon, to build His Temple at Jerusalem, and nothing doubting but that He favourably allowed this charitable design of ours to build a house to His Glory, we therefore on behalf of His Church and people, lay this stone of a Church to bear the name of All. Saints, to the sole Honour and Glory of the Holy, Eternal, and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The 118th Psalm was then sung by the assemblage generally, when after reading a prayer from the Communion Service, in which those present joined, The Bishop delivered a short address and commenced by observing that he fully responded to the few words that had fallen from His Excellency, and begged that he would receive from him, as the chief pastor of the diocese, grateful thanks for the part he had performed in laying the foundation stone of the New Church. He who stood as their ruler had taken part in that day's solemnities, and though on other occasions His Excellency had always been among the foremost in advancing any good work, yet what had been done that day might be accepted as an earnest of what he would do hereafter. The sympathy of their ruler was of a peculiar value ; but they had met there to-day for something far more substantial than to hear addresses from their Governor and from their Bishop ; they had taken part in a religious service and had assembled together to call down a blessing on the building now about to be erected, and those who might worship therein. The ceremony of the day reminded them of their general duties as members of Christ's Church, and of their particular duties as members of the Church of England. As members of Christ's Church, though there were many present who might differ with his communion, all would rejoice that Christ would be worshipped on that spot, and that another temple would he built to the honour and glory of God. All would pray for a blessing on the new church, all in their several ways. His Lordship then more particularly addressed the members of the Church of England, and said that their numerical superiority involved great responsibility. Other communions, far less in numbers, and far outworked them. The last church erected in Hobart Town had been built by the Independents, by voluntary contributions. The Independents were few in number, but they were united heart and band. He had often mentioned that fact before, and was aware that the chief portion of the expenditure was borne by one well known generous individual. Still, in their own communion, in the communion of the Church of England, were many wealthy persons, and a good example had been set them by the Independents. Bodies smaller than the Church of England had done far more than that communion had done. The church erected by the Independents about two years ago, was now entirely out of debt, and he should be most thankful if, in two years' time, the building now in course of erection would be in a similar position. As far as wealth was concerned the Church of England was behind no community in the island, and the members of the Church of England were now on their trial. Many had given money towards the present good work, and others had given such as they could bestow. He hoped that their labour of love would not be thrown away. In conclusion, His Lordship pointed out that those present had a duty to perform, and that it was not for them to turn a deaf ear to the message of Almighty God, no matter who the messenger might be Before they pulled as they separated let them all pray God that the work in which they had just been engaged might be abundantly blessed, and so let it be that when they were dead and gone to their rest, those that came after them might reme ber, when worshipping in that building, that their parents had taken part in the good and noble work inaugurated that day. The Bishop then pronounced the benediction and terminated the solemni- ties of the day. Before, however, the assemblage separated, Mr. Forster came forward and said that about £1100 or £1200 had been already subscribed towards the erection of the new church, but that £800 or 5000 more was required, several ladies and gentlemen thereupon came forward with contributions, a silver plate having been placed on the platform for their reception. 