A HINT TO MINISTERS OF RELIGION. We make the following extract from the Bishop of Oxford's charge, and commend it to the serious consi deration of all divines : —" Suffer me to ask—and I ask it of myself just as much of you—are our. sermons what they ought to be, and what labour and prayer might make them ? Is there n >t in general the taste of essays or disquisitions about them, and is not their merit soundness, moderation, perhaps exactness? And is not their fault that of dulness? And is not what we want to reach our people, a style of composi tion the exact opposite of this, one which is intellectual, terse, pointed, dealing in short sentences ; using Saxon words as close to every day life as it can be without being profane or vulgar ; being at once impressive in its subjects, its applications, its illustrations, and its asserrions > Should it not avoid the easy uniformity of a man applying a nostrum, and with the living earnest ness of one who believes he has all important truths to convey, declare the curse of sin and the blessed remedy provided for it in sacrifice and perpetual offering of our Lord, and in the working of God the Holy Ghost ? Should you not dwell on and proclaim Christ on his eross, Christ in his work of love, Christ in his Word, Christ in his Church, Christ in his Sacraments, and Christ crucified ; Christ risen, Christ meditating, Christ saving? Should it not embrace all the variety, and fire, and love which belong not to a mouthful of phrases, but a heart, a mind and soul full ef their sub ject, and that subject eternal life, man lost or man's salvation, and the love of Christ and the working of the eternal Spirit, and the blessedness of the Church of the redeemed ? And should not all these be delivered as if we were in earnest, because we are in earnest r I must leave it to you to determine for yourselves whether you can best speak, then, far Christ from or without a manuscript. I believe generally^the best course is to preach once each Sunday a w itten and once an. unwritten sermon, by no means one which has been committed to memory, but one wliicli through fresh utterings of the moment, is the product of thought, and study, and prayer It would help us, again, in this mode of preaching, if^ve remembered constantly that for the great mass of our people preach ing is, and must he, the great instrument of God used for converting souls." TREATMENT OF LUNATICS. Some useful hints for the management of our local Institutions maybe derived from the following descrip tion of the course pursued towards unhappy lunatics in the mother country :—" The furious maniac who arrives at Colney Hatch, or Hanwell, in a cart, or a handbarrow, bound with ropes like a frantic animal, the terror of himself and his friends, is no sooner within the building which imagination invests with such terrors, than half his miseries cease. The ropes are cut, he stands up once more free from restraint, kind words are spoken to him, he is soothed by a bath, and if still violent, the padded room, which offers no aggra vating mechanical or personal resistance, calms hisf try, and sleep, which has so long been a stranger to him, visits him the first night which he spends in the dreaded asylum. An old lady, a relapsed patient, whose sil.-er locks hung dishevelled 011 her shoulders, was, when we visited Ilanwell, waiting in a cab in a state of the wildest excitement. Immeilia ely she was admitted and recognised the faces of the nurses who had for merly been kind to her, her whole countenance changed. " What, you Burke and you Thompson again'." she exclaimed, delighted at renewing former friendships, and settling herself peaceably down in the ward, she appeared as comfortable as at her own fire side. THE QUEEN AND TIIE LETTER A. We nave made a discovery. The wonder is, in this a»e of newspaper paragraphs, that it was never made before, but was reserved for the Gateshead Obserwer of 1857\. Byron had "a passion for the name Mary;1' and our gracious Queen has a passion for the letter A. Here is the proof: Augusta, third daughter Alberta, fourth d aughter Arthur, third son. Albert, fourth son. Beatrice, fifth daughter. Alexaudrina Victoria, Queen Albert, Prince Consort. Adelaide, Princess lloyal. Albert, Frince of Wales. Alice, second daughter, Alfred, second son. Every s<>n and daughter of the Queen, born before the present year, has one name, at the least, beginning whh the letter A; and some of them more. Her Majesty evidently thinks her family to be A 1, and a trifle beyond—a right good motherly feeling, in palace or in cot. In April, when the last was born, A bein" exhausted, her Majesty moved on to B. 0 LONGEVITY OF AUSTRALIANS. On Wednesday last (says the ('or a rail Chronicle of 17th December) four colonists, old acquaintances, acci dentally met and proceeded in a cab to the race-course. During conversation on their way to the race-ground, they ascertained that their united ages made a total of 208 years, of which they had been 180 residents in Australia. One was 91 years of age and 70 residents in New South Wales and Tasmania. Another was aged 62 and 43 years in Tasmania. The third was 59 years of age, and 30 in Tasmania, and the other was 56 years of aye. 37 of which were spent in Tasmania. THE GALLOWS IN VIO'ORIA. The gallows has been busy in Victoria of 1 ite. The Examiner of 20th instant, says:—"Two more execu tions swelling out the list of deaths by the gdlowa to eeorraous dimensions. Robinson w<s hanged on Tues day morning for the murder of his wife by throwing her down a water-hole, and Cardanna yesterday for killing his mate at Long Gully. Many persons continue to doubt the guilt of the latter, and strong representations were made to Government upon an assumed insuffi ciency of the evid nee upon which he was convicted. These doubts first found expression in the columns of the Herald, but as the then editor of that journal is now a member of the Executive Council, by whom Cai danna's fate has been finally determined, we must pre sume that convincing proof was at length brought to that learned gentleman's mind." Workman's 11 p is America is mere surface-work. There is no sufficiency, no thoroughness in it. The American workman displays energy, ingenuity, ra pidity to a surprising degree, but he lacks utterly the care and completeness of the British tradesman. His work is thoroughly " unworkmanlike." It bears all the marks of haste and imperfection; has no appearance of finish or minute care about it. The marbled veneered pulaoes of New York often come down by the rcn. The clipper# of New England sail well, but leak and damage cargo. They are splendid models, but slim in construction. Twenty-five thousand miles of railways intersect the American continent - they cross swamps and mountains, the St Lawrence and the Mississippi— but their frail tressel-work is continually coming down ; their bridges are crazy, their roads often unballasted, their whole apparatus flimsy. The consequence is you enter their cars with fear and trembling, and I hank God at your journey'e end. 