MINING CLAIMS DURING THE " HOLIDAYS. (To the Editor of the Mount Alexander Mail.) Sir, — It has been the custom hitherto, on the occurrence of the Easter or Christmas holidays, for the warden to notify that an extension of time would be granted, by which miners would be per- mitted to remain absent from their claims longer than the period prescribed by law, in order that they might enjoy the holidays without danger of losing their claims by jumping. Such a privilege is not strictly in accordance with law, but it has invariably been respected by the mining popula tion, and not a single instance, so far as we have heard, has ever happened, of the loss of a claim by jumping in consequence of the extension of time thus allowed. In the absence of any such notification of the warden, those who have been accustomed to eqjoy the privilege, will be at a loss how to act. They are desirous of enjoying a week's holiday, but of course do not wish to risk the loss of their claims. By your inserting this it may meet the eye of the Resident Warden, whose attention, to the subject it relates to will oblige, sir, MANY MINERS. Our correspondent will see by our advertising columns, that tbeir wishes have been anticipated The usual time will be Given. - uy ttie wardens ot uasctemuine anu xarrangower. -Ed. M.A.M.A Tiib Alterations at the Gaol. — It appears n e were in error In estimating the expenditure at the gaol, for which tenders' are "called for, at something less than £14,000. From £18,000 to £20,000, are the lowest figures we have heard stated as the probable cost of the work required. The nature of the locality, and the distance the stone has to be brought, will probably render the work considerably more - costly at Castlemaine than it will be at Ballarat. £18,000 or £20,000 will give profitable employment for months to our skilled labourers who now complain of want of work. The Reform Bfil.— The Reform Bill is now beyond all risks and all uncertainty. The Assembly, with commendable prudence, acqui. esced in all the amendments made'by the Council, and even sanctioned, after a faint resistance, the dissolution of the unhappy union, between Sandridge and Emerald Hill. The Bill accord ingly was duly presented to His Excellency, and has received Her Majesty's assent. And so, after many not uniustructive adventures, the question is finally set at rest, and the Bill has become part of the law of the land. We cannot but congratulate the country ou this result. When we remember the events of last winter, the excitement of public feeling, the indignation against the Council, the stupid gasconade in which Mr O'Shanassy thought fit to indulge, the probability of a serious collision between the two branches of the Legislature, the opportunity given to reckless partisans of making political capital, the agitation kindled throughout the country, and the indefinite delay, amid the confusion of political excitement, of all practical legislation, we feci that sensation of relief which tnen experience when they have reached in safety the end of a road on which a false st :p might have been ruin. Every sincere lover of the couutry must in his heart feci thanktul that, after so severe a crisis, a Bill eminently satisfactory has been passed ; that the prudence of the Assembly averted the impending disagreemeut with the other Legislative Chamber; that the Council showed distinctly that its former opposition was not fac tious or obstructive, but was based upon a con scientious sense of its duty to the country ; that so far from desiring the abolition of the Council, the public now recognise its utility, and desire its improvement to ensure its permanence ; and tlial, in place of being vexed for years to come with clamors for further organic changes, we have at last removed every reasonable cause of complaint, and may now bid a long farewell to merely political agitation, nud devote ourselves iu peace to the practical requirements of the country. — Argus. PftT.TciiPn Rtep.l PnTfiiTP.«.«- An rr/1f»r lino hooti given by the French Government for six new. screw frigates, of 900 horse- power each, two to be built at ltochefort, two at L'Oricnt, and two at some other port, each to bo bUnche or cuirasse, , as the term now goes, with plates of polished steel, each weighing 22 cwts., 5 feet in length, 24 in breadth, at a cost of 57 1, each plate ; these pl'atcs arc to bo inserted between the planks of every part of the frigates above high water mark, and will render them impervious to shot and shell. The iron hail storm will pour down on them iu vain, impavidum fcricnt mime. Steel shot have been fired at the plates from long aud short ranges in the Polygon at Vincennes, nuu they have sus tained less injury than Ichaboil Crane when the ghost threw its head at him in Sleepy IIollow ; hut the very source from which the Emperor will obtain the armour wherewith to encase his ships is another guarantee for peace. Even the French Government, with all the vast resources at com mand which so struck Sir Charles Napier, is compelled to apply to an Engish ironmaster, one Mr. Howard, to furnish those plates. The samples are 1 metre 70 ccntrimetres in length, 75 centi metres broad, 10 centimetres thick ; each will weigh 1248 killograms, and will cost 1420 frnucs; and as the entire vessel above watermark will be covered with these stupendous shields, "the cost will bo prodigious. 