CLERGY DAUGHTERS' SCHOOL AT WAVERLEY. I CEREMONY OF LAYING KB FOUNDATION-STONE YESTERDAY afternoon, towards two o'clock, numerous carriages and pedestrians might be seen approaching the sight of the Clergy Daughters' School, to be erected a few hundred yards beyond the pleasant village of Waverley, and four or five miles from this city, not far from the sea. The spot chosen, granted for its present use by the Government, lies on high ground, commanding a fine view of the heaving waters of the Pacific on the one side, and wide expanse of hilly country and moorland on the other. The situation is airy and salubrious, and seems well adapted for the object for which it is designed, sufficient retired without being too much out of the way and moreover, in the vicinity of the residence of the Bishop and Mrs. Barker, both of whom have always manifested the warmest interest in this most ex- cellent institution. The day was. it is to be regretted, not by any means a propitious one for the intended ceremony ; showers of dust were incessantly raised and driven by the wind into the faces of the spectators with such a fury as to be well-nigh unendurable, and seriously to interfere with the proceedings, parts of which were often thereby rendered inaudible. The number of those present, a large proportion of whom were ladies, amounted, probably, to between 300 and 400 persons, amongst whom were the representatives of many of our leading colonial families. Several members of both of the Houses of. Legislature, the Bishop and Mrs. Barker, Sir Daniel and Lady Cooper, the Dean of Sydney, Messrs. Deas Thomson, Faithful, Hodgson, Raymond, O'Brien, Vennur, Blacket, and the Reverend Messrs. Allwood, Clarke, Moreton, Agnew, Synge, Stephen, < Steele, Hassall, and many others. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. R. ALLWOOD reading four collects, selected from the Prayer Book, as appropriate to the occasion, after which followed two Psalms the 8th and the 127th. A bottle, containing a calendar of the current year, and an inscription denoting the object of the building, was then laid by the Bishop in a cavity formed for its reception in the corner or foundation stone, which the Bishop with the assistance of Mr. S. Pearce then proceeded to cover with mortar in the usual manner. The stone was then lowered into it. place, when, with the accustomed formalities, the Bishop said as follows: " I lay this foundation stone of a school, to be called St. Catherine's, intended for the education of the daughters of the clergy of the united Church of England and Ireland administering in Australia, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' Amen." Further prayers were then read by the Bishop, similar to those offered up at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Church of St. John the Evangelist, at Darlinghurst, in December, 1866. The BISHOP OF SYDNEY said that, before the company separated, he was desirous of saying a few words as to the reason why it had devolved upon him to take so prominent a part in the proceedings on the occasion. It had not been by his choice, for he would have preferred, as doubtless would many others present, that the principal position in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of this building should have been filled by his Excellency the Governor General and the more so as His Excellency was the patron, the institution, in whose behalf he had so often exerted himself, and towards the funds of which he had so liberally contributed. A painful circumstance, of the particulars of which, he doubted not. they were all aware, had, however, prevented this. An affliction which had caused deep sorrow in a happy and united family, had deprived them of the pleasure of seeing his Excellency there that day, and it was of course needless for him there to remark how sincerely they all sympathised in the bereavement which had occurred. The very circumstance of the death to which he thus alluded naturally led him to revert to the importance of early training the young laying in their minds a good foundation for the knowledge and love of God. Such was the object of the institution the material foundation of which they that day laid. The Clergy Daughters' School was intended to be the means of training and suitably educating the daughters of the clergy ; so that the young persons therein taught might eventually adorn and benefit the station in which they had been placed by Providence, and, at the same time, be instructed to look beyond the present world, to the life which is to come. His Lordship then proceeded to point out the difficulty experienced generally in this colony in obtaining suitable scholastic instruction for the young in which (although of late years much alteration for the better had taken place there was still great room for improvement. In regard to the education of young ladies in particular, there were difficulties and inconveniences, which those parents who heard him, would readily acknowledge and it was in some measure to obviate these that the Clergy Daughters' School was founded. He then proceeded to point out the reasons I why the institution was of necessity one of an exclusive character and devoted to one specific object, showing that the clergy in this colony could not, except by means of such an institution, effectually provide for the education of their daughters. Many of the clergy had large families and were nevertheless possessed of but limited incomes, and by such an institution alone could they ever hope to educate their daughters in the manner in which they had a right to hope and expect. Besides which, the daughters of the clergy would be not unlikely to be often associated in after-life, and an education of one common character at one and the same institution was therefore, in every respect, desirable. The school had been hitherto conducted without any pecuniary difficulty being incurred, although there had been every year an outlay of £200 for rent. The number of young ladies there educated was, at present, fourtefn-about as many as the house at present occupied could conveniently contain. The want of increased accommodation being sensibly felt, and encouraged by promises of support, it had been determined to build a school- house on this spot-the site having been liberally j granted for the purpose by the Government. The house, as planned, would accommodate forty boarders, I and cost about £3000, of which sum about one third I had been already collected. He regretted that the weather was of such an unfavourable character as to prevent them from seeing to any advantage the beauties of the locality ; they would easily observe, however, that it was a site which combined all the sanitary conditions which were indispensible. The Bishop then finally expressed an earnest desire that the blessing of God might rest upon the institution, and that it might become a seminary in which the daughters of the clergy might always be so religiously trained and instructed as to make them indeed the handmaids of the Lord, a blessing to their respective families, and to the community at large. The benediction was then pronounced by the Bishop, after which the assembly left the spot. A large number, however, of ladies and gentlemen proceeded to Bishopscourt, and partook of the entertainment there hospitably provided for them. 