SECOND EDITION. Courier Office, \- '580 p.m., 20th Sept. To the Editor of the Courier. SIR-I know not what the object of Mr. Meredith Find other members of the Opposition is in endeavour- Ingrid loWerTthestandardif the Public Service', and to reduce the. few very indifferent prizes of public life which remain for competition women of honor and attainments in this colony. The effect however of that Opposition is unquestionably to destroy the public ser- vice bride deliver it over in manacles into the hands, of sordid' speculators who laugh-at. the restraints of hear-and honesty., A powerful Government is what' is dreaded by Fiioh men : what they- want- ta'-ivweak' and a corrupt Government, that they may accomplish their own ends,- whether they be " commercial speculations" or ventures with the power, the prero- gative, aye, and the money, of the Crown. Pray, Mr. Editor, do not blame the Mercury. Do you suppose that journal has assailed the Auditor's department without a prompter and an object exclusive of the personal one attributed to him I believe his row suggestion to be to abolish the Audit Department, and to allow the Treasurer to keep the account of the Government at one of the banks - the Treasurer, who gives no security for the performance of his duties, and who may have no single qualification for the office A pretty prospect truly for the colony, but a very bright one for commercial speculators." What visions doth it not recall of the bags of money had in the case of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. What a golden harvest doth it not unfold ! But before adopting this suggestion cr arriving at this result, might -I -asking a favour, that some member of the House ' would move for the grounds why Mr. G. W. B. Boyes was appointed auditor of the colony, and also that the reports of the law officers of the Crown of that date should be referred to, and the dispatches of Colonel Arthur, in order to illustrate the advantage of uniting the Treasury and a bank-say a Colonial Banking hands together. - . Yours, &c.; Old TnüEPEKsr the Gross. 