METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. _(From th» " £tP¿rj>oo! ¿Ufon, ¡tty 91.) If you hare tears prepare to shed them now : 1 -tears of laughter, to wit, which should How into that appropriate lachrymatory, the porce ¡ lain beaker presented by prescient gratitude of expectant tîmc-sèrvera ta P.ilmerstdn'u member for, Wells, Sir Goodenough Hayter,,and which vessel may also serve as cinerary urn' for tho ashes of the calcined Whiggery of Cambridge house.' Bat how describe what has happened? The ghost of Joe Miller might turn paie, or, being a droll spirit, turn red, at the thought, which can find no adeqate expression in words. Doctor Roget, in his "Thesaurus of English Phrases," gives as 9ynonymes of risibility a ca- taracts of "comical cracU-jaws, all very well, no doubt, in a medioval vocabulary, but obsolete now ; for if you want to convey the rib-tickling est, side-splittiogesf, núdrift-burstirjgest, ca I chinnatory.convulsingest notion that has entered mortal head in modern timesj you call it " Cardwell-motion." That compound noun adjective is now the embodiment of hyperbolical hilarity. Rabelais'is dull and. matter-of-fact beside it, for Panurge and Pantagruel are com- mon-place creatures'contrasted with the right honorable members for Oxford and Northamp- ton, who swallow their own canards, a thousand times more' difficult'of digestion than wind- mills and church'-steëples. Planché and the Brothers Brough may take time by the'fore- lock this vear,' and enjoy their Christmas holt : days in the dog-days. Cardwell hasj>rovided ! them with such materials for burlesquc'extrava ganz«.as,haven't been available since the birth bf Mother Goose and the funeral of Whitting- ton his Oat. . It is only necessary to throw the incidents of last night into dramatic form, chop the speeches into dialogue, and the thing ia done. Cardwoll's countenance also is the very mirror to reflect the sentiment of the scene ; quizzically epic, like Mount Ararat always on the point of being brought to bed of a particu- larly ridiculus mus ; fitting- offspring of tho rattiest , of rats, a'Peeltte accomplice.of Bow ring's Bottle Holder.; Yeh, verily thou art avenged ! As ¡ soon would the Chinese Com- missioner this moment give private audience to a conclave' of alligators in' the Hooghly as Cardwell confront the clubs of crocodiles in Pall-mall. Curious crocodilos, no longer wail ing, but waggish'; and no wonder ; for the sight of the solemn author of last night's dismal drollery must be enough to- set the whole Tic Douloureaux Hospital tittering at what has eclipsed all the- absurdities of Sibthor'p . and the Parliamentary Merry Andrews that ever made geese of themselves in St. Stephen's penn. But what is' it .all about? About! Nay, what not about? It was about the last thing anybody would, could,. or should have ex- pected, or than could be believed by most people when it happened. All the Parliamen- tary world of London gobbled up its dinner soon after fashionable breakfast time yester- day; and whisked off ? to Palace-yard,, where everybody else had Apparently already arrived, and was much too busy with itself to take notice of its neighbours, with one excep- tion. Who was' that? You shall hear. A chocolate- coloured'' chariot, claret-coloured' horses, mahogany-coloured liveries, and a cedar-complexioned owner, with Everton-toffey coloured unmentionables, rattled up to the en- trance'at Westminster Hall, and1 alighted. At sight of the embrowned apparition cheers rent the;welkin, or at leastfrightened several spar-, rows in the.vicinage ; and as a London spar- row has thé impudence bf a Scotch'vultureyou may suppose the shouts weren't exactly in'the sotto voce nightingale 'strain., Who is1 the illus- trious arrival What manner of man is,he ; what like ? " Like himself, and therefore unlike all else of the human race beside since the salad days of that remarkable vegetarian, Nebu chaduezzrt, of whom .he is' a cousin, .only .a considerable number'of times removed. Of course it is Disraeli ? - Of course it is ;-who else could it be ? AU the leading peers and commoners of England ; mon with Cara«tacus among their great-grandfathers and Boadicea among their great-grandmothers ; Civis Ro: manus himself, who had Lady Godiva, ribbon less though from Coventry, for a progenitrix ; archbishops, princes of the. blood; field-mar- shals, ex, and double-ex, and triple-ex lord high chancellors ; fellows with more acres than lin irá in their he'ads br wigs, and rent-rolls as long ns the sea- serpent;-all, all'passed un- heeded by, as though they wero so many Smiths , Browns, Joneses, and Robinsons. Yet, lo ! the cashless Caucasiun Cugliostro is greeted with acclaim {-¡the Coming Mun loom1? in the shadow of the oak-dómed hall of the Red King, and, behold, tho British' many headed monster opens its hydra-throat, and gives laudatory tongue I » Here be another realised chapter of the romunco of Vivian Grey in the marvellous bio- graphy of the author; and more astonishing than any chapter ; for mob-popularity is not among the ingredients of tho imaginary adven turor's acquisition of eminence. Oh he glided, noiseless as a tortoiseshell cat' on amatory thoughts intent, hottsotopwards. Abstracted as though in a reverie among the pyramids, while alive ns wokefulest-ofVweasles to every vibration of the throng: his eyes seemingly fixed on the ground, while thero wasn't a spider dining off a bluo-bottle in the roof-tree that ho didn't cover at the first peep;-he made his way to his place. A minute observer -and you know one such-^-might perceive a faint glow on that sepulchral cheek, tho tre- mor of unwonted agitation beneath that asbes- tos-tinted waistcoat, [typical of the flame and incombustibility of the ardently ambitious but. seemingly icy owner.") Knew "he what was about to occur? Of course he did;-what doesn't he know ?-for what but knowing Pal- merston, which is knowing everything, could havo made him what ho is ? The same know- ledge will keep him what he is, as ho and P. are perfectly aware. That mutual understand- ing is tho true source of tho collusive puis- sance of both ; for, without it, tho pair would be like any other pair of'adroit unscrupulosi ties, ignorantly active, boating the air, angling in fishless waters, and greenly thinking that the thing soemingly aimed at is really tho thing sought. 'What, then, after all the squashing and crashing of charaoter, after all the bathos of Cardwell and suicidal puerility of Lord John,- is thero still a political futuro for the ox-Prèmlor? Thero is: -more powerful than over, bocauso of tho very rpasons that'soom to render it impossible. This is paradox; but what has all that has boon said in this Gossip these six years on tho samo sub- ject, and all tho subjects pertaining to it, hoon but paradox? and wherein has a single point boon unrealised thus far? Thus far !-thon there ls a farther?/ Yes, tnuoh ; as much fur- ther as 7ö . oah proceed ; nn4 when Fato em ploys instruments chronology is indeed but an old almanack. Look at the paragraph going the rbundr this: Very dáy--rÉiyñdliu'ratí $G, Lord Sinclair 90, St. Vincent 92 1 -Why-the- Broad lands ban tum is but a pullet, a mere chicken; the shell is hardly off* his 'tail ; his comb and spurs are only budding. He ' is three times as strong as' ever at this momenti because' the House of Commons and the Executive are three times as degraded, stultified, debased, and paralytic as ever before. In that weak- ness . has ever . dwelt the' secret of his strength. . He ''.is tho Dalilah to Samson Bull ; shears the tresses of the poor tipsy somnolent at will; yet tickles (him, the I while, with assurance that there is still the jaw- bone of a Jerusalem Toxopholite-a very good gejeond best-at his disposal. However,, all this is Hebrew to the Gentiles; so-no more of it now; save a request that you will make a note of it, à ia Capt. Cuttle,'like a cuttle- fish, with ink, for reference. hereafter, when the in- evitable-Viscount shall have manipulated his present treasury tools for future opposition uses ; and the Noodles and Doodles, now in despair because of the Cardwell catastrophe, sholl be in paroxysms of : merriment, like the infantile family of the Little Old Woman who lived in a shoe, as per particulars iii the nursery legend. Well, as wo were saying,'Coningsby came in, and sat down, and said nothing, and looked as if butter wouldn't melt in his mouth, unless served up with the native- artichoke. The house waa crowded as house was never crowded j.before; for the 656 members theoretically sup; I posed to constitute the faithful Commons, 653^ must have been corporeally present, counting Sir John' Potter as one whole M. P. and thc moiety of1 another, figuratively speaking, and a notable figure, he m. Then the Peers, having risen early, rushed in en moase, many of them .unconstitutionally encroaching1 oh the privi 'îeges pf the popular assembly by usurping places that woutd.have' iri other days consigned them to the Sergeant-at-Arms. But what have tho Commons tO'conserve now, and why make a fuss about the shadow" when the substance has gane? Helots court the stripes they haye forgotten how to resent.- Derby sat in tile mèmbors' gallery fronting^ Msraeli;-the king; gazing on tho viceroy over him. Before he went there, however,- Iiis; titwiar majesty had had three*words with the real sovereign minis- ter, as to the way.in which'the-proposal to per- mit Cardwell to blow up-his- own mare's nest should be received, and it seemed to have been arranged in»'a .twinkling;- Yeti- was it an arrangement of exceeding difficulty. The con- tinence of Scipio was more' latch-key luxúri [ arice compared' to the self-control requisite to1 keep within modesty in this supreme ' and calumniating moment "of 'all the dreams of Disraelistn.; England, India/ Lords;" 'Com- mons, Cabinets . in esse;; .Cabinets : in posse, press, public,', everything, ' everybody, at' the feet of the ex-Jew attorney's clerk of Bevis Marks, who*has1 been perpetually lam- pooned these twenty years as a coxcombical charlatan for, whom it was almost too,much honour that penny-a-liners should' treat with occasional- seriousness!' There was ai spec- tacle! Talk of England being a prosaic country. Why what ie-there in the Tales of the %&enii; like this Arabian Knight's entertainment of himself at our expense? What wonder if he should, swell and expand and dilate and overspread and swallow' tip the House, like the enchanted helmet in the Càstle of Otranto' ¥ He atone had dared everything, and done it because he dared.' Ruperts senior had turned' tail; Ruperts junior had .bolted ; wild elephants hail' tamed down to tho - condition of educated mules at the 'American circus, boggling at a strawy but ' ready to fly over a five-barred' gnte : Walpoles deemed dissolution another dreadful joke bf the/ihilitia-enfranchiaement order,.and haw-hawed to-conceal consternation; inland First Lords of Admiralty thought it was a playful allusion to Davy's locker ; and hummed j "Down among,the dead men," and ''.A<liniral Hosier's. tin ost." Uut tue aesconaant ot ino Witch of Eador evoked the spirit of his sephar dim fathenj,' and cried to buttle. The soul ol Hayter shuddered at the sound,'like the'Greeks in their ships at the shout, of Hector, Sir Good enough's Achilles being indisposed to any other encounter than'fighting shy, and divers Levantine'mercenaries being'ready t/» act as patriots trained-to. look after. Number One generally do on the day of reckoning. ^Rupert rallied, and decided on a charge, all the more headlong now to make up for former hesitation. This night week the die was cast. " No sur- render" was the word sent forth next morning. Joline and Colonel Taylor took it up, and swore like troopers with delight. Secretary Hamilton didn't., because it was Sunday, and he was afraid of tho Ro- mans; but lie swore in italic next day that, iSxeter Hullite though; he was, and believing, like a charitable' Christian ns he is, that lus Catholic countrymen will bo provided with per- petual posthumous' gridirons, ho would go through purgatory to obligo any Papistical gentleman that wodld vote against tho Protes- tant Jesuits, Cardwell and Company, and the Durham Lettor scribe, Lord John. Bowyer vciwed hy the toe of Peter'and tho crozier of the Cardinal, that, for tho sake of Bomba at nny rate, ho would blaze away in thirteen lan- guages, if necessary, at tho old fire-brand- of Europa : while The O'Donoghue, true to his Tipperary instincts and shillelagh name, was only too charmed at tho prospect of a skrim mago to stipulate for terms, his sole anxioty heing that they ) might begin to knock each others brains out in peace and quietness without loss of time. Hamilton said this should be the case, and thereupon tho Milesians screeched an eternal friendship on the spot. The example of the Irishry spread, and the rumours of defection by Monday night becamo dreadful. What was to bo done? Old Napier, who so often served Palmerston at a pinch before,, was put up-of course with violent-make-believe to tho contrary-to stop tho debate by consuming Tuosduy night in a jabber about the navy, while Hayter exhausted all tho latent electricity at the International Magnetic and Submarine Offices in telegraph- ing for every mother's son that over had a sistor-ln-law's aunt's nephew among tho Whigs, to come up and vote, or bog, borrow, or steal votes If they had none of their own. All no uso. The death- note of dissolution had gone forth, and horror of tho hustings wrung" heart and pocket of slippery senators. Thoy reeled in tholr prospective saddles, undissolved to jockey tho whip. Every hour tito thanes foll from tho doomed cause ; and when Graham sat down, on Thursday night, nftor macadamizing his tri- umphant path with tho bones of brokon repu- tations among his "noblo frlonds," and his: " right honourable friend tho member for Ox- ford cit}'," it was felt that tho Derby dilly was tho only possibia stato couch till tho cad of ' 185 S at »«y rate. No doubt tho O «tram cor- respondence came in good time, and gav'-6 gpea< éclat to the victory ;. but it would have been ¡'ic -tory, without.;- and that victory, is due to T)\i raeli alone ; for. he alone declared from first to last for dissolution. It was with this consciousness, then, and well \ knowing that his nominal chief and his colleagues and many others were aware of it, that he rose Inst night, after the miserable ?j mummery of Cardwell affecting coyness as to the abandonment of his imposture resolutions, and spoke on this the crowning occasion of his life.. He spoke well, but. not very; nit quite as could be wished. Muting a'desperate effort at coolness, he was not altogether collected. J Wanting to say a great deal, and to say it pitli ' ily,'he gurgled like an over-full bottlc-.and wasted ? nearly; half as much as he poured out. How- ever, he did not err on the. score of taste, which, with all his genius, he so' frequently does, and came to.an end without exhibition of arróganos. .But, whén he sat down, .'it, was easy to see that he was glowing with tho .irre- pressible pride of success, Though impassible as Talleyrand, grave as a/tpmb- stóne, solemn as a sphinx,. phlegmatic,as a Dutch-herring, by dint of self- restraint, employing this manner as an. auxiliary to his mystery, he. was now elated,beyond disguise. But ùa.dèfinably so, except so far. as a notion can be gathered by saying that self-satisfaction, seemed to exude out of him at all pores, boot-tops and hat-crown .included, precisely Hke Peel; after having ex- hausted all the printing-offices of the letter I. itt a three h mrs' use of the first personal pro- noun, though his satirist,arid successor certain- ly cannot be charged with that sort of egotism. There will be high revel held ¡rr Hughendon hall this^Whitsuntide, in honour of all this business ;, and meanwhile it is being; celebrated with something like poetical and political justice by á now edition to-day of, the «,« Life of Bentinck,-'' by way of setting both Bright and the. country. gentlemen wondering whether, after all, the member for Bucks is not Mephis tophiles, as oöe of tho religious newspapers-in the interest of Shaftesbury says is. the fact, vouched for by its own spécial subterranean correspondent. Speaking of Bright, he;- next.to Disraeli, has been the dominant figure' in t'toe whole of this .weird scone, and> indeed,- ho its the dominant ¡figure in Parliament at tho present; moment; being almost the Warwick of the day. Ho has. risen immensely, in; inflhence,. amd is every day developing higher and higher attributes, and commanding greater and' greater deference and> admiration on all sides; which has- had such an- effect on1 Potter and Turner of Manchester that another three, months of it will drive them1 tu turn Ethio- pian- aeronaders, for which they appear to be specially qualified in some,remarkable' particu- lars. ' Bright's speech, on-Thursday night, was so excellent that its èfibet wasvin- no way im- paired by the splendid subsequent' one of Grahamj-and: higher praise it is impossible to give. In a. purely Parliiiment'try sense- it was perhaps his very best, and exhibited'traits not discernible in any of his other addresses any- where. A-more polished prece of irony is pro- bably not to be found- in tho whole armoury of Parliamentary cut and thrust than this hinge through a crevice in the enemy's harness, at a vital point of morbid amour jwopro beneath,, námely-after alluding to the world being as- tonished at the fact of great statesmen actually dining together, fl will soy nothing'of the viands eaten, or of the beverage drunk from the loving cup that went round. One-of tho oldest and best of beverages was that ' hepenthe, drink of soverayne grace, devised by gods ;* but that drink was given to the wise who had arrived at that timo of lifo . when they waro- prepared to fatso their place with heroes in another suhero. It could not be that liqttor which filled Übe'flow- ing cup ; for these ancient and wise statesmen were determined to cling to this world, and to mix in all the contention and turmoil of poli- tics." If he who said this were to mtike badin- age an occasional "indulgenco,-it'isn't jokes of the Old Old Hat or Isthmian Game school we should have palme cl upon us for Attic humour. The bruce of prc-Adamites who- were thus spitted on the Quaker's rapier remained, the one itrimovablo, as is his wont, the oihor wriggling like an impaled cockchafer, os is his won'. Yiiu never can tell to what,, if any, extent Palmerston feels allusions to his patriarchal longevity. He never appears- to notice them, always passes, them by in silence, and lcavos you entirely in tho dark as to his emotions. But there is negative evidence that he is sensi- tive ; for no one would ever guess, from any retention he makes of his own experience, that he was a grown up man before the grand- fathers of several rather used-up individuals now about town woro born ; and we also know, from the pertinacity with which the wits of Holland House used to pursuo him with shafts of drollery concerning Cupid and tho gooso, [tailor's,] that ho was sore exceedingly touching his appearance of youth agos before he became a Juvonilo Whig. But now he is os stoic as a druid, impenetrable as Stonehenge on tho sub- ject. Not so Lord John, //e lias a father-in law alive, and therefore considers himself as a stripling in tho ring; and at any insinuation to tho contrary bristlos up like a middle-aged Fronen waiting-woman at being suspected of having taken leave of her teens. Ile will never forgive Bright this cut; and hts throat to de- fend himself on another point la3t night [which he didn't attempt todo] is proof how keenly he has felt the hit. . Another most telling coup of tho mombor for Birmingham, in his old, not hts now stylo, wat, his chastisement of tho insolonco of tho small- er officials of tho late Government in rogurd to the treatment of members on private busii ness, and the like. 'This carno homo to many, and tho yell of rejoicing resentment that broke forth, proclaimod tho number and tho bitter- ness of the recollections of tho flagitious griev- ances on that hoad. While this was being said, Wilson was violently shampooing that portion of his mfrôntis whoro tho bridge of his. nose ought to bo, but isn't. Ho was tho great offender. His airs (graces ho didn't attempt) at the reception of deputations wero so intoler- able, that every man who ontored tho Treasury chamber when ho was thore used to come out with a spasmodic twinge in tho sinews of tho right log occasioned by a suppression of tho impulse to kick tho anti-Ohosterfioldean funo tionory throe times round tho room and finally out of the window. AU tho essen co of all tho Jaek-in-Offioo genius was oonocntmiod in him, with a snobbishness exclusively his own. Ii isn't that ho was a Barnacle, trying to look two, with his spectacles. Tho first Barnacle, like a sacred personage who banished toads and serpents from tho potato-fled portion of hor Mtijosty's dominions, " was a gentleman, and carno of docont pooplo," and all his oiroumlo outionary progoriy partake of tho nnobstral palitcm. Motootor, a Treasury Secretary tn ? particular bas always, before Wilson's time t been a sort of pocket-edition of the whole) ? code of red-tape etiquette; and not merely . the patronage Secretary, the whipper-in, Who is" expressly appointed with " an " eye "'to" ftiaviler in modo acquirements, but tho Business Secretary also. And why not? What nre se- cretaries invented for but to do the disagreeable for their principals, and to do it so that it shall appear to be the reverse ? But, then, yon can't fabricate a silken porte-monnaie out of heaving apparatus of an antique feminine porker. You mus-« have the requisite material to woik upon, and hr Wilson there wasn't a grain : but, instead of befog abashed by his destitution, he rejoices at it, like the man who thanked God he knew nothing of fine arts or any other combustibles. However, there is an en'd to him and his tribe fora long,time'to ¡ come ; and that in itself has gone a long way to reconcile oven advanced reformers to tho infliction of a Derby Ministry as incomparably " prefunthle to the expelled one, "which- had hum- bug and bluster and blarney at one extremity, anda" vulgar burlesque of the two first, and original counter-skipping, waspishness,- at the" . ? other. . . - .' ' Fox, not C. J. but W. J., has somewhere said that tho unacted characters are the finest' in Shukspoarev and Mrs. Hemans sings that unknown heroes are the greatest in history, though unmentioned. On the same principle' tho unspoken speeches in this debate are thes best, Fox's own perhaps included. Bulwer ap peared to have, a presentiment that ho would have to keep his, and "'What Will He Do With It?" is doubtless now distressing him equally as .what will be.done with the offices Ellen borough's resignation will have caused changes in. All the time Graham was speaking on Thursday, Sir Edward, who sat within one of him, [Boeotian Bentinck of Norfolk between,], kept staving in his faco, and shrieking " Hoar, hear," which ho pronounces " yawhr, yawbr," with the voice of one-and-twenty-shilling poul- try, as the wags of London Tavern call guinea fowl. Tlie Netherby Knight felt the compli- ment from the last of tho Barons,- and directed a good portion of his address right into his left ear,- which was benevolent, os- Pelham isas I deaf os a post. What post? Colonies, Aduai avtlty, Duchy,-War, Cannon Bow,. Woods? Yes, Hvoods,- but meaning thereby timber, that is 'slick,-singular stick. Some peopîe'say the best possible post would be Cresswell's Divorce Court,- for then the infirmity of hear- ing on one side would be no disadvantage, as it is-only-one-side he wants to hear in such, cases;-at least in'hts own case, by which he* .would judge cvory other, after the manner of Bluebeard.- Sb says his own bono of.' bone to- day, for the five hundred and fifty-fifthtiroe of saying so, in her "'photographic novel,"'us she calls VfiO ' WorW and his Wife, or---a Person of Consequence: And photographic it assuredly is-a terrible- fae- simile of several " persons of consequence ;" not " pictures- of Nothing,- and very like," as a comi- cal connoisseur . has said of Turner's paintings ; -but real daguerreotypes^ It is the liest, and much the best written, of all her*por formances¿.and'should certainly give the.law yors a good deal to do in'moving for writs- nisir unless Campbell's Press Act has shut up-that branch of business- The hero of the book is - a dog, and- a-very sad'dog too; not a bipedal, but literally a quadrupedal one, called Tatters,, i which becomes- tho plaything of a great func- tionary in Downing-street,.where much of'thè I plot is luid, and many of the personages-of . which locality-ore turned out, that is, inside out, with exceedingly small disguise, for-- ottr inspec'ion. But they must stand uside till next week ; by which time we shall know perhaps whether her worser half is to bo a-Poer of tho rcalm and Ministor of tho Crown. If so,.the first item he will have-the pleasure of paying for will bo a-coronet Tor. his spouse; fdr of course she will- forthwith order one from-Ros Itell and Hunt's; mid who will say it is not an absolute " necessary " /or a lady of title, though she laughs [like a hyena, or hyenëss] at tho* title, and at him in right, or in wrong, of whom r she will sport it ;-spox*t to her, death to-him, therefore conjugal. CANNING TUB " EXTBIWIIN.ITOH."-Another " procla- mation" from Lord Canning which btu j mt readied this oountty serves to show the folly und wiokedncBtt of fiord Ellenborough':) wanton otlaol upon him yet moro foro bly tlion the previous-character and sorviees of the Cover nor-Genoral bad alroudy dono. A moro effectual oom mont upon the famous despatch of the late I'resitlunt of the Board of Control could hardly have been penned. Innoceut of all knowledge of the injustice about to ba irifliotuil upon him, Lord Cunning has ununnsoiouvly written the best possible vindication of his ohmtioter in hin letter to Mr. Alexnmlur, Commissioner of Rohilaund. [n thia document we find tho sumo evjdonoo of a natu, rully kind and clement di-ipusiiion, almost disposed to rebel ngsinst thc cruel necessities of atntem nship whioh formerly oppoared in the instructions and orJers issuod by tho Government ot Caloutta. It ia oouceiv-d in the carno snirit which hat all al ng animated the Governor-G'-nernl, and wbioh drew down on his hond BO much virulence andsuoh outrageous abuse from the mercantile community ' of Calcutta, maddeued with fear, and sn much vitupi ration from those who in this country wero thirsting for re- venge. It proves oonolu8ively Hint these olonionrors h d not bi>on obie to divert the ohjeot of their malice from his steiidy purpot-e ! end that his " policy of conflsoa ti in" was no- concession to their vindictive feelings, hut n thoughtful »nd Bt itesronnliUo proceoiling, ahnnt the mann. r in wbioh wise mon might diflVr nnd did dif fer, but which no man les-i rediles» and headstrong than Loni KUonlwongh oould bixvoso ehiirnotrriai-d. By tba langunge held towards the people of P.ohilouud wo may interpret tho wor dings addie-sed to the landed aristo- cracy of Dude. Wo sea that Lord Cnnnhig is »'ill what lie always wa»; still loaning to tho side of moroy, when pvor mei OT omi hn iniulii consistent with- jtistioo nnd with duty; still determined to Uisregnrd'the ferooious ary for venguanao of thosri ornund him, nnd- still Unaware I bet it is possihle fir his wornt ouorolriH to.aceus.' ltira of ex nggerated severity. A mora stinging reproach to tho nulhor of the i isolont oonstiro recently sent out to Lord Canning than this document coiiveys coti'd hardly have*. hwn devised. lt is in itself tho most oompleto answer that oould be given to that i'OB.intob, wbioh hnd not iiriivod when it wo« written, lt is only tn bo hoped that the latalndian Miuist.ir undihis colleague* may be autTU oinnily susoeptiblo to feel tho fulru>ss of tho, condemna- tion tims pronKiioeil ; at nil events, it is hnrdly likely Unit'they will again venturo to ohorgo Lord Canning with tyranny, or to roven to- their former imputation nf "whul"8»lo ootin-ention" »nd tho like.-ifanafii«t«r Guardian. , A DitAVB WOMAN.-Mrs. F*gin, wlfii of Captain Fagan, of the Engineer-, J.iUlnnilfiur, had not pnsso<l.' a single night out of her own house; nor on tho eventful night nf tho outbronk would shu leave it. In tho oomp iund was the trensuro-ohost of the Eng'noors* departmi nt, iinlnr ix S.'poy guard. On tho first Hounds of the firing. Mrs. Figan weat out to tho Hnvildnr nf tho guard, nnd told him there, wero only women and obildrnn in tho house, .and, whatever might happen, she plaond their livoM lo his hand». Ile said to her, " Qn in, and shut »ll tho doors «rid windows, and put out all tho Ugh ta. mid tia lint Buffer a singlo porson to enter tho honsoi nnd T will answer (or your snfoty with my own lifo I" Ho uuuid not save thu Govoinmont triiosiive, willoh thc guard lindar him plundered, hut ho fti'fllled his pledge lo nor j ind nn tho following morning M ra. FaRon arid her family were glvon up uninjured to tho Europenn patrolling porty who hail ooma in snnroli of thom. For thia aol tho llavildar roaeivert hi» well-moritud promotion. Ib6 foiirloss Mrs, F-trian, now, alas I a widow, is a Hvin« witness to tho ollVot nf bnlilnpsfi and confidence oven 0» I mutinous Senova. .fllttpftu'ôoiï. ^ 