KNIOKERBOKER ON CRICKET. " And speaking of . Doesticks', here are some thoughts of his ' Upon seeing a Cricket Match", » hich nlthough now .'some three moons wasted' (having been during that ttmo,time in type), will,' nevertheless, provo accep- table, to'our readers. But hush, it is * Doesticks' who speaks ;-- .-'..'. " I have heard a great deal about <he manly sports of . Merry,England', and have always had a great respect for experts in the athletic games of the Britishers Cricket has been specified as a game requiring the greatest possi- ble quickness of eye and activity of limb, and I have here- tofore looked Upon it as a glorious sport, full of intonso though innocuousexcitement. In my lamb like innocence I h'ive always, until yesterday supposed 'cricket' to be a diversion, an amusement, a pastime, and nothing but ocular demonstration conld have convinced me' of my great mistake. Two famous ' Elevens' were to play n match at Hoboken ; crack men on both sides : heavy bets i sporting world all prophesying grett things ¡ re- solved^ to go t did go ; am disappointed, and, I may say, disgusted. Crickot is not a game ; it is a popular fallacy to suppose it is i but it is a solemn ceremony performed with the greatest seriousness by deluded Englishmen, who think they are having fun. Fun I -. A cricketer has no more appreciation of genuine fun than a dead jackass has of a facey hornpipe _ Grim are the cricketers, and; desponding, smileless. dejected, forlorn, and bilious. The Pilgrim Fathers holding an out-door prayer mooting on a side-hill, in four feet ol snow in the middle of February, were a gay set of jolly dogs compared to these rueful cricketing Englishmen, ont for a doy's pleasure. A New York murder trial, or a Kentucky hanging match would be a roaring farce hy tho side of the sportivo tragedy of thone two crack . (slovens'. The ghost of Hamlet's fa- ther, and the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talking over tbrir private malters at midnight, by the light of blue Are, would lok quite gay and festive when likened to tho Hoboken crioket ground with a match in progress.' Cricket 1 - well, hereafter when I want synomquo for all that is intolornhly dull and stupid, I shall say, Crioket. When I want to express a grand climax of spiritless de joction, I shalt remark, Cricket. When I desire to say of some men against whom 1 have a mortal spite, that is a grim-visaged, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, and flat I shall simply call him a cricketer, anti then I shall dodge. And- if any. man accuse« me iu a like manner, I shall take out a warrant for defamation of character, and sue him for maliciously damaging my reputation to a huge extent *' I wont to Hoboken with Dampliool, who. although an American, li n cricketer. He told me I would seo great sport. Ont to tho ground, bestowed myself under a tree, while Damphool went to the club-house to attire himself. Presently" he appeared again, dressed in white flmnel from head tn foot, Ile lind a jockey csp un his hesd. and buskin slippers on his feet, dust bon ru tho pam» commenced be tted a bed quilt on each leg, and I put on some leather gljves. Than tho people took their pl ices, and the men who were nut bowling all took the same position, with their hands on their knees und their chins elevated at an angle of forty-five degrees. Then the h m pi re cried out ' play', then the howler, a disheart oned-loofcing men, took up thu ball, which wns as hard as a brick, and threw it with all his might at the lugubrious individual with a two-handed pudding- stick in his grasp who stood in front of some lirt'e sticks which were stuck in the grouud like an unfinished hen-coop. There were two melancholy bowlers, two drooping batsmen, and two unfinished hen coops. When the dejected mau saw the ball coming be made a poke nt it with his pudding-stick, but he didn't hit its then he sadly rusted from his la- bour*, while a numbai- of doleful men on the other sido wearily sought f>>r tho ball. Then the other bowler, with a sad countenance, threw the ball at tho other gloomy batsman, who made another dispirited poko nt it with his pudding stick ; this time he .hit it ; then ho ran towards the other hen-coop, and thu. man at his end ran to his hen-coop. The marker pot down ono raaik for hts side; ! then they nil rested in desponding silence for five minutes during which time every body religiously kept mournfully j still. 1 expected to bear some ona lead in .prayer, or ! begin an exhortation, ur commence reading tho Burial ; Service, or some inspiriting thing of that kind ; but no one volunteered any amusement, and prefy soon the ! downcast players resumed the mysteries, of cricket There j was more.throwing nt.tho hen-coops, and. pretty soon jone was knocked down'. Then the batsman, who ought ito have stood before it and stopped the ball, with tho bed quilts on his legs, was declared to bo'out', Then be. retired discomforted, while the rest of his eleven set up n dismal groan. Then Dnmphool went in and took tho pudding-stlok. Then the grave mari went in and throw the ball al Dampbool. Damphool poked at it'manfully t then he ran for the other . hen coop. The bed-quilts on Dnmph ioI'B legs interfered with his speed, and ho didn't iget along very faßt i so the' min,pensively t"Ok the hall and knocked down Uatuphool's hen-coop ¡ then Dum pbool was 'out'. \They persevered In. this jocularity until (unset, nt which time the, funereal state.of things carno to on cud. Then tho eleven whoso pudding-stick men had made the most journeys between tho hen coups ' were declared to be tho winners ; then they untied bcd quilts fromitheir legs, took off their flannels and went home. This is all there is . in the game.of cricket, lt ?may he a very hrisk /amusement for s imo. mon, but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure ride tn a buarec, or going to a doion pedestrian funerals for a day's plea- sure, ns of participating,in tba ploomy ceremonies of cricket for-the sarrio length, pf time."-Knicktrinker Ala-, graine. . :_ v ' ? . 