Tho Independence Beige states that n young lady living in Hanover, has beon tcotenced by a court of that town to pay a tine of tivo francs 41 /or having worn a dress which occupying the wholo breadth of tho pave ment, Is nn obstruction to the public way. When Kvo brought woo to all mankind, Old Adain called her wo man : : Bat when she woo,d with lovo so fond, He then pronounced it woo-man. But now with folly and with prido Their husbands' pockets trimming. The ladies are so full of whims That peojdo call them whim-men. A V ah.v.-I r'-wrmbot our S:ia* ('»?ay, n q;:fier fello-.r, a c i t s r (?{ iiio -vuiM, win;, ' I; :n hourd u tr;i\ 'liar's tab:, .tlravs r!iiti:»:;! in with 'mj-« ii'Otf o.ir.i .r-innr; r.til! Such .v. thin : Did V t! ,-»v LM)tn II,.' !!-„ !. v Mf.untiiiil'- 1 Well 1 IW.MU-; r.', lliit'. Vou in:,y I,- ; ,.t v M! dt-n't know tliu worlu. :-») c.v.nt' truti: *.i,-.re, »«ud m mv younger dayawe used often to talk about an old uncle that wns living there about a century ago. He was n crack fd/ot, and when he came down to see grandfather, brought a pirticul&r; long gun with him. I thought 1 might as wull gu ar.d sec what they hnd done with tbn old man. Well, do you know, thnt district ir ho remark ably healthy, high up in tho air, that people never die. Tlioy get old uud shrivelled, nnd loso their faculties l*rc ty much, and then the neighbours tie them up in a sack, and ticket them, and bang them up in the church. So when I got to tho place I wmt to tho church, and asked the man that had chargo, if he knew whnt had be come of my old uncle, Tho man said bo didn't know, but if I would come along with him, we'd see. So wo went round and examined tho sacks, a precious lot of them. Sure enough there was my uncle's name on one. So tho inan asked me if I wished to speak to hitn. 1 tohl him I wanted particularly to do it. Well, he took down the sock, nnd inside there war. my uncle as dry as a mummy. 1 f e put him into warm water and after a while the old man hc^au to open his eyes aud sneexe. At last, says, L Well uncle, can you speak ; and ho *aid ho could. So I began to chat with liim about our re lations. The old tnaii presently tired, and began to yawn. Say* he, if you have anything particular to ask about, I gue.s* you had better make ha«te, as I am getting tired, ot.tl want to be hung up again. Well then, uncle, nays ? s..r jim mow vrnai oecamo oi a particular long gun you used to have. Look. Buys he, under tho thatch at the north west corncr of the house and you'll find i'. '1 banket', uncle, say* I ; nnd we tied the old man up again. Well, 1 found theguntnnd loadid it witliH pound of powder and Mx pounds of shot. In my country the pigt.ons are -o plentiful tbdt, unlrtt you drive them away they e:»t up all the grain. Si-inobody has to go out every morning tn shoot I hem. Well, I whs anxious for my turn. So i g »t up very early, long before daylight, and I laid the tuu along a fence, junt to sweep the fiel 1 ai l thought I M-t dow n to wait for morning, but somehow ftdl n-U-ep Wh«'n I wol;»% thi» ground was literally phutfiod with pigeons. Rut the gun swept just over th ir head*, and 'twa-« no imp firing at them as thfy Inv ; but l thouglit that was no great matter, «-o made Ttady. Hallo ? hajR I, imd up they fb;w. 1 lit 11 y, but th-1 hundredth of a second too Lite. Not a bird di.l I kill, but wc picked up two bushels and a h.df of legs aud feet on tlie ground. Pereki Ti. v Cool. — A wnggt-h friend of ours tells the following, which uc do not mut-iuber to have Seen iu print: — A ctrlaiu m.in, mIiiIii will call M ?? -? ? , was noted for possession greu* eournge nnd pic-ince of mind, and tho cros*e«t wife in the neighborhood. More than one attempt had been made to fright-n M ? without success but oiip dark stormy evming one bis brother chip*, resolving to fee if there was any scare in him, fixed himself up in the mo-t ghr^t'y style possible, nnd Nt itioncu ntiuKtlf in a lencly picco of noods tbrough which M ? had to pass on bin way home. The pre tended ghost had scarcely settled himself in his position, when our h-ro hove in bight, and came whittling alorg unconcerned a- tibial. Sudtlenly the ghostly tigure ion fronted him. and in a sepulchral voice, commanded him to stop. M ? did so, and regarding h«s companion for a moment, said, with the utmost coolness ' I can't stop Iriend ; if you are a man, I must reqtir-'t you to get out of lily w.ty and let mo p.us : if you are the devil conic along and take supper with me. I married your sitter 'i' 