METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday, December 12. A SATURDAY'S sitting of both Houses the second week of the session is in itself a coup d'etat enough to astonish the ghost of the " friend of forty years, if that once perturbed spirit be susceptible of such emotion touching things terrestrial just' now. At a quarter to three Mr. Speaker's bell rang for prayers; at fourteen minutes to three the Premier was on his knees, getting an example of punctuality, if not of piety, to all the young Papers of Tadpoledom, although at half-past two he was in Cabinet Council, having transacted nobody knows how much miscellaneous business concerning all corners of the earth the preceding half-dozen hours, he not having left Palace-yard till after two o'clock in the morning. Capacity of this kind for work is super- human. No wonder the work transacted should be supernatural, in virtue perhaps of so much of it being subterranean. There was no necessity whatever for his presence to-day. What was to be done was of the most routine, formal, mechanical kind possible, and didn't occupy an hour. Three-quarters of that period was occupied in what wasn't worth three farthings, at an extravagant commercial computation. But there he was, from beginning to end ; with the exception of one particularly significant three minutes, when Great Globe Wyld, with an eye mayhap to the issue of a new map, got up to ask the noble lord if, after the recess, he really meant to do anything with or for a place called India. The noble lord, seeing the coming pop- ping of the question, popped out; and Sir George Grey had to pop up, and say that his noble friend did not happen to be in his place at the minute, but that-? ah-why-really, as to India, and that sort of thing, why, when, after Thursday, the 4th of February next ensuing, then, in that case, and under such circumstances, we should see ah, why what we should see; but that, in the meantime, why what would be just as well to say nothing about what we, ah-shouldn't see and with this explanation he trusted the honourable gentleman behind him would be perfectly satisfied. The honourable gentleman was perfectly satisfied, for the perfectly satisfactory reason that he couldn't help himself. A letter ensued, which expanded into a laugh, as the noble viscount walked in again, and listened, with all his ears, and very remarkable ears they are, in fact as well as figuratively, to the momentous disquisition between Mr. Robert Lowe and Mr. Augustus Smith as to a light- house at low-water mark on one side of the Bay of St. Ives, and a lighthouse at high- water mark on the other side of said bay, for the convenience of Cornish sprat-catchers. This was just as important as any thing else that was said or done, and one would think the saying and doing of such might safely be left to the discre- tion even of a cabinet of " appendages." But no. The First Minister will be first and last, head and tail, Alpha and Omega, and will trust nothing to anybody that his own eye can over- look. The only variation in the proceedings was the proceeding to the Lords. Spooner was in the midst of a currency blue-book of a thousand folio pages, more or less, reading it with a gusto as though it were the Jesuit Sanchez's a Treatise on Matrimony," in re Maynooth, though not listened to with quite the same relish, proving that somebody had said a one pound note might, could, would, or should be worth twenty shillings in silver, whereas it ought to have been one sovereign in gold, the difference being most material, because ? ? " Black Rod '" shouted sergeant-at-arms, and up the floor, stiff as the buried Majesty of Denmark armed Cap-a-pie, strode Pulman, commanding the faithful Commons to appear before her Majesty's commissioners, and hear what they should hear. The faithful Commons, giving a quaff at the squashed Brummagemite, tumbled into marching order with a readiness and regularity far greater than when they have to meet the monarch in person, and this was the more remarkable from their number, for there couldn't be less than a hundred nearly all Ministerialists to a man, as nearly every man is now, and every woman and child too. There were no leading Oppositionists, the front row of the Opposition ' being actually filled with retainers of the Treasury, so as to keep the Cabinet Jupiter more effectually in countenance, two of the most prominent of these newly placed curiosities being his old thunderbolts by land and sea, Evans, through whom a crown was given to Isabella of Spain, and Napier, who served as like instrument to like end for Maria of Portugal. De Lacy is the only man in the House of about the same age whom Palmerston doesn't put to the blush on the score of apparent juvenility. Indeed, the old soldier looks even younger, by reason of his bushy crop of coal black hair, luxuriant enough to serve as a perpetual advertisement for perruquean Ross and Sons, who are always announcing " another fine bear slaughtered to-day." But the General is far less lively in the legs in that particular the Viscount distances all comers ; none can go the pedestrian pace with P. To-day he of course led the van in the march to the Peers and as he stood, once more, at the bar, chattering, smiling, nodding, working, he seemed absolutely buoyant beside his own postboy, Argyll, who, though a Cabinet Minister now of several years' standing, wasn't born till ten years after Palmerston had assisted in sending Bonaparte to St. Helena, an event which sounds to modern ears as if coeval with the Heptarchy. The' Duke was one of the only three Ministers on the usual bench, the other two being Stanley of Alderley and Panmure, poor Down looking as if he had been by no means taking care of himself lately, or as if thoughts of Sydney Herbert had begotten a mortification of the flesh, which his spiritual exercises at Exeter Hall had not quite cured. The commissioners were Granville and Breadalbane, and, of course, the Chancellor, their being no other Peers whatever in the House. The proceedings had hardly begun when they were over their whole pith and point being concentrated in the ukase that till the 4th of February we must be content to wonder how it comes to pass that Yeh continues to wear his head on his shoulders, when the present Parliament were elected solely to take it off. Back to the Co among the great un-commoner led his flock, and put on the most attentive air, while Spooner, resuming the thread of his dreadful discourse, spun away with the remorseless pertinacity of Miss Destiny herself, looking very like a witch without crinoline. But there must be an end to everything sometime or other and at last, Spooner ceased, nobody having the faintest notion what he had been talking about, except that it was the interpretation of an inexplicable speech the night before, and therefore, of course, infinitely more difficult of comprehen- sion. But, indeed, most of the speeches of last night, not excluding Card well's model address of that sort might be included in such category, the majority of the speakers succeeding only in its proving their own premises, and then voting against what should have been their natural conclusions. Mr. Horsfalls-was-one of the best reasoned, and very effectively spoken, though imperfectly reported, as indeed most of the others are also, currency, except in the most restricted shape, not being among the speciali- ties of stenographers. As to J the worth of argument either way in influencing decision, of course it didn't matter twopence and if Government had deemed that a five-shilling piece should pass for three half-crowns, the majority would probably have been about the same and we should have had, as we now have three Barings voting with the ayes and two Barings with the noes, by way of showing the unenlightened public what unanimity prevails among the owners of a name assumed to be oracular on matters affecting the commerce of the country. Thomas Baring's presence in the minority would seem to put a negative on the talk about his partiality for the " accommodation principle ; but then, when we find Hudson on the same side, it would be rather too much to draw the same inference as to motive, for it can't be supposed that George has any insuperable antipathy to the facile circulation of autographs when inscribed across oblong pieces of foolscap, with an inland revenue impress in the left hand corner. Gladstone and Disraeli turning into the same lobby foreshadows something looming in the future of finance more nebulous even than a Palestine or a Puseyite mystery ; but a note of special import indeed deserves to be made of the fact of Sir W. Codrington, tutor of the heir- apparent, voting also in the minority. The " standard " of value must, of course, be a primary precept with the prince's preceptor and for the future sovereign to understand " what's a pound is a point of prominent importance. But can Codrington solve that unequal equation? Does he know that unknown quantity A Dis relish and Gladstonian and Baring pound isn't a Palmerstonian, Wilsonian, Cardwellean, Hors fallean, Gurney-Hankey-Glyn pound. Which is which in 1857, and which is to be which in 1858 ? Which is which in 1857 is answered by who's who in 1857 and if we knew who's to be who in 1858 we could answer the other matter also. Sufficient for the day, however, is the monetary muddle thereof; so let us leave the Bank and the " best " at peace, and pursue the two-legged, instead of the pecuniary, problem. One peculiarity about last night's division was | its being the first in which the new sub-whip, Brand, figured in place of the old one, Mulgrave, now his Excellency, Governor of Nova j Scotia. This is the unkindest blow of all at the Blue Noses. Where is Judge Haliburton ? Out of his Sam Slick wits with indignation, whatever be his corpore-., whereabouts. Shades of Molesworth, Mill, Wakefie'id, Bentham, and all the rest of reformers, only think of Mulgrave a Colonial Governor ! There is nothing beyond that, and anything and everything else here- after must seem admirable in comparison. In fact, some people don't believe it is a fact at all, but a Christmas pleasantry of the Comic Old Gentleman's to get up a laugh these dreadfully dismal times. Yet what a light it throws on a mystery of seven years' standing. During all that time it was a perpetual puzzle to frequenters of the House to see Mulgrave moping about the lobby, in a sort of indolent fussiness, running, or rather waddling, after Hayter, with vacuous air and morning aspect, no one knowing what he was about, he himself, to all appearance, equally ignorant. Under forty, he seemed threescore ; son of the most picturesquely patrician-looking of papers, he is cast in the most plebian mould of mortality, a fac-simile of John O'Connell and tailors and attitude pluralist the singularities of nature. That this heir of a marquisate should be a subordinate tourer for votes for all these years has been one of the most inexpli- cable of parliamentary phenomena. Hayter's position, the position of a person like Hayter, is intelligible enough. He is cut out for his work; has a relish and an aptitude for it is vivacious, bustling, bullying, wheedling, consequential, dictatorial, patronizing, and, what is more, possesses patronage. He is a puissance, a distinctive power in the state ; knows it and makes others know it too. True, he is a low type of a low order of whip, as compared with Billy Holmes, Freemantle, Sir John Younge, or even Lord Marcus Hill; but then he has a lower order of material to deal with. Parliament is altogether an inferior assembly to what it was even half-a-dozen years ago, to go no further back; for although many coarse elements, or rather items, then abounded, the mass had not sunk to mediocrity a great indivi- qualities elevated the whole and even the extremes joint of the Liberator"s tail had a certain altitude in right of its Titanic head. But now a Parliament of " appendages" is becoming manipulated by a Hayter. Nevertheless, that he should be touched by a Mulgrave, himself . destitute of an atom of power or influence of any kind, without the smallest tide-waiter ship in his gift was an abasement that defied comprehension. AU is clear enough now. Three thousand a year for six years certain ; perhaps for sixteen, if he minds his p's and q's and considering his eye to Number One hitherto, there is small doubt he will do that. Then, too, he conveniently makes a vacancy for another protege as Treasurer of the Household and Mr. Brand steps into his shoes in the lobby. Who is Brand ? Nobody knows. Nobody ever heard. The extraordinary thing now is that many of the occupants of the Treasury Bench are as utter myths to those supposed to be conversant with parliamentary matters, as though they were the personnel of the Pope's or the Czar's kitchen. Time was when to be a junior lord of the Treasury, or Admiralty, or clerk of Ordnance, or judge-advocate, was to be somebody; a secretary of Board of Control was a great man indeed ; and under-secretary of state, or of war, a president of poor-law board, or of trade, or of anything, implied eminent distinction. But now the very messengers behind Mr. Speaker's chair couldn't c < over the names of ministers. Nay, for three months last session it was a con- j stant source of bewilderment to know who were I not ministers, as, for instance, whether Monsell was one or whether he or Cowper was the wrong one in the right place; or whether both were not in the same place the place itself being of equal mystification, namely, the Board of Health. But Brand is the obscurest of all these obscurities and little as Mulgrave knew about anything, he knows less. Formerly even a minor whip was supposed to know, or to be known by everybody, especially of his own party. But now there is no party and such knowledge being perfectly superfluous, a nonentity like Brand, who looks exactly what he is, serves well enough to count noses, without the least reference to the heads the noses are supposed to belong to, if it be not an extravagant hypothesis altogether to suggest the idea of brains under such circumstances. Rather Car j stylish misgivings arise from such, latter-day con I completions, and others not less lugubrious crop up in other quarters. j The DiSraeli organ to-day says:-11t¡is always," a bad sign when a Prime Minister finds it difficult to dispose of a vacant garter. Although the honour is very great, noble lords do not wish to lay themselves under obligations to a Minister unless they concur in his spring ciples or strongly support his personal claims. Two dukes and one earl have certainly refused the glittering insignia of our highest order of chivalry, when recently tendered them by Lord Palmerston. They have appeared to think that such an acceptance might be interpreted as an act of infidelity to their particular connexion ; yet one of these lakes is the head of an illustrious old English race that, in late years, has been particularly steadfast to the Whig connexion. These rejections of the garter, with the circumstances of Lord Har- row by being in the Cabinet, and Lord St. Ger- mains receiving a high appointment at Court, along with the fact of the Jewish Disabilities not being taken up by Government, have naturally caused much animated observation." The only two ungartered graces of Whiggery who answer to this description are Somerset and Grafton ; Norfolk can hardly be included,' for many M'Neill and other reasons. But as regards the earl, so circumstantially alluded to, the whole fabric of the legend breaks down, that is to say, in respect to motives for declining the proffered dignity, he being none other than the Premier's stepson-in-law, Shaftesbury. Why did he decline ? indifference to worldly distinction, insensibility to mundane ambition ? Nothing of the sort. A more ambitious man is not to be found in the dominions of Victoria Regina ; nor has there been one of more pertinacity in following out the promptings of a soaring spirit since the days of his audacious ancestor, Anthony Ashley Cooper, the Achitophel " a name to all succeed- ing ages curse," of Dryden's satire. What then is the reason for rejecting the crowning guerdon I of decorative eminence? Why the very un chivalrous bar of £. s. dear impediment not recorded in Froissart, but of potential significance in Hansard. Does being a knight of the garter entail more profuse living than being an earl without those consonants ? By no means. If it did, what should we say of the Duke of Buckingham's position ? But to get the garter, in the first instance, involves an outlay of some £1500, in the shape of fees to the King. What King, Bezo nian ? Why the King of Arms of course : besides Clarenceux, Norroy, Portcullis, Rouge Croix, Rouge Dragon, and all the rest of the mercenary mediaeval vampires who prey on the pockets of the benighted. But all that couldn't come to half £1500 ? Yes, very nearly to half; but, then, you are to recollect that this half is the lesser moiety, the greater being absorbed in the purchase of the blue velvet mantle, or the success of crimson velvet, the head fixed to the mantle, or cap of black velvet with an aigrette of heron's feathers; the collar of gold, composed of twenty-six pieces made to resemble quarters with the badge of the order, (figure of George and the winged crocodile) pendant from it and the garter of blue velvet, with a little koh-i-nor in the knee buckle ; beside the lesser George, as it is called, attaching to a blue ribbon passing from the left shoulder to the right hip. All these combina- tions mean an aggregate of money, the demand for which is not one of " Shaftesbury's characteristics" to comply with, and he very properly doesn't. True, | we find in those mysterious Parliamentary papers called " civil contingencies," the uncivil est publications issued, that the public are fleeced enormously in all sorts of outlay for these very paraphernalia, including " repairs of collars for the knights, and repairs of silver kettle drums," blown and beaten while the knights are being dubbed. But all that doesn't seem to diminish the pecuniary ordeal of the investiture one farthing to the martyrs themselves; for the peculiarity of red tape arithmetic is, that the more it appears to cut off at one end the more it tacks on the other and the upshot is that the real elongation of the bill is considerably increased by the apparent curtailment. The same consideration that has weighed with Shaftesbury may have influenced Newcastle, who is said to have likewise been pressed ; but it cannot have affected the Master of the Horse. Wellington, who, as a great officer of the household, and the husband of a great court favourite, should have been chosen long ago, had he cared about it, and that he doesn't care is certainly surprising, and ought to be distressing to the minstrels who whilom sang of " old" nobility." Apropos of the chief warbler of that strain, his brother, Duke of Rutland, unmitigated Tory though he be, is said to have been almost mesmerised by the great magnetism, and to pronounce for Pal- ' merston, whom every one is apparently determined to have for a friend, and who is certainly determined to have every one for his friend, and will take no denial. The other night, for instance, after his Arms Havelockaue cane JBaiad, he was rebuked by a verdant member named White, on the ground of not being sufficiently epic in his tone, and romantic in his largesse. The summary of the scene, as given in the Premier's morning print, is in every way unique, data and a description, namely-" Mr. White j indulged in sarcasm as regarded the Russian campaign compared with the brilliant march of English troops in India. Lord Palmerston ad- j ministered reproof, characterising Mr. White's remarks as founded upon ignorance, and unworthy of an Englishman." Thereupon White replied that he didn't mean to blacken Black Bottle or any of the Balaklava band of back- I evers ; whereupon Lord Palmerston rejoined that such an observation was highly creditable to his " honourable friend, if he would allow him to call him so." Honourable friend to an utterer of remarks unworthy an Englishman ! Civis Romanus this indeed. But friend he is resolved to be with everybody. It was so with the unadorned when " arbitration" was proposed and it will of course be so when the Cobden. lieutenant, Milner Gibson, takes his seat for Ashton, on the 4th of February, by which time also Bright will be in his place, and that diplomatic Joseph Ady, Bowring, may expect to hear something to his disadvantage, though it must be confessed, that the plenipotentiary has improved in the estimation of influential personages here since the arrival of his outlandish eleven, the two Siamese Kings' three ambassadors, concerning whom, or rather whose hats, at the opening of Parliament, a promise was made here last week to say something this. The first thing to be said on-that head is, that the hats are not hats at all resembling nothing ever beheld on the pericranium of a human being in these latitudes, Ferouk Khan himself not excepted. The Siamese estimate of the importance of an occasion seems to be indicated by the circumference of hat; and the opening of the British Parliament and the presence of the British Queen being, in their opinion, matters of a transcendent moments their 'hats expanded to the most unbelievable dimensions, equal to the roof of a respectable cottage homes, and a tolerable picnic might take place beneath" it without inconvenient crowding. These roofs eclipsed all other covering, whether of coronets or robes, and fascinated majesty itself in the midst of the most impressive portion of the whole proceedings-a circumstance of which the owners of the Asiatic skull-gear were perfectly conscious; for they looked as though they felt, or at least wished to feel, their hats widening like the tent of the fairy, Pari Banou, which could accommodate a squadron of cavalry, and collapse within a snuff box. These most peculiar plenipotentiaries are said to have crawled in quadrupedal fashion into the presence of the Queen ; but how they contrived to dispose of their hats in that attitude is not recorded. Probably the chronicler of the Court Circular didn't feel equal to the delineation. Without their hats they would be shorn of nine-tenths' of their consequence, and, therefore, be proportionately unequal to honour the British lion. The inference, then is, that they kept on their hats, which would have been extremely convenient, enabling her Majesty to laugh without wounding their amour propre. difficulty she is reported to have been sorely tried in getting over. That she retained some very hilarious recollections of the presentation was obvious from her manner when on passing through the Royal Gallery in the House of Peers, on Thursday week, she recognised a swarm of the minor members of the suite, [a most ill-looking unwashed wholly hatless half Lascar set,] ensconced in a particularly eligible compartment by themselves; and, turning to the Duchess of Sutherland, she made some re- mark which caused her grace to wax audibly mirthful, and the vaccination became contagious with the other grace (Wellington), who upheld the other side of the royal train. The Princess Royal, who was just in the rear, missed the point of the joke, whatever it was but it didn't much matter for she was seemingly in too great a tremor to have much relish even for parental pleasantry. It was her first appearance in public, and she seemed to be labouring under a decided visitation of stage fright, which had scarcely passed off on her return, for she was pale as the white rose in her hair. And pro- fuse and beautiful her hair is therein increas- ing the likeness old spectators saw, or fancied they saw, to the Princess Charlotte, on a similar occasion, the year before she was married, long long, awfully long ago, when her grand uncle, Leopold, figured as a dashing hussar in all the print sellers' windows, and even Henry John Temple wasnt much older than his present President of the Council. Fabulous times those appear to have been yet it is much easier to believe the incredibilities reported of them than what passes under our nose every day. 