POLICE OFFICE. FRIDAY, AUGUST 6. (Before the Police Magistrate.) 'Thomas [all was fined 10s. for being drunk and disorderly. i Richard Warmsly was lined 10s. and Bridget Farrand 20s. for being drunk and incapable. Margaret Brown was brought up on a clharge of larceny. Discharged. (Before W. Gunn and R. DoLittle, Esqrs.) MASTER AND SERVANTS ACT.—Edward Parker sunmmoned Henry Readinh for 21\. Is. Sd. for wages. ' Plaintiff safd the defendant engaged hin to do some lathing and plastering; plaintiff worked 3.1 days for whicl he.expected to receive Its. per day, when on applying for his wages ile fenldant told him le had made a great mis take and that lie was to be paid according to the work he had done. The defendant said Ihe engaged the Ilaintiff to do two ceilings at a price per yard and would pay him on Imeasurellent of the work accordingly. The Bench considered tile bargain was a very loose one and awarded 11. is. to the plaintiff. Costs remitted. ASSAULT.—-Maria Figetts summoned her husband Charles Ligetts for an assault. Complainant said her husbandl came home on Wednesday evening week and com nmneced kicking her and then dragged her by the heels into tihe road; silhe gave bim no provocation and was sober at thle time. Mr. Byron Miller appeared. for the de feudanut and proved by.a witness, lHenry Burrows, that the complainant was drunk at the time of thi alleged assault and that defendant otily pushed her out of the house, and told .her to go and.get sober where she had got drunk. The Bench dismissed the case. ANOTHER ASSAULT.—John Miller, Pat- tersot's Plains, summoned Patrick Daly for assaulting him by spitting it his face and calling him bad names. The dcfendant denmied spittinlg in plaintiff's face or speaking to hnm ; hadl only spoken a few words to plaintii's wile. 'The Benchl considered it a most trumpery comptlint and dismissed the case. John Miller, the sarno complainant, prayed for sureties against - Pent, for that he had used threatening language to wards him (defendant) and threatened to shoot him. The defendant said that there was not one word of the complainant's evidence true. Tit Bench ordered him to be bound, I himself in his own bond for 161, to keep the pence forr,threoe mogltls , FORGERY.—John Ashby (Ashley in our last issue) was brought up on remand and fully committed for trial on the charge of uttering a cheque on Mr. James Pascoe, Carrick. 'The prisoner pleaded not guilty. Mr. Pascoe was examined and proved the cheque to be a forgery. Wm. Allen[sby] father- in-law to the prisoner, swore that the cheque was to the best of his belief in the prisoner's handwriting. The prisoner declined making any statement. LARCENY.—James Wm. Netherhurst t was brought tip on remand chlarged with stealing clothes on s [ouday last the pro. r party of WVIu. Jennings, ostler at Mir. Lord's coach stables. Prosccntor said, onl Monday afternoon the prisoner weont to the coach oflice and said lie had beon Srecounendled to Mr. Scott to get a job at the stables. Witness told himu, als Mr. Scott was not is the ofltce he could go to the stablles and help uan (witness), h widch he did. P'risotnr helped witness some tite anI d thenl wOat away. Next morllig witnless miissed his clothes, and I gavoihnfornaition to the polico, who ascer t altned that the clothes had been pawned at Mr. Israel's, and fron the description i received D. C. Rose pproehended prisoner. Mr. Israel swore to the prisoner being the man who pawned the clothes; he (the Sprisoner) gave the name of Marshall at the ,time. The bench ordered tile prisoner to hbe removed to Port Arthur, and held to hard labor for 12 mlonthes. STATISTICAL SECTION.—A paper by the ltev. John Clay, II.D,, Chaplain of thp l'resloa IHouse of Correctioo, L On the RIelation between Crime, Popular Instruc tion, Attendallce on Hellgtons W?orship and lleerhouses,' was read. The author conmnenced by stating the diflieulty of comparing the criminalty of various cous ties, owing to the custom prevalent in large towns and thickly-populated dis tricts of dealing suninarily with cases, which would olsewhere he mode subljocts of Indictment. In speaking of educatlon, lie remarked on the good effects of the intercourso between the wealthier and poorer classes, resulting from the active hprt taken by manuy ladies as Sunday school teachers, and expressed his regret that young men were not forthlcomin il greater numbers for a similar obloct. 'T'ables followed, showing thle proportiois in the several counties of attendanta at religious worship and at schools, of crimi nals, sand of the number of boerhlouses.. Froam these tables ho conceived that the following conclusion might be drawn: "It is manifest t thathe mount of crime in a county mainly depelnds upon tlhe number of low drinkiing-houses which are sutflered to infe'st it; that our present system of popuhar education is of little or no ellicacy in saving the itndustrial classes folom the moral darngers created by those drinking-thouses ; and that the dill'uslot of religious principles (as tested by the attendance on religious worshilp), which secils most deficient in dinsely-populated counties, has not been pr'Omoted by the Suttnday School system, or other popular systems, to the extent which tlheo friends of those systems can consider satisfactory." A NEW CALCULATING MACHINE.— The French A-ll? ilrur gives some interestinug particulars of a mnew calculating mnaehine -front which we exlract the following passages :-"l" . Tnlomaus, of Cohnar, nhas lately rondo the fluishing imnprovemlents in the ealculating imaclline, called the aritltlonimeter, ait whitch lie ]las beeni workilng otr upwards of thirty years. 'Pascal ano Leibnitz, in the seventeenth century, anud i)iderot at a later period, cadeavoured to construct a machine whlich moight serve as a substitute for huiman intelligence in the cotbiat'on of figures ; but their efforts failed. iM. Thomas's nrithmometer may be used without the least trouble or possi bility of error, not only for addition, sub. tra:ctio, miultiplication, and division, but also fur tmut0h more complex operations, suech as tile extraction ot a square root, ilinvolution, the resolution of triallgles, &c.; A multiplication of cight figures by eight others is made in eighteen seconds; a division of sixteen figures by eight tigures lt twentty- four seconds; and in onl minuteli and ai quarter one cal extract the square root of sixteen figures, and also prove the accuracy of the calculation. The 'ill/thmomrler adapts itself to every sort of combination. As an instance of the wondcerful extent of its powers, we may state that it can lurnish in a few seconds products namunting to D9,JD999,D,, OD9, I) 99DD, , D99, I)9D9,D,99 ,g99. A marvellous number, compalrable to the infinito nmltitndo of stars which stud the firmament, or the particles of dust which flooit in the atmosphere. Ti'he working of this instrumcnt is however, most simple. To raise or lower a nut-screw, to turn ai which a few times, and, by imeans of a bilttn, to slide oil' a metal ptlte from left to right, or from right to left, is thi whole secret. Instead of simply reproducing the opera tions of a mau a intelligence, the arith momietcr relieves that intelligence from the necessity of maliig the olperations. Instead of repeating responses dictated to it, this instrlmnent lnstantaneously dictates the proper answer to tile nlau wlho asks it it a question. It is not inatter producing material eflects, but matter whichl thinks, reflects, reasons, calculates, anld executes all the mnost dficult and conmplicated urith nlctical operations with a rapidity and infallibility which defies nil the calculators in the world. The arithmiometer is, moreover,- a simple instrumoent, of very little volume and easily portable. It Is already used in many great fnlancial establslhmuents, where conaidcrableeco nomy is realized by its emnployment. It will soon be considered as indispensable, and be is generally used as a clock, which was formerly only to be scott in palaces, and is ntow Iu every cottage. VISIONS OF A DYING CHILD.—I was greantly pleasedt, says 1)r. Thomopson, " with a little incident a miother gave eia the other day. A child lany dying. Peel. ilg Ilnelsnal sensations, she isai, "' Mamma, wlhat is the matter witht mnc" "My clhihi, you are dying." " W\rell, nuitinmi, whatit dyihng ?" "'l you, mny deal chilbtl, it is goitg to hIeavoe." " WIhere is heaven ?" "It is where Godi is, and Christ, sand the hloly Ghost, auid the ungels, iud the good nlle muIade perfect." "Bit, lianluma, 1? aiu not nacquainuted with any one of these, and I do inot lilke to go tlone ; wonl't yougo with lme?' "Oh, Mary, I enunot. Gold has called you only, slot nm now." Turnling to iher father, sle aslcd tihe saeno qestouins. Theni piteously to ach, of hier brothuars and ilstlers sheo repeated tihe samne Intorrogatory iand received thie same response. She thlen fiell iito a gentle slumber, from wlich she iwoko in a transport of joy, sayilg, " You leed not go with male, I culi go aloUo. I liave beeo there, anid grandmamnma Is thore, iud grandfatharls there, and AuntMartha.' EAST INDIA RAILWAYS.£4,231,000 is the total amnount of the estimated outlay of capital required for tie six lines of'railway in three Presidencies of India, and the total amount of capital now issued with the SCompanly's" sntction is 28,14,8a0oo. for tihe East Indian line is required 12,781,0001.; for the Eastern Blengal, 1,000,0001.; for the Madras, 0,000,0001.o for the East Indian Peninsular line, 10,000,0001.; for the Scinde and ]'unjal, 2,500,0001.; and for tile Itomlbny, Ilarod:I, and Central Indil, 2,000,0001. The total iumber of persons registered as proprietors of stock (or shares) of and above 2,0001. in these six lines was at latest data 2,010, atd 108 hold 100 shares and upwards. T)heo East Indian lino is the only one in whichl any of the shares havo been con verted into stock. SERFDOM IN RUSSIA.—The Zeit of Berlin announces thlat in flive more government districts of itussia, namely, Orel, Woron. esch, Kursk, Kasan, and Pultava, have the nobility declared themselvos reatly to adopt the new nrrangemnct of tlhe relations Ihetwcen omaster and sort, left open to their choice by the recent ukaso of tile Emperor Alexander. This, together with the six government districts it whlich the samti stop hes already aklcon place, shows tile tnovennbnt to hlav ?already emblraced tihe fifth part of those portions of the empire in which serfdom was still a legal Instiltl tion. After this, it will be dflicult for the nobility In the remainder of the country to resist. -. . , COUNTY COURTS.—Social reforms, which are doing their work, ceonase to be. log to polties : they are never heard of again l i till battlo-field. They belong then to literature. The County Courts have been on their present footiug about eleven years. Few of our readers over think Ihow many poor persons pocket their money ln 1857, who would have pocketed nothing but their wrongs in 1845. Let us take as an instance the district of Glamorganshire, which we choose, because it comes within tile first four on every point in which a return was made for the year 1850. TI'lo iumbor of plaints was 17,1108; the aimount sued was £40,104; there were 805 causes above £20; and tile Judge had 222 days of actual sitting, tra velling at least 200 miles a montht. We isay say, tihat for every pourd of salary which the Judge received, lhe travelled a mile and six furlongs, and -hoard twelve causes. Strike off from the 17,000 cases those which would have been heardh in other courts, say 1,000, tllough this.is far. too much. Say that half the remlninder were trivial. 'his leaves 8,000 cases In Glamorgaslhiro alolte, whlichl the law ouglt to have deciled, and never would have decided but for these little courts. A very large number of these cases are nothing but the old story-a man ouglt to pay a debt and will not, because he can make a profitablo use of tile creditor's monoy. Ito means to pay, but for the pre sent the creditor would much oblige hti by waiting till Monday, &c.;, &c.; The pro cess of tlhe County Courts is bcautifully simple. Case stated: Why don't you pay ? I want time. You shat't Ilavo it: pay directly. Tils is the process in an undc feded caseo of debt. And who is most be nefitted by it? Why, tile unfortunate creditor, surely. Not ulways. The dila tory, cranky man, whose means his neigh hours could rely on, but not .lis habits or Ihis temper, becomes a nlan.ofsound credit under this systema. Io and'the Judge be tween them mtake a trustworthy couplo. REFORM.—What I regard as the just view of the Reform Bill and of tile oppo sition it encountered, is so well stated in an article in the North British Rleview that I cannot foirear quoting the passageo : " Tilhe Reform BIill it is inlpossible to deniy, was a transfer of power and political in flience from the aristocracy to the middle classes. Who now will not acknowledge that tils was a revolution, at the magni. tude of whllicll genuince atriots might well stand aghast, which cautious men might well deenl wild and perilous, which even mioe who loved progress, if they loved safety likewise, might well deprecate and dread I Those who loved the people might not uunreasonably doubt the wisdom of mni trusting this new weapon to the people's hands. No one will now deny that it was a great experiment. No one will deny that in some respects its opponents judged it more truly, and saw further into its con sequences than its promoters. For our selves, we confess that approving it as we did and do, believing It to have been a just, a wise, anld a necessary measure, tra cilg in the main to its socondary influences tie rapid progress of reforms in other lines, we yet see iu it several dangers,.draw backs, and extensive seeds of future and questionable change wlhich we did not see when it was passed ; we acknowledge muchl weight and wisddm in manty of thei hostilo argulnets which at the timne weo scouted as the mere dictates of selfishness and folly; and we look back with something like remorse alnd shale,an t the violenco of our languago, the acrimony of our feelings, the inmperfection of our philosophy, and the shortness of our vision. Weo wre blind to much that our adversaries saw; we were obstinately deaf. to many repro. sentations that ought to have been listened to with deference and profit; and if the thing had to be done again we should act with groater.lnodesty anld temperance, and far loss collidence, and far more misgiving. -Earl Grey. AMERICAN FAILURES DURING THE PAST YEAR.—The London representative of the American commercial agoency of IMessrs. Tappan and it'Killop, established several years ago on the principle of a trade pro tection ofice, to keep a register of fitllutres,' and to answer inquiries froutn subscribers as to the standiung of individual Ilouses,lias issued a statetcmeint of the Iercantilo casual - ties of .tthe past year. Front this it appears that, out of' 227,048 Amnlerican firls reported ot tllelr books 0022 ftlled during the twelve ilontlls, and that of these failures 741 Ihave been totial or fraudulent. The aggregate loss from the iitter is estimated at £4,000,000,. The debts of tile ronlminig 5281 are supposed ti bc toe u than £0,000,000, on wheltic the aiverage dividcnd will not exceed 40 per cent. In thls case, therefore, tile lose will beO30,000,0001,, mnakilg th total 34,000,0001. The list does ntot iucluda any house that htas Inerelyuusked for time, nor any rail road colpaniecs, banks, or other public nudertakings. As in Now York and severtl of tihe other pricipall states tllere is Ito bankruptcy law, nor anythingatalogous to it, the larger part of this sum has been squandered wvithout tihe slightest account bi?lity beinsg enforced against any pnarty. With regard to the present condition of busioess there seems to be still many dilm sullies to be aurnmounted, and weak firms to be swept awny, sineco the failures re ported during.tho month of January were 040, against only 10 in January, 18607, OUR SUMMARY.—As the homeward mail closes next Thursday afternoon, 12th inst., our issue of that date will contain the monthly summary of events for trans mission to England. 'The terms for Summary are 6s. per annum, paid In advance; and for the convenience of sub scribers it will be forwarded direct to any address left at the ofllce. Ti prevent dis appointment tie number of copies required should be ordered early. POLICE AND GAOLS.—We rejoice to learn that the timely remonstrance of the lion. the Colonial Secretary on the part of the present Government to the authorities connected with thie Convict Department, in respect to the burden of police nod gools being wlholly thrown on the colony by tile withdrawal of the contribution of thle Lome Government, has resulted in the Britielh Government continuing their aid to the amount of £G000 yearly. It cannot t b be satisfactory to find that the claim of the colony has been acknowledged to this extent. We understand, however, that the concession was made irrespective of the resolution of Parlilment on the ques tion, which, we may hope, will obtain for tile colony a more complete measure of justice.--Couirier. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.—We have received from Messrs. WValch and Sons the Southern Spectator, No. 1 vol. '2, and a lecture de livored before the Evangelical Union at Hobart Town, by the Rev..Georgo Clarke. The price of each Is one shilling;-both may be obtained at Messrs. Walch and Sons. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.—The list of unclaimed letters addressed to the interior of the colony for the quarter ended 30th June, 1868, Is published. THE WIZARD JACOBS.—This celebrated magician has arrived from Hobart Town, and has taken theil theatre for one week only. ART UNION OF LONDON.—The annual drawing for the year 1858 took place on 27tlh April last. Tile following Is a list of tile principal prizeholders in Tasmania: Launceston-J. G. Jennings, a prize va lued at £20. Ilobart Towu-II. Barrett, a prize at £16 ; W. G. IBeaunlont and A. Garrott, a prize each, £10; W. Cahill. a porcelain group, Venus alind Cupid; W. Patterson, a porcelain statuette, "The Stepping Stones." COLONIAL MEAT.—We have seldom seen a better exhibition at one time of colonial fed beef, mutton, lamb, &c.;, than that Mr. Tankard presented to the choice of IlIs cns tomers and the public this morning, at his shlopin Charles-street. The lamb, from the flock of J. D. Toosey, Esq , Cressy, was par ticularly good. POLICE OFFICE.—Saturday, August 7.— John Robinson was filled 20s for being drank and disturbing the pence; John Branigan, for being drunk and incapable, was fined lo0s; Jane Jones was committed to prison for one montha as au dle and dis orderly character. WAR OFFICE, MAY 7. - 99th Foot— Lieut. Joseph D. Molson to be Instructor of Musketry. TASMANIAN QUARTZ.—The Rev. W. B. Clarke of New South Wales has addressed a letter to the Courier in which he says:— I have received a slip cut from the Courier (No. 3,417), reporting a speech of Mr. Barnard, at a late meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmania, in which it is said "there is a remarkable discrepancy" between statements respecting the proportion of gold found in certain specimens of quartz as given in my reports to the Fingal Gold Committee and the experience of Mr. Bland as to the quartz at Clunes. It may be satisfactory to all those that are inter- ested to know that I took the utmost pre- caution to prevent mistakes; that I marked each specimen submitted to Mr. Hodgson with a separate letter, and that I have kept a duplicate specimen and memoran- dum of each. The duplicates I have also marked with the results reported by Mr. Hodgson; so that, at any time, the identity of the samples and the professed results can be tested. If it be true that at Clunes no specimen of quartz producing gold at the rate of l½ ozs. per ton can con- tain gold unless it be visible, all I can say is, that other experiments made in this colony by myself, by Mr. Hale, and by other persons, on the quartz of different localities, have proved that the quartz we operated on is richer than that at Clunes. MR. FARQUHARSON.—This well-known vocalist, since the close of his entertain ments In Hobart Town, has visited Frank lin, Port Arthur, Richmond, Brown's River, New Norfolk, ,Brighton, and Green Ponds. fle is now on hissway to Lauuces ton, givilg entertainments at Oatlands, Ross, and Campbell Town. On Monday, the 16th, he will open the theatre for a series of popular entertainmeits for one week, which, Mr. James E. Kitts, his agent, informs us, will positively be his farewell of Tasmania, which he leaves for India immediately. RUSSIAN GUNS.—The Courier states, upon the application of the Mayor of Ho bart Town, on behalf of the citizens through the Government, for two of the guns captured in the Russian war, the Secretary of State applied to Major General Peel,who has Informed him that he has ordered two of these guns to be handsomely mounted with a view to their being presented to the colony on Her Ma jesty's behalf. SOCIETY FOR THE PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. —The annual meeting of the sup- porters of this scoiety was held on Friday at St. James's-Hall, Piccadilly; the Arch dislshop of Canterbury presided. The report stated that the number of the friends and supporters of the society has increased ; its receipts -exceed those of any preceding year, and the field of its operations hos been enlarged. On the other hand. the society ihas been subjected- to trials such as it never before had proved during the century and a half of its existence. Tihe society acknogledges with heartfelt grati tude a considerable augmsentatlon of In come during thoe years 1857. The general fund amounted to about £80,000; the special fund to £15,200; and what is a very encouraging sign, there was on increase, under the head of subscriptious and collections, of £5,000 above . the correspooding item ilt the preceding year. The fund for the ex tension of Indla missions (part of which is included' in the receipts of 1867) noWs amounts to £17,000. The society lhas resolved to establish a mission in tile im portant settlement of Vnneouver'sa Islndut. One clergyman has already been appointed. Among titoe promising fields of labor to whlich Itslncreased income has enabled the society' to, vote largely increased grants Is Sputhern Africa., "lIBut," continues the repdi-t, "if theo society has been encouraged by tokes of the Divine favnd god 0esa it has been humbled and chastened by severe visitations. Two of its missions, those of Delhi and Cawnpore, have been swept away; and the blood of their young missionaries and catechists has been shed, but only, as we trust, to fertilise the ground from which a richer and more abundant hdrvest is hereafter to spring. As all aot of grateful homage to their memory the soeciety desires to record their names on its sIlnals. They woere te t Rev. A. R. Hub hard, Mr. Daniel Corrie handys, and 1M]r. Louis HI Koch, all barbarously murdered at Delhi on tile fatal Ilth of May; the Rev. W. Hi. Haycock, and the Rev. i. E. Coekey, who mat a like bloody death at Cawvllpour. More recently, a most Is horlous and devoted misionnary, tihe Rev. Joseph Willuon, was foully siordered by a boty of Caffies while proceeding on foot to one of his stations in South Africa, on Sunday, the 28th of February. lie alone, of all the missionaricas of the society so sud denly called away from his habors, was married. Ho has left not only a young widiow totally unprovided for, but also two sisters in England, whom lie constantly helped to support out of hils scanty mis sionary stpend. The society records these melancholy and awful losses without any fear that the dangers tlht encompass the missionary in heathen lands will deter others floma coming forward to fill up the vacant posts. Our great want at this moment is of faithful and devoted men, and the society therefore calls upon the younger clergy and candidates for holy orders, "in the, hope that God will put it into their hearts to offer themselves firely for missionary work in this most awful and awakenidg crisis of the church of Christ." The re?olutions were moved, seconded, and supported by the Bishop of London, Sir James Brooke (Rajah of Sar awak), the Bishop of Calcutta, The Bishop of Oxford, the Bishou of Cape Town, Sir Stafford Nortilcote, :nd ?ir. Justice Col eridge. The meeting, which was a very crowded one, was also attended by the Bishop of Durham, the Bishop of St. Asaph, the Bishop of Llandaff, the Bishop of Carlisle, the Bishop of Rtipoa, the Bishop of Soder and Man, the Bishops of Jamaica, Guinea, and Montreal, the Dean of Westminster, Archdeacons hale, Sinclair and Bickersteth, the Chaplain-General, the Rev. Canon Trevor, The Rev. Canon Har vey, Prebendary Gurney, the Provost of Worcester, the Master of the Temple, Dr. Macbride, Count Platen, Miss Burdett Coutts, and a large body of the clergy of the established church.-Times, .MAay 17. Mr. Lewis Cohen would call the attention of Diapers, Boot and Shoe buyers and others, to his extenalve sale by auction, of Ihoots and Shoes at the Mart, on Wednesday next, at 12 o'clock. The whole are capital condition, seasonable Goods, and from thie best housas in London, having just arrived per bark "Globe" from London, and can be in spected on Tuesday afternoon. 