frpa--^mmi wi%Ai-wi i"i»i-^M-«?*-i.^-^--? NEW SOUTH WALES RELIGIOUS . TRACT I AND BOOK SOCIETY. j IK pursuance of advertisement, the annual meeting of this society was held last evening, at the School of Arts. The meelingwaa but thinly attended, nor was the platform graced by many ministers of religion, owing, doubtless, to the numerous other religious meetings which were advertised for the evening. Shortly after seven o'clock tho chair was taken by the'Hon. George Allen, president of the society, who called on the Rev. L. Threlkeld to open the pro- ceedings by prayer. The CHAIRMAN then called on the Secretary to read the report, which was accordingly read as below, by the Rev. Mr. KENT ¡ It Is tho privtlcgo of your committee to present to you on this occasion their 3Cth annual report. During the pist year they havo steadily laboured for the dis- semination of Divine truth. Their earnest desires and moat fer- vent prayers have been that, through tho Influenoo of tbo noly Spirit, multitudes should by this means bo redeemed from tho power of sin and death. They roly on the morcics of a faithful God to enlarge the operations of their society ; to inoroaso its use- fulness ; and to make it a blessed instrument in building up tho Redeemer's kingdom. . , , .. Sinco our last anniversary death has deprived us of tho pre- sence, counsel, and aid of one through whoso zealous, Christian effort« this society was planted in tho oolony thirty-six yoars ago, -the late venerable Arohdcaoon of Cumberland. Our loss has been his gain. "Ho rests from his labours ¡" but his works sur- vive b.îm. Of him it may truly bo said that his one aim was to honour his Redeemer in 6ccnlng the highest wolfaro of men. Throughout his publlo career ho throw his energies strongly into the benevolont Institutions of this land. His life was one of dis- tinguished usefulness. And his namo will ever bo dear to all tho supporters and friends of our Bible and Traot Societies, and his memory fragrant in their esteem. " Other men havo laboured, and wo havo entered into their labours." While we sincerely mourno our loss, wo feel that wo must not stand still to lament, but step promptly into the placo of those who have fallen In the light, and continuo tbo conflict with error, sin, and satan, humblv relying upon nim who has sold, " My grace is sufficient for thee, and My strength shall bo made perfect in thy weakness." " Tho fathers, where aro tboy t And the Prophets, do they live fir over! " They aro dead, but Christ lives. He can and will carry on His own work, and to us no loudly says-" Bo thou faithful unto death, nnd I will give thee a crown of life." Of-tbo valuoand importanco of religious tracts, it is scarcely possible to think or speak too highly. What, indeed, It his been asked, Is tbo Holy Bible Itself but a collection of religious tracts, written by inspired men J Moses, tho lnw-glver; Joshua, oap tain of the hosts of Israel : S.imucl, tho Judge ; David and Solo- mon, the Lord's anointed; the Prophets of tho Lord and tho Apostles of Christ all composed religious tracts for tho benefit of mankind. Alan has n hand to write as well as n tongue to speak, and God has employed the pen of tbo ready writer, as well 09 the tongue of the learned to convey a word in season to him that is weary and out «f tho way. Wo have then tho highest authority for writing as well as speaking tho great truths of God. No language can fully describo tbo benefit which has resulted from the written communications which God hos been plooacd to make to min. They have been tho light, tho joy, and the consolation of all who havo attentively and bcliovlngly perused them. David's short devotional trocts havo "enlightened and consoled mil- lions, and the words of Evangelists and Apostles havo Instructed every generation since they wero written. Long before the discovery of printing, the early reformers sent out their little tracts to enlighten mankind. Wyollffo's produc- tions wore the means of extensive usefulness. The works pro- duced hy tho writers of this era were necessarily much impeded in their circulation br the hulklncss and oxpensiveness of the manu- script form in wh-ch they were issued; but the glorious discovery of the ort of printing in the flftnenth century, romnvod this for- midable obstacle to the wldo diffusion of truth, and gavon sur- prising impetus to thoso literary labours which hastened on the Reformation. The sound went out through all the earth-" Let thero be light." Luther oppeared, and through his powerful and luminous publications many millions of people wero brought to profess the Protestant faith. So great was tho Impression pro- duced that an adversary exclaimed In dismay-"The Gospellers of thceo days do Hil the realm with so many of tholr noisome little books, that they be like tho swarms of locusts which did infest the land of Egypt." In nothing is tbo power and Indestructibility of words' moro signally exemplified than in small compositions. Knowledge, In all eros which have been distinguished as enlightened, has boen propogatcd moro by tracts than by volumes. In the 17th century, several tracts aro found of associations for printing and pro- moting tho sale of religious works. In the beginning of the 18lh century, the Society for Promoting Christian Knowlcdgo was originated; and, in the laBt year of that century, tho Religious Tract Society was formed-a society which was able to report, at its lost annual meeting, that It had issued during tho yoar 14,000,000 tracts, and that the circulation of its periodicals wns 11,000,000 : that its grants to various libraricsat home and abroad amounted in value to £3570 4s. 3d. ; that Its incomo for the vear exceeded the receipts of any previous year by £0354, and "had reached the sum of £33,730; and that ita total circulation of books and tracts during the flfty-nino years of Us existence was 782,000,000. It Is impossible to conceive the nmount of good effcoted by the millions of publications whioh this socloty has sent forth in upwards of one hundred languages and dialects, and the extent to whioh it has (under tho Divina blessing) contributed to the conversion and growth in grace of multitudes of tho human total circulation of the anti-Chriitian publications of tho united Kingdom waa no less than 23,000,000; whereas, in 1857, the total circulation of publications of nn anti-Christian character had fallen to 20,000,000, and, during the same year, the circulation of the publications of the Religious Tract Society had advanced to 34,000,000. A quarter of a century ago, anti- Christian publica- tions exceeded thoso of the Religious Tract Society by 2,000,000 . in the past year the issues of this "society exceeded thoso or the anti-Christian by 14,000,(100. It must aleo be remembered that tho Religious Tract Society of England hos called into cxistenco numcroua other kindred aocioties. In Scotland, for example, a tract agency exists by which one man, Mr. Peter Drummond, has been enabled lo distribute 20,000,000 tracts within the last few yoars. The Scotch Traot Society also yearly Issuos publications to the amount of 3,000 000. Tho toUll publlo.Hnna of tl.o AulcllCUU Tlnut Ouulclj »m.«i,t to upwards of 10,000,000 copies per annum, and about 200,000 000 of books and tracts havo bcon printed and circulated by it sinon its formation. ' Your committeo have great satisfaction in Informing you that tho number of publications issued from your depot during tho year, considerably exectds that of any former years. Thoro havo been sold 31,493 books and 327,585 tract«. i1 Freo grants of tracts to tho number of 15,100 havo been mode, and 113 books and handbills were placed at tho disposal of the 77th Regiment on the occasion of their departure from our shores. Tho total of our circulation thercforo amounts to 376,330. During the past 30 years your Society has issued 1,759,920 book s and tracts. , , , Our publications aro finding their way into now and broader channels ; aro being read by largo numbers of intelligent persons, and aro exciting a moat salutary influence in tho causo of virtue and true piety. The larger and more costly volumes hove ob- tained a place in many family libraries ; while the smallor and cheaper ones have gone Into the solitary abodes of multitudes, to convince the unbelieving, to alarm the careless, and to point all to " the Lamb of God that tuketh away the sin of tho world." Various parts of the city and colony aro now regularly visited bv tract distributors, from some of whom wo have received the most encouraging reports. Gentlemen visiting tho interior of this land also often supply themselves with traats for distribution, and by means of two persons on the Fitzroy Diggings a considerable number have been circulated there. Mr. Berney, our colporteur for tho Western districts, writos encouragingly of his success, and Is well sustained In his labours bv the countenance and aid of Christian friends in Bathurst. 'Tho Rev. L. E. Threlkeld reports that ho has vUitcd upwards of 250 vessels, and that he has distributed 5000 religious tracts, in various languages, to seamen in tho hospital, and on board vessels in the harbour, and to other persons willing to receive thora. I Our total receipt» on sales, contributions, and collections during I the year amount to £1921 5s. 5d. I We havo remitted to England on purchase account £110, and I to tho American Tract Society £100. f Many of tho publications of the American Tract Siciety aro po l culiarly adapted to the colonies, nnd all of thom aro as truly evangelical and as reliably orthodox na those of tho English Tarent Sooictv. They meet with a vciy ready salo ; indeed thoy j havo been so 'eagerly sought after by many, that the first supplies | received vero found far from suftlolont to meet tho demands. Our supporters will bo glad to learn that wo havo just received a general assortment of their works, and further supplies may bo expected at an early date. We can confldcnlly affirm that in every book or tract issued from our depot there is some nccount of tho way of a sinner's sal- vation ; BO that, if a person were to seo but one, and never had an opportunity of seeing another book, ho might plainly perceive that in order to his salvation ho must be bom again of tho Spirit and justified by faith in the obedience of Jesus unto death. Every onoofour publications proclaims, in unmistnkeahlo language whatever may bo the subject on which It professes t0 treat-" It Is a faithful saying, and worthy of nil acceptation that Christ Jesus carno into tho world to snvo sinners." Our books and tracts havo been written by men of all ordcis in the Universal Church, and aro adapted to persons occupying ! every station in Bociety. There is nothing sectarian in any one of i them, whilo the essential saving truths of religion will bo found ] in every one of them. | Tito amount of good eflected by their circulation it is scarcely I i possiblo to over-ostimote. Facts of a most encouraging nature , are continually presenting themselves to the miulstcrs uf Christ's i Church generally, and numbors in nil parts of tho world havo i boen turned from darknossto light,from sin to holiness, and from i satan to Christ, through tbo instrumentality of those little mes- sengers of graoo, owned and applied by tho Holy Ghost. In obodienco to Eulo 5tb, tho following gentlemen rotiro from the oommittee, but aro eligible for re-election, viz. :-Revs. H. Darling, J. Egglestone, A. Salmon, Sharpe, Cuthbertson, Ashwin, and Whiteford, Professor Smith, and Messrs. J. Barker and G. Rees. In concluding this report, your comraitto would earnestly appeal to you for aid In the great work in which they aro en- gaged. They havo prayerfully endeavoured, according to tho best of their judgment, to execute their trust, nnd thoy havo reason to believe that God bas graciously ownod and blessed their 1 labours. Tho work is not theirs, but God's. " Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name givo glory for Thy mercv and for Thy truth's sake." . ' The following is a statement of accounts to September 30th, Tho Treasurer in nccount with the Now Sonth Wales Religious Tract and Book Society DR.-To subscriptions and donations for. tho year ending this day, £1344s. lid.; sales during tho year-At depot, £1226 18s.2d.; by colporteurs, £560 7s. 4d.-£1787 0s. 6d.; balaneoduo to Joint Stook Bank, £010 13s. 2d.; ditto due to treasurer. £30 1 GJ. 0d.-£053 9s. 1 Id. : total, £2574 15s. 4d. ^usurer, *.>" Ca.-October 1st, 1857,,to balance ex last report, £131312s. lid. September 3(th, 1858, remittances to London during tho year, £410; ditto to Now York, £100 ; exchango and interest, £89 5s.7d.; printing, binding, and advertising, £24 Os 9d.; rent, taxes, and repairs, £55; depositary and nssistant, £290 18s. lid. ; insurance, freight, and incidental expenses, £71 9s. 2d. ; expenses of col portage, £1818s. ; total, £2574 15s. 4d. G. AVIORAM ALLEN, treasurer; JÄtcl",an^,f?ani.!:orr'!ot' «Jfowitisr halnnoo duo to bank £616 13s. 2d.; ditto to treasurer, £30 16s. 9d. ; total. 654 9s lid. AMBROSE Foss, W. S. MOUTUY, auditors. ' The SÉCRÉTAI« stated that, looking at this report, they would find the balance due to the Bank and the treasurer was reduced by the sum of £653 9s. lid. The Rev. Mr. DRAKE moved the adoption of the' re- port, though he must say he could wish to have learned more of his lesson from the able report laid before them but as a member of the Ohurch of England, he was en- couraged by that report. He perceived m it not only that the objects of the society were noble and generous, but it also referred him to the example of the venerable Archdeacon, who had lately been taken from them, and who, from his eminent piety, waa so fitted to con- duct or assist at meetings like these. He felt, there- fore, on account of the cause and the example hg had mentioned, that it was well for him to be theve. He w»8 »!so delighted to take part in the prooeeùinga of a i society which, from former associations- with kindred societies at home, was dear to memory, dear to all who loved home, and especially dear to Irishmen. There was no society which had done so much to unloose Irishmen from the dark and delusive system of Roman Catholicism. It had done much-to break the letters in whioh the ignorant were buried, and if properly supported, as it was at homo; it would do more. He thought all ought .to encourage this- so- ciety ¡ but they mmt encourage it by deeds as well na words. He knew that here, as well as in England, and in England as well as here, that many assembled to listen to and to applaud the public advocaoy of these societies. Bat their support sometimes ended there. They said, some one made a good speech, some one a good appeal ; but it was not by support such as this that the society could thrive. It could not do so, without each individual, not only with his pocket but with his heart and with his hand, came forward to as- sist in the cause. He might perhaps be permitted to say that he did not think the way of distributing the tracts of the society was altogether judicious. He did not think (hey should be distributed so indiscrimi- nately as they were, but more with regard to the cir- cumstances of those for whose perusal they were in- tended. These tracts were, it is true, showered by liberal hands over every portion of the world, and no doubt by chance many a household had been re- deemed from misery and sin ; many a man had been induced to take the better path, by the accidental reading of one of these little messengers of grace. But still, it was his opinion that they ought to have appropriate tracts. He had felt this when he was coming out to this country. His dear friend, Mr, Davies, the Secretary of the Tract Society in England, had given him a large supply of tracts to distribute to the passengers and orew of the vessel in which he arrived in this colony. "Well, when they started, they all, and he among the number, became subject to thu effects of sea sickness. Of course, then, it was impas- sible for him to distribute those tracts, but as they were recovering, seriously and reflectively reading what religious works they had, then, he thought, would be the time when these tracts might take effect. But no, the hour passed by. He found he had no tracts which would suit the tastes and cir- cumstances of the people with whom he was placed ; and as they got better he found them reading such publications ai the London Journal, Meynolds Miscel- lany, and other similar publications, which he believed to be unfit for the perusal of children or females. It was a great fault-a serious fault, he thought, in the management of the Society, that he did not get some tracts about the sea, and those who go down to the sea in ships, which might have interested those by whom he was surrounded. As it WBB, the tracts he had, excellent as they were in their way, had no attractions. The conversion of Mary in the kitchen, or the traveller on the road, had little interest. The same thing existed here. Whilst, above a'l things, it was necessary that they should preserve the orthodoxy of their religious tracts-that they should breathe of religion and nothing else-yet they ought to have appropriate tracts. In England he had the distribution of tracts amongst 11,000 people, and he hid it pretty much all his own way, for he had noone to assist him. But he found soon that other tracts than those he gave away were distributed, and that so-ne of these were tracts containing infidelity and an attack upon tho civil constitution of the country. He tried _ to avoid this evil as much as possible, but to do this it was neces- sary to have tracts suitable to the circumstances. They ought here to have tracts not only affording examples of piety, and the efficacy of the gospel, but suited, to the political and religi- ous institutions of the colony. He would illustrate his meaning. They had a Mint here, and from that Mint they formed the pure and virgin gold of Aus- tralia, and turned out beautiful coins. He had often thought that the exquisitely printed word " Australia" on the sovereign coined here was more beautiful than the more elaborate coin of England. But was theri to be here no mint but of the precious metal ? Were they not to mint down the ideas, the feelings, the aspirations of genius and gigantio talent which were to be found in this colony, and stimp them also in the touching, eloquent tracts with the name of Australia ? He believed this matter was worthy of their attention, as the storeotyped tract« of England failed in the inte- rest they were intended to inspire here. He con- gratulated them on the report they had heard read of the large and extended success of the society and its prospects of future advancement. He had now only to move that the report be adopted, printed, and cir- culated, Mr. MOUTHY seoonded the resolution, which, waa carried unanimously. The Rev. THOMAS ARNOLD moved the second reso- lution-" That the extensive circulation of the litera- ture which this society sends forth, is most desirable in the circumstance uf this colony, as subsidiary to the preaching of the gospel, and as a corrective to that noxious literiture which exercises so unhappy an in- fluence upon the mind." The rev. gentlemen, after expressing the pleasure he experienced in moving the resolution, referred as length _ to_ the early days of the society, when it issued only the smallest publications, and contrasted the productions of the past with the comprehensive works on various subjects which were now circulated by the society, in addition to millions of traes-all baptised into the spirit of their religion. In the history of the Church for three or four centuries, the progress of Christianity was marked by an attempt to separate literature from religion. This was previous to the Reformation. But after that great event had estab- lished its principles, infidelity arose from the freedom which was then granted, and strove to nil the mind with its teachings. Who could forget the history of that materialistic philosophy which had England for its home and France for its school. Even now, it continued to pervade our literature more or less, but especially did it continne to pervade the literature of France. Our great men, however, had seen how utterlyinoongruouB itwas withthe spirit of their philo- sophy to leave out the anal conclusion of all philoao phy-to reason upon universal principles, to deduce universal laws, and not to see that those laws centred in God ; hence they had shown their desire to gather the best resutts, ana lay them upon God's altar. Even the Edinburgh Review had turned round and was now to be found supporting the first great principles of our religion. The Religious Tract Society hall long seen the necessity of tilting up a prominent position in the field, and she had employed wise and prudent men to write histories baptised in the spirit of truth-showing the connection of universal history with the one great inspired record-how that all other histories were but as small rivulets running into the groat ocean. And so science had been taken up and baptised with the same spirit. Its truths had boen popularised ; its flowers gathered up and formed into beautiful nosegays. And so with the arts. He held, therefore, that a society occupying so prominent a position, commanding such vast resources, and able to enlist into his service so many men of piety and harmony, deserved their highest support. (Cheers.) It was absolutely necessary for the Christian Church to occupy its ground. For a long time, there had been a suspicion in the hearts of Christian men that anything which bore the least phase of romance ought to be kept wholly apart from religion. But this had been felt to be a great mis- take. The greatest of all teachers-Christ, himself, employed what he (Mr. Arnold) would there allow himself to call " the novel," in the expression of his own profoundest truth. He maintained that England occupied a far higher place than France in point of literature. It might be said that the literature of France was baptized with, despair (who could read the production of Sue and Dumas without feeling thtB ?) but with such a society as the Religious Traot Society in existence the literature of England had a cheering hopefulness about it ; and the young mind, in seizing that principle, waa spurred on and inspired, so that the hand waa put forth more readily, and the heart glowed warmer with the anticipated joys. The reverend gentleman then, with evident pleasure, alluded to the extensive circulation of the " Leisure Hour," and the " Sunday at Home," in the iron district of South Staffordshire", and dwelt briefly upon the benefit which had accrued to the population therefrom. He certainly did think that a colony such as this, with all its youth abont it -hardly released from the swaddling bands of child- hood, but yet preparing herself for a great and glorious course-ought to feed the young mind with somethiug that was trnly nutritive. He rejoiced in the association, and most cordially moved the resolu- tion he had read to the assembly. (Cheers.) The Rev. W. CUTIMBRTSON, on rising to second the resolution, was received with loud cheers. After express- ing his regret that the gathering waa so Bmall, the rev. gentleman said he should be loath to think that the colonists of New South Wales, or the Christian men and women in Sydney, had no great interest in the Religious Tract Society, and then proceeded to re- mark that a little time ago an exceedingly childish i advertisement appeared in one of the daily papers, in which Protestants were taunted that their want of unity waa enough to destroy their claim as a true Church. If such a taunt were worth an answer, it I would be such an assembly as this, where they had I united for a common object ; not, however, I being foolish enough to expect a uniformity I on minor points, which could never be gained. (Hear, | hear.) H« aaw on the platform representative! of the Episcopalian, the Wesleyan, the Presbyterian, and the ] Independent bodies, and he made bold to assert that ' if eaoh minister-were asked by a poor sinner what he must do to be saved, each would answer almost in the same words. Here, in a society for strictly^ religious purposes, they joined together without rivalry or jealousy for the dissemination of divine truth. Surely that would testify to their unity in the faith of the Lord Jesus Christ ? (Cheers.) From his experience he knew that there could be no more important society in the eolony, if perhaps he excepted the Bible Society, than the Religious Tract and Book! Society, and for several reasons. First of all, in the position of Christ's Church here, at the present time, it was perfectly impossible that the various denominations could compass all the work God had given them to do without the instrumentality of the society, for there wai not only the obstacle of distance, but also that of language. The Chinese were not altogether without religions instruction, because a young man now seeking membership in his (the speaker's) church had several times preached to his countrymen, but when they got away fromthe city, it was impossible to opprate upon their minds exceot through the medium of the works published by the Bible Society and the Religious Tract Society. He would not, however, argue the matter altogether with reference to foreigners. It was a melancholy thought that many of our Anglo-Saxon brethren throughout the country had no means of attending the means of grace. They ought not to be left without the help the society could afford to them, for it would be indeed sorrowful to find that while the centres of population grew rich in grace, the extremitips were lost in almost the darkness of heathenism. On this ground too he would call upon them to support the Religious Tract and Book Society. He wished, however, to say a few words in reference to the latter part of the resolution. He rather dissented from the view taken by his friend Mr. Arnold, concerning French literature. He thought that the better class of that literature, although it did not rise to a full knowledge of evange- lical truth, yet showed that the ideas of spiritualism were overthrowing the hard,cold,and death-like philo- sophy of materialism ; and he thought the mind of France, with political freedom, would perhaps soonbe oome intellectually and spiritually free. He rejoiced at the condition of England, although there was_ cause for sorrow when looking at the literature which issued from the English press. He had not the slightpst jealousy of the press as a whole. It was a mighty engine that never slumberel, and although from that sonrco many noxious streams did flow, he believed the spirit of God would pnrify them. They all knew, if they took literature in its soeiol aspect that there was much to improve on. Some- thing more than Bocial amelioration was required, and he was happy to say that this society had the con- version of souls for its end. He admired the pro- ductions of Shakapeare'a genius, and ths works of men who deserved intellectually to be placed in the second rank ; but if those works would not lead to the conversion of sinners, then it was a dutv to supply the deficiency by helping on the Tract Society and kindred associations. But while they were pleased to see men of mind and genius coming forth on the side of Christianity, they had also to wepp over the literature of Holy well-street and the purlieus of the Strand which was finding its way to this colony, and morally degrading a portion of the youthful mind-filling it with impure associations-hanging as it were in the very chambers of the soul-an imagery that unless changed by the spirit of the Lord would lead to that place where the worm dieth not. They must, there- fore, be up and doing, not only as religious but as in- tellectual men. If even he did not attach such im- portance to the word of God,-as one who loved to see the young mind of this colony growing under the power of great thinkers, he would rise up in indignant protest against such degradation, even though men of genius had covered those impurities with all their fascinating power, and covered with roses the banks by which the rapids flowed. Ha was glad to find that few of our booksellers would condescend to sell such com- positions, He would take every fair means of sweep- ing them from the land, and especially would he bring out the best counteractives. (Cheers.) There was another literature of which he could not altogether ap- prove, and that was the entirely secular. He believed, with Dr. Arnold, that nil literature should be written in a religious spirit, and he hailed with joy the extended and increasingly useful labours of the Religious Tract and Book Society of the present day. He saw, from the report of the last annual May meeting in London, that the circula- tion of tracts, books, &c;, for the year reached the number of upwards of 34,600,000. He felt honoured in being called upon feebly to advocate the claims of suoh a society as that of New South Wales ; and he thought that thpy would be false to their country and to themselves if they forgot to scatter widely their tracts and noble books throughout the length and breadth of the land. (Cheers.) Rev. HULTON KINO moved the next resolution as follows: 3rd, That this meeting acknowledging the wisdom and goodness of God in establishing such au asrcncy in this colonv, and in main- taining it thus fur- and recognising the responsibility they ar« under of performing the human pirt towards transmitting with increased means of usefulness the inheritance which has descended to them, do pledge thom«clves to renowed efforts, increased con- tributions, and moro earnost prayers. He noticed lately in the press an observation that clergvmen should be careful in advocating the cause of societies, and making appeals for objects of benevo. lence that they well understood the worthiness of such appeals ; well, with regard to the present appeal there could be no mistake of itB worthiness, for there could be no better field (or the exercise of their benevolence than supporting the Tract Society. A debt of gratitude was due to the lay com- mittee who ' had become responsible for a heavy sum in supporting and upholding the cause. The best way of repaying that debt of gratitude was by carrying out the principles of the resolution. In speaking of the appropriateness of the subjects treated of in the tracts, he could refer to many passages to show that the object was deserving of their support. The cause was a noble one. There was a debt still upon the Society, and though the list of subscribers was but small, yet he hoped the contribu- tions would meet and remove that debt. He would ask thein to give according to their means, and according to the dictates of their hearts. He must say that it struck him with astonishment that the contributions of the people here were not equal with their outlays in other respects-that they were not so much in excess of what was given for the same purposes at home. But as the Lord blesseth the liberal giver, he hoped that during their short exist- ence here they would to the fullest extent of their ability add to the streams of charity that flowed through the land. This Tract Society was the work of God, and in supporting it they showed an evidence of their love to God. He had much pleasure in moving the resolution. Mr. J. K. IIOULTJINO rose to second the resolution. He believed the work they were engaged in was a good and noble work, and, to the amount of his small means, he was anxious to forward it. He was aware from a long residence in the bush, of the usefulness of the literature disseminated by the Society, and he could relate many instances of the good results arising from the reading of the tracts. The good seed dropped by the way side was not lost, but the best fruits, from time to time sprung from those seeds, and there was no doubt but many a soul was saved through the in- fluence of the ¡Society and of their teachings. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was put and carried. Dr. CHARLES moved the next resolution, as follows : That O. W. Allen, Esq., be the treasurer, and tho Revs. John Dougall and 8. C. Kent, joint secretaries for the ensuing year ; and that tho following gentlemen be added to tho committee, in placo of those who retire according to the fifth rule, viz.-Revs. John Eggleston, Alexander Salmon, John Sharp, Hugh Darling, William Cuthbertson, - Drake, E. W. Cameron, Professor Smith ; and nlso tho Rev. J. B. Laughton, and Messrs. Orton and Stanger, I with tho view of forming a Bub-committco for tho management of the Bathurst depot. To speak upon such a resolution, he would have to speak of the merits or demerits of the gentlemen named in it, hut believing that they were all good men and true, he had much pleasure ia moving the resolu- tion. Captain DUM.VR.ES* seconded the motion, which was put and carried. This closed the proceedings. The CHAIRMAN looked upon the honour conferred upon him in being asked to preside as quite sufficient, without a formal voie of thanks. He would have been better pleased to see a larger assemblage, but other meetings were being held in other paru, which ac- counted for their thin attendance to-night. Rev. HULTON KINO pronounced the benediction, and the meeting then separated. THE WHOLESALE HORSE-STEALING CASE.-Eli Bur- gess and James Clark, charged with horse-stealing, were brought up on Friday before the Acting Police Magistrate, but were again remanded till the 29th instant, for further evidence. A letter has been re- ceived from Mr. Thomas Warren, of Little River, Braidwood, indentifying two of the stolen horses. Three of the stolen horses have now been claimed, but there still remains four, waiting for the owners,- Goulburn Chronicle. 