ULLADULLA. ' [-H-5M OCR COhllESrONDXST.T The Wbatiiek. — On Saturday night and Sunday morning last we were visited by the severest thunder storm wo have had yet this season. It commenced a little after midnight arid continued till about ono o'clock. Vivid flashes of the electrio fluid illuminted the dense darkness of the night. Zig-zag streaks of lightning freauentlv Dassed over tho nitcliv skv, followed in quick succession'by most terrific peals of thnnder, accompanied first by hail and then rain, which has proved of great 'benefit to the crops. ? ? . ' Municipal Act. — I sincerely hope that this district will speedily ' take tho benefit of this Act,' so as to improvo tho district, and determine the boundaries, which, wo byjseo tho Electoral Bill, aro Wandrawandian on tho north, arid Duras Water on the south. This appears con venient and fair. The Gdost Acai.v. — I seo I hare awakened this un earthly being from its slumbers to finish our jetty for us. Generous Ghost, you know littlo of tho matter,, for tho contract, so far as it went, was completed ; on the 23rd September, and nothing more has been dono 1 to it sinoe. Know also, that the first subscription 'is far; from being all paid up yet, so far from it being possible to raiso ten times the amount, which would bo about £800. Know also that tho owner of tho Jeannie Deans: would clear a road to the beach in a few days, which you, and your sweet steamer folk have not been able to do in ten months. Know further, that Bteam is made 'BtilL sweeter by each article being' charged double tbe freight to what it was when the Jeannie Deans was on the berth.' Know, too, hobgoblin of the Dark World, that I am per sonallv on the spot and can point out to you the difficulty of getting any goods either up or down to tho beach at present. And then, generous Ghost, if you would only help us poor mortals to complete bur little undertaking, I am sure tho people would be exceedingly thankful. : Bnt my object was to arouse that apathy that exists among'as, and I am glad to hear our old friend tho first to bellow out. November 9th, 1858. 