THE SUPPRESSED SURVEY REPORT, Wn invito our readers to peruao what follows only as an additional contribution to 'the cu riosities of journalism.' The Geelong Advertiser, it will be remembered, announced that theie was an official report in the Survey Office, and not published, setting forth the quantity of good ugnuunurai xuuu snu uusuiu. xue payor wniuu aims to be the Government organ here, and which exhibits its ministerial devotedness by doing tho dirty work for them which respectable journals would refuse, took up this announcement as hostile to tho ministerial land policy (what is that 1), and denied, in its own peculiar style, that such a report had any existonco. It was ' an un truth.' ' It was false.' It was 'a lie.' 'There was not auomtii imm ill mu uuiuuy uxuupi) tue editor of tho Advertiser who would pen such a statement.' Such was the olassic style of Entanswiltism ia which the unhappy Advertiser . was blackguarded, — a style which reminded one stroii'gly of one of our public spouter3, The re ply of the Advertiser we gave when it appeared. Subsequently, the Government organ endeavored to make a back-door exit, a3 it did in the Ireland canard business — a similar pieco of dirty work it did for the Government. We now give the reply which appeared iu the Advertiser of Satur day last : — From the Herald of yesterday, we excise the following paragraph, which was indited to back up an editorial article chiefly devoted to the Ramo snbiect 'The Geelongese invontiveness is a remark ably fertile faculty — in dull times. One of our contemporaries at the ' Pivot,' for instance, is raving about a certain ' suppressed ' Report at the Survey Office, a copy of whioh, it alleges, catne into its own possession 'in an extraordi nary way,' and which it would publish only for certain honorable '' reasons. Now, this sorry story of the ' suppression ' is a pure fiction — a touch of Geelongese invention — nothing more. And as to the other two points, the journal in question could only have come into possession of an unpublished public document in one of two ways — by a gross and unpardonable violation of official trust on the part of a Government officer, or by an act of theft on tho part of ditto, or sorneeody else. Perhaps our scrupulously ' hon orable' friend wiir inform us in which of these ' extraordinary' ways he got possession of the document in question 1 A candid reply to this question (which, in our view, ho is bound to give) may possibly lead to the merited dismissal from tho Government service of an untrustworthy ms) li n ftii fr.hfii 1 nfflftfir /\i* i!ha onhrnnninrr rtf fho rat that has stolen into ' the house that Jack built.' Verb. tat. While on this subject we may further mention that the asaertion made by the Melbourne, correspondent of the other Gee longese journal, to the effect that he received a certain piece of information direct from the head of the Survey Department, ia another specimen of fertile inventiveness. The head of tho Survey Department is the Surveyor-General, and that gentleman has never made any such statement -s alleged to anybody. 'Now this sorry story of the ' suppression' isapure fiction, a touch of Geelongese invention — nothing more.' Of course then the Herald has instituted inquiry, and discovered that there is such a document in existence as tho Survey Report, to whioh wo alluded, and required the production of. That is the first deduction to bo drawn from the foregoing statement ; and as the 'sorry story of the suppression is a pure fiction,' tho people may look forward to the publication of the afore said report, when it suits the policy of the Govern ment. It may be remarked here that the Herald shamelessly abandons the position it took up when it denied point blank the truthfulness of the state ments put forth by the Advertiser. How we came'intoposse3sion of an unpublished publio document' isbeside tho subjeot matter alto gether. According to the Herald's first offensive position, it ia impossible that we could have ob tained the document because it was not in existence. Wo wero accusedof inventing the thing. Now by some irrat: lonal process of ratiocination, the Herald assum es two points, viz. : an ' un pardonable violatic -n of official trust on the part of a Government o -fficer, or by an act of thefc on the part of ditto, or somebody else.' This is simply absurd. ? Somebody cannot 'unpardon- ably violate ' noth ing, nor can ' ditto,' or some body else effect a t heft on a nonentity. Now, we never ; stated that we bad come 'into tho possession of an unpublished publio docu ment,' and therefo-re there is no occasion to givo a 'candid reply' ; is to how we got a thing that we never did get, c -r ever pretended to have got. If, however, the con fidence assumed had been com mitted to our hono r, it would not have been viola ted, in deference to the unmanly policy pro mulgated under tb a infamous 'Minute' that makes every Gov- irnment official a slave to the transitory a- iministration regnant, and finds a pliant m-uuthpiece in tho Melbourno Herald. It will be seen Chat our contemporary admits the presence of a pub! ic document, which, a few days ago, it acnied the existence of. That is in favor of the Advertiser in tho first count, aud somewhat to our credit, fur first bringing pro minently beforo tho country information about a state paper, whi ch we have reliable reasons for assorting is kiepfc back to suit political ends. Nothing- abashed, the Government organ returns to its dirty work, and in it3 issue of yesterday gives us another choice specimen of Heraldese : — rplin (lonlnn^ c/yn/f vi o (I wuviwujj JAlkVU up bUtf ghost' of misrepresentation. All our arable lands, then, have not been made away with — have not been .buried in tho deep pockets of the speculators and monopolists. Well, that is at least a satisfactory discovery ; and the moro so that it has been made at last by those 'piekers- up of unconsidered trifles,' who, out of tho blunders, the stupid and false inventions, and the wilful perversions of ignorant and conscience! ess correspondents, woave tho flimsy web of their editorial comments for the edification and instruction (?) of tho much-enduriug Gee longese. Do we characterise these pretended revelations of tho Geelong paper's ' own corre spondent' conformably to too severe a standard of truth (sic) ? Nay rather can we stigmatise them too strongly, when we learn that the ' indis putable authority,' upon which the impugned misstatement relative to the public lands, as yet unalienated by sale, was alleged by the untruth ful correspondent in question to be based- denies that anything of the kind ever escaped hislips. Tho Head of the Survey Department denies all know ledge of the fabrication, a3 we mentioned a few days ago ; and so there this piece of mischievous absurdity comes to an ignominious end ; where for the present, as far as wo are concerned, it may lie amongst the rubbish, to rot, on the surface o? things. I That does the Surveyor-General deny ? Don't be getting him into the same scrape as the Soli citor-General, by way of securing company for the latter. Tho Survoyor-General has never denied tho existence of the report ; for as Ga lileo said of tho globe — 'it does revolve,' bo we say of this roport, on the authority of the Sur veyor-General himself,— 'it does exist !' Why is it not published ? and then we shall be able to test its merits. 