THE UESOLUTIOlfS ON ROAD C02T STRUO riON. [ From Tuv&tuy;'s bejuster.J The resolutions which the Commissioner of public Works proposes to .submit to the House of Assembly to-day involve one ot the niost , important subjects with which Parimment has ,o deal at present. "Whether the difficulties with which the subject has always been found i to be beset hitherto are considered, or regardis had merely to the magnitude oT the interests concerned, the question of road construction ib 1 perhaps the most serious problem, exclusive ot topics involving points of political morahty or public right, with which the Colonial Legis lature has to grapple. But it must be dealt with; and the proposed alteration of the system of managing our main roads will ettect no change in the atteudant difficulties. Whether controlled by an elective Board or a responsible Minister, the cost will not diHer materially, and the same conflicting claims and doubtful demands will have to be examined in either case. We deem it wise to seek to elicit nhe oiriuioa of Parliament on this knotty subject prior to any decision of the Council in reference to the proposed abolition of tue Central Eoad Board. At the same tune it is very likelv that the members of the legisla ture will like to ascertain the views ot the country at Urge before they commit them selves to a decided policy in connection with a subject so universal in its interest. _ There is not one of the five resolutions to be submitted by Mr. Blyth which will command an uuuunli&xt; opp""0' from every person. Tli^re are two sides to each of the questions embodied in those resolutions ; and much may be said on both sides in cach case. But tbe questions are by no means of equal impor tance; and there will not be equal difficulty experienced in evolving an opinion in reference to thorn. With respcct to the first,fourth, and fifth of the resolutions, it will be compara tively easy to come to an agreement. They are as follow:- _ , "1. That, in the opinion of this House, it is flraircbie to maintain the distinction at present existing between main and district roads. " 4 That it is expedient to provide for tbe widen ing of tie tires of wagons ana carts which transport Thatthe salaries of all officers employed in carry ing oat the provisions of the iioad Act should annually be submitted lor the consideration of Parliament. We will not stop to discuss the arguments which might be used for and against these three resolutions, as we wish to proceed to the more important topics involved in the other two Our own opinion inclines decidedly towards affirming each of the three resolutions. With respect to No. 4. we would merely remark that caution must be exercised in accomplishing the improvement suggested, bo that serious hardship may not be inflicted on individuals by harsh regulations or undue haste in enforcing them. ^ The second and third resolutions, which embody the grand principles of the system which the Government propose to introduce in lieu of that at present in operation here, are the following *.- , " 2 That-, in the opinion of this House, the wnole amount which can bs spared from the general revenue for road purposes shoald be devoted to the construction of road, anu brides; bat that the maintenance and repair thereof «mnld ha provided foe by funds drawn from some other source than the easting general re veiiue.^ ^ ja £|1C Op-mio3 of this House that the ne cessary funds for maintaining and "P1'!T® ^hv roads aud bridges of this province should be raised by rates npoa a general asseisment of property, aided, where practicable, by a system of tolls. - , B'fore discussing the principle enunciated in the second resolution we must point out tliat it is so stated in the wording of the resolution as to imply a fallacy, or at all erente to involve a dilemma. It is averred tlwt the whole amount wtecli can he spared from the general revenue for road purposes should be devoted to the construction of roads and bridges." The language implies that '-road purposes" are only subsidiary to the more direct and greater purposes for which die I national revenue is raised. The idea is that 1 after those greater purposes are effected the surplus, if any, may be devoted to ; the construction of roads. We thnik this is a | fallacy; for we bdieve that the facilitation ot intercourse between the various settlements of the countiy-between the bush and the city, between producers and consumers-is one of the most legitimate aud important of the purposes to which the State revenue can be applied. But waiving the reasons we might advance in support of that opinion, there remains a dilemma winch cannot be evaded. If "road purposes" be among the most legiti mate objects of national expenditure, it is ridiculous to talK of what can " be spared to effect such purposes. In that case the revenue must be augmented in proportion to the demands made upon it, or retrenchment must be effected in other and less necessary depart ments of the public outlay. But if the other view is taken, and it be held that "road purposes" are not the legitimate objects con templated in raising the general revenue, no portion of that revenue should be so expended ; and, in fact, there should be no surplus avail able for such purposes. If the revenue is larger than the legitimate purposes of the State require, let taxation be diminished and indi vidual burdens lightened. One or other of these consequences is necessarily involved in the reference to "the amount which can be spared" from the general revenue for road '?lOu'ropiriion on the principle thus enunci ated may be gathered from the conviction we have expressed above as to the legitimacy ot "»? appropriation of the general revenue tow»a purposes. Boads are not expensive they are, on the contraiy, mesM of ewno^ ina*expenditure. No road ought ______ « struckwtolidofflnot^ ^ suSt reason to beUeve that th^oun^f traffic over a given line of country n eo great J «T>gW eta whole community, i» » heavier burden than the Binenditure of a lump sum in the construction of» good road, a road should immediately be made. Eveiy month's delay- afer thatpoint has been reached is an additional cause of loss to the community. It is, of course, possible for a community to be in a condition of poverty under which individuals frequently Buffer viz. that condition in which lor want or capital they spend teufold more in little daily pay ments than would suffice, if capitalized, to supply all their wants- the condition tliat is popularly known as " living from hand to mouth." But we do not think South Aug. traliu is in this condition. Butcveu though she be, the principle we are endeavouring to eluci date remains unaffected; and though we may not be able to adopt the most economical course, we can at all events satisfy ourselves of its theoretical propriety. In fact, the principle is almost self- evident; and were it not that it is practically lost sight of, very much to the confusion of tlie popular notions on the ques tion, we should deem it perfectly unnecessary to do more than simply advert to it. While, then, we have a clear conviction that the main roads of the colony aliould be con structed at the expense of the colonial revenue^ we are aware of no valid reason lor appli tng a different principle to the subsequent conserva tion of tiiose roads. The maintenance of main roads is just as necessary to their economical use as t heir original construction. Every pur pose of public utility which is served by making them is equally served by keeping them in repair. The cost of the latter operation will certainly fall upon the general public sooner or later, equally with the former, whatever means may be devised for paying the charges in the first instance. On all argumentative grounds that can be urged, the proposed difference ol dealing with main roads in their first construction, and main roads in their subsequent employment, is untenable. Bisons for tha difference might have buen seen had it been proposed to make district roads from the general revenue, and afterwards to hand them over to the districts chiefly concerned in their goodness for main tenance. But we shall listen with curious in terest to the arguments by which the Commis sioner of Public Works may endeavour to sus tain his. proposal with respect to main roads. We sire certainly acquainted with one argu ment which has been founded on certain calcu lations which first appeared in our columns. We showed tliat the cost of maintaining roads was annually becoming a more serious item of outlay. In fact; it was a matter of arithmetical calculation only to show that in so many years the mere repairs of roads would necessitate an outlay equal in amount to the whole sura now devoted to the construction of roads. But wo demur to the conclusion drawn from that un deniable fact, to the* support of the prin ciple laid down in Mr. Blyth's resolution. The conclusion requires another fact to make it worth anything at all, and that fact does not exist. If it were true that the sum available for road purposes is fixed and limited, t.iere would be ssine ground for urging that none of it should be spent in secondary purposes. But as that sum can be enlarged at pleasure, and must be enlarged in proportion to the expanding wants and increasing means of the calony, there is no force whatever in the argument which in volves the assumption of a fixed and unalter able road revenue. We must postpone our remarks ©n the principle enunciated in the third resolution. The proposal itself might have been properly referred to the Select Committee on Taxation had not that Committee nearly completed its labours. The House ought, however, either * to request that Committee to take the subject into consideration prior to bringing up its report, or to wait until tjiat report )i»« been brought up, for its own guidance in forming a decision on this proposal. CnarsTiAx UNION.-Tne following memorial to the Bishop, affirming the great principles of Christian Union, without pledging the memorialists to any specific action in relation to them, is now in process of signature among the members of the Church of England: '* To the Right Reverend Augustus, Lord Bibhop of Adelaide. " We the nndTMzncd, members or the United Church of England and Irelaud, cordially atached to her doc trines, ritoa<, and polity, and venerating her as an hwoured branch of the Universal Cburcri ol Christ, believe, nevc.theless, that other ecclesiastical associa tion*. national and otherwise, adheiing to the same doctrines though differing in Uieir forms of worship and ^nvernmesjL, are also essential integral portions of the same Evangelical Catholic Church. " We believe, moreover, th?t as members of this one Church, in umou with the same Divine Head, parta&ing; of the same grace, rejoicing in the s* ae gloruus hopes, it is incumbent up jn ->ll to love as brethren, and though as jet unable to see eye to eye on matters non-e srniijl, to exercise meanwhile mutual foruearance^ to hold the faith in unity o spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life, and to emulate each other in works of charity, and in strenuous efforts for the world's evan gelization and tin1. Church's purity. " fcjitertaining such sentiment*, we have hailed with cordial satisfaction your Lordship's recent letter to a distinguished minister of another Chnrch on the subject of Christian Union; not indeed that we, any more ihan your Lordship, can reasonably indulge ia the hope of bin;li general organization of the Cburc <es as you have there sketched being speedily if indeed ever r alizid, but be.acsiofthe truly catholic Christian spirit that per vades it, and of the readiness it evinces on your part to recognise, in the accredited ministers of other denan.na tions, fellow labourers ia the Gospel of Christ, called and set apait to the work it may be hoped by the Holy Ghost, th rgh uot through the chan-.icl of an Apostolic Episcopate-thereby showing that like ma -y i.f me brightest ornaments of tha Reformed Anglieau Church, your Lo dship wisely distinguishes^ bciw.-'.ni what is eisential to tne being, or existence, of a Church, nnd what to its well-leing-sthM is necessary to lite validity of ministerial orders-and what to their entire'.!/, or completeness. Wniic, therefore, fully appreciating, and to a great extent sympatbiz ng in, your Lordship's kindly ctTorts to briug about, if possible, a cioscr fellowship of the Churches-bo realizing more fully their essential oneness -we earnestly hope and pray that these may be re ceived iu tne spirit which dictated them, and that, at least, nothing may bepermitted to arise, through misappre hension or otherwise, either from within or from wiih oat the pale of our communion, to frustrate your Lord ship's laudable and trnly Christian inteutiona. " With every sentiment ofrespect, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your Lordship'rfobedient, faithiul servants." MONET OBDEB SYSTEM BY TELEGRAPH. We are glad to find that Mr. Todd reports in favour of the addition of the money order sys tem to the department under his charge. It ' will be seen from his report that he points oat I various advantages connected with the plan, and makes a new suggestion to the effect tbat telegraphic etationmasters in many cases mi^ht be employed &3 postmasters. Mr. Todd says nothing of the expense which would be incurred by the proposed alteration, but as he is of opi nion that the result would be profitable there can be no difficulty we imagine on that score. He advises the extension of the scheme along ' the intercolonial line, and refers to the fact that it has been found to work well in England, in America, and in the nfext colony. Teats foe Unwary TBATELLEBS.-Our attention has been called to a practice which must be permitted, if it be not ordered, by the Central Road Board, by which the property, the limbs, and even the lives of travellers on our main roads are endangered. We allude to the habit of laying down logs of wood on the practicable portions of the road on each side of the portion which ha? been rendered impas sable by covering it with broken metal at an unsuitable period of the year. We have just beeu informed of a case in which a party driving after dark on the North-road very narrowly escaped a serious accident from the obstructions referred to. There can be no doubt that danger is likely to accrue to travel lers from this cause; and especially to travellers who are not accustomed to the road. Unfor tunately, however, the matter is so managed aB to expose persons who are daily traversing the roads in question to even greater danger than strangers; for the obstructions are constantly being moved to new positions slightly different from the former ones, apparently for no other purpose than to trip up parties who presume upon their knowledge of the locality of the logs in the morning to push over the ground at a moderate pace in the evening. Xt certainly appears most inconsistent with the functions of the Soad Board to obstruct the traffic over the bast portions of the roads they make. If their - expenditure of money is not so managed or so timed as to induce the public to use the tracks they make, they have certainly no right to block up those better tracks which travellers prefer. however, they claim such right, they must exercise it by fencing off the narrow roads they compel the public to use, and not by laying down traps for the unwaiy just where the greatest amount of traffic is sore to pass. This plan if persevered in will some day eventuate in & serious accident which will call forth a universal protest against the system. Boxu. Af ATT. Cosepaite.-The Argus oTa re cent date says:-From the following letter, from Mr. Wetton, it will- be seen that the steamer appointed to cany the November mails, to sail from Sydney on the 11th proximo, will be the last dispatched under the present temporary arrangements: 11 Bojal Mall Steam Packet Company, Sjrdnpy, October 16,1B58. "Sir-I beg to acquaint too, for the information of the public, that, conformably with present azwige mantf, the provisiocql postal service between England and Australia, carried on by the Royal M»!l Company, will terminate in respect to the homeward passage v'& Suez, with the dispatch of the B.MJS. Emeu, with the November mails, on the ltth proximo. " The B.M.S. Oneida sailed from Southampton on lie 7th August with troops for: Bombay, from which port she frould proceed to Galle, to relieve the IUI£. Victoria. . . "CmMioir WjiTTOk, Superintendent. "To the Editor of the Argtu." . . TELEGRAPH TO SYDNEY.-Messages are now tSeing regularly transmitted between Adelaide and Sydney, the,' lino having been completed on Friday the 29th nit. The rate of charges for ordinary messages is flxedfor the present at 9s. for ten words, and 6cl for eveiy addi tional word, ,t 