MISCELLANY. Cheerfulness.—Try for a single day, I beseech you, to preserve yourself in an easy and cheerful frame of mind. Be but for one day, instead of a fire worshipper of pas- sion and hell, the sun-worshipper of clear self-possession : and compare the day in which you have rooted out the weed of dissatisfaction with that on which you have allowed it to grow up—and you will find youa heart open to every good motive, your life strengthened, and your breast armed with a panople against every trick of fate, truly you will wonder at your own improve- ment.—Richter. The Londoners Hoaxed.—Towards the end of May, 1359, a solemn joust was proclaimed to be held at London for three successive days. The challengers in the proclamation where the Lord Mayor, the sheriffs, and twenty-one aldermen, who undertook to maintain the field against all comers ; but matters were so arranged that the King Edward III., personated the Lord Mayor, and his four sons, with nineteen of the princible nobility of England, personat- ed the sheriffs and the aldermen. They were all dressed in close armour, on which the arms and other distinctions of the City were painted. The deceit was not even so much as suspected by the citizens themselves, who were charmed to see their magistrates acquit themselves in arms in a manner surpas- sing that of the bravest knights of Europe. But they were still more .charmed when, at the end of the three days, the beavers being then lifted up, they found, instead of their mayor, sheriffs, and aldermen, who remained all that time concealed, the greatest per- sonages of the Court of England. To make Paper Impervious to Water.— The following preperation for waterproofing paper intended for paekages exposed to the weather is said to be recommended by Profesor Muschamp, of Wurtemburg. Take 24 ozs. of alum, and 4 ozs of white soap, and dissolve them in 21lbs of water : in another vessel dissolve 2 oz of gum arabic, and 6 oz. of glue in the same quantity of water as the former, and add the two soluti- ons together, which is now to be kept warm, and the paper intended to be made water- proof dipped into, passed between rollers, and dried ; or, without the use of rollers, the paper may be suspended until it is perfectly dripped, and then dried. The alum soap, glue, and gum form a kind of artificial leather, which protects the surface of the paper from the action of water, and also renders it somewhat fire-proof. Merely to convert paper into artificial leather, this would be rather a complicated process compared with the dipping of the paper in diluted oil of vitriol, ond then wash- it immediately with water and drying ; but the professor's method may perhaps render paper more impervious to water. A CLEVER SPY.—During "the long war," when Ferdinand VII. of Spain was a prisoner at Vincennes, the English Government wished to obtain his release from captivity and from France. Fouche, as well as Bona- parte, was aware of this, and took every pre- caution to prevent any private communication with the royal prisoner. In spite of every effort on their part he was visited repeatedly in Vincennes by an agent of the English Government, and every preparation was made for his escape, including the providing of passports, "en regie," for himself and those who were to accompany him, one, at least, of those passports being signed by Fouche himself. That one was a pass which would have carried the King freely through even the French armies. The small modicum of pluck which belonged to Ferdinand VII. failed him at the last hour, when it was necessary for him to put on the clothes of a mason as a disguise ; and the English agent, who, though a foreigner, was not a French- man, entered France, travelled in it, and re- turned from it without any molestation, ex- cept on one occasion. He was then sus- pected and taken before Fouche, who exa- mined him and his papers most carefully. He owed his life, which, if he had been de- tected, he would have forfeited as "a spy," partly to his imperturbable presence of mind and cleverness, and partly to the unimpeach- able accuracy of his papers, which, to a great extent, he had prepared for himself in Eagland. At another time, when the French armies occupied Holland, he went from England, passed through the French lines, and spent some time in the midst of the enemy, keeping up a communication with the English Government without being troubled by a single suspicion on the part of the French police. A MONETARY CRISIS SIXTY YEARS AGO. —In 1793 England was overtaken with per- haps even a more destructive crisis than the present. The story goes that—"Sir John Sinclair, with great difficulty, obtained the consent of Parliament that notes from the Exchequer, to the amount of five millions should be issued immediately, as a loan to such merchants as could give security ; and he also offered, without receiving any remu- neration, to carry out his own plan, with the assistance of Loid Sheffield, Mr. Wilber- force, Sir William Pulteney and Mr. Thorn- ton, who had consented to act as a com- mittee. Many of the first houses in Man- chester and Glasgow were tottering, not from want of property, but from the temporary stagnation of sales and of credit. Sir John, therefore, immediately after carrying his motion in Parliament, borrowed, on his own personal security, the sum of £70,000 which he dispatched to the merchants in the morn- ing after the vote was granted, Mr. Coutts advanced Sir John a loan of £20,000, and Mr Devaynes lent £10,000. Pitt meeting Sir John next evening in the House, ex- pressed great regret that the pressing wants of Manchester and Glasgow could not be supplied so soon as their urgent difficulties required, and added, 'The money cannot be raised for some days.' It is already gone ! It left London by to-night's mail,' was Sir John's triumphant reply, and in relating this anecdote, he used to add, with a smile of pleasure, "Pitt was as much startled as if I had stabbed him." Tha most striking part of this story is that Manchester and Glasgow both appear to have been threatened with gener l bankruptcy for the want of 90,000l. ! Just 45,000l wanted to keepGlasgow on its legs and Manchester solvent ! These surely cannot be the same cities that have single merchants worth 2,000,000l, and Banks that jail handsomely for 8,000,000l a piece ! We really must be permitted to be a little scep- tical about this story—the more that Sir John Sinclair did not always see when people were laughing at him. Dimness of Sight.—Eyebright, sweet mar- joram, betony dried, one ounce of each, tobacco three ounces. One or two pipes a-day t of this mix ure. Tobacco smoked by itself causes dimness of sight. Powder to Polish Spectaeles —A diluted so- lution of sulphate of iron precipitated by ex- cess of ammonia, washing the precipitate, pressing it nearly dry in a screw press, and exposing it to a heat which in the dark ap- pears a low dull red. To be had of spectacle makers and chemists. A Distinction and a Difference.—Jones has discovered the respective nature of a distinc- tion and a difference. He says that a "little difference" frequently makes many enemies, while a "little distinction" attracts hosts of friends to the one on whom it is conferred. Cure for Cure.—An old lady, reduced in circumstances, applied to a physician to know if she might conscientiously sell some quack pills ; the physician rather recommended that she should sell pills made of bread, observing that if they did no good they certainly would do no harm. The old lady commenced busi- ness, and performed many cures with her pills, s till at last she herself had great confidence in them. At length the physician whom she called her benefactor, became ill by a bone sticking in his throat, which he could not pass up or down ; in this situation the old lady vi- sited him, and recommended her pills in his own language, that if they did him no good they could not do him any harm. The phy- sician, upon this expression, burst out laugh- ing, and in the act of laughing brought up the . bone. Power of the Telescope.—An Irishman was speaking of the excellence of the telescope. Do you see that wee spec on the hill yonder ? That now, is my old pig, though it is hardly to be seen, but when I look at him with my glass, then I can plainly hear him grunt. The Landlady and Lodger.—A gentleman, taking an apartment, said to the landlady, "I assure you, madam, I never left a lodging but my landlady shed tears." "I hope, Sir," said she, "it was not because you went away with- out paying." Highland Thieves.—Dugald M'Caul was a professed thief in the Highlands, and some- times took young lads into his service, as ap- prentices to the same business. With one of these hopeful youths, who had recently en- gaged with him, he agreed one night to pro- ceed upon an excursion ; the apprentice to steal a wether, and Dugald himself to steal kale. It was also agreed that they should booty, after being in possession of their meet in the kirk-yard, where they were pretty sure of not being molested, as it got the home of being haunted by a ghost. Dugald, as may well be supposed, arrived first at the place of rendezvous, and, sitting on a grave- stone, amused himselt until the apprentice should arrive with the wether. In a neigh- bouring farm-house, a crippled tailor happened" to be at work, and the conversation having turned upon the story of the kirk-yard being haunted, the tailor boldly censured some young men present, for not having courage to go and speak to the supposed apparition, adding that if he had the use of his limbs, he would have no hesitation in doing it himself. One of the young men, mettled at the tailors remarks, proposed taking the tailor on his back to the kirk-yard, and, as the tailor could not well re- cede from what he had said, off they went. The moment they entered the kirk-yard, Du- M'Caul saw them, and thinking it was the ap- prentice with the wether on his back, he said, in a low tone of voice, as they approached him, "Is he fat ?" "Whether he be fat or lean," cried the young man, "there he is to ye ;" and throwing down the tailor, ran off as hard as he could. On entering the farm- house, to his utter astonishment, he found the tailor close at his heels ; intense fear having supplied him with the long- lost use of his limbs, which, it is ssid, he retained ever after. Miracle Working—St. Gregory the Great affirms, that a little monk got into such a habit of working miracles, that at length the friar forbade him to exercise his supernatural talent. The monk conformed to the order ; but one day seeing an honest bricklayer falling from the roof of a house he hesitated between the monastic obedience and charity, in saving the poor man's life, and only ordering him to remain in the air till he got orders, he ran to acquaint the prior with the case. The prior gave him absolution for the sin of beginning a miracle without leave, and allowed him to go through with it, but never to do the like again. A FAIR APOLOGY.—An American editor apologises to his readers after this fashion :— "We intended to have a death and a marriage to publish this week, but a violent storm pre- vented the wedding ; and the doctor being taken sick himself, the patient recovered, and we are accordingly cheated out of both." CORKSCREWS have sunk more people than cork-jackets will ever save. 