iSJliscrl!«inrous Wholesome Education. — Of all the know-nothing persons in this world '?om- mend us to the man who has 'never known a .dny's illness.' He is a moral dunce ; one ''who has lost the greatest lesson in lifts' who has skipped the finest lecture in that' great school of humanity, the sick chamber. Let him be versed in mathematics, profound in metaphysics, a ripe scholar in the classics, a bachelor of nrts, or even a doctor of divinity, yet is he as one of those gentlemen whose education hns been neglected. For all his college acquirements, how inferior is he in wholesome knowledge to the mortal who has had but a quarter's gout or a half-year of ague ! — how infinitely belouc the fellow-creature who has been soundly taught his ticdouloureux, thoroughly grounded in the rheumntics, and deeply learnt in the scarlet fever! And yet what is more common than to hoar a great hulking, florid fellow bragging of an ignorance, a 'brutal ignorance, that he shares in common with the pig nnd bul lock, the generality of which die. pro hahly, without ever having experienced a dny's indisposition ! — Thomas Hood. Russian Gallantry. — A celebrated cantatrice, now 'starring' it in Paris, IntiOy received from a Muscovite prince a hum'snme brooch in diamonds, in ac knowledgment of admiration ; but not wishing to accept a gift, the motive of which might, .be misconstrued she re turned it with warm thanks. Next day she receVed a letter from the prince, np proving highly of her decision, but thi writing in Jtiia letter had a singularly glistening appearance, and it was after wards found that the magnate, not to b- outdone in generosity, had reduced thi returned diamonds to fine powder, witl which he hud besprinkled the wet ink. and had thus. insured the acceptance, oi his homage ! The Excavations at Ostia. — A lettei from Rome gives some additional details of the excavations going on at Ostia in the Papal States. The more important excavations thus far have been made on the side of. the gate which opened on the road which led to Rome. The road of the tombs, which has been entirely freed from rubbish, contains monuments which, from their state of preservation, and from the inscriptions relative to historical personages, are of equal interest with those of Pompeii. The military station is near the gate, and is well pre served ; in it has been discovered a remarkable table, on which the soldiers played at different games when not on duty. Near the gate also is a fountain richly decorated and fed by a large con. duit. As the soil is sandy and arid, surprise is felt that the site should have been chosen for a fountain. Ostia was built near the sea, though it is now some what inland; but 011 account of the ravages of the barbarians its inhabitants, instead of causing it to spread along the shore, as originally intended, continued building landwards. Excavations hnve also been on the side near the sea, and it is there that the veritable Roman re mains are most numerous and interesting. Some time ago ruins, of what appeared toM. Visconti, director of the excavations, to be the baths built by Antoninus Pius, were discovered, but some authorities considered that he was mistaken. It has now been positively ascertained that the ruins in question are those of baths. In one of the rooms a mosaic floor has just been brought to light. Its colors arc striking, and the design pleasing. The Poison of the Cobra di Ca peli.o. — In dissecting a rat which had been kilted by the side of a cobra, anxious to sec if the skin itself was af fected, I scraped away the parts on it with my finger nnil. Finding nothing but the punctures, I threw thu rat away, and put the knife end skin in my pocket, and started to go away. I had not walked a hundred yards before all of a sudden I felt just as if somebody had come behind me and struck me a severe blow on the. head and neck, and at the same time I experienced a most acute pain and sense of oppression at the chest, as if hot iron bad been run in, and a hundredweight had been put on the top of it. I knew instantly, from what I had read, that I was poisoned. I said as much to my friend, a most in telligent gentleman, who happened to be with me, and told him if I fell to give me brandy and euu-de -luce, words which he kept repeating in case he' might for get them. At tho same time I enjoined him to keep me going, nnd not on any account to allow me to lie down. I then forgot everything for several minutes, and my friend tells me 1 rolled about ns if very faint and weak. He also informs me that the first thing I did was to fall against him, asking if I looked seedy. He most wisely answered, ' No, you look very well.' I don't think he thought so, for his own face was as white as a ghost : I recollect this much. He tells me my face was a greenish yellow colour. After walking, or rather stag gering, for some minutes, I gradually re covered my senses, steered for the near est chemist's shop. Rushing in, I asked for eau-dc-luce. Of course he had none, but my eye caught the words, ' Spirit, ammon. co.' or hartshorn, on a bottle. I reached it down myself, and pouring n large quantity into a tum bler with a little water, both, of which articles I found on a sodawater stand in the shop, drank it off, though it burnt my mouth and lips very much. In stantly I felt relief from the pain at the chest and head. The chemist stood aghast, and on ? my telling him what was the matter, he re commended a iwarm bath. If I had then followed his advice, these words would never have been placed on record. After a second draught at the hartshorn bottle I proceeded on my way, feeling very stupid and confused. On arriving at my friend's residence close by, he kindly procured me a bottle of brnndy, of which I drank four large wineglasses one after the other, but did not feel the least tipsy after the operation. Feel ing nearly well, I started on my way home, and then, for the first time, perceived a most acute pniu under the nail of the IIT1I. LIIUIIIU , biua |Miiii (llaw auii U|| UlC arm. I set to work to suck the wound and then found out how the poison got into. the system. About an hour before I examined the dead rat, I had been cleaning the nail with a penknife, and had slightly separated the nail from the skin beneath. Into this little crack the poison had got when I was scraping the rat's skin to examine the 'wonnd. How virulent, therefore, must the poison of the cobra be ! It already had been cir culated in the body of the rat, from which I had imbibed it second-hand.' — Buck- land's Curiosities of Natural History. Russian Enterprise. — Russia is doing great things in the south — levelling roads, improving old harbors, and deepen ing the mouths of the Volga at Astrakhan by steam-power. We have already stiid that the American engineers who went to raise the sunken vessels in the harbor of Sebastopol signally failed. The teredo, that active tunnel-borer, had anticipated them, so that the great, men of-war were found too weak to be lifted, and to have too little cohesion to be blown up, so there is nothing for it but to leave the fleet at the bottom till the worms have finished it. Altogether, 80 vessels were sunk. Elsewhere, Brother Jonathan has been successful ; his enter prising divers have got into the hold of the San Pedro, a Spanish war ship that blew up in the Bay of Cumana in 1815, with 3,000,000 dollars on board, while on her -way -to punish the . revolutionary Mexicans. '*' ' ''.c-.-^: .:.. '*_.''. ',...*; ;r Gunpowder Superseded.— A ne \- agent of destruction has' been patented i ? England, which bids fair to affect' a ' encire revolution in war, or. rather, e ? terrible destructive is it, to do away wit i war altogether. The material employe i is coal-tar naptha, by the combustion c which a dense fog is generated in whicr ' to use the words of the inventor, ' Th troops, enveloped/in nitrogen, sink power ' less to the earth, under the irresistibl influence of this appalling agent of de struction, and perish suffocated, in abso lute darkness.' It can be used eithe by land or water, and be either forcei through, a hose, or thrown in diaphnagn shells. ' A ditch supplied by pipes wit] this composition forms a barrier im passable by all living things. If drivei through a hose under water, it may bi ignited - on the surface by a pill o potassium; and the shells in a liki manner,' even if they burst short of tht ship or fortress against, which they an directed, will do immense' damage, a; they will contain pills of potassium, which will set fire to the naptha. on the surface of the water. Nature v. Man.— I sometimes wenl to Paris on affairs of business. I find, in d letter which I wrote to Madam Guizot during one of these journeys, the impres sions I experienced. ' At the first moment I feel pleasure at mixing again and conversing with the world, but soon grow weary of unprofitable words. There is no repetition more tiresome than that which hears upon popular matters. We are eternally listening to what we know already ; we are perpetually telling others what they are as well acquainted with ns we are ; this is at the same- time insipid and agitating. In my inaction, I prefer talking to the trees, the flowers, the sun, and the wind. Man is infinitely superior to nature ; but nature is always equal, and inexhaustible in her monotony; we know that she remains and must remain what. she is ; we never feel in her presence that necessity of moving in advance which makes us - impatient or weary of thu society of men when they fnil to satisfy this imperative demand. Who has ever fancied that the trees ought' to be red instead of green, or found fault with the sun of to-day for resem bling the sun of yesterday ? We demand of nature neither progress nor novelty ; and this is why nature draws us from the weariness of the world, while she brings repose from its excitement. It is her attribute to please for ever without changing ; but itnmoveable man becomes tiresome, and he is not strong enough to be perpetually in motion.' — M. Guizot. 