Extraordinary Escape from the City of Delhi. [From the " Lahore Chronicle" of Aug. 19.] We give prominent insertion to the following tale. The accounts induce us to believe that Providence intends that a dire . feeling of revenge shall be implanted in the breasts of our gallant soldiers, and that they will be made instruments of a vengeance as complete as it shall be bloody. Who can advocate moderation under such provocation ? We say, '? slay and spare not:"? "I and my friend, Mr William Clark, occupied a house in Cashmere Bazaar. We were both married. I had three children, Mr Clark had only one, but [Mrs Clark was about to give birth to another. On the morning of the 11th May I was preparing, about 9 a.m., to go to my office. We heard a great uproar, and one of my servants came in and said that some of the regiments had come away from Meerut after killing all the Europeans. We did not know what to do, and I sent away my buggy. We waited for two or three hours, and then another of my servants came in and said that all the bullrushes of the city had got together and were murdering all. the Europeans. On this, my wife; and children all began crying. Some of the servants went and stood at the gate, and one man came and told us to come and hide in his house. However, I was determined to go out and see what was the matter. I took a stick into my hand and walked into the street- It was altogether empty. I continued to walk down it without meeting any one. When I came to the end where it opened into another street running at right angles to it, I walked both ways along the latter, but it too was empty. There was only an old man sitting in one shop door, I stood for some time, but at some distance along the right I could see what seemed to be a crowd of men. It was very far off, and I could only just hear the noise and shout- ing. As I thought they might come up to our house, I stood watching them for some time. At length I heard a great noise behind, and looking round I saw a large crowd rushing into my gateway. They had also seen me, and some men came running down the street towards me. I immediately ran down the other street to the left. I knew that there was a small lane that led to my house, and by going a long way round I ran into it. There were some women standing at the doors and one or two men, but they did not say anything to me. I was running along, when two men ran out of another lane, calling out ' mar for ages so,' they rushed at me. One had a sword in his hand, and the other a lattes. I stopped suddenly, and turning quickly round I gave the man with the sword a blow over the head which brought him to the ground The other man aimed a blow at my head, but I had stooped forward and the latter only grazed my shoulder behind. I swung my stick round and it caught him just on his knBB, which made him sit down howling with pain. I saw people collecting behind me, and running on I came to a place where there were old carts arid bakeries lying in front of a carpenter's shop, and there was a roof of asked which had fallen down, and was lying on the ground. There was just room for me to creep under. I rolled myself up and lay there. I heard four or five men run by saying I' ida area to gym,' t he went this way.' I could hardly draw my breath. For some time after they had left I could hear nothing more. Then I began to think of my poor wife and children, and of Clark and his family. What if they had all been murdered,? As I thought of this I determined to go home. It made me feel like mad. But Howatson I heard a loud noise, and a large>crowd ful manner. They used the most horrible language, and it was all about the Europeans. Two or three women came out of the house and stood close to the shed, and a little child was leaning against the side. Some one however, called to them from above to come in and shut the doors. I lay still for a long time, for in that public street I did not know where I might not meet a man. But again I thought of my wife and children, and I determined to go to them at any cost. I crept out of the shed and stood up suddenly I heard a woman call out ' Kouu by ?' but I made no answer and walked towards my house This street was not in the centre of the city, but near the walls, and was not inhabited by Babies and. native writers And all the Budmashes had gone to loot the station outside. I only met one or two natives, I knew them, and they only said 'Save yourself. At length I came to the wall of the garden behind our house. I entered through a small wicket. It was now nearly four o'clock, for I had been all day under the shed. I heard firing, and once there was a terrible shock, which I afterwards found must have been the blow- ing up of the magazine. As I said before I got into our garden; everything was as still as death. When I got to the house around it were broken chairs, tumblers, plates, books, &c;, that had been thrown out from the house. There were some bundles of clothes lying burning. I went round to the side where the servants' houses were. There did not seem to be anyone in them. At length I heard a noise as if of some one crying near the cow-house. I went there and found that it was our old derby, an old man who had been in my father's service for nearly 20 years. I called out his name, and when he saw me he burst out louder, saying I Oh! Sahib ! they have killed them all? they have killed them all.' I felt very. weak and faint, and I said 'Get me some water. He brought me some from his own house. I sat down and said Now tell me how it all happened. First he only cried, and then he said, * Oh,! Sahib ! when you had gone away, the Mem Sahibs and all the children sat together very frightened, for we could hear a great noise and the firing of guns, And Clark Sahib got out his fowling piece and loaded it. I asked him if I should shut the gate, but he said No, we have nothing to fear. But soon a large crowd with sticks, and swords, and spears came into the compound. Clark Sahib stood on the steps and said " What do you want ?' They only abused him, and said they would kill every jFeringhee. He came into the house but did not shut the door. The people all rushed in. The servants all run away, only I remained behind. Mr Clark said Take everything away but do not kill us.' They then abused him, and looked at Mrs Clark and said 'Is this your wife?' and laughed at him. They began to break and loot everything. My Mem Sahib had taken the three babies into the ghost khan and shut the door. Mr Clark had stood with his guard hidden behind him, but they saw it and said Give it to us; and then one man went to Mrs Clark and touched her face and I spoke bad words to her. Clark Sahib called out in a terrible voice You door!' and shot him dead. He then wounded another man with the other barrel and commenced fighting with his gun like a latter. I knew that now they would murder everyone. I ran to get the Mem Sahib out of the ghoBul khana, but there were people all around the house. They hit me and told me to go away, or they would murder me too. I went into the garden and sat behind a hedge. I heard a great crying, and then threw things out of the house and broke the panes of glass in the doors. They then said Let us go and look,' and they all went away. I felt as if I had been stunned for some time. I then got up but I could hardly stand, and I said Come into the house with me. We went into the house. Every- where things were lying about that had been most wantonly destroyed. Tables had been split to pieces with hatchets; cupboards had been emptied out and everything strewed on the floor; jams and jellies were lying in heaps, biscuits were strewn about, and there was an overpowering smell from brandy and wine that had run from the broken bottles. * * * Every minute detail is distinctly imprinted upon my mind, for with that cowardly shrink- ing from a knowledge of the worst, which is common to us all, I lingered in this outer room and kept looking round it, At length I nerved myself and stepped into the next room, which was the hall. Oh! I had indeed need to nerve myself. Just before me, pinned to the wall, was poor Clark's little son, with his head hanging, and a dark stream of blood trickling down the wall into a large black pool which lay near his feet. And the cruel death they must have inflicted before the mother's eyes. I closed my eyes and shuddered, but I opened them upon even yet a more dreadful sight. Clark and his wife lay side by side. But I will not, I could not describe that scene I have said that she was far advanced in pregnancy. * * * * I heard an exclamation, and going into the bedroom near the hall, I saw the old derby ringing his hands and crying. He was standing at the door leading into the bath room. I rushed to the door, but I could not enter. I could not hear to face that spectacle, I could not bear to think I that I might see my poor wife as I had seen poor Mrs Clark. 1 sat down and placed my ? hands on my knees. I did not cry, it seemed as if there was some terrible weight that had been placed on the brain, and the tears could not come out. I do not know how long I sat there, but at length the old derby said that he heard people passing, and that it was not safe for me there, so he took me into his house It was now nearly dark. My servants would Inf Ii'Ii-oItt ha -another hand- in their hiding. and could not trust them. He told me that he would take me that night to his brother's house, which was on the other side of the city, and then try and get into the open country, when we would make for Kurnaul. 1 lay down in his house and he sat outside; not long after a large gang of people came into the compound. They laughed, and shouted, and veiled. They passed out by a small wicket which was quite close to the servants' houses, and I heard one man say 'kara in masha by a.' ' What fun this is. The servants too came back. They began to talk about what had happened, and I was glad to find that they were sure that I was dead. One man said that it was very wrong to kill the Mem Sahib and the children, and that now, where were they to get a beggar." But another said that we were Kaffirs, and that now the King of Delhi would provide for every one: After midnight I crept into the garden and there put on a petticoat and veil belonging to the dhoby's wife. I then went into the road where I met him. He took me i on to his brother's house. Everywhere there was great excitement in the streets. There was a great blaze in the direction of the magazine, and outside of the walls there was a fire of musketry. When he came near his brother's house, he told me to remain quiet at the corner, and he would go in and see who was there. And this was very lucky for me. I found afterwards that his brother was very happy at the thought that he could now keep all his clothes. He would not have tried to save me, but just the contrary. I sat there for a long time with people passing and re-passing. If they had only known that a Peringee was within a few feet of them. I have been all my lifetime in the country, but still I felt afraid lest any one should speak to me. I did not know but they might re- mark that my chuddur was held awkwardly, and thus find me out. In this suspense I sat for some time. It was now the first dawn of the morning, and I supposed I had to remain the whole day in the city. This thought began to trouble me; but at last the old man came out driving before him a bullock on which was a load of clothes. He did not come towards me, but went down the street the opposite way. I again began to be afraid that he wanted to leave me to my fate, when I remembered what an old and trustworthy servant he had been, and it struck me that he did not want to draw observation to me. I therefore waited till he had got some distance and then followed him. We went on till we were out of the street in which his brother's house was. He then stopped and beckoned me. I went and joined him, and he told me that his brother would not have assisted me, and that he himself had at once said that he would not stop in the city where there was all this disturbance, and that he had now come away on the pretence that he was going home to his village. We were not stopped at the gate, which was wide open. We went on along the broad road for about three miles. The old derby then said that he must make for the Kurnaul road. In order to do this we had to make a circuit almost round the whole city. People were hurrying along the roads towards Delhi, and did not molest us. We got on very slowly, but towards evening, we got into the Kurnaul road. Here the case was different. People were to be seen going along it laden with plunder; one j gang surrounded us, and said the old man j was. very cunning, and was taking away some very rich goods. He, however, said at once, ' Search my bundle,' which they did, and finding nothing they let us go. I then told the old man whenever a gang came near us to call out to tell them to go and loot the Eeringhees, and to make jokes about what had occurred. This he used to do, and it averted all suspicion from us. And after the first day we always started very early in the morning, indeed very shortly after midnight, and I could then go alone on the bullock. On the third day we halted near a small temple. We sat down under a peepul tree, and a goatee came and sat by a pool of water near it. The old derby went to procure some food, and sitting in the shade, with a cool breeze blowing, I tell asleep. When the derby came back, he awoke me up, and the old priest said that he knew I was a Fe rights. We then begged of him to have pity on me, and he said, ' Go, go, I never hurt any one. I got tired of disguise, and was indeed ashamed of it, so as I thought no one would harm us so far from Delhi, I put on a suit of clothes clothes. We were often insulted, and hooted and abused by the villagers, but they did not offer me any personal violence, I saw the body of an European woman lying shockingly mutilated by the roadside, and it made me sick to see a vulture come flying along with a shrill cry. I saw another body of one of our countrymen, it was that of a lad about sixteen. He had been evidently killed with the blow of a stick. I buried him, but it was but a shallow grave I could give him poor? fellow. I heard on the road of a party of, Europeans being some distance ahead of me, and tried to overtake them, but could not. 1 had been suffering of some time before of a peculiar running in my leg; this had become very much worse from the severe exercise, from the heat, and from the dirt that got to it. Eloquently I could just drag myself along. At any other time I could not have borne the agony. But the desire of life is a very powerful motive to exertion. 1 had very often thought before of that hour when death should stand by my side I had not thought that I should ever be thus be brought face to face with him. And after all I had lost, life seemed darkened for ever, yet the strong natural instinct urged me to make every' endeavour to save my life. Still, strange as it may seem, it was not my death that 1 feared. As I stood wrapped up in suicide I would have welcomed a shot that would have at once destroyed me. It was bethought of the bitterness of that no-' meat when' j, should have to gaze on. death'S naked lace; it was the thought of the humiliation of the moment when JLBtood uncovered before those whom I had hitherto looked down on, and be at their mercy ; but I think above all was the thought of the pain and agony, of dying through thexdfects of ghastly wounds. But from all these things the good- ness of the Almighty has delivered me. On at Kurnell. I was taken in by a good Samaritan. The excitement that had hitherto sustained me being now over, a reaction took place. A brain fever set in, and I became delirious. It is now that I am recovering from its effects. , " My poor friend Clark! My poor wife and children. Never more shall I see them upon earth again. ' (Signed) James Morley." 