CURRENCY, TO THE EDITOR OF THE Allow, SIR-Mr. Hellicar, in ventilate a above topic, in yours of the 17th, could have been ignorant of the rules, newspaper letter columns. live there surprised at MR unreasonable Itueuao ghosts, and the more so seeing four units my request to be reasonable u lieving those spiritual or material life that gentleman to be, on the whole inclined to robe themselves In roam dogmatism than to reason, I hope I any pretensions to the higher level of table-turning, by upsetting Mr, m notions, to prove that, however one may have studied Finance and Co either in the corn market of Bristol! classic shades of the Great Monds is on the question are soundly, based inconclusive, as to demonstrate his CIM be the "Gamaliel" of Australian cS for more delusive and ghostlike the Boys " assumption of the arena I come to the second paragraph of the Mr. Hellicar states that he knows of 5 ference of value ; if by that he means he value, as represented by similarity OTE! tity and quality, we are thus far agreed j I think I am right in saying that dun on accidental difference in value prior d law which legalises Australian gold eda conferring upon it the privilege of bets ported free of duty enjoyed by Imperial gold coinage-a dress which may be construed into a I porary injustice to foreign creditors,] ceased to be, such immediately sent realisation became generally known; as! a generally recognised fact that one mercantile education is prepared for variations of exchange and currency that they only are unjUBt when enter for the purpose of fraud, which wain motive here ; it was to save the news incurring the expenses attendant up ing our raw gold to England, and A charges and insurance upon the rate coin, byuBing a coinage equally secure, obtained just so much cheaper as thee! and expenses on Australian coinage than on gold sent to England for this pc Accustomed to leak upon gold colo i standard of value, I am altogether to understand from what currency tion Mr. Hellicar has drawn his held this proclamation will depreciate both I and Sydney gold coinage; before us both be depreciated, other than by the operations of exchange between the other places, which exchanges will be by the balance of trade or ace circumstances such as loaned its function, Mr. Hellicar will have to fresh standard of value, and the of recognise it. In reference to the remark as to a so being. a fairly adjusted tender for a i 20 shillings prior to the gold discov I to understand that it has ceased to or rather, why Mr. Hellicar assumes such must be the conclusion he wish drawn, and I am prepared to col Most nations of large commercial h recognise gold as the standard, and w therefore had the ratio vogue views and silver been materially altered gold It would have its results in centre of currency, by increasing the, silver, and thereby leading to the a of the weight of silver coinage. I Mr. Hellicar enters on a long parag meaning of which I am at loss t can imagine him wishing to mean different things, but not being decide which, I shall content by saying that there can be an i or conclusion drawn in this matter action of English law in reference coin, because its legalised value It than its intrinsic value, by the Stand whereas, it has been admitted that colly our coinage is as valuable as Bl Now for the last paragraph, the mt of which is the probable railway £8,000,000. Taking into consideration that we are a gold-producing people, imagine that much of this loan made in coinage-it will be in the railways and general men and in whatever may be the am the balance remaining to be recede after the goods required by the coll been paid for, under Mr. Helllcur'e s: British coinage, would have to be so sovereigns, made out of our gold, on? should have paid the charges to EDIT raw gold, and should have to pay the of transit here. Now, I maintain th the new system we should retain the coin it here; thus save to the colons ference between the dear system of by sending to Britain, and the c si nding to Sydney-a saving which increased if the Mint were at Melba the avoidance of the transit charge from Sydney. Well, then, what will be theatres of the proclamation ? A saving both of the difference between the two sp coinage, and the ultimate disuse of gold coinage. The intrinsic value of a man sovereigns will give them a get cognition. - Your obedient servant. A LANE Mr Richmond, 20th April, 1869., I ' 9 TO THE EDITOR OF THE iBtJCI. . Sir-Your correspondent. Mr. star in his letter of yesterday, a' subject of the currency, appears tokens of the fact that the British sovereigns Australian sovereign have the suit authority, each having been Powerful tender in this colony by virtue of their prerogative. , , ,, of He says that " previous to the way of gold the sovereign was a WEST legal payment for a debt of 200. in u in the other colonies not producing This is on error in point of a' British sovereign was not a tal team this colony or in New South Wales vM promulgation of the Order to COMes 16th Ootober, 1852, which took effect country from the 18th October,.IBU after the discovery of gold. WhenHr.W» speaks disparagingly of the "Ptorffi made-law" which legalised the Aus sovereign here, he surely cannot me that the obligation to receive the JJ sovereign was Imposed, like cuts "j the Australian sovereign, by au laws Queen in Council. .,. is a fit The truth is. that the Act 68 On. BJ. o _l.l"u_\\."" -"M ""In theoull unites magnum, was uwuuw -J -rija lish Law-officers of two successively trations never to have been in force in South Wales. Had it been of hear Queen's prerogative could not ns«,| exerted in establishing the Sydney II coin! of which is not " coin of the realm J cause of its exclusion by that Act. The coinage, therefore, both Brian. Australian, has been legalised in the is by ifroclomation and as the coins oW Mints have the same weight, fines legal authority, they will continue, its country, to bear the same value. ¿ I leave your other correspondent the in the points in Mr. Helllcufc letter to matters of opinion. I desire early to g public right on a matter of fact in history. I am, Sir, yours very obedient Melbourne, 20th April, 1865 