J A Romantic Fpkbral Cohteoe:.— A i'unoraj |f ;^l f cortege of unusual proportions passed tlirougJi -.'?-??. f the streets of the second district one evening ,j,(- last week. The hearse was drawn by four wlutis ^ ;&? I horsas, and fifty carriages followed. iiy th« u .§, S Iiear3e one man walked \»ch Jiis hat in Ins hand, P' ; %? whilst the remainder of the followers v«re m Ijfi the carriages. Tho peculiar eirm.1 instant oi YM the funeral were these: About frhreo inontM j ;p, ago, two German citizens, well-circumstanced m ' j-iV life, were ou a drinking frolic together. During ' \\}\ their conviviality, they discovered they wero . \f-] both from a particular part of Germany. They ?'!;, thereupon ratified a perpetual friendship, and, |, ? ,f, under the enthusiasm of tho occasion, wont so t- .,., iar as to maKe a iunerai couipaut, niu jiroi ismun , , , of which were, that the first- one to die should ;'',??} be buried by the other, the survivor to pay all ^y expenses, to have the hearse drawn by four }] white horses, aud followed by fifty carriages, ;H-i,\ and to walk himself by the side of tho hearse as j r j|; chief mourner. One of the parties happened to W \% die last week : the other fulfilled his compact as -j^f ,*, above described. — J7. O. Crescent. f^X Tun Mormon Peesiue^t and nis-PAiifLV.'—. Mi I know the feelings of a great many, and ,1 I'Hr need not go out of my own family to hear, ,j,;|'j ?'My dear, are there no ribbons corning? I l^r want that artificial, quick; I want you to go '}tv and buy me that nice bonnet, for I am afraid S'.j; there neve.T will be another one brought here.' ''--h If I am tnod in any point in thi3 world, it is Ci; with regard to tho bearings of my own con- Uj'.- duct to my own family. X have told them, ,j^ and tell them, nnd ialk to them, and talk about |.y| j it, and ask them, am I in the liuo oi my duty ;;y, while I can feed women and children who do ',Vf., nothing but ait and fold their bauds and wear ^;; out their clothing, and dress them in finery '?%]}) and pamper th6in, nnd they get so that good jV..; beef, pork, bread, butter, aheoso, tea, coffee v, '??? aud sugar, with fruit and all kinds of garden !.'- sauce, are no rarity to them, at all, and their. ij^v appetites are poor and they cannot eat ? That j^i is tho case with me in my fiimily. If there is \fc'i any trial upon mo it is to hnow whether I am jjH-j in the line of my duty in this matter. Should !:(j-}' not I take my tea and coffee, my beef and pork, j',,1*; and every other good thing, aud put into the *: hands of tho men who sweatowrtherockforlho ' *?; temple, instead of feeding men, women, aud '^.\ children who do not strive todoa'l they nro j;s';' capable of doing ? I am tried in that point, ^\ and I must say that, if there is anything in tho 1 ';,,?- world that bothers me, it is the whining of women and children to prevent me from doing that which I know that I ought to do. J will acknowledge with Brother Kimbali, and I know ic is the case with him, that I am a great lover of women. In what particular? I love to sea them happy, to see them well-fed and well ulothcd, and I love to see thorn cheerful. I love to see their facog nnd talk with them, when they talk in righteousness, but as for any thing more, I do not cave. There aro probably but few men in the world who care about the private society of women less than I do. I also lovo ohildron, and delight to make thorn happy. I accumulate a large amount of means, but I would just as soon feed 1113' neighbour aa myself. And every one wild knows me knows whether or not a piece of johnny^cako and butter and a potatoo satisfies Brighahi. lean live on as cheap and as pluin food as can any man in Israel I have said to 1113- family a a great, many times, I want you to make mo home- made clothing, but I would meet such a whizzing about my ears if I were to have oven a pair of home-made pantaloons made. T do not know that I have a wilb in tho world lint what would say, 'You are not going to wear them; you ough to wear something more res pectable, for you deserve to as much as any raaa does.' — Sermon ofBrirjkcm Young. The Rioni Apsiihal pok Cbo.ystadt. — There runs a story — (I don't vouch for its truth. I tell it as it was told to me) — there runs a story, that, in the late Russian war, a certain naval veteran, renowned for professional daring aud scientific invention, was examined before some great officials as to the chances of taking Gronstadt. 'If you send me,' said the Admiral, 'with so many ships of the line, and so many gunboats, Gronstadt, of course, will bo taken. But,' said a prudent lord, 'suppose. it should not bo taken V ? 'That is impossible — it must be taken ! ' 'Yes,' persisted my lord, 'you think so, no doubt ; but still, if it should not be taken — what then?' '-Vhat then ! — why, there's an end of the British fleet ! ' The great men took alarm, and that ad miral was not sent. But they misconstrued the meaning of his answer. He meant not to imply ', any considerable danger to the British fleet. He meant to prove that one hypothesis was im- 1 possible by the suggestion of a counter impossibi- j lity more self-evident. 'It is impossible but whatl shall take Cronstadt ! 'But if you don't , take it ? ' 'It is impossible but what I shall take it ; for if I don't take it, there's an end of the British fleet ; and as it is impossible that there i should be an end of the British ileet, it is im possible that I should not take Oonstadfc.— QE.T-.~J2uhcer Lyltoii in 'Blachtsood's Mac/a ine.' Cape Horn.— Yes, there it was, thai dreaded and tempestuous cape; that bold and rocky promontory, which jhas been (,to the hardy mariner a ghost of fear and boding ever sinco its grim outlines were first discovered ! there it now stood close to me, bidding defiance alike to the ocean storms as to the mountain waves that dash against fits surface ! A pyramidal mass, with its triangular front looking towards the mysterious south! The Horn! The Mtima T/ntle of. the Spaniard's rich land of America! The tempest-born home that birave spirits venturing near have oft in vain contended with; the haunt of the wild winds from, afar that hither come to batter stout-built ships and trample down the courage of tho hardy sea men ! Yos, there it was, at only two miles oil', frowning in haughty grandeur upon tho litllo barque that was creeping up as clo.^e as pos sible to its giant base. But hark f how the waters in huge masses roll in upon that ada mantine pyruinid ! It is riot pleasant to the ear, though it may be grand tho 9je. — Narra- tive of Life in the Southern Seas. A Smaiit man. — A certain Herr 0 ? , for instance, whom we met in Nicaragua, returning from San .Francisco, was a good speoiniea of n 'smart man.' He was by birth a German, b'mv. had been many years in California, where he liad carried on the various professions of gold-digger, innkeeper, apothecary, physican, nightwatch man, and horse-dealer ; but, as all these specula tions had, sooner or later, turned ont infortunate ly, and the dollars were becoming extremely scarce, he bethought himself to shave his head, put on the cowl and habit of a Capuchin monk, and set up as itinerant confessor among the gold diggers of Spanish origin in tho side valleys of the Rio Sacramento, his black hoard and hia familiarity with the Spanish language being ex rellent qualifications for f he office, There war. plenty of work for a confessor among the gold diggers, so that he had quite a rush of penitents, and he was liberal of absolution, though rather strict about the fees of his.holy. office, and would only receive them in gold. This 'dodge' was at that time new, and, therefore, extremely profitable ; but it was : afterwards spoiled by competition. *? * Having made a pretty little sum as father confessor , he became a cattle dealer again, and then,, somehow or other, got rid of his money once more ; wbereirpon he resolved to take his leave ? of 'California^ establish ' himself on. the isthmusj arid levy contribution' upon passengers as a notel-V;eepe£;.and to:thafc cnd,^as part of his etookj-in-trade, he provided himself with a handsoiD'e wife, .who was, like himself, of; . ?; a speculative 'uurn and fond of travelling. But how many GitlifomianB fought for her pretty face, or, ia gensral, iow the worthy pair fared after that time 1 cannot undertake to say. I should HBS9lfliflBMHBMHlllHHHHHHHHHHMfHiHllllBBiHHHI 