AN EXTENSIVE FORGERY. The SydrieylJ?mpiW of the 11th inst. reters as folldwsito a matter :jvhich has excited no small consternation in the neighboring colony , ":For th'eJ'asl itwo.'jidays': a rumor has spread through the' town that' a forgery to a large extent had been committed upon one of our banking in- stitutions, and that the successful perpetrator nau absconded with an. immense quantity of gold and banknotes. £20;000'was named as the amount, and in the natural course of things this sum rapidly increased until it reached £40,000, as the report circulated from one person to the other. Without due confirmation of the fact, we were unwilling at the time to publish any of tbe vague assertions which were prevalent. We have since made every inquiry to ascertain the truth or talsity of the re port, but as tbe only parties who are in possession of the details of what turns out to be a ver y seri ous fraud, are unwilling, in tbe present stage of the matter, to publish them, we can only state the bare fact, which may be relied upon, viz., that . bills < .« i. ' u. Ki»' ATocora Kftrintr purporting w uu ubwwuvu 0 Brothers, of London, to a very large amount, have been presented atthcAustralianJointStoekBank, arid cashed in due course. Since their presenta tion circumstances have transpired which leave little doubt that the drafts were not genuine, and a furtlicr'inquiry has resulted in the despatch of Inspector Singleton, of tbe detective force, to Mollimirne. in search of the ' perpetrator of the fraud, who is supposed to have gone to that city. The individual in question is a foreigner named De Miranda. As to the exact aihount of money which Miranda has succeeded in. getting off with, we are not informed, further than that it is some thing very considerable. , It is stated that Inspec tor Reid has received orders to leave by the Simla; and hold himself in readiness to proceed from Mel bourne to London, should Singleton not have been successful in tracing the object of his search.!' The Melbourne Herald gives the following ad ditional information from a private source : — ' "De Miranda, we are iuformed, presented some letters of-credit, ' purporting to have been issued by Baring Brothers, of London, in his favor at the Sydney Joint Stock Rank.'' Tli'e credits were to' the extent of £20,000,andjthe bank honored to the- full amount. The money was T subsequently! paid through a third party— a/mercahtilb Jiouse we are told— into the Oriental Bank, to the credit of De Miranda, who obtained from tbe Sydney establish ment a credit on the Melbourne branch for the sum. De Miranda came td" Melbourne a few days ago, and having drawn his money from the Oriental Bank in this city, decamped, and lir.s not since been heard of. It is believed that his destination will he England, and Insuector Reid of the Svdnev detective force, has orders. to proceed home by the Simla, should it appear that the culprit has "made tracks " in that direction.- . Rumors. — It is rumored that the -Attorriey- Genernl intends withdrawing his almost univer sally condemned Education Bill; and thiacer-. tainly would be tbe best course to adopt, as any further time spent upon it this session is so much absolutely lost, for the bill has not the ghost of a chance of passing both Houses . of Parliament. Rumors of ministerial changes have been quite current during, the last few days, and we have heard the names of three or four gentlemen to whom we were assured the Cominissionership of Customs has been given. We have not the slightest doubt that all such gossip is premature. — Herald. Cricket — The Bcndigo Advertiser of Monday says.— Wc understand that the Clydesdale Cric ket Club have accepted the challenge sent to Sandhurst -by the Barker's Creek Cricket Club. The match is to come off on next Thursday fort night, but it is not yet decided whether it will be played upon the ground of the Clydesdale, at Kangaroo Flat, or in the Camp Reserve. The Clydesdale Cricket Club would. prefer the latter, should the ground be got in anything like order, but they fear that will be rather a difficult job. On the following, day the same journal corrected an error in the above statement. — We-find we were: in error in stating that the Clydesdnle Club had arranged to play the Barker's Creek Club. It should have been an eleven selected from the Clydesdale, Sandhurst, aud Epsom Clubs. The ground to be played on is .riot yet determined on. Another Warning.— Sergeant Robinson, of the police force, informs us that, a few days ago, a snake of a brown color, nearly four feet in length, was killed near the Powder Magazine by one of the force. Tbe animal was coiled round a tree, '"and though so closely resembling the sur rounding herbage in appearance, that it: was not readily detected, the keen eye of the Nonstable discovered the reptile, and- a piece of quartz, hurled nt him with that accuracy of aim which (as the sergeant informs us) distinguishes the Tipperary' men, absolutely cut him in two. As nursemaids, with children in their arms, and' others frequently ait down to rest iu sueh locali ties as the neighborhood qf. the Powder Magazine, it i3 well they should be aware of the dangers to which they may by inadvertence expose them-, selves.' ' Punishment of : Soldiers— It is remarkable in connection with the court-martials recently held; on two soldiers of the 40th, for refusing to'inarch without marching allowance, that a few days since when .the vote for the military was under consi deration in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Heales asked, the Treasurer, why this allowance had not been paid to the soldiers, and also why they were compelled to carry their knapsacks during' their march from Castlemaine, .in the hottest part of summer? The Treasurer replied that he really could, not say, inasmuch as the government, in its multifarious functions, did not perform those of the Coinmissnry-General. If the insubordination 'which led to these two court-martials had then been known to the House, hon. members would perhaps have required a more satisfactory reason why, so long as the colonial government contri buted towards the pay of her majesty's troops, tne commissary- ixenerai stiould adopt a course calculated to drive the men to mutiny, and thus sully the character of the regiment. — Herald. The Yield of Gold. — fix. Khull's' statistics of the gold fields, for the year 1857, consists' of a valuable digest of all the information available for.the. purpose, intended by the compiler; 'The circular states, with reference to' the ascertained yield of the precious metal, during the year 1857, — "That the average weekly quantity sent down from the mines was 49,300 against 50,852 oz. in 1856, being at the rate of £6200 per week less in 1857 than in 1854."- It then furnishes a tabula ted statement of the quantities received by escort, and brought down by private hand, as well as of the shipment of '.gold fromthe different; ports of Victoria, etc. .,The comparative shipments from 1852 to 1858, the produce of the mines for the same period,. .the., fluctuations in- the prices .of gold, and the rates of Exchange, arc also exhibited in a concise form. ; Iimio'rlant ' to Purcbaseri at Auction Sales.— At the .Carisbrook Police Court; onrTuesday. a most important decision was given by the presiding ma gistrates, with regard to forfeiture of goods pur chased at- auction ' A Mr. Battey sued a person named Bcamond for £20, balanee'of account due. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that Mr) Beamond attended ri horse sale held by Air. Virtue in Maryborough and bid £22; 10s for a dray. The article was knocked down to liim; and ho paid £2 10s deposit thereon. About a week or two after wards, finding the dray hot " up to the mark," he .told the auctioneer' he would forfqit the deposit and the dray. Pluiniiff, for whom Mr.' Virtue was selling, refused to accept this, land the dray was put up lor ' sale' at the defendant's 'risk. Mr. Virtue was exiimiued as ;t'o t what were the conditions of 'sale; read at" the time of the sale.- .He said that, the,, only conditions read were that' the highest -bidder was tob'o the purchaser, and 10 per cent, was tO;be paid down on the fall of the hammer, aud the'balance to .'be paid on delivery, which would be given immediately after the sale ; there .was nothing said about forfeiture. The Bench 'nt ouce decidcd that defendant should pay the balance' due, find ,. that. the dray, which was still in Mr. Virtue's bandB, should be deliverer! up to him on such' payment being; made.— Mite D. Advertiser. . ' ' 