A STEAM TUG FOB NEWCASTLE. Newcastle requires a steam ' tug. This truth has been so often repeated, both orally * anil in print, that the reiteration of it seenis^iike the ghost of ail old ballad, or the repetition of some well remembered axiom in geometry1. /In, fact, almost everything tlmt can be said upon, the' sub- ? ject of a steam tug bus been already tugged out of it, and consequently there is itiry little margin, lull for anything like _oiiginal thinking. The facts, adducible in favour of the question are so salient that anyone writing on the matter could scarcely .foil to notice ttheni. This, we . lieiveive. is ihe reason why they have so frequently been brought under the notice of the public, both through the medium of the platform and that ol the newspaper. And yet these farts are of bo much importance lhat they must be again and again obtrude'd upon .pablic attention, so that a healthy public opinion .on this important topic may be thereby formed, and one of the great coinuK i\ial d. side'i ata- of our pott and city be eventually supplied. A few days ago, whilst a strung breeze was blowing, two vessels touched the shore, and a' third was obliged to cast anchor to prevent her self from drifting on the oyster bank. Il£r pro gress towards destruction was arrested, when bill .fl few yards distant from the spot yyhefe''tiie JSlcaiior Lancaster was wrecked Mud the wind . a ? ?« at the time been a little stronger, and accompa nied by a heavy sen, no seamanship could have saved the ship. One of the other vessels already alluded to got into rather critical circumstances on the port side of tho Nobby, but eventually got off through the assistance of the pilot and other boats. The third vessel ran aground on the sand fiank that juts out from the North Shore, but was soon after released from all peril by the exertions of her crew. Owing to the circumstances under which these accidents occurred, none of them were of a serious nature. They might, however, have ended in dismay and terrible disaster. Their liarndessness depended altogether on the caprice of yKolus. Had a sudden and violent gust I reached. tl4'in at a critical moment, or had the sea been riiiiSing lii-.'Ii when they became unmanag- j ? atlltf, they might have every one been lost, and , thus an amount of property more than equal to j the value of a steam tug would have been de stroyed by a single gale. | A steam tug is not only necessary to enable j vessels to enter our port during th,o prevalence of j very ln-*h winds, but is also necessary to eiiatilo j vessels to get out of port during tho )irevalencc 1 of very high winds, and is also necessary to enable vessels to get out of port during the prevalence of contrary winds: The detention of a number of wind-bound ships for any considerable time is a ' serious loss to individuals, and through them to the country. This loss might in nearly all cases bo avoided, could vessels avail themselves of the power of a steam vessel, and so at once proceed to sea, or enter port, according to their pleasure. A steam tug therefore ranks high amongst the pressing wants of Newcastle. A steam tug would not only bo able to render assistance to shipping during the prevalence of stormy or contrary winds, but would also be able to tow vessels out of port and into it during seasons of calm. Our wind-god sometimes sleeps, and at such times our rocks and breakers are par ticularly treacherous. On Monday last a vessel was beating about during the greater part of the morning close to the shore owing to the lack of wind, and she might have got into peril had any unfavourable conjunction of circumstanccs occur red at the time. Had she been really in danger, and had there been n steam tug in the port, the latter might have rendered her effectual assistance. A lew weeks ntio a schooner became embayed in one of the bights near Redhead, a few miles from this city, and would probably have drifted into the' breakers had not one of the Sydney steamers . Il,n'»l,nnnnr'« l- r.r .lwlr,-«s .-mil proceeded to her aid. A more signal illustration of the advantages of a steam tug to the shipping entering our port could scarcely be furnished. It ought also to be remembered that the Go vernment in granting a sum of money lor the procuration of a steam tug would be conferring a favour not nr. rely on Newcastle but on the coun try at large. The ships that would derive bene fit from the use of a steam tug hail from every »sr»rf null from |-VP1-V rlinip. Siimn nmnc* from England, some from America, and some from the sister colonies, while a large number of them belong to the ports of New South Wales. Many of these vessels belong to persons whose re sidences are scattered throughout the colony, and hence any advantages afforded to the.n would lie sure to he lelt more or less throughout the land. We merely offer this consideration as a sort of sop to lliose narrow-minded politicians who either cannot or will not perceive the the intertangle uient of tho relations of things, aud who, conse quently, fail to discern that a benefit conferred on one large mercantile interest is sure to diffuse itself, and exert a beneficial influence oil all other related interests. We shall return to, this subject again, even al though we sliould have to say over the tilings already said, and we shall do so because we be lieve that the matter should be kept in a state of agitation, and not be allowed to die out in the 'public mind. 