SOUTH AUSTRALIA. EXPLORATION BY MR. BABBAGE. Thomson's Station near Depot Creek, 3rd March, 1858.—Sir,—I beg leave to report for the information of his Excellency that I left Port Augusta on the afternoon of the 1st March, with the tank cart, and three of the men, and that I arrived at the Port Lincoln crossing-place about midway yesterday. On examining the bed of the gulf across which the track goes, I found it so soft, owing to the late thunder storm's rains, that I did not judge it prudent to attempt the passage with the tank cart, more especially as the nearest fresh water was twenty-two miles off, and I had not the means with me of distilling sufficient water for the horses. I, therfore, reluctantly gave up my inten- tion of crossing the Gulf at that place and came on to this station, which is about sixteen miles from Sleeps' crossing place between the Gulf and the Lake. I left Mr. Harris encamped about three miles from Port Augusta on his road to this station, to which I have directed him to move on all the stores, whilst waiting for further directions from me as to the depot which I hope to establish near Lake Camp- bell. Meanwhile Mr. Harris will log down the shores of the Gulf and Lake especially at Sleeps' crossing and occupy himself and party with such other surveys as he may find to be desirable for the better carrying out of your instruction. There was no water in the bed of the gulf of the Port Lincoln crossing, excepting in a small channel near the centre, left no doubt by the late rains. It is rather remarkable that this water tasted like brine (salt and water), and not like brack or sea water, the taste of the latter being wanting. I dug a hole in another arm of the gulf that came up near the track, and a little water soon oozed in, which had the same peculiarity. The dry surface of the gulf was covered with small crystals of sulphate alumina (or gypsum) : the up- per crust consisted of a strong blueish clay and marl mixed with sand, below which, near the bank, was sand through which the brine came. Further in the middle the sand was replaced by a bright blue clay, both stratas containing an abun- dance of crystal, the salt of the sea was left without its bitterness, thus account- ing for the pure briny taste of the water. The barometer showed a difference of level between two arms of the gulf of thirty-three feet, although there was scarcely a quarter of a mile of sand- hills between them. I was surprised to find indications of so rapid a fall in the bed of the gulf. As soon as I receive a copy of the observations of the barometer, which are being made for me at Port Augusta, I shall be able to give you the elevation of the bed of the gulf at the Port Lincoln crossing- place, above the sea level. I may mention an interesting fact connected with the mirage so often seen, namely, that when I was standing in the centre of the "surface dry" bed of the gulf I saw a beautiful sheet of water with head- lands and cliffs at the foot of the Flinders Range ; as soon, however, as I mounted the sandy bank, the mirage, with its beau- tiful delusions, vanished, thus, to some extent, confirming my hypothesis that the great extent of mirage seen by Mr. Goyder in the north was owing to the co-operation of the waters left by the rains of the preceding March, the coun- try being dry when I visited Blanchwater myself. I saw no mirage * * * * I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, B. H. BABBAGE. The honorable the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration." — Adelaide Times. ENERGY OF CHARACTER. — I lately happened to notice, with some surprise, an ivy which, being prevented from attaching itself to the rock beyond a certain point, had shot off into a bold elastic stem, with an air of as much independence as any branch of oak in the vicinity. So a human being thrown, whether by cruelty, injustice, or accident from all social support and kindness, if he has any vigor of spirit, and is not in the bodily debility of either childhood or age, will instantly begin to act for himself with a resolution which will appear like a new faculty.—Foster THE "TIMES."—Of its history and its tro- phies we have not space to speak, nor indeed do we know enough. We have no introduction to the mysteries of Printing-house- square. We have seen gentlemen who enjoy, among their friends, the reputation of " writing for the Times," though we question their claims to the honor. We have been assured that this article was written by Mr. Cranky, because his wife was not invited to Lady Palmerston's parties---and that, because Mr. High had obtained a government office. We have observed—more, however, some years ago, than at present—a kind of unity of style in the articles, as if they were written in some cases by young men of talent, and corrected by an old hand. In particular scarceely one leader used to be without a quaint application of Scripture phrases. But, however, this may be, of the general excellence and marvellous ability of the Times there can be no doubt. It has been censured as unprincipled—it has been termed democratic ; yet, on the great questions of the church, of university education, and many others, it has taken a sound and moderate line. It is rarely personal, never im- moral or irreligious. It forms a national taste for good English. Day after day it flings upon our breakfast tables essays of transcendent merit. There are men among the crowd in London, who can write with the nerve and succulence of Junius, with the pure English wit of Swift, with the majes- tic swing and exuberant fancy of Burke. Macaulay has nothing more sparkling, Berkley nothing more beautiful. Gibbon nothing more ornamented and epigramatic than the leaders in the Times. We have read articles occasionally that were patriotic and thrilling as the speech of Pericles, some few—such as that on the confirmation of the Princess Royal—which had the gravity and piety of Hooker. It is something to rise above the slipshod of personal politics. It is something to have the mind of the nation tinged with the color of minds which have all the air of the best society that the human intellect can give. It is something to read contemporary history and to view questions of the day as they are written by men who have learned to think from the great masters' of anti- quity. Aristole, Plato, and Thucidides crop out through the Times. Its essays are generally men into the soil of whose intellect the leaves of ancient and modern literature have rotted and made it rich and teeming. It has been said of Captain Sterling that he first brought the Times into pro- minence by his faculty of " redacting into leaders the multifarious babblement of every day." It must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle of passing events, gauged by immutable principles of experience. Grant that if it often leads, it sometimes follows public opinion—grant that it is not always consistent, that it helps min- isters into power whom it also assists to overthrow —yet, it is marvellous that such power should exist among us ; more marvellons still, that it should be brought together six days out of seven with unfailing punctuality. The proverbial ir- regularity of the sallies of genius is brought under the yoke. The editor is never at a loss through the indolence of a Steele, or the fastidiousness of an Addison, haunted by the ghost of some happier expression. The quantity is as surprising as the matter is generally excellent.—Dublin University Magazine for January. 