I MR. GERALD MASSEY ON BURNS. I Mr, Gerald Massey, tbe author of "Babe Christabel," " Craigbrook Gustie," and other poems, delivered o leo. turu iu Edinburgh ou « Robott Burns «rid the Poetry of Wedded Lovu" to a large audience. Professor Bloekiu occupied tho ch'tir, in the absence, of Professor Simpson from iudispoaition} and amnng the tutJienoe wu ob. served-Professor Mcdougal, Rev. Ur. Oandlinh, George Harvey, Esq., R.S.A.; Horatio Macoullooh, E>q., U.S.A.; Jo Un Hunter, Esq. ; and several other influential oki fens. After having been introJucod by Profossor Blackin. _. _._ Mr. MASSEY began his lecture by remarking tbSniiero' was a true saying, to the effect, that one half of tho world did not kuow how the other half lives ; tho mass "of rifen akîm'over the"8"urface",""and' don't "seo- what is going on in .tho'deeps-of life. No one, therefore, is so-dear-to- us-as-the-poet of-tho poor who-tells us how the other. half of the world lives. And what a thing it was to hive been tho first Interpreter 'of (he great world ' of the1 poor, as Robert Burris was. So muon evins wrought from want of thought as'well as'from want cf feeling, that no one can compute the ' good that bas resulted: from what Burns told the world of the life of the poor. Of all kinds of birds the Robin is tho favourite ot the poor; and his nest is held sacred by their children.. "Although his coat is brown and ' dingy, ho ¿ornes to them' in the''winter ' when the gayer summer birds have' fled, and brings'the wealth und warmth of.summer ia;that red breast of his; so, of all tho birds'of song, R.bin Burns is tho favourite'of the , pqor-^he/ba's'o'oriie to them in tte winter of their poverty . and made his'nest for ever in their hearts; Burns was , an especial favourite, of natureland from;her influences ho.drew His inspiration.1 ' There had been an attempt to decry; 'thia' kind of natural tea'oUing; und some would not recognise-genius that had not''worn the college gown. The^slasSioal rftamp vis good ' in'its'place ; but 'there'are many great'minds among us that ' have not that stamp.1 .Those'who hold that it is 'neoessjry'would make us all illegitimate mongrels of Gr^'eoe arid Romé, instead of the true' children bf the fororrfost péoplé in the world. " The lecturer'then went' on1'td''remark'that Burns had boen born in'the fíé.IdsV'tbát'be'.'Wgnt ! carry , tho sacred in ffuerices of riature^nto tlió'heárts'of cities.' 'The poet of the'po'pplä mu'st bo'of thá'peopfe.' It was a 'prondday for the world when Robert1 Burns was-bom into it, though the World Va's not thori''awore. pf tha't fact. Tho country ' ití Whioh'. Burns was"! born 'was perhaps the' meanest' Min 'our,', history, in1 poll tíos, in literature, in everything.' He'oame witha';soul running over j and,: with his morry 1 song and ring ng 1-mgh, with a s'a.< on tho back'ha shook ' thé .powdér' out of 'the wigs of -'the -18th' century. . HÍB great heart and'flasliirig oyestdrtfed the-ohlookers, when' ho enm.e scattering his treasures over'the world broad.' oast, singing, as if he knew he would never be able" to give it half what was.in bim'before be passed away. He set up man on the throno'tbat had long "been occupied by Bbam«. Speaking of, the Scotch ballads as superior to, those of Ge many, Ireland, and every other nation in Europe, and os treasured up for immortality whilo the production's of those'sneered at them were forgotten, the lecturer said, be fohn J in them the origin of much of the Scotch disposition, their vehement feeliugs, their enjoy- ment of nature, and their deathless lovo of oountry. It was to.be expected from these ballads and tho feelings they had'crfated,'that someday a Burns would arisù iii Scotland; but the greatest incitement was the old music of Scotland, which wailed and wai'ed,'like music in tears, as if's .'arching for spousal with fitting poetry.' Burns caught up the old airs, and he found ready »any a glo- rious'starting line and chorus. In this muslo the spirit of the poet seited itself, ns on a chariot <f fire, arid rode np to glory. All poetry mu^t draw' its lifo 'from ' the . national - lifo ; nod Burns was 'intensely national. So have been the greatest of artists and poets. Burns's nationality shuts him up from many Englishmen ; but it makes him loved alike in cottage und drawing-room in his'own country,, and it enables him to depict all his oountry. meu'j feelings-even their prudence' and careful thiift, as'well as their 8, irit of independence. In himself ho exemplified that spirit, living on £70 n.year, and dying without owing Jib. There was no orouobing, no mean noss, no hypocrisy, but the same independent spirit to thd last. . To this ho was always true; ' and 'would not bend his own manhood to.any one. ' His sympathies for suffering men weru universal ; be felt for thc crushed 'daisynnd Ibu poor fleldmouse, and bo could not lie in his bed on a winter night without thinking of tho " ourio oattle," and the patient sheep, and the " chittering birds." But in all tho outgoings of the pool's sym- pathies, ? there never was a, touoh of sentimentalism. No one dare sneer or laugh When-Burns sheds tears tho drops from him tell you they'come from where tho thunder lies. He has HII tho courage -and tenderness- of . tho- old Sax m heroes; 'lia ' is-himself a solution of Sampson's riddle-the greatest BweotnesB 'in thobenrt of tho greatest strength.- ¡ ; '. :<' ?. '' After reading sevorsl appropriate passages from Burns' '".Door Haughty - Gaul -Invasion Threat.""that n« tho crowing <>r «ba nook 1. 0.M to oe«.o away all phantoms! the crowing and clapping, of the wings of the Gielio oock in our doy threatened to send away the remaining ghost of our national greutnoss. Mr. Massey than proceeded at some length to characterise the satirical, humorous; and convivial poems and Bongs of Burns; com trasting the lotter with thoso ef -Muorei which,- he' said, expressed ' only a: snivel; ling conviviality. The convivial songs of Burns'camo warm from his. heart, and he (the leoturerj had heard even abstainers sing them.- Yet these did'not make men drunken. Abstinonos. was, iii. foot,'altogether a personal question,. aud it was obvious intoleranoo and absurdity to speak of it as anything else." Burns'had loft his countrymen a manual of independence, and bis songs were tho psalter of freedom. Beringer bad boen placo,I above him; but Ibe most that could bo «aid for Beranger was,' that bo had merely been as sucoessful in contemporary subjeota as Burna bad been for all time. He1 . olaimod for Burns ' that 'he' was' the greatest 'lyrical poet of any .ago or country. After remarking that Burns narrowly missed being the great poot of wedded love, Mr. Massey dilated un the poetry of conjugal life, dwelling in delicate and very beautiful'terms on' tho influence of children, and bow they of whom it bad been said that of such are the king- dom of. heaven,, brought .something or. heaven into our daily lifo. Ho then, read three poems of bis own ex- pressive of tho fe.'lirigs with which wo oherUh tho memory of a lost obil.d, and illustrative of domostia felicity. Reverting to the oharaotor of Burns, he, said, many will never forgive bira for tearing the cloak from hypocrisy, . There ) had'boen immense exaggeration, in all tho stories propagated against Burns. If we had lind the making of him we should búve turned him pitt with- out Uaw or blemish, oven as we ure. But if we bud, be would not- have been Robert Burns-as it was, bo was only the proJuot of nature. .'After drawing a parallel between the poet, and "Tennyson's "Lady of Sbalott," of willoh poem be gave an ingenious interpretation, Air.: Massey conoluded his lecture hy pointing out'wherein BurnB bad been so far untrue to his vocation. Tho leo turo elicited frequent expressions of approbation, and at itu olnso Mr. Massoy was greeted with loud and pro- longed applause." 