I PA REYMENT 99 NEW SOUTH WALES LJsaWLtvnvE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 6TH. TH. PBEBIMHT took the chair at fifteen minutes past four p.m. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL; RESUMPTION' OF DEBATE. Dr. DICKSON said that, in addressing the House on the resumption of this debate, he felt himself com- called to claim some indulgence, suffering, as he was, from very great fatigue ; still he trusted that he might nevertheless, be enabled to do some justice to the subject, which had opened so unexpectedly before him, and for which he was, in consequence, not fully prepared. It had been his hope on coming into the House that evening, that he should not be called upon, but having received the one to go on, he would at once obey. He felt himself, he thought it proper to say, in a very anomalous position thus called upon to preach from a text felicitously chosen. (Hear, hear from the Opposi- tion.) And the reason why he thought this was, because as the question stood he was obliged to speak to the language of the notice which his hon. and learned friend had placed upon the business paper. A great wrong had been done by the hon. members who favoured the Opposition to those members who usually voted with the Government and his honorable and learned friend had felt himself bound to originate this discussion in the shape in which it now came before the House. For himself, he must frankly admit that he regretted that the continued inclemency of the weather should have prevented him from communicating with the Solicitor-General. Could he have done so, he felt sure that he would have been enabled to persuade him to forego this present opportunity, and to debate the matter on the motion of which he (Dr. Dickson) had given notice, and the difficulty new experienced would have been obviated. For what was the position he now found himself in He was driven to the necessity of exposing the hollowness of the attempt which had been made last night, with so much art and ability, to justify hon. members opposite for the indignities which they have heaped upon members on the other side for the disrespect exhibited towards this House-for the unconstitutional and unprecedented way in which they have acted for the vexatious abrogation (skilfully travestied into " passive resistance " by the hon. and learned gentleman, Mr Deas Thomson, last night of their high and responsible public duties-and for the detriment to the best interests of the country. Nor did the anomaly of his (Mr. Dickson's) position stop here, for be had to hurl back the recriminations which it seemed the sole tactics of hon. gentlemen opposite to direct upon the suffering members of this side the House, as by throw- ing out a crowd of sharp-shooters to cover their retreat with a teasing but comparatively harmless fire. This it was now forced hastily and unexpectedly upon him, in place of being the humble and sincere exponent of the wrongs, the indignities, the things, and the many political offensive cases of which they most justly complained of having been (as he would endeavour to show) undeservedly, unjustly, and unmerited heaped upon them. He asserted that such a subject as that which stood at the head of the paper, and none other, is that which should have constituted the subject for debate on this occasion. Hon members on this sue the House felt that it was incumbent upon them to bring the occurrences of the last fortnight before the House and before the country. They felt that the degradation to which they believed it was attempted to reduce them would become a real degradation, if silently submitted to. They felt that they would indeed be obnoxious to the charge of being unacquainted with Parliamentary practice, and that which their position demanded of them, if they hesitated to record upon the proceedings of this House the contumely of which they had been made the spectacles. No circumstance which had taken place since he had had the honour of a seat in that House had given him so much pain, nay produced any feeling of regret whatsoever on the contrary, every event which had occured since its formation had only tended to render a retrospect of its proceedings both pleasing and ex- hilarating, with the exception of that which must now (and he said it with regret) find a place amongst the proceedings of this House. The course which hon. members acting in a body and in such perfect unison, as to arrogate for themselves the opposition in this House-that which had hitherto been Regarded in the enviable and dignified aspect of a perfectly constitutional opposition, eminently composed of high intelligence, great ability and requirements, and ledbyonewho must always be a host in himself, so long as talent, tact, and vast experience shall tend to give to individuals preeminence. He said it could not be without great regret that he witnessed a body of hon. gentlemen so qualified and constituted, abnegate their high position, divest themselves in a moment of its attributes and its responsibilities dog u it were the Very toga of the senator, and rashly in -wanataorait-ly, «lAwtnmitaneouBty rustt- ttitdTBe commission of an act, which it is impossible not to regard as unprecedented, unconstitutional, vexatious to hon. members who sit upon this sides the ouse, "date spectful to the House itself, and most detrimental to the interests of the country. He had said that such a proceding was unprecedented. He had rummaged the storehouses of memory, for other sources of information are silent upon the subject, and he had been utterly unable to obtain a precedent for the course pursued on this occasion. He did not believe a precedent for it could be found, for the case of Mr. Grattan, accompanied by a number of his followers absenting themselves for a lengthened period from their places in the Irish House of Commons, has no analogy whatsoever, for in that case public business was not suspended, however alike the two cases may be in the injury which was done to the interests of the respective countries. It would, in his opinion, be impossible to find a precedent for the suspension of the proceedings of Parliament ; he said Parliament, for, undoubtedly the course pursued in this House- had materially interfered with the proceedings of the other branch of the Legislature. The history of Parliament is silent upon such a singularity as the fact that the short absence of three or four barristers and two judges, the latter of whom have gone far to furnish proof the declaration made In another place that they should not have seats in this House, whose proceedings such absence contributes to Suspend, while those other hon. and learned members of this House, whose absence has led to such results, were following up, no doubt usefully to some, but certainly their own private advantages. He would leave this part of his subject, for, as regards a precedent, all is barren from Dan to Beersheba, and were it otherwise, were he able to stumble upon the ghost of a precedent, he would generously give hon. gentlemen opposite the advantage, so damaging, so unenviable is the position in which their precipitation has placed them. He had said that it was unconstitutional-unconstitutional it is and must be-where a section of the Legislature covenants jointly and severally with each other to extinguish the performances of their duties in the Legislature. However tenable and unanswerable this argument is when applied even to the shortest period, it becomes and is rendered in- controvertible, by the persistency of hon. members each succeeding day, only furnishing fresh evidence of the seriousness of the obstinacy with which this in- creasingly prejudicial course was persisted in-a course which he felt convinced would have been persisted in, if the time had been a month, or if it had been indefinite. The House will, doubtless, be informed of the extent to which their combined absence has frustrated and embarrassed the public business of this House. He could not do justice to this part of the subject, and as it will be much better done by the hon. and learned Solicitor-General, who he hoped would inform the House, in his reply, to what an extent this embarrass- ment had proceeded, and with what results. He had mentioned his hon. and learned friend the Solicitor General, and having done so, he would now take the opportunity of further alluding to his honorable and learned friend, upon whom had been Soured such vials of virtuous indignation. his hon. friend required no advocate in him, nor would he insult that hon. and learned member by interposing as a shield against the shafts which had been so mercilessly directed against some of them, at terrible as if they had first been inserted in the pas tree. His hon. and learned friend would, no doubt, in legal parlance, lay the facts before them, but as for himself he would do that which as one of those who attended in conjunction with many hon. friends around him in the chambers of his hon. friend he would show that the accusations so lavished, were unmerited. He had in company with many hon. friends who he jaw around him attended on the Monday a meeting at the chamber of his hon. friend and here let it be remembered that this meeting took place while hon. members were under the conviction, as they still are, that the course pursued by hon. members opposite Was not the legitimate course that it was a sinister course, meaning by that that more was intended than met the eye that by a political manoeuvre the very existence of the bill was jeopardised, that votes were recorded on the division in the second reading that should have been withheld. That the stream which from that time had become torrens was turned out of its channel solely by the acts of hon. members opposite, and that its future navigation, if to be successful, must be managed with a skill something ' > akin to that which had been practised by their opponents. That while the nicest sense of honourable dealing should not M lost sight of for a moment, it would be criminal in them to be outdone in political strategy regarding the immense interests at stake, and feeling keenly how much of earnest and watchful solicitude the country expected of them. Such and he hoped he reflected accurately the sentiments which were uppermost in the mind of every hon. gentleman who attended that meeting, and who by every word and action appeared to him to say, " beaten we may be-but of all things, let us be vigilant, and not be beaten either by cowardice or bad generalship." Such, he said, so far as he was able to fathom the minds of hon. members, appeared to be the prevailing feeling, when the hon. and learned Solicitor-General laid before them the programme of his future plans. And here, again, be felt the influence of the anomalous position in which he was placed for by the course pursued, his hon. friend had actually failed to do himself the most ordinary amount of common justice failed to lay before the House a circumstance which of itself would have divested the occurrences at that meeting of any, the least objectionable feature, even in the eyes of the most politically fastidious. Unquestionably, his hon. and learned friend proposed to move to have the objection- able order rescinded ; but what did immediately follow, that of which the country or the House has not yet heard, and of which the only daily paper has kept a profound silence ; end here, en passant, he would only remark of that Press, that able Press, and he said it with infinitely more of sorrow than anger that " It gave up to party what was meant for mankind." That, however, was its own business after all, and he could only hope that reason would yet assume the place of virulence. The House would pardon this short digression. In returning to the subject, he would proceed to observe that almost immediately upon the enunciation of the views of his hon. and learned friend, it was submitted, by whom it is unnecessary to particularise, that all objection to the sharpness of practice would be obviated if notice for the Tuesday following was given, which in the then very fine state of the weather would afford every hon. member the opportunity of being in his place. To this proposition did his hon. and learned friend appear at all averse ? Far from it. His hon. friend took occasion to insinuate to me his perfect willingness to adopt the suggestion, and in accordance with the suggestion at once modified the course to be pursued, namely, that he would pro forma, go into committee and adjourn the further consideration of the bill till the Tuesday following. " Audi alteram partem," some hon. member exclaimed last night. "Audi alterjm-patUm" he echoed and now, Sir, with how much incomparably greater force. In the reign of King Charles II., Sir William Temple wear his ambassador at Brussels, and when negotiating the celebrated treaty of the triple alliance, wrote to his master of De Witt, the celebrated grand pensionary of Holland, " He is a man of such straightforwardness that no one need attempt to do any business with him who will not act in a corresponding straightforward way. Now, he would ask hon. members to meet them in a straightforward way, and he could assure them and he said it from hisheart-that they should experience on the part of hon. members on this side of the House nothing but a reciprocity of conduct. But he was bound to say, and he believed he only echoed the sentiments of every hon. member behind him, when he said that they had nailed their colours to the mast. That, while they sincerely expressed their willingness to pursue no course but that which was straightforward, they were equally determined to have recourse to any fair exercise of political stratagem on behalf of " the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill." That the outlying pickets of either army should be alike vigilant; that if mining was had recourse to they were ready to countermine. He would not detain the House longer than to say that, when this bill came up to the House, he felt that it had high vantage ground, but he feared that during the period-the short period which had elapsed since the introduction of the bill, the House had lost that vantage ground that it had retrograded in public estimation, and that, as had been said, the days of this House were numbered. Mr. Justice THERRY said that it anything could be calculated to quiet the proceedings of this House it would be the speech of the honorable member who had just sat down. That speech was characterised by the greatest good humour. His praises were lavished on all around him. Even he (Mr. Justice Therry) came in for some Share of them : but this share he must attribute to the love the honorable member had for his own countrymen and, while talking of countrymen- the hon. member's speech put him in mind of the old story harmony was to be preserved and to it should ; but the harmony was that-Yes! vote for me, I'll vote for you ; I won't oppose you, so long as you let me have my own way." This was the argument now used. Certain members were pledged to a particular course they have nailed their colours to the mast, so said his hon. friend and' countryman, and so much for the meeting half-way. Precedents had been alluded to, but when a precedent banqueted, the circumstances also should be stated. A precedent must apply to circumstances such as were I in, question, and he denied that there was any such precedent. An objection had been raised that the Judges made themselves prominent in the debates in question, arising in this House, The objection could not apply to him. He did not often intrude on the attention of the House, but where a question arose which proposed to alter the Constitution of the colony he thought it was not out of place that he - that the Judges should express their opinions. What motive could be inferred-to himself, to the other Judges of the kind ? How dared any to say that their action was the hat effort of an expiring faction ? He, for one, would say that the political course of the Judges was run out-tie was of no party, of no faction. He had been invited to take a seat in this House, and after mature deliberation had accepted it, and he should be happy that by his assistance in its deliberations measures for the good of the country could be carried through. On the debate of the previous evening, he had not wished to add to the number of interruptions with which the honorable and learned Solicitor-General was met, or he might have asked to what it was he referred, when he said that he (Mr. J. Therry) would not forget what had been said on some particular night. The tone, the manner, of the honorable and learned Solicitor General appeared to convey, that something had been said which JudgeS might, but could not forget. Not having heard it, he could afford to pass it over. As to the presence of the Judges in the councils of the Crown he referred to the reign of Henry VII, when no less than eight Judges were summoned to the Peers-to that of his predecessors, when other Judges had been summoned to the Peers, and again to the reign of Henry VIII., when the same course had been pursued to serve the country. He might go still further back, and be might recite more modern instances ; he would, however, confine himself to the most recent and he would ask if they were to withdraw the law lords of the present Parliament of England, where would be the faith of the country in its decisions r And as to lawyers in this colony, he would advert very-too briefly, to an expression used to him by his ever honoured friend the Hon. Huskisson, on his leaving the mother country for this colony. " There," said Mr. Huskisson, " you will find a Chief Justice not only eminent in that colony, but one who would he eminent in any country in the world ;" and one of the last expressions used by Mr. Wentworth to himself was that he regretted leaving this country before he had seen inaugurated to the memory of Sir Francis Forbes a suitable and permanent memorial. It was not always the opinion that Judges should be excluded from the legislative bodies. The honorable and learned the Solicitor-General had said that it was the opinion of the Executive of the day "Then let the Executive Government submit the question in a straightforward and honorable way. If the Ministry of the day were united in the opinion that the Judges of the land should not occupy seats in this House, let them declare their opinion in a measure submitted to the Legislature, but let it not be said that the proceedings of the Executive Council conversation amongst members of that Executive which, up to this time at all events, had been held sacred-be forced upon this House. He for one, while he was ready to submit not alone to the opinion of this House, but to an expression of opinion elsewhere, was ' not to be, and would not be soldiered out of the House by any type of legislation who might choose to take upon himself the office of teaching the Judges in their duties of If instead of the course that had been pursued after the last debate The SOLICITOR GENERAL rose to state that the hon. and learned member had no right to refer to a previous debate. Mr. Justice THERRY referred to this debate-the debate adjourned to what had taken place only last night. Mr. WISE spoke to the effect that, not only was the non. and learned member in order, but reminded the House that the Solicitor-General, in his speech last night, had, without challenge, entered into particulars of a debate which took place on the 15th September. Mr Justice THERRY continued : He was about to express his regret that there should have been an at 1 leapt made to show that the business of the Council could not have been proceeded with. However, the proposition before the Howe was now twofold lst, that a solemn resolution of this House should be rescinded ; 2nd, that a vote of censure.' -should be passed upon the hon. members who had voC"0 an odour of that motion. The House was placed in a most Painful position. He had heard it. from a very worthy gentleman, in a most pitiful position. He regretted it extremely, but having been so pointedly alluded to, he could not avoid remarking on it.. I" was consolatory to a lawyer, and to a Judge, to know that different opinions had been held elsewhere. And that whatever the opinions of some honorable members, that lawyers were only useful to word clauses, to put them in ship-shape for their adoption, that a higher value was set upon them elsewhere. He believed he had been quite right in saying the other evening, that it appeared to be the opinion, that like every thing else of exotic growth, so legislation grew here that nothing was so easy as legislation, but he must caution the honorable members who so thought against proceeding with legislation until they found themselves wrecked amongst the shoals and quicksands, against which they were warned. He would now proceed to notice some of the grounds on which it was argue that he and others should not have voted on the occasion referred to in the motion. And first he would say that he defied any one to attribute anything like personal motives to himself-personal motives or interest of any kind whatever. So far as the present Ministry was concerned, he entertained the best feelings towards them Same were his personal friends, who had all his good wishes whom he would be most happy to aid, but he could not approve of a course of proceeding which would have had the effect of depriving the country of the assistance of those who were the best qualified to assist in the discussion of such a measure as that of electoral reform. An organic change was proposed, and it was the duty of the Government to afford every opportunity for a discussion of the proposed change. He was well aware that it was for the Government, ac cording to Parliamentary usage, to fix the days for its measures, but whenever a postponement was suggested, it was not opposed, unless on very substantial grounds. Such, however, was not the tone adopted by the hon. and learned Solicitor-General. He said, I am the Government -. you must be the governed; it is for you to obey. He could not but contrast this conduct of the Solicitor-General with that which he had pursued with respect to another measure-the District Courts Bill. Oh no ! he could not bring on that bill unless Mr. Wise and Mr. Isaacs were present, their assistance had been so valuable ; but this Electoral Bill, which was, as compared to the District Courts Bill, the Magna bank, of the country to an ordinary Turnpike Bill, might, could, and should be brought in agence-. Re ferring to the bill itself, and the manhood suffrage clause, the honorable and learned Judge stated that he had only recently spoken to one of the oldest and most experienced officers of the Sydney police, and he found that from his own quarter no less than 600 persons who were under the surveillance of the police, would under the present bill be admitted to the franchise. He was opposed to the hill altogether ; but, at the same time, this was not his objection to the present motion. This motion was ill timed. The bill could not come into operation until August next ; all other business might have been disposed of, and the House could have gone calmly and quietly into the discussion but for the course that had been pursued by the Minister in this House. The reason given was a mere pretext ; it was not the reason for the step taken. He apologised to the House for having so long detained them. He opposed the motion. Mr. ISAACS, after some considerable pease, rose to address the House. He regretted that he had to rise at that moment to address the House, after the eloquent speech which had been just delivered by his hon. and learned friend Judge Therry. He had hoped that some one of the hon. members who surrounded, or at all events supported the hon. and learned the Solicitor-General, would have condescended to rise and make some sort of a show to the arguments which had been urged by the hon. and learned member who last spoke. But none of that Macedonian phalanx opposite dared to do so. He saw them quail in terror from the attempt at the thought of their utter inability to do so. Not all the concentrated energies of the whole of the Opposition benches backed up with the intellect of their leader, would dare the attempt to answer that speech, which was indeed unanswerable. He regretted exceedingly, for many reasons, having to take a part in this discussion, from causes of a deeply private nature. Not with- standing this he felt it his imperative duty a duty he owed to the country and to that House-to defend himself and other hon. members from the virulent and vituperative attacks of the hon. and learned member, the Solicitor-General, and to vindicate in his humble way, and to the best of his humble ability, the conduct of himself and other hon members on that side of the House. He must beg to saltire hon. members opposite- that they had not- absorbed all the generous and chivalrous feeling of which mankind in general partook. There was still a little intellect on that side of the House and although their numbers were but small, they would stand once wed before their opponents. They would find that they possessed that courage and pluck which always distinguished English gentlemen, and of which spirit hon. members opposite perhaps possessed very little. He would strive to be calm, and to be parliamentary in all he uttered, in that his hon. and learned friend the Solicitor-General should not obtain a triumph in any way. He knew exactly the length to which he could go without overstepping the decorum of parliamentary debate, and he would endeavour to keep the proper side of the boundary-line, the more especially as he felt he could say enough to sting without saying that which was unparliamentary. Dr. BLAND rose to order. He put it to the President if the use of this vituperative language was to be permitted, and this irrelevant matter be allowed to interfere with the business of the country. It appeared to him that conduct of this kind was highly irregular. As the honorable and learned member (Mr. Isaacs) was particularly tenacious in checking the ebullitions of others, he felt it was the imperative duty of honorable members on that side to see that the honorable and learned member was kept in equal check. Mr. THOMSON contended that the honorable and learned member was perfectly in order. The SOLICITOR GENERAL agreed with Dr. Bland that the words were out of order. He thought so at the moment of their utterance, and he had taken them down. What the honorable and learned member said was, " I believe I can say what is stinging without saying what is unparliamentary." The PRESIDENT thought the words rather strong, and he hoped they would not be repeated. Mr. ISAACS would not repeat the words, but he might be permitted to say that he would endeavour to speak daggers, though he would certainly use none. This motion it must certainly be admitted was ill-timed. The honorable and learned member, when he fancied that the public business might be expe- I edited by anticipating the day to which this House had been solemnly voted to refer the question of going into committee upon the Electoral Bill, might have been justified in urging his motion, by claiming the merit of having done so in the performance of a very unpleasant duty in the absence of his professional brethren who were so interested in the measure, but that he had done so solely with a view of expediting the public business. On the contrary, the hon. and learned member charged them with retarding the public business. Did he (Mr. Lutwyche) suppose that they would tamely submit to be featured, and hectored in the way attempted last night. The hon. and learned member complained that he was not reported, and that his speeches did not go forth through the ordinary channels, and therefore, he got a special reporter to report him. He did not know, but the hon. member had his special re- porter in the House last night and even now, but as the hon. and learned member had exhibited strong symptoms, it was necessary that strong remedies should be applied. Having indulged in these preliminary remarks he would now proceed to notice the remarks of hon. members who spoke last night. The hon. member (Mr. Jones) who last night proclaimed himself a man of peace, yet he exhibited a strong mono- mania with regard to lawyers, his objection to the action of hon. members on that side being that lawyers were mixed up in it ; upon this point, he would read a passage from the philosophic Sam Slick. The hon. and learned gentleman proceeded to read from the book referred to, but was interrupted by Mr. HILL, A he rose to order. He began to think that he was within the walls of a theatre, and was listening to some declamation on the stage, instead of being within the walls of a Legislative Council Chamber. The hon. and learned member had been addressing the House for upwards of twenty minutes, and during all that time he (Mr. Isaacs) had not uttered a syllable relevant to the question under discussion. It was high time that some notice was taken of the style of these harangues, so that the time which ought to be devoted to the country should not be taken up with such nonsense as was indulged in by the hon. and learned member. The PRESIDENT thought a little more attention ought to be paid to the real subject under discussion. I \--___._.o___a«J«-««--..---«.__?__?« ., Mr. ISAACS, after a few remarks upon the quartz tion of order that had been raised proceeded to speak of the services of lawyers in Houses of Leggitt. ture. Their position, he said, could not be affected by the opinions of hon. members opposite, and they would continue to discharge their duties, to themselves and to the country as long as they had feats in that House. The hon. and learned member (the Solicitor General) had, he believed, postponed the consideration of the District Courts' Bill in deference to honorable and learned members who were absent on business ; sent a bill of far greater importance, contrary to the solemn decision, of that House, he had attempted to bring forward during their absence. War that the way to act justly to the House and to the country? With reference to the remarks of the hon. member (Mr. Hunt) he looked upon them at favourable to the view takenbyt.bat side of the House upon this question. The hon. and learned member said he would ask them " to reflect whether, After that fruitless proceeding, that waste of two nights upon a discussion occasioned by the hon. and learned Solicitor- General's proposal, there would be one per cent, of the public who would care about it unless to feel indignant that the motion should have been made. The hon. and learned member made an attack upon hon. members on a different side of the House, asking what would be the public opinion as to the delay which had taken place. Where was the delay? When the bill was to come into operation on the 31st of January, 1859, was there not ample time for He consideration and was it unreasonable under that circumstance to ask for time to deliberate upon the measure r There was a great deal in the observations of his hon. friend (Dr. Dickson) ; something pleasing in its character and gratifying to a generous mind, shows ing a feeling of fraternal regard for his hon. and learned friend the Solicitor-General, when he spoke with horror at the shafts which had been dealt at him. He (Mr. Isaacs) having simply glanced at those observations, could only characterise them as being unfavourable to the cause they were intended to sap- port. But he would proceed to deal with what had been said by the hon. and learned Solicitor-General, Hu hon. and learned friend based his application to the House for its sanction to his motion upon the fact that the order which he sought to rescind was illegal, inasmuch as four hon. members of that House had voted in a majority on the occasion referred to, they being personally interested in the passing of the motion. Before proceeding to combat that extraordinary argument he would simply tell hon. members opposite that they could not, according to parlia- ' mentary custom, consistently vote for the motion until they had heard or could give more potent or cogent arguments. His Honor the President had ruled that when a day was fixed for any particular business, it should not be anticipated. But that was a question totally different from the rescinding of an abstract resolution, to those , ,.' hon. members who were not prepared to be dragged at the chariot wheels of the hon. Solicitor-General those who were independent of party-who cared not whether the Solicitor-General or Mr. Thomson occupied the head of the front bench on the right hand of the chair-he appealed to such hon. members, and he knew there were such in the House, whether they could consistently with principle vote for this motion, ; the ground to which the Solicitor-General had mainly depended, for supporting it. Having considered that he would only add that, if the hon. and learned Solicitor General, when he met the House on Tuesday, believing it his duty to urge the motion, had confined himself simply to proposing the motion and making st a few explanatory remarks, he (Mr. Isaacs) had intended to have based his opposition upon that legal signs , ment. That would have been the issue, upon which the decision of the cause would rest and he had had a hope that the House would have submitted to the ruling of the President with regard to it. But his hon. and learned friend the Solicitor-General proceeded to make a speech of considerable length, and to indulge in strong personality, and strong vituperation. He would now come to that hon. gentleman's arguments, notwithstanding they had been exhausted by his hon. friends Mr. Thomson and Mr. Wise. Not a single precedent had been adduced for such a proceeding as that which had been taken, and he felt not the least doubt that if any was to be found, it would have been searched out by the industry and intelligence of the non. and learned , member opposite ; but none had been cited, and ha boldly asserted none could be found. As they were not produced, and considering the necessity for them, in order to support the position of the mover in this proceeding, he thought he was justified in affirming that none had been found. But he and those hon. members who thought with him did not rest upon that negative argument, for hon. members opposite had also failed to show that the interest which had been referred in the rules of Parliament was identical with that which it was stated to have actuated the four hon. members in voting ; the alleged interest in the latter case was of a totally different kind, and referred to as disqualifying, could not for a moment be said to exist in the case under notice. The hon. and learned Solicitor-General knew this argument would be used, and what did he do ? _ Why, be put ceeded to impute to the hon. and learned members, Mr. Broadhurst and Mr. Wise he would not speak of the Judges at present-that they had a pecuniary interest in the vote. He would tell the hon. and learned Solicitor General that, during the pause which preceded that statement, his hon. and learned friend, Mr. Broadhurst, had turned to him and said, " I hope he it not going to say ' pecuniary interest.' " What hit, hon. and learned friend, a professional gentleman, to attribute such a paltry motive to another, and assert that it could operate upon a worthy member of the same i profession in giving his vote. He (Mr. Isaacs) could not in the presence of his hon. and learned friends say what in their absence be would state in their vindica- tion ; but Mr. Broadhurst's twenty years' residence in the country, and honourably dis tin gushed at it had been afforded a sufficient answer to any observation of that kind. But he might ask, what is shown that they had a pecuniary interest ? Was it because they went to Maitland and had a few paltry guineas marked on the back of their briefs, that they, with others, it went there in search for briefs ? Why, one infinitely humbler (himself) did not require that, a fortiori, certainly not Mr. Broadhurst. Then, was such a pitiful motive to be attributed to his hon. and learned friend ? He would tell hon. members opposite that, perhaps, it was their duty to go there, and with regard to others who went, perhaps, it was within the knowledge of the hon. and learned Solicitor-General that they had given up interests, in the shape of Crown prosecutions, which they might have accepted, in order to be present that night. And yet his honorable and learned friend could say that those gentlemen were actuated by pecuniary motives when they absented themselves on the occasion of the discussion of an important question. The honorable and learned gentle- man had besides referred to the two Judges. It was more than painful to sp ask upon that matter, and the allusion to their case was perfectly illogical. What possible interest could they have in what direction could it be ? As his Honor Mr. Justice Therry had said, the honorable and learned gentlemen, independent of faction or party, at it was not in the power of either House of Parliament to touch them, in person or purse, unless they could bring home IOJ them something like corruption or incapacity. But what interest could they have in the particular vote passed upon that of aston It was worse ita say that those honorable members not honor- able as members of that House, but honourable in the best and most primitive sense of the term-and learned, not as judges or barristers, but learned indeed could enter- tain for a moment such a paltry consideration as that referred to. Those too learned gentlemen stood too high to require vindication at his hands, and in fact, in attempting it he would be guilty of the charge of gilding refined gold and painting the lily. There was not one of the hon. gentlemen opposite who could put his hand upon his heart and say with the Peers of s England, whom they in some respects resembled, On my honour these two gentlemen are actuated by interested motives." He repeated, every hon. (gentle- a man opposite who supported the motion must be able to say that they were guilty of a dereliction of duty. Some one might feel prepared to do it. "" So let it be. If he could lay his hand on his heart, and, conscientiously believing to be guilty those two distinguished Judges, one of whom had been thirty years in the public service, and was about to retire, and who amid all the pleasurable associations of his native land would as now, look back to this country with feelings of affection almost as strong as those which he entertained for the land of his births The other Judges had served the country almost as long, and would be actuated with feelings equally powerful and hon. members could not in their con- sciences decide that either of them could be operated upon by motives so base as those attributed to them And he would ask hon. members, opposite to pause., before voting for a motion which would condemn those hon. and learned member. (Cries of " no, no," s, from Ministerial Benches ) Those cries were of doubtful sincerity, or they took away the grounds for the motion. They had listened to their Corypheus, who took that ground for his motion, and they had told him they would support him. The hon. member (Mr. Dickson) had announced that night.;. that he had nailed the colours to the mast, and so had in it Perhaps it Was not the masthead but only laid." Aast high, as a signal of distress for an expiring as. soon. (Cheers.) When, he heard that declaration, and saw the hon. and learned Solicitor-General' upon the arrival of an hon. member in the House, as from his seat, and almost embrace him he (Mr. Isaacs) recognised in that fraternal concurrence If sentiment, home symptoms of the manner in which, the reason for putting forward this motion had operated upon hon. gentlemen opposite. But unless, they were prepared to endorse the motion upon the grounds advanced by the hon. and learned leader, and say the Judges and the other day, and learned members were actuated by unworthy motives - actuated by interested feelings, it was their bounden duty to say what those reasons were which went to show that the hon. and learned gentlemen were to be condemned in that respect. It struck him that was not only the chief argument of the hon. and learned Solicitor General, but the only one. Now, there was found dis- pensions in the camp, and he was glad, to find that there were those in it who would not support the motion upon those grounds. But, in -saying there were no other grounds, he meant to say that there were; no other direct grounds. There was certainly a matter indirectly introduced, and with regard to which he had already raised a question of relevancy, namely, the conduct of hon. members of that House in dealing with the motion which was intended to rescind the vote. "Hehsütrasgested, on a previous occasion, that the honorable and learned gentleman at the head of the opposite benches should give the House ' a three Waters' adjournment between the second reading and the committal of the hill, and that was based S upon the reasons which he then gave, namely, the necessary absence of several hon. and learned gentle- J men from town ; but it had been stated that not an J hour's delay would be submitted, and 83 the hon. and learned Solicitor-General had nailed his COIOUTS to the mast, he rendered it necessary for some measure to be taken by hon. members on this side of the House, to a obtain the object with which the suggestion had been made The bill had been before another House fire s months under the care of gentlemen said to enjoy I the confidence of the public, which was only known by their enjoying the confidence of their representatives; and those gentlemen having a majority of such representatives, how did it happen that it took such a length of time as five months in ; that House r Let the answer be what it might, he could assert that it WAS postponed for more than one night, he thought he might say for many nights, by the gentleman at the head of the Government and he of Mr, Isaacs) did suggest that the bill was purposely j detained there in order to be sent up to the Council On the eve of the Assizes. If he had been wrong, he I must say its advent was not well timed. If the hon. ; and learned Solicitor-General had been a party to such h transaction, it reflected no credit upon him, and he ought not to have taken part in such a proceeding. The very motion which they were discussing converted what was then a mere suspicion into an absolute certainty, and, on his conscience, he believed that the bill was sent to the Council at a time when it was anticipated the absence of certain hon. members would be secured. Feeling that conviction ' he was bound to oppose the motion, and he would ask ' those hon. members opposite who were not dragged at the chariot wheels of party, whether they would select such a proceeding as this, whether they did not believe, morally as well as physically, the shortest road between two points was the straight road, and that the circuitous road (hear, hear) was not only the longest but the dirtiest, because the former being the most frequented was generally kept clean. He would invoke the genius of the bill they sought to support, that hallowed measure on which the safety of the country depended-for it was hallowed in the eyes of gentlemen opposite, whether such support as that which had been attempted should be accepted. If not then that matter could be dealt with in a substantial manner ; but if the bill was not what it was represented to bet, then whatever mode was adopted for passing, and whatever efforts were made by its supporters, would be in vain. Steamer might arrive after steamer, and railway train after train, Maitland might be poured into Sydney, and the cherished inhabitants of Goulburn be called to aid; but the minority would not be turned into a majority. Hon. members on the Ministerial benches might look upon those opposite as infants, but they themselves had not attained their majority and the House would be able to carry a measure which would afford satisfaction to the real people of New South Wales. (Hear, hear, and "No, no.") But it was the effect of some of the supporters of this bill to swamp the real people, by admitting to the exercise of the franchise men who, except at election times, would be hidden in the public-houses and stores, and would only come forward like horrid creatures brought into existence by the sunshine of party. Those were the men who would swamp the industrious artizan and labourers end if such were the case, let hon. members opposite tremble for their property, as it would be placed in the balance. (Cries of "No, no.") He asked them to reflect, whether the legitimate in forests of the people would not be swamped by such men as those? His hon. and learned friend based his motion upon the indirect ground that hon. members of the left of the chair ought never to have carried the vote of the 15th of September and again he referred to the conduct of hon. members in being absent from the House since that time. Now, he (Mr. Isaacs) begged hon. members to reflect and say what necessary connexion there could be between the two circumstances. His hon. friend Mr. Dickson had, with a considerable amount of skill, endeavoured to rue the argument of absence in support of the motion, that he hoped none would be misled by such an illogical treatment of the question. He (Mr. Isaacs) was delighted to find that that hon. member intended to Withdraw the condemnatory motion of which he had given notice, and it was therefore unnecessary to say more upon that point. But he trusted hon. members would not allow that moran to be withdrawn and yet give effect to it by incorporating it with the one before the House. Some hon. members on the opposite side of the Horne had not been in their places at the time referred to, and the vote would have been in condemnation of them as well as those on the benches to the left. But he asked whether it would be fair to mix the matter up, and whether it was not a perfectly legitimate course that was adopted by those hon. members ? He should be the last to advocate the right of a minority abstaining from attendance in order to stop the business of the House.; but it was a different thing when a majority absented themselves in order to prevent a minority converting themselves into a majority by an indirect, unparliamentary, unjustifiable, and, in the result, unwise and impolitic proceeding. The arguments which had preceded him on the opposite side of the House, could not be taken separately, inasmuch as the answer to one demolished the whole. His hon. and learned friend the Solicitor- General had gone so far as to assert that the members on this side of the House were not sufficiently acquainted with May to be able to appreciate the ordinary forms and usages of Parliament-an assertion which had been fully answered by his hon. and learned friend Mr. Justice Therry. He could assure his hon. and learned friend that he had turned over the pages of May as often as he had done, and hail probably studied it before his hon. and learned friend had thought of doing so. That the hon. and learned gentleman was not so thoroughly acquainted with the rules of Parliament as he assumed to be, was evident from the proceeding of the preceding evening, in which the hon. and learned gentleman had been ruled out of order several times. He (Mr. I. believed he had studied May to some advantage, and long before his hon. and learned friend. that this was not the only slight the honorable and learned gentleman had offered to members on this side of the House, and it was in consequence of the peculiarly offensive and threatening style of his language that he had applied to him the last evening the epithet of Jupiter sonatas. The whole tone and temper of his language was such as to provoke indignation and resentment, and he would ask was that the language with which any assembly of English gentlemen ought to be lectured ? (Hear, hear.) His hon friend (Mr. Hill) had remarked at one stage of his (Mr. Isaacs') address that he thought he was in a theatre. But without adverting to the hon. gentleman's qualifications to teach how hon. members should speak or reason, he thought he might with advantage refer to the style of his hon. and \- learned friend, the Solicitor-General, who certainly did remind him of a certain theatre (the Prince of Wales), at which the Electoral League-the Jacobin Club of the colony-was in the habit of holding forth. [After some interruption on the part of the ministerialists as to whether the hon. and learned gentlemen was in order. He pro- needed.] He did not regard the hon. and learned ¿'i''Solicitor-General as his superior, bather in intellect, or of sCholastic attainments, but he should have been ex- s tremely sorry if his children or his friends in reading of the history of New South Wales, were by "the position to say that their parent or their friends has been the parent of a motion so obnoxious as the Cns ' ' under discussion. (Hear, hear.) He knew that the course which he had taken on this occasion had given offence to many public and private friends, and it might, be that it would lead to the severance of those friendly relations which had hitherto subsisted between the boo, 204 learned Solicitor-General and himself. But be that as it might be, he felt it was a duty incum- bent upon him to offer a vindication of his honorable and learned friends the Judges, and his brother barristers, to whom such severe allusions had been made, and although he should regret most sincerely anything calculated to weaken the friendly relations hitherto submitting between the hoe, and learned Solicitor-General and himself, he would still feel satisfied with the consciousness of having performed his duty in the justification of truth and propriety. If any such unpleasant consequences ensued, it was entirely the hon. and learned gentleman's own fault, because in the first place he had no reason whatever for causing the present division in the camp and in the second place, if he had not done so they might have been now calmly considering the 9th clause (the only one likely to be considered) of the bill, instead of wasting the session by an useless and unnecessary discussion. He deeply regretted that the motion had ever been placed on the paper, and hoped that his hon. and learned friend had reflected upon the consequences that might follow if the motion were negatived. (Hear, hear.) Mr. RUSSELL wished to make a few observations on the question before the House. The hon. member who had noticed the expression he had used the other night " that he was sorry to see such a pitiable exhibition, had misunderstood the bearing of that remark. He though: he (Mr. Russell) had alluded to the conduct of the hon. Solicitor-General, but he assured the House that was the furthest thing from his thoughts. He meant the pitiable exhibition of the House : he was sorry to see the more pitiable exhibition of the hon. member, Mr. Docker. So far as the Solicitor-General went, he conceived that all he had said, except his reference to the Judges, was in perfect accordance with the motion before the House. And although he voted against him in a division of the House on the question of the Judges, he had no intention of voting against him on the general question. Now he considered that this measure before the House was necessary, although it had entailed an exhibition unprofitable, as it was. and seemed to be, up to the present moment. They had to show the necessity for a certain measure being removed. He contended that this side of the House had been taken compl- telvby surprise the other night, and although hon. members on the other side did not wish to be taken by surprise they wished and had taken us by surprise He reminded them of what they did when hon. members on this side had no idea that an adjournment was intended for twenty days. Now, he should not be surprised if hon. members, who talked 60 much of wasting the time of the House, were to move the adjournment of this debate and so waste another night. Looking at the question as he did, he could not conceive that the absence of particular members-the absence of the Judges andbarrsters, should have caused so much stress to be made on it. He thought the Judges ought to have been separated from the barristers, because they had a public duty to perform and were obliged to attend to it, but the barristers were attending to their own pri- vate interests. He did think that if gentlemen accepted the office of members of this House they ought not to neglect their duty in order to perform their private practice. He asked in what position were the country gentlemen placed, and what had they to do when they neglected their private business to attend the House ? When this motion was made, and for some days after, nearly all the members on this side of the House had been kept walking about the town with nothing to do. He had been a man about town, with nothing to do. So that no consideration was given for the twenty members on this side of the House, but all the consideration was given for the four hon. members on the other side. (Hear, hear.) He would not put it on the footing that the gentlemen were barristers who were absent, but he would put it on the ground that it was not proper for the business of the country to stand still for the convenience of any four gentlemen, on whatever side they might belong. What had taken place since? Had not this House been a laughing stock to the country ever since ? Could anything be more disgraceful to gentlemen than playing at hide and-go-seek up stairs, instead of coming here to make a house. He looked upon such conduct as child's play. It was certainty derogatory to the dignity of the House, and ought to be met with a proper censure such as the rescinding of this order would be. They were told that the House-not exactly in such plain terms was not competent to go into consideration of the matter before it without the presence of these four gentlemen. Now there was no one who had a greater respect for the ability of the individuals who were absent than he had. But what was the fact that the gentleman who said it was impossible to go on without the opinion of the Judges, had brought forward a measure without consulting them, and which was published in a newspaper. That measure, however, did not appear at present in the same words, although put in the paper to mislead them. (Oh, oh.) He repeated the measure was put on the paper for the purpose of mis- leading this side of the House. (Oh, oh ) Now he would explain what he meant by misleading. He read the amendments carefully through, and although he did not see thirteen mistakes as the Solicitor-General did, he saw some grave mistakes, and among the clauses was a penal clause. He held such clauses were unconstitutional, and there had evidently been an attempt to smuggle them in by a side-wind i. There were parts of these amendments to which he should have agreed and he was prepared to have spoken to the measure. But what did they see ? They saw last evening that the hon. member came forward with a new set of measures and laid them on the table. What then, he asked, were they to presume but that the first amendments were calculated to mislead? Mr. DEAS THOMSON regretted he had to call the hon. member to order. He was not justified in using the expression, because he had explained last night that his amendments were different. He had called the attention of the House to the fact, on introducing them, he therefore could not have misled hon. members. He said the remarks of the hon. member were most unjustifiable. Mr. HOLDEN begged to say that Mr. Thomson had explained to him, yesterday, why he had altered the amendments. Mr. DICKSON contended that it was not parliamentary for the hon. member (Mr. Holden) to refer to explanations that had taken place outside the House. 1 The PRESIDENT ruled that the hon. member ' (Mr. Russell) was out of order in using the words, " attempt to mislead." Mr. RUSSELL continued : if he were out of order he would withdraw the expression. The honorable member had, however, misunderstood what he said. He did not say that those put on the paper of the House were intended to mislead, but what he did say was that those published in the newspapers were intended to mislead. Mr. DEAS THOMSON rose to order. He contended the words used were unparliamentary, and the honorable member ought to retract them. Mr. HOLDEN said he could also show that it was impossible to be so. The PRESIDENT said the hon. Mr. Holden was out of order in his remark. He had already decided that the expression used by the hon. Mr. Russell was out of order. Mr. WISE contended that the hon. member should not only withdraw the words but apologise to the House. The PRESIDENT said the words had not been taken down, it would therefore be sufficient for the hon. member to withdraw the words. Mr. RUSSELL, having withdrawn the words, continued. He presumed this kind of opposi- than was to be met with because if had seen the practice throughout this debate on that side of the House. He hoped, however, in the few remarks he had to make, he would be allowed to proceed, as it was farthest from his intention to give offence or offend the dignity of the House. Now, it had been stated last evening by the hon. member (Mr. Docker) that the hon. Solicitor- General was backed not by arguments but by votes. (Hear, hear.) He met that statement now by asking what had been the arguments on the other side. There had been a great deal of lengthened speeches, a great deal of vituperation, but not one argument to support the motion for the adjournment of the House till yesterday. Was it to be said, was it to go forth to the country, that gentlemen who Wv°r« "ere to give all matters due consideration that were brought before them, that they were to be playing at homeland go-seek instead of attending to the duties of the House ? They were told they wanted time for the consideration of the Electoral Bill. No doubt it was an important measure, and ought to have all the consideration due to its importance ; but was that the way to consider it to shut themselves up in a room and consider it expert. If it had been permitted, as the Solicitor General stated it was his intention to go into committee on the question, they would then have been able to have gone on with the business of the HotiSO in a proper manner and as every clause would be aPne through separately, the disputed clauses would have been pos'Done(i to some future date when non- members who were." absent would have returned, or the amendments might b-Tv been made on the re committal in the bill. (Ironical cheers ) Now he did not profess to have much legal knowledge, and was very happy to hear the President's opinion on the subject. It was stated that this motion was impossi- ble unparliamentary, and could not be proceeded with, and May was wanted from to show that a motion brought forward by a member could not be accelerated. That position, with great respect, he submitted was not to the point. A member, according to the decision, could not accelerate his own motion, but this was a different position. Here was a motion sought to be rescinded, which had been proposed by the other side, therefore the cases were not parallel. Now, he would not follow the example which he deprecated, of going into the bill, although hon. members had done it, but he would say this, that the delay which had taken place in this House was a loss to the country. It was a loss to the dignity of the House, and was destructive of the confidence of the country in this House ; therefore, he thought the House would be doing its duty to visit the motion that had been passed with such a censure as it deserved. If the business of the House were to be delayed for four members being absent, what was the effect of it? That there was no necessity for any other members, and that the business of the House might be put in their hands. He said this without any reference to who these gentlemen were. He meant if any four centre men were in the same position, that the business of the House would be placed in the hands of individuals, instead of the members of the House, which he conceived would be unconstitutional. Therefore, he looked at it as this side of the House being taken by surprise after what the hon. Solicitor-General had said of his determina- tion to push the measure on, and not to admit of a day's delay. The other side were perfectly aware that the measure would be pushed on, and he could not therefore conceive any thing improper in the means taken by this side of the House, and which had been so aptly handled by the hon. Solicitor- General. With these few observations he left the question in the hands of those who were better able to deal with it than he was. Mr. BROADHURST said he hoped hon. members would be kind enough to bear with him a few minutes in order that he might make a few observations personal to himself, because he did not intend to address himself to the general question, for more reasons than one-one being that he would rather not run the risk of at RII recriminating, because if he once began he should be guilty of many recriminatory remarks. He rode because, although not in exact terms, bat by the clearest implication, the protest did most unmistakably cast an insinuation upon himself. His learned friend the honorable Solicitor-General had charged hiT With having given a corrupt vote on tatti of September. There was no blinking the matter. He said he (Mr.Broadhurst)onghtnottohave voted became he had a direct pecuniary interest on the committal of the bill. And when a charge was made against a man in his presence, of misconduct, and especially of misconduct on the ground of improper motives, if he did not at once deny that charge, there were persons who might" say why did not Mr. Broadhurst deny the charge brought against him by the honorable Solicitor General. He had used the words "awe sacra fames, and said it was the honoraria and £ s. d. that influenced his (Mr. Broadhurst's) vote. That charge had been made against him, and he begged the Council to give credit to his most positive and solemn denial of being influenced by any sordid influences at all. He asserted most positively and solemnly that he should have given the same vote if he had not been going to any assize town, and if he had intended to have remained in Sydney and was not a barrister at all, because it appeared to him that the adjournment was a reasonable one, and ought not to be resisted, and because he saw no necessity for the railroad speed which the hon. Solicitor-General seemed to require. He might also assert this that if the vote had gone the other way if the majority had been on the other side would have made no difference to him, and he should have been off to Maitland, because he had been retained in several cases long be- I fore. He felt it was his duty to his clients to go and he should have gone even if his going involved the necessity of his resigning his seat. He hoped that was enough to satisfy the Council that he could not have been actuated by any interested motive, and that he was perfectly independent in his vote. If he had been guilty of disrespect to the House-not having asked leave of absence, he regretted being guilty of it. The necessity of obtaining leave of absence, however, never occurred to his mind, and was never suggested to him. With regard to the observations made on the other side, of the duty of professional men giving up their private practice so that they might be always able to attend to their duties in the Council, he denied there was any such moral or legal duty. He might say, in reference to this, that May laid it down as a reason for granting leave of absence from the House of Commons, even in the case of representative members, that the members wished to go in attendance on circuit. Therefore he said a barrister was not bound to remain here if he wished to go on circuit. He should not trespass more on the time of the House, but he supposed if he had applied for leave of absence he would not have had much difficulty in getting it from the hon. members opposite. They could have refused him, and if he had not obtained it he could and would have got it himself by sending in his resignation. Mr. FORBES said as so much personality had been used in reference to hon members, who were absent, he supposed it applied to himself also, who was one of the members absent. He thought, therefore, it was unnecessary for him to explain why he was absent, for i on the question of adjournment he was in the minority so far as he voted with the Government, and was anxious to carry out the measure. There was a pre i vious division to this, as to whether the debate on the second reading should be adjourned to the Tuesday i or Wednesday. On that occasion he felt inclined to vote for Tuesday, in order to facilitate the business of the House, and recollecting that the adjournment to Wednesday might interfere with the arrangements of hon. members. His object, therefore, throughout, was to have a full House when the bill was considered. The only reason that he rose to i address the House the other night on the second reading was because he was given to understand that the other side might take the advantage of refusing the , second reading of the bill. He had, however, pledged himself to a certain course in committee ; therefore, he could not with propriety support the rescinding of the a motion, because his object had been to have a full House to consider the bill, i Mr. NORTON objected to rescinding the motion, and spoke at considerable length with reference to the . constitution of the Legislative Council. He strongly urged the desirability of having the Judges and hams- ters present to give their assistance in making this bill a perfect measure, and denounced the course taken by the Solicitor-General as unconstitutional. , Mr. ALLEN said he was in hopes that the Solicitor General would have withdrawn his motion yesterday, and spared the House the angry discussion which had taken place ; but, as it had occurred, he wished to draw the attention of the House to the case as it really stood. A great deal had been said in reference to the absence of the Judges and barristers which he would pass by, because his opinion at least had not been influenced by that consideration. When the Council divided upon the question of going into committee there were twenty for and sixteen against the proposed adjournment. Out of these twenty there were four lawyers-two Judges and two barristers, whose duty it was to go on circuit. It had been on all hands admitted that the Judges were obliged to go, and he (Mr. Allen) thought that the barristers were equally obliged to go, because if they were admitted to practice at the bar he conceived that the public had a right to their services. But he would save that out of the question. The day after the vote in question was passed by the Council by a majority of four he happened to be in the House when one hon. member (who was now present said, " Well, as the House is adjourned for three weeks I shall just run up and see my family." That hon. member left Sydney for that purpose, and his example was followed by three other hon. gentlemen. Now he would ask was it fair under these circumstances to take advantage of the absence of those four hon. members who went away on the faith of a vote of the House. He had no objection to mention their names. They were Mr. Comrie. Mr. Faithful, and Mr. Fitzgerald, (who were Still absent-the first-mentioned being detained by stress of weather), and Mr. Docker, who returned only two or three days ago. It had also been said that, if hon. members chose to go away without asking for leave of absence, they must take the consequences. He would, how I ever,- esk hon. gentlemen to read the rules of the House It was there laid down that leave of absence should be asked for if any hon. member should absent himself for more than three consecutive weeks." So that they might be away twenty-one days without any necessity to ask leave of absence. (" No, no," from Sir. Lutwyche.) He maintained that such was the case. It was frequent practice for hon. members to absent themselves for a week' or ten days. It did not appear to him that good faith had I been kept with those hem.UKmb*rswho absented,: themselves on the faith of a vote of the Homeland for that reason he should vote against the present motion if it were put from the chair. . As Chairman of Committees he had felt it his duty to be present, but he should have been very sorry to have been instrumental in making a quorum, and if he had not occupied his present position he would not have attended he would not have lent himself to be a party to rescind the vote solemnly given, and to proceed the business which had been postponed to a more advanced period. Some observations had been made about the "generalship" of an hon. gentleman who occupied a prominent position in the previous Council. He (Mr. Allen ) had been a member of that body from the year 1815 to the day when the Council was superseded by another deliberative body, - and for nine years he had the honour of holding that seat while the hon. member (Mr. Deas Thomson) was the Chief Secretary of the country, and he could declare upon his honour that he never knew that hon. member to solicit a vote, or to desire that any member should vote for him, when he could not conscientiously do so. He believed that the members of that House were as free to vote against as for the Government. If there was any generalship, it was from the measures brought forth, and not from attempts to coerce hon. members. He hoped the Solicitor-General had considered well the effect of this motion. He regretted that the President did not give his opinion to the House before any speech had been made, but he also believed that that opinion came too late, and that the speech of the hon. and learned Solicitor-General having been made, i it required to be answered. He was of opinion that it had been fully answered. He thought the motion could not be put to the House, because the time of postponement had passed, and the committal of the Electoral Law Amendment Bill stood an order of the day, and could be proceeded with at once, as soon as this business was disposed of. This vote was to rescind the order of the House, and to make it an order of the day now. (Hear, hear, from Mr, Lutwyche.) Did the hon. gentleman, however, consider what would be the effect if this vote was negatived ? (Cries of Hear, hear.) Mr. A'BECKETT thought the hon. and learned Solicitor-General would have taken advantage of the forms of the House, and allowed the present motion to lapse ; but it appeared that experience did not always bring prudence" of judgment. He was absent from the House yesterday, and was utterly amazed that morning to hear that any debate had taken place upon the question. He only regretted that any hon. member should have thought it necessary to have answered «w «rcoas an imputation as that the Judges and barristers had acted unconstitutionally in voting because they had direct personal and pecuniary into rest in the matter. The hon. and learned Solicitor-General had stated that the votes given by these gentlemen were illegal. He (Mr. A'Beckett) contended that it was impossible for the vote of any hon. member upon any question before the House to be illegal and further, that if an hon. member was interested in the vote, that his vote would be legal. He had always held the opinion that any hon. gentleman who was entrusted with the duties of the House might be entrusted to give an opinion where a matter of £ s. d. was concerned, even though it affected himself. He had been grieved to see hon. members leave the House on such an occasion. He would go further, and say that the vote of any hon. member who should vote contrary to his own expressed opinion, and where the result of that vote involved place with which pay was connected, would be legal although perhaps the taste and delicacy of such a proceeding might be fairly questioned. The hon. and learned Solicitor-General strongly opposed the presence of the Judges in the Council. He (Mr. A'Beckett) was strongly in favour of their presence. Mr. WILSHIRE objected to the observations of the speaker as being out of order ; but the PRESIDENT overruled the objection. Mr. A'BECKETT continued: He thought it was in extremely bad taste for any honorable member to give his opinion as to who should have a seat in the House and who should not. He presumed that all honorable gentlemen held their seats on the authority of the Crown, under the recommendation of the Executive Council, and he thought it came with peculiar bad grace from the second law officer of the Crown to make objection to the appointments. The manner in which Dr. Dickson had professed his attachment to his honorable and learned leader, and the manner in which he spoke of " nailing his colours to the mast " was quite refreshing. He did not know what the honorable gentlemen's colours were He supposed that they must be stowed away ready to be brought forward when required, for certainly the main principles of the Electoral Bill proposed were not those of Dr. Dickson. He concurred entirely with the remarks of Mr. Deas Thomson, and he endorsed in full the observation of that hon. gentleman, to the effect that the Solicitor-General, in adopting the proceedings which he had thought proper to pursue in this instance, had lost the confidence of the Council and the county and had brought discredit on the colony to which he belonged. (Hear, hear.) The SOLICITOR-GENERAL replied at considerable length. The hon. Mr. Docker had disclaimed any intention of treating the Government with " studied indignity," in bringing forward the amendment which was carried by a majority of 20 to 16. What he said was that " it appeared to me that the manner in which that amendment was introduced was intended to convey a studied indignity to the Government," and he repeated that it had that appearance ; but, after hearing the explanation he was satisfied that no insult to the Government was intended by the hon. gentleman on that occasion. He had no doubt hon. gentlemen opposite would have preferred that this matter should have been buried in oblivion, and he could easily understand the reason for that wish. He was glad to hear the hon. gentleman refer to the Press and the views of the country : he said, however, that the Press of the country universally condemned the conduct of the Government, but he (Mr. Lutwyche had seen in some Sydney papers, and one or two provincial journals, approbation of the course pursued by the Government, and strong censure directed against" hon. gentlemen opposite, at a time when the facts of the case were not known where only one side of the case had been heard-and when, through the convenient instrumentality of what hon. gentlemen did not like to have called their organ Mr. WISE rose to order. He submitted that the hon. and learned gentleman was out of order in allud- ing to any newspaper as being the organ of any section of the House. The hon. and learned gentleman had been called to order once before for asserting that which he had been told was not true ; but he had now, however, repeated that assertion. The PRESIDENT : I am of opinion that it is not in order. Mr. LUTWYCHE withdrew the assertion, and apologised. He intended no offence, because, as he said yesterday, he entirely acquitted hon, gentlemen of certain offensive articles, which had already appeared in that paper. He would only call it the medium of communication. He would ask hon. gentlemen to look at the articles which appeared in the Press of the colony three weeks hence, when this debate travelled up the country, and a judgment was formed upon the facts. He should not fear the verdict of the country or the voice of public opinion. The hon. gentleman then proceeded to state again the facts of the case so far as relates to the course taken by the Government in reference to the motion that is now under discussion." After which, he observed : On Thursday some representations were made to me, that it would be hardly fair, considering all the circumstances of the case, to deprive hon. members of the opportunity of returning, if they thought proper, to take part in the discussion of the bill. I yielded to that representations" Oh, oh " from Mr. WISE and cries of hear, hear.) Does that .' Oh, oh !" mean to imply any doubt of my assertion ? because, if it does, I Mr. WISE : If my hon. friend wishes to know what I mean I will tell him sIr. LUTWYCHE: I do. The PRESIDENT : I think there is some interrup- tion Mr. WISE: If I am in order am quite ready to explain it. I mean this-that " yielding " is The PRESIDENT: I do not think the hon. member is called upon for an explanation. Mr. LUTWYCHE : I think I understood the hon. member friend, I will not call him, and never will again. (Laughter.) Such an insult I never had offered home in an y life. I understand the hon. gentleman, and I will meet him. He means that of my own ac- cord I would have proceeded with the motion ; he is right. Mr. WISE : I did not mean that The PRESIDENT : I think that is an interruption, Mr. LUTWYCHE : I presume he did. The PRESIDENT: If hon. members wish to explain anything, it must be after and not during the hon. gentleman's speech. Mr. LUTWYCHE continued : I presume he did, but at any rate these were the facts his own opinion was (and he still entertained at that according to the practice of Parliament, members were bound to give daily attendance upon Parliament, and he cited as authority for that position from May yesterday. But yiti\\*!°S to the representations which were made to him that it would be hardly-fair-to. hear gentlemen opposite to proceed with the discussion of the measure in committee, without giving them the opportunity of being present during the discussion, he made a promise to his hon. friend Dr. Dickson (as he had already explained that he would, if he succeeded in carrying his motion, move the chairman into the chair pro forma, and that after the postponement of the tram- ble, he would move that the chairman report progress, and ask leave to sit again on Tuesday next. (Lighter and hear.) His hon. friend Dr. Dickson was not the only person in the House who could corroborate that statement. He believed he mentioned it also to Mr. Bourn Russell. But the hon. gentlemen opposite thought proper to absent themselves, and did not, therefore, afford an opportunity to them (the Government benches of offering the olive branch. Under these circumstances they must not complain now they had compelled them to draw the sword, if they also flung away the scabbard. It had been said that the House ought not to proceed with the business in the absence of legal luminaries, and that no precedent had or could be cited for such a course. He maintained that it behoved hon. gentlemen opposite to produce such a precedent. The burden of proof lay with them. What would be thought of the argument that the business of Parliament ought to be postponed because of the absence of some few of its members in the practice of their respective professions I That the House of Peers, for example, should be precluded from enter- a taining some particular question, because one of the members of that House-Lord Abinger, for instance might be absent, engaged in the discharge of his judicial duties. Were the affairs of the country I to stand still because hon. members had, for their own personal interest, thought proper to accept other duties besides those of legislators The argument which had been advanced based on the absence of the hon. and learned gentlemen, Messrs. Broadhurst and Wise, he thus disposed of. It was all the same in effect, as if the House were called upon to postpone the consideration of an important matter because it might so happen that it suited the convenience of certain members to be away. The hon. and learned gentleman then proceeded to observe that Mr. Broadhurst, in his temperate address to the House, that evening, in vindication of the purity of his motives in supporting the postponement of the bill, was evidently labouring under a misconception. It was not intended to cast any imputation whatever upon the motives which had determined that gentleman's vote, because it was doubtless a conscien tons one all that was said was that, in so voting for the postponement, Mr. Broadhurst had a direct personal interest. And it was a well-established parliamentary axiom, that no man should vote in any matter in which there was, as in this case, a pecuniary and personal intcjTat. - It Tara to pay it out of the power of any one to cast any possible shade upon the motives of any such vote, that this Parliamentary rule had been framed and acted upon. Doubtless, the hon. and learned gentlemen were perfectly justified in attending to their professional duties, and in preferring the lucrative to that which was merely honorary, surrender peculiar private, Honor post damages As to the conduct of the Judges in voting for the postponement, he still conceived that he had a right, as member of that House, to express a strong opinion as to the course then adopted by those gentlemen, and to deprecate their identifying themselves with mere party movement. He thought it highly objectionable that they, being irresponsible and irremovable, should have deemed it right to lend the weight of their negative opposition to a measure, which the speech of the Governor-General had spoken of as the principal and most important measure of the Session. Still, he had no doubt in his own mind but that the Chief Justice Had herein acted conscientiously. In reference to their being in a position so to act, he would simply say, that although he (the Solicitor-General) might, perhaps, be only a tyro in politics, but he owed it to himself to state that he did think this union of the judicial and legislatorial functions in one and the same person was a most undesirable circumstance. He denied emphatically that is deliver- ing this, as his abstract opinion, he had in any way attacked the Judges. He proceeded then to refer to the address of Mr. Norton, stating that he agreed with much that had fallen from that gentleman, and especially as to the importance of the proposed measure of electoral reform. It was a thing not to be lightly treated, and the more so because when steps were once taken they were not so easily retraced. In stating his sentiments Mr. Norton had expressed himself with an honesty which, he regretted to say, had not characterised some of the honorable members on the other side of the House. Mr. ISAACS : of Name, name." The SOLICITOR-GENERAL remaining silent, Mr. ISAACS said that he called upon the honorable and learned gentleman to name the member, or members, to whom he intended to allude ; stating that if, In the wildness of the damages at the ßoltoS*or-Qcne ral, that gentleman, by insinuation, implied that the course adopted by him (Mr. Isaacs, was a dishonest one, he stated that which he could not make good. The PRESIDENT having ruled that the expression objected to was out of order, The SOLICITOR-GENERAL withdrew the expression, and in continuation observed that Mr. Isaacs had said that the friendship between them must from that time forward cease. Desiring as he did to avoid, if possible, such a contingency, he would studiously abstain from making any comment upon that hon. and learned gentleman's speech, notwithstanding that it was in many respects of so irritating a character in its general tone. Should he nevertheless lose that gentleman's friendship by doing what he conceived to be right, he was prepared to abide by the loss. In the cause he was prepared to sacrifice all friendships, health, and even life, rather than not attain the object he desired to keep in view. Perhaps it was designed to defeat the bill by delay, for delay at this period of one of the longest sessions which had ever been known in the colony was nothing more nor less than equivalent to a loss of the bill. Amendments without end-a perfect cart-load of them had been proposed, the consideration of which must of necessity take up a very great space of time. If the Opposition desired to get rid of an obnoxious measure, there were of course more ways than one of bringing about what was desired. Honorable members could not be expected to remain in attendance on their parliamentary duties much longer, and so the bill would virtually be lost by delay. The honorable member, who usually sat at the head of the opposite benches (Mr. Deas Thomson), they knew rarely met the enemy in front, but favoured the flank movement; such therefore was, doubtless, the policy marked out on the present occasion. Like the great leader of old, whose generalship was so great an acquisition in a very critical conjuncture, the honorable gentleman would then be, in the language of those whom he led, " Units guineas constance restituit rem." He repeated it, the effect of untoward delay would he to defeat the measure, and it would become impossible to proceed with the bill). He deemed it only fair to state that for his part he " did not consider or desire to have it understood that the publication by Mr. Deas Thom- son of the amendments adverted to was done with any intention to mislead, but, on the contrary, to notify in the readiest convenient manner what it was proposed I to do. He hoped the House would be prepared to go on with the bill, and regretted that there should have been such an acrimony displayed in the course of the debate. From that acrimony he was himself he felt conscious not altogether free. But he had, as he considered, been much aggrieved and grossly insulted. He should be prepared to go on with the bill in a conciliatory spirit and if possible so to mould the proposed amendments as to make them accord with the spirit of the bill. Mr. DEAS THOMSON desired to explain that he had proposed the amendment bona- fide and with a sincere desire not to impede the measure, but to render it perfect. Several personal explanations followed from various hon. members, which were generally accepted, and were pronounced by the PRESIDENT to be highly satisfactory to himself, and enough to convince him that no private friendship would be lost between those hon. members. The PRESIDENT put the question on the motion of the Solicitor-General. Mr. ALLEN asked whether it was competent to put such question to the House. The PRESIDENT regretted he had not ruled at the first, that the question was not in order, and quoted May in support of its ruling, and he put it to the House whether the question could be entertained ? Mr. WISE, who was allowed by Mr. ISAACS, suggested that the motion should be altered by ending it with, the word rescinding, so as not to en- danger the progress of the bill. The SOLICITOR GENERAL assented to the amendment proposed. The question was then put that the order P the 15th September be rescinded. The PRESIDENT said that the noes had it A division was called, and there were Ayes, 19. - Wood, 15.-- 9--"- -Stow The Solicitor-General Mr. lord lb. lang E Broadhurst L - a Bussell Limb Hunt Merewether Pennington Dr. a'Beckett Wilshire Mr. Deas Thomson -f Hill Alexander I Brrnes Holden j Robert Barton i " " Allen Wise Is isca Ther by Dr Mitchell I -."*,_, Mr. Docker j Tests' POSTPONEMENTS. The Electoral Law Amendment Bill, and the Govern- ment Railways Bill (adoption of the report), were post- T poned, and the House adjourned at half-past ten o'clock till four o'clock this day. Dr SiârîT.«*». 