ST. JOSEPH'S CHUBCH. A meeting of the congregation attending St. Joseph's Church, Macquarie-street, was holden in tbe same edifice, on Sunday afternoon, for tbe pur pose of devising means to defray the debt on the building, for which the Bight Bev. Dr. Wilson has long been personally responsible. The Bishop occupied the chair and opened the proceedings by reading the following " Address to the Catholics of Hobart Town and its, vicinity:"— " Beloved ot our Lord,—You are too well aware, unhappily that some ques ious regarding temporal matters belonging to St. Joseph's Church, have long deiayed a final settlement. " At length, however, every obstacle has been removed. The land on which the Church and other buildings stand,, has been duly conveyed, by grant from the Crown,. to tbe, Trustees elected by you in DecemtewlMtf . j,. . " To effect this desirable settlement, I have, relying on jourfuihi,you.zeal,.and generosity, made my.; gelf 'peraonaUy- reoponsiblWor ^IdOQ,--ftad^-^AS^. 12s. $d: )^xpetiB9B"JtV obtainingithe^ Pf&ot;, asd> fqr the settlement of "this long-pending question. The payment, ^ therefore, ,of"this "£1545 ,12s. 6d. will render &e.; Church, and whole of the, adjoining- * property, , quite- free- from all debt. The Church belrijg- now your indisputable property, let it not stand in 'debt., • . " To you, then, I am compelled to appeal to assjst iu relieving me -from this heavy burden I have ventured to "take upon me. — " This appeal will not, I am suTe, be rejected with a cold refusal, or cold indifference. I only ask of each one, what he,' or .she, can reasonably give, J > do, however, ou.this occasion, ask for something of every one, even a trifle from the child in the arms of its mother. • " Those whom God has blest with ample means, will, I trust, help me Iibbrally and cheerfully,; and remember Sacred Scripture tells us, that " God' lo\es tlie clieerful giver." Those who have received . less, will, uo doubt, give according to their means. The poor widow mentioned by our Blessed Lord, in the 12th chapter of St..Mark, •« gave more by her two mites," thau the rich, who gave abundantly; because solely for God's honour, she gave " all she pjssessed." You are not counseled, nor required, to give all you possess, but you are advised not to weigh with cold and niggardly feelings how litfle you can give; but with a generous and confiding heart, and a cheerful mind, to give freely: knowing, that whatever you have, whether it be much or little,; comes from him, who is " the giver of all good I make this appeal to you, iu tbe hope that this burden may be speedily taken from me:—for, to a. great extent, as long as it presses upon me, my energies in many ways, as Bishop, must be crippled, and my efforts paralyzed. Once this burden is removed, by Heaven's blessing, I hope I shall be in. a position (if the Almighty spares me a little longer, and decrees that I should remain with you) to assist not only you in your efforts to serve Him, andsanctify your souls, but also those who have an equal, claim upon me throughout tbe Island. The common adage, that those " who would be helped, must also help themselves," will, I feel confident, hold good on this occasion ; aud in proportion as your zeal, faith, and geuerosity shall be manifested, in proportion will there be generous hands stretched out far and wide to help you. I shall wish—and measures shall be adopted to secure it being carried into effect—that the name of every individual who shall aid iu this good work, shall be faithfully registered, and the amount he gives either at one time, or weekly, or monthly stated. In conclusion, the beautiful exhortation made by St. Paul to his zealous converts at Corinth, shall now be addressed to you : and remember, for your comfort and encouragement, that it was inspired by the Holy Ghost. " Now this I say: He who soweth sparingly, shall also reap sparingly; and he who soweth in blessings, shall also reap of blessings. " Every one as he hath determined in his heart, not with sadness, or of necessity ; for God loveth the cheerful giver. " And God is able to make all grace abound in you; that ye always baring all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work. , " Aa it is written: He hath dispersed abroad; He hath given to the poor; His justice reraaineth for ever. " And he that ministering seed to the sower, will both give you bread to eat, and will multiply your seed, and increase the growth of the fruits ol' your justice." (2 Cor. ix.) At the conclusion of the Address, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted. Moved by Mr. Anstey, seconded by Mr. Murphy. 1\. That this meeting wishes to express its gratitude to the Eight Bev, tbe Bishop for having taken upon himself the personal responsibility for the suui named iu his paternal address, and pledges itself to use the most strenuous endeavours to procure funds for its liquidation as soon as possible. Moved by Mr. Boper, sconded by the Bev. W. Bond. 2\. That in order to carry inta effect the first resolution, it is advisable that subscription, lists should be immediately opened, and other measures adopted for obtaining fuuds. Moved by Dr. Macarthy, seconded by Mr. John Doyle. 3\. That the Vicar-General will be pleaded to allow two persons to be placed at tlie Church door each Sunday, iu order to take down the names and receive the donations of all who wish to contribute towards tlie fund, aud that he be advised to confide collecting books to different members of the congregation, in order to mark down donations, or weekly or monthly subscriptions, as proposed iu the Bishop's appeal. Moved by Mr. H. Hunter, seconded by Mr. Mc- Loughlin. 4\. That the Vicar-Geueral be requested to state, from time to time, the progress tlie fund makes, in order to encourage tbe zealous, and to spur on the lukewarm. Moved by Mr. H. Doyle, seconded by Mr. John O'Boyle. 5\. That the following members of the community be appointed to assist tbe Vicar- General in arranging plans aod carrying out the suggestions for the success of the good work. A subscription list was then opened, and money to the amount of £310 <s. Od. was collected at once, and placed upn the table. Promises were given for £200 more ; making in all, £522 7B. The Eight Rev. Dr. Willsou. contributes a donation of £100. Further sums, we understand, have since been collected ; aud by this means we trust our Boman Catholic brethren will soon be lightened of the load of liability which has hitherto pressed heavily on their Metropolitan Church. ROBBERY or WATCHES, MONEY. &C.;—On Saturday Richard Thake was brought before the presiding magistrates charged by Detective Morley with feloniously stealing four £5 notes, one JE10 note, a gold geneva watch, a double case silver watch, and two silk handkerchiefs, the property of Mr. John Derrich, of Richmond. At the request of the apprehending constable the case was remanded until Monday. 