AN ADVENTURE IN A RAILWAY CARRIAGE. —After I had taken my seat one morning at Paddington in an empty carriage, I was joined just as the train was moving off by a strange looking young man, with remarkably long flowing hair. He was of course a little hurried, but he seemed besides to be so disturbed and wild that I was quite alarmed for fear of his not being right in his mind, nor did his subse- quent conduct at all reassure me. Our train was an express, and he enquired angrily, at once, which was the first station whereat we were advertised to stop. I consulted my 'Bradshaw' and furnished him with the in- formation required. It was Reading. The young man looked at his watch. 'Madam,' said he, 'I have but half an hour between me and it may be, ruin. Excuse, therefore, my abruptness. You have I perceive a pair of scissors in your work bag. Oblige me if you please by cutting off all my hair.' 'Sir,' I said, 'it is impossible.' 'Madam,' he urged, and a look of severe determination crossed his features, 'I am a desperate man. Beware how you refuse me what I ask. Cut my hair off—short, close to the roots—immediately; and here is a newspaper to hold the ambrosial curls.' I thought he was mad, of course; and believing that it would be dangerous to thwart him, I cut off all his hair to the last lock. 'Now, Madam,' said he, unlocking a small portmanteau, 'you will further oblige me by looking out of the window, as I am about to change my clothes.' Of course I looked out of the window for a very considerable time, and when he observed 'Madam, I need no longer put you to any inconvenience,' I did not recognize the young man in the least. Instead of his former rather gay costume he was attired in black, and wore a gray wig and silver spectacles: he looked like a respectable divine of the Church of England, of about 64 years of age; to complete that character, he held a volume of sermons in his hand, which —they appeared so to absorb him—might have been his own. 'I do not wish to threaten you young lady,' he resumed, 'and I think besides, that I can trust your kind face. Will you promise me not to reveal this metamorphosis until your journey's end?' 'I will,' I said, 'most certainly.' At Reading, the guard and a person in plain clothes looked into the carriage. 'You have the ticket, my love,' said the young man blandly, and looking at me as though he were my father. 'Never mind, sir; we dont want them,' said the official, as he withdrew his companion. 'I shall now leave you madam,' observed my fellow-tra- veller, as soon as the coast was clear; 'by your kind and courageous conduct you have saved my life, and perhaps your own.' In another minute he was gone and the train was in motion. Not till the next morning did I learn from 'The Times' newspaper that the gentleman on who I had operated as hair- cutter, had committed a forgery to an enor- mous amount in London, a few hours before I met him, and that he had been tracked into an express train from Paddington, but that— although the telegram had been put in motion and described him accurately—at Reading, when the train was searched he was nowhere to be found. ???the man asked me if I wished to speak to him. I told him I wanted particularly to do it. Well, he took down the sack, and inside there was my uncle as dry as a mummy. He put him into warm water, and after a while the old man began to open his eyes and sneeze. At last says I, well uncle can you speak? and he said he could. So I began to chat with him about our relations. The man presently tired and be- gan to yawn. Says he, if you have anything particular to ask about, I guess you had better make haste as I am getting tired and want to be hung again. Well then uncle, says I, do just want to know what became of a particu- lar long gun you used to have. Look, says he, under the thatch at the northwest corner of the house and you'll find it. Thankee uncle, says I; and we tied the old man up again. Well, I found the gun, and loaded it with a pound of powder and six pounds of shot. In my country the pigeons are so plen- tiful that, unless you drive them away, they eat up all the grain. Somebody has to go out every morning to shoot them. Well, I was anxious for my turn. So I got up very early, long before daylight, and I laid the gun along a fence, just to sweep the field as I thought. I sat down to wait for morning, but somehow fell asleep. When I woke the ground was literally plastered with pigeons. But the gun swept just over their heads, and 'twas no use firing at them as they lay; but I thought that was no great matter, so made ready. Hallo! there, says I, and up they flew. I let fly, but the hundredth of a second too late. Not a bird did I kill, but we picked up two bushels and a half of legs and feet on the ground. MR. BATES AT LIBERTY. — At the time of the trial of Paul, Strahan, and Company, we protested against the conviction of poor Bates, as being entirely without evidence. At the time neither the public nor the authorities would listen to anything but making an exam- ple; and following the precept, 'rem, si possis recte, sed rem,' the jury resolved to convict — with evidence, if it could be had; if not, with- out it. The Crown, it turns out, has had its misgivings, for Mr. Bates has been set at 29066101520243- berty. — Dispatch. The farms on the estate of the Earl of Fife in Scotland, which had just run out of lease, have been leased again for nineteen years, chiefly to the former tenants, at rents ranging from 200 to 300 per cent, above the former rates. A WRITING MASTER WANTED.—The neces- sity of a Royal commission to inquire into the state of education in the United Kingdom, has been painfully brought home to us by a letter which we have received from an unknown ???ed by commercial gentlemen. The stewed kidneys and stout gin toddy in which they in- dulge previous to retiring form a good basis for a full nocturnal diapason— ; 'From their full racks the gen'rous steeds retire, Dropping ambrosial foams and snorting fire.' A 'full rack' seems to be the approved me- thod of tuning the instrument. It is a vulgar error to suppose that a large proboscis is ne- cessarily an organ of great power. On the contrary, in the huge cavern the air seems to lose itself; and we have seen an insignificant 'snub' that would have outsnored the most exaggerated Roman variety. There is a nice question in casuistry—whether a sleeper can hear himself snoring, and, if he can, whether he can awaken himself by his own snoring.— The Queen, says the Court Journal, bore the expense of the Princess's trousseau, and, in fact, of the whole wedding, entirely out of her own private purse; and the £40,000 voted by parlia- ment was presented by her Majesty to the young couple, intact, settled in the way described by the marriage contract. LORD LYTTLETON AND THE GHOST.—Some years ago I met an old gentleman at Ewall, in Suurrey, near which is Pitt's place, where his Lordship died. He gave me the following ac- count, which he had from a gentleman who was in the house at the time. This person was the organist of a neighboring town, whosE company was much courted on account of his musical talent, and who was a frequent visitor to his Lordship. The story ordinarily told is this,—that he dreamt the ghost of a lady whom he had seduced appeared to him, and predicted his death at 12 o'clock at night, on the third day following. My informant's story differs only thus far, that the supposed apparition was that of the mother of the lady in question, who had died of a broken heart in consequence of her daughter's dishonor. Lord Lyttleton was at this time in a very bad state of health, in consequence of his ex- cesses, and was subject to what my informant called "suffocating fits," —probably nervous hysteria. Be this as it may, it appears on the day of his death, the foretold third day, he had a party of friends at Pitt's place, among whom was the organist, whence my informant had the account. He says that Lyttleton was in a state of some agitation and had told the story of the dream to his friends. As the night wore on and midnight approached, his nervousness increased painfully: and some of his visitors said, during His absence, "Lyt- tleton will frighten himself into another fit, witH his foolish ghost story," and they deter- mined to put a clock which stood in the room forward, and when he returned to them they said, "Hurrah! Lyttleton, 12 o'clock is past, you've jockeyed the ghost. Now the best thing is to go quietly to bed; and in the morn- ing you will be all right." He accordingly went upstairs, and while some of the guests were putting on their coats to depart, his va- let came down to fetch something—it was said to get some mint water, which he was in the habit of taking, leaving his Lordship alone. At this period the clock of the parish church, which was not far off, and which of course could not have been touched, began slowly to peal forth the true midnight hour. The valet proceeded upstairs, and shortly burst forth into loud exclamations. The party ran up, and found that his Lordship had fallen dead. My informant's impression was, that the sudden revulsion of feeling from a state of fancied se- curity, to finding himself at the moment in the very instant of the dreaded danger had caused such a reaction as to bring on the fits which carried him off. He, no doubt, had heard the first stroke of the clock as well as others down stairs, and as each successive blow struck slowly upon the bell the sense of danger and the remembrance of the dream became greater and greater, and to so weakened a frame and so diseased a mind no doubt these caused the catastrophe. It is not improbable most ghost stories might be found to end in a similar na- tural solution.—Notes and Queries. A QUEER YARN.—The following American yarn, attributed to the celebrated Barnum, is quoted in a new work entitled, "Transatlantic Sketches;" — "I remember one Silas GrAY, a queer fellow, a citizen of the world, who, when he heard a traveller's tale, always chimed in with one more extraordinary still. Such as this: Did you ever go to the rocky Mountains? Well, I wonder at that. You may be sure you don't know the world. My ancestors came from there, and in my younger days we used often to talk of an old uncle that was living there about a century ago. He was a crack shot, and when he came down to see grand- father, brought a particular long gun with him. I thought I might as well go and see what they had done with the old man. Well, do you know, that district is so remarkibly healthy, high up in the air, that people never die. They get old and shrivelled, and lose their faculties pretty much, and then the neighbors tie them up in a sack and ticket them and hang them up in the church. So when I got there, I went to the church, and asked the man who had charge, if he knew what had become of my uncle. The man said he didn't know, but if I'd come along with him we'd see. So we went round and examined the sacks,—a precious lot of them. Sure ???enough there was my uncle's name on one. So member of the House of Commons, who re- quests that his name, which by some error of the clerks was omitted in the division list on Friday night, may be inserted in our columns as forming one of the majority. We say "un- known," because this honorable member, who, it appears, has "his local habitation," though certainly not his "name," at No. 24 Charles street, Berkely square, is evidently quite inca- pable of signing his name in a legible manner. We would not for the world assert that our correspondent had not received proper instruc- tion in writing in his youth, nor will we go so far as to say that his mysterious autograph may not be plain and clear to those who al- ready have the honor of his acquaintance; all we presume to state is, that as a means of af- fording information to strangers as to the writer's Christian and surname it is a signal failure, and so, until our mind is relieved on these important points, we can but deplore, with all sincerity, our utter inability to comply with the request of our anonymous correspon- dent.—Times. FRENCH DEMANDS UPON AUSTRIA.—It is past all doubt (says the Times, in an unusually significant article) that the requisitions of France are beyond what the comity of nations would seem to justify. Belgium and Switzerland have already yielded as far as it is possible for states which have a regard for their own inde- pendence. Sardinia has not only brought in a bill against conspiring to kill or dethrone a foreign sovereign, but is making changes in her jury system, apparently lest a liberal jury should by its decision emperil the friendship of the Emperor. But it is with Austria that an interference of the most novel kind is attempted. The forms of courtesy have certainly not been disregarded, as in the case of England, for the official indignation of Paris is sufficiently under restraint to avoid an assault on two first-rate Powers at once. But the demand of the French Emperor's government on the cabinet of Vienna go far beyond anything which has been at- tempted in our own case. We learn that M. de Bourqueney has actually demanded that the Austrian newspapers shall not be allowed to comment unfavorably on the state of France or the proceedings of the French government. The recent appointment of General Espinasse to the Ministry of the Interior is an event which naturally caused great surprise in Paris, and could hardly be uninteresting to the gossip- loving Viennese. A newspaper published some correspondence on the subject; and M. de Bourqueney was instructed to demand the "warning" in the Parisian style of the offend- ing journal. There is certainly something most revolting in the spectacle of Frenchmen, after seventy years of continual boasting about the propagation of their ideas, and the spread of their enlightenment, thus seeking not only to crush all liberty of speech and writing at home, but to strangle it in a country where it has just been born, and where it is still weak, timid, and, one would think inoffensive. Again, Austria, much to her credit, has lately relaxed her passport system. The quiet of the Italian provinces, and the general prosperity of the empire, have encouraged the statesmen of Vienna to remove most of the restrictions which our countrymen found so onerous even two years ago. But will it be believed, that the French government demands the re-establish- ment of the old system in more than all its former severity? M. de Bourqueney desires that every traveller from the Italian provinces shall obtain his passport at Milan or Venice, instead of from the authorities of the place where he resides. Generally, too, as the organ of the French government, he demands that the movements of the Italians should be more narrowly watched. Such requirements show how,far the present French authorities are dis- posed to carry their system. They seem to us to be far beyond what one state has a right to demand of another, and we cannot but think the Count Buol has shown a just sense of what is due to his sovereign in rejecting them. No one can accuse Austria of harbouring de- mocrats or o; encouraging libellers; and to pretend that any real danger threatens France from the present institutions of her neighbour is more than the credulity of mankind can accept NATURAL HISTORY OF SNORING—The na- tural history of snoring seems never to have received any competent discussion. The variety of power in the nasal organ is great. You have the 'piano snore,' commencing on a weak key, and passing away into thin whistle, which we have mistaken for the wind playing through the keyhole or some other cranny. Then there is the great sonorous snore, pealing awfully through the house in the silence of the night. We once had a visitor with such gift- ed nostrils, and we can depone that, although he did not awaken any responsive concert in the pond, he set our two terriers, at dead of night, into a furious fit of barking. It was a new terror to them, and we had the greatest difficulty of explaining to Billy and Pepper that no harm was meant—that no invasion of the premises was threatened—that it was 'vox et præterea nihil. The great snore is often varied by wild unearthly cadences, harmonis- ing with the howling wind without; and, in in listening to such a performance, we are free to confess thet sometimes on our solitary pillow we have felt a little 'eery.' But the most characteristic and best defined snore is the sudden quick convulsive snore, properly described as a snort. It is as like as may be to the snort of the war horse, or to that of the starting, struggling locomotive, for which it has been more than once mistaken by a half awake traveller who had to go by an early train. The locomotive seems clearly to have copied from the human engine. Whoever wishes to study the subject let him take his station during the night in the lobby of the bedroom-flat of a large hotel. His opportuni- ties will be better if the hotel is much frequent- 