'«T» . i THE NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL. '?? The ceremony of laying tho corner stone of the New Wesleyan Chapel, High- street, West Maitland, was per- formed on Tuesday afternoon, on the ground behind the present structure, in presence of an assemblage, notwith- standing tbe scorohing heat of tho Bun and the hot wind prevalent, of probably two hundred persons, inolading many, ladies and a strong muster of juveniles. The proceedings were commenced by the singing, of an-appropriate hymn, after wbioh the Be v. James Buller, Chairman of the New Zealand Distriot, prayed ; and the Bev. J. G. Turner, of Maitland, read a psalm. .?The Bev. B. CHAPMAN, of Maitland, addressing Mr. A. M'Arthur, who waa to lay the stone, presented him with a silver,tro wei, as a memento of the auspicióos occasion. He announced that Mr. M'Arthur was about to lay in the cavity «ut in the stone, a bottle* containing a paper bear- ing the following inscription :-. '" This stone ia laid by Alexander M'Arthur, Esq., J.P., of Sydney, in the 21st yoar of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria ; Sir William Thomas Denison, being Governor of the colony ; John Allen Manten, Präsident of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Confer- ence ; Stephen Rabone, Chairman of the New South Wales District ; Benjamin Chapman, Josiah G. Turner, and William Clarke, ministers of the Maitland Cirouit. .<. The bnilding, of which this is tho" foundation-stone, is to be a Wesleyan Methodist chapel, 100 feet by C3 feet over all. The: following gentlemen aro the trustees, viz., Samuel Owen, Joseph Ede Pearce, William Currey, Joseph Yoodale, John Fakliner, James Wolstenholrae, Isaac Beckett, William. Arnott, John. Bowden, Henry Nancarrow, Thomas Cooper, and Frederick Currey. .The contractors ara Mr. John Wright, and Messrs. Made and Sherwood. ." Wesleyan Methodism was introduced into Maitland, in.the year 1838. The chapel which is to give place to the one of whioh the corner-stone ls laid to- day, was built itt the centenary year of Methodism, 1839.. The first resident Wesleyan minister in Maitland was the Beverond Jonathan lanes, who oommenoed bis labours in the year 1810. The Conference of 1855 divided what was formerly the Hunter River Cirouit into three cir- cuits, tbe two near ones being Newoastle and Singleton. There are now, in the Maitland Cirouit, 10 Iooal preaohers, 31 olass leaders, and 385 members of sooiety, '"'And of Zion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her, and the Highest Himself shall establish her.'' : ? "BENJAMIN CHAPMAN, "Sap. Min., " JOSEPH EDE PEARCE, .-..« Cirouit Steward. . "West Maitland, Ith January, 1858." A friend bad, Mr. Chapman said, suggested the addition of a postscript, to give the information, should the bottle ever'be opened again, that on the day when it was laid,'the thermometer stood at 101 degrees in the shade. \- . The stone having been lowered into its position 'Mr. M'ARTHUR applied the level to the surface, and gave the oustemary raps with the mallet, saying, " I lay this stone in tho name of the Father, the Son, and (be Holy Ghost." He then proceeded to make a' short ad- dress. He ' expressed the pleasure he felt at being present on the oooasion, and being identified - with the building of the chapel. He then spoke of the beneficial results that would follow the exeoution of the work-tho raising of a house wherein tho voioe of praise and prayer would be heard, and the Word of God would bo prenohed ; and he trusted that the promiso would there bo realised, that wherever His naroo was recorded, Ho would be there to Hess. There was one other idea to which he wished to give expression, with reference to Wesleyan Methodists. They wore not influenced in raising the building by any sectarianism, or feelings of hostility towards other fleo tiona of the Christian Churoh ; but, as a seotion of the Church Universal, they sought to discharge tho duty that devolved upon thom to eroot buildings to promote tho glory of God, and they sought to give increased con- venience and accommodation to thoso who would wor- ship with them thoro. He would not say more, and as it was usual on suoh ocoasions to deliver an address embodying the prinoiples of Wesleyan Methodism, the Bev. Stephen Rabone would do so in tho chapel, wbioh the excessive heat rendered a more suitable place. The assembly then adjourned to the ohapol, where the Rev. S. Rabone delivered an address of the nature indicated. After this a tea mooting was held in the chapel pre. mises, and in tho late bowling saloon, nearly opposite. The tables were abundantly supplied, and were super, intended by ladies of the congregation ; about five hundred persons partook of tho refreshments provided; tho heat, nowever, was almost intolerable. In tho evening a publio meeting was held lu tho chapel, when there was a good attendance-the tem-, perature considered. Tho amount promised and collected at tho publio meeting was Xöü 10s., which, with tho prooeeds of, tho tea meeting, raised the amount sf tba subscription list first read to about £1400. The silver trowel used in laying the stone was from the establishment of Messrs. F. and F. Currey, and bore .n inscription to tho offoot that it was " Presented to A. MoArthur, Esq., J.P., on tho laying of the foundation stone of tho Wosleyan Ohapol, Wast Maitland." NEW ENOIAND.-Tho Armidale Exprtn of Saturday last reports that a Now- Year's-day party were returning homewards when a volloy, and thon a pistol, wore play- fully fired ovor tho hoad of ono of tho number, Mr. Lamb, of Mr. Trim's store, as he reached home. Tho last shot was foolishly fired at his face, and tho wadding struok him and penetrated beneath tho skin, near the left eye. Tho injury happily proved slight, and there waa no danger that the eyesight would auder. The previous Monday and Tuesday had boon marked by hot winds, the Tuesday's being a derided ono, and DO degrees in the shade being registered by tho thermometer in Armidale. Only one day ol similar heat was remembered by a ten years' resident in New England. 