IPSWICH COURT OF REQUESTS. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1858. Before Col. Gray and Messrs. Smith and Ranken. Kenneth M'Lelland u. John Kilfoyle..-Mr. Chnbb for plaintiff. From the evidence adduced it appeared that, the plaintiff is the owner of a quarry, and this amount, (£6 7s.) was for work performed in assisting defendant to cart stone. Verdict for plaintiff, £5 10s. James Anderson v. Chas. Fred. Chnbb.-Mr. Macalister appeared for the defendant. An action to recover £2 2s. an over-charge of attorney's costs. Plaintiff swore that when the settlement took place, and he received a cheque for the balance, lie expressed himself dissatisfied at defendant's retaining a sum of £2 2s, costs, allowed against a man named Gray, defendant in the law proceed- ings; and defendant swore that he charged the plaintiff £1 Is. only for professional services in consideration of retaining the costs allowed against Gray. Defendant's clerk also stated that lie was present at the settlement, and plaintiff oxprossed himself quite satisfied, and said that he would employ defendant again. The Court, however, gave a verdict for plaintiff, for tbo £2 2s, as the bill delivered of defendant contained no mention of the £2 2s. James M'Lelland v. Thomas Stanley : Mr, Chubb for plaintiff, and Mr. Macalister for tho defendant. Defendant some time previously charged plaintiff and two others with stealing four bottles of gin his property. The case was tried at the Police Court and was dismissed, the Magistrates making some very sevore remarks on the utter want of evidence to prove the charge. There were two other cases of tho same descrip- tion, Fuller i>. Stanley, and Barrett v. Stanley. Mr. Chubb consented to nbiue by the verdict in the first case in the two others. James M'Lelland sworn .. Is the plnintíff¡¡n this action. Sometime since appeared at that Court to answer a charge of stealing four bottles of gin pre- ferred against him by the defendant. The case was dismissed. Has been at considerable expense in answering that charge. During that time he was compelled to remain in Ipswich. Through that charge ho lost some loading. My attorney's costs in til at case were £4 4s. He came to this court to clear his character. On the day the gin was supposed to have been taken, Stanley was in Brisbane. Was in and out of his public-house, having a glass of grog occasionally. The day before this charge was brought Mrs. Stanley asked hira to bring in a case of gin. Mr. Stanley was in the parlor. Witness saw that it was opened, and immediately told Mrs. Stanley. She ques- tioned the servants concerning the same. Mrs. Stanley then accused Fuller and Barrett of taking it. The same evening a man named Morley ac- cused witness of taking the gin. Witness replied to the accusation " you are a friend in the house, and you see a man steal gin and say nothing." Ou his oath he did not take the giu. When Stanley came back ho said, " Pretty fellows you are, to tuko ray grog in my absence." He said he'd take out summonses for a dozen of us. Cross-examined : Witness thought that upon Morlej's evidenco at tho trial, he was fortunato in not having been committed. He knew uo more about the gin than Mr. Macalister did. He was acquainted with Mrs. Hurley at Little Ipswich. He never was accused before of theft, and his feelings were hurt. Mr. Macalister for the defence, contended that his client upon Morley'* evidence, was justified in oharging tho plaintiff with stealing the gin. Case dismissed. Tho other cases, Fuller v. Stanley-Barrett v. Stanley, were then called on and dismissed. Thomas Stanley v. Barrett. An aotion for £ 10 for board and lodging, Mr. Macalister for plantiff, and Mr. Chubb for défendant. Verdict for plain tiff £10. Thomas Stanley v. M'Lelland was then heard, and a verdict for £8 given. Hargrave v. Nelson.-Mr. Chubb for plaintiff, Mr Macalister for defendant. An action to re- cover a sum of mone.y paid for a bullook bought of defendant through Mr. Twine his agent, and which was afterwardsolaimed.and plaintiff, through an order of the court, was compelled to deliver up. Verdiot for defendant. Alfred Browncntt v. Martin Byrnes, - Mr. Chubb for plaintiff, Mr. Macalister for defendant. An aotion brought io recover £9 15s. Od.' fora breaoh of contraot. Verdict for defendant. Orr v. Owen Connor.-An action to recover 5s. -the difference between tho price agreed for and paid for a cow. Verdict for plaintiff, with costs. THURSDAY, AUGUST 5, 1858. Before Colonel Gray and Mr. Broughton. HAMLET'S FATHER'S GnosT.-F. M'Lnughlan v. J. Stnnley.-Mr. Chubb for plaiutiff; Mr. Thompson for defendant. This action arose out of a former one, in which defendant pleuded a sot off of £10, for goods supplied, consisting of theatrical dresses. Defendant gained tho former notion, and plaintiff applied for these goods, which wore refused. Plaintiff likewise stated that defondant had sinco lent these identical drosses ; ono pair of hreeohes to Worrell to play Horatio in, and a pair of tights to Johnson to play the Ghost. A defence was made that thora was a partnership botweon the parties. Mr. Chubb, in li is address to the Bench, stated that he thought if tbo Bondi did como to a decision that there was a partnership between the parties, this was a Court of Equity, and the Bencli might award half the sum claimed to the plaintiff. Mr. Thompson : Thought, indeed ! Thought about your grandmother. Mr. Chubb objected to Mr. Thompson making any allusion to his grand matornul arrangement, unless lie intended to call her as a witness in his case. Verdict for defondant. rotor Dwyer u. Mark Garby.-Mr. Macalister for plaintiff, and Mr. Chubb défendant. An aotinn lo iccovor £2 2s. for house-rent. The defendant pleaded a set oft' for work and labor done, but which was not allowed, becauso the work was proved to bo on, a contract which was not yet completed. Verdiot for plaintiff £2 2s. with costs. Pettigrow w. Marks, Mahoney u. Myers, Petti- grew v. Grimsby, Pettigrow v. Smith, Bailey u. Camelon, Gorry v. Cameron, Connor v. Cullen, Bavs v. Cullen, M' Donald v. Cullen, -Holt ». Oullon, F ord u. Gordon, Ford u. Flanagan, Carey «>. Onnney, Watson \J. Worrell. In these cases there note no appearances or pleas, and the p'a'iitiffs roenvpi'od the full ¡«.mounts claimed. Turner u. B\rm»s-Settled. Pasley v. M'Namara, Bourdon v. Hogan,-Ia tam thtrt wiri n» »ppN»n«Mt V'mwi, com the« and form hosp hear but callei out-i that oould oeivii stitul make agaii ad mil of th faild 