BRIEF 5 SKETCH OF THE CAREER OF THE MAJOR-GENERAL SIR HENRY HAVELOCK," K.C.B. , (Continued from a previous issue.") THE year 1843 was one of repose after the fatigues and dangers of the Affghan campaigns, and Havelock resumed with no ordinary delight the religious instruction of his men during the few months he continued with his regiment. In the course of the year he was promoted to a regimental majority, at the age of forty-eight, and was soon after appointed Persian interpreter to the Commander-in-Chief, Sir Hugh-now Viscount Gough, and was thus placed in a position to take an active share in the stirring events of the next three years. Scarcely had he joined his appointment than' he was again called into the field. Emboldened by our reverses in Affghanistan the Gwalior durbar had begun to manifest a spirit of resistance, which Lord Ellenborough found it necessary to crush. An army was assembled under the immediate command of Sir Hugh Gough, and crossed the Chumbul ; a severe and decisive action was fought at. Muha report, in which Havelock bore a conspicuous part by the side of the Commander-in-Chief. In that engagement he manifested his characteristic coolness under fire, as narrated to the writer of this notice by the late Capt. Fletcher Hayes, who, happening to arrive in the camp on the eve of the engagement, obtained permission to act as aide-de-camp. He wrote that he had never witnessed such intrepidity as that displayed by Major Havelock, who, as the cannon balls ploughed up the ground to the right and left, coolly took off his hat, and successively saluted them. Capt. Hayes did not then know of Havelock's relationship to the writer. On the conclusion of hostilities, she toured with the Commander-in Chief through the native states, and then returned to Simlah. Lord Ellenborough was soon after recalled, and Sir Henry Hardinge, a Peninsular general. of great eminence, was appointed to succeed him. Then came first, the alarm, and then the event of a Sikh invasion. The iron hand of Runjeet Singh no longer controlled the magnificent army through whose exer- tions he had risen to power, and under his feeble successors, as usual in Asiatic states, they regulated their obedience by their own inclinations. -A Sikh war became daily more inevitable. Major George Broadfoot, Havelock's bosom friend, and his associate in the defence of Jellalabad, was appointed political agent for the north-west frontier. He was one of that body of illustrious men who, in the field and in the cabinet, have established the supremacy and maintained the honor of England in India, and to him the difficult negociations with the Sikhs were entrusted. In the year 1845, the two friends enjoyed for the last time the benefit of each other's society in Simlah, about to be terminated for ever by the death of Broadfoot. Havelock was now promoted to a Lieut.-colonel by brevet. The dark clouds which had collected in the Punjaub became more threatening. The Governor-General hastened to the north-west from Calcutta; Sir Hugh Gough descended from the hills. The rulers at Lahore, no longer able to control their turbulent battalions, let them loose on the British dominions, and 80,00 men crossed the Sutlej to pour stream of de- solation on our provinces. Our troops advanced to repel the invasion, and the first clash of arms' occurred at the battle of Moodkee, where our native Sepoys for the first time encountered and received from the shock of the Sikhs. Havelock was directed by Sir Hugh Gough to stem the flight ; some of the fugitives were brought up, and they both placed themselves at the head of the allied troops, advanced to the charge, and turned the scale. In this arduous engagement Havelock had two horses shot under him. After the battle, exhausted with fatigue, he rode up to a well and Slaked his thirst copiously, while his horse refused to taste the water. It had been poisoned by the Sikhs, and it was long before his constitution recovered from the effect of that deleterious draft. On the 21st and 22nd of December was fought the great and perilous battle of Ferozeshuhur, when the fortunes of our empire trembled in the balance. In that terrific engagement, in which the gallant Broadfoot fell, Havelock fought side by" side with Sir Hugh Gough and the Governor-General, the latter of whom had soon discovered his great military qualifications, and eagerly sought his advice. The action commenced in the afternoon of the shortest and the coldest day of the year, and by nightfall every one of our brigades but one had been baffled in the attempt to penetrate the hostile camp. It was then that a regiment of European cavalry, by an act of splendid but rash gallantry, dashed through the enemy's camp, losing a hundred and fifty men in the useless charge. On emerging on the opposite direction, Major Charles Havelock, who was on the staff of the cavalry brigade, and had been severely wounded, met Sir Henry Hardinge, who asked his name. Havelock, was the reply. It was too dark to distinguish features, and Sir Henry, mistaking the major for days brother said, .' Another such day, and the empire of India dollars." The major explained that he belonged to the cavalry brigade, and the Governor-General retired to his tent. During the night, the enemy, discovering Sir Henry's tent, brought a heavy fire to bear on it, and it became necessary to silence their artillery. Be sent out in search of Havelock, and he was found sleeping on the ground with a bag of gunpowder for his pillow, utterly unconscious of his danger from the enemy's bullets, which were flying about in every direction, and the explosion of expense magazines, When gently re proved for this temerity, he replied to Sir Henry " I was so tired." The Governor-General and his staff and Havelock placed them' selves at the head of the few troops who pr< say So by Sir cat so that we do the wa me by wa Se in ages yet had exile am hat he had met He Mr tia in sec go; his Sal of ver his Ha of the aft wa and in mi the he a his see far at we can put out of the reap wl lee the to sea for lil in the fr< ea tr, sh 1 could be collected together in the darkness of the night and drove back the enemy. From the field of battle, he wrote to Scratnpore, " Under the good providence of God, India has been again saved by a miracle," The next of the Sutlej battles, that of Allawah, was gained by his old commander in the rifle brigade, Sir Harry Smith. On the 10th February, to came the last and crowning victory of Ii Sobraon. Havelock was again in the c thickest of the engagement, and his horse j T was struck down by a cannon shot, which if passed through his saddle cloth. At the a close of the campaign, he returned with s< the Commander-in-Chief to Simlah, and 1 p was soon after appointed Deputy Quarter- master-general of Queen's troops at Bombay, and proceeded to that presidency by way of Calcutta. He spent some days at Serampore, where he found his mother in-law, the widow of Dr. Marshman, gently descending to the grave at the advanced age of eighty, forty-five of which had been passed in active and disinterested exertions for the support of the Mission. He took leave of her for the last time, and embarked for his new post. But he had not been long at Bombay before his health began to fail, which he attributed in a great measure to the poison introduced into his system at the well at Moodkee. He was constrained therefore to visit Mubabuleshur, and his health was partially restored, but the debility returned in the succeeding year, and he went a second time to the Hills, determined, if possible, to continue another year at his post. In the spring of 1848, the second Sikh war broke out, on the murder of two of our officers at Mooltan, and in November of that year, Havelock lost his elder brother, Colonel William Havelock, who fell gallantly at the head of his regiment, the 14th Dragoons, in thefatal'skirmish at Kamnuggur. Soon after Havelock's own regiment, the 53rd, was ordered into the field, and, in accordance with military usage, and not less under the impulse of his own ardour for military enterprise, he hastened to join the army, where his military rank would, he hoped, entitle him to the command of a brigade. He had reached indore on his way to the Punjaub, when he was sternly and peremptorily ordered to return to Bombay. During his residence at that presidency, he identified himself with every exertion made by the Christian community to promote the interests of piety and benevolence. He laid himself out to do good, and the cordial assistance of one who occupied so influential a position, and whose religious character was respected even by the infidel, was warmly appreciated by his evangelical associates, who still delight to dwell on the recollections of their intercourse with him at that period. Strongly attached as he was to the distinguishing tenets of his own section of the Christian church, he manifested a spirit of the most enlightened liberality towards all denominations, and more particularly took an active part in the establishment of a branch of the Evangelical Alliance at Bombay. An extract from the speech he delivered at one of its early meetings will serve to illustrate this trait in his character. " But while he should part with his own Baptist principles only with his life, he declared his willingness cordially to fraternise with every Christian who held by the head, and was serving the Redeemer in truth and sincerity. And here he would protest against its being alleged, as adversaries would insinuate, that where men of various denominations met, as this evening, in a feeling of brotherhood, they could only do this by paring down to the smallest portion the mass of their religion j on the contrary, all brought with them their faith in all its strength and vitality. They left, he thought, at the door of the place of assembly the husks and shell of their creed, but brought into the midst of their being on the precious kernel. They laid aside for a moment at the threshold the canons, and articles, and formularies of their section of Christianity, but carried with them up to the table at which he was speaking the very quintessence of their religion." After a residence of a little more than two years at Bombay be found his health so seriously impaired that he yielded to the orders of his medical advisers, and embarked for England on the 3rd of October, 1849\. On his arrival there he immediately placed himself in the hands of Mr. Martin, then an eminent practitioner in London, but twenty-five years before his associate in the expedition to Burmah. Ho derived great benefit from his advice, and was permitted to indulge the hope of being able to return to his duties in India on the expiration of his medical furlough. After a short sojourn in London he proceeded with Mrs. Havelock and the children to Plymouth, and spent several months in the enjoyment of the society of his sister. But Havelock could not be idle ; while residing at Plymouth he entered on a course of active benevolence, visiting the cottages of the poor, imparting religious instruction to them, and endeavouring in this new and quiet sphere, to render himself as useful as he had done amidst the excitement of military operations. On the 6th of Search he was presented at the levee at St. James's by the Duke of Wellington, who had also recognised his Indian services by presenting a cadetship to his eldest son. In June he proceeded on a tour of visits to the friends of his youth whom time had spared, and more particularly to the most attached of his associates, Sir William Norris and the late Archdeacon Hare. Sir William coinmciiiovalûd, in elegant verse, the " Meeting of the three friends ;" not forgetting to bring into the same association the Carthusians of their day who had since risen to eminence. Soon after Havelock was recommended to take the medicinal waters of Germany, and proceeded with his family to Ems, and found his constitution, materially strengthened by residing at the Spa" The title was now approaching for his return to India and after long and painful deliberation, it was mutually resolved that Mrs. Havelock should remain in Europe, for the education of the daughters, while Havelock proceeded alone to Bombay, in the hope of being able to rejoice. at the for mination of his 3 years tenure profile, The separation was exquisitely painful ; but of it is one of the stern conditions of Indian I existence. Havelock submitted to it with " resignation, strengthened by the convict- to tion that he was in the path of duty. But it the pain was in some measure alleviated by the opportunity of constant and rapid correspondence, created by the establishment of steam communication between India and Europe, which has served so essentially to mitigate the feeling of exile. The extracts from his correspondence tes ' tify to the warmth of conjugal and parental j affection, which always glowed in the bosom of Havelock-; and although the ss I paration was equally distressing to both parties, it served to create an opportunity, which might otherwise have been want- ing, of illustrating the true character of the hero as a husband and a parent. After taking leave of his family, he travelled through Germany, visiting the most celebrated galleries of painting, and embarked at Trieste. He reached Bombay in November, renovated in health and strength by his residence of two years in Europe, and continued at his post till, in 1854, Lord Hardinge, who had succeeded the Duke of Wellington as Commander-in-Chief, appointed him Quartermaster-General of Queen's troops in India. He then proceeded to Calcutta on his way to head-quarters, and visited Serampore j but the old familiar faces were no longer to be seen. On this occasion he writes to his family,-"At Serampore I rose early in the morning, and visited the printing office, the manufactory, the college, all consecrated scenes. In the cha- pel I saw the monumental slab to Mrs. Marshman's memory, on the same wall with those of Carey, Marshman, Ward, and Mack. I read two chapters in the Bible at the table before the pulpit and prayed alone." On the 8th of December of the same year he was gazetted as Adjutant-General of her Majesty's forces, a post of the greatest labor and the highest responsibility, but for which, as Lord Hardinge justly remarked, no man in India was better qualified. He remained at the head of the staff for two years, during which time he continued with the Commander-in-Chief, both in Calcutta and on the tour of periodical inspection, and it was arranged that Mrs. Havelock and his daughters should shortly join him in India, leaving the youngest son, the "mighty Georgy," as he was accustomed to call him, to complete his education in England, when all his plans and prospects were at once changed by the expedition which the English Ministry determined to send to Persia. Two months before the order for the expedition arrived in India, he wrote to the compiler of this sketch, " I scrape together something every month towards keeping my wife and children out of the Union when I can no longer labor, but slowly, and at some expense of constitution, though God be praised, I have not looked at a doctor since I left Simlah last year. But I am grey headed and nearly toothless, and yet scarcely within eight years' hail of the rank of Major- general. All, however comes right in the end." And right it did come. Sir James Outram, who made the Cabul campaign with Havelock sixteen years before, and knew his value, was nominated from home to the chief command of the expedition, and immediately on his arrival at Bombay from England, advised Lord Elphin- stone to request that he should be appointed to the charge of a division. " I never," writes Havelock, " should have solicited such a command, and would in truth rather have been employed in the north-west provinces, where it is not unlikely that a force may be hereafter required. But when the post of honour and danger was offered me by telegraph, old as I am, I did not hesitate a moment. The wires carried back my unconditional and immediate acceptance." On his arrival at Bombay, he found his son Harry, who was completing his military education at Sandhurst when the Persian expedition was announced, and immediately hasten- ed to India, in the hope of being able to take a share in that active service, and he was not disappointed. Just before Havelock embarked for Persia he wrote home, " If by God's * blessing I succeed, I trust they will make me a Major-general, which is £400 a year for life, with the hope of a regiment or £500 a year more. If I am unfortunate, I need not tell you the fate of a British general under such circumstances. I trust in God, and will do my best. The inducement is the hope of promotion in days when fifteen Crimeans, ten junior to me, have been made Major-generals at one swoop. All is in the hands of a merciful God." On the 27th of January he embarked on the steamer, and a salute was fired in compliment to his rank, " the first expense of the kind to which I have ever put the Indian Government." Hearrivedat Bushire too late to participate in the battle of Kooshab, but was soon after despatched with his division to the Euphrates where the enemy was encamped in great strength at Mohamra. But here again there were no laurels for the land service. This grand position on the Euphrates was carried by the navy. Havelock passed the fort with his men on the steamer, and landed j but the enemy took to flight. On this occasion he writes : " The whiz of his cannon in passing over my crowded steamer, and the sense of the same protecting Providence, was all that I had to remind me of former days." Here he omits all mention of his own conduct, which has been supplied by one of his officers. The vessel was filled with troops, who were exposed to a perfect shower of balls as it passed the forts. Havelock ordered them to lie down on the deck that the balls might pass over them, and took his own station on the paddle-box to act as the occasion might require, Though exposed to the most imminent danger from the brisk fire of the enemy, he escaped unhurt. The. Persian expedition was nipped in the bud by the result of negociations in Europe. Havelock, as he wrote to his family, awoke on the 5th of April, and found himself sixty-two ; but just as his men were drawn up for church parade, Sir James Outram rode down to inform him that their occupation was gOBQ,peaoo twing' been agree 'Mr ?*F»» W ft» W , of March. He now prepared to return to India. " The intelligence," he writes, , " which elevates some and depresses , others, finds me calm in my reliance on that dear Redeemer who has watched over and cared for me, even when I knew him not, these threescore and two years." To another he writes, " I am in my sixty third year, but I think lean campaign as merrily as in 1846. The recoil on the constitution, however, may be more severe. I have written to General Anson that I am ready for China when this is over." Havelock reached Bombay from Persia on the 30th May and heard the astound- ing intelligence of the mutiny of the Bengal army, and determined immediately to cross the country and join General Anson before Delhi, although the mon- soon had set in above the ghosts ; but Lord Elphinstone, the Governor of Bombay, and Col. Melville the military secretary insisted upon it that he should not attempt so dangerous a route, more especially as rumours of revolt in Central India were already rife. Had he persisted in his intentions he must inevitably have fallen into the hands of the insurgents. So he embark- ed on the Erin steamer for Galle, intend- ing to take the first vessel for Calcutta. The voyage was short and agreeable and bets had, as usual, been made on board as to the time of their arrival at chalice. The vessel was going eleven knots an hour, the moonlight was bright, and the weather fine. Havelock had turned in for the night; at one in the morning the vessel struck, and his son came down calmly and said, " Sir, get up, the ship has struck." Then ensued a scene of fearful confusion. The commander sprang from his bed, overcome by the misfortune, and the crew lost their self- possession. Havelock came on deck, and seeing the state of things, said to the men that if they would only obey orders and keep from the spirit cask, they would all be saved. They had to wait four hours for daylight, and the vessel experienced repeated shocks ; but the passengers, crew, and specie, were all saved. When they reached the shore, as narrated by one of the passengers, he called on those around him to return thanks to Almighty God for their deliverance, and himself offered the sacrifice of thanksgiving. He embarked at Galle for Calcutta, and the vessel calling at Madras, took on board Sir Patrick Grant, who had been appointed to act as provisional commander of the forces on the death of General Anson. On the 17th of June, the two generals reached Calcutta, where they learned that the whole of the north-west province was in a blaze of revolt that Sir Hugh Wheeler at Cawnpore, and Sir Henry Lawrence, at Luck- now, were closely besieged by the | insurgents, and that it was necessary to send instant relief to them. Havelock was selected for this arduous enterprise three days after his arrival. r May God," he writes," give me wisdom and strength to fulfil the expectations of Government, and restore tranquillity to the disturbed provinces." His preparations were just" completed, though he had lost all his baggage in the steamer and on the 23rd of June, the centenary of the day on which in 1757, the, daring genius of Clive had won the battle of Plassey and laid the foundation of our magnificent empire in India, Havelock started from Calcutta to assist in re-establishing it. (To be continued.) 