tharwadi, the mad king of aya. (From A Narrative of the Mission sent by the Governor General of India to the Court of Ava, in 1855. by Captain Henuy Yule.) For a year or two the King's violent and menacing conduct, surrounded, as he continued to be, by disreputable sub" jects and low foreigners, troubled the British Government, every now and then, with the apprehension, of what they so much dreaded—a second Bur mese war. Especially "was this the case in the latter part of 1841, when KiDg Tharawadi visited Rangoon with his whole Court ; a visit which had been proceeded by a great military prepar ation. The King was " letting I.dare not, wait upon i would," but he was not without a just sense of the British power, whatever might be his vaunts ■when stimulated by pride, passion, and flattery. So, in the end, prudence, and probably, the King's impatienceof every thing like serious business, prevailed. In spite of his caprices and insane crul ties, there must have been some attrac tive points about this King, for he is still spoken of at Amarapoora with some thing of kindly rememberance. This, however, may have been in great mea sure the result of the tenror and hatred inspired by the more systematic and cold blooded atrocities of the son who Eucceeded him on t'le throne. Thara wadi was a more active habits than has been usual among the Burmese Kings and was found of mechanical arts, As early as the period of his assumption of the throne, symptoms of insanity in Tharawadi's conduct had been noticed by Colonel Butney. The shock occa sioned by the explosion of the powder magazine within the palace walls» in in the beginning of 1841, it is said to have further unsettled his mind. A few anecdotes, noted from the recollec tion of residents in the country at the time, will give an idea of the Burmese Court under King Tharawadi. In 1843, when" Sir Charles Napier's campaign in Sindh was first heard of at Amara poora, the king remarked to an English merchant that he was on the best of terms with the British, and tha', if the Government would only send ships to Rangocn, he would put a thousand men on board every ship, to go and fight in our part iu Sindk. '' I want nothing from Queen Victoria in return," he said, " except a small feather, or some such trifle. " M the time when he made this chivalrous offer his Majesty was putting people to death every day with his own hand. Through some thing of the same feeling, perhaps, that made him so anxious to get rid of Barney, it was noticed that the King committed no murders on days when the gentlemen just mentioned came to Court, insomuch as one of the Woon gyis begged him to visit the King daily. On one occasion the King was riding ; his horse stumbled, and the umbrella-bearer, who ran alongside, laid hold of the reins to recover it. The poor man was immediately shot. A. favorite royal amusement was, to make anyone- who hanpened to be present kneel down with his face to the ground, when the King, drawing his sword, would facetiously score a chessboard with gashes on the unfortunate's bare back. A man who is still iu office about the Court can show the chequered endorsementof King Tharawedis favours Often he would have two or three men taken out, and would set them up to be shot at with his double-barrelled g^n. He used to procure the livers of his victims and offer them to the tutelary spirits of various trees. In the latter years of his reign Tharawadi quitted the capital, and lived almost entirely at Made, a village on the Irawadi, a few miles north of the city, at which he had built a Palace. The King, sus pecting fhe Woongyi Moung Youk-glu, mho had been formerly governor of Rangoon, to have been cognisant oi the Prince's intentions, speared him with his own hand. A few months later (September, 1845), a more successful ®tt« inpt was made to put the "-5nS under restraint. One of his sons, ca ec the Taroup- mau'Mentha (Prince o Chinese point), assisted by some officers of the Court, seized bis person,removed him to the Palace of Amarapoors, and placed him there in confinement. In*' attendance of his women and servanU was allowed bim till the end o' h»s life, in November, 1846. Daring this in terval the Government wa* exercised py the Prince of Paga.n, the eldest legiti mate son, but he did not assume the Royal title till his father's death. Roman Poultby.—The ancient R) mans, though not great beef-eaters, «vere particular as to poultry. Dr. E>-;ube"y in his " Lectures on Roman Iiusbac erv " says •—■'The ancient Romans had i iV- rJ-.r-rves, not only of poultry and piKeoi.s, but even of thrushes an I'1"1 enclosed in pens, which were ca -e ornithomes.frorn which they could mi supply for the taW« We are told, indeed, of two sorts oi ornithornesthe one merely aviaries stock vi _with birds for the amusement of f.he j proprietor ; the other kind, constructed with a view to profit which were of vast extent, to supply the demands of the Roman market for such, articles oi luxury. la tha Sabiae country . par ticularly, we read of extensive pens, filled with birds for the latter purpose. For thrushes alone there were large rooms provided, eaeh capital of holding several thousand birds. As they were put in to be fattened, the place had only jnst.light enough to enable the birds to see their food, but there was a good supply of fresh water accessible. And I may remark, that whilst ■ nothing is said by the Roman writers about the fattening oxen and sheep, particular directions are given for fattening poultry and other birds—a strong additional argument of the li'.tle importance they attached to the larger animals as articles of food." The Attbpted Assassination op Jan. 14, 1858.—The recent discussion on the doctrine of assassination of a foreign potentate} who was moreover, our warmest friend and magnanimous ally, has impressed every impartial mind that there is an innate abhorrence in every Englishman to that demoniacal crime* One very brilliant example of this which occurred, and in which also the ruler of France was to be the victim, may not inaptly be alleged at the pre sent moment. It is also gratifying, as reviving the memory of a great states man, and as honest a minister as the i country ever knew—Charles James Fox. In the month of February, 1806 a villain who called himself Guillet de Gevrilliere, waited upon Mr. Fox so communicate to him "what would give him satisfaction," to put to death the Emperor of France ! Nothing could exceed the virtuous indignation of Mr. Fox at this horrible proposal, and he instantly ordered him out of his presence and gave orders to an officer who ac companied the base wretch to send hirfi out of the kingdom as soon as possible ; but, reflecting upon the matter, he des patched a messenger to M Talleyrand to acquaint him of the circumstances, with this observation, "Our laws do not permit U3 to detain him long, but he shall not be sent away till after you shall have had full time to take pre cautions against his attempts, supposing hi oq still to entertain bad designs ; and when he goes I shall take care to have him landed at a seaport as remote as possible from France." This probably the Alien Act permitted to be done.— Notes and Queries. A Curious Story.—The Edinburgh correspondent of the Fi/eshire Ad' vertiser is responsible for the following story .—The scene is laid in a farm house not above a hundred miles from Pennicuik, and was enacted only a short time ago. A servant girl hired herself in the said farmhouse to do the dairy work, etc,, about the place, which she did for a short time, taking care, how ever, to leave open (on several occa* sionc) letters addressed to herself, iw which contiuued reference was made to an estate in the west of Scotland, ac" cocapanied with a castellated residence, and worth £5000 a year. The bait took and the son of the worthy farmer threw off his old love, said to be a fair dame in the kingdom, and was immediat ly on with the new ; 'I questions were asked on both -sides, and plausible answers returned. For example— "What caused you to become a dairy maid ?" "Oh, because I wished to be able to instruct the servants on my estate." That was deemed satisfactory enough, and our heroine was invited to the table in the dining room, where she enjoyed the good things of this lifp, laughing in her sdeeve at the nice trick she had played. Things progressed favourably. A match was proposed and mutually agreed upon- The gentleman ordered suits of clothing for several friends, and all went merry as a marriage bell. The cistles built in the air were j innumerable. The fine shooting was dilated upon, and arrangements made for a condescending visit to see the old folks at home during the season. The fair lady, when spoken to about the matter, referred to her agents in this city, and no suspicion arose. At length the banns were proclaimed, and the marriage all arranged for, but when the hour came there was a bridegroom, j but the bride had fled. Of course, it was though t that the lady had been de. tained by some unforseen accident, but as time went on there was no word of her entering even an appearance. In quiry was then made at the "agent's" , who said he certainly acted in that capacity, but it was to defend her in a case of p' tiy larceny and some other , misdeamcnours. j LIFEi My notions about life," says Pauthey, are much the same as they are about travelling—there is a good deal of amusement on the road ; but at er all, one wants to be at rest." A Batch of British Subjects.—Mr J A St John, in a new work on the » Education of the People, " collects a striking group of subjects owing alle o-iance to the British Crown " Behold a figure, black as ebony,emerge from a ma s ofsluntedbrushwood and approach the shore. He is all but nuked. His hair is frizzled, his forehead retreating, his nose flattened to his face, his eyes are round and meaningless, his hps ;hick and projecting. He ^ saunters alone in listlessness, bordering- upon complete apathy. Suddenly he sees something upon tVe beach,_ ana dl his latent vitality is p wakened m a moment. It is a dead wh .le. He screams with joy ; and having collected together a number of Us friends, rushes towards the prize, and climbing up the side oi the sweltering carcase, he seats himself, draws from his girdle a large knife, and prepares for a feast. Presently he is 'urroupded by heaps of green, ill-odou red and rancid fat, almost converted by the sun's vertical rays into oil, upon which he gotges to completion. Stupn fied and half drunk vhh animal fumes, he retreats to some ho':e in the rocks or *n the earth, to sleep. * * * Agam look fonder, where, upon a burning flat, a dusky human creature, naked as a th„ r, 0-v>ent he was born, creeps along lazily with a boomerang m Us^and^ Hebss 11 °^theTnorrow.° The ' soil j C-S his feet; the sun from above parches | and cracks his skin, and would strike j hirn dead, but for that mass of hair | wh:ch, matted with filth and peopled i thick with vermin, protects what little brains he has At length, as he strols along, he perceives among the stones some hmb of a sheep. Accustomed to carrion, he falls to at ouce, and never pauses until he has picked it to the bone. hat ails him now ? His whole frame quivers with agony, his eyeballs toll, foam cover his lips ; he falls upoa the earthy uttering the most fearfnl groans. The mutton has been poisoned. * * * You stand in a small opening in the midst of an interminable forest. Between the trunks of huge trees yon behold the grand pageant of day sinking slowly behind the horizon line, one flush of light fading after another, until the lasi: lingering ray disappears. The sky above you has become one vast black concave, studded whb points of fire. Observe that solitaiy man ; what is he doing there ? He is kindling a torch, which, when lighted, he sacks up right m the fat earth, The red, fitful light streaming through the glade, falls upon a hideous, colossal image of black stone. Moans and sobs are heard, aud the man, apparently directed by them, proceeds ® clump of busbeg, from bc®eath which he drags forth another human being tightly bound -with cords. His face is wild with fear ; he implores foj mercy in deep, guttural accents; his eyes are turned up in piteous supplica tion. But the other man heeds him not. On the contrary, he pulls him on to the foot of the image, he stretches him on a fiat stone, he draws forth a knife, and, uttering certain formulae to the black image, he plunges the knife into his throat. The victim struggles, aud would speak, but the rush .of the life blood stops his utterance. The other now stoops and laps the purple gore, before it has time to sink into the earth. " Slavery in- Brazil.—Iu Brazil everything is in favor of freedom ; and such are the facilities for the slave to emancipate himself, and, when emanci pated, if he posseses the proper qualifij Crttiori3 to ascend to higher eminences ^au. ^ose a mere ftee black, that '* fuit" willbe written against slavery in this empire before another half.cen tury rolls around. Some of the most intelligent men that I met with in Brazil —men educated at Pans and Coimbra —were of African descent, whose an. cestors were slaves. Thus, if a mau have freedom, money, and merit, no matter how black may be his skin, no place_ in society is refused him. It is surprising also to observe the ambition and the advancement of some of these men with Negro blood in their vein?. The National Library furnishes not only quiet rooms, large tables, and oJenty of book to the seekers after knowledge but pens and paper are supplied to such as desire these aids to their studies Some of the choicest students thus oe cupied are Mulattos. The largest and most successful printing' establishment m Rio—that of SirF. Paulo Brito-is owned and directed by a Mulatto, In the colleges, the medical, law. and theological schools, there is no distinc tion of color. It mus'r, however, be admitted that there is a certain though by no means strong prejudice existing all over the land in favor'of men of pure white descent. By the B.azilian laws a slave man can go before a magistrate, have his ;price fixed, and can purchase himself; and I was informed that a man of mental endowments, even if he had been a slave would be debarred from no official station, however high, unless it might be .that of Imperial Senator.— Kidder and Fletcher's Brazil and the Brazilians. Cool.Impudence.—The editor of a Western paper, U.S., owes a bank a bout 1,000 dollars, for which they hold his note. The defaulting wag annouces u thus.in his paper " There is laro-e and rare collection of the autographs *cf distinguihed individuals deposited f >r safe keeping in the cabinet of the farmers' and Merchants' Bank, each accompanied with a note in the hand writing of the autographist. We learn they have cost the bank a great deal of money. They have paid cve>- a thousand dollars for ours. We hope great care is taken to preserve these capital and interesting relics, as, should ihey be lost we doubt whether they would be pa«ily collected again. Should the bank, how., ever, be so unfortunate as to lose ours we 11 let them have another at half-price' m consequence of the very hard times.'' Brazilian Scandal.— The follow ing strange affair is recorded in the ln-t Rio Janeiro papers ■" ~" In a board .W ! school kept by a French, woman, was 1 ! girl of less than twelve'years of a^e named Correa, heiress to a fortuneVf 600,000f- An Italian adventurer named ^ Judice, who got;his living as a hawker resolved to marry the girl, and had recourse to,-this stratagem He went to the bishop, of Rio Janeiro, a oious but credulous man, and said that having been for some time living with a wonnn not his wife, he/ wished to regularise his position.by marrying her • and, as it was important, to- have the marriage performed at. once without publicity, he solicited^ license. The bishop granted the license, and, on the man's declara tion, put . in it the woman's name as Correa, The Italian then went to the boarding-school, and said that he was sent by the girl's mother .to take her ; home, as"she wished to indulge her with j a visit to the theatre. The achoolmis ; tress imprudently gave up the child to him, and be took her at once to the church mentioned in the licence, and had himself married to her, The next day he wrote to the girl's mother to inform her of the marriage. The poor mother, in. indignation, immediately communicat ed with , the police, and they at once took the girl from the man and gave her up to her mother. The Italian, end some persons who acted as witnesses of the m-u'riage, have been arrested. It i? considered strange that the priest, noL withstanding the license, should have celebrated the marriage, as the girl was dressed in a short frock aud trousers like a child. The affair has created an immense sensation a; Rio, but what the upshot of it will be remains tj be Horrible Accident.—;A.. painful accident occurred in the brickyard of Mr. W- D. Lowe, Dsrby, to a man abou' fifty years of age., named Thomas Hunt, whose occupation was to superintend a clay-c?u?hing machine. This machine consists of* several sets ot ivou rollers, through which the clay has to pass previous to its being put into the moulds, Hearing some hard substance between the roi'ars ma!ce a great noise, he incautiously put in his right hand to endeavour to removeit, as he had at times before done, when his finger-ends were drawn in, and but for an almost super-human effort on his part his whole arm must have followed. Knowing this, he applied his whole strength, and at once liberated himself by pulling with j such forca as to leave the first joints of; his forefingers in the machine. Some idea may be formed of the power of the machine and his exertions to rescue himself when we state that one of the tendons was drawn from the arm four teen inches long. Mr- Evans, surgeon, of Belper, was sent for, who at once directed him to be removed to the in firmary at Derby, where Mr. Gisbourne amputated all the fingers. He is a steady industrious man, and so attentive was he to his duty that as soon as he had liberated himself he went and stopped the engine. He is doing well.—Notting ham Journal. The Place Royal.of Algeibs.— A man need not be an artist to enjoy the scene living and moving 011 the Place Royale ; figures as varying and new to him as those of a Kaleidoscope are presented to his delighted ga2e whichever way he turns it* The pic ture is a perpetual feast to the eye ; men of ail countries meet here at all hours of the day, clad in every imagina* ble costume, from the garb of old Gaul to that of the Faubourg St Honore, from the bournous of the Sahara, to the cocked-hat and epaulets of martial France t Here may be seen grand Turks whose heads are surmounted by turbans as broad as their shoulders ; Muftis or Mabommedan judges buried m the endless folds of their white head gear, which from its evenness and pre cision, resembles a mighty cotton-ball wrought and wound ia Manchester ; the Algerine Jew in his purple and gold suit, with patent leather high-heeled shoes, white tickings to the knee, and an amb ir headed cane in his hand, of all coxcombs the greatest; princes of the land, with hewers of wood and drawers of water ; French ladies in the last full fashion of the Parisian season ; fair Mare-ques, enveloped in snowy at tire, who were it not for the beautiful eyes whose spaikle cannot be veiled, might be mistaken for ghosts passing to and (vo silently and mysteriously among the human crowd, but taking no part in its affairs. Amid this m tley group you seat yourself uader the shade of an orange tree, and a venerable Moor whose beard and benign countenance might aptly represent that of Father Abraham and whose garb is that of Dives' himself, places himself by your side, tucks up his legs, and in the en joyment of a pipe seeks to forget the hardships of his fallen race. The Arab of the desert and ths K^byle mountains are lying full length on the ground within a fev yards o? [v< u, and display a set of limbs worthy of Hercules him self. Suddenly a sound strikes on the ear which attracts their earnest atten tion ; the Arab and the Kabyle spring | to their legs, and the Moor lowering his pipe blows oat a last whiff in deference to the call; It is the cry of the Muez zin summoning the faithful to prayer ; j and if ever a Musselman is roused from his habitual it is to obey the law of his prophet—he washes in haste snp hurries to the mosque. Five times during the night and day the Muezzin mounts the minarets, and in a loud sonorous tone proclaims the hour of prayer. Men of strong lungs are selected for the office, and far and wide over the city is the sound heard, like that of a tenor Bell— . Swinging slow with solemn roar, Over some wide-watered shore. —Davies, Algeirs in 1857. Origin of Bull .fighting.—Large estates full ol wild cattle, were origin ally in Spain the primary cause of the custom of bulLfighting. The cause in tenfold magnitude, is still in aetivs operation in Mexico. There men have to learn, from their earliest years, how to manage wild cattle, and to avoid their dangerous attacks, j during ithe pro cess of catching and killing them. Their companions will Sock to witness their feats, and the ca!tie driver be comes torreto. How natural it [is in peopleto.he fond of witnessing feats of skill arid boldness iu an art so perfectly akin to their daily occupation .-- Travels in Mexico. Poe, the American Poet.—-In person, Edgar Allan Poe was slight, and hardly of the middle height]; his motions were quick and 'nervous, hia air v/a? abstracted, and his coun tenance ganeraliy serious and pale. He never laughed, and rarely smiled ; hut in conver sation he was vivacious, earnest ancijcespectrul and though he appeared generally under re;_ traint, as though guarding against a half sub dued passion, yet his manners wero engsgin?. and he never tailed to win the confidence and • kind feelings of those with whom he conversed for the first time ; and there were a few who knew him long and iniimately who could never believe that he was ever otherwise than the pleasant, intelligent, respectful, and earnest companion he appeared to them. Though he was at times so feckless and pro flig ite-in his canduct, and so indifferent to external proprieties, he was general scrapiu lonslv exact in everything he did. He dressed with extreme neatness and perfectly good taste, avoiding all ornaments and everything of a bizarre appearance. He -was painfully alive to all imperfections of art; and a false rhyme, an a nbignous ^sentence, or even a typographical error, threw him into an ecstac. of passion. It was this sensitiveness to all artistic imperfections, rather than any malig nity of feeling which made his criticisms so severe, and procured him a host of enemies among persons towards whom he never enter tained any personal ill will. He criticised his own productions with the same severity that he exercised towards the writings of others ; and all his poems though he sometimes repre. sented them as offsprings of a sudden inspir ation, were the work of elaborate study. His handwriting was always neat and singularly uniform ; arid his manuscripts were invariably on long slips of paper about four inches wide, I never folded, but'always made into a roll. Noihing he ever <!id k u the appearance of haste or slovenliness ; a:;d he preserved with religious care every scrap he had ever written, and every letter he hau received ; so that he left behind him the amplest materials for the comp sition of his literary life.—Foe's Life and Vforks." .''-"v';'' Ae-svkd olundejung or the Times.-t-Too "Times" lately published along btory, pro., fessing 10 be ixcrac.,ed- from an Acaeuca-n •paptr, relativeto the irrecoaoilleahle antipatfe supposed to e&isVon; the part of the natives'or Kiu-JooJiaa against the English, It is a her rible tale ol th0 murder of some English chil dren by ati Indiau gill, who placed a vene naous snake beneath their pillows. The ob ject of the '' Times" in publishing the story is transparent enough. Of course any Unnec essary crue.tv on the part of our troops is to be justified by the condemnation of the natives generally a? n set of a"r:.-ciou3 assassins ; and if it shiutd turn out that many of 'the horrors with, which, during the last few months, the " Times," backed up by Lord Sliaftsbury ha; regaled its readers, are pure inventions, why other fictions must supply thtir place. But the "Times" surely should have some acquaint tance with our current periodical literature, and not quote a9 of American origin that which many thousands of readers on this Bide : of the Atlantic, at once recognise. Ou the fallowing morning a correspondent informed tli'i " Times" that the article first appeared in c Household Words." The leading Journal accepted the correction ; and thus adds mis take upon mistake. It did not appear in "Household "Words," but in "Chamber's Journal, about four months since ; and pro bably the lively writer little thought to see his " Startling effects" accepted by the "Times" a3 evidence of the national character of the j Hindoos. Perhaps we shall see some of the warm discriptions and equivocal situations in which Captain Mayne Reid in the columns of the once decorous "Chambers," transferred to the " Times" as cvidecce that ravashings and so forth are common incidents ot American border life. It our contemporary will excuse j us for the suggestion, we would respectfully advise him not to publish in luture anything ! more improbable than a series of murders on • Georgian railways or a conference of Italian : delegates, without a little preliminary enquiry. | Able Editors," as Carlyle calls them, : really ought to read a little occasionally.— Weakly Dispatch. ! The Modern Tyrannicide. - The Rum I Buffers were an unaffiliated branch of one of ; thote terrific societies which cause such dread j in the court of the Tuileries, and pe»il the I alliance' between the two great kingdoms of the Eastern world. In the original society, of which the ablest Buffers had been distin guished members, and which had been known as the Humps—perhaps themselves offshoots from the United Buffaloes—the cliairmsn,' the Grand Hump, as that mystic officer was called, enjoyed a casting v te But when quarrels arose and the harmony of the Humps was broken up by extreme personalities, pointed into epigrams by tlie simultaneous launch Of pint-pots, the new republic, the Rum Buffers, sternly decided that their pre sident should reign but not govern, and that he should have neither veto or assenting power. Should the existence of this society be revealed to the ministers of despots, it is difficult to think that its existence will be compatible with the preservation of our foreign relations. At an exceedingly large and stout table sat Mr. Robert Spencer, with about twenty other Rum Buffers, whose thirst for tyrannicide was at that moment super seded by a thirst for spirits and water, and who though ordinarily breathing vengeance against despots, were just then only breathing tlie vapours of something called Screws. The conspirators were chiefly of the trading class* and they had obtained, by incessant practise, such a fiendish mastery over their countenances, that their diabolical expression was tamed clown into one of pretended neigh borlinese. vThey hypocritically laughed at small and apparently harmless joke3 (unless there were hidden meaning in the allusions), and but that one knew their dark designs against autocracy and the relentless and bloodthirsty measures whioh they were panting to execute it would not have been difficult to imagine them a knot .of worthy •"and not over wise fellows, who'liked to meet over mattes socially, and to have rule and method i'1 their fun, A watchful stranger might have remarked that the landord of the house whose assumed joviality was more ob servable tbm that of any of his guests, gene rally waited on them himself, and seemed ; very anxious that all should receive every i attention, and if one conld feel any sympathy for a man who made his house a den of assassins, it would be fi r a person so situated who, knowing the furious tmd ruffianly cha racter of tho association, was compelled t> pay such cringing care lest anything should occur to excite the tiger-nature to premature blood. The chairman who (like the murderer Eugene Aram) was a schoolmaster and affected to re gard the Buffers as his adult class meeting for evening instruction, complimen ed Mr. Spencer upon his reappearance at the board, at which, for financial reasons, our friend Robert had not been attendant of late. Mr. Spencer's excuses were graciously received, as was a proposition on his part to stand gl-.isses all round. "Buffer Spencer, your health," was speedily heard on all sides, sometimes coupled with facetious additions,as' 'and many of'em," or. ' 'I looks to-vords yer." More serious business then began, and the chairman •who was addressed ns the 1' Lord Rum," pro ceeded. to apprise the Rum Buffers that the subject for discussion that evening Was as follows:—"Whether the execution of King Charles the First had been beneficial to the country or not ?" He would call upon a Buffer, Brigatock to open this debate by amo tion in the affirmative. Buffer Spcncer begged to be allowed to interpolate a few preliminary words. (Cries of " Order.") Vh.ffer Spencer then said, that what he was about to suggest might be deemed irregular, but he thought that there were Crisises . The Lord Ruin —"Crises. The Buffer will not confound the word with the name Chases,priest of Apollo, whose prayers brought a pestilence on the Grecian host beforo Troy."—The Gordia,n Knot ; by Shirley Brooks. Frog Food'—In France frogs are consider ed a luxury as any " bon vivant" ordering a dish <jf them at the " Trois Pteres," at Paris, may, by the long price, speedily ascer tain. Not wishing to try such an axpen sive experiment in gastronomy, I went to the large market in the Faubou.g St Germain and inquired for frogs. I was referred to a stately looking dame at a fish-stall, who pro. duced a box nearly full of thern, huddling and crawling about, and occasionally croaking as though aware of the fate to which they were destined. The price fixed was two a penny, and having ordered a dish to be prepared, Dame de la Kalle dived her hand in among them, and having secured her victim by tlie hind legs, minus skin, still struggling, were placed on a dish ; and the head, with the legs affixed, retained life and motion, and per forming such motions that tha operation be came painful to look at. These legs were af terwards cooked at the restuarant?, being served up fried in bread crumbs, as larks are in England ; and most excellent eating they were, tasting more liks the delicate flesh of the rabbit, than anything else I c^n think of. I afterwards tried a dish of the common Eiu glish frog, but his flesh is not so white nor so tender as that of his French brother.— " Curiosities of Natural History. By Francis T. Buekland, M.&. Making Little of his Wife.—The Paris correspondent of the "Glasgow Herald" states that a Russian noble, now in Paris, wear3 his wife on his finger. His much loved "spouse having died lately, the grieving husband be sought a celebrated chemist to reduce her re mains to a concentrated essence, and a few days afterwavds was preseutid with a stone nbout half an inch in diameter, and of a o-reenish ttet, being the residual product ef his defunct lady ! Set in a ring, the count thus carries on his hand anever dying memory of hislo3t love in the shape of a precious stone. V witty lady remarks that the said count thua makes "precious little" of his wife. 