3*'*»* ^'^^pa<**& «rt,»-.%-» ATI .--Amid all ihé ekcstèmént con-, sequent upon the Port Cîuitisxushïit is" gratifying: to ; fiad that some, of «ur grounds have been yielding,'and are likely io yieM- for-«mieHime longerp something more substantial than we fear is likely to faU to the lot of many, if any, of the persons now rjushing off to a place about which: nobody seems to know anything with satisfactory certainty. The original prospectors in the A 1 netted over £500 after ex penses were paid, and the claims now working below the. old prospect hole are turning ont better prospects still. No. 4 soufh. have recently washed up their paddock, and divided £750 per share. This nice little dividend is, after au) only the first, instalment of their fortunes ; for they inform us that they reckon upon eighteen months' work yet.. No. 2-3 haye also been working with similar results, the ground throughout the claim proving very rich. WHITE ^FIÀT, COIIPJLSX.--This company's ground continúes to return a good dividend to the shareholders. There is evidently good faith in the value of the shares, as much as £70 has bee a paid this week for shares in the company. If restricted to the present area the company, have eight or nine good months' work yet before them, and we have heard something about a probable extension of the ground, so as to enable the company. to carry on operations for a much longer time. Aux» . BEERIE COMP ANT.-This sluicing, company have given up the ghost, after a short and somewhat in glorious life.. It is rumored, however, that the ground will be wjorked by ; another company, based on different principles. . MAGPIE RAKGES COMPANY.-This sluicing adventure has not yet got into full operation. The surveyor has been accused of faulty surveying, and there has been heavy threats of legal action cm both sides, the upshot of which remains to be seen. Everything ap pears to be now ready for commencing work, and the most sanguine expecta tions are indulged in by the company. We trust they may be realised. BLACK HILL FIAT COMPANY. This is a company working a portion of the Black Hill Flat somewhat after a similar fashion to that by which the White Flat Company are working their ground. Their operations have been preliminary merely as yet, but work has been regularly initiated at length and the company will soon know their fate. Some very good prospects have been obtained, but it nrrtlll/l Ka .»Ao»' JUVlM hll"P. JTfit fal JWrt nounce upon the general results. A meeting of shareholders was held last night at the North Grant, when ac- i counts were overhauled and some other ' routine business disposed of. We ! shall take au early opportunity of giving a more detailed report of the operations of the company. BATH'S CLAIM.-Mr Craig has in his possession several specimens of auriferous quartz, that have lately come out of this claim. The miners, unaware of there being any gold in the quartz they were sending up, were sending it away for the purpose of lay ing it on the streets, when Mr Craig's attention being attracted to it, he j picked out several specimens, some of which contain round snotty gold. I One of the specimens closely I resembles the quartz that is found at Gordon, while some of the others appear to be of a species of con ¡ glomerate quartz, with gold apparently waterworn, studded through them. Every day] thus furnishes additional j proof of the untold wealth that is lying in and could be obtained from our quartz reefs, if the Government would only bestir themselves, and pass a code of leasing regulations, which would give some security for the investment of capital, on a scale sufficient to re duce the cost of quartz crushing to a minimum. 