No. II. TOE RIGHT KEVCBEXD TlfB BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO Till: UF.V. T. BINNGV, 'ON TUB UNIQS Or PltOTESTAN'T BVANUEUCAL CMCMCIfEd.' ' r Blahnn'a Court. October*. 18S*. Dear Sir— I send you same thoughts which have occurred to me on a subject which has often occupied my mind, but more eapeaaUy aince I had the pleasure of forming your aqua intauee. Such aa they are, and expressed in the words vetty nearly which came tint came to kaad, I lay them before mh«kc hope that they wffl ant widen, if they *- w* trust not «pb4biaBy, aujrfcrewer. iHinln. irimrniiirii YaanfitUMfflr, s AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Kev. T. Btamey. . !?«.— I lam Adelaide to-morrow aondaw«B » fire weeks* ton, aad few that I than out hare « opportsmiiy of Httfatf ymteewcB. ? Bishop'* Coot, September 23, 186s. 1\. Her. Sir— Daraar owwmW taterooarse yesterday at tbe house oT a common Mead you were pleased to take ?ottee of *tcanrkwUeh feH IMne to tttis eaTwt that we in this colony had -the adramtageof occupying 'an historic stand potat,' so to apeak, from wWeh wo might look back upon oar past nodal, political, and Church Bfe fa England, and, re moved from the moke mo4 noise ofthe-reat Mother-cHy. 1 meanness, ot tfaJUataad vise, in itoJutbtts and Institattoiis. The survey woold aotbe unprofitable if it shooM leadw to perceive how-we bad been Minded by its attractions, so as to heoomeiuHMiMdoasofitsfiiults; mud so hurried away bjr its feduuH aad — «— t— 1~.« as to be insensible of the oonven tioiua bondage in which we then lived and moved. 2\. It must; I think, he admitted that thectaiealmiad is peoulUriy swayed by party prinsiples and sectarian pre ja- Uoe*- Withdrawn very much from practical into contem plative life, and valuing abstract troth as the basis of an moral obtiration «nd excellence, clergymen are too apt to exaggerate the Importance of certain truths which tbejr canscWtiouMy lioVd, and to treat as euential principles of the doctrine of Christ matters of inferential or traditional authority. I do not suppose that Nonconformist ministers are exempt from this tailing, though it may be fostered in tin KstaWishmeat at home by the alliance of Church and State. 3\. lie thin, however, ss it may, both clergymen aud ministers may look bask with torn; degree of regret that a mid-wall of partition shook! so have separated kindred souls ; pledgQ.1 to ihe same cause, rejoicing; in the same hsne, aud devoted to the same doty of preaching Christ and Him crucified to a dark and ikuen world. By tlie very diseimfo. rt, however, of thus ' standing apart' we are thrust rudely bask upon tbe principle* in which we have been brought up. and are constrained to put the question to oar conscieaees, 'Are you as sure of your arrowl as true to your convictions ? Are your views so authoritatively scriptural as to put you exclu sively iu the right?' And U, after careful review and earnest prayer, we still feel unable to quit ths 'old paths,' yet does not this very enquiry dispose us to place * mire liberal construction on thi conduct of others, and to Map :at their uqnaHy stiff adherencetotheirC3as':!entura8C9uvietioas? A candid mind will not (ail to use that much is to be urged on the other sideof the question ; and if with our present lights we had lived iu the time of our fathers, we should not perhaps have been disposed to break up the fellowship of the In formed Evangelical Catholic Church for non-essential points, or narrow its communion on matters of Christian expediency rather than Christian obligation. 4\. I hava thrown these remarks together by way of pr.rfaee Iu order to shew the ooune of thought into which au Epis copate of 10 years in this colony has gradually lei me. You yourself have given a fresh impetus to such reflections. Your fume as-a preacher ha-l preceded you. 1 knew that you wouM b-- welcomed by all who in your ova immediateseotlon of ths Kvaugelkai Church take au interest in religion, and by all in our own who are admirers of genius and piety, ev«n though the echoes of your King's Weigbhouse sermon had not quite died away. Hundreds I knew would ask themselves, 'Why should I notgoau-l listen to the powerful preaching of Mr Uinney ? ' And when they had heard you reason of righteous ness, temperance, aud judgment to come ; of Christ, who He was and what He did, how He died for our slur an I rose again for our justification, I felt assured that they would ask again, 'Why isheuot invited to preach tousln our churches ? What is the barrier which prevents him and other ministers from joining with our clergy at the Lord's table, and inter changing the ministry of the Word in their respective pul pits ? Was it any real difference witii respact to the person, office, and work of the Redeemer, the power of the Spirit ot God, or tU? lost candition of man without Christ and the Comforter?' 5\. I am truly glai that sa considerable a parson as yourself shorn-i by your presence in th'S colony have forced me to c in sider again the question, ' Why I oould not invite you to preach to our congregations ;' to review my position, prin ciples, beliefs, aud prepossessions; more especially as the absence of sectarian prejudice on your part, and the pre sence of all tliat in social life can conciliate esteem gndadmir ation, reduced the question to its simple ecclesiastical dimensions. 6\. Again and again the thought recurred to me. Tails cam sis utliiim uoHer taa! Still I felt that neither the power of your intellect, nor vigor of your reasoning, nor mighty elo quence, nor purity of life, nor suavity of manners, nor sound ness in tiie faith, would justify me in departing from the rule of the Church of England ; a tradition of is centuries which declares your orders irregular, your mission the offspring of division, and your Church system — I will not say schism — but dickottasi/.* 7\. But while adhering to this conclusion, I am free to con fess that my feslings kick against my judgment ?, aud t am compelled to ask myself is tliis ' standing apart' to continue for ever ? U division to piss from functional disease into the structural type of Church organization ? Are the Lutheran and Reforme I the Presbytenau aud CongregationalUt, the Uaptist and Wesleyan bodies, to continue separate from the Episcopal communion so loug as the world endureth ? Is there no possibility of accommodation, no hope of sympathy, no vearniug for union ? Will no one even aslc the question ? None make the first move? Must, we be content with that poor substitute for apostolic fellowship in the Gospel, ' Let us agree to diller ;' oraa evangelical alliance which, transient and incomplete, betrays a sense of want withuut satisfying the craving? or are we reduced to the aid conclusion that as there can be no psace witU Rome so loug as she obscures the truth in Jesus, and lords it over God's nerita^e, so there are no common terms on which .the Evangelical Protestant Churches can agree after eliminating errors an'l evils against ivhich each has felt itself constrained to protest ? Arc not Churchmen, for example, at this day, just as ready aa you, ileverend Sir, can be, to condemn the treatment of Baxter, Bunyan, aud DMbe, by a. High Church Government ? Aud do not Independents aud l'resbytemus readily allow that a Leighton or Keu relieve Episcopacy from the odtain brought upou it by the severities of a Laud or Sharp? a. It appears to me in this colony w-' are placed in a pecu liarly favorable position for considering our Church n lation-!, because one great rock of offence has been taken out of ths can approach tli? inttterd in dispute simply as quest Vjns of evangelical truth and Christian expciiency. Neither social, nor civil, nor ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to distract our view or irritate our feelings. There is no Chun-Ii-rate conflict here! I hive accordingly seize! the opportu : ty of iayiug liefure you a few thau^hts on the passifrility of an outward fellowshipas well as inward union of the Evangelical Churches, witii the hope that they may suggest enquiry if they lead to no immediate practical result*. 9\. The questions I would propass for consideration are — First. Whether an outward union, supposing no essential truth of the Gospel to be coinoromised, is desirable amongst the Protesoant KvangeUcal Churches? SeMU'lly. What are the principles aud conditions on which such unions should be effected ? I submit my ideas to. you with great diffidence, but from the desire to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to consider how we might possibly serve at one an4 the same altar, walk by the *nne role, and preach from the same pulpits the words of this salvation. 10\. Witii regard to the first print, I conceive, outward union to be desirable, because it appears to me to be scrip rural and apostolic. That all the cougregationg of the Uni versal Church were subject under Christ to the twelve Apostles, and tiiat the decree directed by the Holy Ghost, but framed by Jamefi with Simon Peter, Paul, and Barnabas, and assented 'to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep, is recorded iu the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible bodv by St. Panics evident when hefcids the Corinthians give offence to neither .lews nor Gentiles, nor theCliurcU of Gad : and what ever be the A^-irc under which the H--ly Spirit characterizes the body of true believers in Christ, unify or organized life is the substratum of the idea; be it vine or olive-tree, family of household, city or kingdom, the body or spouse of Christ, the thought ie still the same. What, then, should we think of a family, whose several members inhabiting the same house kept each to his own dumber, aud though continually jostling on the common stairs, rarely exchanged a friendly salute aad never a visit. Is this family life? And is it true Church life to say I am of Peter, and I of Paul, and I of Luther, aud I of Knox, and I of Wesley , and I of Whitfleld and I of the Fathers? Are we not carnal, arid sueak as men? In the apostolic age there must have been out ward union ol the Churches, so far at leastas the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacramunt, the profession of a common creed, and preaching in common the Word of Life ! The spirit of Diotrephea we may hope was rare. 11\. If the odium theologicum be indeed the worst type of that disease, it might be: expected that a real union of the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the Gospel might arrest tli2 progress of that malady, it is the effect of party feeling, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalry and contention. Thus Christian sympathy, which is meant for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or a sect On tlie other hand : 12\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place the Gospel of Christ before Jew and Gentile ; before llrah.uin aud Mahoinrnedan ? No subtle Puudit would than point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some and uncertainty in all. No Itoa3uet could enumerate, and perliaps exaggerate, the variations ot Protestant*, aud. unmindful of the like in his own commu nion, claim for the Church of Borne the symbol of Unity as the mark of its beiuij the Trua Church. But now insteal of fighting the Lord's battle as one great army, our resistance to the Powers of Kvil is like the death-struggle of Iuker mann ; a series of hand-to-hand combats, broken regiments fighting iu detached parties, never receding indeed, but iu cipabie of combined effort or mutual suppurt 13\. It miv. however, be urged, on the other side, that the divisions of the Christian - :hurch are helps to its vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stagnancy and corruption ; that rivalry promotes exer tion, and exertion results in expansion. Yo.t has not the Bible .Society attained its present strength by acting on the opposite principle ? Is ft uot because all IVotestauts can unite iu furthering its object, truly catholic aud because catholic, triumpliant? 14\. The union I contemplate is uot a yoke of subjection— an iron rule Buppresslve of individal or sectional thought, aspi ration, energy, and action; far otherwise. If the great Apostle of the (Gentiles would provoke his brethren after the Mesh to jealousy in order to nave some— if he stirred up the Churches of Macedonia by the forwardness of Achaia, an-1 reciprocally urged the Acluuan Churches to be ready with their contribu tions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concerning them —certainly a loving zeal striving for the mastery is not tobecist out as unmeet f.ir the Christian cjmniouweiltli. Unity is compatible with variety, and variety is pregnant of competition. God has created but one vertebrate type of aniinnl organism* ; but how inu-.iitely diversified are tho. specific forms! I know no reason why. In our reformed branch of the Catholic Church; there might not be particular congregations of the Wesleyan rule, or some other method of internal discipline, or i:»aw, or form of worship, even as thu Society of Ignatius Loyola, or Dominic or Francis exists in the bosom of the Roman obedience. The seamless coat of the Redeemer was woven from the top throughout. The ltoinan soldiers s»id ' Let us uot kuI it!' Why should chronic disunion be the symbol of Evangelical Christianity ? I cannot call alliance union : nay. it is fouude I ou stereotyped separations. I pass to tile 'second question : — 2\. What are the principles ami conditions ou which a union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected? 15\. It nuwt be evident, I should suppose, after an expe rienss of 300 years, that neither the Episcopalian, nor Presby - lerian, nor C m 'i-epitioiulist cj.n reasonably hop,, to force upon the Christian world his own particular system. I* either one or the other entitled by the Word of God to exclude from salvation thosi believers who do not follow the same ruleof Church government? If, however, submission may not be demanded on the ground of IU necessity to salvation, then any negotiation for outward union may and must pro ceed on grounds of what is best ami wisest, most likely to unite, as being most in accordance with Scripture and apos tolic tradition? We must lay aside hard words— schism. Church autliuritr, sectarianism. In the comity of nations -lr fivin Governments are recogniiwd and treated with ; the question whether they are dejnre, is left in abeyance. So must it be with respect to any union of the Churches. They must meet together like brethren who have been long estranged, yet retaining the strong affection of early youth ; resolve to forget the subject of their dispute, and walk together in the house of God as friends. It will be unnecessary to ask ' Which man did sin— this man or his parents ?' ' or to say' 'Thou want altogether boru ia sin, and dost thou teach us?' or, ' We forbade him. because he followeth not us.' No; we must meet in the spirit of godly fear, of mutual respect, with the earnest desire by all right concession to promote God's truth, and advance Christ's kingdom. We must receive one another, but not to doubtful disputations. 18\. A second principle is, ' Whereto we have attained,' or shall attain ; tliat same rule must be publicly acknowledged, in that rule we inuat walk and by it steadfastly abide. I firmly believe with Mr. Maurice, in his ' Kingdom of Christ,' that the Church at the ap.-wtolle age embraced every principle for which in later times each section of the Christian worUltan felt it necessary to contend, eren to separation from the main body of the brethren. But the Church of the apos tolic age, tlie true visible model Church, does more. It har mouizra theiu all ; giving to each its -lue place, its real pro portion. Each portion of the truth, obscured, distorted, or denied in the mediaeval Church, each detail of the outward building of God, has been jealously rescued from corruption «r decay by suets or individuals. It remains, perhaps, for this or the coming generation to restore the original fabric, and take away whatever is inappropriate, unsightly, or inconve ts ilium nin«teS5u- JSL ^^ ^^ _^ W. tetMiawtto state, as aeemtafeM I «??.»** ?aeaatofte-ftoiaadUar Mea, tfcfc ^cfcamelrihiic friateinie, «f ttchaeetkmer mtCSut^mdmidk ?— ThaCfcanh «T TT m !?!? i iiIimHi tur external sator. Wl^mtm^^^M m^m 4a^aaw jbbU^^^^k ,^^*^afl -^aa ? .aBtlAa^li^ aWt- ^^ata* W^aJilBM ?MatOaroeCfamliflaKafflL TnKLuH»taBfccJmatiieatiQ« tqrftttfc,Mteceaeal *» *?* imajnulive *f VRfe TheBrfomed Oarnnistic Chsnxh aq*a|ds the tree an* sovereingraeeof God. Tbe la«&caa; witnesses for a ?criptcrat creed, apostolic ordtnanlaaettkdBtercy. The rresb»tola» aBsula the atfhotigr at the Ftasbytery. ?aderiyed hwiwtimii Hum the Hofrtifcost. The rMfHinHiwalliil ebriaas oalaaltad light at private jndgw^t.«art^eiarfeneao«rtaattotity^eathaiogreg» tta^uapoC^ChiB^oWfUowacaeadMn. The Weatoyan preaches ?pfaftwd awakeafac, teuftte «m version, and social reUgiou exercises. The Baptist ooateads for personal nfigiout experieaoe pre TioMtoadamissioatotheCtareh. EvenreneortiKMprbHinlea is MMaatiair/, thngh not exehuhrdy. tnte. When their natnatcelathMU are fonotten, ea-^ becomes exaggerated; tbe beauty of proportloa b lost, anda faulty extreme is made the ShttiwlAof schism. Is there no analytical process possible, ao law of ampity, by which the sniriteal mind eouU precipitate the error, and leave pore and limped the Gospel stream? or remove from the mu*«ae gold rfflie Temple the -trww with which it is altered -- WoSki there apt «CtU nmln » seripfral trnth, a godly discipline, a settled order, a common attar, a suited ministrr, a. risible anwa as well as fellowship hi the Spirit? Might there not stiU be variety hi unity, partial direrattyof usage, and a regulated latitude of divine worship? The Episcopalian, the Presbyterian, and CongrrigsHoiiilfst might consent to harmonize what they cannot exclusively enforce ; they might surety 'is amh ulaitiliiig be men,' and exer cise the great privilege of spiritual men— that is, combine freedom with snbnussioa to tow, and general order with specific distinction*. 18\. But it is time to draw these eeneral remarks to a dose, and define with somewhat more of precisian that Church of the future which is to conciliate all affections aad unite all diversities. I scarcely know whleh to admire most, the plaa santnesB of thedresm, or the fond imagination of the dreamer. SMIL let me speik. though it be 'as a fool.' My object Is not to dictate proceedings, but to suggest considera tion ; to provoke enquiry, but not force conekuions. And since concession In matters not absolutely essen tial to salvation or positively enjoined must be the basis of the system adopted by the various Evangelical Churches, it maybe fairly put to me in the language of the proverb— '? Physician heal thyself.' I win begin, then, with tie Church of Unhand, and will state what it appears to mecau be given up for the sake of union. 1. A State nominated Episcopate. 2\. Compulsory uniformity of Divine worship. Already the former has given place in Canada and New Zealand to an Episcopate freely elected by theChureh iteelf. The Utter it appears, even in England, is oahramuired from the clergy in parish charches, but not when preaching in the fields, or streets and lanes of the city. In addition, then, to the separation of Church and State in this colony, and the absence of the legal machinery connected with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the modes of worship seeing attainable ; and an Episcopate, moderate in its pretensions as well as constitutional in its proceedings, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyters ; above all, chosen by tlie free suffrages of the united clergy aad laity. I believe the doctrinal articles of the Church of F-nglund and many others amonzthe Thirty- Nine are allowed on all sides to be scriptural 1 conceive, then, tiiat a settled form of sound words, a deposit of objective faith, would not be -leamed a yoke of bondage, but a guide to truth. I conceive, also, in order that all might worship with the understanding as well as ths spirit, that certain liturgical offices, such for instance as tbe Litany, might form part of the stated service*, but not to the erclusion of extempore prayer in connection with the sermon at the discretion of the preacher. So also in tlie administration of the Sacraments and conferring Holy Orders, a portion of the office might be fixed and invariabte,and a portion left to ministering p astors. These points being settle*, the trial, nomination, institution, or designation of pastors, the dissolution of their connection with their flock or removal, their mode of payment, the Inter nal discipline of the congregation over their members and officers, are details which may well be left for after regula tion ; if indeed there in really much or any injurious difference at present existing iu these matters. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection must be largely shed abroad before such a system as here spoken of can possibly be inaugurated. Even if thought feasible for the future, how can it be made to take retrospective effect? How can we, who are de Jacto ministers, and think ourselves to be -fc jure so, besides being pledged to our respective systems, throw ourselves out of the one to enter upon the other? L«tus search the Scriptures for guidance. Thabalovei disciple was Instructed to write by the Holy Spirit to the seven angels of the seven Chnrches of Asia, and Titus was left by St Paul in Crete to ordain elders in every city as he had appointed him. But besides these later exertions of apostolic authority, we find Barnabas and Saul separated by the Holy Ghost to a special mission through tlie laying on of hands and prayers of the prophets and teachers of the Church at Antioch, Simeon Niger, Lucius Gyrene, and Manarn. Assuming the existing ministers of the several denomina tions to be recognised as dt jure by their congregations, and fl i- facto as such by the Anglican Church, might not thu Bishops of the latter, supposing the before-mentioned terms of union were agreed upon to take effect prospeetively, give the'right hand of fellowship to them, tiiat they should go to their own flocks, and mission also as preachers to the Angli can Congregations, when invited by the pastors of the several Chnrches? If the licence of the Bishop can authorize even lay readers and preachers, how much more men like yourself, separated to the work of God, eloquent and mighty in the Scriptures ! Indeed, I do not feel sure that I should have violated any ecclesiastical law in force in this diooese or pro vince, by inviting you to g- ve a ward ot exhortation to each of our congregations.* In this way, then, of mission without compromise, but on declared assent to certain fixed principles and truths, existing Ministers might co-operate with us in the preaching of the Gospel, aud under the benign influence of this brotherly love a Reformed Catholic Church might grow up, and, like the rod of Aaron, swallow up our sectarian differences. 20\. 1 have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, which has been suggested (like conditional baptism where irregularity in the administration may be suspected), because it savours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agree able to Christian simplicity and due reverence for God's ordi nances. Neither hive I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Wesleyan superintendents and Presby terian Hoderatom, or those who, like yourself, seem sealed alike by nature and tbe Spirit to be special overseers in the Church of God. Slissious, as preachers to our congregations, without imposing the obligations incident to the incumbents and curates of Churches, but not until full evidence had been given before licence of soundness in tie faith, would seem to meet the exigencies of the case so far as regards tbe present generation of ministers who have received Presbyterian orders. Having attained to this step, perhaps God would reveal to ug a more excellent way. Old systems have, in fact, been found wanting. Which of the Churches now existing is so perfest, no scriptural, so apostolic, as to insure instant acqui escence from tbe enquirer to the exclusion and condemnation of all others. If there be none, will all the learning and -!lOQuenee and traditional authority devoted to the support of each, persuade the present or future generations to substitute another for that in which they have Deen brought up? A few may, perhaps, be convinced or converted, but the masses never. A fresh combination must therefore be Bought; traditional prejudices must be set aside; cherished associa tions Ui-l upon the altar of love, to rise, like angel messengers, iu the flame of Hacrinee, to purer and loftier spirituality! Oft, for that millenial reign of peace when a Chalmers or a Cum mingyS, Kinneyora Watson, might serve at one altar and iriead from one pulpit with the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England - It is the cause of God and Christ, of truth and holiness, of righteousness and peace, of faith and duty, of grace and salvation, of man delivered and Satan bound, of God alone exalted oh that day, and reigning on Mount Sion gloriously. Then might the fulness of the Gen tiles come in, then Israel be restored, then Babylon over thrown, and that regenerated state of this fatten world be made manifest for which Jehovah reserved the last great diB pbty of His providential love— the union in the God-Maa of the Manhood with Himself. I remaia, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. Bishop's Court, September 23, 1858. 