ARCHBISHOP HUGHES.-NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH AT SING SING. A . Correspondent of the Freeman'j Journal furnishes the following- details of the ceremonies of lnying the foundation of the new Catholic Church at Sing Sing, (U.S.) on the 27th De cember last. At an early hour the avenues leading to the site of the new building were crowded, and ?s the boats from New York arrived, many visitors from the city made their appearance. The spirited Catholics of Verplanck's chartered a steamboat which conveyed a large number to Sins Sins. When the Holy Sacrifice of the j Mass had been offered up at half-past 10, the ] ceremony of laying the corner stone was perfor med by the most Rev. Archbishop Hughes. After laying the corner stone, the Archbishop ascended the platform and delivered a discourse of which the following is a very imperfect and disjointed outline. ' The kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed which man took nnd sowed in his field, which is indeed the least of all seeds ; but when it is grown up it is greater than any herb, and becometh a tree, so that the fowls of the air come and dwell in the branches ahereof.' — St. Matthew. 13/ A chapter. 'I he Church of .God on earth v/as represented by that grain of mustard seed. In its origin it was small — composed of a few men chosen by Almighty God. They were not distinguished by pomp, position, or learning, but men whose hearts were occupied with the teachings of their Divine Master; and went forth as one to build up His Church, establish His laws in the hearts of men, and guide their souls to eternal bliss. That divine principle of unity, which is of the Church, made their mission secure, and their suc cess certain, ana its innuenceiorcea tne siuooorn hearts of a Pagan world to bow in earnest adora tion and penitence before the bumble representa tives of Jesus Christ. True, sometimes branches become detached from this tree of life, the Church of God ; but, having lost their natural support, lost also their natural life. The branch detached from the tree no longer derives sustenance from the trunk and roots, and losing its natural support, can no longer exist. So with the Church of Christ; men have sometimes become too proud to receive, and too self-willed to acknowledge, her divine teachings, and preferred their own or their neigh bours' ideas of eternity. Alas for him whose hopes of future happiness are depending upon the opinions of any man, whose opinions are as liable to change and as certain to err, as they are productive of irreligion and indifferentism. To day the proud one refuses to receive the laws of the Church ; to-morrow he offers his own opinions ; the next day he changes or modifies them to his neighbour's, and again doubts both and becomes indifferent to all. The youth who sees such conduct in his parent is indifferent to these accommodating notions, which are mere conveniences, affording pleas for every whim and caprice ; or, if he notices them, it is by their generating in him a spirit of extravagance and wild passions, which will brook neither opposition nor control, but by their de moralization and pain sometimes lead him to reflect on the cause. To such a spirit of pride, self- will, and disunion, may he traced the exis tence of such loathsome abominations as Mor monism, which now stalk through some parts of the land. .Christianity alone, as promulgated by the Church of God, can maintain that influence and exercise that power which preserves the balance of justice in human society. By it the civil law is dispensed, the we-ik and helpless shielded from the rude hand of violence, and the wicked, immoral, licentious, and impious pre vented from leveling society to their own degrade*! and abominable state ' The civil' law could have little effect without its aid. The pomp of power and brute force might, fur a time', influence men ; but it is Christianity alone which establishes the nower of control ami maintains it Why, in civil affairs, when a man is .charged in a court of the civil law with a crime, of which he may be innocent, has an oath from one whose character is just the power to free him? .Because he who has taken the oath is believed to recognise it in the laws which guide him to his eternal salvation, and the violation of which would shatter the hopes of his eternity hereafter. When an officer of SUte is elected, why is an oath administered to him ? Because an oath is a sacred Christian pledge which establishes a connection between a man and his God, and, re cognizing the laws of divine authority, give men a confidence in him, which nothing save Chris tianity could so establish. Yet there are many who will or wish not to undersand the source of all this Christian influence — men who lay claim to character for liberal ideas, and who (viewing the thousand and one sects' contend for superiority and distinction, content themselves with the easy, good-natured conclusion that when the combatants shall have decided which is best, they will adopt its principles. But to the thinking, inquiring, or intelligent mind, no such shuffling uncertainty need be resorted to. The Church of God has ever stood in all places distinguished and distinguishable. She has ever borne the characteristic marks which are hers arid hers only— one, holy, Catholic, and apostolic. Whilst the numberless sects, which have had their origin in the numberless ideas of the ignorant or skeptical, have sprung into existence like the impure vapour arising off stagnant water, and passed from the earth, leaving here and there a dark shadow, Catholicism has, like the mustard seed, grown into a large tree — spread its branches and extended its roots around the hearts of millions of men. Whilst men have exhibited in their nature a portion of the spirit of Lucifer, and haughty pride has prompted them to reject the laws of God and His Church, and they have even at tempted to overthrow the Church itself, still the faith is as pure, the disciples as numerous, and the Church as firm as ever. Whilst the Church has been 'scorned by the infidel, condemned by the skeptic, suspected by the immoral, and regarded with united dislike by all, still the approbation of the Father, the love of the Son, and the spirit of the Holy Ghost has' been with her, and when most scorned, most doubted, most hated, and most distrusted, she has had the most devout children and most eloquent tongues to proclaim the holy truths of her heavenly Founder — And if these facts are not as clear as the beams of that beautiful sun (pointing to the heavenly lumi nary), then go forth and knock at the tomb stones of the dead, and the monuments of de parted worth, and go over the tide of centuries — aye, back to the apostles themselves — examine every record, every authority, and every date of the Church's history, and then you will be most clearly convinced, most indisputably satisfied, that the Church of Christ on earth — the Church of the one fold and one Shepherd — the same in principle and in practice — is the holy Catholic Church, founded by Christ and his apostles— the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. It is this unity, this faith and devotion to the Church, which prompted you to raise on this place an altar to Almighty God — the same earnest desire to promote His will that has ever been evinced by the reverence, devotion, and love of the children of the Church of Jesus Christ. Your zeal and piety must be a source of satis faction even to those who widely differ from you in religion, inasmuch as the education your Church will afford, and the sacred truths it' will dispense to yourselves, will exercise a Christian influence on those around. The discourse was listened to throughout with riveted attention by all. ' ' ' ' : : The church, when, finished, will be dedicated to St. Augustine. 