LORD CANNING'S, PROCLAMATION JUSTIFIED. (Itmet) ' If the great question between' con. vacation" and "clemency" has ""not been decided within the walls of I'uiliatiiciiit, it has, at any rate, been set at rest by the correspondence between Lord Canning and Sir James Outram, which we published in our -impression of Saturday. On no me point of the controversy are we any longer in the dark. Lord Canning, the statesman actually inculpated,- explains his own I Proclamation with a minuteness leaving i nothing to be desired ; and Sir James Outram, tins Chief Commissioner of Oude, the very others v W whose authority has been up called to against the Governor-General's policy, state all that can be stated on behalf of the Taluokdars. Never was closed slide of a subject more complete and the public has now the means of forming its own' opinion, On the 8th <t of March Sir James J Outram, having received a copy of Lord Canning's Proclamation, communicates to the Governor-General his views respecting it ; and, as these views contain tin expression of that Indian opinion which has been cited as adverse to Lord Canning, we beg particular attention to their purport and scope. Be it observed, then first of all, that not one syllable is, said by Sir James about ((sat prupcpdltig from, which so much argument has been .recently)derived, the original annexation of Queens stations now appear to have M¡much(M,(;ep,cred,i||to the mind J of, either the Governor-Qeneral,.,^,,. the Chief Comtñitf¡oner that pear v^ixltotialj title could be regarded'8a"^|mpÍéaeaBbIe, 'so that any flaw in our rights could in. invalidate central authority, | Sir James Outram; remarks, and -Lord Canning admits,; that the insurrection of Oude wears different complexion from that in other provinces, but that it is not because we were other thing is awful 800 rcignSjOr'tliat the olleguince'dftfurfiincl holders was due to other lords. The palliating circumstances are' affright .-wmplyJiubeiioveUy of.our.rule, and in the rigour with which our officers may have interpreted "the' rights of Government against the prescriptive ' claims of the Talookdars-; '"On thE spot, therefore, and in the well weighed correspondence passing between the two authorities principally interested' in" the settlement of the dispute, there is not a word to be found about that particular assump- tion on which the invectives against "confiscation" were directly based. What we were doing ive bad, as sovereigns, an undoubted right to do. Our title to supremacy was unquestionable and unquestioned. The Talookdars were discontented, but their discontent was directed, not against our rule, but against a particular feature of our local administration. This feature involves the celebrated point of a confiscation," and before the subject is finally dropped we may as well place it plainly before our readers ' once, and for all '' When we stepped into the exercise of sovereign power in Oude, we, proceeded, of necessity, to, the investigation and settlement of the land tenures of the province. We say of " necessity" because, in point of fact, as all land in India belongs ultimately to the Government, it is from" this source that the chief portion of the public revenue is derived. In - Oude, .. we found that a large extent of territory a certain species of landed gentry called Talookdars had acquired rights intermediate between those of the Crown, and those of the cultivator. These are the rights alluded to in Lord Canning's Proclamation and Lord Elleubi'róugli's-Despatch. They are the ' rights which the Governor General in general terms "confiscated" and which Sir James Outrant"thinks should have been viewed with greater indulgence. With these rights, the British 'officers who' conducted., the settlement operations proceeded to deal soui'jvvliiit rigorously, cut filling in many cases the pretensions of the Talookdars, and thus creating proportionate dis- affection; After the rebellion broke; out the dispossessed chiefs reclaimed tim lands and authority of which they had been deprived, and repudiated the recent settlement altogether Wlicii, therefore, our authority was restored by the capture of Lucknow the policy to be adopted'' towards V these'' insurgent Talookdars: became a subject' often- siderable importance.: -Lord Canning himselfifrccly acknowledges that their rebellion,- uu<ferr>the eiicumManees.wus nut equivalent to treason, and he with- held ; the ordinary pains, of treason accordingly.- But what was to endure about their claims to the luud---clainiB not only debatable- in character, but which 'did been actually 1-irjecttíd'" by formal tribunals-by tribunals which may have acted inex])ediently, but which certainly had not acted with intentional injustice, if they had acted with injustice at all ,?; Here comes the real" cost Vacation question, and we can now see; it argued out, between ; the two; officers most competent of all living7niej|;-to discuss so high a point of policing," Sir James Outram thinks that the Talookdars should have been confirmed in their pretensions to a greater extent than Lord Canning eohtc'hípl.ited^but why? From motives of. policy almost exclusively. ".' He has indeed, record his opinion that they were treated ''most unjustly" under the settlement operations, but) Charmain argument is based upon, the 'ni au i feat expediency of bringing these men to our secretly concilia- tion, rather than following up our. vic \--tory-by-a-ilcsultory-protractedj^-Tiiid ' 'costly'i-oñflict." ' His case ishöt'KOmuch that the Talookdars,ure entitled to consideration says that they. will.-cerlajiily fight to the last if they do not obtain it, and that their resistance will cost us infinite trouble. This is "the argument for the Talookdars. There, is not a doubt expressed about our being right- ful lords Of Once, but he conducted our arrangements so rigorously that the landholders were offended, and would now be our best policy to make friends with them again in such a measure there would not be the smallest difficulty The idea of the flaw in ourt¡ticlor of the injustices of the original annexation, whatever impression it may have made on politicians at home; never enters the minds of the -Talookdars themselves. All they want is the enjoy- ment of their estates on their own terms. 1" If," says Sir James" Oiitram,C«?t'Sese men be given back their, lands they will at once aid us in restoring order, and a police will soon be organised, with their co-operation, which will render unnecessary the presence of our- enormous army, to re-establish tranquillity and confidence." The whole question, it will be "seen i.s^oiiai^fur iiiore(io£"e»pe diency i hall' of justice. JIf justices to "be considered',"' wb'sLall soon see what cáífbc~sâî'd~ôfl" tire-otlrer^IdîTTïsr is the point of expediency,: indeed by any means- absolutely established. Lord Canning in his reply, after three weeks' 'deliberation,"to.Sir James Out Pain's. communication remarks, '/? that if immediately on the capture of Lucknow, and before the strength of Government had been seen or felt Jiitlie country di; Friends of Oude, free and unreserved concession were made of all the claims of theTiilookdar.-1,1 he measure might indeed conciliate their support forttie~tinuv but would certainly not lay the basis of per indigent pacification. it would show that rcjelliohagaiiiit the British Govern-, meat could not be a losing game,'' and that insurrection, even when, it came off worst in the field, would be rewarded by success afterwards. Besides that the concessions would be at and he had to tear, 1 the mere practical result could, hear-but he fatally influential upon Asiatic minds, Here were men who had not only food in arms against us for mouths, butt who had violently, repossessed themselves of lands to which your authorities in time of peace had declared theinW|iienlitlèuV If these men, though. Lights on the field of battle 'nnd'brqi>sl\t;tiiU1er7ói't}r.''iia3fer by act J;,(I conquest, were iióvcrHicjosg to be invested in the instant,, and, union nationally, with every privilege for which they contended, was it likely that our authority would be viewed, with any res- pect for the future j>:: Even in roj*br<l to expediency .|tl»ere',ó»eii' r^jfiiffid}*0 sides of the question, and now ; observe what Lord, Canning says iur,reapept of justice;- .viiiiiiiiß IM -per "findings that the lands and vi)lag^itaf[||!£lj$ram is? alookdar« list) (or the ghost part, bt^i.9ttirped;b:y(hero^hrdligHfraud or violence The reader should bear in mind tfjat.this'argiiment is employed not to justify an accomplished fact, but to support a certain contemplated', policy against objections previously, advanced: Lord Canning hears all, that Sir James 'Outram has to say 'about confiscation and answers him at length, and while every possible attention to his suggestions. He does not deny tha'-in'tii¿ settlement operations our officers may sometimes have come to unjust decisions í but what does he say on this point of What are the views propounded by the man whose policy for the last fortnight has been stigmatized as iniquitous and , tyrannical J Here they are: The: Governor-General desires me to observe ; that if this were unreservedly the case', for if the proceedings of the Commiss growers by which many of the Tulookdars yjteredeprived of portions of their post occasions had been generally unjust, he would gladly have concurred in your o recommendation, and would have been ready at the risk of any misrepresentation of the motives of the Government J t*T*instate the T.ilookdars at once in their old possessions. But it is not see Stevens a passage alone would suffice to characterise Lord Canning's policy in the famous r Proclamation of Lucknow. That policy is now cleared before the face" of the world. We do not think many persons, would deny that the Governor-General in his debate with the Chief Commissioner has the best of the , argument, but that is not the main point a for remark. The great fact is, that this "Proclamation, so loudly denounced for its sweeping by lorry, was not based upon last of territory or pride of power, but deliberately founded, after anxious di-' Cussion, upon views of expediency, policy, i' and justice combined. , 