CLERGY DAUGHTER'S SCHOOL. On Wednesday, 16thSeptemb=>r, the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the CWA Daughter's School, took place at Waverley, a village about five miles from Sydney. The site chosen, granted for its use by the Government, lies on high ground, commanding a fine view of the waters of the Pacific on the one side, and wide expanse of hilly country and moorland on the other. The situation is airy and salubrious, and seems well adapted for the object for which it is designed, sufficiently retired without being too much out of the way and moreover, in the vicinity of the residence of the Bishop of Sydney who have always manifested the warmest interest in this most excellent institution. The number of those present, a large proportion of whom were ladies, amounted, probably, to between 300 and 400 persons, amongst whom were the representatives of of many of our leading colonial families. Several members of both of the Houses of Legislature, the Bishop and Mrs. Par ker, Sir Daniel and Lady Cooper, the Dean of Sydney, Messrs. Deas Thomson, Faithful, Hodgson, Raymond, O'Brien, Venour, Blacket, and the Reverend Messrs. Allwood, Clarke, Moreton, Agnew, Synge, Stephen, Steele, Hassall, and many others. The proceedings were commenced in prayer by the Rev. R. Allwood. After w 'hie, a bottle, containing a calendar of the current year, and an inscription denoting the object of the building was then laid by the Bishop in the cave V formed for' its reception in the corner or four rooms stone, which the Bishop (with the assistance of a. son Pearce) then proceeded to cover with mortar in t e usual manner. The stone was then lowered into its pace, when, with, the accustomed formalities, the Bishop s 'ald as follows: - " I lay this foundation stone of a school, to be called St. Catherine's, intended for the educa of the" daughters of the clergy of the united Church of. Bb8 land and Ireland administering in Australia A "J, , name of the Father, and of the Son, and of t« T Holy Ghost. Amen." Further prayers were then r ear "T the Bishop, similar to those offered up at the care ""100 " of laying the foundation stone of the Church of St John the Evangelist, at Darlinghurst, in Desemb. V,. 1856\. The Bishop of Sydney said that, before the company separated, he was desirous of saying a few words as to the reason why it had devolved upon him to take so prominent a part in the proceedings on the occasion. It had not been by his choice, for he would have preferred, as doubtless would many others present, that the principal position in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of this building should have been filled by his Excellency the Governor General and the more so as his Excellency was the patron of the institution, in whose behalf he had so often exerted himself, and towards the funds of which he had so liberally contributed. A painful circumstance, of the particulars of which, he doubted not, they were all aware, had, however, prevented this. An affliction which had caused deep sorrow in a happy and united family, had deprived them of the pleasure of seeing his Excellency there that day, and it was of - course needless for li int' there to remark how sincerely they all sympathised in the bereavement which had occurred. The very circumstance of the death to which he thus alluded naturally led him to revert to the importance of early training the young laying in their minds a good foundation for the knowledge and love of God. Such v, as the object of the institution the material foundation of which they that day laid. The ClergyDaughteis' School was intended to be the means of training and suitably educating the daughters of the clergy; so that the young persons therein taught might eventually adorn and benefit the station in which they had been placed by Providence, and, at the same time, be instructed' to look beyond the present world, to the life which is to come. His Lordship then proceeded to point out the difficulty experienced generally in this colony in obtaining suitable scholastic instruction for the young in which (although of late years much alteration for the better had taken place there was still great room for improvement. In regard to the education of young ladies in particular, there were difficulties and inconveniences, which those parents who heard him, would readily acknowledge and it was in some measure to obviate these that the Clergy Daughters' School was founded. He then proceeded to point out the reasons why the institution was of necessity one of an exclusive character and devoted to one specific object showing that the clergy in this colony could not, ex- , sent by means of such an institution, effectually pro- ' vide for the education of their daughters. It any of the clergy had large families and were > nevertheless possessed of but limited incomes, and branch, an institution alone could they ever hope to ÎSSA^'M'^^ **.?««>« in which they StàS&rit;*1** Louis not unlike, to be a Son Ä?, n1***-1*6' as a edueaSon of one I Serefore^"%«tír 'am' "55 the "?. invitation was. ! D«t^fL»eTeryJre,P!et'd«i,ab'«. The school had cuJtr has ? "stated without any pecuniary dim " FZS town season there had been every 2 nrKk0uU,?°'*2WfOT»n*- The number of young I at as- if devoted WM. 2 Present, fourteen-about Xmas "V's house at present occupied oould cove Si. K7TOnt*,n- The want of increased accommoda noT »?"?iWylelt, and encouraged by promises support, it had been determined to build a school- house on this spot-the site having been liberally Parted for the purpose by the Government. The house, is? planned, would accommodate forty boarders, and cost about £8000, of which sum about one third had been already collected. He regretted that the weather was of such an unfavourable character as to prevent them from seeing to any advantage the b a bow of the locality; they would easily observe, however, that it was a site which combined all the sanitary (conditions which were indispensible. The Bishop then finally expressed an earnest desire that the blessing of God might rest upon the institution, and that it might become a seminary in which the daughters of the clergy might always be so religiously trained and instructed as to make them indeed the handmaids of the Lord, a blessing to their ,! respective families, and to the community at large. 