POLICE COURT. THURSDAY. Before W. A. Brown, Esq., P.M. George Haslewood charged with being drunk and disorderly, was fined 10s. and in default 24 hours' imprisonment. FRIDAY. Before W. A. Brown, Esq., P. M., R. B. Sheridan and G. Raff, Esqs. William Short, George Ballard and Stephen Hill, (a blackfellow) were charged with stealing a quantity of timber, the property of John Richard- son & Co. from Shafston. Mr. Rawlins prosecuted. Mr. Roberts appeared for Ballard. Mr Rawlins having opened the case called Mar- tin Marooney, who, on being sworn deposed as fol- lows: I am in Messrs Richardson's employ. I am a watchman at Shafston Saw Mills. I know the three prisoners. I remember the evening of the 20th January. I saw the three prisoners then at the Saw Mills. I saw Hill (the blackfellow) at sundown. He came and asked me if I would help him to pack up his goods. I gave him no answer. About 8 o'clock I saw Ballard and Short. That was after I saw Hill. They were in a boat at the wharf ; they got out of the boat. Ballard came to me and asked me would I go to pack his goods at his house. I said I would not leave the saw mills. His house is about two or three hundred yards from the mills. After that Hill came to me. Ballard and Hill were talking together about a quarter of an hour. Short and Ballard live on the premises. Hill does not. Hill came into the mill and sat down. He asked me I would take an oath. He afterwards told me had some timber there. I asked him if it was in the mill. He took the lamp out of my hand and went down into the hole and looked at it. It was half a perch below the boiler. The timber was hidden by slabs. He said he would take it away and I asked him why he did not take it by day. He said he would take it now. Hill went in and threw it out. Short carried it down to the boat. Ballard came afterwards and asked Hill how they were getting on. Hill said all right. The timber was out of the hole then. I had a light, a lamp for watching with. They made me hold the light. When they had loaded the boat I took the light to the engine house. Short followed me up, seized me by the throat and took the light from me. I went down to the boat and saw Hill and Short with the lamp fixing the timber. I then ran and told Mr. Brown who stops at the saw mills. Coras-examined by Mr. Roberts : I dont know where Ballard had come from, he came in a boat down the river from Kangaroo Point I knew that Ballard had left the mill and was moving his goods I did not see Ballard touch the timber or assist in any way. I did not see any ghosts that night. By the Bench: I did not see Ballard from 8 till 10\. It was about 9 o'clock when they began to move the timber. I do not know where Ballard was between those times. I did not see Ballard after he asked if it was all right. The timber was put into the same boat that Ballard came in. The boat is Cocks'. I do not know whether Bal- lard removed his furniture. I did not see any- thing in the boat but timber. William Brown : I am in the employ of Richard- son & Co. as a clerk. I recollect the night of Wednesday last. In consequence of information I saw the Constable at Kangaroo Point and in- formed him of what I had been informed. I pro- ceeded in a boat I hired from Byrnes the ferry- man down the river with the constable towards Shafston Saw Mills. In going down the river I noticed a boat run up into the mangroves; I pulled alongside. I was hailed before I got alongside by- a person in the boat who at the time I did not know by ????? but afterwards ascertained to be the prisoner Short. When he hailed me he sung ?????????? : after hailing him again I asked what ?????? was and he replied Mr Coxs. I asked what he had on board and he said he had ???????? him where the boat and timber. ???? came from: He said "from down the river some- where I suppose." I told the constable to do his duty and he took Short into custody. I made the boat fast with timber in it and we went down to the mill with the man Short. I examined the premises and found that no timber over which I had charge or supposed I had charge had been taken away. I asked the watchman where the timber had been taken from, that he saw in the boat, and he showed me and there was some tim- ber there remaining." After I had examined the trench where the timber was I went to Ballard's house. I saw him standing at the door and said to him what's the meaning of all this. It would then be about 10 o'clock or half-past. He said I don't know only I have been roused out of bed. I have not examined the timber that was found in Cox's boat. I had not given authority to any of the prisoners to remove timber from the Shafston Saw Mills. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts. Ballard was removing some goods the day previous in Cocks' boat. He was leaving the premises. I did not know the timber was there. By the Bench: I have charge of all the timber. The only timber I knew of when I went was some slabs belonging to Burrow, which was removed. The timber was in a trench under the boiler, and slabbed up so that no one had any idea of its being there. The trench had been formed for convey- ing a pipe from the river to feed the boiler. Ballard was just putting on his coat. Davis, the constable was there, and had Short in charge when I got up to the house. It was there I put the question to him. It was sufficiently light for me to see that it was sawn timber. The timber left in the trench was sawn hardwood and cedar. We do not brand the timber. The value of the tim- ber found in the boat is £7 7-. I have been about four months at Shafton. I have only mis- sed one piece of timber, cypress pine. We keep an account of what timber is cut by the saws every day. We could not tell if any were missed with- out going through the stock, which would take a couple of days. It is possible that other persons might take small quantities of timber from time to time without my missing it. John Maroney: l am in Messrs. Richardson & Co's employ. I reside at Kangaroo Point. I recollect the morning of Wednesday I was called up between half-past 12 and one on Thursday morning. I got up. I went to the sawmills with my father. Before I got there I stop- ped on the bank of the river near the Shafston estate at this side of the mills, on the Kan- garoo Point side. Hill came up to me whilst I was standing there. He said 'Is that you Johnny?' I said "Yes." He asked me where was I going. I said towards the saw mills. He said whatever brought you out here. I said I carne to accompany my father, he was lone- some. He said he (Hill) was doing a bit of busi- ness at the saw mills that night. He said he was taking some timber which belonged to Mr. Kent at the time he was there. It was none of Mr. Somerset's timber they were taking. He then said, "Did you see George Ballard." I said "No." He then went away. I saw him after- wards about a quarter of an hour. He then said "Johnny I want to speak to you." I asked him what he wanted. He said "I'll go and get £4 for your in less than five minutes if you'll go and get the old man to say nothing about it." I told him "No I knew nothing at all about the trans- action." Whilst we were in conversation, I heard a boat coming. He said "Is this Mr. Brown. Surely he has been to tell Mr. Brown about it" I told him I did not know. He mentioned no names. I told him I did not know anything about it. He said 'I expect the constable is there to. I said I did not know. He then went away saying "for God's sake don't get me into it." Charles Davis" I am a police constable in the Brisbane constabulary. I recollect the night of Wednesday last. I remember Mr. Brown and Martin Maroney coming to me. I went with Mr. Brown in a boat down the river. In going down the river I saw a large boat belonging to Mr. Cox, loaded with timber. It lay between 500 and 600 yards on the Kangaroo Point side of the saw mill, close in to the bank of the river, under the mangroves. We went to it, went on board, and saw the prisoner Short on board. I apprehended him for stealing timber, and gave him the usual caution. He said "there's honor among thieves. I suppose I shall have to stay in gaol till next April: I suppose old Marooney told you about it the old I went with the prisoner then to Ballard's house. He called Ballard up himself and asked him for a pair of braces. When Ballard got up I apprehended him also, and gave him the usual caution. He said nothing but appeared agitated. (Witness produced a list of timber he found in the boar marked and numbered.) The timber appeared to have been cut sometime. I did not got to the Saw Mills. Ballard was in bed; when he opened the door he was undressed. Daniel Rowntree Somerset: I am a member of the firm of Messrs Richardson and Co. I am the resident member of the firm in Brisbane. I know the prisoners. Hill was in my service on Wednesday last. Ballard and Short were dis- charged about a week before. None of them had authority on the night of Wednesday last to re- move timber from the Shafston Saw Mills. I am part proprietor of the mills. By the Bench . Mr. Brown was the only other person who had authority to allow timber to be removed. The timber appeared to have been cut sometime. Mr. Roberts in defence of Ballard said the Bench would agree with him that there was no evidence to convict Ballard. The only circum- stance that at all implicated him was the taking of the boat. He could easily prove by the owner of the boat that Ballard borrowed it to go there for his own goods and that he was to return with it in the morning. He then called. William Cocks: I am the owner of the other saw mills at Kangaroo Point. I know Ballard I lent him a boat on Wednesday morning last. It is the boat the police have in charge. He asked for the boat to remove his goods as he had left Mr. Somerset's employment. I saw him remove one load of his goods in the boat. He returned in the evening about 6 o'clock and asked whether I would be using the boat next day and if not, whether I would lend it to him. I told him he could have it. He said shall I leave it here, but I told him he had better take it as it would save him the trouble of coming in the morning. Short was in the boat with him when be asked me if he could take it, and told him to take it in the morning. Short had been working the boat with Ballard that day. The Bench were of opinion there was not a suf- ficient case against Ballard he was therefore discharged. Short on being asked whether he had any state- ment to make, said I have nothing to say. Hill replied, 'I say not guilty, Sir." The prisoners were committed for trial at the next Brisbane Criminal Sessions. The Magistrate intimated they would allow bail if the prisoners could obtain it, each of them in £40, and two sureties in £20 each. The witnesses then entered inte recognizances. Thomas Grenier sought sureties of the peace from Peter Brand a German, for violently and maliciously threatening him with a scrubbing axe. The defendant denied it, saying that his master was "too good along with me." Mr. Appel at- tended to interpret but the defendant who spoke a grotesque mixture of German, English, and Aboriginal was determined maintain his perfect acquaintance with the English tongue, and thre fore declined to allow Mr. Appel to interpret to him. Mr. Rawlins who supported Mr Grenier's application stated the circumstances to the Bench, and assured them his client felt alarmed when the defendant (who stood about 6 feet 7 inches high) flourished the axe about his head and jibbered like an Ojibbeway Indian. Thomas Grenier stated on oath : The defendant is in my service. I found fault with him about his work on Monday morning last. He jumped up with his hands over me and began to talk very violently; I could not say what he said. He went away and I called and said where are you going, and he said he was going to light his pipe, he did so, and about a quarter of an hour alterwards I told bim to dig a hole ; he went and got an axe and jumped with it over his head in a threatening way. I am in fear of my life. He was not work- ing with the axe. I was about a couple of yards from him and be sprung right at me. Ordered to find sureties of the peace, himself in £10 and two sureties in £5 euch. The de- fendant was only able to find one surety who was willing to become bound for £10. Accepted. The defendant's English did not serve him through the trial and he was compelled to avail himself of Mr, Appel's services. 