CAPTAIN MARTINDALE ON THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. The following is a copy of the lecture on the Electric Telegraph, delivered by Captain Martindale, on Tuesday evening last, in the hall of the School of Arts :— On the 26th January, the seventeenth Anniversary of this the first of the Australian colonies, the lines of Electric Telegraph between Sydney, the South Head, and Liverpool, were opened to the public for the trans- mission of messages, and this colony for the first time enjoyed the power of instantaneous communication over a distance of 30 miles. This event appeared to present a favourable opportunity for circulating among those interested in the subject some information con- cerning the principles and system of working of the telegraph. The evening of the 26th was however, to most an engaged evening ; on the following this society held its annual meeting, and the present is the first evening that other duties have permitted my endeavour- ing to carry the idea into execution. We are probably ignorant of the period when man first became acquainted with the existence of electricity ; for I do not doubt that the ancients enjoyed a know- ledge of many sciences of which no record has come down to us. But at any rate, we learn that about 600 years B.C., Thales of Miletus found that amber, when subjected to friction, possessed the power of attracting small particles of matter. Theophrastus, some 300 years later noticed that tourmaline possessed a similar power ; and later still, Pliny and Eustathius refer to the shock of the torpedo. After this, for nearly 1200 years we find no mention made of electricity, when a Dr. Gilbert, in a work entitled de Magnete, enumerates glass, sulphur, sealing wax; and other substances as possessing the power of attraction. Otto Gueriche, appears to have been the inventor of the first electrical machine, which consisted of a globe of sulphur, the hand being used as a cushion or rubber. Mr, Grey, in, 1720, accidentally discovered the princi- pie that some substances, as the metals, were greatly superior to others, as glass, resin, &c.;, as conductors of electricity. Mr. Boze, of Wittemburg, about the middle of the 18th century, by adding metal conductors supported by means of silk cords and linen strings to the glass globes of his electrical machines, succeeded in collecting the electricity as is now effected by means of metal points. The discovery of the Leyden jar, in 1740, opened a new field for scientific discovery. In 1752, Franklin succeeded, by means of a kite, in drawing electricity from the clouds, and in receiving a slight shock ; and he afterwards charged by this means a Leyden jar. From this period to the present, but especially since the year 1790, fresh discoveries, including those of Galvani, have been constantly made in the science of electricity, and from the diligent attention now paid to the subject, additional knowledge of a practical character is daily being acquired. To Professor Oersted, of Copenhagen, the world is indebted for the discovery of the deflection of a magnetic needle when voltaic current passes over it, which ultimately led to the electric telegraph. (Ersted having ascertained that the electric current acts on a magnetic needle transversely in every position in which it can be placed, so that the needle is deflected to the right when the conducting wire is in contact with one polo of a battery, and to the left when the current is reversed ; the invention of the galvanometer to measure the power of the electric fluid suggested the application of the needle to telegraphic purposes ; signals having been previously made by means of pith balls which were made to deflect by electricity. Since then more than 300 patents have been taken out for improvements to telegraphing, but nearly all depend upon the principles of electromagnetism for their action. In the rapid general sketch I have just laid before you, terms and expressions have been made use of which require explanation, and which it is one object of the present lecture to endeavour to afford. In so doing, I cannot pretend to place before those acquainted with the subject any new discoveries or startling matter ; such will easily recognise the sources from whence I have derived my information, but will, I trust, not be the less pleased to think over again their old studies. To those whose other duties have not permitted their attention to be turned to the subject, any expla- nation cannot, I think, fail to be interesting. And first, as regards electricity itself, though, now fabricated and used with such comparative facility, yet tho scientific world are not agreed as to its physical character, some maintaining that it is an almost in- finitely light and subtle fluid, others that it is a pheno- menon analogous to sound. But it is not necessary that we should be enabled to decide such questions as those in order to comprehend the principles and working of the electric telegraph. It is sufficient to know that whatever we may consider electricity to be, it is present around and amidst us in a latent state in almost un- limited quantities, and that it can be disengaged and rendered active in any desired, quantity and of any required intensity by various means, as by friction (to which we have already alluded), the chemical, action of bodies one upon another, or the action of magnetic bodies on each other, or on bodies susceptible of mag- netism. Among these means, that which has been so far most used for telegraphic purposes is the galvanic or voltaic battery. If in a vessel containing acidulated water any two metals be immersed without touching each other, one of which is more oxidable than the other, and two pieces of wire be soldered to their upper edges and brought into contact, a current or stream of electricity will pass along the wires, running from the less to the more oxidable plate, and the intensity of the current will be so much the greater as the susceptibility of oxidation of one metal exceeds that of the other : the production of the current depending upon the chemical action of the solution on the more oxidable material. Thus, for instance, if two strips of copper and zine be thus immersed, the zine will decompose the water in con- tact with it, the hydrogen escaping in bubbles at the surface of the water, and the oxygen combining with the zine and producing oxide of zine, which again combin- ing with the acid held in solution in the water forms a soluble salt, dissolved in the water as rapidly as it is produced. The inoxidable element need not be a metal, it is sufficient that it be a good conductor of electricity. The current of electricity will cease to flow tho instant that the contact between the wires connecting the metal is broken, and so instantaneous is this effect that the current has been transmitted and suspended 14,000 times in one second : a rapidity almost beyond the power of thought to conceive. This facility of instantaneous suspension and trans- mission is one of the principles upon which telegraphing depends, and is practically independent of the length of the wire, which affects only the intensity of the current or the effects it is capable of producing, which diminish with the distance over which it travels. Another principle of great importance is the con- ducting power of the earth. If, instead of connecting the metals immersed as above by the wires, the wires be continued downwards and connected with masses of metal or other good con- ductors buried in the earth, the current of electricity will be established as before, whether the wires are 10 foot, 10 miles, or 100 miles in length. Simple as these three great principles may at first-sight appear, they are, to quote Lardner, most marvellous. That artificial lightning should be manufactured in the cellars of a house behind the Bank in London ; should be supplied to order at a fixed price in any quantity required, and of any quality ; should be carried by conductors to all parts of Europe ; should, by means of certain small instruments placed in the cellars of the same building, he made to deliver instantaneously messages to places thousands of miles away, at the bidding of any lady or gentleman at any hour they may choose, is sufficiently wonderful ;—but that when the electric fluid has told its tale it should be passed to the earth, and find its own way back to the cellars at Lothbury, excites our highest admiration. Happily we need not now look so far as the mother country for an example of these wonders. Our lines at Liver- pool and the South Head are thus connected with the earth, and the lightning that carries the message from Sydney to either place, flies back through the earth to the room under the stairs of the Exchange having delivered its tale upon the way. With equal facility would the current fly from this to Newcastle, to Bathurst, or to Melbourne ; and with equal certainty hereafter, as we may hope, from this to India, and to England. It is not necessary, nor indeed would the time admit, that I should enter this evening into a description of the various combinations that have been and are used to produce the electric fluid in the quantity and of the quality necessary for telegraphic purposes ; it will be sufficient to say a few words in explanation of those we are using this evening. It must be remembered that each combination of two metals forms a pair or an element, and thus a battery is said to consist of so many pairs or elements, the current flowing from one cell to another, and increasing in a certain definite proportion with the number of cells, and issuing from the positive and returning by the nega- tive pole. From this it will be easily understood that, to vary the intensity of the electric current, it would be merely necessary to attach the wire to any intermediate instead of the end plates. The first battery is one that has been kindly lent me by Captain Ward, R.E., was designed by him for military purposes. It. is composed of six pairs of zine and platinum plates, in gutts perebs cells, and packs as you see in a very small space. The acids used are nitrie and sulphuric acid, and the battery is a very powerful one. The second is Chester's improved battery, which we use here for the purpose of working our telegraphs. It consists of glass cells filled with diluted sulphuric acid in each of which are immersed a plate of zinc previously dipped in a bath of quicksilver, and standing in a cup of quicksilver and a plate of platinum, the two being con- nected, together with a brass clamp screw. Twenty-five cells are found sufficient for the main battery for the entire line from the South Head to Liverpool, each sta- tion being provided in addition with a local battery of five cells for the working of the instrument. At the suggestion of Captain Ward I propose to take an early opportunity of testing with him the economy and efficiency of his batteries as compared with the Chester cells. Before leaving this portion of the subject, I may, how- ever, mention that, perhaps the most powerful arrange- ment known is the Grove battery, which consists of an arrangement of two liquids, sulphuric and nitric acid, and two metals, zine and platinum ; but the nitrous acid gas evoked forms a serious objection to the use of this combination. Smee's battery is perhaps the one in most general use ; the conducting plate is made of silver-foil platinized, which is placed in the centre of a wooden frame, the two zine plates being tightly held on each side of the plati- nized silver by means of a clamp screw, which admits of the cells being readily taken to pieces for cleaning. Daniel's battery is chiefly remarkable for the con- stancy with which its action is maintained, and is much used upon the continent. We have thus seen that various means exist for ob- taining the power necessary for the transmission of messages ; the next step necessary is to transmit it without waste any desired distance. When Mr. Grey, as we have said, in the year 1729, discovered that some substances, are better conductors or carriers of electricity, he had but a faint idea of what vast practical use that discovery would be. The conductor universally used to carry the electri- city from one place to another is wire, iron, or copper, generally the latter, and about 1-6th of an inch in diame- ter, which is the gauge adopted in this colony. It is very commonly galvanised by being passed through a bath of liquid zinc, the object being to protect the iron from corrosion. The wire forms an excellent road for the electricity to travel along, bu it is necessary to support it at intervals, and necessary also that the supports should be as nearly as possible non-conductors of electricity, in order to avoid either, its total escape, or at least its waste ; the electricity making its escape to the earth Great, and on the whole, very successful efforts have been made to insulate the wire on non-conducting substances, the most common arrangement being to carry it on supports of earthen or stoneware, or glass attached by various means to wooden posts. In this country, where at present only one wire is used, the stoneware insulators are supported on insula- ting pins of hard wood, let into the tops of the poles, and secured by a mixture composed of rosin, shellac, and venice turpentine, the wire being commonly bound to the insulator with No. 16 binding wire ; and very per. feet insulation appears to be maintained. In England and upon the Continent, where on some lines as many as thirteen wires, are suspended from the posts, the insulation is effected as shown, on the drawings before you ; but in damp weather much annoy- ance is frequently experienced by the electricity passing from one wire to another. The line in this colony is built in the simplest possi- ble way, after the American fashion, the apparatus for tightening the wires being at present unnecessary, and therefore dispensed with. It is intended, however to take a precaution un- necessary in England, but very requisite here, viz., to saturate the posts with a solution of silicate of soda, with the object of rendering them fireproof. That was tried by Mr. Abel, the chemist, upon some huts at Chatham, and has since, I believe, been successfully resorted to by Mr. McGowan, of Victoria. As great inconvenience, and occasionally serious danger, might arise from the passage of atmospheric electricity along the wires, various expedients have been used to avert that evil—a very ingenious one being the interposition of so fine a line between the line wire and the operator that it is fused by a current of danger- ous intensity, and the communication thus cut off. Different means are used in different countries to divert the current from the main line, in order to pass it through the telegraphic offices—a simple one being the introduction of shackles, the office wire being attached below one shackle, and carried to the instru- ment another wire connected with the opposite side of the instrument, being carried back to the main line above the shackle. Another, and entirely different method of insulating the wire, to prevent waste of the electric current, and without which submarine telegraphing would have been found impossible, is to wrap the wire in a non conducting sub- stance, and to carry it under ground in iron pipes or wooden troughs. Such a wire, covered with gutta percha, and wrapped in lead, was forwarded for my inspection from Melbourne ; but I found on enquiry that the expense of such a line would greatly exceed that of one carried upon posts, as at present ; and recant circumstances have entirely decided against the suitability of gutta, porcha for the purpose of insulation in hot climats. In addi- tion to this, even with testing posts at short intervals, and the aid of the galvanometer, the difficulty of effecting repairs is much increased by using underground wires. This principle, however, of insulation, was made use of in carrying the line along Castlereagh-street, where it became a matter of convenience to let it rest against a metal lamp-post at the Prince of Wales Theatre, from which, however, it was perfectly insulated by gutta percha I was a little amused with the energy of some good friend to the cause, who, seeing the line resting against the post, and not seeing the gutta percha, I presume, rushed, to the daily press to call attention to the supposed oversight. The electricity having been generated, and conveyed along any given distance as shown, we now come to the different expedients that have been made use of to govern the current, so as to convoy by its means intelligible signals to distant places ; all of which, however, depend upon the power, to which attention has already been called, of instantaneously-transmitting and suspending the electric current at pleasure. Connecting this power with Oersted's discovery of the deflection of the magnetic needle, by an electric current passing over it, we at once see how a needle might be made to pass from a state of rest, first in one direction, and then by reversing the connection of the wire with the battery in the other direction, and to return to a state of rest by the sus- pension of the currant. Mechanical expedients, known by the name of com- mutators, enable the current to be thus transmitted, suspended, or reversed with great ease and rapidity, and thus movements to the right or left are imparted to a magnetic needle, placed as the hand of a block upon a dial-plate, which have all the force of writing to those who understand the movements. By the simple but very ingenious arrangement also of coiling a wire insulated by being wrapped round with some non-conducting substance around a needle placed in rear of a dial plate, a very feeble current only is required to produce the necessary movement, the needle in rear being united with a parallel needle in front of the dial, whoso movements can thus be easily seen. Such are the principles that regulate the single and double telegraphs, principally used in England : a sketch of the double needle instrument you will here see. In order, however, to render plainer the manner in which currents are transmitted and suspended by the aid of commutators, I have had the accompanying diagram enlarged from Lardner. Let BTE be a disc of insulating material, having inserted around its edge pieces of metal, as BTTD, which we shall call contact pieces, their object being in fact to unite or break the contact with the wires that are attached to them by clamps. behind the disc. Let A A' be two metallic hands attached to an arm on the centre of the disc, and moving like those of a clock, but at the will of the operator, and let A" be another hand turning on its centre at E. Let P be con- nected with the positive pole of the battery, N with the negative, E with the earth, U with the up line of wire (say from South Head to Sydney), D with the down line (say from Sydney to Liverpool), B with a bell or alarm. Then if A' be turned upon U and A upon B, it is evi- dent that the alarm at Sydney will be rung by a current from the South Head. If from the alarm a wire be connected with D, the current will pass on through the alarm to D, and along the down line from Sydney to Liverpool. If an operator desires to transmit a current on the up line only, he places the hand A" on N, A on P the positive pole, and A on U ; the negative pole being in connection with the earth through A" at E, the current will obviously flow through P by A, and A to U, thence along the up line to the station, and by the earth circuit to N. If it is desired to transmit a current on the down line A" and A will be as before and A' upon D. If to transmit a current along the entire line, let A' be turned on , U, and. A upon N, 2 similar hands behind the disc being turned open P and D. The current will then be along the down line and by the earth current to the up station, and along the up line to the negative pole. If to reverse the current ; it is plainly sufficient to reverse the connection with the poles of the battery. Thus if A' be on U, A on P, and A" on N, the course will be P to U by the earth to E and N : but if A" be turned on P, and A on N, the course will be from P by E the earth at up station and down the up line to N. As all the alarms ring whenever any station desires to send a message, each agent, as soon as the alarm rings, transfers the connection from the alarm to the telegraphic instrument. For this purpose he removes A from B to T., and con- nects by the hands at the back of the disc T with D. If he finds the request is not addressed to himself but to a station beyond him, by turning the hands A' and A on U and D, he allows it free passage. If he finds the message is addressed to himself he connects the instrument with the earth and receives the message, leaving the down line free. A little consideration of these facts will show the necessity for separate and independent wires between separate and independent stations. Thus, it will be necessary, as the New South Wales portion of the Great Inter- colonial line advances, to have at least one separate line for the use of the railway Some commutators resemble the key of a piano and are used in a similar manner ; when the key is up the metallic contact is broken, when down it exists : such is that of the Morse telegraph used in this country, and the effect of alternately raising and lowering is precisely the same as that produced by moving the hands as just explained. Many beautiful means have been contrived by which the electric current may be transmitted and suspended at regular intervals, and by mechanical means with the most astonishing rapidity, dependent on the principle of one body being a better conductor than another of electricity, and on the metallic contact being perfect or broken. We now come to a power possessed by the electric current, to which attention has not hitherto been drawn—that of imparting under certain conditions magnetism to soft iron. If a wire insulated to prevent metallic contact be wrapped round a bar of soft iron, bent into a horseshoe shape, or around two straight rods of soft iron con- nectcd with the same material, and an electric current pass along the wire, the iron will become an electro- magnet, powerful in proportion as the current is in- tense, and the coils multiplied ; and will be capable of supporting a heavy weight, or of attracting or releasing metallic bars ; its value for telegraphic purposes depend- ing upon the power already stated of suspending and transmitting an electric current at will and independent of distance. Thus if an iron or steel bar move on a pivot and an electric current be passed along an electro-magnet and suspended 500 times a minute, the bar will be attracted towards the magnet and released 600 times a minute also. If at the end of such a bar a metallic pen be fixed and alternately attracted towards such a magnet, and thus pressed against a roller over which by means of clock- work a sheet of paper is pausing at a regulated speed, and then released by a spring from the roller as the cessation of the electric current deprives the iron of its magnetic power, it is evident that marks of varying length and with varying intervals between them according to the suspension and transmission of the current will be made upon the paper. Such is the principle of the Morse telegraph we here use, and these marks are our alphabet. The current is conveyed to the instrument by the key commutator already described. The commutator in alternately suspending and trans- mitting the current makes a clicking sound, to which the steel bar of the instrument or armature corresponds, and in the United States experienced operators read (so to speak) the message by the ear as accurately as they can from the paper. Another and a great recommendation possessed by the Morse over the needle instrument is, that it is a self recording instrument, and hence affords easy means of detecting where the fault lies, should a mistake occur in the delivery, of a telegram. Such are the instruments in use in Victoria and South Australia, and which both to insure uniformity and because they afford an easy and excellent system of conveying telegrams (to use the fashionable word) have been adopted here also. In addition to the main battery a small local battery of five cells is placed at each station to afford increased power to the magnet, on the principle that the intensity of a current increases in our wires, in inverse proportion to the distance passed over. And it may be here interest- ing to remark, how few and simple are the elementary principles of this science, and how, however varied the system under which it is employed, they invariably are found governing it. From what has been said a brief consideration will show how such a system might be employed to regulate the movements of wheels ; so that on the one hand clock work may be made use of to suspend and transmit the current at regular intervals, or conversely, the current may be made use of to regulate work, and wheel work generally, the anchor, of an escapement wheel for instance, being alternately attracted and relieved by an electro-magnet. By this means two clocks, one in Sydney and one at Melbourne, may be made to keep perfectly similar time. By this means the alarm bells at telegraph stations are often rung. By this means if a toothed wheel worked in Sydney produced a pulsation of the current by the passage of each successive tooth, another wheel at Melbourne might be advanced tooth for tooth with the one in Sydney ; and their-fore, if each of these wheels govern the hand upon a dial plate, each hand will have the same motion upon the dial, and if figures or letters be engraved around the dial and at the commencement each hand point to a similar figure or letter, they will continue always to point to similar figures or letters. Upon these principles many systems of telegraphing are founded, as for instance, the French State Telegraph. This consists of two dials placed side by side upon a plate, with an index hand to each, fixed upon axes carrying behind the dial two escapement wheels, which as they revolve, carry round the index hands with then at regular intervals of 45 degrees. And as the movements of the hands upon the dial are governed by the anchors of the escapement wheels, these anchors by the armatures of electro-magnets, the magnets by the pulsations,of the current, it follows, if it can be contrived that oommu- tators at one station shall govern the pulsation of the current at the other, they will necessarily govern the movements of the indicators there also Such a commutator has been contrived, and it appears to be so ingenious that I desire to call your attention to it, as described by Lardner. Let M be a handle fixed upon an axis turning in the centre of a fixed disc, D, the edge of which is divided into eight equal parts by-notches, into which a short pin projecting from the handle can successively fall. Let R be a second disc turning with the axis, in the face of which a groove is cut, rounded at the corners, in which a pin projecting from a lever, C, moves ; C being fixed on the axis C C, upon the lower end of which is fixed a lever, L, terminating in a small piece of metal, R, which, by the vibration of the lever, alternately is thrown against the contact pieces, K K. Let S be the line from any other station, K the end of the line connected with the battery, and K the end of the wire connected with the electro-magnet. Let there be a similar commutator at any other sta- tion, and let the arrangement be such that when M is vertical in both commutators L presses against K or the wire of the electro-magnet, If M be moved forward one notch L will be thrown to the right against K', the battery wire, whence a current will pass by A to the corresponding point, A, of the other station, where at the time the handle, M, will be vertical, and L be in connection with the electro-magnet by K ; hence the current will pass to the magnet, which will attract the armature or the anchor of the escapement wheel, and make the indicator move forward one notch. If M be again moved forward the current will be broken, the armature released, the anchor of the escape- ment wheel again moved, and the indicator again advanced. Hence it is easy to see how the movements of the indicator at the two stations will correspond, and how reports can be transmitted and read. The French railway telegraph, however, differs, and I cannot help thinking very sensibly, from that of the State in having the ordinary letters of the alphabet and numbers engraved upon a dial plate, furnished with an index hand, the operator, having nothing to do but to turn the handle to any letter or number he wishes to transmit. It is, however, in its principle, identical with the State telegraph, the escapement wheel, however, having 13 teeth instead of 4, the groove upon the movable disc 13 sinuous undulations instead of 4 sides, and the fixed disc 26 notches instead of 8. Portable railway telegraphs have been invented to give immediate notice in case of accidents. When required for use one wire is put in connection by a long metal rod with a hook at one end with the line wire, whence it transmits signals to the back and forward stations, and the other wire with the rails. The Prussian and German railway telegraph, of which a diagram is before you, depends also upon the electro- magnet, the arrangement being such that the index hand revolves with a regular motion dependent upon the attraction and release of the armature, and capable of being arrested by pressing down the key upon which the letters are engraved, which resemble those of a piano- forte. As the index hands upon all the instruments are moved simultaneously by the force of the current alone, all that an operator has to do is to press down in suc- cession the keys upon which are engraved the letters to which be desires to call attention. The Belgian telegraph is a combination of the French and German, and claims to be an improve- ment on both. These improvements, have for the object to render the working of the instruments inde- pendent, as far as practicable, of any skill on the part of the operators, and are very ingenious. The index hand points at all stations simultaneously to the same letters as in the above telegraph systems, but its movement are controlled by a commutator as in the French system. There are many other, varieties of instruments, but based for the most part upon the principles already so fully described. Bain's electron-chemical telegraph is, however, an exception, being dependent on the power of the electro current to produce the chemical decomposition of certain substances. On a metal desk, capable of revolving horizontally, a sheet of paper wetted with a solution of prussiate of potash and a little nitric and hydro-chioric acid, is placed, the desk is connected with the negative pole of a battery and a metallic pen with the positive—which pen by mechanical means, has a movement in a right line from the centre to the circumference. As the desk revolves and the pen moves, pressing upon the paper, the solution is decomposed at the point of contact, and characters are traced upon the paper in a spiral course from the centre towards the circumference, each being of greater or shorter length, as the current is suspended or transmitted by means of a commutator. As, however, the rate of messages transmitted, by a commutator depends on the velocity with which the hand of a practised workman can intermit the current, very ingenious arrangements have been made by which the message is first stamped by means of a punch or paper, this paper is then passed over a metal roller, to which it is held by a metal spring. As, the spring passes over the holes the current is transmitted, and there is no limit to the celerity with which a message can be conveyed, except the time necessary, to de- compose the solution upon the prepared paper at the station to which the message is sent. Thus, by employing a number of compositors to print the messages, as printers set up type, dispatches of any length might be sent with extreme rapidity. Or by perforating several slips of paper at once, the same messages might be sent in many directions. Or the public might transmit their own messages in any cypher they pleased. Other arrangements have been lately patented, in which it is said that by, a union of steam and electricity messages may be transmitted with almost inconceivable rapidity. Ingenious instruments have also been contrived by which ordinary letters are printed at the station to which they are addressed, by means of a power worked at the station from which they were transmitted. In all the systems of telegraphing thus far brought before you, the motive power has been the voltaic bat- tery ; but as electro magnets may be formed by a current from a voltaic battery, conversely a current may be formed by the mere action of magnets alone. If around a hollow roller an insulated wire be coiled constantly in the same direction, and its extremities joined to those of a wire of any required length, and the North Pole of a magnet, be suddenly passed within the roller, a momentary electro current will be transmitted along the wire. If the magnet be as sud- denly withdrawn, another momentary current will be transmitted in the opposite direction. If the South Pole should be passed within the roller and withdrawn suddenly momentary currents will also be transmitted, but they will have contrary directions. If the poles of a permanent magnet be brought in close proximity with a horse- shoe, of soft iron, covered with insulated wire as before described, and suddenly withdrawn, the same effect will be produced as if the poles of a magnet were suddenly passed into the axis of the coil and withdrawn, and momentary currants be induced in opposite directions. If such a magnet were mounted so as to revolve upon an axis passing through the centre of its bend, and its poles then made to pass the stationary ends of the horse shoe, in each revolution four momentary cur- rents would be induced, two in one direction and two in another. If by means of commutators the currents in one direc- tion were suspended, an intermittent current in one direction would be obtained ; if the currants were by any means reversed, and the rotation of the magnet made with sufficient rapidity, the current in one direc- tion would be practically continuous, Such are the principles on which is founded the con- struction of magneto- electric machines, the best of which are those patented by Messrs. Henley and Foster, which rank very high in the telegraphic world. The current in this case is produced by electro- magnets whose poles are moved in close proximity with those of fixed compound permanent magnets ; the mag- netism of the several bars composing the compound magnet being collected by placing at their poles a straight piece of soft-iron. The electro-magnets are made as usual, and are mounted on centres on which they are moved by levers pressed down by the hand ; springs raise them again to their proper position. When the levers are pressed down the poles of the two magnets are reversed, and a momentary current is passed along the conducting wire, causing the needle to deflect at the distant station. Immediately the pressure is removed from the lever the electro-magnet resumes its former position, and a current is again transmitted in a contrary direction, causing the needle to take its vertical position. The needles of the magnetic telegraph are deflected by means of small electro- magnets placed under the dial of the instrument, and only move in one direction, by which means a decided dead beat is obtained, and the absence of the oscillation inevitable with other needle instruments is avoided, which facilitates celerity of read- ing. Henley's instruments are in use upon the minor lines in South Australia ; and should the use of telegrams increase here, as we may trust it will do, it is probable they might be advantageously introduced for the same purpose here. Indeed, my friend Major Du Cane, of the Royal Engineers, who superintended the laying down of the telegraph between Sebastopol and Varna, and who has since been engaged in laying down wires for the Government in England, and in training sappers as military telegraphists—whose use will, I trust, be found in the present war in India—assured me he preferred the magneto-electric system and Henley's instruments to any other. The increased speed with which messages can be transmitted by the magnetic telegraph is a strong argu- ment in its favour—the average in 1854 being 27 1/3 words per minute, as compared with 21¼ words transmitted by the electric telegraph. The greatest celerity attained being 371/6 words as compared with 24½ words in a minute. The speed with the Morse instrument in the hands of able operators is from 20 to 25 words per minute, the average length of each word being 5½ letters. It has been stated that House's American telegraph will print from 30 to 35 words per minute. Among the great uses of telegraphic communication may be named the prevention of railway accidents, and the economical and efficient working of railway traffic, the detection of crime, and the facility of communica- tion between mercantile men, and for the press. Among the curious uses maybe mentioned the nightly information furnished to members of Parliament at the London Clubs, and Opera House, of the proceedings in the House, as they go on. Among the social benefits of the telegraph must be included its use for the prevention of fire in large towns, as in Boston. This city is divided into districts, each with its fire station, accessible to the public and com- municating with a central office, which on an alarm of fire, rings, by electricity the alarm bells, in such a man- ner as to notify to the public the district in which the fire is. Among the scientific uses may be named the commu- nication in England and elsewhere of meridianal time at important ports or other places in the country ; the union of distant observatories ; the power of placing all clocks within an observatory in electrical connection ; and the power of noting the exact division of a second when any celestial object passes the micrometer wires of a transit or other astronomical instrument. In England considerably upwards of 8000 miles of telegraphic lines exist, employing upwards of 40,000 miles of wire, and a capital of considerably more than £1,000,000. England is connected with the continent by the sub- marine lines between Dover and Calais and Dover and Ostend—from whence the lines radiate in every direc- tion over the continent. The submarine lines vary in their construction from the overground ones, but are worked by similar means ; that between Dover and Calais consisting of 4 copper wires each surrounded with gutta peroha, the whole being enveloped in a mass of spun yarn, soaked with grease and tar, and surrounded by ten galvanised iron wires hoisted into a safe. The line between Holyhead and Howth consists of one wire only, and that between Calais end Ostond of 6. There are many other submarine cables, but they are all more or loss similar to the above. Immediately after the laying of the submarine cable from Orfordness to the Hage, it was found impossible to work an instrument, and in 1854, Faraday explained the cause of this to be be electricity being retained in the wire placed in the water. Experiments hive, however, since shown that this difficulty can be practically overcome by the use of magnetic electricity and although the attempt to con- nect Ireland and America has, unfortunately, for the present, as we have been informed by the public press, failed, sufficient been done to prove the practicability of the undertaking, which we may confidently hope will be carried out shortly. At the present time they have not less than 16,000 miles of line in the United States, and other extensive lines are in progress. Canada has upwards of 1200 miles of overground electric telegraph, worked, as in America, on the Morse system ; France has 3000 miles of State telegraph ; Prussia 5000, and Austria 4000 miles in a completed state. The main feature in which the great system of Indian telegraphs differs from that of other countries, is the employment of iron rods in place of wire, which neces- sity, forced upon Dr. O'Shaughnessy. Looking up from the horrors and evils, that have marked the present war in India, we may enumerate among the probable beneficial results that will spring from its exigencies, the rapid pro- motion of telegraphic communication between that country and England, measures for which are now being urgently pressed forward. When this shall have been accomplished, we may trust that its extension to these colonies will not be long delayed, and that when a mail does not arrive we may not be left for a month to wonder why. In Victoria rapid progress is being made, the lines being constructed and worked as in this colony, on the Morse system. The first was built between Melbourne and Williams- town, and was opened to the public in March, 1854 ; and the extension to Geelong (60 miles) in December of the same year. A short line of two miles, to Sand- ridge, was in use in July, 1855 ; and the Geelong line extended to Queenscliff in January, I860 ; making up to that date 72 miles in active operation—upon which, during the year 1856, the number of messnges trans- mitted was 13,174. The line from Geelong to Ballarat was opened in 1860, and from Melbourne to Sandhurst a few days later in the same month ; and during the year 1857 the line to connect Melbourne with Sydney has been finished to Beechworth, and is now ready for the trans- mission of messages. The inhabitant's of Albury have, with a very proper appreciation of the benefits of telegraphic communication, connected themselves with Beechworth, and applied to the Government for the services of an operating clerk, whose departure is merely delayed until the instruments which he is to take with him, and which were sent for some weeks ago to Melbourne, are received. The line from Ballarat to the South Australian frontier is also nearly completed, and by the end of next March Melbourne and Adelaide will be telegraphically connected. In South Australia the progress has not been less rapid, the requirements of the colony being taken into consideration. In November, 1855, the line between Adelaide and Fort Adelaide and the sea-coast, was com- menced, and it was opened on the 18th February, 1856. Between Adelaide and the port, the line is overground, and runs by the side of the railway ; the posts are of Singapore cedar and Swan River mahogany, painted, charred and tarred, on which four wires are suspended— two exclusively for the use of the railway and interme- diate stations, the other two for public messages from the central-stations. From the port railway station to the sea-coast, a 6-wire underground cable is used ; and across the creek at Port Adelaide a submarine 6-wire cable, weighing 8 tons to the mile, is laid ; the street-work in Adelaide is all underground. The North line to Gawler Town is also erected by the side of the railway, which, including the Dry Creek branch, is 28½ miles, and was opened to the public on the 14th April, 1857. The poles on this line are rough box saplings, 17 feet long, painted, charred, and tarred, carrying two wires. The cost of this line was £55 6s. 11d per mile, and the poles were all planted in one month. The inter-colonial line to connect Adelaide with Victoria, New South Wales, and Tasmania, is progressing favourably —60 miles being already opened. The submarine cables is laid across the channel at the mouth of the Murray, and nearly 150 miles completed between the Murray and the border. There is no doubt of the line being ready for opening to the public from Albury to Adelaide in less than two mouths from the present time. This line, is erected on saplings of native timber, 22 feet long, 8 by 5½ diameter, with a single wire con- ductor. For the sake of uniformity, the Morse instru- ment will be adopted throughout the inter-colonial lines. The cost of the South Australian portion, including stations and instruments, will not exceed £65 per mile. Tasmania has just completed a line from Launceston to Hobart Town, which is working satisfactorily ; and it is the intention of that Government, conjointly with the Victorian Government, to connect their lines by means of a submarine cable from Cape Otway to King's Island and on to Cape Grim. While this colony started somewhat later in the tele- graphic race than its neighbours, the arrangements made were yet such, that had they been carried out, the line between Sydney and Albury would have been ready for use as early as that from Melbourne to Beechworth, and inter-colonial communication would now have been established. The system of public tender, and the desire of giving every man a chance of getting on has, in the present instance, led to considerable delay ; but it is pleasant to be able to state that the line beyond Picton is progressing satisfactorily, and that offers have been received for completing the portion between Liver- pool and Picton. Between the South Head and Liver- pool the line is found to work very satisfactorily, in spite of the little inconveniences that inevi- tably attend new lines and new arrangements. Steps are being taken, also to enable, instantaneous information from the South Head to be given at any time of the night as well as day, in cases of wreck or danger. Should the lines be extended to the Fort Phillip Sig- nal Staff, the Port Master's Office, and the Railway Office, the advantages of the telegraph will be still more apparent. It is not one of the least pleasant features of this telegraph that it appears, as a speculation ; to pay. When we have practically established this fact in New South Wales, we may hope (if not sooner) to see Bathurst in electric union with Sydney, and Newcastle as the first link in the chain with India and England. I have thus endeavoured to lay before you, not so much from my own knowledge as that of others, an out- line of the principles and history of the telegraph up to the present time. My best thanks are due to Captain Ward, R.E., for his kindness in assisting in my preparations here to-day for which other duties left me but little time, and also to my assistant-superintendent, Mr. Cracknell, for similar services, and for much interesting information. In conclusion, you will perceive that telegraphy derives its power from two great sources, the voltaic battery and electro-magnetism. That three things are required— 1st. To produce an electric current of any desired quality and quantity. 2nd. To transmit it without waste from point to point, and to suspend it at pleasure. 3rd. To enable it to make, intelligible signals. And that there are three ways by which this latter object may be effected— 1st. By the deflection of magnetic needles. 2nd, By the creation of electro magnets. 3rd. By the power of electricity to produce chemical decomposition. When these principles, or such of them as are neces- sary, are properly combined, the wonder working power of electricity, as exhibited in the telegraph, appears to overcome both time and space. ‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗ SPANISH CREOLES OF NICARAGUA.— The Spanish Creoles, though, their number scarcely amounts to 1200, still retain all the-advantages of wealth and political influence, and they exhibit a decided mental superiority over the other races, however corrupt and degraded in other respects. The president of the state, the minis- ters, generals, and officers of rank, magistrates, priests, ambassadors, and almost all official persons, are Creoles, that is, of Spanish descent ; or, at least, endeavour to pass for such, and carefully conceal the smallest mixture of Indian blood that may have polluted the pure Cas- tilian fluid.—Travels, in the Free State of Central America. LIMPETS AND THEIR HISTORY.—" This is Professor Long's great work upon Limpets, 2 vols., post octavo. The mayor has just presented it to the library of the institute. I was cutting the leaves when you came in." " Very prudent in you, sir. If limpets were but able to read printed character in the English tongue, this work would have more interest for them than the ablest investigations upon the political and social history of man. But," added the comedian, shaking his head mournfully, " the human species is not testaceous—and what the history of man might be to a limpet, the history of limpets is to a man,"—Bulwer Lytton in " Blackwood's Magazine," CAPE Horn.—Yes, there it was, that dreaded and tempestuous cape ; that bold and rocky promontory which has been to the hardy mariner a ghost of fear and boding ever since its grim outlines were first discovered there it now stood close to me, bidding defiance alike to the ocean storms as to the mountain waves that dash against its surface ! A pyramidal mass, with its triangu- lar front looking towards the mysterious south ! The Horn ! The ultima Thula of the Spaniard's rich land of America ! The tempest-born home that brave spirits venturing near have often in vain contended with ; the haunt of the wild winds from afar that hither come to batter stout-built ships and trample down the courage of the hardy, seamen ! Yes, there it was, at only two miles off, frowning in haughty-grandeur upon the little barque that was creeping up as close as possible to its giant base. But hark ! how the waters in huge masses roll in upon that adamantine pyramid ! It is not pleasant to the ear, though it may be grand to the eye.—Narrative of Life in the Southern Seas. THE ISLETS OF BRITAINE.—Off our island coast, like the satellites of a planet, are scattered islets of extreme beauty, the play of the elements ever bathing their hills and glens in the loveliest hues, or darkening them with flickering shadow, and chiselling and railing their rocks into forms beyond all that the most fantastic fancy can fashion. Every islet has a geographic profile of its own ; the outline at once divulging the secret of its structure. The peaked and serrated ridges of Arran, and the piled blocks of Scilly, display the features of granite, gneiss, and sienite ; the brown cones of Mona, of schist ; and the round green paps of Wight, of chalk. To compass the full enjoyment of all this, we must buckle on the knapsack, grasp the alpenstock, steal into the remote hamlet, dive into the deep glen, scramble among the sea rocks, or scale the uplifted granite, and thence look around with triumphant delight on all the underlying beauty.—The Beautiful Islets of Britaine. BRAZILIAN " LAVANDEIRAS."—A shallow but limpid brook gurgles along a wide and deep ravine, lying be- tween two precipitous spurs of the Corcovado Mountain. Passing up its banks, you see scores of lavandeiras, or washer-women, standing in the stream and beating their clothes upon the boulders of rock which lie scattered along the bottom. Many of these washerwomen go from the city early in the morning, carrying their huge bundles of soiled linen on their beads, and at evening return with them, purified in the stream and bleached in the sun. Fires are smoking in various places, where they cook their meals ; and groups of infant children are seen playing around, some of whom ore large enough to have toddled after their mothers ; but most of them have been carried there on the backs of the heavily-burdened servants.-Brazil and the Brazilians. RIO COFFEE-CARRIERS.—While we are almost stunned by the sounds of the multitude, we have a new source of wonderment. Above all the confusion of the Rua Direita, we hear a stentorian chorus of voices responding in quick measure to the burden of a song. We behold, over the heads of the throng, a line of white sacks rush- ing around tho corner of the Rua de Alfandega (Custom House-street.) We hasten to that portion of Rua Direita, and now see that these sacks have each a living ebony Hercules beneath. These are the far-famed coffee- carriers of Rio. They usually go in troops, numbering ten or twenty individuals, of whom one takes the Iead and is called the captain. These are generally the largest and strongest men that can be found. While at work they seldom wear any other garment than a pair of short pantaloons ; their shirt is thrown aside for the time as an encumbrance. Each one takes a bag of coffee upon his head, weighing one hundred and sixty pounds, and, when all are ready, they start off upon a measured trot, which soon increases to a rapid run. As one hand is sufficient to steady the load, several of them fre- quently carry musical instruments in the other resem- bling children's rattle-boxes ; these they shake to the double-quick time of some wild Ethiopian ditty, which they all join in singing as they run. Music has a power- ful effect in exhilarating the spirits of the negro ; and certainly no one should deny him the privilege of soften- ing his hard lot by producing the harmony of sounds whioh are sweet to him, though uncouth to other ears. lt is said, however, that an attempt,was one time made to secure greater quietness in the streets by forbidding them to sing. As a consequence, they performed little or no work ; so the restriction was in a short time taken off. Certain it is that they now avail themselves of their vocal privileges at pleasure, whether in-singing and shouting to each other as they run, or in proclaim- ing to the people the various articles they carry about for sale. The impression made upon the stronger by the mingled sound of their hundred voices falling, upon his ear at once is not soon forgotten.—Brazil and the Brazilians. THE CULTURE OF CHINESE TEA IN BRAZIL.—In 1810, the first plants of this exotic were introduced at Rio de Janeiro, and its cultivation for a time was chiefly con- fined to the Botanical Garden, near the capital, and to the royal farm at Santa Cruz. In order to secure the best possible treatment for the tea, which it was antici- pated would soon flourish so as to supply the European market, the Cotint of Linhares, Prime Minister of Por- tugal, procured the immigration of several hundred colonists, not from the mingled population of the coast of China, but from the interior of the Celestial Empire— persons acquainted with the whole process of training the tea-plant and of preparing tea. This was probably the first colony from Asia that ever settled in the New World, of which we have authentic records. The colo- nists, however, were not contented with their expatria- tion ; they did not prosper, and they have now disap- peared. Owing in part, doubtless, to characteristic differences in the soil of Brazil from that of China, and perhaps as much to imperfect means of preparing the leaf when grown, the Chinese themselves did not suc- ceed in producing the most approved specimens of tea. The enthusiasm of anticipation, being unsustained by experiment, soon died away ; and near the city of Rio de Janeioro the cultivation of tea has dwindled down to little more than an exotic grown on a large scale at the Botanica Gardens. As a government matter it was a failure ; but several Paulista planters took up the cul- ture, and, though they encountered years of discourage- ment, they have lived to see it, though as yet in its infancy, one of the most flourishing and remunerative branches of Brazilian agriculture—Brazil and the Brazilians. A VERY PECULIAR BILL—There is a kind of tradition that of all bills presented to people, an innkeeper's is that which excites tho most astonishment in the receiver, but the following bill, sent by a-locksmith, in this town, to an innkeeper, surpasses all we have ever seen for the peculiarity of its charges and the perfect coolness with which the totals are brought out, the,real price of the articles, although mentioned, being com. pletely put aside. The following is copied from the original document : Mr.——— To.—————— Look smith &c.;, _________________s.__d. Sep 18 three Penny Rivets ____________6 one Round squarr in Look_____________6 one twopenny Brass Washer___________4½ Three halfpenny worth Puttey _________5 Cleaning spring in Lock______________9 tew men on fowrth Day Each_________2_0 Bear &c.;, for Men ________________1 0 Oil &c.;, for werking spring___________3 _____________________________ ——— ______________________________ 5 9½ If you think the above too Little add 2s 6d for Neatness of Work —Huddersfield Examiner. GALVANIC CURRENT. —C Kuhns, of Bavaria has found by experiment, that in a battery the ratio, of the zinc surface to that of copper depends in a great measure on the quality of both substances, and that to produce economically the greatest result, the relative sizes have to be found experimentally in each case. For this rea- son he uses amalgamated wires of zinc instead of the usual cylinders, and increases progressively the quan- tity of it till the maximum strength of current is reached. The same inventor has also discovered that when the battery is heated to 128 degrees Fahrenheit, the current produced is stronger than at any other temperature, and he has invented a battery which may be heated easily. It consists of a cast- iron box divided into two portions, by a false bottom. The elements are placed side by side in the upper compartment in a bed of sand. In the lower compartment is an alcohol lamp. The sand gets uniformly heated and keeps the elements at the proper, temperature. After a little practice any person will find how the wick of the lamp has to he trimmed to heat the sand up to 120 degrees, and keep it at that temperature. This process is used in most Parisian coffee houses to keep coffee as warm as possible without spoiling it by bolting. It is, probable that the strength of current is proportional to the quantity of chemicals used up, what- ever be the process for producing the same. Hence the question, will warming the battery, increase the strength, of the current; more economically in cost of apparatus, expense of chemicals, labour and risk of getting out of order, than making it larger by adding more of the ele- ments ? BARNES'S PRINTING TELEGRAPH, lately built by Reeve and Co., is an improvement on House's instru- ment. The main parts of House's machines are type wheels, which are made to revolve alike at the different stations, so that when they are all stopped at the same instant by breaking the current, the same letter is, at every placc, in front of the instrument. Sometimes one wheel gets in advance of the others, and remains so until put back by the operator. This getting out of register is obviated in the new improvement by giving the type wheel a vibrating motion. After telegraphing each letter those wheels come back to the starting point, so that if the machine makes an error it is confined to one letter.—New York Times. 