THE MINISTRY. (From the Argus. No positive advance has been made in the con struction of a Cabinet beyond the steps we were enabled to announce yesterday. It is understood, however, that Mr. Chapman will certainly meet Parliament on Tuesday in a position to announce that he has completed his Ministerial arrange ments. Unless absolutely unforeseen and insur mountable difficulties should rise in his way, we believe it is his intention to avail himself of what ever elements he can command, rather than aban don the accomplishment of a task which has been entrusted to him under circumstances so peculiar and pressing. The composition of the new Ministry will de pend greatly upon the willingness shown by lead ing public men to assist in its formation. The country is surely entitled to expect at the hands of those who have professedly devoted themselves to her service, that they will not allow private and personal feelings to stand in the way of ar rangements that appear to be necessary to the in terests of good government. A public career be gets public responsibilities. The very fact that a man has mixed much in affairs, and acquired the necessary knowledge, experience, and aptitude to manage them, makes his services due to the pub lic when the public good demands them,— because it is the primary duty of every citizen to advance to the utmost limits of his power the interests of the commonwealth. Looked at on these broad grounds of obligation, the position of a man pos sessing the experience and practical knowledge of Mr. O'Shanassy is one which entitles the country to expect that he will step forward without hesi tation to relieve it from embarrassment whenever an obvious opportunity of doing a useful service presents itself. It is said that Mr. O'Shanassy is at this moment hesitating whether to take office in Mr. Chapman's ministry. If this hesitation is based on merely personal grounds, it appears to us that there are higher considerations of duty that should override them. Should Mr. Chapman fail to form a Govern ment which men really desirous of seeing the work of the country going on will feel able to rally round, we should have nothing to anticipate but a season of disastrous delay and confusion. A dissolution of Parliament would be inevitable, and the consequence of a dissolution under the pre- sent electoral system would be the return of a House of Assembly that could not very materially differ from the present one. We should gain nothing but a loss by that move. Months of in valuable time would be thrown away, and we should find ourselves just in the same position in the end, as far as concerns the competency of Parliament to deal with the Land question, the Education question, and other questions of mag nitude and moment. (From the Herald .) It appears that there is a hitch somewhere ; although Mr. Ireland has received the congratu lations of his friends, and Mr. Aspinall is said to be moving on — like Hamlet in the ghost scene, lured by the beckoning shade — towards the brink of the precipice that would separate him eternally from the Chairmanship. Mr. Duffy is declared to be willing to return to his old quarters ; and we may add that there is nothing more remarka ble than the reaction of public feeling in favor of that gentleman. Mr. Brooke and Mr. Harker are talked of for other appointments. But the tail of the comet is less defined than its nucleus ; and we fancy that we can see other stars and con stellations shining through it. The progress of the new government may, in fact, be compared to the funeral of a noble lady, as described by Taci tus, which began with all the slow magnificence of mourning; but the statues of Brutus and Cassius were not there, and their absence in spired a much deeper admiration than their presence could possibly have done. Neither Sir. O'Shanassy nor Mr. Horne (who may well pass for the Cassius of the scene), nor Mr. Wood, nor any of the nine who voted in the minority, except Mr. Duffy, have been mentioned as likely to take office in the ministry ; and we know that Mr. O'Shanassy, on grounds strictly constitu tional and highly honorable to himself, has de clined to take part in the contemplated arrange ment. The fact that Mr. O'Shanassy has declined a coalition vrith the Haines party—although it is rumored that this was urged upon him by the highest authority — and that he has, with equal firmness, resisted the friendly overtures of the re presentative of the late majority, is, to the mind of any reasonable man, quite conclusive as to the course that we must follow. Mr. O'Shanassy is now, really and truly, " master of the situation," not of his own seeking or contriving, but forced into the position by circumstances. . . . Mr. O'Shanassy, then, is the last and best resource we have, under present circumstances, and he alone can so reorganise the liberal party as to secure to it that supremacy in the legislature which it pos sesses in the country. (From the Age.) Mr. CHAPMAN has not sought his present posi tion, but it has sought him. He is called upon to extricate the state from the difficulties into which it is thrown, proximately, by a ruse on the part of the ex-ministry, but collaterally by a foolish and premature adoption of what is called "respon sible government;" and unless the desire be either to subvert that system, or to abandon the country to anarchy, Mr. Chapman has a right to calculate upon far more extensive support than he is at all likely to receive. The House is in a state of utter disorganisation ; and there is no one sec tion in a better position than another to form a ministry that will command a working majority. In short, as we observed on a previous occasion, it has come or is fast coming to this — that no seven men in the House will recognise any other seven as having any better right than themselves to govern the country ; a state of things in which the English theory of responsible government becomes an impossible problem. There is no man in the House who now has a "following" in the sense in which the leaders of the great politi cal parties in England can " whip in" their rank and file. Recent divisions must have made this very apparent. If Mr. Chapman take his stand upon democratic principles of reform he defies op position. He may be defeated, but he does not fall. It is because this aspect of the case is so es sential to his success, and is so studiously ignored by the press, that we again urge it with emphasis. By proceeding on this basis Mr. Chapman ex tends his platform to the simple limits— neither more nor less — of the democratic programme ; and none are precluded except those to whom that programme is distasteful. In this way Mr. Chap man may succeed ; while in no other way do we see the smallest chance for him. All the sophis try in the world cannot shake the soundness of the position we have indicated. The path of principle is ever the path of safety and the path of success. Causes Celebres. — The proceedings in the Police Court this week will be somewhat more interest ing than usual. There will probably be the usual summary punishments for drunkenness ; some Chinese will be punished for petty larceny ; some neighbors from Wattle Flat will bring their quar rels into court in the form of actions for obscene language and assaults ; and there will be no want of civil actions for sums varying from £5 to £19 19s. In addition to this the regular programme, however, there will be to-day the great gambling case referred to elsewhere ; on Tuesday the charge of conspiracy against Mr. M'Donogh and Mrs. Homer will be heard ; and on that day and the following two actions arising out of the late municipal election will come before the Court. On Tuesday Mr. Chapman will be charged with resisting the police in the execution of their duty, the charge being founded on the frantic exertions of the excited ex-Councillor to free himself from the grasp of the stalwart constables by whom he was expelled from the Mechanics' Hall on Friday. A number of Mr. Chapman's escapades, have been allowed to pass unnoticed, but it is really true that this gentleman should be taught some respect for law and propriety. On Wednesday Mr. Stagg will have to answer the charge of as saulting Henry Christophers, junior, in the pre cincts of the Municipal Chambers on Friday. 