SPIRIT RAPPING EXTRAORDINARY. A rcspcctablo family residing iu Nippofc Lane, Stony Rock, Loods, havo been for tho past six or eight, weeks seriously disturbed in mind by tho extraordinary noises hoard from time to timo in their dwelling. Those noises took tho form of rappiags, and wore heard at all times of the day, and all periods of the evc-; ' ning, until after nightfall At dinnor tho1 family would be alarmed at tho violent rap pings at the dining-room door ; at tea, tho frnut door and tho sittmc-roo m door would bo similarly ufl'eeted ; and if the family adjournod to tho garden, tho mppings could still bo dis tinctly heard. Treated at ilrst as a novelty, the ' visitation'' at length became it sorious ? nuisanco.and various methods were considered with the view of terininatiug it, but all appa xeritly without avail. Scientific friends were ' called in, and tbo: mj'sterious visitant was ob liging enough to attend thoir ' seances,' and to manifest itself in evory possible way, except by ?palpable appearance, and so as to give them an. opportunity of speculating upon its ohuraoter. But tho mon of science went away as puzzled as thoy camo, and tho agency remained unde tected. Stony Rock being situato over coal ?workings, it was at one time suggested that tho uoises heard might be occasioned either by tho workmen in the pit, tho soughing of tho nir through tho gates, or bo the result of somo atmospheric phenomenon. But it was held' that if the rappings were caused naturally, thoy would not bo oonlined to vibrations of tho doors, but tho windows, foundations, &o.;, of the house would be likewiso shaken. It was then suggested by some good-natured friends \--Mr ? , being a large coal ovvner-- that the noises, wero a retributivo punishment upon Mr ? , for allowing his men to bo out on strike, but, unfortunately for theio theorists, tho noises oommenced several VA.'eks previous to tho men leaving tho pits. ' Grave' rumors began to be circulatc'd ' fibout t tho neighborhood, — a certain DaniO' Nippet, who lived at Stony Rook a contury ago, tieing the subject, and her legend tho general matter of consideration. Stony Rock, a century ago, was a kind of tea-gardens for tho Leeds citizens, Damo Nippot being especially cele brated for her cheese-cakes, her crumpets, her possets, and hor fruits and flowers. An uu- . fortunate parish apprentico of a servant-girl v/as tho old Damo's assistant, at Stony Rock, and tho legend went on to. vocito that tho Damo's ill-treatment of this poor lass led her to commit suicido oun morning, in tho barn, l:-y hanging liorself. Tho story goes on to say that tho Damo never prospered after tho , suicidal act had beon committed, — she never recovered the shock; her nerves were tho iNDughly uustrung; she was unable to rest during tho hours of night; in tho whistling wind she heard tho reproaches of her etxpiring maid; all hor cattle died oil' by wholoaalo ; and ultimately tho old beldame, ?vrretched aud unpitied, died raving mad. It Tjas scarcely to be expected that Mother Nip pet would rest in such an unholy and unoon secrated gravo; and it was soon whiskered that she regularly ' re-visited tho glimpses of tho i,ioon,'' and hor inllucnco for evil was soon ap pallingly evident by the mortality which at tended any unfortunate animal which strayed , within tho circle of hor walk. Ultimately an exorcist was employed to charm Nance Nippet again into her grave; her wandering spirit was lriid by somo mystic spell, and she was war- ' runted to rest in peace so long as tho ' holly bush should grow green at Stony Rook.' ? A oyelo of timo has since been described, — tho spell litis been broken, — tho holly btish no longer grows green at Stony Roelc ; that erst lovel}' retreat of tho Leeds citizens is now pit-hills and ' brick-yards ; and tho troubled spirit of tho Damo was said again to bo abroad in tho night, and causing the disturbance in tho coal master's house. Tho health of the inmates be gan to bo affected by this mysterious and an noying visitation, and by way of o itching at tho „ last chance, the coalma3ter dolorously invoked tho assistance of his spiritual pastor. The i minister of religion came, and so did the spirit; but whether it was that the old Damo Nonco was ft dissenter, or that the parson was not suf- ) ficiently earnost in his task, we are unablo to speak, but this much wa3 evident — ho had failed to lay tho porturbed spirit. Tho inmates werg seriously contemplating a romoval to some leo? noisy tenement, when a startling discovery was made. Spiritu are generally held to be im material, but ono morning when Mr — — . was about to pull on his boots, he discovered, to his great astonishment and annoyance, that tho leather had beon literally cut into ribbands. The servant-girl generally acted as the shoe-black, and to her he appealod for an explanation. She boldly aflirmod that tho mischief must havo been done by tho ghost ; but on being threatened with n policeman, her tone visibly altered, and she acknow ledged, in contrite and penitent strains, that all the mysterious noises of the past two months had been caused cither by her, or in conjunction with the abigail of the adjoining house. Tho mystery was solved. Mr — — now romembereil that no noises had ever beon heard aftor Jario had retired to rest, ' and that she was always in the houso when tho rappings took place, and ho consequently discharged hor with a suitalilo caution; no doubt heartily glad to get rid of her without an exposure of a more public nature. Since Juue'.-i discharge there has beon nn end of Ihe 'spirit l'lippi''3' llf' Stony Rook. — Corse aitondoU of the 'Manchester Examiner. 1 