THE TURF. <.:-; PENRITH RACES. STKWATIDS-Messrs .lames M'Ciirthy, William York, Rollen Elliott, Benjamin Richards, nnd William Allan, i Jrjnoit-Mr John Perry. CITRIC or TUB CounsB-Mr .Tames M'Coooy. TUE t'enrith Annual Itaco Mooting oommenced on Tues- day last, and was continued during tho two succeeding days. Owing in some measure to thc unfarnuruhlo wea- ther in Sydney for n day or two prior to tho races; to Zoo's unfortunate accident, und the dispatch of Mr ltowo's horses to Melbourne, thc interest which a few weoks since has been so generally takorTln th!« meeting subsided con- siderably during tho last wonk,and heneo, perhaps, it Was not surprising that nu special train to Parramatta, lind no morning conch from thore to Penrith stat tod on Monday last. H owe vor. hud not our friends of tho Whito Morse Stables, \ mr« A pplewuito, started their smart turn-out and a good team, many of thc portions Who went to Par- ramatta hy the first train would havo found it impossible to have got tn Penrith in time for thc first day's sport) as it happened, however, tho break was on this occasion at tho right time in thc right piuco, and took a few passen- gers through, comfortably nnd quickly. On arriving at 1'enrilb, we found that very littlo rain had fallen thora, and tho weather had been and was nil that could bo de- sired, scarcely n cloud was to ho seen, and thc ronds'werai passably good. With those advantages, probably the gathering.would havo been considerably larger than it wns wcro it not that thc-o races followed too quickly after tho glorious meeting at Windsor. This had only ns it were just terminated, and many who hnd seen that would scarcely caro toseolheso races, which lind been ren- dered GO inferior by tho withdrawal of tho best horses that were entered. Hnd Mariner and Gratis remained in Kew South Wales, and Zoo been right, it is perfectly certain that the rush to Penrith would havo quite equalled tbnt to Windsor. As it was, only » j»w ot our most cnthusi oftic turfites from Sydney fouril their wny^ so faros Pen- rith; a good few, linwuver, from thc surrounding districts were present «m tho first and third days, and nindoo fair assemblage. Tho course, though naturally a very trying ono. wns in fine condition; nnd nndor the superintendence oftho Judge (Mr J. Purry/, tho Stewards, and tho Clerk of tho Course, thu whola of tho arrangements for tho meet- ing were mn lc perfect. Wo must not omit to mention our friend Beiitfon. who iii tho capacity t,f Secretary nnd Treasurer rendered valuable services, and whoas host ex- hibited a princely liburalhy in providing for thc wants of tho.inner man. ' . Although none of tho races contd bo looked upon ns first class, still most of them were interesting. All that could ho dono by handicapping to bring tho horses to- gether had been dono, nnd the result was far from naiads factory. -Each flay there ' was some event of peculiar interest to bo looked forward to, oad consequently tboso who really delight tu keeping up tho sport, wore not .loft any room tn complain. Wa hope wa may never sea u wiirso meeting In tim colony, and In awarding praiso to its getters up, we nro only echoing tho sentiments of all those who attended upon this occasion. Thé races of the first day were three In number, tho Maiden Plate, the Nepean Plate, and the Prince of Wales Stakes. It being a dead certainty that tho Nepom plate must bo won hy Don Bolt, little interest was taken about it but the first and third races attached a good deal of notice, and a good deal of money in small sums changed hands upon them. Tho necessary preliminaries huviug boen arranged, the bell rung at a few minutes ofter ono for the First flnce-Tho MAIDEN PLATB of 75 sovs, with a sweepstake of four sovs each added, for all horses that never won a prize exceeding SS sovs ; second horse to receivo IO sovs from tho prize ; distance about a.milo and a half. Mr. U, Richnrds's b g Touobstono, 5 yrs. (Dunn) ... I ,1. Tait's g f Blink Bonny, 3 yrs. (Cutts) ... 2 D. Beatson's b g Albuern, aged, (Francis) ., 3 lt. Alcorn's b g Quandong, aged, (Phipps) .. 0 G. S. Hall's b g Sir Uarry, aged .. ..dr. A. Benson's brg Kgromont, -1 yrs ... dr. G. Brown's b g Lord Kngl.ut, aged ... ' .. dr. Touchstone was tho favourite for this event. o,nd was bucked level against the Held, whilst tho grey lilly was not without a good number of admirers who wore prepared to back lier. Albuern took the lead at starting, followed closely by Touchstone, who was wnitod.on by Blink Bonny, Quandong being clearly ont of the rnco. Imme- diately after passing the Stewards' Stand, for the first time Albuera was left tho third place, and a good run was made between Blink Bonny and Touchstone the fill taking a decided lead going down tho hill-which loadshemain tniacil till within a few strides of the distance, when Dunn commenced flogging, Johny also punching tho grey, who did not seem able to make much of the run home, and was, after a nico neck and neck race in tho staafght running, just beaten. ~ Second Uace-The NEPEAN PLATH of 75 sovs., with1 a sweepstake , of four sovs each added, for ntl horses ; to lie handicapped by the stewards, or whom they may appoint; onoovent ; twice round and a distance; the second horso to receivo tun sovereigns. Mr. G. Singlo's o g Bon Bolt, aged 9st 7H»...(Scott) 1 C. Roberta'sc g Hut-oka, aged, 8st.(Driscoll) 2 II. Skuthorpe's c m Annie Luurie, S yrs. Cst 71b .(Skuthorpe) 3 J. Tait's o ni Zoe. need, 9st. dr G. T. Röwo*« b o Muriner, 3 yrs, 8.-t. Ur Ben Bult was of course tlie favorite for this raco. 2 tn 1 belüg freely offered upon him against tho field, notwith- standing tho weight ho carried. Euroka lcd at starting; Den Bolt being bard held, nnd able to go by when he liked.. On going down hill in tho second time round, ho took the post of honor, mid maintained it without tho slightest difficulty to thc end. '1 ho race for the second placo detween the other two was closely contested,- both being flogged homo ns h:irdfas possible, nnd Euroka com- ing in by half a length. Tho pace, however, throughout was remarkably slow. Young Skuthorpe, apparently n little vexed th«t ho had succeeded in bringing tho maro in ot ibo heel of tho hunt. pr..tested, asserting thnt Driscoll had jostled him at the lower part of the course', and (ducked him at thc distance Tho Stewards after a brief consultation carno to tho conclusion that there was no proo i-f jostling, and fined Driscoll £S for blocking; tho horse, therefore, wa« not disqualified. Third Itaco-Tlio PRINOH OP WALKS STAKKS of 40 sovs, lor.nil hones ; weight for age ; the winner to bo sold by auction for £hb ; any 'surplus to go to tho fund« ; honts, ance round and a distance Mr. J, Onus's b g Lottery, aged.(Driscoll) 10 1 It, Alcorn's b g Whitefoot, aged (Phipps) 0 12 . J, lîea.lford's ó in Creeping Kate, aged (II. Willis). 2 0 0 J. Ryon's b g Rob Roy, aged . B. Colreavy'» b g Bushranger, aged . C. Roberts's l> g Byron, aged . D. Reatuon's b g Albuera, aged . dr. Dargins c g Pluto, 4 yrs. dr. G. Hall's b g, Sir Gurry, aged . dr. For tho Prince of Wales Stakes Rub Roy was tho fa- vourite. In thc first heat Creeping Ku to stinted with thc ic.nl, but was so»n cut down by Lottory, who con- tinued to improve his position at every stride i he nnd Creeping Kato racing, mid the others taring their dis- tance. In tho second heat nil wore off together, Rob . Roy doing his best, followed closely by Whitefoot, the two racing together all tho way ; tho lnttor nindo a capital finish, and beat hid antagonist by about haifa length. Lottery only saving his distance; waiting the next heat, in. which he. had it alibis own. way, Whitefoot «ever, standing a gho«t of a chance. '' Tho winner was then put up to auction, and bought In by his original owner,' Mr Onus, for £G0. Bushranger was shortly afterwards disposed of by auction for £27 to Mr Tait. SECOND DAY. Tho most interesting Tentures in the second dny's racing wore tho Hurdle Knee'nnd tho Hurry Scurry; for tho for- mer there were only two competitors. Whisker nod Corn- stalk, Diazes being entered only to make up the race. Cornstalk's friends seemed very confident, nnd backed the horse at odds to win; wo should rather think on the chance of old Whisker's again meeting an accident' than from any iden that tho Nativo was Bblo to oat-run him. Na douht Mr Weston's horse is a good jumper, nud has a Hno dash offert when in condition, but that he certainly was not on Wednesday lost; indeed, , wo never saw a [torso started for a race looking so had. Whisker, on tho contrary, was os fit as a fiddle; never wan he better able to run a hurdle race. No sooner was he on the course, anti stripped, than tho Cornstalk's admirers could bo ac- commodated to any amount at G to 4, at even 8 to 4 ; for it appeared a dead certainty that their animal could not, in tho state ho then wns, live tho distance, and it was vary soon apparent that ha could not go thc paco, old Whisker keeping the lead, hard held, all through. Avery, who rodo Weston's horse, certainly managed him ns prettily as any jockey could do. but could not put strength into him. After the first two rounds, the bursa was clean pumped out, mid though he did monago to get over tho eighth leap, striking the top rail, whon he attempted to innko n nish, coming up to his last jump ho was so thoroughly done up, that hs scarcely rosu from the ground, and rah into tho hurdle; tho natural result'of courso was. that instead of jumping lt, he turned a beautiful somersault, landing poor Torn full length on his face and rolling clean over him h'iw hs escapod with his life is a miracle; but wo are happy to say that «titler tho skilful treatment of Dr Hay- lock ho has proceeded favorabl y: it appears that ho bones nre broken, although the shock was a very severo ono, and ho has received a deep cut on the nose and n very ugly scrape down thc face. Had ho boen anything hut a game man and a steady rider, tho probability of his evor riding another hurdle race would at least have been questionable; ho, however, is quite prepared to ride tho horse again at an early dato, if the owners will make a match to run against Whisker over hurdles of tho same character nnd for the samo distance. No doubt Purtoll will bo " all there" again if required; end nlthongh Cornstalk Is a very good horse for a hurdle race, his paco, we think, is not sufficiently strong to onablo him to beat Whisker, when in such condition ns ho was un Wednesday last. If, how- ever, the talkcd-of match is made, it is to bo hoped that Cornstalk's owners will have profittod by their experience bynot again bring their horse out..iii_such wretched.con- dition : tho only effect of which would be, wo feel assured, to risk both horse and man - for, howovcr good tho nnirrtal might be, two or thrco such "bu'stcrs'i ns ho got on this occasion will soon take all ibo jumping out of him. The soiling handicap introduced by tho Stewards in this race is a new sty lo of thing in this colony, and from its successful working on this occasion, no doubt, we shnll see it. adopted In many future meetings. For tho Publicans' Purse Mariner being drawn,.tho Held mas left to Spider nnd Rajah, and although some alarm was occasioned br tho report in the morning that the bay horse had fallen laine, still it was pretty sure that if he i wns started ho could lick old Rajah, oven on thrco legs. Tho lameness, however, only nrpso from a tight shoo, an alteration in which and a canter put Da Mostre's horse as right as the bank, and 20 to 5 was laid on him, and greater odds could be got after he mada his appearance on the course, looking as well ns a horse could do. It was quito evident tho old grey never stood a chance, and had .Mariner run, it is moro than probablo that Spider would have at least mudo a despernto race nf it. Tho Hurry Scurry was tho best race that had boen run oa cither day, tho boise s -nil being well matched (taking tho weights into consideration), tnado it difficult to select a favourite, and, consequently, the betting about tho ovont was .insignificant. Quandong and Byron, howovèr, were each taken lovel against the field, and small amounts nt 5 to 4 were laid on Byron. Whitefoot, owing to thc Btylc in which he ran on tho first day for the second beat, in tho raca for the Prince of Wales Stakes was also looked upon ns standing a fair chance to" win. and wai bael cd for even tunney against cither Quandong or Byron. Tho race was well contested throughout. Quundong's friends, How- ever, being nil out in their reckoning ns,t-> him, for ho in company with Buttotfly was nil behind, and had to maka a desperat» rush to avoid coming in last, willoh ho would havo dona but' for Cutts' good juçkeyshlp. The Stewards deserve considerable credit for tho man- ner in which they handicapped the horses, and we are per- fectly safe in asserting they did that which is seldom done In such cases, "gave universal satisfaction,"' Tbo wenthor throughout thc day was beautiful, but tho attendance -woo small ( tho «lays sport, howovcr, turned oat, on tho whole, bettor thnn wa» qonórally anticipated. Shortly after ona tho ball rung for the First Haca-'I ho ll URDLU KA OU of 4U sovs, with a sweep stake of two sovs each ridded ; one event, three limes round the course, over "nine limps three feet six inches; carrying Homebush. Welter »eights. ' Mr, T. Itoberts's c g Whisker, aged.(Purtcll) I E. II. Weston's e g C<>ln.st.lli, aged .(Aveiy) 2 J. Weston's og Blazes,aged. dr Betting, G to 4 on Whisker. As ive have already stated, Cornstalk waa in no sort of condition to run this race, and looked fur more likely to break his own neck nnd that of his rider than to win. Whisker took tho lead at starting, and could have run away from the other horse entiruly, hut was hard held by Pundi. Both horses took tho first three fences in gallant style, tho fourth Whisker just touched with his hind feet with sufficient force to remove the top bar; the whole of thu others ho cleared bountifully. 'Cornstalk, coming by the stand thu second time, was clearly used up, labouring hard, mid evidently In difficulties; ho, however, took his seventh fence well, and ro'n up the hill ns boldly ns hu was able at the eighth, which he struck lightly; between that and tho lust ho made an effort to come up with Whisker, and that spurt settled him; for on coming at tho Inst jump lie hadn't a leg to stand upon, anti was so weak that hu could not have cleared tho first rail of the fence, having fairly run nt tho hurdle, ho was brought down, heavily throwing Tom Avery, who luid senseless for some minutos. Whisker ran homo easily, with scarcely n. hair turned, s'eeoud Boco-Tho foBLioiN*' Púusu of 50 sovs¡ with, a sweepstake of three sovs each added, for all horres, carrying Homebush welter weights; one event, twice round mid a distance. No nllownnco for maiden*. Mr. K. DcMcstrc's b g Spider, 3 yrs .....(t'ntts) I J. Hoadford'dg g JlHjjh, nged ...(fl. Willis) 2 G. T. Howe's b c Mariner, 3 yrs.?. dr Bolting, 20 to S on Spider. Tho buy took tho load ut starting, and novar lost it; mo old grey, however, mule several attempts to conic np, but on the hard rourso he could not shape at all. Tho race was a perfect gift to Spiller, who scarcely got out of u canter all tho way. Time, 4 min IN sccs. Third lince-A Iltiaitv SounRY of 30 sovs,with a sweep of 2 sovs each added ; for_nH horses, to be handicapped by the stewards; one crcnt, twice rnund the course. Tho winner to bo sold after tho raco for .£40, any sur- plus to go to the funds. I'ost entronco. Tho Sweep- stakes to bo returned to non-acceptors. Mn C. li ober (s's bg Byron, nj;eil, 8sr..(Driscoll) 1 Ivory's.b g Whitofout. nged, 8st 1 Otb.;.(Francis) 2 Ryan's b g Rob Hoy, aged, 8st 51b ....(Ryan) 8 Elliott's b g Simple Simon, aged, 7st 7lb.. (Ford) 4 Alcorn'f) b g Qiiundong. ogcil, 8st 71b . (Cutta) H. Willis's b m Butterfly, aged. 7 st fllb .(Skuthorpe) _ There certainly was no favorite for this race; the prin- ciple . betting was on one horse against nnothcr. und scarcely anything could bo heard but Simple Simon against Hob Hoy, and Whitefoot against Byron. After a wretched start, Simple Simon got tlie lead, and main- tained it .for thrco pnits of tho way round tho course, followed closely by Whitef.iot. withjByron nndliob Roy a length behind. After passing the'Snwpit gully, the two lutter mn up: tho race between thom was excellent,, the two changing places frequently before passing tho grand stand for thc liest time mund. .Driscoll in tho second round forced the pace, his horse ran up, pasted Byron, and maintained thc lend to tho end with some difficulty. Rob Hoy and Simple Simon followed close upon tho lieids of the first and second horses, but, in spite of flogging, they could not come up to them. Johnny Cutts also mado a hard raco with Quandong against Butterfly, both of whom had been all behind throughout, but each at the finish was determined not to last if ho could possibly avoid it Quandong was in that distinguished position till within 200 yards «if tho winning post, when Johnny roused him up, ami by making a good run homo beat Butterfly by nbuut half a length. Thu race throughout was an interesting and exciting ono) at ono timo u sheet would have covered tho six horses, but j after the first three quarters of n mile tho three couples parted company, and ilia contest wns sovero between each of them; certainly it was not an easy nice for any; all did their best, and as they carno to tho winning post tho first four wera pretty closo togcthor, whilst tho two outsiders were having n capital run tu seo Who should be last. After tho rnco MrRobcrt'a horse wns put up to auction, and bought in by him for £53, nnd this ended the second days spoi t, all having passed off pleasantly. TulRD DAY. Tho programmo for tho third day gave prombo o some excellent, sport ; and, as might ko expected, it drer, a goodly muster ot porsom to tho course -Amongst then WHS a lnrgor sprinkling of thc fair sex: than hail attendee on cither of the previous days. Tho races fixed for thii day were for tho Town 1'lnto, thc Fanners' Purse, tlx Consolation Stakes, and the Forced Handicap. l?or enc), j of them there was a good number of entrances, although nil did not start. Thu first nvent-tho raco for tho Town Plate-"was n very interesting one, ns thero wera seven horses to stare mid three prizes to borun for. In addi- tion, the event included within it a match between dimple Simon and R'.b Roy; tho owner of tho former fancying him some. Mew a little about his speed on the Wednesday evening, when Mr Ryan, with that pluck nnd good nature I which arc chnracteristicsoftlio man, laid a wager of ¿50 thut his horse liob Roy would beat Simple Simon in this mee. Thc £50 being posted, ho soon found plenty anxious to lay livers with him, and hu very readily obliged them ono i and nil. It was quite certain, barring accidents, that Hen I Bolt, even with 9st 91b on his back, must bc first ; and thcreforo thero was scarcely nny money laid about him I except at tremendously lung odds. Zoe having received an injury in the leg ia being got on to tho steamer at Maitland*, and being consequently turned out, waa drawn. I (Jrntisaml Warrior wore «Iso declared not to start : and, leaving Hen Bolt out of thc question, it was pretty clear that thc rncc would bu between Mr B, Richards'» brown horse and Mr Scutliorpc's marc, while it was not alto- gether unlikely that Siiuplo Simon or Hob Roy, or both, would bc j distanced. Their hnndicupping, however, brought them up, and Simon, with Cst on his back, showed that ho was not so simple ns ho loosed, or at luu»t that Rob Roy could not afford to givo him n stone in a three-mile race. Touchotono came out first-rate, and Dunn cer- tainly rode him very well. Tho Farmers* Purso was left for Spider, t,ord Raglan, Albuera, nnd Blink Bonny. This was another certainty, barring accidents. Spider was bound to win the first prize, whilst it was a question whether thu sweep would be carried awny by Lord Ruglan or Blink Bonny ; and a good deni of lovel betting took pince au thorn, in soma instances tri- fling odds were laid in favor of tho horse. Snell, no doubt, did all that could be dono with him to bring him home ; first for the second kent; but Spider, with Johnny Cutts on his back could run cleon away from him. i For tho Consolation Stakes there wero six entrances, I Simple Simon and Lord Raglan wero drawn, loaring thcioforc, four to start. Karolta had nothing to run against-Whitefoot, Quandong, and Ctccping Kuto not standing a ghost of n chanco For thc Forced Hamlicap Euroka and Lottery only ! started, and any odds were laid on thc latter, who it wns protty clear was shfo to win. This waB tho last race, and I although some of the best horses entered wero away, still on the whole wo may say tho meeting was a very lively and a very pleasant one. Wo now proeeocV to describo the last four races. First Raco-The PENRITH TOWN PLATK bf Ï5 sovs; with" a Swccpstako of 4 sovs each added, for all horses, to bo handicapped by tho stewards, or whom th-y moy appoint; ono event, Utrea times round tho courso ; tho second horse to receive tho sweep j third horse to re- ceive £20 from tho funils. Mr. J. Single's c g, Ben Bolt, nged, 9 it 61 h...(Scott) I B. Richartls's br g, Touchstone, 6 yrs, 8st(Duun) 2 H. Skuthorpe's c ta. Annie Laurie, o yrs, "st .u.........(Skuthorpe) 3 I ' C. Roberta's c g, Euroka, aged, 8st 41b . (Willis) 4 I ll. Elliott's bg, Simple Simon, nged, 6sfc.. (Dent) 5 j J. Ryan's b g, Itob Hoy, aged, tat 31b (Ryan, jr.) G J. Rcadford's g g, Un j ah, aged, Sst. 0 ! J. Tait's c tn, Zoe, aged, Ost. dr Q. T. Hone's b g. Gratis, aged, flst. dr C. Eathers b g. Warrior, aged, 8st....,. dr Any odds were laid on Ben Bolt In.this event, while' Annie Laurlo, Euroli n, nnd Touchstone wero all ñamad for .the second pince. Simple Simon, Touchstone nail Euroka jumped off with tho lend, Simple Simon going right ii-hcad, but ho was cut dawn in the tint halfmile by Ben Bolt, who was taking it extremely easy, and who was' followed cicely by .Touchstone und Ann lo l.nurio who were racing each other, and who, before tho second mila was run, left tho other horses far behind. Rob Roy and Rajah looting likely to bo distanced, tho speed of tho old grey horsa being quito gone. In tho .second mund Annie Lande had the stnrt of Touchstone nm! kept it for n short distance, but both changed position sovcral times and made a desperate rush when tboy onmo to tho straight running! Enssing thc distance past, tho two wore woll together, nnd lunn, hy (logging well, succeeded in getting Touchstone to tho winning post a head in adranae of tho mara i Itob Roy improved his paco a little and cama in witit old Rajah a hundred yards bohind tho winner; til ripio Simon had to run as hard as ho was ablo to seouro the fifth placo, and beat his particular opponent oa this occasion, Bob Roy, against whom as wo havo said Ito was matched for £50. Time, 6 nain. 0 seo. Second Rs.ce-Tho FAWUCRS* Punas of 40 eove, with a Sweepstake of 2 sors each added, for alUiorscs that have never won £!>Q nt any ono (¡mo ; woight for agei heats, I once round and a distance. Th's second horse to re ceivotlie sweep. ¡ Mr. E. Do Mestrc'sb g. Spider, 3 yrs. (Cutts) ... ll D. Dintson'sb g, Albuera, nged (Dempsey) .. 2 Gr, Brown's b g, Lord Itaglan, aged (Snell) ... 2 J. Tait's g f, mink Donny, 3 yrs. (Driscoll) ., H.S. Hull's b g, Sir Harry, aged .dr. IÎ. Alcorn's b g, Quandong, nged .dr, C. Iiobcrts's b g. Byron, aged ... ... .. dr, J. Uvan's b g. Rob Hay, aged .. ... .... dr. Betting two to ono on Spider ngninst the field. In the first heat Blink Bonny led nt starling, but did not ruco any distance, being kept in reserve fur Ibu next hunt. Albuera making all the running, Spider cantering nwny before him without putting himself out of the way, the other horses only doing sufficient to save their distauce, with a view to coming again in the next bout; in this Lprd Raglan to >k tho lead, but Spider stuck to him . and sien passed him. Snell making a desperate effort again to get tho lead but without effect, Spider being far loo fast for tho other horse. Third Rnce -Tho CONSOLATION STAKES of 20 sovs, for nil beaten horsos that li iro not been distanced during tho meeting; to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint; one event, about a mileaud a half. ' . Mr. C. Roberta's c tr Euroka, aaed. Sst 41b .r....... furiícoii) i Ivory'« b g White-foot, aged, 8st.(Skuthorpe) 2 J. Hertford s e. rn Creeping ICato, aged, 8st. 3 Ahlcaru's b g Quandong, aged, 7»t 71b.,. G. Brown's bg Lord Hu-lun, nged, Sst Vlb....,.. dr lt. Elliott's b g Simple Simon, Cst....v.dr Euroka wits tho favorito in this race, mid 2 to 1 or moro wns freely offered upon lier, though seldom taken. In the first halfmile the tu are wa« allowed tu lead, but tho moment Enrolen was let.go ho shot by her, and was.fol-' lowed hy Whitcfimt. ' Euroka, never distressed himself throughout, neither of the three being able to moko him run. Creeping Kate and Whitufoot made a good race for second pince, but thc impossibility of either of them doing any mora than this-, rendered the race one of no great in tcicst. *" . lime,2 min 55 sccs, fourth Race-Tho KOIIOBD ilAsmc.\i» of 3 rovs encb, with 20 to vs added, for nil winners; ono event, twice round; to ho handicapped by tho stewards or whom they may appoint, tlunil« Hace-and Consolation Stakes optional., Mr. J. Onus's b g Lottery,' ngeil, 8st.(Driscoll) 1 C. Kolierls'sc g Euroka, 7.-t 71b.(Graham) 2 G. Siugio's b e Ben Holt. aged, lost. dr li. Kich.-irds' b g Touchstone, fi yrs, 7st : 01b.dr E. De Mostrc's b g Spider, 3 yrs . dr Three lo ona was offered on I.oltary, and hot very often accepted. Tho horses got nwny well toe;otUcr, and re- mained so foi- the first round, after which I« ittcry took tho le.nl and ran homo ah easy winner. Time, 3 min 55 secs. This concluded tho Penrith Races for 1858. Never was tho weather more favorable fora rare meeting,and never did three days' sport go off moro pleasantly. Thanks to tho gentlemen who have taken an activo part in them, every arrangement which could tend to tho success nf thc meeting was mudo complete, and wo shnll look ¡forward with some pleasure to next year,anticipating that «c.«hall spend tinco us pleasant day» in the pretty little town of fenrith ns we spont on tins occasion. TORF MEMORANDA, Wo would remind our turf friends that " Chevalier" will bo submitted tt> public competition by Mr Hurt, on Tuesday next. Négociations have been pending between Mr C. Hobarts, junior, and Mr G. A. Single for tho pur- chase of Beti Dolt, at 'as high a figure as £750. but in consequence of a difficulty nrising ns tn tho terms of pay- ment thu oller romnins unaccepted. Tho special meeting uf tho members of tho Australian Jockey Club will tuite placean Monday afternoon, nt the Metropolitan ¡ not on Tuesday, as stated by mistake in our last weeks'article. Wo rogret to leai n from Captain Walker of ike Wonga Wonga, that thc City ol Sydney must have experienced very severe weather oo ber passage to Melbourne. It Is to be hoped that tho horses have escaped injury. Mr G. T. Hone will leave for .Melbourne, tilla day, by tho Euro- pean. 