THE TIMES. OF LONDON. Of its history and trophies _we have not space to speak, nor indeed do we know enough. We have no introduction to the mysteriesof Printing-house-square. We have seen- gentlemen who enjoy, amoricr'their friends, the reputation of ' writing for the Times,' though we question their claims to the honour. We have been assured;.- that this article was written 'by Mr. Cranky, because his wife was not invited to Ladv Palmer ston's . parties — and that because Mr. High had obtained a Government office. We have observed — more, however,, for some year3 ago, than at present — a kind of unity of style in the articles, as if they were written in some cases by young men of talent, and corrected by an old hand. In particular, scarcely, one leader used to be without a quaint ap plication of Scripture phrases. But, however this may be, of the generalex ccllence and marvellous ability of the Times there can be:, no doubt. It has been censured as unprincipled — it has been termed democratic; .yet, on the great questions of the church, of univer-. sity education, and many , others, it has taken a sound and moderate line. It is rarely personal, never immoral .,or irre ligious. ,.It forms a national., taste for good English. Day .after day it flings, upon our breakfast tables essays of transcendant merit. ..There are , men. among the crowd in London 'who can write with the nerve and succulence of. .Tunius, with the pure English wit of Swift, with tho majestic swing and exii-. bprant fancy of Burke. , Macaulay .', has nothing more sparkling, Berkeley nothing more beautiful, Gibbon nothing more ornamented and epigrammatic than, the lenders in the Times. We have read ar ticles- occasionally that were patriotic and thrilling as the speech of Pericles, some fevf — such as that on the. confir mation of the Princess Royal— which had the gravity und piety of. Hooker. It is something to rise above the slip shod of personal politics. It is some thing to read contemporary history, , and to view questions of the- day as they are written by men who have learned - to think from the great masters of antiquity. Aristotle, Plato, ant) Thucydides crop out through the Times. ? Its essayists are generally men into the soil of whose .intellect, the leaves of ancient and modern literature have rotted, and made it rich and teem ing. ? It has been said of Captain ster ling, that he first brought the Times into prominence ,by his faculty of 'redacting into leaders the multifarious babblement of every day.' It -must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle of passing events, gauged' by. immuta ble, principles of experience. Grant that, if it often leads, it . sometimes follows public opinion— grant that it is not al ways consistent, that it helps ministers into power, whom it also assists to over throw — yet, it is -marvellous that such power should exist among us ; more marvellous still, that it should be broughftogether six days out of, .seven with unfailing. punctuality. The pro verbial irregularity of the' sallies oif genius is brought under the yoke. The editor is never at a loss through the in dolence of a Stcele, or . the fastidious ness of an Addison, haunted by the ghost of some happier expression. : The quantity is as surprising as the matter; is generally excellent. — Dublin University Magazine for January. ... . . . 