OVa NATIONAL DEFENCES, Xfym '*. Patriot, was USSR Here is a paper- headed A writ invited by the Defenceless State of England," which our readers will find reprinted in another column. This paper has been widely circulated among ural men, and grave captains in high command are known to shake their heads mournfully, and admit that it is all too true The public are harder of a belief; they are startled by the terrible condition of affairs which these facts open to their view. The paper proves too much, they think ; they can hardly | Malins the fact that England His so open to attack as the statements -the undisputed and the indisputable state- ments there made would compel them to believe. They think the compilers a of this document are trying to frighten them with a ghost story that if they really believe it themselves it is only a proof of their brain-sickness,-a monomania of some people, as our easy- J going gentleman smilingly remarks. One laughs at the matter as a mere stock broker's hoax. Another says, he thinks he has heard something like it j before, and will probably hear a good deal of the ? me sort of thing again. Another thinks it is impossible things j can be no bad impossible any Gov- r- intent could have let them go to such a | pitch. Another like " Horatio, says 'the but our phantasy And will not let belief take hold of him, Touching this dreaded sight," In a word, it is a great deal too unpleasant to believe as long as a man can possibly *. fortify his ears against the story." But there is some thing . about this Paper which distinguishes it from other documents of a similar nature. No man can contradict the facts it sets forth. We are at this Moment utterly without defence against French invasion, it by any mischance wish a thing should be attempted and wails wo exceedingly dislike playing the till of alarmists, and assuredly have no desire to see any unnecessary increase in our already enormous Naval and Military expenditure, we deem it a duty to call the attention of our readers to the startling state of things which is here disclosed. When Polycrates had had an extraordinary run of good luck his prudent friend advised him to make a sacrifice to Nemesis, by throwing his most value We treasure into the sea. We suppose our ministers are so struck with the \- many gifts which fortune has conferred upon our island, that they are trying to Kpitiate the fates in the same way. ey have accordingly sacrificed our Channel fleet- assuredly the must valuable treasure we possessed, because the one on which the safety of all the rest depended. To be sure, the blame does not rest principally with the present ministry. All that can be said against them is, that they have not immediately. tried to repair the grievous error into which the late administration fell. But if they delay any longer, their guilt will be of the most serious nature. Perhaps most people who have insured their lives and houses, and think them .. Miss very safe subjects, are not aware on what this-supposed security really depends. It does not depend on our fourth strength. Our army is almost entirely in India, our militia almost entirely disbanded, our navy almost entirely abroad, or unfit for service. Of the numerous gun-boats we prepared just too late to be of any use in the last war, some are in China, and would probably be just too late in arriving in the Channel, to be of any service in case of a future war and some are so conveniently placed on shore, that it would be simply impossible to get them into water, until it was just too late for them to be of any avail in resisting the enemy. Our line of battle ships are every where in the world except in the Channel I China is safe ; India is safe ; the Mediterranean is safe; the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans are safe-every place is safe except our own coasts. We could I drive, the French out of Tahiti, and the ' French could drive us out of Weymouth. Our Channel Fleet consists of two line " of-lattle (hips, which keep a mournful ' guard over, our shores, like the solitary , half-pay officer who constituted " the military in the Revolution of Stoke Poges. It is not therefore to our own strength that we must look for safety. Is it, then, to the weakness, of our '''neighbour? His army consists of 400,000 men, and he has just raised an additional force of 42,000. He has drawn large portion of his troops from 1 Algeria ; he has completed a railway to Cherbourg, by which any number of forces could be brought in a day or two to that fortress. This port, he has strongly protected by sea and land, and from its quays troops can walk at once on b' and the transport vessels and men of- war it contains in its harbour. The fleet is numerous, almost as numerous as our own bert cr built, better mann, d, , and all within narrow limits, instead of being distributed over the world. Seventy thousand sailors have just been called out to man his navy a large part of which is collected at Cherbourg and that men are said to be aimed with revolvers. In less than a week all the troops scattered from Marseilles to \- Boulogne, and from Brest to Strasbourg, could be collected at given stations in \- tire North and in a few hours as many an the whole force of the French navy local land might be disembarking on or defenceless chores. It it not, there here, to the weakness or inability of our neighbour that we must look for Just, then, to any love borne to us by the Continental Powers, who would intervene to prevent an invasion of our shores of Why should they love us P Our Government is free ; theirs is despotic. They make refugees ; we across them. They wish to suppress the small Free State of the Continent; and are determined that they shall be left untouched. Their interests and feelings are alike hostile to us. We may be a useful ally in war, but for all that they would gladly be rid of us. We. liner thwart than help them. Our freedom endangers their very existence If we are accidentally of service to them as to any alliance, they know it is from an " elevate them, but because we believe it to be useful to ourselves and they bear M no gratitude accordingly. It is not, 1 therefore, to the love of the Cont in neal Powers that we must look for safely. v ?'..' Is it, then, to the respect and affect ? tion borne to us by the Emperor of the TttWih ? We hint at no suspicion. He may be as friendly as he seems but still it is but seeming. He is the man, of the 3rd of December. He is not restrained by delicate traps''?, or he peat professions ; he is more likely to "consult his own ambition than out safety. He possesses the commercial hatred which all despotic powers do to England, with this additional sting t< its bitterness >, that he is the mm kel! < object of the plots indulged in by those ;, railage whom England entertains. He is only a man ; and, however friendly new, circumstances may arise which will induce him to change. Besides, he is not absolute Governor of France. ( He dare not punish the outrages committed by his army. He is become the servant and instrument of his own troops. It is not, therefore, to the respect and affection of the Emperor of the French that we must look for safety. Is it, then, in the friendly feeling of his army towards England ? We know that it hates us, that a few months ago it desired to be led on against us that the most popular of all wars would be one which promised the downfall of Britain. So we are neither relying upon our own strength, nor upon our neighbour's weakness, nor upon support from the Continent, nor upon the French Emperor, nor upon the feelings of the French army. We are relying on nothing ; but like the ostrich, we have buried our heads in the sand, and are relying on our own blindness to conceal us from the foe. Is this the position in which a great nation should be found p If there are no hostile designs upon us, we are at all events tempting them. But how do we know there may be none to-morrow ? Or how are we to carry out our own views where they clash with those of France when France can at once compel us to submission by the knowledge of our defenceless condition ? We have, like Lear, stripped ourselves of everything and who knows that the power we have thrown away may not be used against us, as it was agains'. him ? Sir Charles Napier has given notice of his intention to question Government this evening as to whether they intend to re embody the militia, and once more provide us with tire- in- dispensable defence of a Channel fleet. We shall look further reply with much anxiety. 