BWAIXOtylNO Ali OYSTER ALIVE. UV'JOHN S. DODD, (BOMTAIRK.) At a" lato hour tho other night, tho door of an oyBtor | ?house in our city wna thrust open, and in ' stalked a hero j from tho Sucker State. He was quito six feet high, spare, somewhat stooped, with hungry and anxious countenance, I and his hands pushed clear down to tho bottom of his breeches pookets. His outer covering bard to dofino, but after survoying it minutely, wc carno to tho conclusion that his suit had been rando in his boyhood, of a dingy yellow linsoy woolscy, and that, having sprouted up with astonishing rapidity, ho bad been forced to piuco it out with all colors in ordor to keep paco with his body. In spite of all his exertions, however, ho had fallon in ar- rears about a foot of tho necessary length, and conse- quently stuck that far through his inexpressibles. H is crop of hair waa surmounted by tho funniest littlo neal skin cap imaginable, After taking a position, he in- dulged in a long staro at tho man opening tho bivalves, and slowly ejaculated-" istors"? " Yes, sir," responded the attentive operator, " nnd (Ino . ones they aro, too " " Well, I've heard of isters afore," says ho, " hut this is tho fast time I've seod 'em, and perhaps I'll know what thar made of afore I go out of town." Having expressed this desperate intention, he cau- tiously approached the plate, and scrutinized tho unonscd shell-fish With a gravity and intorest which would have done honor to the most illustrious searcher into tho hid- den mysteries of nature. At length he began to solilo- quize tho difficulty of getting thom out, and how queer they looked when out. "I never seod any thin* hold on so-takes an anwiin' site of sorewin, hoss, to get them out, and ain't they slick and*slippery when they does comer Smooth ns an col! I'vo a good mind to give that feller a lodgin. jist to real- ize the effects, as uncle Jess used to say about speke. lashin." . '* Well, sir," was the reply, " down with two bits, and you can have a dozen." " Two blu!" exclaimed the Sucker, " now come, that's itiekln' it on rite strong, boss, for isters. A dozen on 'em ain't nothin' to a chickon, and there's no Rettin' more'n a picayune «pico for them. I've only realized forty- five picayunes on my first venture to St Louis. I'll tell you what, I'll gin you two chickons for a dozen, if you'll con- clude to deal." ?:? . ,_A wag, who was standing by indulging in a dosen, winked to tho attendant to shell out, and tho offer was accepted. - '?; ''Now mind," repeated tho Sucker, "all fnir-two chickens for a dozen-you're ? witness, mister," turning at the same time to tho wag; " none of your tricks, fur 1'vo heard that your city fellows are mighty slipry coona," The bargatn being fairly understood, our Suckor squared himself for tho onset; deliberately put off his seal- skin cap, tacked np bis sleeves, and fork in hand, awaited the appearance of No. 1. It came-bo saw-and quickly it was bolted. A moment's dreadful pause ensued. The wag dropped his knife and fork, and with a look of amazement and horror- somothing akin to ShakBpcaro's Hamlet on seeing his daddy's ghost, whilo ho burst into the exclamation: "Swallowed alivo, ns I'm a Christian!" Our Sucker friend had oponed his mouth with pleasure a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear, a horrid dread of ho didn't know what-a consciousness that all wasn't right, and Ignorant of tho oxtent of tho wrong the uncertainty of tho moment was terrible. TJrgod to desperation, he faltered out " What on earth's the row?" " Kid you swallow it alive?" inquired tho wag. " I swallowed it jost as he gin it to mel" shouted the Sacker. '.You're a dead man", exclaimed his anxious friend, *' the creaturo is alive, and will eat right through you", added he, in a most hopeless tone. "Gotapizen pump and pump it out"! screamed tho Sucker, in a frenzy, his eyes fairly starting from their Isockets. "Ol gracious-what'll I do?-it's got holt of my innardi already, and I'm dead as a chickenl-do something for mo, do- don't let tho infernal sea-toad oat ; ma afore voar eves". I " Why don't yon put some of thia on it"? in ', quired the wag, pointing to a bottlo of strong pepper : sauce. ¡ Tho hint was enough -tho Sucker upon tho instant soised tho bottlo, nnd, desperately wrenching out tho cork, swallowed half the contents at a single draught. He fairly squealed from its effects, and gasped and blowcd, and pitohed and twisted, as if it were courting through bim with electric effect, while at tho same time his eyes ran a stream of tears. At length, becoming a littlo com- posed, his waggish adviser approached, almost bursting ' with suppressed laughter, and inquired - j "How aro you now, old follow -did you kill it"? i "Well, I did. boss-ugh o-o-o-my innards. If that islet critter's dying agonies didn't stir a 'ruption in mo equal to a small earthquake, then 'tain't no uso sayin' it jt squirmed like n sarpint when that killin' stuff touched it; hu"!", and here, with a countenance of suppressed agony and'present determination, ho paused to give force to his words, and slowly and deliberately remarked, " if you git two chickens from mo for that livo animal I'm d-d"! and seizing his seal skin ho vanished. Tho shout of laughter and tho contortions of tho com- pany at this finale would have made a spectator bclicvo they had all been swallowing oysters alive. 