I MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. me.. . . _ Monday Morning. the arrivals are the Pam Flush, from London, with a cargo of general merchandise and the Amherst, from Batavia, with rice, coffee, and pepper. The arrival of the City of Sydney has put us in possession of Melbourne news to the 10th instant. From the letter of our Melbourne correspondent we extract the following on the state of the markets in Victoria. Business in the import market has been dull throughout the week, and with the exception of purchases for immediate use there have been but few transactions of any importance. Butter of really good quality is scarce, and the few parcels of this description offered have found ready buyers at 2s. 3d. to 2s. 4d. per lb. for new Cork sorts. Candles have been in rather more demand, buyers, however, will not pay late rates, and where sales have been effected, to over prices have been taken. Neva stearine are not worth more than Hld., and Belmont No. 1 sperms 13d. per lb. Teas continue in very steady demand, and being in few hands are likely to support present rates. Good ordinary congous are worth £8 per chest. Fine (trees sorts are rather scarce and bring full rates. Sugars have declined from the late maximum rate about £1 per ton, and even at present rates demand is slug S'sh. Fine bright yellow Mauritius cannot be quoted at more an £45 per ton. Rice is in rather better demand, stocks are, however large, at present rate of about £22 per ton for good Fauna is not likely to be exceeded. Beers of most preferred brands, both draught and bottled are in fair request. Bass No. 3 Burton ale has been sold at 18 17s, 6d, Allsop's at same rates holders are to day asking £9 per hogshead. Bottled beer of best brands, equal proportions of ale and porter, sells at from 9s 6d to 10s, and other brands 7s to 8s per dozen. Spirits of all sorts are dull ; the demand has been light this week, and there is no appearance of improvement at present in prices. The better descriptions of case brandy '" are rather light in stock, and consequently bring full rates, say 39s to 40s per case, in bond', - for O. Y. Co., Hennessey's, or Mar- > ' tell's. In bulk, best brandies are worth about 14s 6d to 14s 9d per case ; W. I. rum, 20s to 30 o.n., 4s 9d to 5s ; old tom, beat _ ,,. brands, colourless, 3s 7d 'to 3s Oil ; whisky (Scotch), 8s 6d to 4s 6d per gallon; geneva, JDKZ, 10s to 17s per case. Tobacco is in moderate enquiry, and prices are unaltered ; Barrett's, worth 4s 2d to 1s 3d ; honey dew, 1s 2d per lb., about same figure. Flour has been more settled this week than for some time past, and a fate steady business has been done, chiefly In Adelaide sorts, at from £18 r 10s to £10 10s per ton for good to best town brands ; barrel flour', light in stock, and none offering. Wheat is of ready sale although not much sought after, at from 8s to 8s 3d per bushel. Darley, utterly neglected. Oats, notwithstanding the late arrivals from San Francisco and the three expected vessels from that port, are reviving, and becoming in better enquiry, Tasmanian are selling to-day at 6s 6d, Scotch at 8d per bushel. The arrivals of maize from Timor have been of late very considerable, the last cargo was however, readily disposed of at 6s per bushel, the description (90 days sorts) Is much liked here, and the quality of the cargo in question was very good. Grain is dull of sale, and procurable at about £12 for £12 10s per ton. Bran, scarce and wanted, sales readily effected: c at 2s 2d per bushel. , From Mauritius, via Melbourne, our dates are- 4'' to the 2nd August. - We quote the following ; from the Commercial Gazette - l 1 Most of our planters are actively engaged in sugar making ; those who are not are anxiously watching the progress of engineers, and waiting with impatience to see their new mills ready to start. The weather has been dry, which has been of assistance to sugar makers, and we trust the caution we have given, and the heavy reduction in prices, will decide the planters to use more care in the manufacture of their produce this than last year. There is very little of the old crop left, an 1 vessels are now load- ing with more of the new than the old. Five vessels have lately arrived from Australia for sugar. The intelligence received being favourable prices of the descriptions fit for that market have been very firm; at the over time the animals in in the market for- Australia has somewhat checked purchases for England. There are no purchasers for France, nor is there likely to be this season ;:. buyers for England will therefore have the market more to themselves when the demand for Amtrx'la is satisfied. Freights are a likely to rule low, and as there will be a large quantity of sugar in the market in another month, operations will be made on a 7 large scale. The shipments of this year will be larger than last, if so the weather does not interfere, as the crop is commenced early, s and there is yearly improvement in the ruins of manufacture. Statistics or On tHE iv LiVEiirooL,-The last of- f oral report of Mr, H P. Voules, one of her Majesty's Inspectors of Prisons, on the Borough Gaol of Liver- < pool, while showing a decrease in the totaCaumberoJE_ _ commitments and in the committals for terms notes ceeding one month, exhibits an increase in those for longer periods, and also in the number of re-commit- y tars" Of the whole number re-committed, 34 percent.. (4939) were old offenders who have been committed four or more times, and 1830 were adult females, tap * ' greater portion of whom were committed for prostitu-, tion, obscene language, indecent conduct, or drunken,, ness. The number of juvenile offenders committed, during the year was 995, of whom 740 were males and". 285 females. Of this number 96 males and 37 females were ordered to be sent to reformatory institutions. The number of prisoners committed during the year was 9193; the daily average number in confinement, 832 and the greatest number at any one time, 878. The number committed during the year to _ Kirkdale House of Correction was 2,168, showing an' increase of 136 upon the preceding year. Amongst the commitments were no less than 16 for murder, 15 for attempt at murder, 6 for concealment of birth, 18 for rape, and 135 for burglary and housebreaking ; all these numbers being much higher than those of the preceding year.. There is one painful feature to be noticed in this year's returns," says the chaplain of the Borough Gaol in his report, is' one, indeed, which been common to all the statistics of Liverpool crime; that is, the large proportion of females always to be found in the Borough Gaol. On one day during the period embraced by this report, 41 women of this class (committed under the local acts and fo drunkenness) were committed to prison, whose united previous convictions amounted to 467 i and, it is almost needless to say, neither the severest prison discipline that, under any system, could be applied, nor the most kindly Christian influence that could be brought to bear, would be of any avail, unless seconded and "I aided by the hand of benevolence and sympathy one of of doors. Twenty-eight cases of this description I have been able to assist and deliver, so far, from ther certainty of further crime, through various agencies within my reach ; but what are they amongst to-*- . many?" What, indeed; as further statistics of the < subject show. The borough police reports of 1805- ' state that there are in Liverpool 695 brothels, 81 houses of accommodation, and 102 houses where prostitutes lodge, but which are not kept as public brothers and that there are 2195 women known to the police as professed prostitutes. It is stated ; further that 9055 persons were apprehended by the police during the year for being drunk and disorderly, 3764 as being drunk and incapable of taking - care of themselves. Of this number 4820 were females and 612 of such females were between fifteen and eighteen years of age. In the report on the police - establishment and state of crime in Liverpool, presented to the Town Council in May, 1855, by Captain Greig, it is stated that 382 males and 63 females were apprehended for picking pockets, of whom 136 males and 93 females were discharged, 209 males and 69 ' females summarily punished, and only 33 males and 11 females committed for trial. Again, 854 prostitutes were apprehended for robbery from the person, of whom 677 were discharged, 162 summarily punished, and only 15 committed for trial. The amount of property stolen by the females apprehended was £3089. Liverpool Albion. (The Patent Umbrbixa.-Beard, Cincinnatti artist, has invented a plan to stop the most inconvenient and, unpunishable Crime, umbrella theft, which he intends to make public at the risk of violating the patent law. I had bought a fine silk umbrella, and started for the , Burnet House, on a rainy day, when I began to reflect ; " upon my extravagance, and to wonder, as I tripped along proudly under its broad and safe cover whether or not it would go the way of all umbrellas, and leave me to the " pitiless pelting of the storm," before the day was over. True, I could keep it in my hand, but' then I was occasionally so absent minded that I would be just as apt to set it down in a public bar room, or even to have it quietly taken out of my hand by some adroit purloiner. Suddenly an" idea occurred. I stepped in a hardware store and purchased a small" padlock. On arriving at the hotel I closed the um relia, slipped the padlock on the wire spring which keeps it shut, and deposited it with the most perfect confidence in the public rack. A splendid looking fellow, with a goatee and moustaches, stepped up with the most perfect nonchalance, and" took my identical umbrella. I quietly sauntered to- ward the door, giving a casual glance at the silk ; but alas ! it was no go-again ! Still worse. What the deuce was the matter ? He looked saw the trap, and the fall of his countenance was exactly the step from the sublime to the ridiculous I had so often heard of, but never seen before. My umbrella was quietly deposited in its place, and the gentleman meekly, saun- tered towards the reading room, and slipped out of another door umbrella less. I was by no means satisfied with one experiment. In a little while I saw one? of the most brazen appropriation of small things (he was especially hard on lunches and drinks-free)-in all Cincinnatti. "Now," said I, is my chance." This customer had an article in his hand she. might, in courtesy, be styled " the ghost of an um- brella," and cotton at that. With a grandiloquent air he deposited it right alongside of mine, and went to the bar. There he picked up a treat > (it was election time, and ate crackers and cheese enormously. Thence to the reading-room, with my eye still on him, and in less than a minute, with a shrug and buttoning up his coat an extra button, he passed in a rapid business manner to the door, picked up my umbrella, with scarcely a glance, as he went along. I was on hand. With a sudden movement he attempted to raise it a go ! Again ! Still failure ! With a decision perfectly Napoleonic, and worthy of the occasion, he was about to tear away the slight obstruction, where X stepped up, and said" Don't do salt 2 I'll lend you the key !" " Ah ! Mr. Beard. He ! A, Strange mistake thought it was my own. Good device ; think I'll, adopt it." And with the most per- , feet ease he put my umbrella down, took his own, and vanished. I was satisfied. I had found out how to keep an umbrella, and now I am on my way to Washington to get a patent for it Cincinnati Courier 1 l . > 