SYDNEY. {FEOH OCR CG&BESFONEENT.;) Svd::^v, September 21. 1858. The absorbing topic nf convocation ii the dig gia;j3. and Eimaltaneously trith die new discovery at the Fiirroy 'River another extensive deposit of the precionr mortal hu b5en found at die Western Pi -Tiling, which divides tie enterprise of the mi grating population. The accounts received from tlie former, though the lucky adventurers are ex tremely eautious what diey communicate, all concur in me Opunon wai me aeptniu tiictc n-iu wwu *??*». most prolific. Great anxiety was felt for the ?accounts expected by the Uncle Tom, wtnebtook op many persons last week. On that' vessel-reaching Knckhampton all the crew exceptive cook and nue leuum deserted her, and the eaptaist iraawbliged to obtain the assistance of {arm labourers totting his -vessel back to Sydney. A large sMfrnnrof gold ii yud tn bay» lygjJrnaW «-to«A^M y* jitde TcMdTiLra every day 'JnuKug jarj|('ie.-eame'-ae--i- ?Mtion with passengers. : 'To-day, a-sfaip of 4000 ?tons has bees bid on. wrfhalliier fittings as she lately came out 'foam England' 'with' immigrants, and it is expected she wiU W fnlJy freighted with ? ardent diggers. ' ' ?: The' .Government haying proclaimed 'the gold field --n Crown lands at and in the vicinity of the . Fitzroy Hirer disemboguing into Keppel Bay. die Calliope, and its tributaries,' have made several . appointments undej- the 'Act relating, to tiold ljcldB,' vis. — Maurice CliarlesO'Connell. Esq. -Com- raissioner of Crown Lands) to be a commissioner for determining file claims and rights of miners, granting licenses. Ac. ; Mr. A. ST. Hutchinson. to Tns Clerk of Pftty Sessions at Bockbampton; Sir. Ii J. Pegus, ditto at Coonabarabran, Cssdereagb Biver; Mr. C.A. Sinclair, ditto at Nanango; Mr. B. Sealey. ditto at Taroom. A Dutch ship, die Hebt, arrived here Yesterday, -from Hob*; Konj. bringing 216 Chinese ; the French «hip St. Foul left that port the name day nith 360 passenger*, and two other vessel* were loading there. Not only from China, bat most Iike.lv from all other parts -if the globe, there will be an* influx into A nstndiau goon as the sew du%overies become known. The motion for the second reading or the Electoral BUI in the Legislative Council has clicked the best speeches delivered during the whole process of licking that measure into shape. On Tuesday tlie fhiuf Justice. Sir Alfred Stephen, entered iute a lengthened review of its . provjsionn, which he Analyzed with the acumen of s practised lawyer and commented on in eloquent language. While ho gave his cordial assent t. the Bill as a whale, be atated bis objection to wbat is called residentiary «n9nige. On Wednesday the. Solicitor-General wound op the debute in a ss~och of considerable length, and tho second raiding was agreed to with out opposition. Tho le;ir::od -reudcmaBtkeu moved . xh»t tlie 11-msc siii'inl ^o into committee on the Bill the next day. whi-.-h ir»y wet by su amendment from Mt. Docker, sulis'itutiug tbe Sth nf October. ?O:\ a division t'io amennment was carried br 9n t n 1 C. and thns a furlht-T de'.ay of three weeks stays its progress. A parliamentary paper. ri'Iativetolie proceedings o!' h.-r M.ij- sty's Khip Iris, in reference-to the macsacre «.1't!ic mister mid two o- the crew of the schooner Ann and Jsnt. on the island nf Tunu*. in Dec^rVr last. x;\?. th'; warder of the crew of tile GuTr'l;. wrecked it Wo-idUrk Inland so l:-i-g aso as 1S3S. was '.aid on t:r: Wb!-« of both UomcH. It stubs' th.it tbe chief \--f tlie Wagus tribe oa the iila;:J 'of Tirana in De cvichcr lust hiviug been seized, a. iKiudrd men of tlie Iris trere Sa-jdcd, wliu burnt the princi|i-iL«L-tt]e- amnfctut aown the ciciii-aat 'arfa^rri»'J:rrutl 'trees. uuil il.'str..yia tlie JjiiiHiias. ic. In tits inmi^ate : ii-.-ight^f.urhuod oi the vil!«jre of tin.- ciiiuf. Two of .the .siiiors. who bad sepsrilcd therasclveA from the ma:n party, n-cre cut off by the savaccs and murdcr -ed. Thence the Iris proccedefl to Woodlark Island, ?where 't lie creu- 'burnt and destroyed *he houses aud ?canoes of the natives. Since the above reprteds no ?freeh outrage has been committed: and it u hoped rthat the retribution visited npon the savages will ?deter them from the repetition of like atrocities in ?the case of ships which may be wrecked -nt their -shores. No remains of die Gazelle were discovered. . An accident of an appalliug oatnre. frith a snddrn .and fatal result, occurred on Friday, last to Mr. Sober! Brouirfrton. of tliis city, collator. In the afternoon of that day he drove oat in a gig to the ' South Head, accompanied by Baron Harness. They .bad some moderate refreshment - at Loftwychee SioteJ, and afterwards walked out ' to nave a, view of -tlie ocean' (as the dsceaeed expressed it) ?from the .cliBs behind the Semaphore. They sat' down near tttie edge of *lie diftt, when snddenly Hainess saw him grasp the edge of the rock in the act of &lEng; ? over, and found to his horror that his nnwarjr com finnion had iallen down a depth of 200 feet on to a 3«dge of rock about thirty feet from the water. Means were immediately resorted to for the recovery .of the body, but these being iiwufficieirt for tho x-nr- Aose, and darkness coming on. the toor fell m re mained on the rock till next day, when he was tmught up in a dreadfully bruised state. It is im ijxmjible to say if life was extinet whoa the attempt was made, but surely «ome adequate means fibonld ?be provided to render assistance ui snefa cases, or in -the event of shipwreck. An uio.nnst was held on the ibodv -yesterday morning, when Baron Hainess de ?Msed-to the Acts sbove stated, and aided that the -rleceaaed had mat been observing -that it was verv «uy jbr twrsous to descend the rock by means of a oope. aaiuessLcautionod him against gninp too -near the edge, to which lie replied ** No fear,*' aud instantly iell over. The Inspector of Police, by \- 'whose means she body was taken from the cliff, de -BCTtbed -the means adopted -br tliat purpose. Mr. 'George Vo«acaok.Enrgeon.derioBedthatbeeKainincd -the body at the police dead- house on' Bohday. The .dothm wen Teiy macb torn; Ike body vat gatte-mtm, ^is if deaA hoi otatrrtd on^r tmxha hour*; i}#rt mat mo JteompcmtiakOf-the&ath;/. anditmuncljtijjr; the ibijnries to -the frame were very extensive, and in -short, from head to foot the fractures, ropton*. and Saoeraxians miie-iuy itatmstve. ThelefHianfl ap ?fjeandameli'torn; and the »oH npo»tiie oaSs allowed rthat an effort sowards feV-^nserrjatiaa had been ' -anade.' Mr. Husbana, solicitor. de|H«e| that the de „ .ceased, who was about thirtr^nr- yens irf age *muT '''MH'trimLiMii Tn i mmiiirnnlinr mrnr*ir»ntx liii««Jf 9u was eonof tce.&te; Mr. Brtn^pton, aqlkator. -of Talwip Squirt London ; wttdeas never sawihn in toxicated. Tbejurrrrtorhedavcrak*5orAbc»aaital Death, ana expressed their epiniba'⁡ Ae edge of 'the cliff Rliould be fencad. . . On Wednesday the Bishop of Sydney laid the foundation stone of a building to be erected at the village or Waverly, about four miles from Sydney, as a school for the daugters of clergymen. The site, granted by the government commands a fine view of the Pacific on one hand, and a wide expanse ?ft faiUa and moodand on die other. I The. company HUsemUed on the bbcasion was Tory wirabrous, and 'evinced a wanainterBst in the proceedings. Prayer ' luLViaft been offered up.snd portions of holyScrfp'nre T--a'l. the stone. w&s; lowered into its place with the HSU*! formalities, oud the Bishop 'said, ' I lay dais founditlcin of a school, to be called St.-Cathi:rtne's. intunaca i»r iiia eenssnon - oi xue oaoEUters oi tne . -dorr\\- of tlio TTuued Church of England and Ireland, * niinistcting in AostraliaL in the name of the Father* «nd of the Sen. and of die Holy Ghost. Amen.'' . The Bishop then addressed the company, maay of whom on leaving the grand aoeampaaied faU Lord ship to his nauenee «t BiahDpgeoart, .-where they ?were bosiritably entertained. On Sunday tiw Bishop ield ja or&UBtiou; at 6t Jo^eV Bandwick, whon Mr. Biebard Leigb, hidieito; ? Catrehut, arms admitted tothetoJy erdBKifa-Deaeoii. Daring fcia Lordt4Hp'«Ute.Tisit-ta tbeflUwnra district, be laid the foBodotinn of m ctrareh «tt VoIloDgooK. ta *e called fit. Michael's. . ' Every one has hau& Htltr. Sarey.^Ite BeUbcalet Araericab'liorae4amer.aMsa-a awmrpilon _f eats Ik ? fcas ?ccompUsbed in the art, originating with him «eK of »obdutng«he most nlncterv boises to a state ofdodliU-. ito has had many ynnih]. one of whom, *Ur. Coward Cheireroy. eagaffeo' to perform the like -bak-at Hr. Bnrrt 1irer^£Ue(,£^Usial^. oa Friday. The novelty, of .the experiment dniw together some 266 persons, among whom' were Capt. H-Lerie. Soperliiteodent of Police. Messrs. A. Oeaisoa, Desa Toomson. Prince, Weekes. and other geutlemea. At two o'clock an nnhmken New Zealant mare, Gve yean old, and rising fourteen hanos high, was introduced tn Hie compsuy. and in louk and conduct fully justified the bad character she had gained Coir vicious and refractory behavionr. Having in very sulky mood-been- induced to enter a box set apart for tlie occasion, tlie tamer entered npon bis ttte a tett with her. and the door was shut. From time to time the outsiders judged, by the plunges and struggles they heard, that the process of taming was an arduous one. At the end of about an hour, Mr. Chercroy rude out of the enclosure on the mare, which he had saddled and bridled for the first time in her life, and it wns eiidjnt t!mt she was completely subdued and. cured of her vicious pro pensity. The sum raised by a subscription commenced last year for tlie purpose of a tribute tn Dr. Bland, amounting to £1066, was presented to that gentle man on Tuesday by a deputation of the subscribers. of whom Mr. Justice Therry was the spokesman. A niece of plate is in preparation, to bear the following inscription, euEci--uUv explanatory of the object contemplated:— ?Presented to tlie Hon. William Bland. M.L.C.. by the colonists of New South Wales. The Australasian National Tribute, of which this forms a part, was subscribed to commemorate his bounties to tho poor and afflicted; bis generous exurtious iu the promotion of education, literature and tha arts; and bis noble and triumphant advocacy of their rights and privileges as British subjects for upwards of forty years.' Mr. Justice Therry nod an address from the svbseribars. to which the -Doctor replied In feeling terms. TJte deputation then Mt down to an elegant luncheon, and an'iuterchange of caBtpHmentary toasts formed an appropriate finale .rtp-hc bnrinesa of nW moraing. ? _ -J^ and Co. report barinc sold 600 of Messrs. H^wl Jfacarthnr'a celebrated merino sheep, connslina of 100 cams, 200 maidens, and 200 full cnouthedieM, at thirty shillings per head. ' .'. Great Defaxcatioics amongst . trc Cubans Lasns* ComissiosEBS. — The Govtmmait Gai'tte of yesterday evening contains a notice from the In spector of Police, offering one hundred and fifty pounds reward, «r fifty pounds a head for the appre hension of Donald Baakin Macdonald, late Com misirioner for the tale of Crown lands at' Mudfee, John Gaggin, hue Commissioner at Singleton, and Alexander Macalister, late Commissioner at Braid wood, who all stand charred with embezzlement of the public moneys. — friz, September 16th. Core of a Don Poisoked with SrsrcHsi*. — A correspondent writes that, a few weeks ago, Mr. Cousens, of Berri Creek, had a cattle dog poisoned with strychnine, which had been sprinkled on a sheep's head to destroy crows. The dog was in violent convulsions, when lu« owner administered half a pint of warm water, with «alt and mustard, having to force open the mouth of the animal with a stick. Having by this means, and by dashing the dog down and pressing bis foot upon him, produced voniiunp, the dog recovered, and was next day assisting to bring in cattle. Oar correspondent adds that this u the second cure of the kind effected by Mr. Cousens.— tUd. 