? « ? REVIEW. {' From tho Athenian).') The Saint and his Saviour. By the Rev. C. H. Spurgoon. (J. S. Virtue.) New l'aik-strort PulpiC. By Hie Kev. C H. Kpurgeon. (Paul.) (Concluded i'rom our last.) Whore are the wovfc-peopto— the toiling working poor of the town— the old men never young, and tlio children always old — the peaked and lean and hungry faces ~ the shambling figures of men and women ragged and , draggled, that half run, half limp from -ho j aquahd courts and flooded ground Hoars where i ' the town's lilooi sleeps corruptly' ? We do not find these in the Surrey JJull. Smug faces, and well shaven faces, and faces round I and (at and smirking aro here,— the sulf same ? faces, smiling dom the tcU-ume places as the \ audience of yestemt gilt's comic pongs and biass band. Dapper rcspcctalle dresses enough everywhere to be »i»n— facts and dresses tliat might he often seen in suburban dances, Mid j wburbui lovo feast; — faces and drosses of ! seemly young men and young woruqu conai- ' deling about connubial lif, pionjieetively, and meanwhile not foisaking each othor's pleasant ; cooiptny, — smart boi-.net*, too, here and there, - nodding ont coquettithly from tho ring of pigeon hole boxes. Im-toad, w« may see what Is luppening uuder the pulpit :— witfjcli that benevolent- hsired and Apparently distinguished connexion of Mr. Casby rending liis lettem— observe, by hia side, lint lean young man who has just marched into his part, stands up in front of that hutted congregation, employs one band as a tempontry visor f r hair his' face, »od seoniB to pray quickly and d, Gantly. 'JW* '' *^&t; irritating owner of « valuable umbrella, lv!l!vlinE i(- rapidly round and lite rally ' UTOn.?.'* '. a PBlt of ?'' congregation nalow a congrceat':1''1. t0°. ohjeeting on pr nci nletoanpeiKion. In (..''V less orderly gather tpg such an act would prouW » n»t. Hero and there in the galievc^ aro a, fuw literary or religious evidences. iv'Wnapuiii are beioj raad, huge books pored over', «nd papors that luok liko tracts a-nnod. A t&b; and trampling of' feet at the doors, mid (lie unpaylng woi Id is let in— up the ftonogallo tiBB, into tho centto, doubling aud turning, fiv«t ind (urging, the humau tide swoops ib. A hush, again. Tho Bible, clasped and tuivoajfl. is borno nluft, and hid on Iho big nulpit, cushion. I'd it we uncover — tho inauy xtjlt hstlfid. Sow, simultaneous with the Bi!-k mi frontiuft iho flssombly, g Imce placard is atilxod : — Bpurgonn Uazaar — P.V. Uefrwli mcnlllooni — Lucluiocvory day, Jtc At. lsit, Blowly liioaRl'uig thrnugh thu throng, the hack of h wlW figure in fei-n in tho distance, mid iiy-sud-by, its front aud oib-Mka fito, as \m photograph, fs displayed from the pulpit. The orb is eclipsed by one 1iand, but only fora second— and re-apjwars full of Jollity;— A brief oni hilarious prayer apparently. And nowomiimo is come— nn exfoediBgly repro linto and lelnctnntly contributing congrega tion. ' L?t us unite in supplicatioo' ? that in the plirans, 111 r- Simrgi-on generally praya tt-nding~ Iwllo iinj oM urn- aids thu ceiling in a tni'iil«i!i and maledictory way. 'i'lio iiru'evatit Infor mation which iiomiiifciH io tlii Alinighiy or the Stale, if ii were i»-t pruidnr., wuuld t-u simply taaiouc In tin pwvor wu lieaid. w»« a petition fur a ICcform, and tint J'silinmujil ini|;ht l-o enablnl not to Ulk, luit to di' Mtiie tiiiiib'.. This is fullonod by a liyinn-or, it the preacher terms it, ' ft sacred shout oi }oy— Hw (Una a favourite one.' And a vocal troll undoubtedly it is, that has a certain prandour and muititudinius weight in it— lifted up and home along upon the breath of ?uch a vast human tide— the sweet women's and oven children's voices imeisecting. it at intervals like a lyrical strophe, dUlinctly heard, blending and yet not submerged by it. Tn musical volume, to our car at least, it failed— «nd yift missed Out sublimity which a Ijutheran Choral might have poafoswd sung by such a crowd— Hue it was— «t*oy r&tc;— and memorable. A vene of a liyinn sung, sitting— another scrap of 8up|-]i&itioi;)-— .suri ?? an'oiher aacred shout of joy- The last etann of this ' shout' thoso who feel are energetically requested to attest in their song — patriotic it ceitiinly is : — The British Islands are (he Loid's, . There Abraham's God is known. Upon tue word British, a atrong, rough, almost nautical emphasis was hid. What we have described occupied nn hour, during which, to nur mind, the preacher was mil ' smart.' Either the mau wlio s»t in th« pulpit behind him hindered him, ,» a back rail sometimes hinders a negro from praying : and, nauticaUy BpeaVing, ho creaked' anil su-aintid as if against » ground swell nmlio A vriud ; it wan not until he nuatcd tUu ttortuoK and got his main up, and his arm tackle io work, and all right fore and aft, tiiat ho iealiSL-d Mr. Walt. Whitman's description of "loafing and leaning at ease," or ' loafing and inviting the soul.' At last he uttered ' his babaric yoop over the roofs of mankind.' ' A young hound,' says old Jay, ' always yelps directjv he comes into the field ; an old one waits till he has drawn something.' Mr. Spurgeon sets off in a yelp or 'yoop' instanter. He never loses wind, though the rate at which he cuts the air is positively alarming. His tcrinons are a ficries of windy combats with Ap. Jlyon, from whom tint personage always slinks off howling, and Mr. Snurgeon invariably fct&UiB; djri U this exultant victor, to one of liis t'i iiiocs (ho devil h represented as troubling a mail n-itli his sins—' You rascal, you don't come troubling me,' in the reply, ' did 1 not transfer your biifiiness !o Jesus Chriht, t)ad debts and a.11 ? What iMn-inets hare yon (o bring them up to uic— I l»id ail on Chiht Go and tell my master— don't come troubling mo.' At the co'ieltMon of another discourse Gabriel is invokoii, Mr. Snurgeon interposing in behalf of ft wiolcliod Hlnusi— (or tbc utter profanity of tiiis appeal, we, have met njth no passage at aJl coi«pjt«l-lo to it. ' The sword of justice is about ro descend .' it is hanging \,y ft single hair. Stop, Uabrie!, slop, uptm liitn another year, till I dig about, him and dung him.' A eilcn-'H, mid the pivachcr cx oiaims, ' t thank ihee, O God! he shall not ilio to-uiglit — perhaps, to-morrow ' Comparo this rant with the appeal of Whilfleld, from whom the invention is pilfered, and bedaubed with Mr. Spurgeon'a peculiar cotracnoss. ' Tho attendant angul is just about to lewa tlte threshold And ascend Iu heaven, /indiliall ho not boar with him the news of one sinner among nil tliia niullitwle reclaimed from tho err. ii of his ways' Then lifting his voice, Wliitticld rxclsimcd, ' Stop, Gabriel, slop, ere you eiif«r Hie sacred portals, and carry with vou Iho non's of oue tinnir won to heavo'n— ' This U Miltnnic. But what if ilv. Spurgcon's mlaptation? Thu aniouut of contempt and jesting ex pended nt tho Suitu.v Hall on the foul fiend, in di-.ma( in the exticmo. Mr. C. H, S|iutj;eon revels iu a vulgar Pandemonium and blood, and smoke, nnu dagger*, and knives, and k: ithiiig howling agents of balo and malison. Sight of that pute ether above the ' smoiie and stir oflh.it dim spot which we csll cattli,' cannot Io had for thu lurid clouds of subterra nean smoke beklwd forth from tho Spurgcouic inferno. His anficln, and archangels too, aro not bolngn excelling in celestial strength, dis charging lofty or lowly behests, posting along the ««ift wind/, gliding down the sunny suits, treading Die starry pavement, or descending teri'iMtt liyhluing jags, agents of wrath and displeasure, hut are ccJealial chxniicleen, con tinually Gapping their wings, and within call ready to core and carry off any rcprobsle wlio is not listening to the invoeatoi'a rapid rant. Scraps of doggerel pnetry, fragments of unin spired and must uninspiring hymns, introduced after tlic negro fashion, ' as thu poet says.' Now and then a Latin phrase, which Mr 9putgoon has picked up as * ftwl might a nail, which it very soon drops, finding it n»rd. Phrases sush astionit inane.it sounds emp'.y — or ccce homo, ' as Pilato tersely exclaims, Behold the man.' Then follow inettphnrs of the Dick Swivdler order, ' Stir the flame of I ila rity with tho wing of friendship,' or, similarly, according to Spurgeonic inaieri&Usm;, ungols ascending thu etecps of glory, liodile.-B ghosts stamping their fi'ei, and anpcls and dying taiota generally speaking in sonnets, irliich, to adopt another Spurgconlnn), appeals to '«- the ' lnogue of Can»Hn.' English grammar is readily di»ivosed of. ' Tlitre it a pooi fellow who says I eould not put six or tuven words together in English giamnmr. Tush upon English grammar— God docs not care lor that !' Books Sir. Spmgcoo equally dispenses with in bis own fssliion :— ' I lovo Butle.'s ' Analogy,' I love l'alty't ' Evidences ;' but I don't i uad them— I don't care to go into the mud for the sake of washing myself clean.' Occasionally tho discourse is enlivened by a stave ofu song from tho ' Bay of UifCAy,' ur the ' Standard (fearer,' and this sort of stutt'; — ' I Ihink the angels aro looking down from the battlements of heaven, and singing ' See the Conquering Hero Cuoms ' ' Now a m - taphor taken from ' Mino Uncle:' — ' Y'nr B'.ul is in pnvru -o tlitt devil ; Christ hns )Mii Uio redemption iiionuy. you tako fniih l--r a ticket, and gel your soul out ufpawn.' Tho future tenw is his strongest point. Tho lost soul appears to correct the Almighty's gram mar. ' I am damned— so is »he lejiy— I fliall be damned— whcB s tdous-ind yi'irs Inn passed away it is written tliil «h«)l 1'C damned.' His potential mocid, tco, is o|)a lautcristic : — '? A man sits do-»n in selfsulli ciency, thinking 1' can' do, all tliat * * I know I iiuggod tlio old iiU'a, into the ' cum, cans, cms.' hut 1 found tlrj cans would hoi I no water.' Jllcre is « jiaesagc on death, with RXijiiinilo parliaHiajiwry Allusions: — ' Tjio grim retgonnt ol tlio House is coining, and he will discover you. Wlrnt viUJw your lot if you have lieon a stranger in liis liousa below, fftjen you find that you may have sat for a iitllu wiiilo in ^.liis House of Commons below, you caunot sit in tho House vf Lords above.'; 'His Alw's are s« rqm«ck».liie an & hyRsn&'s :— ' Ah.i,' fays tliu devil, ' I'/ioco oi Light, i have one «f tliy jewels ' TJiero aro Spiii ffconic indulgence*, it would seem : — ' At noon as a mau Hurts (lod, all liis Kins are fur given— iia't, pvusuut, and to corue.' OC this mlvautages uf immorality, hero k his optuiou :— ' fiyoiii'o lo.ltcsvcn.you must clliuiv pickpockets, and walk aide by i.jdo with drunksids coi tliicvef. There is only one road to bcaven f«r ,Ujo moral sud immoral, for the chlmnev eiretp aai Her Majesty (lie Quocn.' Here is another stloct i!ioi:glit ? - ' The thought struck me Hie other d«y that the Lord will have in heaven somo --( thoso very big sinncif that have guile furili-'i astray llun anybody that cwv livid, the must extraordinary e'ltrnv^ausviB ol vice, jibt to m.iko themelndy cumiilute liy eingirg eomo oi thoao supijtiiu notes ivttie.lt you &nd; I, bevausti wo Imve not (jouu .... Sir aniay, will never be able to utter. I wonder whether one has stepped into this e'n.ipi'l Ihn iiioriiing wIkjiii God has selected to Uke ? id of Iliosf *!(-; uoteB in tlw scale 1 1 ivnise'; I'crhapi tlwve is on9 p'lch h'e. li.! how will euch. a one mug, if grace— flea (jiace— ahall have mercy upon him.' Ash picoa of religious gtnge effect take the conclusion of a walcli-uight aennob :— ' Aud now, my dear irioiuU, mar graco lie givon unU) you, that ye may bo able ti pom out your hearts this uiglill Remember, my hearers, it may seem a light thing for us to asscmlila to-uigiit at hUch an hnur,-bui listen for ona moment ti the ticking of thst clock '. [Hero the piegclior paused, and »m|d folemn silence, evorv ono heard t'm cioik, with ltd tick, lick, tick.] H is UiB tofing of that pulno of ciemiiy. You haar tbo kicking of tlut clock I— it u the looUVup of dentil par suing you. Eii-h tiine itio elooli ticke, death's to ,totep« aro railing an the ground dose liehind you. Vuu will soon untor another year. This yuai' will liave gono in a few seconds- 1R55 is almost gone. Where wiit tlie nuxt year bo spent, my friends ! One lias been apent on earth— wliere will you «po»d |]icjieJt(7 'In heaven!1 says ono, ' 1 trust.' Another mur mnrs, ? Purlia)* I bIihII hpend iiiiue in lull i' All ! soluiun in the thought, but bufor.; lhat clock strikes tn-elvo, sonii; iujie, uiav Iw in hell ; tad. Messed da the name of Om'l ! some of us may be i . Jieaven ! * * * And now, I appreuaiu tho power of silence. You will pkajM u ol»«vf Blriet and solemn Hleni-c until the htiikitujul that clock— and 'et each one spend the time * 'lie p)ease»— [It. was now two iiiiiuiica to twelve, and pro luum) silence rei^iud, tave ulieie subs and gmauaouldliediiiiinctly heard from pwiilent lip* Muking iliu S»vi.)Ui'. 'i'iie ejoek luving stiuck, Mr. Spurj.e«a continuod ] You are now whore you mv-!i ii-iro before— and you never nuver will I,,. flJ,dja wheie you have been to-night ' A icverviid criii ?, Dr. Campbell, nronoonoes -in tlic prejciiur thus :— « U lxo abrupt, blunt, diieel? It i« natmc. is he idiomatic, collo iiuia), playful, dramatic? It is ' nature ,' Or, as I'lyali 1'ugi-am hits it :- ' Bough Jio mav be, so air our liars. Wild he may be, so air our JJufialere. Hut he is « child of Natur and a uhild of ficcdom, »»d hit lioastfu! answer to the despicablo eiiiic is, Him his bright home is in tlio mtting sun.'— Dm enough of this jirato and profanity. ' To preach long and loud ddiiuiition,' e»M gelden, ' is the wsy to be cried up. Wo lovo a man that damns us, and wo run cfier him again to save us.' And now lh» porfunagnca in over— Iii9 evil one has been ul'icolmUr c)uU'«d— ureiisngois luve fljp[»d their wi»g»-tlii) eiile^hjking Uughtir, and iho we men's Utlcra an- over— and the pel former has pa-scd to thu retiring loom to nwoivi' congratulations. Tho boxes are raltlcd at tho doors, but it is humiliating to note (he dead pecuniary Bileuce. Now we are burno along and jammed in tho press at tho Mage i'odi'. Tliemu Ilia Spm^oon family are omctfiiig — ^mcioiisly Uio lillsiious per foruier,bows, and niiulily steps into liis brougham ; at Umen, according to a published repo.t, oven uiiending liis hind for tile fair clloseii to kiss. 