I A SPELL OFF. ' A spell off! How pleasant file sound aye, as pleasant to the pariah of the press as to the ruiner, after a series of batt lings with drift and rock, or other subterranean ills. A spell off! Oh, let me pray for the repose hereafter of Cobb & Co., or Clapp & Co., or Cobb, Clapp & Co., whatever their proper " style''jnay beH«that to me mysterious du ality in *niity, whose Well-appointed coaches, ! skiLEul, careful, and civil drivers, have helped me thus far in my " spell off," and who, I hope, wïû cxuätäxae Buya Mia ga iruna. , lieti not the unclassical accuse me of Greek, for of Plato and the sweet mysteries of the Aca demy, I am as innocent .as. thé Solicitor- . General is of the faculty af shanie,' his' politico-professional chief of ability to con dense, or his politico-ponderous chief of good taste. My italicised " lingo" is barbarous Zulu, and signifies *' to return borne." But I am going to tell you howl came away from home. " The preparatory process is easy to the monetarily marsupial, whose " purse or bag" is lined well enough with what lias been most heterodoncally called the root of all evil-money. The duality in unity afore- mentioned looked me " through," arid on as bright a morning as ever made up the first part of a day of ** Queen's weather," I took my place inside for " Melbourne direct," having first secured a copy of the Star And Times ; the morning appetite being strong upon me, even in spite of the excitement of the already initiated spell-off. Off we go, and leave Mining Boards and Goura of Mines, and incomprehensible bye laws behind us. And now, adieu to thee, oh, Baker of the '40s damages, and all the ridicule of all the Ballarat workl, and to thee, oil bland, but ponderous Robinson Crusoe. To thee, Honest John, and him thou lovest, even Frazer of the Gorgon locks, and speech unconscionable, adieu. To thee, oh Gillies and thy pompous sentences, whose sense but hardly makes them tolerable, and to thee, thou white-tiled " Member for Blackwood," and thy tardy rules for "sluice heads," adieu. To you, ye mildly-seldom- speaking.busincss-Ioving ones, the " members for Buninyong and Creswick," and thou of Steiglitz, the ever absent, and utterly useless representative, adieu. And, oh adieu to thee, Robert Malachi,the recently returned "for Ballarat." Oh, talk away, ye men of ' ftandiug orders," and weave darkly yet your fond "obscurities,*' whereat your "thirty (or .sixty) thousand constituents" stand amized, and wherein judges and lawyers live, and tho impecunious rainer gives up hü insolvent ghost. Adieu, ye orators municipal, whether east or west, quarrel away right merrily together, nor heed demands for water, roads, or other matters, so long as you can have the pleasant fun of indulging personali ties, or obstructing business, because each one of_you cannot liave it all his own way. To these, and thee. Old Ballarat, farewell. We are off through Main R >ad dust and Rodier's Creek slush to the " States," where the only female passenger we have is compelled to vacate her seat on the plea of/lier ticket (a Yarrowee Hotel sub-office one) being invalid ; a most invalid plea indeed, and one the couch agent had better make as seldom as possible. Hiere we turu, haring exhibited our tickdis, and proceed up Specimen Hill on our way. Inside we liave five passengers, including a half "sacred" mining surveyor and a tub of grease. Let nie" not be understood to class the two together, for although the coach proprietor imposed most wickedly upon us " insides" in the matter of the grease, the surveyor neither imposed nor was .imposed, officially or otherwise, upon us. In fact, he was a quiet North Grant malignant, albeit now on his way to the Lerderderg under Aiming Board auspices, there to get as many surveys and fees as the Lerderdergers think fit or necessary. On the box is one lucky individual, who is privileged as a finn il for to call the coachman " Steve," and sit beside him. Horresco ref evens! I subsequently attained to the seat, but was again for a while deposed, as the Ballan landlady's pretty daughter usurped my place, and "Steve," like a sensible good-looking fellow as he was, maliciously swore there was " only room for two,"-titrée of us comfortably enjoying the - seat all the way to " Melbourne direct," after the pretty girl aforesaid was transferred to the up coach we met near the Pentland Hills. But I have anticipated my narrative, and must go back to the beginning. Yet no. I'll haye a " spell off," for, like the Coal hole, Cider Cellar, and concert room Rover, I am " free;" and I'll tell you in my next what I saw and heard on my way to " Mel- ; bourne direct." j I_G.B.G. j 