ODDS AND ENDS FROM FAR AND NEAR. A man called Joseph Bluebeard, was brought up at Beechwjrth on the 23rd as a lunatic. At the Omeo the price of gold lias, in conse quence of competition, been raised to L.3 12s. A party has been charterad^by two traders to prospect quartz in the district. Mr. Healy, the landlord of the Kyneton Hotel, ha* been summoned to the Police Court for allowing a concert to be given in his new assembly rooms, without permission from tho authorities. Mr. Jarret was, on Thursday, fined L.10 for having scabby sheep in his possession. In the County Court of Grant, on the 27th inst., Mr. Simpson, on behalf of his wife,'obtained a verdict for L.90 and costs against Mr. James M'Loughlin. Mr. M'Loughlin had accused the plaintiff's wife of stealing a L.10 note, she was arrested but the case wouid not bear investigation. Tho present action was for false imprisonment. The Storm Bird towed the Bristol into Port Albert on the 22nd. She had been stranded on Wilson Promontory. The crew had taken to the boats, and reached Port Albert in safety. The shipments of gold for the present year amount to 69 tons 4 cwt. troy, the value of which at L.4 per oz. amounts to L.6,043,200. The only shipment of specie this week has been one of L.6,000 in sovereigns to the Mauritius.—Beef is 8r). to lid. per lb. in Melbourne. Mutton 5d. to 7d. The wholesale price of beef is 50s. per 100 lbs.—Dr. Yonl, the Coroner for the city, held an inquest on the 27th inst., on the body of William Hoskin, who died in the Melbourne Hospital on the previous day, from congestion of the brain and its inembrances, caused by fear. Deceased was 35 years of age.—"Pons aelij" in Monday's Age, says that he was sitting up on the night of the 27th and did not notice the unmistakeable shock of an earthquake which the Argus mentioned. At tbe Ballarat Mining Board, on the 23rd inst., Mr. Yates charged Mr. Davidson, a mining sur veyor, with corrupt motives in registering certain claims contrary to a warden's order. Mr. David son alleged that the warden had no power to make such order, and the Bo-ird passed a resolution affirming that Mr.'Davidson was justified in his course. An important decision was made lately at the Warden Court, Fryer's Creek, when Cameron and Co. applied uuder one of the new by-laws which permits the amalgamation of miner's rights for a lease of seven acres of ground. A number of miners • were present, and protested vehemently against the proposed grant, which, however, was allowed. The opposers threatened to appeal. At Gee'ong on Saturday, the man Fogatty, charged with shooting at and wounding Mr. John Moore, who was remanded from last Saturday, was again examined this morning, and a brother of the prosecutor having sworn to seeing him fire the shot, he was fully committed to take his trial.—A ghost is at present favoring St. Kilda with his presence—a proper ghost, whose ice-cold touch can be distinctly felt, and who makes the house, which he, she, or it delights to honor, shake beneath -its sturdy tread. Hcst, perturbed spirit! or somebody may lot a pistol bullet through thy most unspiritual ribs, On Thursday, at tho Eureka, a Chinaman dropped down a 200 feet shaft, in which there were about ten feet of water. Ho was severely injured iuternally, but hopes are entertained of his recovery. A new Masonic Hall lias been opened at Adelaide. • UiiNDiao Total Abstinbnck Society.—We ob serve from advertisement that this excellent asso ciation intend holding a meeting this evening in the church of England school-room, when read ings, addresses, &c.;, will bo delivered. The sub ject of reading, wo understand, will be " The City, its Sins and Sorrows," by Dr. Guthrie, There will do doubt be a good attendance. 