THE CHARDON POTATO [Translated from the French of the Journal Agriculture Pratique, expressly for the Mark-lane Express.] For some six years past a new war levy of the potato, extraordinarily productive, has been cultivated on many areas in the onerous of Many. is known. under the name of " the Chardon potato," because it was obtained by M. Chardon, a farmer at Grice (Sa the), in 1840, from a sowing made with seeds purchased at Mans, which had been ripened in Saxony. The Chardon potato is distinguished from the varieties cultivated, either in fields or gardens, by- the following characteristics;. 1st. Its tubers are long, and rather flat : its skin is glossy and yellow when cultivated in light and sandy soils, and rough and yellowish brown, tinged with red, when grown in argillaceous earth. Its eyes are numerous and deeply sunk in cavities ; its flesh is of a clear yellow. 2nd. Its stems are numerous, strong, and furnished with deep green leaves j its flowers are white, washed with rose, and succeed each other without interruption from the 15th August to the end of September. This variety is late, and ripens its tubers towards the end of October. Up to this time (1856) the disease which has appeared every year since 1845, and committed such great ravages upon the late potatoes, has not touched it. But the Chardon potato is not only an interesting variety on account of its having up to this time resisted the attacks of the disease : it deserves to be propagated, because it is, without contradiction, the most productive point of all those cultivated upon a large scale. Mt Dugrip, to whom ,attaob.os| shipment of 1 loving are the first to direct the attention of agriculturists, committees, and societies, to (his due variety, has produced, On an average per hectare _ WfllajiiiÖW. till. aH«B.ttityit)fotttliClS .plfWfosl'Upojii the same superficies ; tn.».E3u,fc No 18 are the , more remarkable that it constitutes the mean return of the culture of 7 declares 40-acre (about | 17 acres 1 rood 6 perches.) Inculture conducted on a smaller scale the returns obtained have frequently been extraordinary. Thus M. Condray, a farmer in Saint Mary not (Sarthe), bag produced from 3 hectolitres 220 hectolitres, or more than 7 to 1 ; M. Epinette, a proprietor Rt Ferte, Baniird, gathered 33 hectolitres for 1 and M. Velmrin has 18 hectolitres for 20 litres, which is more than 10 times the quantity planted. in general the weight of the tubers beverages between 100 and 225 grammes (from 4.8 oz. to 772 oz ) This potato will pro- pagate itself very rapidly in France, if it continues to be so productive feed remains perfectly healthy; for a great number of agricultural committees and societies have ex- perimented upon it this year (1836,) and we strongly recommend the readers of the Journal d'Agriculture Pratique to follow this year its divers phases of (existence in these attempts, and to take an acre they render in the autumn not of the products We wish to believe that a : will still furnish a constant, if not an at we shall be able Conquest, a unique the beauty of its extraordinary produce, and t anew to regard it as a true variety as well on account of tubers as of a large property in of Starch they contain OFFICE SEEKING IN THE DHTED STATESMAN ending to the disgraceful struggling, and the jobbery practised, to obtain the spoils of office in the United States, the New York Herald says : We give in another column a despatch from Washington in relation to the coming struggle for the printing and binding the Thirty-fifth Congress. The amount of money to be expended for this field will probably exceed two millions of dollars, and the clear profit to the printer is estimated at over 100,000 dollars. For this capital prize in the Government spoils-lottery there are half a dozen applicants, and noisy, ravenous, and hungry. They are backed up by cliques of country editors, whose business it is to talk, coax, bully, swear, cajole, and frighten the members into voting for their pet candidate. There's Steadman, from the west, with his clique ; there's Wendell with the northern and middle States lobby ; there's Banks, with a score of half-starved editors of democratic papers on thesoutíiefa seaboard; Richie, with all, the first families of old Virginia j Harris and Heiss, with a pack of scribblers from the south-west, and Heaven only knows how many more. All these fellows or their agents, infest the grog shops on Pennsylvania avenue, gasconading about their services to the party, drink, shout, and make day and night hideous with their bowling. They fight over the crumbs that fall from the Government table, like the beggar that sat at the rich man's game. Very few of them, so opine however, have any chance for rest in Abraham's bosom. This disgraceful struggle will be repeated with every new Congress until a radical change is made in the system of giving out the printing and binding, From time to time Congress has attempted to reform it by half way measures, which only make the matter worse. The people are swindled year after year under the present system ; the work is done in the most miserable' manner ; the expense is enormous, and the contract is simply a fat bone which is thrown to the hungry dogs in the lobby for a scramble. If this sort of thing is not stopped, we shall have all the political editors of the dominant party quartering themselves on the Treasury during every session of Congress, and the capital will be turned into an arena for their fights over the spoils." A BISHOP NO PARSON The following strange story is given by the Droit :- "Some months back a bishop was celebrating divine service at Corunna, and amongst the congregation was a retired soldier, who recognised the prelate as a man who had served, as a common soldier, in the same regiment as himself, and who, after long continued misconduct, had deserted. Surprised to find a deserter become a bishop, the man made communication to the authorities, and a searching investigation was instituted. It led to the discovery that the bishop, whose name is Pereira, really was a deserter, and that after deserting he went to Portugal, where he gave himself out as chaplain of a regiment. As he displayed considerable knowledge of theology, and was of good address, he was introduced to the ecclesiastical authorities of the district, and they, after a while, gave him a curacy. In this poor, Ko disMnrrnished himself by his eloquent sermons, and after a while he has IUHM to Lisbon, where crowds, charmed by his eloquence, also flocked to hear him. At Lisbon he was before long consecrated a bishop. In 1854, he went to Madrid, where his fame preceded him, and there likewise he excited admiration by his sermons. He was selected to preach on several solemn occasions, and amongst them on the anniversaries of the fatal 2nd of May. Never having been ordained a priest, he was not a real bishop ; yet he administered all the offices of the church as if regularly ordained. For this serious offence he has just been condemned to 18 years' hard labour. The Pope, having been appealed to on the subject, has declared that all ecclesiastical acts performed by the man shall be considered valid; but doubts are entertained whether in spite of this, the marriages celebrated by him are valid in a legal point of view." HORRIBLE ACCIDENT A shocking accident has occured at Mountain Ash, South Wales. A man named David Thomas, who worked as a lime- burner at some lime- kilns belonging to the Navigation Co's Company, was recently superintend- ing the burning of some stones into lime. Having drawn the lower part of the kiln, and got out about a cart-load of time, he thought that the burning stones on the top of the perfected time did not descend as they ought, and he asked his wife, who happened to be with him at the time, if she would go to the top of the kiln and inform him whether they had sunk or not. The wife went to the top as requested, and seeing that the stones had not sunk, but still preserved a level surface, she called out to him and said, "They have not moved a bit." He told her to remain where she was, and he would come up and see to it, and in the course of a minute or so he joined her at the top of the kiln, when, taking up a long iron bar which was kept there for the purpose of thrusting amongst the stones when any hitch so married, he went towards the mouth of the kiln. His wife saw his danger and begged him to keep back from so dangerous a position, at the same time reminding him that if the stones should slip he would be drawn with them into the burning kiln. He said, " Oh, never fear, I will take care of that ¡" and commenced moving the stones with the iron bar. For a few moments the mass remained firm, and resisted his attempts to disturb it, but upon his increasing the violence of his thrusts, the stones began to descend, and, as his wife had predicted, to draw him with them. As he descended slowly the stones closed around him, until at length the lower part of his body became completely imbedded in the burning mass. His shrieks were heart-piercing, and his agonised wife endeavored to pull him out. The state of the top of the kiln made this a work of difficulty and of the greatest danger; and when at length she did seize his hand and endeavor to drag him out, she found to her horror that the burnt flesh yielded to her touch and came off in pieces. At length her cries attracted the attention of a number of men who were standing near. It happened that a boat was passing at the time, and the boatman having lain to to gaze at the accident, a man named Hobbs ran to the boat, seized the boat rope, returned with it to the top of the kiln, and was preparing to throw it round the body of the unhappy Thomas, who was still slowly burning and writhing in the most intense agony, when the boatman ran after Hobbs and snatched away the rope saying it was useless to burn it as he could let them have an older one. He deliberately walked back to the boat, picked out an old piece of rope, threw it to the men, and then went off without attempting to offer the slighest assistance. The charred body of the still living man some portions of which had been literally burnt to a cinder was after some time and with no small difficulty got out. Of course human strength could not survive such sufferings, and he died. The jury were very indignant at the conduct of the boatman and censured him severely in their verdict. How TO LOOK YOUNG How is it that some men, thought to be so old, still look so young, whilst others, though young, must still look old T The cause of lies frequently in themselves. An old gentleman on being asked the reason! said, "I never ride' when I can walk ; I never eat but one elisLjit dinner, j Marjason, got drunk;, of My walking keeps my "blood in circulation, my aimplodiob of events indigestion, and never touching ardent NATIONAL EDUCATION. Trio Evening Post gives the following specimens in illustration at the character of primary instruction in England : Mrs W. H. Brookfield, school inspector given in one of his recent reports the following answers which three children of average intelligence, who did their arithmetic and reading tolerably well, wrote in reply' to questions from the catechism: -"1. My duty toads God is blue in him to fering and to loaf withold your hearts, withold mine, withold my soul, and with my senses to whir chap and give thanks to put my old trust in him to call upon him-to onner his old name and his world-and to save him truly all the days of my life's end, 2. My duty lords my Numbers to love him as thyself, and to do all men as I wed thou shall do and to me-to love, owner, and take my farther end Mother-to owner and to bay the queen and all that are in a forty under her to smit myself a to all my goodness teaches, special pastures and masters to frighten myself lordly every to all my letters? but nobody by would not deed to be trees in jest In all my dealings bear no valid nor ated'iH your arts-to keep my hands from pecker and steel-my turns from evil speak and jawing and slanders-not civet or dear other man's good, but to learn labor newly to get my own leaving, and to do my duty in that state of life, and to each of his please God to call men. 3\. They did promis and veal three things in my name ; first, that I should perance of the clergy, and all his walks, pumps, and valitiesof this wicked world, and all the painful parts of the flesh, so. Spelling being so much neglected, we ought not to be surprised at meeting with the most egregious and ridiculous blunders in history and matters that come under the head of general information. in the papers of the rejected candidates for the civil service, such statements occur as that the Roman walls were built to keep the Tartars from invading the country that trials by ordeal were employed in the trial of Warren Hastings, and were legally prohibited in the reign of t s George I that William Wallace invaded ling-p land in the reign of Henry VIII. that Edward IV. fought at Marston Moor against Bruce, and at Culloden against the Earl of Leicester that the great plot which was discovered in 1878 was the South Sea Scheme; that in the Seven Years' War the Danes were opposed to the Britons in consequence of the massacre of the former, Sweyn gaining the victory, and being crowned King of England that the Thirty Years' War was between England and America that Bannockburn was a battle in which the Scotch were defeated, and Marston Moor was a contest between the Roses that the Alps are in Hungary that Marseilles is on the Rhine, London on the Wash and Germany in the Caspian that the Thames rises in the German ocean, and the river | Cary flows by Taunton and Exeter into the Mediterranean. The same ignorance of the com- monest points of history even of the events and persons of biblical history-is displayed in many of the primary schools in the country, " Who was Pontius Pilate ?" was a question asked by one of the inspectors of parochial union schools, and the answer persisted in by the whole of the first-class was "Our Saviour."" "Who was the mother of our Lord? was another question, to which three of the pupils answered " Adam !" the rest were not able to give any reply. And when the inspector asked next "Who then was " Adam?" all the children roared out "The first woman !" FIELD-MARSHAL, RADETZKY. The death of Field Marshal Radetzky, once before wrongly announced all over Europe, took place on the morning of the 5th of January, at Milan. The veteran soldier had attained the age of 92 years. He was born in Bohemia of protestant parents. It may be said that his whole life was spent in warfare for the cause of legitimacy, of which he was a deeply convinced adherent. Though often cruel during his military dictators, he was always impartial and free from all feelings of spite. He commenced his military career in 1781 as a cadet in a cavalry regiment. He was called to take part in the long struggle with Napoleon, and in 1886 became an ensign, and 12 months afterwards lieutenant. In 1869 fought with distinction under the Archduke Charles at Agrura and Erlangen. In the battles of 1843, 1844, and 1845 he gained honorable laurels, inasmuch as he defended the independence of his country and ntKulm, Leipsic, and Brienne exhibited great bravery. Having been successively governor of Ofen (Hungary)Olmuz(Moravia) and Lemberg (Poland), he was in 1822 appointed commander-general of the Lombardo Venetian kingdom. The French revolution was heard of at Milan, and the people, excited as they were rammed ..... j "of. ."!,"" n,n m\"BA 0f the' revolution of Vienna come, the guard at the bo vernment-house was attacked and overpowered, and O'Donnell, the Vice-Governor made prisoner. Two days afterwards, on the 26th of March, the Austrian cannons swept the streets of Milan ; but the people got the advantage in many points, and every where fought with courage. The history and result of those campaigns in which Charles Albert joined, and which ended by his abdication are well known. The old marshall was loaded with honours by the Emperor, and retained, till 1856, the command of the army in Italy. Of late he has been extremely feeble. THE Bishop OF OXFORD ON PREACIUNO.-The following is an extract from the Bishop of Oxford's Charge "Suffer me to ask and ask it of myself just as much as of you are our sermons what they ought to be, and what labor and prayer might make them ? Is there not in general the taste of essays or disquisitions about them, and is not their merit soundness, moderation, perhaps exactness ? And is not their fault that of dulness? And is not what we want to reach our people, a style of composition the exact opposite of this, one which is intellectual, terse, pointed, dealing in short sentences ; using Saxon words as close to every day life as it can be without pro- fane or vulgar ; being at once impressive in its subjects, its applications, its illustrations, and its assertions ? Should it not avoid the easy uniformity of a man applying a nostrum, and with the living earnestness of one who believes he has all important truths to convey, declare the curse of sin and the blessed remedy provided for it in the sacrifice and perpetual offering of our Lord and in the working of God the Holy Ghost ? Should you not dwell on and proclaim Christ on his cross, Christ in his work of love, Christ in his Word, Christ in his Church, Christ in his Sacra ments and Christ crucified; Christ risen, Christ mediating, Christ saving. Should it not embrace all the variety, and fire, and love which belong not to a mouthful of phrases, but a heart, a mind and soul full of their subject, and that subject eternal life, man lost or man's salvation, and the love of Christ and the working of the eternal Spirit, and the blessedness of the church of the redeemed? And should not all these be delivered as if we were in earnest, because we are in earnest? I must leave it to you to determine for yourselves whether you can best speak, than for Christ from or without a manuscript. I believe generally the best course is to preach once each Sunday a written and once an unwritten sermon, by no means one which has been committed to memory, but one which through fresh offerings of the moment, is the product of thought, and study, and prayer. It would help us, again, in this mode of preaching, if we remembered constantly that for the great mass of our people preaching is, and must be, the great instrument of God used for converting souls," 