iJttfcitc amtttfrmtnt^. THEATRE ROYAL. MR G. V. BROOKE AS HAMLET. MR. BROOKE'S success in Hamlet was quite equal to our expectations, and the whole of the performance had a most tumultuous and overpowering effect upon one of the largest audiences which has ever assembled in the Theatre Royal. With one single exception the subordinate characters were well sustained. The openingoftbepicce, which has often been treated as nothing more than an unimpassioned conversation between two sentinels, was rendered finely and expressively, and prepared the audience as it were to appreciate the numerous excellences of Mr. BROOKE. "The play, to quote from a writer in" Blackwood's Magazine, "is a singular example of a piece of great length, resting its interest upon the delineation of one character, for Hamlet, his discourses and the changes of his mind, are all the play. The other persons, even his father's ghost are important through him,, and in himself it is the variation of his mind, and not the varied events of his life, that affords the interest." And in the hands of Mr. BROOKE Hamlet was not only "one of the most amiable of misan- thrones," but a philosopher, the philosophy of the character being so conspicuously developed as to give weight and dignity to the impersonation. Nothing was omitted that was proper to the occasion, and as soon as we heard the first burst of that personal satire which is a predominant characteristic of Hamlet, we knew that the success of the performer was complete. When the King, surrounded by is courtiers, endeavours by bribes and arguments to dissipate the gloom and resentment of which he dreads the contagious effects, MR. BROOKE most skilfully drew the contrast between Hamlet's own real woo and the emblems of it which constituted the sole mourning of the royal couple, and in lashing the hypocrisy of the King was most effective. In donning the garb of lunacy, the originality of Mr. BROOKE'S conception of the character was also remarkably developed ; the feature of the greatest interest that in which Shakespeare displays the most inimitable address, lies in that double aspect, much of it is intended to wear-having an appearance of disordered intellect to those who are not in his secrets, and a connected meaning to the audience who are, from the commencement of this action disposition to the end, the demeanour of Hamlet would have been consistent with perfect sanity had Ophelia or Polonius divined the cause of his melancholy. In the delivery of the two- sided speech to Rosencrantz and Ghtildenstem MR. BROOKS was excellent. He not only seemed to pour in their uninitiated cars the physical causes of his malady, but in reality pourtrayed the moral cause that was at the bottom of the mystery. We pass over many beauties of the impersonation, which will be in the vivid remembrance of those who had the felicity of being present ; only observing that in all the most familiar scenes he rose equal to the exigency of the occasion, and to our mind his meditations in the churchyard was the finest sermon that was ever preached against the vanities of life. The favourite doctrine which has of late prevailed " that the thinking part of Hamlet predominated over the active that he was as weak and vacillating in performance as he was great in speculation," received a practical refutation in the performance of Jim. Brooks. The vast energy of will with which Shakespeare has endowed the character was highly and expressively developed, and the effect it produced was electrical. We have no hesitation in pronouncing it to be his best impersonation. 