LOCAL INTELLIGENCE YASS ANNUAL RACES The best half|be progrnmnio of these events, which sjtimo since gave promise of producing sob good sport, but which have latterly Tlieir nriucinnl interest in conspquence ofbecoming known that nil the horses, wither two trilling exceptions, were in the hnyf ",the company," has '.icen gone throned few have Geen tacon- ; venieneed by thises or encumbered by 1 1 heir gains. l ; The wenthsr teen delightful — far too ; inticli so— atid Iprnyed-for rain never ; seemed more dlsUin'n on I'hursday last. | The course was llre very bard and very dusty, and equesFnnd pedestrians were repeatedly lost ' brown" study. The | company was gi/jf both days: there was the girl with Ibvd-IIght in her eyd" anil the man yrincsty and good breeding stamped on U'tutcnance — tho girl with out grace or'llishw'ent in' her carriage and the inareout any fixed purpose — the 'leary shmvith some known pecun iarily and lhlnan: organ girl with her i ' sing-n-song'penee;"— indeed, quite u mixture of lo'iol unlovely ; youth with |its peach ldo, and age wiili its silver hairs ; ail.lhi ugly and. i bjeeiionable— jail Ibat wauliful, magnificent, and (sublime. ' c a As the hnridc their appearance on the Bcourse, they in found admirers, and Mr. iHuine's marueled the attention of all Sjbehohlevs. bleed, jj" With lmr pr-U'd and glouy neck and d.ikaud | tu-rj-eye," . Elite picture o!i and good breeding. Her Bhalf-sisler, C\ was even a more pretty 5 pict tire, l boil so line a uiare. Trunby jSwns in l aru, and little Revenge never ffllnoked betfliusliman too was pretty generally «£, and lio proved bimseif Ereally a spleiirdle horse. "Sorrow has drawn her dark mantle over the district during the week, and left us to mourn the death of one whom we thought it a pride to ???r. an esteem while he sojourned with the living and whose memory we will re ?????? he sleeps with the dead — we mean the late John Richard Hardy, Esq, of Hardwicke, ???? sad information was received on the course on the morning of the first days racing, and tended in some sliglit measure to throw a damp over the proceedings ???? races, on the motion of Mr Rees Jones, seconded by Dr. Campbell' were in consequence of the funeral postponed till to-day. The grand " opening day" was Wednesday,April 21 SbqrtyJ)(dbre-tlie.lioiir-named for Starling for tlie . Maiden l'late immense crowds of all ilcscriptions of spectators gathered on tin course, and by the time the horses were drawn up there was a larger conccur-c of people Llian has been seen collected in this district for a long period. After delaying some half hour in procuring weighing scales, the horses were started for the Maiden Plate of £35, for all horses that never woifjan advertised prize exceeding £10 ; weight for age ; mile and a half, one eveDt. Mr. A. H. Hume's b. m. Crazy Jane, by Tom Jones (Douglas) 1 Mr. 11. 8. Furlong's ch. f. Cambric, by Tom Jones (Potter) 2 Mr. J. Moses's blck. m. Venus (>lone) 3 The betting hail been for some lime pre vious to the race in favour of Venus, and even to the lime of starting odds of 2 to 1 could liuve been obtained. Tho race may be des- " "erilTeilTira-few-words: — trnzy— Jnite-jumprd- ofi' with a slight lead, but was deprived of it just before passing tbe stand by Venus, Cambric lying in the rear. On rounding the back of the course, Crazy Jane again went in front, was never afterwards headed, and won easy by a length ; Cambric beating the " goddess of beauty" by about three "lengths for second place. Time— 3 tr.ia. ! see. . T The next race, the 1'mvn Plate of £70, for allhotses; weight- for age; two mile heats"; was as good as a gift to Trunby, us will bb seen by the result. Mr. Mm. Davis's b. g. Tranby, , aged, 1 1 Mr J.,s |Xivi,5) br g. liuvcnge, aguo, ' .Mi-AJisler) 2 2 Mr. P. MeAlistcr's b. g. Buahitmu - ... dr. Any odds oil Tranby, it being supposed that Revenge had only been entered to qualify him as a beaten burse for tbe Consolation Slakes. Tranby went olf with a strong lead, was never caught in either Iteai, and won us he liked, doing the first heat in-4 uiiu.37 sec., and the second in 5 milt. 4 sec. Both horses kept well together throughout, but ltcvenge bad never the ghost uf a chance with Tranby. The closing race of the day, the Hack Selling Stakes of £20, for all hacks; weight for age.; heats, twice round the course; the winner to be sold lor £20: was the best event of the day, and drew furth more speculct.un lliun any other. Mr. Thomas Coil's b. g. Pigeon, aged, r. (Mr, Sitti3) 1- 1 Mr. Grogatt's bill. m. Janglur, aged ... 3 2 Mr. Quail 'sell, m Kate Kearney, 5 yrs. 2 0 Mr. Gorman's b. g. aebusiopol," aged... 0 3 The betting was in favour of junglcr and Sebiistopol, Kutu Kearney and Pige.-tt having but few admirers. Jungier .started with a slight lead, which was soon resigned to Pigeon, who seemed to ' lake wings and lly away," for nothing could overhaul Uie ' old bird" again, and he cantered in with half a dozen lengths to spare, Juugler evidently not going for the heal. In the second heat, Jangler again went off with an udvanlnge, and maintained ii, with a look of mischief, till within three-quarters of a utile front home, when Mr. Sims shook old Pigeon up. deprived Jangler id' the lead, and won easily, Jangler apparently shirking the' ' contest. Pigeon was then put up to auction, and was bought in for Mr. foils for £2G 10.-., re alizing £G 10s. for lite funds. This closed the races for the first 'day. The results occasioned very little disiippnitiluiei.t, for tho principal event was " arranged" before hand, arid the Maiden Plate was ouly a sur prise to a few up and down country shurpirs who thutipht themselves in lite secret about Venus ; but " a lilt le knowledge is a dangerous thing," and the adventurers on .an honest man's patrimony found it so on Wednesday last, for, while labouring under tbe impression Hint. they were in the secrets, they forgot at the same time that Mr. He, me intended run ning honest, and that he hail excellent ' line" of tiic said Venus. They found to their mis- furtune t lint there were " Chicls annul; lliem taking notes" (£, notes) faster I linn they en red I o sport litem. The events passed off without any further disturb ance Uian one brief pugilistic encounter, which ended iu a little, blood mid a friendly shake of the shake of the hand", and I'.te spectators turned away from the course and pursued -"the noiseless tenor of' I heir way,"' some looking as though they had imbibed to excess, an I ottiers — cool, quiet, mid calcu lating — weighing tip their profit and loss in a manner worthy of the counting-house. Second Day, Thursday, April 22. Tltis was r by-day, the Hurdle Race being tho only advertised prize, and that was put down as n walk over for Bushman. The con jecture was enrrcer, and the public hud the satisfaction of seeing Mr. Ala (lister's hnrse walk over for the money. It is a foolish thing to introduce Hurdle Races in our tip country programmes, for It Invariably happens that the event is either walked over for, or made the medium of a litll..' eras-big Wo hope in the future programmes ol' this meet (hnttlioideaof a hurdle race will 1 abandoned — at least until there is a probability of a field being collcclcd. Tho following is an outline of the sport: — The Hurdle Race of £30, - for all horses carrying Uomebii-li WelterWeights ; three times round the course, over nine leaps 3 feet 9 inches high. Mr. P: MeAlistcr's b. g. Bushman, aged.; ( Luwlcij w, o. ThrCe oilier horses were entered, bill none could face tbe leaps, and Bushman cantered round unopposed, leaping the hurdles like a cat. There was some little interest attached to this race in consequence of several bets that Bushman did not " baulk or touch," but those wlto backed the horse's gameness and ability to do his work clean might' have staked a little fortune on the result, for lie bounded over his leaps with such compara tive ease that even the sufferers by his suc cess could not help dropping expressions of admiration. The second race, a Subscription Hack Race of 10s. each, willt £5 added, mile beatsi ter minated in the'fol lowing oidcr: — Air. Hume's Messmate/... (Doilglas) 0 1 .1 Mr. MoAlisler s Spider 1 0. :3 Mr. Garry's Willy the Wcazle 3 2 2 Air. Gorman's Sydney .2 3 0 G. Potter's Woodpecker 0 0- 0 Mr. Grubo's Dandy ; 0 0'- 0; Mr. Downey's Jumper 0 0! 0, Mr. Hitly's Waggery Jack...: .. 0 0 0 Air. Davis's Paddy 0 0-' Q Mr. Violence's Nimrod 0 0 0 The ffrst heal was the best contested race of the meeting, the betting being in favour q'f Messmate and Spider. Willy look the lead. Spider keeping in the rear till rounding (hit distance-pusl, when by dint of severe punish;— ment lie squeezed in between Willy and Sydney, nnd won a beautifully contested ruce by n lenglh. Iu the second heat Messmate rmlicd off with the lend, kept it throughout, aud won hard held by (our or five lengths. The third heat was a mere repetition of the last. Messmate taking the lead, keeping it, and winning easy, Another race was got up by the same system as the previous one, under lite name of u Hurry Scurry of 5s. each, £3 added. Mr. Bourkc's Teazer ...'...(Bourke) 3 1 1 Air. Cut la's Fly .. 13 3 Mr. AleAlisler's Horrocks 2 2 2 Mr. Downey's Charles O'Alallcy ... 0 0 0 Mr. Grogau's Alerry legs... 0 0 0 The first heat was a splendid race. Fly win ning after plenty of Dogging by a neck. The other heats were carried away by Teazer easily, ./ Tltis brought lite sport to a close until to day, when" we hope it will be resumed in good racing style. This DAT,"SATutiuAYi Atril 23. The following arc the entries and probable result of Saturday's sport : — ruLlicans' l'urre cf £fid, for ail horses; weight --fur age ; heats twice round the couric, second horse to receive his entrance ; the winner of the Town Plate to carry Tibs, extra. Mr. Wiilinm Davis's b. g. Tranby, nged. "M"GrDrtvis's Garry Owe?ialias'Libertyr4 yrs; Air. I. AIcA'isler's br. g. Sampson, aged. It is a difficult matter to ell who or what will go for this race, but snotild Snnip-nn put in an appearance it will he a fine race between be anil Tranby, the old horse getting the lict'er of Air. Davis's. Liberty might go to make the running. - — Ladies' , Purse of £35; open to ail horses; welterweights ; mile ami a half heats. Mr. A. II. Iltime's b. ni. Crazy Jane, aged. Mr. P. AleAlisler's br. ir. Sampson aged. Air. G. Davis's Garry Owen, 4 yrs. Air. Williuin Davis's it. g. Tranby, nged. ' It is hard to say which of the three last horses will start, but whichever it may be Mr. Hume's mare will make a fine race of it, and in spite of "duuble-battking" atid other difficulties, we shall give Iter the rtiGC. Hurry Scurry of £15, for all hacks, subject to the approval of the stewards; not to — eai'iw-lof3-tlian.Sst.A-heata-unee round the course. ' Mr. Furlong's eh g. Jolly Miller, aged. Afr. Coil's Ii. g. Pigeon, aged. Air. Gro.gan's blk. in. Jangler, aged. We shall still adhere to our previous opiu'ion. and give J oily Aliller the race. 