MOUiST GAA1IKEB. JFromoorowa Co-respondent.J Mount uambier, .November 10,160S. vv natever may nave oeen me rate ox ou>er disroots from the recent dry season, Mouut Gambler has suffered very little iujary to the crops, which look very healthy and vigorous, notwithstanding the issertioo that this has been the driest season know*, and that to the north the settlers are suffering for want of water. The extent of land under crop is not yet known, nor can any accurate calculation he made with regard to agricultural products generally; but that it must be considerably larger than last year there can be little doubt, while for a future season the large extent of laud now taken up for cultivation promises a yield Car beyond the wants of the district. The erection of two mills is proceeding slowly, but other buildings are going on rapidly. The Telegraph Station and the schoolroom (which will also be nsed lor public worship on Sunday?) are completed, and, of course, ?ive some air of pretensi n to the township. Last Sunday was a Red-letter day, marked by the presence of three clergymen in the Mouut-the Rev. Mr. Don, Presbyterian (who is resident here), the 11 j v. Sir. Woods, the Roman Catholic cur<5, and the Her. Mr. Sheldon, Episcopalian, who are bath itinerant, in some degree. A painful and distressing case recently occurred at Penolu. A black 1 libra, employed about one of the sta tion?, attempted to poison, by arsenic mixed with their .food, the overseer, his wife, and family. She will take her trial at the ensuing Sessions in Adelaide. Another ease also goes lrom this district-a case of forgery based upon the fo-lowing evidence:-A man named Taylor was working with Maddigan in the bush, split ting, and, leaving his mate, he came into the township and* applied for the money it/it in the bauds of the store keeper, and designed for the payment of the two men jointly, but placcd by accident to the credit of Maddigau only. Taylor was told he could not have it without an order from Maddigan. He left, and shortly afterwards returned with an urdef signed with his parmor's name, and obtained the money. It was affirmed that that document was a forgery, and the man was accordingly committed. A brutal fe'low, who richly deserves severe punishment^ the other night went to the miami o! two poor lubras stay ing in the vicinity of the Mount, and because they would not consent to rcceivehis advances, tet fire to ticir miami, and burnt that and all the clothes they had. Can the poor aborigines form a very exalted notion of the white man's civilization and religion in the face of such deeds as this ? While speaking of these poor outcasts, it might reasonably be urged on the attention of the Govern ment to provide a reserve for them, a place set apart especially for their use, else they will shortly be without a "spot upon which to build their miamis; and if this was done and some arrangement made to secure to them the protection of a local resident, a small part of an ac knowledged duty would be performed. It were worth while perhaps also for the Government to try the experiment of establishing a Local Asylum, combining the uses of the Hospital, Lunatic, and Destitute Asylums, instead of continuing to thi; district the confessedly inadequate administration of the public charity funds that has obtained in other districts of the colony. If nothing else were urged, it might be pointed oat that principles of humanity as well as of economy might be subserved by a localizing instead of a centra lizing system, especially as regards districts so remote from Adelaide. The evils of the system at present in operation have been, 1 believe, severely felt by its ad ministrators, who have hitherto been unable to extricate themselves from the difficulties attendant upon it; and when the claims of such a distant place as this are taken into consideration in connection with the impossibility af meeting any emergency that may arise, surely e mc tbing most bo done ere lonp to provide for this and similar cases. The local medical practitioners would, I am persuaded, in many cases afford their services gratuitously. The " Empire Ministrels," who, according to their own accouut, have had 41 immense" success everywhere, made a triumphal entry into the township two days ago in a green trap drawn by a very small and ill-used pony. To-night they are astonishing an ** immense" audience, amid the blaze oi upwards of half a dozen candles, by their performances aud tfceir bad imitation of the Pennine nigger. A rival attraction has appeared in the shape of a brass bind," The Rhine Band/' and a ball completes the list of amusement* to-night. The Lighthouse at Cape Northumberland is ap proaching completion and apparently willbs an exceed ingly strong and massive building. The whole of the upper work with the lantern-room is of cast iron, weighing many tons. The work is proceeding under the direction of Mr. Hyndman, the Assistant Colonial Architect. EAST Tokrens INSTITUTE.-On Wednesday last Dr. Campbell delivered a lecture at this place on ghosts, epiciral illusions, and dreams, in the course of which he related a vu;noerof interesting anecdotes on the subject, and was warmly applauded at its close. After the lecture, Hiss Rowe, Miss Caldicott, and Mr. Gouge amused the company with several songs* Miss Bowe also played some overtures on the pianoforte. An amateur performer on a beautiful little instrument called the zither was accorded great praise and was honoured by an encore. The attendance was not BO large as might have been anticipated, but those who were present appeared highly gratified the enter t&M;&e;&fe; <?f the evening. 