THE JEWS IN PALESTINE. IO TUB BDITOB. OF TUE AHQUS, Sir,-I am sorry again to trouble you with a reply to Mr. Mermelstein's last communica- tion. In so doing I shall endeavor as far as pos- sible to abstain from personalities in which Mr. Mermelsteln so freely indulges, not wish in g to lower myself to the same grade as himself. I cannot understand how Mr. Mermelstein discovers my admission that Dr. Macgowan can bo entrusted with the charity intended for the poor Jews in Jerusalem, when I un- hesitatingly tell him that the said Dr. Macgowan makes the conversion of Jews a business. The terms of his charity is con- version; otherwise they may perish for want, and has, on more than one occasion, evinced the most heartless persecution towards them. This presumption is, however, OB correct as all his other assertions. With respect to en- trusting the same in my hands, whioh appears to Mr. Mermelstein to be a great risk, perhaps Mr. Mermelstein measures my corn by his own bushel, and the old adage of "those who will not trust others are themselves, not to be trusted," is in this instance amply verified. I havo now been entrusted too frequently, and am too strongly recommended, I trust, to be doubted by any honest individual, and hence this pure Mr. Mermelstein uses so liberally the term of robbery toward our aged and pious rabbis. With respect to our Head Rabbi of Jeru- salem, Rabbi Hyam Nissen Abulaffia, he is so well known in the world that I deem it quite unnecessary to defend him. Ho is not only charitable towards his own co-reli gionists. but likewise to all poor individuals, whatevor religion they may profess. And this generosity of spirit, as also his general demeanor, has so captivated the Sublime Porte that ho has long since had con'erred upon him (though a Jew) the title of Chacham Bashaw. Those who know him must bo aware that he ÍB one of the greatest philan- thropists in existence. He has oft-times deprived himself and his family of their Sabbath dinner to send the same to some poor families. The other rabbis, I flatter myself, without giving any offence, will bear comparison with the clergy of any othor denomination. But this pure Mr. Mermelstein would wish your readers to believe that our nlftrnv are a set of fleecers, rohliaw. Ac. Having applied these honorable terms to our clergy, charitable Mr. M. next insinuates fhat because he has not seen my oredentiahj I may have been guilty of forgery! For, " ho would not Bay by whom my credentials were written," " for there are strange thing« going on in the world," &c.; Would ever any honest man Insinuate such a thin«? No, indeed. Fortunately, Her Britannic Majesty's signature and seal are both well known here. There aro sevoral gentlemen in Melbourne who have had direct communications from the Consul, and as such are not so easily to be im posed upon. My credentials have been duly examined and recognised by the elders of the Jewish congregations, so it matters little to me in what light they aro regarded by Mr. M. As for his intended insult, I likewise take it from whence it comes. The next course adopted hy Mr. M. is to pervert what I really did say. " B. 0. truly states that pieces of bread are gathered overy Friday for distribution among the poor," &c.; In what part of my letter did I assort suoh a thing ? What I then said I can without fear of contradiction repeat, and was this-Our " Muabglhim " overseers distribute " Ohollos " bread, and other necessaries of life, on every Brov Shobboth Friday to such of our needy who apply for the same, &o.; " Why (asks Mr. Mermelstein) are these in want ?" Because we have a vast number of aged, infirm, and poor widows, orphans, &c.; No one who is at all in a position to support himself ever dreams of taking alms. Many there aie who when they first arrived in Jerusalem were in fair oircamjitances, but in consequence of the existing scarcity have become reduced to the lowest ebb of poverty and distress, and when such cases are brought under the notice of our Chachamim or Mash gihim certainly they are immediately as- sisted. What a ridicalouB question to aBk I " Why are these In want?" Best assured, Mr. Mermelstoin, we will (notwithstanding all yonr efforts and opposition) endeavor our uttermoat to save those poor and unfortunate individuals from falling into the conver slonists' trap so adroitly spread out with u view of ensnaring them. I am not unmind- ful of the very many kindnesses already ex- hibited towards as by our Christian brethren, and therefore I will not be drawn into religious controversy ; nor will I, in a similar manner as Mr. Mermelstein has thought proper to adopt to inBult mo and roy re ligion, retallato. I will only obBervc, that if wo oven were (instead of being looked upon as God's choson people) "superstitious, professing error," &c;, it Is not such unprincipled indi- viduals that will ever be listened to, for bare- faced untruths, unblushing falsehoods, and unmerited calumny, with the Uko of Mr. Mormelstein's stamp, 1 fear aro scarcely viewed in the light of Bin, and as such tbey never scok atonement. Suoh Individuals may scoutng1 y allude to our great Day of Atone- ment, but no truly-born Christian will be guilty of such a thing. Indeed, it is a fact well known, that in a converted Jew we at all times have found, and still find, a persecutor, bat the contrary In a true Christian, who would never offer his religion in the conver sionists' market. Undertaking to disclose the River Sam batlon is a task I would rather leave in Mr, Mermelsteln'B hands,-a place where I think such characters ought to live, instead ol among a liberal, enlightened, and pacific community. As for myself, I know nothins about Its situation. lu fine, I do hope and trust that an Im- partial public will at once perceive that Mr Mo\ermelstein's observations, assertions, anc insinuations are mere inventions, emanatint from a distorted mind, laboring under son» disappointed mania, and whose derangemen of mind must, to some extent, plead as ai excuse for his insolence. For myself, I shal be done with him, and will rest content ii leaving it now in the hands of your disin terested readers. i Thanking you for your kind Indulgence, I am, Sir, Yours most humblvand oherltpnHv _ _ .. YECHIEL BECHOR COHEN. I P.S. My credentials are open for inspection at No. 7 Victoria-parade. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AI1QUS. Sir,-I am much afraid the Rabbi Cohen who is visiting us for the purpose of solicit- ing our aid to the needy Jews now dwelling in tho Holy Land, will rather injure than promote his cause should he publish other letters similar in spirit to that which appeared in your columns of yesterday. His statements are intemperate, and 1 fear that some of them aro not founded on foots. It will be observed, the Rabbi comes to this colony as a Christian community, to ask our assistance for his own people, who to this day deny our faith-that faith most dear to every possessor of a ''good hope." He asks aid from Christians, and in the same breath abuses the efforts Christians are making to turn the ancient people unto the Lord their God. This is most unwise. For myself, as a lover of the Jews-as feeling indebted to them, under God, for all that is known of Him and of His Son, whom He hath sent-I would gladly relieve them when in distress ; but it is rather hard to hear all missionary effort de- cried by one who asks help from Christians. 1 say from Christiana ; who, if faithful to their high IrvjBt, are bound to make the Gospel of Christ known, not only to "every creature," but " to the Jew first." I read with much pain the Rabbi's severe and untruthful remarks on one whom I have known and highly esteemed for many years. He says of Dr. Macgowan, that he "may be termed as great a persecutor as ever Israel had against them;" he "carried his malig- nity to such an extent that no Jew (even when in the most agonising and dying state) was allowed to enter his hospital until he em- braced the cross and allowed a New Testament to be placed under his pillow. Fourteen or fifteen years ago Dr. Macgowan was mayor of the city of Exeter. Ho was very highly esteemed in his profession, and was deeply regretted .when he left the city, soon after the expiration of his mayoralty, he devote himself to the in*eresU¡of God'i ancient people, by residing at Jerusalem where hohes labored ever since, ondeavorinf to do all he can to benefit the Jews, tempo rally and spiritually. Dr. M. is a member o the Church of England, and is well known ni an evangelical Christian. Perhaps the work will some day hear more of his self denial ant persevering efforts, in the cause of hi Master than it -does at present» It w11 bo forjad that be relinquished a higl public and social position, many friends, ' and a very extensive practice, to devote himself to the work of doing good. With | what ancoesB is well known to many who watch the results of the various earnest efforts now making to impart to the Jews ! "some spiritual gift." I have before me the last annual letter of the Bishop of Jerusalem (for many of your readers may not be aware there is at present a Christian Church on Mount Zion, and all things pertaining to Divine service). His Lordship thus speaks of Dr. Macgowan's establishment ¡-"Concerning the hospital of the London Jews' Society, I can only repeat what I havo said in former years-viz., that it ia in a very efficient state, and a great temporal blessing to many poor Jews, and I trust also a spiritual blessing to some. Besides taking care of it, the two physicians, Dr. Macgowan and Mr Atkinson, attend the smaller hospital of the German deaconesses, and afford relief to a great num- ber of out-door patients." Again, in the last yearly report of the Lon- don Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews, I find the following :-" The hospital has continued to be most efficiently conducted during the paßt year, and your missionaries bear ample testimony to its value as an auxiliary to the mission. Many of the most interesting conversations during the last year have been with Jews in the hos pitul, whioh institution is becoming increas- ingly important. Both the medical officers conneoted with it are anxious to facilitate our access to those who are, or have been, their patients; and if the opportunities thuB ob- tained be used with due energy and caution, the hospital will become the most valuable link we possess to connect us with the Jewish population. All attempts to set it aside by rival attempts have hitherto failed, and have tended rather to defeat their own object. The number of in-door patients in the year I860 was 627, besides 6,736 seen at the hospital, and 4,196 at their own hornea, making the total number of out-door patients 9,931." In the"Jewish Intelligence" of June 1,1858, it ia stated the hospital still maintains its popularity, notwithstanding the efforts of wealthy Jews to supersede it with their own people. These statements are pat forth by the oldest Bociety in existence for promoting Christianity among the Jews. The present is its jubilee year. Its patrons are the Arch- bishops of York and Canterbury, and nearly all the English and colonial bishops. The president is the Earl of Shaftesbury, and it receivea tho liberal Bupport of a very largo number of well known persona of influence and station It isa remarkable fact that Bince tho ad- vent of the Redeemer never has there been so much attention directed to the Jews as at the present time, and the results, as stated by one sooiety ulono, may bo of interest to your readers, and of benefit to the cause B. Cohen is seeking to promote among us. In the latest "Jewish Intelligence," pel last mall, I find the following remarks on tht state of the Jews and the endeavors of Chris Hans on their behalf:-" Many of the Jews, i we moy judge from their accredited organs are deeply offended with us Gentiles foi assuming to ourselves, as they think, a decider superiority in attempting to effect their con version to Christ. Now we are only in the posi tion in which their own Scriptures have pre dieted that we should be-' Japhet has beer persuaded, and he dwells in the tents o Shem.' ' The Lord has given His Messiah, ti be a light to the Gentiles, that He should bi His salvation to the ends of the earth.' Ant the Jews are where their own Scripture predicted they should be-' Thou Bhal become an astonishment, a proverb am a bye-word among all nations whithe tho Lord shall lead thee.' Moreover, by th efforts of this society, wo have dealt wit] them according to their own law-' Tho shalt not hate thy brother in thy heart, tho shalt in any wise rebuke thy neighbor, an not suffer Bin upon him.' We have pointe out to them the evil path in which they bav been walking"; we hove given them the 01 and New Testaments, which are their ow Scriptures ; for the New Testament, equall with the Old, was written by Jews, under tb inspiration of the Holy Ghost ; and bavin appealed to them on the ground of their ow Bible, we have recalled their attention t Jewish patriarchs nnd prophets, and invite them to believe on a Jewish Messia for the sinole purpose of securing their ete nal salvation. Nor have wo in the least mac uje of undue influence; or tried unfa means. It would have boon easy to baptii tenfold the number we bave doue, if we be been disposed to do so. Again and «gai have inquirers left off coming to the mi fiionary, because ho has ioBisted on satisfa tory evidence of more than nominal conve sion. And it may be honestly Baid, that v have risked the imputation ol doing compar tively little, rathol- than gain the repntatic of larne results, which might have proved ui sound and unsatisfactory." And what have been the results of the effor which have been made ? Immense divisic has been produced among the Ja wathemselv with reference to Judaism, as it existed I years ago. many leeling the galling yoi under which they had long groaned, at others, not Insensible any longer to the infini superiority of Mosalsm to BabbiniBm. The has been, consequently, a spirit of Inqui raised, which no efforts on the part of /the a herents of the old system have been able stlflo. Extensive abandonment of Invetera traditions has succeeded. Many, not of t' poor and needy merely, but of those in hi, positions and independent circamstanc have embraced the Christian faith. Not a fi havo sacrificed, not prospects only, but t actual possession of sufficiency, for the m< scanty and precarious subsistence ; wh others have resisted the fairest promises, a endured, without wavering, severe and ct tinued persecution. And, to crown t whole, many have died in perfect pence, ct fessing that all their hope alone was in Jef of Nazareth. Such resulta pervade the history of c society's work from the beginning; a what other judgment does all experiei teach us must be formed from them, than ti the work ia real, and the subjects of it s cere? We entreat our Jewish bretb solemnly to ponder these things. We deel to them-and the salvation of many of th bos been gained entirely by declaring-"ni other things than thoso which Moses and prophets did say Bliould come." Commending these remarks to E. Cohf attention, as well as to those who believi their duty to " do good unto all men," mi more to thoBe who believe the Jews aro cast off for ever, but are still " beloved for fathers' oakes," I remain, Sir, Your faithful servant, CLERICUS TO THE EDITOE OF THE AHOTJS. Sir,-Little can the sympathy which the truly pitiable condition of the Jews in Pales- tine deserves at the hands of Christians be evoked by the display of bigotted prejudice in Rabbi Yechiel Bechor Cohen's letter printed in your yesterday's issue, where be grossly slanders one of the greatest benefac- tors whom his poor brethren in Jerusalem have in their midst-viz., by designating Dr. Macgowan " as great a persecutor as ever Israel had against them,"-as one who " erected an hospital, and had recourse to persecution, and carried his malignity to such an extent that no Jew (even when in the most agonising and dying state) was allowed to enter his hospital until he embraced the Cross, and allowed a New Testament to be placed under his pillow," &c; I will, before I conclude, show the estima- tion in which my friend Dr. Macgowan Is held in Jerusalem ; bat first, a few facts rela- tive to the medical establishment referred to, and Dr. M.'e self-denying labors. The hospital referred to, which stands on the eastern slope of Mount Zion, in the immediate vicinity of the Jewish quarter, was erected by British benevolence, through the instrumentality of the London Sooiety for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews, whose missionaries brought the ne- cessities of the poor suffering Jews in Jerusa lem strongly under the notice of the public. Dr. Macgowan, au eminent physician in the west of England, al the sacrifice of both per I sonal comfort and emolument, had in conse- quence of that appeal gone out in 1841, in u practical demonstration of Christian ohaiity to attend to the physical wants of the nunie rous sick among the Jewish population of the "Holy City." He ultimately succeeded li accomplishing a task which for three yean be had steadily urged forward, and on Decem bor 12, 1844, an hospital, supported b: Christian benevolence, was opened for th sick,destitute, and despised Jew at Jerusalem In appointing servants and attendants io the institution care was taken to selec Hebrews only, that the important partícula of food should be attended to with sorupuloUB attention, and every occasion avoided that could in the smallest circumstance alarm their prejudices. Within a few dayB after the doors had boon thrown open the two large warda were filled with ten Jewish patients, although it had been given out by the rabbis that no Jew would be permitted to enter with the walls of the hospital, under pain of excommunication. The death of a patient, at the end of Decem- ber brought up a difficulty respecting burial, which, however, was overruled ; but on the fatal termination of another case, in January 1845, the rabbis refused to bury the body, except on condition of no Jew being in future taken into the hospital. There was no alternative but to inter the body in a British burial- ground. The panic caused by this measure, wbich induced all tho Inmates of the establishment to leave, WBB, however, of short duration ; and a sense of the arbitrary and unfeeling character of the proceedings of the rabbis, soon brought on a reaction. Although from th's period anathemas were published one after the other, they were die regarded by tho Jews much moro than could have been expected, and were at last regarded only by those who depended on the rabbis for subsistence. But many who had entered and been cured in the hospital expressed their anxiety, that in recovering their health they had lost their means of sub- sistence. The managers of the hospital have adopted no other way of influencing the religious feelings of the patients than example of sympathy and charity, and letting it bo olearly understood as being prompted by Christian principle. Both the Old and New Testaments ore placed in the ward?, but it is left to the free option of the inmates whether they read thom or not. I may add, however, that Dr. Macgowan has often on b13 visits round the wards been surprised to see the attention with which the latter volume is studied. Finding direct opposition fruitless, the Jews were Btirred up to rivalry, and esta- blished an hospital of their own ; but after four years it was closed. They had a very able and skilful physician, Dr. Franke!, who was Bent out by Sir Moses Montefiore, and plenty of funds were collected among the rich Jews in England and other countries,- but to no purpose-the order snd comfort prevail- ing in the Protestant hospital were so superior and the confidence in Dr. Macgown so much moro influential. And yet there hoB been, and is still, a large field for the exercise of all the charitable effort that can bo evoked. I need only quote one of Dr. Macgowan's descriptions of the scenes of suffering around him: " Among the numerous crowds of patients wbich thronged the doora of tho hospital on the dispensary days were objects whoso emaciated and half-naked appearance re- vealed the fact that hunger was the most formidable disease they had to contend with, and that food and raiment were the best remedies that could be given them. To some of those, in whom disease and want seemed to strive for the mastery, the asylum of the hospital was like a blesBed haven of rest. I have seen them when stript of their rags and laid in a comfortable bed give vent to their feelings in a burst of thankfulness and gra- titude. At times whole families present themselves for relief, of two or three genera- tions-from the infant at the breast to the white beard and hoary head of age. These are, for the most part, new-comers, who have expended all their substance in their voyage to the Holy City, and on their arrival hove not found where to lay their head ; or may be they have lived long enough after their arrival to expend all their means of subsistence, and to experience the disap- pointment of all their visionary hopes of a blessed rest within the walls of Jerusalem However that may be, the state to which thes aro reduced Is one of almost hopeleEf destitution. No imployment, no means ol regular and honest livelihood, but only listless idleness and precarious charity. Such is tbe condition of the vast majoiity of Hebrew pil grims wbich annually crowd in great num. bera to the Holy City." I am enabled to state that the number o Jewish indoor patients for tho year 1856 wai 527; besides 5,730 Been at the hospital, ant 4,195 at their own homes-making the tota number of outdoor patients in that year, 9,931 Having thuB disposed of Rabbi Cohen' definition of Dr. Macgowan as a " persecutor' of bia brethren, I must ask your permissioi to show, by two further extracta from m; friend's letters, the grateful and friendly feel ing really entertained towards him by a larg' portion of those whom Babbi Cohen professe to represent. Dr. Macgowan visited Europo in 1849, nn< on his return, in the following year, wrot from Jeiuaulem as follows : " The reception I met with from my oh patients, and the families whom I had beei in the habit of visiting among the Jews, wa very gratifying to mo. It would have con vinced me, had I entertained nny doubts oi the subject, that they ore a warmhearted am grateful people. Some of my former vi tiente and acquaintances had passed int eternity ; others, again, whom I hail neve again hoped to see, were still in exisl once; but, upon the whole, little chang had taken place, either iu persona o things, during my absence ; and I at one resumed my form« routine of labor, as easil as if it had not been interrupted for a singl day. " Among the firBt pa tien tB who claimed rrj assistance was the Chief Bubb!, who fell i with fever about the time of my arrival i Jeruselem. The attack has been a long an serious one, the patient being of the advance age of 78 years. His convalescence has bet protracted by asevere miliary eruption, cor plic&ted; with bolls-which symptom has bet of frequent occurrence in the fevers of ti present year. Attacks of ague have also bet unusually severe, and have all had a tondent to run Into continued fever." And again in 1852 he wrote : "I have a gratifying inoldent to mantle which occurred on our entering into ournt residence. Shortly ufter I received a messai from the Chief Babbi to announce his inte tion of paying me a visit, he came, accoi pauied by about 20 of the most respei able rabbis of Jerusalem, his wife ni two daughters, and some other respei able matrons. Oar room waa filled with o visitors, who when seated, in their Jewi oriental COB tumo, presented a venerable at imposing sight, The Chief Babbi then < pressed his congratulations, and pronounc a blessing on our entering into our ni abode, and also conveyed hia thanks for I good which I did to Israel. On look! round the company I remarked that thi waa scarcely a single individual among thi who had not been my patient. It was tri gratifjing tome that, after «11 the oppositi which I have witnessed from the rabbis the establishment of the hospital, I shot at last receive from them this public tei mony of their gratitude and considérât: for my labors for their good." Apologising for the extent to which I hi considered it necessary to trespass upon yi space, I am, Sir, your obedient servant, J. 0. HOLM 