A MAN SHOT AT HAVELOCK. Havelock has again been the scene of bloodshed, and the affair is so inexplicable : that one is lost in attempting to explain it. A miner, named William Lee according to his own dying depositions, and supported by corroborative testimony, went into O'Callaghan and Richey's branch store, on Friday night, to buy a tin of fish. The manager of the store, Patrick Breen assisted him. A dispute arose as to the price, and Breen pulled down a pistol, and demanded payment for some goods bought by his mates. The dying man, in his depositions, denied any knowledge of such debt; but be that as it may, Breen, according to the testimony, five times shot at his unfortunate victim, and hit him twice. He Lee lingered through the next day, and died on Saturday evening. Breen's ac count of the affair is entirely different, but the testimony of all the witnesses goes to disprove it. He says the deceased was one of six men who attempted to stick up the store, that two revolvers were presented at him, and that the men suddenly made off without taking anything, through hearing a noise in the road. He followed with a revolver, and shot Lee and another man. In answer to this, the neighbors did not hear more than one person in the store. Lee was alone just previously at another store, and he was not known as a man of bad repute —on the contrary, was thought to be a respectable and honest character. The circumstance of his giving two names remains to be accounted for. Apart from this, it would almost appear as it Breen was laboring under a mental hallucination ; and indeed we have heard it said, though we cannot say with what truth, that he was subject to fits of temporary insanity. One other thing must be mentioned,—Havelock Havelcok is infested with a gang of nightly depredators. Last week a small store was entered, and nearly half its contents cleared away ; an hotel was also stuck-up, and the contents of the bar robbed, even to the remains of the meat that was used for supper. Perhaps the knowledge of these robberies had rendered Breen nervous to a degree that deprived him of a proper control over his senses; at any rate there has not yet been brought forward any cause of ill feeling that he could have had against the man he shot; they do not appear to have been acquainted; and supposing even that he was under the impression that the man or his mates owed him money at the store, it is scarcely possible if he were in his right senses, that the collecting of a debt for his employers could tempt him to such a horrible deed. It is only due to Messrs. O'Callaghan and Richey to say that they are most deeply concerned at the unfortunate occurrence, and that neither of them were at the store. The excitement at the White Hills has been immense. Owing to the lateness of the hour at which the evidence has reached us, we are only able to give a hurried account, but the fullest particulars can be gathered from the evidence taken at the INQUEST. On Sunday afternoon an inquest was held before J. M. Laidman, Esq., District Coroner, on the unfortunate man, when the following evidence was adduced;— W. Kidd, storekeeper, First White Hills, deposed that on the Friday evening in question the deceased, Edward Lee came to his store and asked for something to drink. Gave him a glass of porter. The deceased behaved in a most respectable manner while in his store. Joseph Bell, drayman, residing at the White' Hills, deposed that about 10 o'clock on the evening of the 23rd inst. he heard an altercation between the two men respecting the payment for some goods. He recognised the voice of one of the parties as that of Patrick Breen. Heard Patrick Breen state, in a loud tone of voice, that unless he received payment he would shoot the other man. Itspector Hare deposed: I was present at the time the deposition now produced was taken. Patrick Breen was also present. The depositions were taken before Mr. Call, Police Magistrate, and signed by him in my presence. Depositions taken before F. Call, Esq., P. M. on Saturday, April 24th : - Edward Lee said: I believe myself now to be in a dying state, past hopes of recovery. I now see before me Patrick Breen. Last night, between the hours of six and seven, or about dark - it might have been later—I was on my way from Maryborough to Havelock, and when passing O'Callaghan's store on Havelock about half a mile from the Police Camp on my road home, I went into the store to buy a box of sardines. The man before me (Patrick Breen) with another man, who looked like a digger, but whom I did not know, were die only two persons in the store. _ They appeared to be drawing something from a cask, but I am not quite certain what it was they were doing. When I asked for the box of sardines I addressed Patrick Breen. He came near where I was, but on the other side of the counter, to serve me, and the man whom I supposed to be a digger then left the store ; Breen and myself being the only person then left in the store. On my asking for sardines Breen said he had not any, and I then asked for a pot of salmon, which he supplied me with. For the salmon I paid him 2s. With that he immediately turned round and took something from the shelves behind him, but I could not see what it was. Ae then hastened to the door of the store, and pointing at me a revolver pistol with his arm outstretched towards me said, "Unless you pay me some of the money your mates are going to cheat me out of I will blow your brains out." He then pulled up the trigger. I said "Why you are not going to fire, are you?" He: said, "Yes, I am going to hit you;" upon which he pulled the trigger, being then three or four yards from me. He then said, "Mind, you are hit." The pistol went off, and I felt blood trickling from my belly. Without saying anything more, he fired another barrel of the revolver, which shot me again in the belly. I ran out of the store, past Patrick Breen, and I believe he then fired another shot at me. I heard the report of the pistol, but it did not wound me. I hastened away as fast as I could for Dr. Cooper, on my way exclaiming that I was shot. I drank a glass of ale at Kidd's store, where I remained half an hour or less, and I did not drink anything more between that and time of being shot. Breen was asked, after being duly cautioned, , if he wished to make any statement. He answered in the negative. The jury returned a verdict of willful murder against Patrick Breen, and the Coroner committed him for trial at the Castlemaine sessions. GUANG V. CEMENT.—We -have heard the judge often who while inditing an invitation for breakfast to ą friend was called upon to sign a warrant for the committal of a criminal: happening to be oft the" same name, and inadvertently misdirected them both, tbe consequences of Which was that his friend was frightened into an apoplectic death, and a noted malafactor escaped; but that yarn is only a ghost to a bit of "an accident which happen ednot long since not far off:—-A shipowner received a large order from a contractor for Roman cement to be' used in tbe" stuccoing on the-front of an extensive pnblic building; now it happened that about the same time a farmer—of the same name as the contractor —Javored our shipper with an order for the same quantity of lading in guano. Our shipping gentleman being full of business himself, left both, matters in the hands of his manager, who not being vieiy well "up " in the articles with which he had to deal, caused a wrong delirery to "be made; error being infectious the workmen did n»t find it out till the whole front of the bnilding was well manured and bringing forth an abundant harvest of fugitive grass seeds; nor did the unfortunate and misguided agriculturalist discover his sbare in the results of this mal-substitution of materiel till his once rich and prolific fields were converted into a vast wilderness of something very much resembling asphalte pavement. The consequences of the denouement we should suppose, niay be "imagined łut not described," "as the penny-a-liners always say. MOUNT WILLIAM.—Tbe seehe from the summit of Mount "William is as grand and picturesque: as those to be' viewed from any of the Alps of Europe. The' setting sun lit up the massive, basaltic rocks that shot up from the summit of the various mountains like columns of -ruby—a gorgeous temple based .on the dark rolie of misty forest gradually deepening with the blackest shadow,— giving the appealtinee of unfathomable depth to the gorges of the mountain. The naked limbs of the great stringy bark trees so white and skeleton~like—the deep silence so still, solemn, and painful—the solitude, the con- sciousness of being so far removed from tbe haunts of man—all tended to create a sensation of un/lefinable awe. We sat in silent wonder, watching the rays of the departing snn as they illumined the highest ridges, and gradually left them in the intensest darkness. I sketched the scene, and treasured up;in my memory the glorious effects which I was privileged to witness, and hope some day to find time, to deplete them in another fashion. " ROB'BEKY AT HAYJ-XOCK : ONE OF TH,E BOBBERS SHOT.—Telegraphic information has been deceived at the Police-office, Sandhurst, that the store of Messrs. O'Callaghan and Kitchey, at Havelock, had been broken into by six men on Saturday night, about ten o'clock. The store was left in charge of the ' storeman, Patrick O'Brien, who, on bearing "the noise, went to the door, and was met by i the two foremostjrobbers,.each of whom pre- j seated a Revolver at "łus Bead, and demanded j tlie money in the place. He refused, when two otiiers of the party went behind the coun-j ter and took "the casb-box from the shelf on ! which it was .placed.- Before they could.make off with O'Brien; had time to get-to łus revolver, with which-he. fired four shots at the party, who 'decamped; leaving-' the casbir bor on the floor. One of the shots, howeireirj took effect on .one of tie men, wounding him so severely in the abdomen" that he was unabletomake his ijesc^pe^Ldł,the ottes.. „-pn b^ig itónpf^etónie^fjMęsaa Wolloy, "alias tj^ ^di^^e appearanee of-beuig an old 'haM^it^tó^łiie noped that the police wiU soon'succeed~imapprehending the other "five amen.—Ben&go;&dvertiser.; 'l' r '. , HAKD. Siomr iś» f xoop HEAI.TE.—• Hkrd fetudy is'generally thought to- be adverse to liealth; ^d,- jconsequently, studentsl * "Paleness of countenance, nervous weakness, ;and headaches, arę cultivated or because ihey are supposed to "indicate euperiori intellectual gifts. has cost many a good fellow hiis : lifel Wo man, or woman either, ever ^killfed liimself-"or Łerefelf wifliia^dfitódyJ-'^i^l^óf^;; but inany letting fond of IńtSlecr tual occupaihiHij"" wilŁl ;phy,6ic^, ? inaction, has fallen a victim ^jMoipiered-^gf 14 " young, temper to stand .dijBrjxiae Shbcfc^^fi^ •s .miserable world , -as Jhisl v^iSPiiy'' 'iiil^ orld ie a brave wo4d^wo^y,to,^e tibje welling(plBcC' , ef ^ihs ^^tioblest-^crp&ureB;, KJ^ever'mlaaV; i'Eis W;£Opa^|or' die mmpleton who does not kiow Łowiło take care óf )iip»self—who mistakes neglect of-dały fpr culture of mind—who goes moping and moaning about, because his * i^dust sits uneasily upon his weakened stomach, thinking it to be the proof that he is too delicate" or' too refined for the hardships of HUNEIN condition. Up, inan, drearoer, fool-pgrTplunge into the healthgiving, joy-inspiring waves of yonder ocean, wliiio summer lasts; take a cold shower-bath in winter; walk long disnces, if you have'the"time; swing the dumb-tells, if you liave not. Cold water, vigorous exercise, bard study— these are tlie conditions ofmoral, mentel, nd bodily health.. All lands of devils, as well as blue devils, flee before these mighty enchanters; even the leader of' them all, the eld Prince of Darkness, fears dumb-bells, cold water, and an active brain, more than be did Martin Luther's inkstand. 