A SPELL OFF XIV Is these anything as tiresome as «right angledr mah of facts, and dates, and croan tities, and other horrible exactitudes an of goodnatnred Gradgrind, a mn them« rico »tatisäoal compendium, a locomotive "notes Vithom any « queries," cropping out all ove with quotations, ratios and totals, ever read, to determine everything by inevitable figure! end coming down, " like a wolf on the fold, apon the dreamer of dreams and the conjuro up af fiur though flimsy fancies ? Gentle reader, I met such a one the other day, and I was as completely snuffed out as ever a poor wight was. " The facts of the case are these," annihihUfd me at once. He was not one of your heavily feed lawyers, who» " facts of the case, my lad," or " y'r honor,' or " your worship," as the phrase may happa to go for the nonce, may be as purely ima ginative as it can enter into the heart of mai to coneeivet bat a man to whom the Arabic numerals, in all their combinations, are a familiar and subservient as is the art o blarney to the "People's Government," anc in good truth, to nearly all sorts of Govern ments. This person cot np one of my at tempts to " pointa moral and adorn a tale,' . tn one of my ? Spell Off" yarns, by such 2 two-edged sword of facts and dates as left mi literally not ashredofprobsMe hypothesis upoi which to retreat with my pretty little strinf of conjectures. Dear reader, if you can fine out what 1 refer to, you are welcome to tb« discovery, which 1 trust may profit you ; but if you cannot, depend upon it the gods art against you and are disposed to befriend m< in my extremity. If you fail to penetra» the matter of my defeat, I will take it as t good omen ard go on my way rejoicing. O: one thing, uatheless, I certify you. Mj good- hearted but extinguishing GradgrinJ will read this and pity mr. Oh, reader, be indulgent and do so too. I am going on mj journey now. Leaving Geelong the road to Ballarat ascends in the course of a few miles to a considerably more elevated and level tract of country ; the view of the town, with its wide-spread array of residences, gardens, and fields, forming a pleasant picture from all parts of the road. To the right one sees the beautiful Bay of Corio, Point Henry and its smoking limekilns, and the high ranges beyond, to the left the picturesque peaks and gorges of You Yang, the distant forests about Steiglitz and Mount Egerton and Blackwood, and swelling undulations of fertile and frequently cultivated ground everywhere. Let one make his exit from Melbourne which way he may find he will not have so fair a panorama to turn round and gaze upon as the traveller has when ascending westward from the shores of Corio. A few miles further on and the Barabool Hills are seen afar off to the south ward, glowing in all the varied hues of a rich and highly cultivated territory. But of the fertile fields, and the vineyards full of clustering and luscious grapes, and the orchards, and the gardens, and the somewhat mythical coal mines, for which these beauti ful hills are so celebrated, I cannot stop to talk about. I only wish I had a nice little farm there. The Barwon is now visible winding along in and out through a narrow valley, with rapidly rising banks on both sides, and the country immediately contiguous to the road becomes pleasanter. On The other side the deep ravine through which the Moorabool flows is visible; and one sees also the railway embankment and glistening town of canvas and wooden houses already gathered there. We now pass another coach called the Washington Express, and down into the rich valley of quiet rural Batesford we go, and as the weather is fine, and the gardens are full of flowers and fruit trees and vegeta bles, and there are pretty reaches of meadow land to look upon we begin to enjoy the journey in good earnest. On we proceed and pull up at a forlorn looking place where stands the Eureka Hotel. We stopped for no other purpose, as it seemed to me, than to permit of Phaeton moistening himself. An awful power of imbibition have these coach men. I know of nothing but a Ballarat water race ground with which their faculty of absorption can be compared. No matter how many hotels are stopped at, or how many invitations to drink are made, coachee is always ready, unless when humor suggests a cigar by way of diversion, of the current and passengerial benevolence. At the Eureka Hotel, we were overtaken by the "Washington Express." Upon the Washington or " Little Go" as it was uni versally called, our coachman evidently looked with dignified compassion, and divers jokes were exchanged between the two freights, as to the supper the one should order for the other at Ballarat. But on we went at last, along a straight line of road through a dull dreary country to the Clyde Hotel, 14 miles from Geelong, where we have our first change and get dinner. The rail way line passes this place at about a quarter of a mile to the left hand as we ascend. Here too, the spirited " Little Go" caught us again. Our next stage brings us to Lethbridge, a small dreary looking place, but boasting three public houses of which the Victoria, where we halted, is the best and has attached to it a fine large well stocked garden, quite refreshing to look at in so otherwise dull a locality. Our journey thence lay along seemingly endless reaches of road straight as an arrow, through pleasantly wooded country, till we came to another group of public houses midway between Geelong and Ballarat. There were only two public houses, and by the regular rules, observable in these things, the other houses, if any other there were - a fact of which I am at this moment extremely doubtful - could only equal them in numbers. The two public houses were exactly opposite each other, and why we should stop at one and not at the other I could not divine. At last I fancied I had lighted upon a clue, in the presumption that Phaeton was a citizen of the smartest nation in all creation, and therefore enamoured of independence, take what development it might, and fond of a name even that had a smack of filibustering about it. Well we stopped at Champion's, and Champion, being independent of everyday practice in orthography, had a board outside his house on which, like a true republican, he spelt sardines "sardiens," and spirituous "spiritous." This laid my inquiring ghost, and I was at peace. A few miles more bring us to Meredith, a green and fertile neighborhood, abounding in public houses alive or dead, and possessing a police station, two or three private homes, and a wide spread of land suitable either for dairy or arable purposes. There were three large pretentious hotels, to wit, Gosling's, Watson's, and O'Keefe's. The latter was utterly defunct. Watson's was either dead or in extremis; and Gosling's (there'a nothing in a name) was evidently monopolising whatever of trade was doing in the place. Here we had our second relay of horses, and turning to the left at right angles passed the shut up deserted hostelry of the O'Keefe. I gazed with a teetotal eye of dubious sympathy at the lonely spot and soliloquised-- The house of poor Mr Patrick O'Keefe is most unmistakeably gone to grief. I have a notion that of all persons bitten with the hotel-building-phobia in this colony our friends from the Emerald Isle are the most affected. If I have not been blundering in my observations, Irishmen bear an undue proportion to the general race of Bonifaces. How is this ? Is it Father Matthewism in re- action, or has a hotel- keeping life some special charm to an Irish man? Common tradition teaches that the landlord, like the Pope, leads " a jolly life," and is not bowed down by hard work, and this fact may give us an inkling of the cause at work in the issue raised. I think it is Micky Free who describes himself and fellow-countrymen as not being superstitiously wedded to a love of hard work, for he says -- or Lever makes somebody say somewhere I know-- " I haven't a janius for work, It never did run in the Gradys; But I'd make an illigant Turk, For I'm fond of tobacco and ladies." Assuming, then, this Irishman's picture of his compatriots to be a correct one, as it possibly may be the, tine one by whki to acçount j fix ^gesÊmA¥^^t^t^àtb*^BSbéaûB».i diggers towards the "public line", of ibasi aess. Then it would only take a cross between an Irish O'Grady and an English Skimpole to make such an unfortunate adventurer as I fear me was the Meredith O'Keefe. After passing O'Keefe's house we run along through level park land, having the cleared line of the railway on our left hand for miles running parallel with the coach royd. Passing the Stoney Rises Hotel we turn at right angles again nearly, and cross the railway line, which now runs on to the right of the road. We now drag through bogholes on to the Plank Road, and pass through another heavily-wooded country, to Burnt Bridge, and thence to Corduroy, where we change horses again. Corduroy is a pleasant place, has a good hotel, with a fine large garden attached, some comfortable cottages, a store or two, and forest all round everywhere. At Corduroy we take in six horses, the same number we had on leaving Geelong, having run the intermediate stages with five only. We now begin to anticipate the end of our journey. The sun is low in the west, and as the road lies through the forest princ¡pally it is a ' little gloomy. Soon we enter upon the outskirts of the ancient, and slow but fertile and pleasant village of Buninyong. Garden after garden, cottage after cottage, field after field, meadow after meadow, betoken the early set tled nature of the locality. The wood around and grassy mount now comes full in sight on the cast, while the soft and mellow light of the setting sun is glinting welcomely through green glades on the western side of our forest road. We now enter the Main street of the township, and cry a halt at Sellick's Hotel. Then on past the raga and bare poles by the road side, which remind us of the bustle of the Union Jack rush, past the now deserted gully from, which "father Adams' hoped to see fortune and fame arise for Buninyong, over the bridge and up the acclivity which leads to the Ballarat Plank Road. Now we rapidly pass by one spot after another. One Eye, New Chum, Scotchman's-outposts of the great Ballarat host of gold diggers, that " grand army" of miners, literally of every nation, and kindred and people and tongue, whose brave industry and indomitable enterprise-I am not now discussing motives-have laid, in this place where less than eight (S) years since was the dense forest, a vast and silent and unpeopled wilderness, the broad foundations of a city which may exist and flourish for ages in the future. On rolls the coach, till that old familiar Black Hill looms up with its wrinkled white face. Now we pass the world famed Prince Regent and Canadian, with its nugget and "jewellers' shops." Past Dal ton's Flat and on through as ragged, wretched, dilapidated, and poverty-stricken an entrance to a town as anybody could wish to see or not to see. I never pass by there without wondering at the magnanimity of the Geelongese under all our pragmatical tauntings. Now our Phaeton urges his steam ing steeds at a smarter pace, and on through the Main Road past the Red Hill, the States, the Charlie, the Monte, we dash; past the Duchess and her juvenile dramatics, past the Glasgow and its pugilism, past other hostel ries numerous, through the flowing tide of Saturday night Main Road saunterers and shoppers, on over the Yarrowee, and past the ugly Government offices into Lydiard street, and so on to our last halting place at the George ; right glad to have thus safely completed the circle of our journey, as you, my poor reader, are glad to have come to the end of my fragmentary and gossipping " Spell Off." 