THE S.CENE IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. . The lively and talented correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, whose singularly humorous,: interesting, and well informed letters, are gener ally known and much admired, gives an admira ble' sketch of tbe scene in the House of Commons during the debate on the Conspiracy Bill, which terminated the official existence of Lord Palmer ston. The following is ah abbreviation : — London, Saturday Evening — Another ' fortui tous mncoursa of atoms.' Nemesis has been nimble, and Yeb is uvenged. Mourn. Morrison (of the pills), mourn. Howl, Holloway (ol the ointment), howl. Balm is there none at Oldridge's, and Rowland's Kalydor is 'a hopeless renovator of the bloom of a complexion delapidated by a tumble into the mire at 74. Quackery is a drug in the market. Cngliostro has played his last trick, and the sainted Privy Seal affixes that in strument — it is to be hoped not a la Handcock — to tbe final testamentary deposition of his chief, setting forth, as such documents of such witnesses of the truth do, that honesty is the best policy. The Cabinet have been in council of course to day. Let us trust the sitting has not been so secret as to have precluded the introduction of a photo grapher by means of a latch-key. Priceless would be a reflex of the virtuous image of Clan ricarde meditating on the contingent remainder of his first quarter's salary — 'the virgin page, white and unwritten still,' of the treasury cheque-book looming, in mocking purity, on his mind's eye. What gems of physiognomical rarity too, for the edification of the Lavaters of hereafter, anxious to know what the ' appendages were like,' would not be daguerreotypes of lemon-gloved Vernon Smith, in the green and yellow melancholy of ' resignation ;' Wood, with that wonderful air of chronic surprise he always wears, rendered still more amazing by tbe astonishment on tbe occa sion ; Lewis, always looking like an owl, and now trying to look like a brace of ditto ; nnd Sir G. Grey, with all the anathemas of exclusive per fection in his vinegarised' aspect, now endearour ing to be ascetic towards tbe loaves nnd fishes, instead of his fellow- creatures. Nor would it be love's labour lost to gnze upon the effigies of an tique Cupid of the broken bow, bis final arrow shot, and he all of a quiver himself, if the re mains of last night's tumultuous agitation sar vived, as doubtless was the case — for the effects of so spasmodic a paroxysm are not to be got rid of in a dozen hours, especially when the nervous irritability of the present is kept up by a con sciousness of incurable humiliation for the time to come. Palmerston was in a frenzy for tbe first time in bis parliamentary life last night, or st least shammed the lunacy so well that it would tiike a battalion of mad doctors to have traced tbe diagnosis to a detection of the simulation. And enough he had to drive him delirious. The po sition of Actsoon while being devoured by his own dogs was a flea-bite compared to the badgering he went through. The more he suffered, and the /more he Bliowed it, the fiercer were the yells, tbe mow unbounded the delight, of tba omniverous pack that fell Upon him. Such a scene hasnever been witnessed in this generation at all events.; and probably Barry's new houses will be, as old as Westminster Abbey is at present, before they hold such another ? It was not till a short time (towards midnight) before he rose that the thought of his sitting down an extinct ? minister seemed to enter any body's head as a possibility ; but, ere five minutes elapsed, that possibility became probability ;. and, ere another five were over, the probability almost deepened into certainty. The enormous majority of 145 the previous night on the India Bill, only about 50 being calculated upon, seemed to con solidate his dictatorship beyond reach of design or chance, save death itself. ... The faintest notion of bis defeat seemed as illusory as tbe Urquhartine tableau vivant, or rather mouvant, of the chopper and block on Tower Hill. Still, the idea was canvassed by speculative loungers about the lobbies, but only just as one would muse on the abolition of the national debt, com pression of crinoline, dividend from the Thames Tunnel, or some hallucinating something of that sort. . . . Just about this time, mayhap, Hayter would be seen hurrying into the library. Bless us '.has he seen tbe ghost of Coppock, and has that perturbed spirit been upbraiding him with indiscretion * What can be the matter with the Right Honourable Goodenough ? Observe tbe dejected haviour of his visage, like C. Kean's in Samlet. He puts not the fore finger of his fat hand to the side of that most knowing nose of his ; neither looketh he iSide-. ways, nor at his toes, nor over his shoulder; but, straight ahead, point blank, yea, very blank, and excited withal. . . . The quietude of the Opposition freezes the miserable Taper with mis givings he knows not what. No scouts, no touts, scour the vicinage for the enemy ; but this he interprets as a sign of conscious strength ; and he shivers in his skin, or rather in bis parchment,' for his cuticle is already of dried sheep. . . . But hark to the cheering. Singular sounds. Not from Treasury Bench come such percussion ary plaudits — there is heart in them, and that's what Hayter abhors, for it is a bore, and gives trouble, and prevents business being put upon an understandable footing at once. Again ; louder ; yet louder still. What can it mean ? Gladstone is up! and lo, as the boa constructive of phra seology is coiling round his ' noble friend,' the joints of the latter creak, and members shout their satisfaction at the articulation. Pause knows he ] none ; on and still on piles he high the barbed period, easy and earnest, beautiful and almost sub lime, but never approaching to the other step. He draws near the close, and then makes that solemn appeal that thrills every hearer — bow that the world of mind has been rolling back upon its axis these ten years past, and what profanity it would be if England were now, in this supreme hour of freedom's travail, to aid in tho crabward work. A hurricane of ' hears' sweep the area, like the rushing of the wings of the rock, in Sin bad's valley of diamonds, as the glittering gems of rhetoric flashed around, and the sparkling speaker sat down. Up rose, not a rock, but a rook, a raven, yea. a bat, Bethel, to wit; but his uprising was a signal for the resumption and prolongation of the acclamations poured upon. the preceding orator. . . . Bethel proved twice too much. He showed the Conspiracy Bill was ready before any one thought of clutching- suspected conspira tors ; and succeeded only in demonstrating that he would be twice as clever if only half as cunning. Disrali soon demolished him ; and rose upon his ruins to infinite favour wth the bouse. He, too, stripped to bis work, and went to it without dis guise. ' Begin, murderer, leave thy damnable faces, and begin ;' and so he did. How far his mind was in the matter, how far complicity with the middle-aged mountebank of the Tuileriesand the patriarchal conjuror of Cambridge House may have exercised a mental reservation in the ' honor among thieves', ethics, is best known to himself. But, to all appearance, he seemed to feel that, as one of the trio over the way was tottering, it would be only a piece of Christian charity — begging his pardon for applying a baptismal adjective to his Hebraic pronoun — to give him the coup degrace, in the manner of bis fellow Tyrian, in the Cru saders, who cried accipe hoc, as he presented the object of his attentions with six inches of cold steel in the stomach. He— that is the gentleman who speaks daggers, not the one who uses them — delivered a twenty minutes' address in his best serious style ; and when it became perfectly clear that he meant to vote for tbe amendment, and equally clear the reception of his intention by thoje about him, it was felt the ' hour bad struck,' as Kossuth says, and that the betrayer of Kossuth was about to meet his doom. And bow did he meet it? Like himself — defiant as Bothwell when the sword of Balfour of Burley had transfixed him : — ' believing nothing, hoping nothing, and fearing nothing.' The comic old gentleman was decidedly tragic, or at least melo- dramatic now — Surrey melo-drama, hover ing between bathos and burlesque. He began in a towering fee-faw-fum strain ; but it was palpable at a glance that the bottle holder had ceased to be judicious ; was groggy ; struck wildly, and drew, no blood. He first fell upon Milner Gibson apropos of the charge of inconsistency against himself, and tried to retort with a Billingsgate tu quoque; but it was quite a miss, and1 was felt, and shown to be felt to be so ; Gibson having Eiven up piace woen ue resi^ueu ijnuupie , Palmerston carrying any principle to any place, and this not once, but a dozen times over. A growl of derision broke forth all round — the first that had ever met his ears. He sprung as if stung by torpedoes, and glared indignant, not with tbe sneering scorn of Lord John, when Bouverie and the round robin rebels revolted against tbe last of the Whigs, but with the air of a bully. The time for this sort of thing, however, had passed awny. ' Go, make your bondsmen tremWe,' seemed to be the shibboleth of the self-emancipated serfs, as they laughed at their deposed Czar, for it was from the Liberals chiefly, especially those below the gangway, tbe derisive cachinatiou came. What, Palmerston laughed at! — the wolf bearded by the sheep, tbe cat belled by the rats. Even so. Indescribable grew the consternation, as tbe news flew through the building, provoking incre dulity and stupefaction as though tbe Thames had taken fire, and was burning the structure' down with that which should put the flame out. The more be went on the worse he got, and the worse be got the better use his contumacious tormentors make of their advantage. Again and again and again he repeated tbe charge of Gibson's foreign predilections at the expense of England and of liberty, and again and again was there a roar of contemptuous scoffing at the puerile slander. The uproar went on crescendo, amidst a chaotic chorus of oh's, all's, bun's, bugh's, question, gjoans, and zoological eructations, of all sorts, which Mr. Recorder Warren no doubt eonsiders a practical plagiarism from tbe famous scene of the same sort in Ten Thousand a Year. The Premier had 'o'erdone Termagant,' nnd from.; the bellowing of a bull of Bashau, and tho po3 turizings of a gladiator, [not the Dying one,] ho I dwindled down to a lamb-like bleat, and most j Turvydrop deportment. Procvmbit hurni bo3 . might be said as he dropped into bis seat, after tho ' failure of his Tipperarj tactics, his Donnybrook j fair diplomacy; and nothing remained but to register the decree that should expel the antique Adam from the Edea of Whitehall after halfa ceiitury's tenure of the Paradise of place. The question was then put for the Government : motion, and the Palmerstonians whooped 'aye' as | harmoniously as could be expected from gentlemen j with the rattle in the throat. When the turn of . tbe Gibsonites came, a broadside of 'noes' went off that caused Speaker Denison to jump in his chair with all the alacrity which tbe thought of a general election and a possible possessor of his presidential chair may be supposed to inspire. . -TUe ayes to the right and the noes to the left,' he cried; and off the positives and negatives pro-; ceeded to the poll. .. . . The time glass on' the clerk's table bad been turned down, and the electric bells set tinkling, summoning tbe great jury of the nation to say shall England be En gland still— the 'inviolate isle, of the brave and : free' — or be made an apanage of the imperial Gaul, through the instrumentality of our own Brummagem Brennus? The sand ran out, and the bells ran down, and the doors banged to, and the silence of the tomb reigned whilst the grave work of the undertakers went on at a funeral pace indeed, for it seemed as if it never would come to an end ; every minute appearing an hour. At last the tops of the returning column began to he preceptible, and the main bodies flocked in each side of the Speaker's chair, the most intense eager ness to know the result being exhibited by the throng of strangers* illustrious and otherwise, pressing to the focus. Presently Gibson and Bright stepped into the middle of the house, taking precedence of Hayter and Brand. To the initiated eye half a glance told all that this move ment implied. Ere the tellers could tell a word the exultant shout of the majority bad proclaimed that the Exe had retraced its course, that Old Old Hats would cover the head of the Temples offici ally no more; and that tbe Caius Gracchus Rowcliffis would never again have to ask Civis Romanus of Tiverton what Ministry will he join next, for be will never join another, though he may disjoin several. When the numbeis were proclaimed in tbe usual form at the table, the cheering was reiterated over and over once more, and still another time, and another after that, and then it began afresh. It wasn't merely the majority;- that was much. Hut there Was more. The majority was brought nbout by Gibson, and, infutively seeing success, Gibson associated Bright with him. And there stood these two men triumphant in the area from which it bad been hoped they were for ever expelled by artifices worthy only of that which they now stigmatized and chastised. What a spectacle for Manchester, with one ef its dumb ' ghouls' looking lugubriously on ; fit emblem of the pocket borough of tbe Minister's to which Cottonopolis had been degraded by its clique of Little Peddlington intriguers sweltering in mortified vanity because Bright and Gibson appraised them at their worth. And where was Cobden ? Every one felt he should be there too. isut there was better than he — far better, w no t Akroyd, who turned him out on the China fraud, and got in as a puffer of its author, and yet has been obliged to assist in branding him as author also of tbe greatest indignity any Englishman had inflicted on England since a British sovereign and cabinet were stipendary tools of a foreign sovereign. Tbe Unadorned well knows that Akroyd's testi mony to this fact is worth a thousand Cobdens in such a ca«e, though in any other it would take a thousand Akroyds to make balf a Cobden. Tbe supreme bitterness in the Premier's cup is that it should have been presented by Bright, who, of all men, he most abominates ; for be alone has pronounced him to be what last night's vote affirms ; be bad said that he was to the upper and middle classes what Feargus O'Connor was to the lower, and the very reverse in every respect of what he had succeeded in palming himself off as. Bright had not spoken in the debate ; nnd so far the Minister escaped what none but Bright could administer. But to have been teller makes up for the taciturnity with terrible interest, and the occurrence must put some singular cogitations in the head of the bishop-nuking disbeliever in original sin. 