EARLY TRAITS OF THEATRICAL HEROES. Some people complain of the unsatisfactory state of uncertainty in which most dramatists leave their readers and spectators, as to the ultimate career of their Dramatis Person®, and although some feeble efforts have been made by some enterprising authors to avert this ground of objection, by slaughtering nine-tenths of these individuals in the la6t act, the objection is still applicable to the majority of dramas; and it is to be hoped that the indefatigable research which a few weeks since delighted the world, and relieved the anxious hopes and fears of thousands, by bringing to light in these columns the family events that signalised the career of the "Stranger", and his wife, after their very unceremonious and abrupt exit from public life, and which ferretted out the vicissitudes undergone by the Hardcastle family, may again be exerted to unravel the mysteries whidi envelop the fates of many in whom the public feel a never-ceasing and never-satisfied interest. What, for instance, can be more ursatisfactory than the manner in which logo is suffered to march off, after the culmination of two villanies? As for ourselves, we have never ceased to believe that the rascal wriggled out of the mess, by employing a first-rjite criminal lawyer, and was, doubtless, "honorably acquitted." Poetic justice and popular feeling require that he should have been lynched before the fall of the curtain. Many more " Unfinished Dramas" could we suggest, but, as we have long felt convinced that a vast amount of laudable but unsatisfied curiosity also exists as to .the early career of those, of whose lives a portion only has been revealed to us, through the medium of dramatic authors; we hasten to give to the world the interesting records, which, by an immense outlay of capital, and unlimited access to family and state papers, we have been enabled to gather, concerning the infancy and childhood : of several of the heroes and heroines of Shakepere and our leading dramatists. In commencing our reB§arcfe$5 into the early lives of dramatic heroes, we were most desirous of being able to ascertain some particulars respecting the infancy and boyhood of that Chinese puzzle-to-all-character—HAMLET. Commentators were satisfied that the boy Hamlet would furnish us with a better clue to his subsequent actions than all the esthetic conjectures of Coleridge, Schlegel, Goethe, and Hazlitt. And we think we were not mistaken. However, we will give our readers the facts we have gleaned, and leave them to judge for themselves. During what may be regarded as the "Pap-al" state of childhood, young Hamlet evinced nothing more remarkable than a disinclination to avail himself of the aliment afforded him through the usual maternal channel; and the exhibition of a lamentably early tendency to the use of the "Bottle," the effects of which maybe traced in after life, when he is known to have acquired such proficiency in the bibulous art as to be able to instruct his comrades in the art of " drinking deep." It :.s evident, too, that this tendency he inherited from his mother, who, it will be recollected, confessed in her last moments, that— It was the Drink, Hamlet, It was^the Drink, that accelerated her untimely end—and we look upon this fact as tending to cli ar up most satisfactorily the habitually inexplicable behavior of the man Hamlet—his " wild and whirling words," his fantastic imaginations of whales, camels, and weasles, in the very clouds; his " bad dreams," and the phantoms that used to flit before his disordered brain, however inexplicable to the limited medical skill of the Danish MD.'s, must now-a-days, with these antecedent facts before us, be immediately recognised as indicating an incipient stage of " Delirium Tremens." It is recorded, however, by the village gossip, that lie was a remarkably fine child, and from infancy was inclined to corpulency. At school he was nicknamed the " Fat Prince," a sobriquet which vidently rankled in his mind. For many years after, we find him assionately expressing a wish that His too, too solid fleshwould melt, &c.;, &c.;, and his mother admitting that "he was fat and scant of breath." One of his favorite amusements, when a boy, was playing at ghosts, and it is extremely interesting to observe how the reminiscence of his childish games recurs to him in after life, when he sportively tells Horatio " that he'd make a ghost of any one that would let him." He showed little disposition to stick to his books, and being, in virtue of his princedom, exempted from the " horsing" that was the inevitable destiny of other idlers, he was lamentably deficient in th3 ordinary rudiments of a sound Danish education, and could scarcely manage to write an ordinary note. Amongst some efforts at versification in his school days, we discovered the well-known distich:— The rose is red, The violet's blue; The Devil's black, And so are you. Certainly a more original and creditable attempt than his later poetical effusion to Miss Ophelia Polonius. Doubt that the stars are Are? Doubt that the sun doth mov«? Doubt truth to be a liar; But never doubt I love. In which his ignorance of astronomy, grammar, and versification is lamentably apparent. His career at the University was such as might have been anticipated from his school days. He spent most of his time in fencing, card-playing, and cock- fighting, and patronised the provincial theatres, where, from his possessing the entree behind the scenes, he picked up considerable knowledge of the business, which he 'was in after life fond of displaying whenever occasion offered. His style of living, and the character of his associates, soon plunged him in pecuniary embarrassments, from which he frequently sought relief at the neigboring pawnbroker'6: that he was not unmindful of those early struggles, we may gather from many subsequent allusions to his "Uncle"—a name which invariably suggests to his mind unpleasant associations—associations which were rendered additionally unpleasant by his mother, shortly after the decease of his father, marrying the identical "Uncle" to whom we have referred. The opportunities afforded by the constant presence of this individual, induced Hamlet to resume his habit of " pledging " to get himself out of any difficulty, and he accordingly pledged himself to put an end to so unpleasant a family connection; a pledge which, singularly enough, he redeemed in the most prompt and business-like manner, as per account current rendered by Mr. William Shakspere. 