NKWSPAPE't NEOROLOGY. If thore is anything for which the Am jrican people havo a passion, it is for starting newspaper*. We do not say for continuing them, fir thsy are abandoned with about the samo precipitancy thit thoy aro under taken, their existence bsing brief in proportion to their number. Especially has Sin Prancisia basn prolific of this Mushroom species of journalism. la reflecting on this aubjec; a day or two since, tho following names oc curred to us as having once belonged to tho long list of defunct newjpapers heretofore startod in this city : The California California Star Journal of itonuucroo Picayune Times (uoUBUcrtyM) Public Balanco Standard (Daily) ruclllo Wewn Courier Fillmore Hanger L'jd,;er National Morning: Post Western American WliiiJ Commercial Advertiser Sun Evening .Journal Kvcnlng News U'rua California Picayune ( ltu.isel's) P.icitic Star Times and Transcript P.itlulnder Evcuini; Arb'un Leader Pluindeuler Lu Cronica Gornun Journal California Clironiclo Ledger (Pollock's) ' Sunday Times Curiosity Slii-i- Voice of Israel Oriental Christian Ol)3crvor Free Press Pathfinder ( Weekly) Censor Moruni Buylo Pioneer Man'.izino u zoning Post Kl Sud Americano Wastorn Standard Lo MeHsagcr Union Citizen lllmtrated Timu Ciarion California Mail Satan's Bassoon Piimnix Jriticua Catholic Standard lion Ton Critio Cosmopolitan California Register ltecorder Sunday Diipatcli Varieties (Mulligan1*) Police Gazetto Iiximlner and Inquirer IlJinbro Paoillo Statesman Water Fount Watchman Mirror of tho Times Young America (Boya) Jour, of Com. (Kewcn's) Pacilio Courier d j iUheneum IJvoning Star do Present aail Future I'ieu'yune (French) Present ot L'Avenlr, I.o Colibii Lo P.itrioto Lo Mineur Lo Spectatcur Lc pas50 Partout La Globu Fr.incats L-j Cjurler dc la Californio We have uo iJea that tho foregoing list names all the journals that havo departed this lifo in' San Francisco ; some namos havo doubtless escapjd our recollection, an I as wo desire to make our necrology complete wo woul.i be obliged if thoso omitted might be sent us. The oitaloquo ii, to bo sure sufficiently appalling and considorcd in connexion wi-.h the struggle* it cost most of these papers to maintain even a brief hold on exis tence, is calculated to b;got wariness in those contem plating further pnjiicts of this kind. It is doubtful whether a linglu one of all the30 journals ever made the proprietors rich, 'riiile it is well known to the puper dealers and pri-Uera that many of them died insolvent, if, indeed, a newspaper could ba supposed t j hivo buch u thing as u. soul, there it no question but the ghost of cvjry one of these defunct institutions is to th;s day w.wniering on the earthward sido of Styx, unable 10 get over for tho want of an o'&olus; to p?y the grim ferryman. — San Francisco Times. 