CHINESE SKETCHES. A MORNING'S STROLL THROUGH SHANGHAI. IN the following letter from Shanghai the Times' cor- respondent gives an amusing sketch of the manners and customs of the Chinese:— Before we leave Shanghai (he says), I must ask the British public to accompany me in a morning walk upon the Bund. We will start from the hotel, which notifies its whereabouts in the rear of the settlement by a high flagstaff and a most demonstrative banner. The street we follow is bounded by the garden walls and entrances of several "hongs"—ornamented de- tached residences resembling a little the villas in the Regent's-park. Our path is through a crowd of jost- ling Coolies. They are carrying, balanced on their bamboo poles, chests of tea, bales of silk, bricks of Sycee silver, and burdens more multifarious. It is hard work. They earn by continuous labour nearly 8s. a-day. But a man is worn out in about seven years, and he then retires on his economies, and enjoys his hardly- earned leisure upon a small plot of ground in the in- terior. We now see them at full work loading and discharging cargo. Each as he goes emits a sound like the moan of a man in pain, "Ah ho; ah ho." From early morning till eventide this chorus of sor- rowful sound fills the air. It is more multitudious and monotonous than the croak of the frogs in the swamps, than the harsh grating cry of the cicadæ upon the boughs. The habit, so far as I can discover, is confined to this port; but a Shanghai porter can no more do his work without his "Ah ho!" than a Lon- don paviour can get on without his "Hough." When the English first came here the house servants brought up the soups and the legs of mutton singing their "Ah ho" in procession through the dining-room. This was promptly put down; but the out-of-door chorus still proceeds. Every moment from 800 chests comes this sad monotonous cry, depressing to the spirits of new comers. We make our way through this croaking crowd, and debouch upon the Bund—the broad embankment, having on one side the wide river, with 70 square- rigged vessels lying at easy anchor in its noble reach; and on the other side the "compounds," or ornamen- tal grounds, each containing the hong, and the go- downs of some one of the principal European commer- cial houses. The only building on the Bund which is of Chinese architecture is the Custom-house, which is like a joss-house. There is something going on at the Custom-house. The Toutai's suite fill the outer courtyard. Some 20 fellows, wearing mandarins' caps with fox-tails sticking out behind, have swords at their sides, and form the military escort. Their trousers are much patched, and their odour is not fragrant ; yet, if one of these ragged ruffians would come to London, and submit to be washed, Mrs. Leo Hunter would ask lords and ladies to meet him and present him to her guests as "a mandarin from China." There are two curious creatures having enormous gilt hares on their heads and pheasant feathers protruding behind. They are rather shabbier and dirtier than their mili- tary comrades, and look as though they had been turned out of Mr. Richardson's booth for lack of clean- liness. There are two executioners, conspicuous by their black conical caps, their dark costume, and their iron chains, worn like a sword-belt. The larger one is said to be of wonderful skill in taking off heads; the smaller excels in producing exquisite torture with the bamboo. Let us go inside. There is incense burning, and priests are chanting. Mandarins, with white or red buttons to their caps, silk dresses, and very dirty hands, are knocking their heads upon the ground before a little joss. It is a Chinese ceremonial day. They have turned the Custom-house into a josshouse for the nonce, and are come hereto "chin-chin" the God of Wealth, which means to pray for a good harvest of import and ex- port duties. The rite is soon performed, the Toutai comes forth, the procession is formed. It would look splendid in drawing or photograph, but it is squalid and ludicrous in its shabby reality. The Toutai mounts his pony, the large crimson parasol is raised above his head— "Interque signa turpe militaria "Sol aspicit conopium"— and the cortege moves off. About this Custom-house there is a grave matter to be debated. At the instance of the three treaty Powers the Chinese authorities have established at this port a triumvirate of European inspectors, or collectors of Customs—an Englishman, a Frenchman, and an American. They were originally selected by their respective Governments. They each receive £2000 a year—a salary not too great to compensate them for the odium which the discharge of their duties involves. The English Government has ceased to in- terfere or to recognise Mr. Lay as having any other capacity than that of an officer of the Chinese Govern- ment. The French and American Consuls retain an influence in the nomination and control of the inspec- tors of their respective nations. The effect of this Custom-house arrangement is that the duties of the port of Shanghai are received in full. At the other ports the old system of corruption pre- vails, and the Chinese collectors make their private bargains—usually about one-half the tariff prices. Nothing but strong intrinsic vitality has enabled the trade of Shanghai to thrive, in spite of this great dis- advantage. The English merchants are divided in opinion upon this subject of duty collect- ing. Some think that the Chinese should be left to themselves; that we should deal with the officials as we do in England with the farmers of turnpike tolls, every man making his own contract bargain. Others think that the inspecting system should be extended to all the ports. A third party are in favour of the abolition of all duties at the ports, allowing the Chinese to collect their own import and export duties inside. It is a difficult subject, almost impossible to be satisfactorily arranged by any treaty which shall give to the Chinese Government the action of an independent Power; but the difficulty arises from the incurable corruption of the Chinese magistracy, and the crumbling rottenness of the Government. Having to deal with such a nation, the necessities of self-protection give us rights which we should not have if we were dealing with honest men. There is a sound of gongs, and a crepitasion of small crackers at the north end of the bund, and the coolies leaving their work to look on. As it is a day for sight-seeing, and sight-seeing is our business, let us follow the crowd. It is a burial procession. The mother of a Chinese opium broker is going to her last home. She carries with her all her little comforts and necessities where- with to begin life in the next world. Many palan- quins appear at unequal distances, preceded and fol- lowed by coolies marching four abreast. These litters contain small joss houses, and basins holding fruits and sweetmeats, and bean cakes, and other orthodox Buddhist comestibles. There is good store also of silvered and gilded paper made to resemble solid in- gots of gold and silver. This is the wealth where- with she is to appear in the land of ghosts as a respectable, well-to-do matron. But if this bullion pass current among the ghosts, they have lost the qualities which most distinguish them in the flesh. In life a Chinaman can distinguish the exact fineness of a piece of silver by the touch, so much so that the word "touch" is used as a technical term to indicate the quality of each description of bullion ; it must be very harrowing to the feelings of the ghost of a Chi- nese comprador to find himself obliged to deal in these shadowy ingots. On marches the procession. There are little boys blowing shrill trumpets and other stranger wind instruments, men excruciating our ears with cymbals and gongs, and grave adults exploding strings of crackers. Then comes the coffin—a strong wooden case like a carved and ornamented trunk of a tree ; it is half covered by draperies, and is borne by twelve coolies. It is hermetically sealed with that tenacious plaster the Chinese call "chunam." It will be borne to a joss-house in the city, and thence to a spot in one of her son's fields. Here it will rest on the surface of the ground. After the time of mourning is past a few spadefulls of earth will be shovelled upon it, then year by year, a few more till a mound arises and rank grass and Chinese lilies spring up, and this old lady's habitation adds another unit to the myriads of sacred burrows which cumber the rich soil, and serve no pur- pose but a harbour for the pheasants when the crops are cut. Our English books upon China say that only hills are set apart for this purpose. Sir John Davis falls into this error. But our English writers, for the most part, write only of w-hat they have seen on the banks of the Canton river. Between Shanghai and Keehing I have seen thousands of acres of alluvial soil which the plough never turns because they are sacred to the dead. We have plenty of time to look about us, for the procession yet drags its slow length along. The denizens of the Bund have turned out to look, and business is proceeding. There is an English mer- chant arranging the sale of a cargo of rice with a Chinaman. "Wantee numba one bad licee for that sojer—numba one bad licee?" "Number one bad rice for your soldiers," says the indignant Briton. "Why we always have the best provisions we can obtain for our soldiers and sailors." Heaven forgive the patriotic man of commerce ! but he never saw a weavelly biscuit, or opened a tin of Crimean preserved meat. "O, maskee, numba one bad licee too much good for sojer man." We are separated from these bargainers by a fisher- man and his wife, who push their way by. The lady, who is not in her premiere jeunesse, has large natural feet, and, having tucked up her trousers, displays a pair of calves which an Irish porter might envy. Taking advantage of their wake, stiffly totters upon her small deer's feet an ordinary China- woman of the urban population. She has no calves whatever. The muscles of her leg were destroyed by the operation which produced that beautiful foot, and from the knee downwards her leg is but skin and bone. So you ask how this strange deformity is produced? Stand back out of the crowd, inside the entrance to Mr. Heard's compound, and I will tell you. There are small-footed ladies at Hongkong who gain a very fair livelihood by exhibiting their pedal ex- tremities to sea captains and other curious Europeans at a dollar a head; but, as so superficial an examina- tion of this national peculiarity did not satisfy me, I had recourse to some of my good friends among the missionaries. By their aid I obtained that some poor Chinese women should bring me a complete gamut of little girls from the missionary schools. Many of these female children probably owed their lives to the persuasion (aided by opportune donations of rice) of my missionary friend and his lady, but their in- fluence had been powerless to prevent the torture of their feet. On the appointed day they were all seated in a row in my friend's library, and their feet, which I suspect had undergone a preparatory washing, were unbound by their mammas. The first was a child of two years old. Her penance had just commenced. When the bandage of blue cotton was taken off I found that the great toe had been left untouched, but the other four had been forced down under the ball of the foot, and closely bound in that position. The child, therefore, walked upon the knuckle joints of her four toes. The toes were red and inflamed, and the ligature caused evident pain. In the next three children (all of ages advancing at small intervals) the preparation was only to the same extent; it was confined to the four toes; gradually, however, these four toes, ceding to the continual pressure, lost their articulations and their identity as limbs, and became amalgamated with the sole of the foot. In the eldest of the four the redness and inflammation had entirely disappeared, the foot was cool and painless, and ap- peared as though the four toes had been cut off by a knife. The foot was now somewhat the shape of a trowel. In the fifth girl I saw the commencement of the second operation—a torture under which sickly chil- dren frequently die. The sole of the foot was now curved into the shape of a bow; the great toe and the heel being brought together as near as possible. Take a jujube and double it till two points of the lozenge nearly meet, and you will see what I mean. This is done very gradually. The bandage is never slack- ened—month by month it is drawn tighter—the foot inflames and swells, but the tender mamma perseveres —as the bones and tendons accommodate themselves to the position constrained by the bandage so it is drawn tighter. At last the ball of the natural foot fits into the hollow of the sole, the root of the great toe is brought into contact with the heel. The foot is a shapeless lump. The instep is where the ankle was, and all that is left to go into the slipper and to tread the ground is the ball of the great toe and the heel. This is the small foot of the Chinese woman—a bit of toe and a bit of heel, with a mark, like a cicatrice left after a huge cut, running up between them. Two of the girls were yet suffering great pain, and their feet were hot and inflamed, but in the eldest the operation was complete. She had attained to the position of a small-footed woman, and her feet were quite cool, had no corns, and were not tender to the touch. One of the mammas, influenced perhaps by a little liberality in the article of rice money, intrusted me with a Chinese mystere de toilette. Sometimes, it seems, when a woman is expected to have to do hard work, her toe and heel are not drawn so tightly together, as to produce the true "small foot." To disguise this imperfection upon her marriage day she has recourse to art. A piece of cork, shaped like an inverted sugar loaf, is strapped on to her foot, and the small part goes into her slipper and passes for her foot. Thus are we poor men deceived! While we are gossipping about small feet the old lady's burial procession comes to an end. It would be hissed at Astley's, and would be regarded with blank astonishment at the Princess's, but it is very successful at Shanghai. The opium broker has done his duty as a good son. If he keeps his two years of mourning properly, and if none of his wives should commit the indiscretion of having a child within two years, commencing from nine months after this time (for the present Emperor is supposed to owe all his misfortunes to an unfortunate accident of this sort), he will be esteemed a very respectable man for evermore. The Bund resumes its normal state, and the "Ah ho's" are again in full chorus. What shall we do next? It is half-past 1 o'clock, tiffin time at Shang- hai. You have made your calls on arriving here, and your cards have been duly returned, so you are free to go and come at tiffin time in all their hospitable hongs. No lack of good dishes or of pleasant iced drinks at a Shanghai tiffin. Where the junior partner, with his employes of silk inspector and tea-tester, and book- keeper and clerks, holds a separate mess, the allow- ance from the house to that mess is never less than 50 Shanghai dollars per month per head, or some- thing more than £200 a-year to each employé for the table alone. We may enter boldly. There is no chance of finding people making shifts with small com- mons in China. There is a great charm in European society at all the ports. Every- body is able, and is, indeed, obliged to have a lordly indifference to expense. They can- not control it, and they must let it go. There is no struggling and contriving to keep up appearances. The profits are large and the expenditure is great— laissez aller. Tiffin, however, is a bad habit, if we can keep out of it. Let us rather stroll towards the city and trust to chance for a light lunch. "A'Lin, get a Coolie and follow us with some dollars and some cash"—the rascal wouldn't carry a string of copper cash himself to save his father's tail. It is a long stretch from the English settlement to the Chinese city. We must pass through the French concession in front of Mr. Conolly's hong, wherein that gentleman, with exag- gerated Shangai hospitality, has just taken in a dis- tressed Singapore tiger, whose roaring attracts a crowd of Chinese around his gates. A Chinese city is no novelty to us who have journeyed toge- ther through so many of them ; but a festival day always has some objects of interest. In Pekin the "Board of Rites" busies itself about many things ; and among others, it sets apart two days in every month as the days upon which alone marriages can take place. To-day is one of these days, and in con- sequence thereof several gorgeous palanquins, like miniature Lord Mayor's coaches taken off their wheels, and containing ladies all splendid in jewels and gold, are passing through the narrow streets. These ladies have jewelled crowns upon their heads, and veils of strings of pearls falling over their faces, and embroi- dered satin tunics, and fans of gold tissue. They are going, properly accompanied, to their new homes. One of them is just entering the house of a distiller with whom I have some acquaintance. We shall be wel- come; let us go in. The house is decorated for the fête. It is hung with lanterns inside and out. The court yard is full of relatives and hangers-on; and at the gate is the comprador, who receives the money offerings of the visitors ; the principal room opening upon the courtyard is prepared for the feast. Lanterns are hung from the ceilings, a small joss house with candles and incense before it is at one end, and in the middle is the table on which stand the small basins of sauces and sliced shellfish, and goose flesh and sweetmeats, cakes, which are the precursive appetisers to a Chinese dinner. The bridegroom (the son of the proprietor) is lounging on a chair in his shirt-sleeves smoking ; the bride is gone up to her chamber, where she is sitting on her nuptial couch and receiving her guests. We may go up if we please, but it is less trouble to wait and look about us till she comes down. We crack a joke or two with the bridegroom, and he retires to put on his gorgeous array, and then the bride appears followed by her retinue of bridesmaids, and escorted by an old woman, the go-between who has made up the match. We present ourselves in due form, and the bride, who, in spite of her high crown and embroidered tunic and trousers, looks nervous and twitchy and slightly convulsive, just as she might if her name were Brown and if we had accosted her at the door of the vestry-room of St. George's, Hanover- square, returns our salutation and would like to pass on. But such is not selon les regles. The duenna insists upon our admiring the beauty of the headdress and the thickness of the embroidered satin whereof her tunic is made ; but, above all, she will pull up the trousers to exhibit the faultless proportions of the little feet. They are marvellously small. A flea couldn't find room to hop in that, slipper. "Chin, chin!" let us be off. There is another decorated dwell- ing on our way, but it is a cottage, and pre- sents a different scene. Three men are drinking samshu at table, while the bride, dressed in her bor- rowed bravery, sits on a barrel in the most distant corner, alone and unnoticed. To-morrow and for ever more she will be a beast of burden. Perhaps, however, she will, in the fulness of time, create her own distractions. A few years may probably see a crowd of mangey brats, exhibiting every form and species of cutaneous complaint, fighting and yelling over their rice basins, and, aided by the mother's shrew voice and the grandmother's croak, making their neighbourhood unbearable. Such a family lived opposite to my bedroom window at Ningpo. From early cockcrow to sundown the screams and shrill cries were unintermittent. The nuisance burst into being all on a sudden ; but I found, on inquiry, that it had existed in its present aggravated form about two years before, and was then cured. After many vain remonstrances, an English merchant complained-to theToutar. Next day the lord of the house wes sent for to the Prefec- ture, and, being suspended by the thumbs, received 40 blows of the bamboo : he was then dismissed, with a warning. When that respectable housekeeper re- turned disjointed and macerated to his dwelling, he went in and shut his doors about him. What hap- pened in the bosom of that family no man may know ; but thenceforward the rice was eaten inside the house, and the screams did not vibrate in the street. When I heard of this I thought I would try what a threat of the Toutar would do ; so I sent my boy down with a message. He returned with the air of an envoy who has failed. "Well, what does the woman say ? "She talkee no care—last moon husband dead." We must on, it is not pleasant to linger in the streets of a Chinese city. The porters jostle you, and the palanquins push you aside, and the smells assail you. The French Jesuit, to whom a compatriote applied to send her specimens of all the finest scents of China, rather exaggerated when he replied, "Alas ! Madam, in China, there is but one scent, and that is not a perfume." There are many scents, but with the exception of the white blossom wherewith they scent their teas none of them are perfumes. We bustle our way through the narrow streets. We pass the temples and the yamuns, unentered, for we have seen a hundred such before, and we reach the tea gardens of Shanghai city. These are worth a visit, for they are the best I have seen in China. A Chinese garden is usually about twenty yards square, but these cover an area of ten acres. It is an irre- gular figure flanked by rows of shops, rudely analogous to those of the Palais Royal. The area is traversed in all directions by broad canals of stagnant water, all grown over with green, and crossed by zigzag wooden bridges, of the willow pattern plate model, sadly out of repair, and destitute of paint. Where the water is not there are lumps of artificial rockwork, and large pavilion-shaped tearooms, per- haps twenty in number. Here self-heating kettles of gigantic proportions are always hissing and bub- bling ; and at the little tables the Chinese population are drinking tea, smoking, eating almond hardbake of pomegranates, playing dominoes, or arranging bar- gains. There are interstices also of vacant land, and these are occupied by jugglers and peepshow men. From the upper room of one of these teahouses we shall have a view of the whole scene, and A'Lin will order us a cup of tea and some cakes for lunch. The jugglers and gymnasts below are doing much the same kind of tricks which their brethren of England and France perform. M. Houdin and Mr. Anderson would find their equals among these less pretending wizards. I am told that these peep-shows which old men are looking into, and laughing, and which young boys are not prevented from seeing, contain representations of the grossest obscenity. Here is a ventriloquist who, attracted by our European costumes at the casement, has come up to perform. "Give him a dollar, A'Lin, and tell him to begin." That dusty, half-clad wan- derer would make another fortune for Barnum. He unfolds his pack, and constructs out of some curtains a small closed room. Into this he retires, and imme- diately a little vaudeville is heard in progress inside. Half-a-dozen voices in rapid dialogue, sounds, and movement, and cries of animals, and the clatter of falling articles, tell the action of the plot. The com- pany from the tea-tables, who had gathered round, wag their tails with laughter, especially at the broadest sallies of humour, and at the most indecorous dénouements. In truth, there is no difficulty, even to us, in compre- hending what is supposed to be going on in that little room. The incidents are, indeed, somewhat, of the broadest—not so bad as the scenes in our orthodox old English comedies, such as "The Custom of the Country," for instance, or "The Conscious Lovers;" but still they are very minutely descriptive of facts not proper to be described. The man's talent, however, would gain him full audiences in Europe without the aid of grossness. "Ho lai"—" fire, there." Shall we light a cheroot and stroll about? Don't make too sure, Mr. Bull, that the gentleman in the manderin cap, who is holding you by the button and grinning in your face, is saying anything complimentsry about you. In a journey up the country, a fat Frenchman, who had equipped himself in an old mandarin coat, a huge pair of China boots, and a black wide-a-wake, was leaning upon a bamboo spear, while his boat was being drawn over one of those mud embankments, which serve the purpose of our locks. He also was very much flattered at the politeness of an old man who prostrated himself three times before him, and chin-chin-ed him. Unluckily an interpreter was present, who explained that this old man took our French friend for the Devil, and was worshipping him in that capacity according to Chinese rites. In fact, the Frenchman in his antique disguise rather re- sembled a Chinese idol. But ask the French Consul at Shanghai about this ; he can tell the story better than I can. Some of the best shops of Shanghai city open upon the tea-gardens ; some resound with the buzz of imprisoned insects and the song of caged birds ; there are " curio" shops, where are to be seen antiquities of dynasties long anterior to the Christian era, carefully wrought by living hands; there are caricatures of the English barbarians, one of which I cannot refrain from buying; there are carvings in bamboo, very inferior to Canton ; there are shops for fans, and embroideries and silks, decidedly inferior to Ningpo. There is also the studio of a portrait painter, not probably a dangerous rival to Lamqua, of Macao. There is loud talking in that studio. A Yankee captain is inspecting a portrait of himself, which has been painted at a contract price of some 20 dollars. The Yankee is a man about forty, with streaks of gray in his bushy hair and beard, with a slight defect in one eye, a large nose, and a pock- marked face. Yet, withal, thanks to his affluence of hair and an expression of jaunty determination, and devil-may-care go- aheadness, he is a manly- looking fellow. He is looking ruefully, however, at this counterfeit presentment of himself which is to go to the girl of his heart at New York. It is a most laughter-moving caricature of all the salient points of his physiognomy. The Yankee swears that it is no more like him than hickory nuts are like thunder. The artist has produced a small looking-glass, which he places beside the portrait, and, pointing to the grey hair and the squinting eye and the pockmarks of the portrait, and then to the present originals from which they were copied, says triumphantly at each verification, "Hab got? Hab got? Hab got? How can make handsome man 'spose no got handsome face?" Let us leave these parties, for there seems likelihood of a hot dispute, and, arming ourselves with another cheroot as a defence against bad smells, retrace our steps through the city, and out at the east gate. We are again upon the Bund. The sun is down, and the European population are taking exercise in the short twilight. The merchants and their wives are returning in carriages or on horseback from their ride round the racecourse, or are walking ; the mis- sionaries and their wives are riding up and down on their ponies. The shadows grow deeper, and you can scarce recognise your acquaintances as they pass. And now, Mr. Bull, it is time to go in and dress for dinner. I hope during our day's stroll I have given you some notion of the city and settlement of Shanghai, which, if you are a wise man, and open up the Yang-tse-Kiang, will be a most important place both to you and to your descendants for many a long generation. 