.vt^im. oj-rnE English mail; :: :'''' ^'(TKe. Divorce. Court, goes on merrily. ;On Wed nesday.i 'June, 17t1i, besides other business,' nine marriages were dissolved, and eighteen persons authorised to live in adultery. In four cares this 'Was at the suit of the wife. On the other days the Court was as active. The intention of extending the ' privilege' to all classes is fully realised. Cab. rhen and policemen have this week been authorised ?to commit bigamy by the authority;ef Her Majesty's Judges, 'i That all classes should be under equal law is, of course right and just; but when divorces H-fi«a AnnAna/1 - #?/» nn A vaW cm fill Ol !HC. f Tlf»\f ttTAfa IT bib bUlltlllbU fcW Vll\, IHJ ......... _.».ww, ---vj ? ?*-?»? necessarily rare, and had little effect on the social state of the country : when extended to all classes, they cannot fail to become common. It is also to be observed that when granted only in consequence of the crime of the wife, they implied the very serious social punishment of the offending party, and- tin's was of itself a great check to their.number. ?When granted for the crime of the husband, they are top likely to bfi obtained collnsively, as that is far from destroying his social position. Meanwhile, the House of Lords on Thursday admitted the 'Protestants of Ireland to a share in the scramble by allowing Irish causes to be brought before the existing court in LiOnaon. _ x ms was ai me proposal of Lord Redesdale, who complained most truly, though somewhat inconsistently, that the Court was proceeding at a pace at which it is, utterly impossi ble to guard against collusion between the parlies. Lord Wieklow pointed out that Ireland ..needed no euch .measure, being a Catholic country. On the whole,. we can hardly regret it. It was not to be expected that Irish Protestants w^uld be content without the licence given, to their bri-tliitn inEng larid;; and it is better they should come to London 'for-the purpose, than have a Court for the legislation of adultery set up in Dublin, as proposed by Lord Campbell and Lord Cranwonh.— Weekly Register. ^Catholic' Bands in Liverpool. — On Mon day evening, 21st June, a grand competition of 100 performers: took place at the Liverpool Zoological Gardens, on which occasion the Catholic Band at present attached to St. Augustine's Young Men's Society took the second prize of £5, another Catholic Band, of fifteen years standing, from Ditton, having taken the first prize of £10; The former band is composed; of: young persons whose ages vary from twelve to twenty,; and has been formed since October, 1856, for the purpose of enabling them to aid Catholic Charitable Institutions, without the slightest remuneration. The tunes selected were the.' Ireland Quadrille' by Chailes D'Albert, and the ' Nymph of .the Wave. Waltz,' by the same composer. As an amateur band they are now virtually acknowledged to he the bestin Liverpool of their standing. London is to be encircled with telegraphic wires from the house tops, in the style of Paris. The first experiment was made last week by laying two wires across; the, river. :??? . /; Mr. Robert Lytton, the son of Sir Edward Bulwer iLytton and Lady Lytton, has addressed a letter to .the journals, giving; an account of some matters which have been bioughtbefore public noiice. Lady -Lvtton is. with her son, and perfectly satisfied with all the arrangements that have been made. The office of the Sun newspaper, in the Strand, was almost entirely destroyed by fire on Monday night, August 2. ? At the- triennial visitation of the Bishop Ely, at Newmarket, on the last week in July, the subject of the crowded state of dwellings of the poor was introduced at a meeting of the clergy T-y the bishop, . when the Rev. E. Phipps, of Stanfield, according to a report in the Bury Post, concurred in the state ment! of Mr. O'Connell that the majority of the English poor were mothers before they were married. .Female purity, he says, had become the exception instead of the rule, and our national character was .disgraced by this too well founded imputation on the chartity of our women. He did not, however, believe that this bad state of things arose from their ? cottage arrangements, for it is well known that in Ireland, where the cottages were infinitely worse than in England, the morality of the peasantry was infinitely higher. Bastardy there was compara tively unknown,, and when occurring was held at the deepest misfortune and disgrace. Nor could he believe that working together could be held to be the source of this evil, for labour was God's ordi- ? nance,* and as such could not necesBaril-y engender Mn. For himself, he had his opinion on the subject, though he would not seek now to enforce his views, as the time and occasion might not be suitable ; he could not but remember that Mr. O.'Conhell's observation was made in favour of a country where an institution was in full force which, in the opinion of a vast number of the intelligent and unprejudiced people, both in Ireland and in this 'country, was one great means of maintaining that social purity for which that country was so illustrious and remark able. And he would further observe that this institution was also, in fact and principle, in exis tence in the Church of England, though it had hitherto most culpably and grievously been suffered to fall into a desuetude from which a vigorous and: what he believed, ultimately would be a successful effort was being made to recover it— he meant the blessed and important practice of Confession. — English Paper. ...'''' .' ' A few days since a young lady, with a foreign accent and rather eccentric manners, dressed all in white, with yellow boots, alighted atthePeterhorough: Railway station. Her luggage was addressed as follows : — ' Her Divine Majesty, the Zion Holy Ghost, Empress of the Universe,' Beloved Bride of Heaven, passenger to Silverdale, near Lancaster.' She stated that she was an angel from Heaven, and presented one of the clerks with a tract, written partly in Latin, partly in French, and partly in English. , ? 3 '. Mr. Baron Rothschild's first vote was against the Corrupt Practices Continuance Bill, a measure which makes it needful for candidates to pay money for getting the votes of electors. ,,ji The .statement of the Morning Post respecting Sir John Dean Paul having become a lunatic is contra dicted in the Globe. 