Local and Domestic Intelligence THE ROADS — The meeting of the Members of the Improved Transit Association, which was convened on Monday evening last at Mrs. Saddler's Inn, proved a failure. There were only some half-dozen persons present, and as it was considered that the manner of calling it was irregular, the Secretary being the proper authority for calling all meetings of the body for the transaction of business, it was decided after a brief discussion, that the Secretary be applied to, to convene a meeting to- day. As the principal business of the Association is to apply for a share of the £20,000 reserved for the repair of branch roads, no time is to be lost. There can be no doubt but there will be a general scramble for grants from this fund by the various districts, and as this district has been most illiberally dealt with by the Estimates in appropriations for road repairs, we are un- questionably, and in common justice, entitled to a liberal allowance out of the fund referred to. We trust that the members will make an effort to be present, as the matter is one of considerable importance to the district. HORSE AND CATTLE SHOW — The ploughing match at King's Plains has stimulated de- sire for the establishment of an annual exhibi- tion of horses, cattle and other animals, amongst the inhabitants of the neighbourhood of King's Plains and Carcoor, and a few of the more in- fluential of the residents have promised to co- operate in carrying the movement out. Amongst the rest, Mr, Icely, who was present at the match and took great interest in the proceed- ings, has promised his assistance and pecuniary aid, and we doubt not if applied, that others of our leading men in this neighbourhood, will be happy to assist, not only with their purses, but by their exertions. The subject is one of very considerable importance to the welfare of the great interests of these districts, and we pur- pose returning to it from time to time until our efforts in conjunction with those of our friends in the King'- Plains and Carcoor Districts have rwii.ed in fruiliou of i»ma kind. , THE WEATHER — A soaking rain set in on Monday night, which fell gently during the whole of yesterday, and was absorbed as it fell. Judging by appearances we should suppose the rain was a general one ; if so, the country on the Bogan and lower Macquarie, where the dry- ness of the winter has been almost unbroken, will be greatly advantaged by the visitation. FEMALE DEPRAVITIY — Bathurst has, in times gone by, enjoyed a reputation for public morality which was exceedingly creditable to its inhabitants. There was little to offend the eye in our public streets beyond the frequent ex- hibitions of inebriety which unfortunately are common to every town and settlement in the colony. It has been a common remark amongst visitors that we were singularly happy in the preservation of that public decency which is so often violated in large towns and cities by the abandoned portion of the gentler sex. Such a thing as a house of ill-fame was unknown. We regret to learn that this is no longer the case, and that a number of these infamous establish- ments have latterly sprung into existence. The fact cannot be unknown to the police, and the sooner their energies are employed in the sup- pression of these moral pest- houses and their conductors or rather conductresses are deposi- ted in the cooling atmosphere of our gaol, the better for the peace and well-being of the town. Certain revelations of a most abominable character have latterly been made in reference to the doings at one of these "hells", clearly establishing the necessity of rooting out and punishing the reprobates who batten upon the destruction of female chastity or earn a sub- sistence by the moral ruin of their sex. THE DERBY AND OAKS FOR 1858.—The Derby came off on the 19th. May, and was won by Sir Joseph Hawley's Herdsman, ridden by Wells, beating nineteen others, Lord Derby's Toxoplylite being second. Value of the stakes, £5,400 The race for the Oaks' took place on on the 21st May, and was won by Mr. Gray- wicke's Governess, beating Admiral Harcourt's Gildermire, and eleven others. Value of the stakes £3,975. STATE OF THE SYDNEY ROAD.— All accounts agree as to the indescribably wretched state of the road between Bathurst and the mountains at several points. Indeed the wonder is that the district's supplies are kept up, or that the mail continues to travel. The portions des- cribed as the worst are in the neighbourhood of the Frying Pan, and the tract between the two rivers, at both which places it is physically im- possible to get along except by threading the mazes of the bush. Broken shafts and frac- tured wheels, dead bullocks and skeleton looking horses are amongst the evidences of a most abnormal state of communication. For- tunately the winter just now closing has been a dry one, or to dear and wretched beef might have been superadded; still dearer tea and sugar, and ruinous priced for all the necessaries of existence. LECTURES.—From our advertising columns it will be perceived that lectures on a very in- spiriting theme will be delivered during the present week, at the Victoria Theatre, Durham street, on "Poetry and its Influences, but par ticularly that of Tom Moore, the poet of all circles, and idol of his own." The fact that the lecturer is a member of the industrious classes will doubtless add interest and popu- larity to the subject which he has selected, and which report says he is qualified to handle very efficiently. We wish him every success in his laudable, and, it must be confessed, rather novel, attempt to gain the means of enabling him to make a start at the GoldFields." LICENSED SURVEYOR. — The Government Gazette contains an announcement of the ap- pointment of Edward Sharp, Esq., of Dubbo, to be a Licensed Surveyor for the Colony of New South Wales. SUPPLEMENTARY MAIL BY THE COLUMBIAN. —By an advertisement signed by the Post- master-General, it appears that a Supplemen- tary Mail will be despatched this evening at 6 p.m. by the A.S.N. Company to overtake the Columbian. The mails by the Victoria con- sisted of 113 boxes, 2 bags, and 4 packages, containing 15,880 letters and 24,923 news- papers. SPORTING.— The first snipe shot this season in the neighbourhood of this town was brought down at King's Plains on Friday last, by Mr. Potticary of the Shearers' Arms Inn, and we deem the early acquisition of such bonne bouche to the epicurean worthy of a place among our notabilia ; still more happy should we have been to have pronounced our verdict upon its gastronomic excellencies. KING'S PLAINS NATIONAL SCHOOL. — The efforts of our King's Plains' neighbours to esta- blish a National School, have, we are happy to say, been crowned with success. Captain Tre- varthan has placed a building at the disposal of the Local Patrons, and two competent teachers have been appointed to conduct the school, who passed through Bathurst yester- day (Tuesday) on their way upwards. We con- gratulate our King's Plains friends upon the success of their movement, and now that a brighter day is dawning upon them, we trust that they will, to the utmost of their power, co- operate with the teachers, in the removal of the educational destitution which has long dimmed the future prospects of the rising generation. BURGLARY.— On Sunday evening last, when the servant of Miss Haselton, the mistress of the Roman Catholic School, at, St. Michael's, returned home from church, she discovered a man holding a lighted candle in the parlour of her mistress' house, in Keppel-street, and on her giving the alarm, he immediately locked the cheffonier with a key, which must have belonged to him, rushed into the bedroom, and having got through the window, managed to escape over an adjoining fence, whence his steps were afterwards traced. It was discovered that a small box had been broken open, and about £5 10s. in gold and silver abstracted. Although the police have been on the alert to discover some clue which might lead to the detection of the miscreant who perpetrated this heartless robbery, their efforts have been hitherto unsuc- cessful. THE APOLLONICON MINSTRELS.— A Mr. Wm. Stevens, who is not ashamed to confess that he is a member of that musical (?) corporation y'clept the Apollonicon Minstrels, takes excep- tion to our stricture upon their public perform- ances, through the columns of the Times. Of course Mr. Stevens is very abusive and writes about as vulgarly as he sings. He imputes all sorts of motives but the right one to the writer of the paragraph in question, and insinuates that a little patronage in the "job-printing" depart- ment would have purchased a more favourable criticism. If Mr Stevens' estimate of the Press was a general one we should be ashamed of our vocation, and would quickly change it for some honester calling. It matters little however, what Mr. Steven's thinks upon the subject or what our motives are. The question is — can Mr. Stevens and his Apollonicon brethren sing ? Are the strictures he complains of truthful or otherwise? In telling Mr. Stevens that neither himself nor his Apollonicon associates can sing, and that their performance was a bare- faced imposition, we are only speaking the sen- timents of that portion of the community who were unfortunately victimised by their pompous high-sounding announcements, and the public writer who could be bought by any amount of " job-printing" or any other pocket consideration, so far to prostitute his pen as to pay the ghost of a compliment to himself, or the company with which he is identified, would richly deserve to be flogged at a cart's tail. Disposed to encourage a taste for rational amusement we have always, as far as was con- sistent with honesty, adopted a forbearing policy. Our motto has been " Be to their virtues very kind " And to their faults a little blind." But in such a case as that of the Apollonicon Minrtrels, forbearance would be little than a a crime. Hence it was that, in the performance of a public duty we expected the impudence and effrontery of a posse of strollers who seek to eke out an idle existence by a species of extor- tion, and if we have succeeded in buttoning up the pockets of any of our neighbours by a timely caution, we are satisfied that for once, at all events, we have done the state some ser- vic." COURT OF REQUESTS— We are obliged by a press of matter to postpone our report of the cases heard oa Monday and Tuesday in this Court. 