. THE RING IN: OLD ENGLAND. A .-?? ? (rKOM OOlt OW7J OORJIBSFOSTOHT.) ' ' BEIT CAVSV AHS» WAT JkANCWAlfT. ? f\Vo lmvc to apo'ogizo to our rc&Hcrj; {or baying in our S2nd innn! or misinformed them as to tho result of tht? Sght. As wo i-tatou1 at iho time, no sporting poperB ciunoto hand Iiy tlio SwifthT-'re, bot wo obtained ourin ; formation from a gentleman who, bad left England since tliebittle, and who assured us that ho tin positive as to itiaulhajiticily. ' Ah we know that ho could have no motiyo whatever in deceiving us, wo placed implicit re linoce on liis statement, la our last number, although ?ot in receipt of our files, we stated tho [correct result 11 IDC UgM.j ..?..,.??; :.?' i ' . ? . j ..,; i Well ; tU«8e two -worthicB, crewhile. sucU eonstnt ' friend' and boon companions, havo not in the pugilistic circle to BeUlo the angry diffotenco which bad eprnng ?p between them. And they havo not settled it 1 No, i after a Hgbt en ending to CO rounds, by which time the ?un had retired from our upper world, tho men left the rine ; a eonoral impression prevailed, as they1 were seen , to sLako each other by the hand, that the battle was not ▼it!: tho strong ; that it was not with tho artistic ; that in abort the battle was a drawn one, andthe men were : friends again. Yon will receive by this mail a full and ? amplo account of the whole c- ntest in detail, and ' some very interesting matters preliminary to the fight. Y- u . ?will learn thorcby howjDan Dismorc, on behalf of Lang h»m, and Jemmy Shaw and Ben B'ltler for Caunt, agreed to hire two steam boatn, first and second cbvs to convoy passengers to the scene of action — how that these boats wero to proceed to Tilbury — how the two ?. principal porformors with their friends were to go^by Wio train which leaves at 7.5'J a.m. to join the boats — how the plnce was changed from Tilbury to Southend — . how Ben C.iunt didn't coino to tho station at 7.50 — how ' when the r-st of .tho party arrived, Ben wasstill missing — how at length lie arrived by a special steamer, the /Jen Soil, at twn o clock — how a squabble ensued with Ben ' Butler, about the fares of ji&tscngers; by Bteam-bo»t — and how at length, tho while flotilla, no less than four itoamcrs, av.d hosts of smaller craft set mil, and steam, and far for the' battle field, within the fenced ring of ?which the mon proceeded to business at /our o'clock. \- Ben is described as a study for a sculptor, with the : po lite reservation tbat ho lack* a liandeoino mug ; and Nat as presenting in the phiz a smooth ami healthy- looking akin ; -.vitli h frame well developed in muscle. The bot tinfC was 5 and 0 tn 4' on Cannt. Now, this fight lms S'von Tt o t«a discussion as to whetbor it is legitimate ritinh bovint? for a man to fall advisedly to escape pun iabm--nt ; and that th s question should have arisen is not matter - if surprise, when one reads tho detail of the aamo. and find- the termination of each round recorded ' after this wise ; 1. Nat down laughing ; 2. Nat down ; 3. Nat down out of harm's way ; 4. Nat dropped ; 5. Nat fell ; 6. Nat got down ; 7. Nat down clumsily. Caunt carefully stepping ever him ; 8. Xatfill; 9. Nat down; 10. Nat brought mother earth ; ...11. ditto; 12. Nat. down at the ropes ; 13. Nat fell; 14\. .Vat slipped down ; 15. Nat got down, Caunt ro frainni; fro n filling on him ; 10. Nat droppod; 17. Bon bored his man down ; 13. Nat down ; 19. Nat fall; 20. Nat down. And soon through all CO rounds. Why, one aicktns tu road Biich things. Is this the . xiauly staud-np fighting of which the pugilist boasts? Is tbix the vaunted autidi-toto the knife? Why tho enH and li n of pugiMin, an an art. is, or should be, SELF DEFKWB But iu the ordinary and practical con ? ? fliots of life, would thin dropping system bo tolerated ? Wo'i!d it ' e pravticttblo ? Just observe, .that in a ma jority of the nmndu, Xat, the livelier; and moro active . man. ilnala ut a ptintnliint; blow ; and theu we. read im mediately dropped/ The fisht was to my mind a ;me ?? laucholy s eclaslo; a distressing evidence of a decadence in jmirilitni. And the manor a strong public opinion oheckft i-ff.etnally the nys'tm and down dropping tho . ', Iwtt-ur. i 'Hunt was never down through tho whole con ? test ; oml f cannot Imt, adrairo the real manly and for heading behaviour which lie displayed on this occasion. 'Wliy. fomutiincs Nat wjiB down so suldonly, and so ab ruptly, that lio was under his opponent's foet ; and Ben Wto *o careful that ho did not tread upon him.' It will bo -con hy'thii dutailod reports that it is argued for Nat t!:at lib ia too light a man for Ben. Well, then, iletinen -o different in weight not fight at all. Read-— . read oarolully, the admirable letter of JomWard, itset tlos tlio question— there is no replyirg to it. Tho letter ?f.' Do.1,1' in reply to (sin, is an unfair sarcasm upon , Jem, who W/n always a manly stand-up fighter, in tho ?tricieit.su so ; and certain I am that the great bulk of BritUh pu^ilUta, and thuir patrons, feel that it is quite timu a refirm took place nil this point. It is really ft Pitv, . however, tliat t;c8f men clionld meet again; but ? .fight-.: they 'really will. N'nt has been obstinate in his por*fBtcnce to ng'itout tho contest to acfoi-(?) — perhaps that's not tlio |,r.ipi-r word— to a termination, Bay. And ''-Ban, in reply, states that hii frfouda ar« anxious that he '.?houlil figlit it ought ; and ho is, therefore, willing to ? light for the money down in fix or oisht weeks from 1 Tues'Ur, October Mj—tht fight, to It fought out tilrlctly according to t/ic letter of tht rules of tin ring. To this Nat responds— he will fight on the proposed terms, prowled licn-mitl. promise not to fall oh him. or hug ?\ him, or squeeze him at tin ropes. Ho; if tho fight bo re newed, perhaps, it will ba on a butter-conducted plan of operation ; and 'the affair settled in ft, proper «ports .-. mant-.ka fediion. The following is tho report of the fight, a* published in DeVC'.Lifem London : — ? Bon liuint wa* born March 22nd. 1815, near Nottln Amu, his l-er«ht is lift 2J in, and his weight 14 st 7 Ib. Hoeiimmoncod liis fighting career on the alat of July, 188i. byfightin,- Beiidigo, for £25 nuido near Apploby Houso. 'J j rounds wero contested, and Bendv was de ' «lared the wit-ner. On tho 17th of August, i8?7, Ben beat Dick Butler, of llucknall, n 12 st man, in 14 rounds, imar Stoneyfonl. In Hid same year he fought BauiFor 1, a limn standing 0 ft 4 in, who was called Tho Maypda Only fix round's wore fought, and Ben had it all bin own way j but in tho end a wranglo ensued, it being -'eclarod that Canut Bfruck Ilia man foul, and ?reutually Bamford got the money. His next battle wan his Rocorid with lloudigo. It was for £100 aside, and took placo on Skipworth Common, Torkshiro, April 3. 183S. It was iho fii-t introduction of any one ! oonnectod with our journal to cither Bendy or Caunt, and -rom tho descrip inn of the wlinlo affair, must have been a scene of anythiugbat an iuviting cbaractor. Tho Nottingham Lambs, whoso penchant for the Bold Bendy ??-u well known, mustered in oxtranrdinary force, and thruatoiied Caunt au'lhis friends with evory kind of ? -riolencu if they could not havo it all their own way. Bendy adopted his uanaUtyle of hitting, dropping, and then jumping tip anil following hia man as he wont to lus comer, and giving him a dig, whilo Ben, whose sci ? cotific .?equiromen!-. wefo uovor first-rate, rosorted to tho hugging ayiitom, aud repentedly hung npon his man at toe riijioH, thereby Kradually exhausting his itrength. Banity*! hitting was torrifio, and Bon's mug received ?ooh a painting t:mt it never got over. Eventu ally, as ia well-known. Bendigo fell without a blow in tho7»tli round, at tho ond of fiO minuten, and the re foren, a Mr. Lockwood, although threatened with diro puniflnnent, decided in favour of Cannt. Bon was in utautly romovod from tho ring, but had to out and run to s.tvo himsolf. He was ? rat drap ged out of his carringo by Uendy's frionds, and then, on cscaphig from thorn, -and mounting a horae, was nulled down, and would h»vo boon roughly handled hrul not a fow good men and truo stuck to him, and got him through tho difficulty. ? As ib'wiu ho had to walkto Solby, from whenco ho man ? agod to get safely ,to his inn. Hoof course received tho ?Ukd'. Aftor this he appoars to havo done nothing . aatil hia fight with Br.isfey, on the 27th October, 1840. A fresh mntrh, it is true, was mado between ' him and Bendigo, which ended in u draw, and there was tome , .??jw-ruj|;auiTub h wuujii uutweeu jiim and tue poor old :; Deaf un, whioh ended in smoko. Tho fight with Bras , »oy took placo at Six Mile Bottom, Cambridgeshire, and. Although anything but suiantific, was a rattling, exciting ' mill, aud heavy punishment was dolivered on both aides. ., ? ? 10). rounds wero fought in 00 minutes. In the middle ,., of thought Brassoy hit hi« man 8D heavily that Ben was i all abrqad, and, had Bnifsoy ateadiod himself, ho must have won. Ho \yns, however, too anxiouR, and boring . '...w-wlthnut prooiaion, did no oxooution, and Ben was able to recover hininelf, and ultimately to adminieter tho \- . eatep rfe prac«. Braansy was a fino, powerful young fol low, about eixfeet high, and woighmg. 12 «t 8 lb. Ho, ,! like moat of , Ben's adversaries, adopted the get-down ..; a/stom, and his Btylo is thus oommentod upon in BelVs JLAft of tho period :— ' Caunt was invariably the first to , fight, but led off with nothing like precision; rnpoatodly .,;. mieaing hw blows and np|»r-out«, many, of ?whloh, had ,-..?.; they told, 'would havo been terrific. Brassoy seemed to ;ba fully , aware of this medo of assault, and oenorally : -? w»it«a until ho got within Caunt'a enard, and thuisuo -, ;'«eedod in adminiBkring huavy punishment. This point ,f j #006 pained, ho lost no tiino in getting down, faollne 'ooofident that in closo contact he would not have a I , cbftuco to escape annihilation.; This, although t'ar from a ', popular modo of conteit, considering tho inotualityof ..;. tho men in height and weight, is certainly to come ex. \- tent excusable, and. the only surprise is that so compa .V rativoly small a man shou'ef havo endured no much be ;, fore ho oriod ' enough,' Tho rcpoatcd visitations to his ,..\riUs from Caunt'u right mawloy, or, ( eledgo hammer,' 'were Boarchinc in tho oxtremo, and led'to tho belief that ' ' throo of hut ribs ha 1 boon lirokon, although subsequent axumination proved that ho was only labouring under | ,.' tho effects of Bovoro vontusiona and inward bruises. In like manner tho rigut-lmndod deliveries behind his left ?ar, oa tho oar itself and on tho left oyo and jaw ? as woll on tho loft-hauded .jobs — wore so far from jocular, . UiAt wo wero not tuir|-ri-wl tho vi- comica had ccasoil to b» displayed on his dial ; and when to theno visitations are added hia ropentod fnll*, with the woight of Caunt oocaaioiiRlly sujieradd d to his own, and thin in snoh ra pid succession, tho only woudor is tbat he should have told out so long. Cnunt, in hia moihui opcrandi, wants a knowledge of tlio art. Like tho yokels of old, before tho prlncijiaUi of meebnni.Hui wore discovered, ho has to learn tho piopcr application of hia strength; of whioh iid ho pobbo.is tho requisite- kuowledgo, he might bid flofionce not only to such a man ns Bramoy, but ovon to Hie caperings of an avalanche. IIo is not like most intn of his n\r.?, slow ; on the contrary, ho in too quick, nud for tho want of judicious deliberation— like the rim away ntoaiH-eui;inu without an attcntivo engineer— ho ovonshootH bin mark. Thin, if it bo posaiblo, ho ought to correct, and, \vhilo ho husbands his strength, whore ho does apply i.t, ho aliould measure not only hisdistanco hut tho tattles of liin oiijiouont. Had ho waitod for his ?' man, iriHtend of lending off with a rush, ho inu»t have broUj/M yiou3oy down ovory round, for nothing could f&dst; the forco of his lioavy motal, If properly oppliod.' ITow far theso remarks apply to tho affair now in hand, .will bo seen in the sequel. On tho 2nd of February in the year after tho above mill, Ben met and fought Nick Ward (Jem's brother), a young,, powerf nl man; about six feat high, aud weighing 12 fit ]01b, 'and one. wol. ac quainted with the theory aud practice of the ~.rt ho pos sessed. Nick, like most of Caunt a opponents, resoitid to ths dropping gaiao: and in the sevonth round, Ben, in a fit of passion at Nick'a falling, bo far forgot himself as to deliver two hot ones on ? tho middle of the head while Nick was on h'n knc«s, and so lost the. battle, t'en was not long in miking a' fresh match, and tboy met agaiu, on tho 11th of May following, at Long M ars den, for JI109 aside. They fousht 35 rouudj in -47 minutep, Nick still eoUinj down ;' but; ultimately. ho out it ;-boing convincod injiis own ~£siin« iliii »«i tho better man. Caunt was now pr-'Claimod champion of England, and was presented' with » belt^ at Jem Burn's. He Bhortly afterwards started :for Amori'-aon a tour, and rcturheuto this country in March, ,1842,, in com nany with Charles Freeman (tlie American (rlant)i and it was not long aftenvaids tint lie went into busi ness, at liis present hostclric, tho Coach and Hurees, St. Martin's Une. Here he wa3 penuitted to remain unino-. lested for about thrco years, when Bendigj, who had been on theahclf for sorao time, owing to a fracture of his knee cap, once more camo f.mvaid to' disptttu lien's titlo to tho championship, and challenged him for- 200 aside and the belt. The fight took place Sept. 9, 1815, oa the borders of Oxfordshire, v. hither tho immense crowd bad, with no little dirBcuity, been driven by Mr. Goddnrd, the chief conntahle of Northamptonshire, and it will long live in tho momories of those who witnessed it as tho xcoat disorderly, ruffi inly 'eiln'.'ition, on the pait of the Nottingham Lambs, that over took place. These gentry at tho former battle worked. hanl for their pot, but on the occasion in question, nothing could qx ceed their bullying, and from first to last Caunt never hod the ghost of a chance of fair play. Tho roferce was threatened with instant death, and was in anything but an onviablo position. Bandy round after round stole upon his man and hit him heavily, falling immediately to avoid tho hug, and upon his conduct on th* occasion, we again quote a few remarks from Sell of tho period. ' We deny, however, that'Bendlgb's'. stylo, of' osaault is cither fair or honourable ; it is, on tho contrary, treach erouB, and differs widuly from our notions of ' a fair stand-up fight.' It may be raid that so small a man as Bcndigo in opposition' vo a man of Catmt's superior height and weight was justified in ' having recourso to stratagem, and that' ' all is fair in war ;' tliis we deny : and the rules of English boxing aro utterly opposed to such practices. Tho greatest coward that evor(brcathed might conquer tho bravest if he is to be allowol to wait till he has a chance of administoiini; punishment, and thon throw himself down to avoid a retun ; and if so email a man can only compete with a bigger man upon such terms, he ought not to make a match. If ho outers tho ring as a British boxer, he must abide byi|Uef.ru'es of British boxing, and violating thorn ho ought to suffer the penalty of his own conduct. Thut BoDdigii ia a bravo man, a hard hitter, and possessed of good science wo readily acknowledge, and we know of no man of the same weight and ago now in tho field who could suc cessfully compete with him. In his contest with Cannt, however, thesa qualities were dimmed by the adoption of the most objectionable tricks. Over and over again did hejereep on his man with the stealthy cunning of a tiger, deliver the most smashing hits, and then drop down, and laugh at ths success of his tactics. By tbia moans ho punished hiB adversary, and almost escaped punishment himself. Is this conduct that Jem Ward, the lato Champion of England, .'aud th'u ' moat accom plished boxer of the a^-e, can apnrovo or defend ? We liava seen him over and over ngani at the scratch, and never saw him guilty of an act which was riot consistent with fair and manly bearing ?. but without going to the top of tho treo, wo would ask any of tho men who, like Jem Ward, have distinguished thoiusclves for thoir manly bearing in the rim:, whether sueh conduct is cha racteristic of fair fighting? The answer, we are per suftded, would be to the same effect. The casa would bo different if a man of superiors^ and bulk wero wan tonly to attack a little man elsewhere thin iu tlieP.lt.,; in such a dilemma any etratngom might be excusable; but if men agree to meet in the milling arena, to fight for fame or lucre, they inust bo bound by the rules which all professors of their art recogniso, or cease to bo long to the pugilistic sohool. Again, when a round is finished, and an antagonist, in that belief, is retiring and offhisguard.is itconsintentwithfalrplaysuddcnlyto jump up, and unexpectedly administer a blow, perhaps, behind his back, when he is tnta'ly unprepared for de fence 1 Who will Bay that such a stratagem in fair fight is allowable ; and yet, can it be donicd that Bendigo re poatodly hadrecouraotosucli.amodeOf at-ack? With these facts before us, can wo for biio momout admit that Caunt has been fairly beaten, or' that the matr to whom victory has been awarded by tho referee, is hun ourably ami honestly entitled to possess the enviable, position of Champion of England ? '' Of Caunt it is ro-. marked that ho was deficient in science and . utterly' wanting in knowlcdgo aa to tho uso of tho giftsj that na ture gavo him.' This was Ben's last appearance until Tuesday last, and we think that his best friends will not deny that it would havo boou far better if, after the lapse of so-many years, ho had declined ngain to ent r u pi o uutu iu iiuiuii, Ab UVS UU1B OI llltf, SUEUIU^ IB likely to bu gained. For the present battle ho trainel at bis old quarters, tho Greyhound, at Hatfield Wood side, and by dint of severe work and great abstinence, reduced himself from 17 st to H st 7 lb- Ho was always a very fast runner, and wo aro given to unilerstaud that during his training ho gavo many proofs that this gift had not lufthim. ? - j Having now given our readers a sufficient dose of Ben Caunt, we must claim thoir attention for a -brief space to record the doings of old Nat. Tho Lricontor Pet was born in 1320, at Hiuckloy, Leicestershire, and his fight ing weight is about II st, his height being A ft IU in. His first oncauutcr was for 15 aside, with ono Ellis, At Hinckley, tfobruary 2nd, 1843, and was won by 'Nat in eight rounds. After this lie came to Lon Inn, and hav ing shown soino points as n nparrer, was taken in hand by Ecu Caunt, and beoamo a regular frequenter of his sparring room. HiB first sppoaranco in tho London' ring was with Tom Lowe, acoalheayor, noighing about 12 st. They fought fora purse, on tlio' 7th of May, 1W4, in tho same ring as Joo liostuck and the Wyohwood Forister. Nat had no fighting shoes, and fought in his stockings. 43 rounds wero got through in BU miuutos, when' the Coaloy cried ? a go.' It was a good mill, and Nat dis played somo points which indicated future greatness. On tho 12th June, 1815, ho defeated Doctor Camboll, a man considerably bigger thnn hirusolf, in 30 minutes und 25 rounds. Ho then, on the 2Hrd of Soptembcr, 1840. fought Guttoridgo who stood (bout 5 feet 11 inchesi and woiRhod 11 at 7 ib, for i25 aside. It was a long fight, lasting 03 minutes and 85 rounds, aud was won clovorly by Nat, who displayed much of the oxtraordiuary judg ment ho has since shown in timing his blows so well as to prove him ono of tho best judges of distance out:1 Oa tho 4th of May, 1847, ho fought and boat Harkosiflho Australian), for 1 150 aside, in 07 rounds and G3 minutes. Hero, Nnt'ii clcverucBS a^ain enabled him to* pull through with comparatively littlodainago to himself, and this too, against a man of no' mean repute in his .own country. ' Nat was now uonble to meot with an oppo nent anywhere near his own woight, who fancied taol: Un« him, uud for somo tiino was laid up in lavondor. At length in 1871, Harry Orme, who, although not quite so tall, ib much heavier than Nat, challenged our hero afterhis (Orme's) first fight with Aaron Junta, and on the 0th of May, they met, for £50 aside, at Lower Hope Point. Nat, whoao anxiety to soe tho sun riso had often kept him out of bed until unheard of hours, was by no meansso fresh as heretofore, but still ho and Onnomade ivm(wt. ftYiM-nrmfc tliBTtlnir. pT nf wrLa ii-Aalr T,,,f til. .^.n.. and judgniont enabled him for a long timo to cope with tho superior strength of his opponont. Early in the fight he wu heavily thrown, Ormo addinghis weight to tho fall, and Nat was all abroad, but by caioful ntming was got round, and for 117 rounds tho bravo fellows contested the ground inch by inch. Ho got woakor ovory round, but his popn'gradually blinded Ormo, who was still strong on his legs. Iu tlio end, howover, poor Nat had to succumb ; nature would not second his efforts, and for tho/irst time he had to cryanough. Nat aftor thiswent into business at Cambridge, and earned golden opinions amongst the undergraduates, with whom no was a universal favourita. Hia final battlo, prior to Tueedav, was with Tom Savers, for £100 osido, and tho Championship of tho mlddlo woighta, a title which Nat had claimed for himsolf forsomo time. The fight mutt be fresh in the JKcolloctiou of most of our ri adera. It came olfj October 18th,' 1851), at Lakonhciitb, and waa won by Nat, curoly through his oxtremo quiokneia and knowlcdgo of distnnoo, in 61 rounds and 122 minutos Sayers was not satisfied with the result; but Nat's hualth at tho timo v/us failing, and ho declined to niako a frouji match, bo that in the cud he resigned bis position to Tom -Sayors, who, as ovory ono knows, in Addition to thocham pionnbip of tho midillo vyuights, has obtainod for himsolf the summit of a pugilist's . ambition — tho Champion's Bolt. Nat's health for boiiio timo continued very in different, and last year his friends almost to a man thought him in a gallopping consumption. H o obtained advioo at tho Consumption Hospital, howovcr, and thcro ascertained that, hiB lungs wero not nffuctod, mid that his digestive organs olono woro out of order. He was still, howovor, bo weak, thut ovory ono was completely taken aback when it was announced that he was matched with his quondam frlond Caunt ; and no ono, as we havo al ready said, would believe that it would ever coino to a battlo, thinking it impiCEiblo for Nat to Btand the no ceESary ttaining. Into training, however, ho wout, first at Dover, aud then at Stockbridgo, and by stoadiucsi and pcrsovorance ho got himself into nplundiil fottle ; and, to onr minds ho cortaiuly looked biggur, stronger, find healthier, although of courao uomoirlut older than whon ho fought either Harry Ormo, or Tom Sayera. Wo httto now brought both our heroes to tho pout fit to go, amil ai our readers' stock of paticnoa must be protty well exhaunted, we must coino to 'time,' and proceed to our descriiition of THE FIGHT. Round ]. On tooing the soratch tho disparity botween the men waa of course extwordinary. Ben Caunt, barr ring his mug, waa n Btudy for a tculptor. Hij luiimuve frame, and powoiful legs and arms— tho former eot off to tho lieBt advantage by pink silk-istockingi and woll maile ilrr.worB—prosonted a tight .worth goiu;; somo dia tauco to uoo ; and an ho stood over old Nat any one would havo agreed with Jerry Noon, that it was ' Chel- sea IIoBpital to a sentry-box' iu his favour. Ho smiled good;humouradly', and had cloarly mado up his min-.l to win in a trot, Nnt wns, ns usual, clear iu skin, and neatly made at all poiute. Hia thoulders and trim woro well covered with muscle, aud for an encounter with a I man of his own size, he looked all that could be desired ; but, as to his being a match for Ben Caunt, it seemed too absurd to becredited, an'l fow, wo think, expected to see him ' perform ' with anything liko effoct. His attidude, aaofyoro, waa perfection; and his damerouB left was playing ubout closa . to his Bide all iu readiuess for ono of bisno.it deliveries as Ben came in. ' Caunt stood just as ho ovcrstood, very square on his pins, hi3 biawny arms almost straight out before him, which he ever and anon moved backwards and forwards with all! the; deliberation of a couple of pendulums. He bad come, however, out to spar, but to fight, and after very little fcint'ng he went up to, Nat, who retreated towards tho ropes, and Ben at length lunged out left and -right* ;:^t citiisgNat with tho former on thorite, and Nat was down; laughing. _ : ' ,',' V ^ «? 1 : 2. Both very quick to time. Caunt walked after Not, sawing the air with both fins, an 1 Mh«'gpi'eluBe-bo hjst oiit bis left, but Nat, quick as lightning;, shot' out his left on the kisser, drawing .rfnjj blood from Ben's upper lip, and got down. ? ?;'-.??.''' 3\. After a littlo dodguig, Nat feinted, and lot'fly hiB loft straight on tho jaw. Slight exchanges followed ou the side of the wig block, and .Nat was again' down out of harm's way. '' ' ..'-.'.' ' i. No timo cut to waste, Caunt went ' to his man and poked out his left, just catching Nut on the chin, aud Nat dropped. . 5. Nat fiddled Bon to within distance, and then pop ped his larboard daddlo -on lici.'s jowl, which led to heavy exchange?, Can nt getting on to Nat's cranium abovo tho left peeper, and receiving ou tho check, and Nat fell. G. After ono or two passos| they got cIobc, and very slight exchanges took place, whon Nat got down. 7\. Caunt stalked up to Nat, swung his mawley* slowly round, aud thon dropped tho left on Nat's left check, Nat nailing him prettily at tho same tiino on tho loft squinter, ami Nat down clumsily, Caunt carefully stepping over him. 8\. Caunt again approached Nat, and lungei out hiB left, Nat countering him quickly on tho right peeper. Ben got homo on the lit cheek, and Nat fell. 0\. Nat dodged about for an opining, and then got sharply homo on tho left cheek C'auut returned Tory slightly on tho side of the nut, a:id Nat down. 10\. Both sparred a littlo for wind, but soon went to closo quarters, when, after a very slight exchange on tho forehead, Nat sought Mother Eirtli. The 11th round was precisely similar to this. . 12\. Nat, after a few pajaen, got within distance, and shot out his left aa'straiglit a-i a dart uu Ben's cimk, in Dieting an ugly out ou the b:id_:o, and drawing more clarot. The blow ba I double force from the fact that Ben was coming in at tho timo. lie bored in, and Nat got down at the'ropc'. ' ? 13\. Nat again timed bis man jjdgmatically with his leftontheprobo«oi-, and sUpued down from the force of the blow. Ho recovered himself, however, and aftor k littlo sparring, got sharply mi. BanV ' tenor trap,' Bon retaliated, but not effectively, on Nat's cheek,! and Nat fell. ?'???.'.'-. : '. '?'?'? ''?'?? ! ' 14\. Nat feinted, and dropped smartly on the sn.-rer. Hetried again, but ini)3od, and in getting' away slippod down. ? '' ''? ' ',-' '? ??- -\ '? '? ' ?' \ '? 15\. Langham missed his left,' and ulight exchanges followed at tho roprs, whcroKat got down, Cauntnguin, in the most man'y way, refraining fro.n falling on him, as ho might havo done as he went dow: -. ? '? 1G. Ben took tho first iiiovk. »n,l gut home, but not heavily, on'Nat'sjaw. Thoy th'n sparrod'a bit, and on getting close, Caunt lungod out his one, two, on Nat's loft cheok, but the Mows appeared ' to have no otcain in them. Nat popped a straight one 011 the ;lelt brow, and dropped. ' 17\. Slight oxchanges, no damage,' tal Ben bnrcdhis man down at tho ropes. ' 1H. Nat let fly his loft, but Bon wastoo far ofl; Bon howevtr, went to htm, and slight cxclmuge^ took placo, Nat on tho mark, aud Cauut ou the Bide of the bend, and Nat down. ? , 19\. After slight exchang- s, Ben Rot, homo sharply on tho back of Nat'« brain pau, an I Nat fell: 20\. Notimel'rt. They walked up to ono another, andatonco lot fly, Caunt -m Nivt's forehead, and Nat on tho left hrow, ami Nat down'. 21\. Good exchanges, but Ntt Rirai^btest,' getting anotborgoodono on lien's co'ik, aid renewing tho juice. Cannt touched Nat's foroh«ad; aud Nat down without a visible mark of puuiBbmohh ' ' ' ?:?'.-. 22\. Caunt rushed at Nat, wh-, being close to the ropes, Blipped down to avoid. An appeal of foul wa« made, but not by the umpires. The referee, howovor, tont Nat's umpire to him to caution him. * 23\. Nat fiddlod and dod.'od until Oaunt drew back bis arm, whon pop went the left on lion's cbook. Ex changes followed, ii.-n. gertiug on Ben's left pei-pur, and . Ben on tho brow, and Nat down. ? !. \ 24.' Slight exchange*; Bo:i ou the forohoad, and Nat ,\Jown. ?''??'. 251 Nrat missed his first delivery, but in aeoeond effort caught Ben on tlie body, Caunt retaliating with a swing ing ronnd hit on tho crani'im,- and Nat down. : ' 26\. Sharp exchangoH ; Nut oil the gob, and Ben on the side of the canister, aud Nat down, Ben, as u«ual, stop ping over him, but arking him why ho did Lot stand up aud have a round. . ' , ' 27.Bou went to his man,'1 and began business by lunging out both hanriV, but ho missed, and Nat poppeit' his left 611 the vrhUtlcr. Uou, however, returned on tho cheek, just. drawing claiot, anil Nat down. i ' 23. Ben again succue led in reaching Nat'a cheek With his right, drawing more ruby, and Nat fell. : 29 and 30. After tho moat trifling 'exchanges in these rounds, Nat got down, much to the anuojame of Ben,' who, bbwevor, presorvod his good tumpor,. and merely remonstrated' with hia cunninj; opponent. . ? 81\. Nat dodged and popped his left sharply on tho maziard, rccoived the merest uxeuao for a blow, ! and dropped. . ? . . ? ] 32\. In this rounl tho exchanges were very tti^ht, but Nat's were straightost. Aa usu il he was doira. ' 33\. Nat crept in, let &\- his lu't on Bon's lip, which ho cut,' and Nat fell on his back from the forco of his own Wow. ???;..;.. .. ; '?'. i ' ' 3t. Ben, whose warblor was bleodiug, rushed at Nat, and regularly, borod him down. . - ? ' To go into details of tho next fow rounds, would be morely a repetition of what wo have alien! y written. Nat feinted, dodged, timtd his man .with Mho froatoit Erocisiou whenever he moved 1i7h arms, ami althouiih is blows did not ssom very heavy they Mill wero always ' there or thereabouts,' and poor old Hcu'e ui'ig twjau to bo all shapes. Tho manly fellow, howoi e % never grumbled ; he went atrai;ht up to lie planted upon, and although he occasionally pot homo a bo ly blow, or a round hit on thoBidaof Nat's occiput, Btill he left no visible marks.' Ones or twiae Jemmy Shaw claimed foul on the ground that Nut fell without a blow, but Nat was cunning onough to koop just within tho pale of tho law, . Thcro u not one round in vfhioh ho did not go down, aud Ben ? inv riably walked to his corner.' In tho 43rd round Ben got ihe first knok-down tilow on Nat's forohoad. In tho 4SHi ho bustled iu with dospora tion/but Nat mot him full in tho month, and then on the snorter, with his left, drawing tho crimson from each, Bon returned on tho top of tho foieliead, and Nat got down. i ' ??..'? ' v 49\. Natcropt in craftily, and popped a little one on tho snuffer-tray, and this led to a tremondoun counter hit, Caunt on the chock, and Nat on tho jaw very hea vily, dravirig raoro ruby, Nat fell, his nut fij-at reaoh ing the ground, and Ben staggored to his cornor evi dently all abroad. By great oxertionB, and a li tio extra timo, hia Bcconds got him up to tho scratch: Nat, how evor, waa not iu a much boitor state. Both were so vcrcly shaken. CO. Nat on coming up was ovidontly alow, bu*, to tho surprise of ovory oue, bIiowciI no mark of tho hit in the last round, whiio Bon's kissor waa considerably awry, and he was scarcely himself. Now would havo been uangnam's time, uut no jimi not sircngtu to go in. After a short spar, Ben got on to Nat's jaw, staggering him ; Nat returned sharply on tbo loft oyo and nozzle. Aftor hoavy exchanges 011 the body, Not fell. ; . . Til. In this round Bou jut-t BiiBscd Nat as ho was1 fall-' ing, and caught tho stake very heavily with hia ilofe, wliioh was thereby rendered useless, or nvarly so. From this to the 0 th and last round, thore was nothing to call for particular notice. Nat pnnmud his dofunsivo tactics, and his pop for nothing when thore was a ohanco. Sti'l, hnwover, old Bon kspt swiugint; hu dongoroua limbs about, and overy now and thon got heavily on Nat's Vi'ly, and loft Bhoulder, and occasionally on tho ton of his head. Nat fell ovory round, but oftetitlmos ho aid to do it so quickly, owirg to tho closo. proximity of Ben, that he fell most awkwardly for himsolf, ant ho must havo boon Buakcn Boveroly. Ho gradually got tired, and Caunt, whoso dial was much cut about, was ovidontly putzlod what to be at. : At length, iu tho sixtieth round, after a little sparring, and a slight oxchanuo, tiny utood and lookod at one another, aud rubbed thoir chests. Neither seemed diBposod to begin, and it was pretty clear tbat oach had tho nnmo ond in viow, namely, to protract tho battlo until it was dark. £a h, doubtless, felt that ho was unable to finish that day, and did not fool diuposod to throw a chanco away by going iu 1 and getting an unexpected finisher at close quarters. After standing Bevoral minutes, Dan Dismore came to us,' and said it was a pity that men who had been snob oloso frieuda shoulu jirocco I any further with hostilities, aud suggested that it would bo much bettor if they forgaro aud forgot their miairel, aud shook hands. We coincided with Dan in hia kindly opinion, mid ho thon took upon himself to go into the ring, and suggest »omo BU.h «r rangement, and in doing so said ho would gladly givo £5 out of his own pocket to ass them bury thoir. uni luumvjr wiuru mm biiuii, uiiu umw tucir ni,aKt;.i. i.auiit aaid ho waa willing if Nat wa», and after a littlo con Bidfcration Not hold out hia mawley, which was conliolly Bhakenby old Ben, and then Lan^'hani went with Caunt iuto tho corner of the latter, where hu shook hands with lion Butler and al»o with Caunt's sun. Dan Uiuuoro now loft tho ring, and on tbo reforco asking him what hod beon dono, Dan naid ' It in all over ; it's lettlcd.' Tho roferoo inquired whether tboy intended drawing altogether, and Dan Baid again, 'It's all dono with ; thoro will be nothing more dono in i* j' vr words to that effect, but no boliovo thoso wero Don's oxact ox preaslona. T'jo refcreo at once, on hearing thifl, ex proased his pleasuro at so ainicablo an arrangement, and on tho mon quitting tho arena, ho also left tho linj sido, hia ofllco of course coaoing, and on the faith of Dan's atatomont, ho at once gava un what bets ho held. Aftor boing tomo timo on board the boat, howevor, ho was somewhat staggered at being ncciibted by ono of Nat'ii Corinthian iiatrons, and Jock Mucdouald, who told him that Nat was quito astonished when thoy bad montionod to him that a draw had been agrocd to, and had declarea ?that such a thing never entorcd his hoad. Ho thought Dismoro meroly wished them to draw for the time being, and that tho reforoo would naino auothor cluy m tlioBame week to fight again. Tho rcforeo replied that his nn presnion certainly was that an arrangement had boon mode to draw .takes, or ho .hould not havo vacated his port; and this application on Nat's behalf took him to ?much bv surprise that ho did not know how his position wasai»ectod. It was a caso that hod never occurrol be foro, and ho must think it over. Nafs backer said ho jilsowas impressed at tho timo with tho notion that everything waa arranged, and hid loft the ring side : with that belief, but still ho thought tho refcreo had the power to uamo another day, as Nat had boon no rarty to aiiy final arrangement. At tho railway eWioii, on tho arrival of the br.»ia, tho referee called both the mon together, and nskod tbem,,in tho prcBonco of each other what the'/ had understood on loaving the ring. -Bon Cauut said ho undor.-tood thov wore friends again, ana were to draw their money, while Natrepeated tho state ment that had boon conveyed to tho referee by Jack Macilonald. Caunt ee;mcd quite taken aback, as did also his frionds. Dan DLunoro now coino up, and ro peatod tho statement tbat ho had previously made to ttto effect that he hid recommended tho men to Bhake bauds and bo friends, and ih .t ho had certainly ai\d ho would Rivo 15 out .if his own pocket to seo tho matter settled. Tboy hod shakou hands at Mb recommendation, and at the time it certainly bad been his impression that they would not fight again. Ho declined, howover, to tako upon himself tho rosponsibil:ty of Baying that either man hau aotually said anything about drawing stakes. Ihe referee was now completely nrnplusecd, aud said at that timo, and in auch a crowd, he could not undcrtako to give an opinion oither way, aud he then suggested that tho men and their frionds should meet at onr office tlio following day to discuss tho matter, wheu »11 were calm, and had had time to'think over the affair. Owing to the low Btatoof the tide when tho fight was over, and the narrowness of tho causeway to tlio boats, a great deal of time was lost in embarkation, irad not a fow of the travellers obtained mud bathB at a very much less price thau such a luxury would have cost m Ger many. Tho consequence of tho delay was, that tbo eight o'clock train was mixed, and there being no other until 0.30, the travellers, weary, muildy, «nd wet, but tol erably well satisfied with thtir entertainment, did not reach the metropolis until nearly twelve o'clock. Tli» following morning tho refotco took the oppor tunity of laying1 ibo caieheforo a Corinthian patron of tho art, who, althmigh no longer' a frcqnontor of the ring sido, was for innny years one of the Btanchost at tondants,1 and certainly has muro experionco in Buch (mattors than any amateur out. That gentleman, after thinkintt over thi.: matter for a few minuted, B»id he wa« of opinion thcro could ba no doubt as to the course 'of the referee. Tbero bad been, ho said, no apjiool to him to stop the fight— there was no reason for biB inter forenco, ss he could seo both mon perfectly, and ho had stated there was sufficient daylight for eight or ten more rounds. The men b»d shaken hands in tho ring, and, putting Dismore nnd his statement out of the question, as unnecessary adjuncts to tlio case, he was of opinion that. the l'uon, by voluntarily quitting tho ring without any appeal ocini; mnau »y meiuaoivcH, ur mwit uuii/111-0, bail clearly taken the whole affair out of tho referee's bands, and altogether deprived hini of any power in the matter. . ' . , . ?. At the appointod hour, both men and their friends wore inattondane at our iiffice— Nat all but scatheless, while Ben had an ugly cut on his nose, and his left pceper.wa3 partiilly cloiwd. Ho hod also other severe marks of punishment on' various parts of bis dial, and his hands were much puffed. Both men mado their statements. Cauut' repeated that ho fully believed Nat had agreed to dwy stakes when he shook hands -with him mid his undo, or, l,o should nevor hare consented tolea%eoff fighting, a^lbera was still daylight for ten 01 a dozen rounds. Ho wax t bou warn), and folt confi dent ho could have won. Ho was as strong as evor on hi' 1 gs, ami wai convinced that Nat had done all he knew. Uanghaui, in reply, denied that this was the cast). Ho understood that Dismore only proposed a jwtpOiOinent until another day, os.it was not likely thoy could finiBhtliat. evening, no shook hands with Caunt aud his uncle because lie did not think he ought to leavo tho ring without performing ' that ceremony. Dan Dimnoro r, p.-.-ited the statement he had already miide, adding that hu certainly was not authorised to say they had agreed to draw their money, whatever his own in .pntesion might havo been. , He was of opinion then thut it would have been a proper course, and thatopinion he still entertained ; and ho would\willin'ly give IS or X'l'iont of his own pocket to see them shake hands,' and imilio up their differences. Tom Savers, who was' also j-rcB» nt. Boid he bod left the ring with tho idea that his principal had agreed to diaw the money, and he had no idea until some timo, ? fterwards that Nat had contem plated a renewal of hortilitks. Tho reforec, after hear lug bo- li aides, said ho had thought tho matter ovor very carefully, and had coino to a conclusion in his own mind, beforo consulting the gentleman above referred to, and he was gl id to find that conclusion coincided with tho opinion of his adviser. The men bad taken tho' matter quite out of hishaiids. They had made an arrangement between themselves ; had shaken hands and left, tho ring, without asking his opinion, or appealing to him in any way, although he stood eloe to the ropes and stakes at the tiino thoy were shaking hands, and what other con clusion could bo arrive at than that thoy had amicablv settled their differences? That a misunderetnnding had arisen us to ftituro Hrrangem cuts wos to bo regretted, but ho had no power whatovor to namo anothor day. If his idvico wero nskod. it would bo that thoy ehould shako hands, but if thoy did not choose to do this, they must agree upon another day and place among them selves Nat at once proposed fighting ag»in on Satur day, tfi whidi Caunt objected. Ho said ho wat now stiff.'nnd bis hands wore iuiurcd. and rcnuired timo to get round. He believed a bone in one of hie fingers waa brokqn. ? As ho bad beforo said, he could havo finished it the laHio uiitht, but he should decline agreeing to tight again at proseiit. N t tliuii nskod whit he proposed, to whioh Ben said ho proposed that on tho liext occasion Nat should Btand up aud Hghtlikeo man. He could not fight a inim %yho.was always on' tho ground. A good deal of angrv'discussiou followed, Ben Butler ngain go ing beyond the bounds of decorum, whilo Caunt re mained perfectly quiet. Nat was, of courso, incensed nt' beiiig. baulked uf Mb rights, as ho considered them, but Btill thuro was no prospect of an arrangement. At length Nat asked Caunt to givo him somo portion of tho Btakss, as an iuducouient to draw, a proposition indig nantly Bcont ed by Caunt. This was the last offer. Tho men weie then informed that the referee had given his decision, that ho could not iuterfero, and it remained for them to agree between thotnaelves upon a timo and pla'-o. That thoy could do in some other placo, and at somo other timo, »nd both left our office, after cutting to wosto' much valuable, timo, without any ' definite ob ject boing gained. 