PUBLIC MEETING RELATING TO THE DEBT ON ST. J O S li P H'S CHUEC H. Sunday afternorn, a large meeting was held by the community attending tt. Joseph's Chuich, to devise means for defraying the debt that remains on that building, when tbe Utshop read tlie following address, which will explain the actual state of things, and, no, doubt, produce that eflfcet which deBired :— BELOVED or otra Loan,—You are too well awa'C, unhappily,that borne questions regarding temporal matters belonging to St. Joseph's Church, bave long delayed a final settlement.- At length, however, every obstacle has been moved. The laud on wliith the Church and- other buildings stand, has been duty conveyed, by grant from the Crown, lo the Trustees elected by you in December last. To effect this dtsirablc settlement. I have, relying on your faith, your zeal, and generosity, m»de myBelf personally responsible for Fifteen Hundred Pounds (£1500), and £15 12s. 6d, expenses in obtaining the Grant, and for the settlement of thiB long, pending question. The payment, therefore, of this £1616 12s. 6d. will render the Church and the whole of the adjoining property, free from all debt. The Church being now your indisputable property, let it not stand in debt. To you, then, I am compelled to appeal to assist in relieving me from this heavy burden 1 have ventureo to take upon me. ThiB appeal will not, 1 am sure, be rejected with a cold refusal, or cold indifference. I only aik of eAch one, what'he, or she, can reasonably give. 1 do, however, on this occasion, ask for something of every one, even a trifle from the child in the arms of its mother. Those, whom God has blest witb ample means, will, I trust, help me liberally and cheerfully; and remember Sacred Scripture tells us, tbat "God loves the 'cheerful •Giver " . Those who have received less, will too idoiibt give according to. their means. - The poor widow mentioned by nur blessed Lofjd, in the 19th chapter nf St. Mark, gave taprfl by her twp mites, than the Wch, who gave abundantly; because, solely for God's "honour, she gave " all she possessed." You are not'counselled, nor required, to give all you possess, but you are advised not to weigh with cold and niggardly feelings how little you can give; but with a generous and confiding heart, and'a^heeiful jnindJ to give freely: knowing,- that whatever <you bave, whether it be much or little, comeB from who is -' the giver of allgood«ifts." . • 'I maVe'this appeal tb you.'in'the hope that this burden may be speedily taken from me: —for, ro a great extent, as Jong as it presses upon me, my energies in many ways, as liishop, must be crippled, .and my efforts paralysed. "Once this burden is removed, by Heaven's blessing, I hope I. shall be in a position (if the Almighty spares me a little longer, and decrees that I should remain with you) to assist not only you in- your efforts to serve Him, and sanctify your souls, but also those who have an -equal clium upon me throughout the Island, ,' The common adage,- that "those who would be helped, must also help themselves," will, I feel confident, hold good on this occasion : and' in proportion as your zeal, faith, and generosity shall be manifested^ in proportion will there be generous hands stretched out far and wijie to help you I shall wish—and measures shall be 'adopted to secure it being carried into effect '—that ..the name, of every individual who shall : aid in this good work, shall be faithfully registered, ahd the amount he gives either at one time, or' weekly, or montly stated. '• - In conclusion, the beautiful exhortation made by >t Paul to his zealous converts at Corinth, Bhall now be addressed to you: and remember, for your comfort and encourgemcnt, that it was inspired by the Holy Ghost. "Now this I say: He who eoweth sparingly, shall also re jp sparingly : and he who eoweth in blessinse, shall also reap of blestings. " Every one its he hath determined in his heart, not with sadness, or of necessity; for God loveth the cheerful giver. "And God is able to make all grace abound in you; that ye always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work. "AS it is written : He hath dispersed abroad, he bath given to the poor : his justice remainclh for ever. "And h° that ministereth seed to the sower, will both give you bread to eat, and will multiply your seed, and increase the growth of the fruits of your justice." (2 Cor ix ) The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, find the communication of the Holy Uhost, he with you all. Amen." As soon as this apreal had been read, the following five resolutions were passed, without a dissentient vo.ee. Proposed by Mr. Anstev, M.H A., and seconded by "Mr. Murphy,— 1\. That this meeting wishes to express its gratitude to the Right Rev. the Bishop, for having taken upon himself the personal responsibility for the sum named in his paternal address, and pledges itself to use the most strenuous endeavours to produce funds, fur its liquidation, as soon aB possible. Pr«pused by Sir. 1 toper, and seconded by the Rev. W. Bond,— 2\. That in order to carry into effect the first resolution, it is advisuble that subscription lists should be immediately opened, and other measures adopted for obtaining funds Proposed by Dr. M'Carthy and secooded by Mr. John Doyle,— 3\. That the Vicar-General will be pleased to allow i wo persons to be placed at the door of the Church, each Sunday, in order to take down the names and receive the dopatinns of all who wish in contribute towards the fund ; and that he be advised to confide collecting books, to different persons of the congregation, in urder to mark down donations, or weekly nr monthly subscriptions, as proposed in the Bishop's appeal. Moved by Mr. 11 Hunter, and secoud.-d by Mr. M'Loutrhli t,— 4\. That'lhe Yitar.General l e requested to state from time to time the progress the fund makes, in order to encourage the zealous, and to Bpur on the lukewarm. Moved by Mr. Henry Doyle, seconded by Mr. 'ohn U'lJovle, — 6 Tli&t; the following tnemb.eis of the community be appointed to assist the Vicar- General in arranging plans and carrying out his suggestions for the buccess of the good work. A subscription list was then opened, and money to the amount of £316 7s actually paid on the table, and names, with promises given, for £201 more, making a totd.1 of £522 7s. We are informed thit further contributions have been s.*ut since the meeting was held. 