I We are glad to see that a movement is now on foot, having for its object the consummation of that Christian union which at one time it was hoped had been virtually effected, and which at another moment it was feared had been indefinitely delayed. It is, however, a matter of honest congratulation that in spite of the superficial ruffle caused by adverse winds, the tide of progress is still rising, and that the first memorial to the Bishop, unfortunately discouraged by the second, is now in course of being vigorously supported by a third. The memorial, herewith appended, is in course of signature and will, we believe, before presentation, contain a larger number of names than either of the others. It evinces a determination on the part of its promoters not to let slip the present favorable opportunity of cementing more closely than heretofore the bonds of Christian brotherhood. The following is a copy of the new memorial :-? " To THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS, LORD BISHOP OF ADELAIDE, &c.; "We, the undersigned, members of the United Church of England and Ireland, cordially attached to her doctrines, ritual, and polity, and generating her as an I honored branch of the Universal Church of Christ, believe, I nevertheless, that other ecclesiastical associations, national and otherwise, adhering to the same doctrines, though differing in their forms of worship and government, are also essential integral portions of the same evangelical catholic church. " We believe, moreover, that as members of this one church, in union with the same Divine Head par taking of the same grace, rejoicing in the same glorious hopes it is incumbent upon all to love as brethren, and though as yet unable to see eye to eye on matters non-essential, to exercise, meanwhile, mutual forbearance to hold the A faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life-and to emulate each other in works of charity, and in strenuous efforts for the world g every- generation and the church's purity. " Entertaining such sentiments, we have hailed with cordial satisfaction your Lordship's recent letter to a distinguished minister of another church on the subject of Christian union ; not, indeed, that we, any more than your Lordship, can reasonably indulge in the hope of such general organization of the churches as you have there sketched being speedily, if, indeed, ever realized, but because of the truly catholic Christian spirit that pervades it, and of the readiness it evinces on your part to recognize in the accredited ministers of other denominations fellow-laborers in the Gospel of Christ, called and set apart to the work it may be hoped by the Holy Ghost, though not through the channel of an Apostolic Episco- pate ; thereby showing that, like many of the brightest ornaments of the Reformed Anglican Church, your Lord- ship wisely distinguishes between what is essential to the being or existence of a church. and what to its well-being; what is necessary to the validity of ministerial orders, and what to their entirety or completeness. " While, therefore, fully appreciating, and, to a great extent, sympathising in your Lordship's kindly efforts to bring about, if possible, a closer fellowship of the churches-so realizing more fully their essential oneness -we earnestly hope and pray that these may be received in the spirit which dictated them, and that, at least, nothing may be permitted to arise, through misapprehen- sion or otherwise, either from within or from without the pale of our" communion, to frustrate your Lordship's laud- able and truly Christian intentions. * " With every sentiment of respect, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your Lordship's obedient, faithful servants." We shall not at present further remark on the question, except to say that, as Christian s m. pathy is drawing more closely together the various sections of the Evangelical Protestant Church, so Christian ingenuity will doubtless discover a method to give practical effect to the common feeling which is proved to exist. 