THE ARCHBISHOP'S VISITATION. GOULBURN, MARULAN, AND BuRROWA. ? Oil the fourth Sunday in Lent the Archbishop enrolled some two hundred persons, young and old, in the glorious army of Christ, by administering to them the holy sacrament of confirmation. The weather was all that could he desired, and numbers of Catho. lies from the neighbouring towns of AVheeo, Col lector, Biingnnia, Taralga, Tarlo, Marulan, some even from a distance of 40 or 50 miles, availed them selves of the opportunity of receiving the graces of the Church. Loni? before the cetamnniescommnnrmi tlmrlmrnl. was crowded in every part, some indeed having to kneel outside. Nor were Catholics alone participa tors in the ceremonies of the day, for many Protes. tants were there also to witness the rites of tho Church. Shortly after eleven o'clock, his Grace, preceded by the clergy, entered the Church, and the Holy Sacrifice was celebrated by the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh, of Qu'canheyan. Immediately after Mass his Grace addressed those who were about to ho confirmed, taking as his text the words of St. Paul (2 Cor. i. 21, 22) — 'Now he who confmneth us with you in Christ, and hath annointed ns, is God ; who hath also sealed us, and given ns the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.' He said that the graces they were about to receive were not to he considered as gifts bestowed on them for their own motifs, but through the merits of Jesus Christ, who died for them ; for, as it was from our first parents they had received their natural life, which by certain laws or dained by God continues and will continue, so it was , by the death of Christ they.recpived their spiritual life. Confirmation, he said, wasdifferent from Bap. tism — for while the one freed us from original sin, the other made us strong and perfect Christians. The Apostles — although they had the blessed privi lege of walking with our Divine Redeemer, of seeing the many miracles wrought by Him. of hearing those heavenly words from his sacred lips — were timid and fearful ; but when the Holy Ghost had descended upon them they became strong in their faith, and fearlessly went forth professing Christ crucified Confirmation was a sacrament that could, only he administered by bishops, for in them alone were vested the gifts of the Holy Ghost; for/as Philip the deacon had baptized the people of Samaria, yet had not the power of imparting to them the Holy Spirit, but waited until the apostles Peter and John —the one the apostle of faith, the other the apostle of,love — had come and laid their hands upon them, so priests could not give this divine blessing — this gift of the Holy Ghost— which Christ had promised will continue in His Church to the end of time. His Grace then explained the nature of the ceremonies about to be performed — how all the objects and forms used in this, as in the other ceremonies of the Catholic Church, were beautifully symbolic of the Christian faith — that the oil, whose properties were to strengthen and invigorate the limbs and to assauge . pain, . represented the like effect on the'soul, and,' being a smooth and mild substance, also represented the spirit of meekness and patience under the Cross ; that the balm which is a distillation of sweet scented gums, and whose properties are great in preserving bodies after death, represented the fortifying grace received in Confirmation, and the good odour of Christian virtues and an innocent life ; that the sign of the cross made on the forehead is to show that they must never be ashanyd to profess themselves believers in the glorious faith of Christ ; and.that tho - gentle blow on the cheek, with the words ' peace ba ; with you,' was to show' that they should be ever ready to take up their Cross and follow Christ, bear ing patiently all affronts and injuries for His faith, being obedient to God's will, for that Christ came into the world not to do his own will,' but that of his Heavenly Father. It was pleasing to him, he said, that neither distance, nor time, nor avocation, had hindered them from approaching the Holy Sacra ment; and when he remembered that many, of them had come a distance of upwards of 40 miles, and by their earnestness in attending the Church and con fessjonal had shown that they were anxious to free their souls, from mortal sin, it was indeed a solace to his haart. . His Grace then exhorted those who. were about to be confirmed to lift their hearts and fervently within themselves ask God's benediction for what they were about to receive, reciting in a clear firm voice that beautiful hymn commencing ' Come Holy Ghost, send down those beams,' after which the ceremony of Confirmation commenced, the girls, robed in spotless white, walking two and two, the boys' and men following in the same order. The Chpii beautifully performed the Hymn 'Veni Spiritus Sanctus.' After the ceremony, his Grace read the prayers used on such occasions, and recited (those that were confirmed following him) the Apos tle's Creed, Lord's Prayer, and Ave Maria. He then repeated the words of his textatthecommence meht, and said, now -that they had become perfect Christians and soldiers of Jesus, it behoved them to watch and guard themselves from temptation, to ask the divine assistance, for that they had God's word for it that whatsoever they should ask in His name that they should receive ; and that their dignity was greater than all worldly dignities, their titles abovo that of kings and emperors, for that they were now the sisters and brothers of Jesus — the children of ' God — that they were now1 to go forth and fight the battle of life, resisting the devil, the world, and the flesh — and that though they might riot have to suffer like the Apostles or early Christians, yet there were other trials nerhans as preat : that thev pnnlil nnt. serve God and Mammon — that they were to show a good example to all ; and that such of the children who had a had example shown them at their homes might with God's blessing be the happy instruments of bringing their parents to a sense of their respon sibility ; and he was happy to say that he knew of many instances where this had been the case. He then enforced upon them the neceiBity of subduing their bad passions; that they were soldiers of Christ now, and they were to deny themselves — ' to take up their cross and follow him' — that their cross was obedience to the command of God and his Holy Church ; and then exhorted the girls, whese robes he said, were emblematic of that innocence they re ceived- at their baptism, and urged them to keep themselves spotless and pure— that the veils drawn Over their faces were emblematic of the modesty that shouldcharacterize the Christian virgin. The Arch bishop then feelingly alluded to a circumstance which he said had transpired that morning, and which ' filled his heart with grief; it was that of a member of that congregation, who in an unhappy moment had taken to that soul-destroying, - brutalising, practice of indulging in intoxicating drink, and who by her awful and sudden death had been deprived of all communion with God's Church, and who went before the dread tribunal of her Heavenly Judge with all her sins upon her head. He earnestly implored his hearers to avoid drunk enness as they would avoid Satan himself; it was the curse of this country, and would inevitably bring to ruin and untimely deaths all who indul ged in that pernicious habit. After his Grace had concluded his address, so deep was the impression mado upon his hearers, that all those who were confirmed under the age of 21 proceeded to tho altar and received from his hands the total abstinence 'plud-e till they attended that age, when, he said, they would be capable of judging and acting for themselves in the matter. He placed on the necks of nearly all the girls, who were the first to go up to him, the blue ribbon and medal, which he authorised them to wear in the church every time they went to communion ; he regretted that he had not sufficient medals, as it would have been a great pleasure to give them one each, but that in two of three weeks he would forward them to the Rev. Dean, who should present the medals in his name. With the boys, his Graqe was particii . larly happy, calling them his own 'little flock,' and telling them the stories of Samson and Samuel, and that if they persevered in their good resolutions they would become good members of society, rich and prosperous, and that they would, in after years, when they had seen the good effects of temperance, thank him as their preserver. It was a noble example, and one well worthy of imitation. In the afternoon, at four o'clock, the Archbishop and clergy, followed by the people, proceeded to the cemetery, when a procession was formed, headed by the school-children singing the Litany of the Blessed Virgin. After the absolution and prayer his Grace explained the nature of tho cere mony — saying that it was one of the duties of a Bishop in his visitation to pay this solemn and affecting visit to the resting-place of the dead, for that they all belonged lo one common mother — the Holy Catholic Church — that with them communion was a reality, — and remarked that they who rested there, awaiting the glorious resurrection, were the friends and relatives of many present, and that in all probability it would be their resting-place also. After the palm ' Miserere' and other prayers had been said while the procession marched slowly to the cemetery gate, the solemn ceremony was con.. eluded by- the Bishop giving his benediction to the people, who dispersed. On Monday morning his Grace examined the school children, expressing himself well satisfied with their proficiency, and distributed prizes to the most deserving, lie remarked that their proficiency was the best compliment that could be paid to their schoolmaster and schoolmistress. In the afternoon lie gave the Benediction of the Holy Sacrement, im mediately after which he got into his carriage, and as he was leaving the church-yard the people all knelt for his final blessing, when he told them that if God spared him for two years, at the end of that time lie would visit them again. At four o'clock the Archbishop, accompanied by the Very Rev. Dean Walsh, and the llev. Messrs. Kavanagh, O'Brien, and Quinn, left Ooulburn, and arrived at. Shelley's Flat at 6 o'clock in the evening. On his arrival at the hotel his Grace at once despatched three of the clergy to Marulan, in order to prepare the faithful of that part of the missionary district for the recep tion of the Sacraments of Penance and Confirmation. At 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning his Grace, with the Rev. Mr. Quinn, arrived at Mr. O'Neill's, Ma rulan, where ho was received by the Clergy and a considerable number of the laity. Immediately after the celebration of the Mass his Grace administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about 50 persons, inclnding several converts. So untiring was the zeal of his Grace that lie would not take collation before blessing the foundation stone of the new Church, which was dedicated to the service of God, under the protection of St. Patrick. The congrega tion (amounting to about sixty) walked in procession to the site of the intended Church; Before blessing the foundation stone, his Grace, lucidly explained the object of the Ghurch in blessing everything that is dedicated to the service of God. The Archbishop, after having imparted his pontifical benediction to both clergy and laity, left for Berriina, .which he reached the same evening, ? heard confes_sions, and prepared for.the next day, 'being this Feasl of Saint Patrick.- In the, afternoon' his Grace consecrated the cemetery, and closed a fatiguing day with ves pers and instruction in the Church. Although races were held in the vicinity of Berri ? ma on St. Patrick's Day, it redounds much to the credit of the Catholics of that locality that but very few of ;them were absent from Church. The Municipal Council met on Monday. The tender of William Morris for the kerbing of Pitt-street for £138 was accepted. Fresh tenders were ordered to be invited for the supply of blue stone metal from l'ennant.JIills, two tenders sent in not having been considered eligible. . A resolu tion, to the-effect that steps be taken to procure the appointment of trustees for the site of old St. Phillip's Church, with a view. to its improvement and adorn, ment, was adopted. RatesTor watering the streets as follows were ordered : — Pitt- street, Id. in the pound ; George- street, lid. in the pound; and two ponce ' in the pound upon properties in Parramatta-street, Barrack street, Wynyaid- strcet, Liverpool-street from --Elizabeth-street' to the South Head lload, King-street from George to Pitt streets, William - street from Yurong to Victoria streets, and on the South Head Road. The City Engineer was in structed to prepare apian for the improving of , Cresceut-street. A report of the Water Committee, .recommending that tenders be invited for the supply ?of ironwork for the low service reservoir, was adopted. A report of the Lighting. Committee, Tecommending the erection of a three-branch lamp at the corners of Pitt and.'George streets, was adopted. In reply to Alderman Smithers the r Mayor stated that no tickets for admission during the ceremony of opening Parliament had been sent .forthe Aldermen, after which the Council broke up. J.-H. Plunkett, Esq., Q.O.— The address of sympathy with Mr. Flunked from the inhabitants was forwarded to its destination on Friday, March 37th. The document received the signatures of 570 persons Before it was sent awa'y. We arc infor med that, notwithstanding the notice given,' several' sheets of -signatures were not sent iii in time for transmission. — Iltawttrra Mercury. We- uncierstana mat the address to ivjv. Plunkctt', .Q. C, adopted at the recent meeting at Morpeth, arid signed by 1000 persons in the 'neighbourhood, will he presented by deputation this morning, 'to Mr. Plunkctt, at the Hunter River Hotel.— Maillaml Mercury, March 13'.h. .-.. A public meeting was held on Monday ? lost, at Albury,' for tlio purpose of obtaining an1 expression of sympathy with Mr. Plunkctt, and adopting a petition praying his restoration tooliico. Mr. Georgo Mott in the chair. The first resolu tion, moved by Dr. Keating, J.P., seconded by Mr. ?'Dwycr, and curried unanimously,' was to tho effect : ? — That the meeting viewed with regret, the removal ? of thcHon. J. H.Plunkett, Esq., from tho Chair mnnship of the Board of Nalional Education, as ' that step would provo prejudicial to the interests of education in the colony. A petition to tho Go ' vernor-Gcncral, praying that he would ' take some effectual steps for the retention or restoration of Mr. ? 'X'lunkott's incstimablo services as Chairman of tho \- Board of ? National Education,' was also adopted. The fostival.of^St. Patrick at Bathurst, as reported in the Times, was a most convivial assem blage, worthy tho occasion, and jnst such in Bpirit ? as might bo witnessed on a like occasion amongst ' ' tho grcon hills of holy Ireland.' J.B. M'Guigan, ' Esq., occupied the chair :? and brilliant speeches 'raisyof the soil' were .delivered by Mr. Connor and Mr. M'Girr. ' The Australian Colonists in England uact niado arrangements for celebrating the 26th Janu- . ary, -tlib settlement of the Colony, by ii public -. dinner. A public meeting took place in the School of Arts on this day week, for the purposo of devis ing means for establishing a temporary home for j females while out of employment, in which means ' for mental improvement shall ? be ^available. Tho Governor-General presided. It is proposed to ili.. vido the institution into two departments, one for . edneated females, as governesses and seamstresses, tho other for female domestic servants;' A resolu tion to establish an institution for the former one, for tho latter to grow out of it, wns adopted.' A fcommittec of ladies to carry out tho object of tho roeoting was appointed, the mooting soparatcd. The first exhibition of the Argylo Agri cultural and Horticultural Society took place on Wednesday, the 17th of March ; and was attended ' with complete success. About 1,000 persons visited the show ; not alone those interested in agri ..cultural pursuits; all the inhabitants of Goulburn seemed' to turn out to enjoy the occasion. The show consisted of agricultural produce, cereal crops, vegetables, cheese, bacon, butter, fruit, wine, flowers, agricultural implements, farm, stock, and various v .. miscellaneous articles. The specimens were meri torious to the exhibitors. In the evening the mem bers dined together. All doribts have ceased as to tho true character of tho personago who passed in Sydney under tho name of Miranda, &c.; Tho Joint Stock Bank find themselves duped out of £20,000 and the rate of exchange thereon. On advices from tho bunk reaching London of tho advances which: tlioy had made, the moBt activo steps- were at onco ' w taken to intcrcept.tho forger. Madame Anna Bishop has arrived safe at' Lima. The press of that placo record her first ap pearance on the Peruvian 6tage 'as an uninter rupted triumph from tho beginning to the end of ? tho performance.' She iB ^considered the most ? finished vocalist that has appeared in South - Ame rica. Two soldiers of the 77th, named William ; Sargbod and Michael Cantwell, have been tried by court-martial. ? The one, for striking the Colonel in tho face when brought before him on a charge of ? drunkenness, was sentenced to fifty lashes and six , years penal servitude ; tho other, for having a gin ger beer bottle concealed on his person on occasion of his likewise being brought before the colonel on a similar charge, with which, he said, on its being found on him, he intended to strike the colonel) ; . was sentenced to the same number of lushes, , ten yeare penal servitude, and to forgo all claim to a pension. It is staled that the General Command ', ing has remitted that portion of these sentences en : joining the infliction of the lashi Gaiiottb Robbery. — On the night of, this day week, as a man named William Brown, residing in Castlereagh street, was entering town by the Parramatta Road, he wns suddenly attacked near the toll-bar by two men, who rushed upon and ? seized him garotte fashion ; one held him by the ? throat while'the other rifled his pookets of a morocco ; leather purse containing a one pound note am some silver, with which they decamped. ? 