LONDON LETTER. FROM ooa OWN CORRESPONDENT. I London. 15th Sept., 1858. ' As I have- nothing this time of singular and striking importance to narrate concerning doings -at our elderly end of the world, I may as well open the ball by talking to you of occurrences which have more or less a special relation to yourselves. Federation seems just now in, all quartern a colonial epidemic, and with full ap- i probation at head-quarters. Our North Ameri can offshoots have had their. cogitations in this direction officially endorsed by the Governor General in Canada, who accorded his influence in pointing out the expediency of realising the scheme. The arrangement .is in that group of dependencies delayed, however, by the bicker ings between the several provinces on a matter quite irrelevant to this particular one, and which bickerings have not been yet satis factorily disposed of. You are awaro that some time ago there was con tention there on the subject of a metropolis — Quebec, tho old head-quarters, being too out of the way, and ' too much on one side,' for convenience, now that the tide of population has spread aown over the great lakes. Mon treal, as a city of established importance, and well up in situation on the highway of the St. Lawrence, proffered her claim ; Toronto, as more rapidly rising, and, prospectively at least, not less eligibly situated, esteemed herself fairly qualified ; and Ottawa, smaller than any, but more central than all, likewise came forward for the honor. Her Majesty's Ministers advised her to give the preference to the last-mentioned of the candidates, and considerable excitement in the localities of the unsuccessful has been the consequence, and they have not yet calmed down into sober acquiescenco in the arrange ment. Meanwhile there is to be a Canadian ' exhibition,' on the often-used industrial model of Hyde Park, before the autumn is over, and a deputation has crossed ' the herring pool,' as we have now irreverently como to regard the once-terrible Atlantic, soliciting Queen Vic toria's presence at the inauguration among her American lieges. The notice of their loyal wishes was, however, too brief : but it is re ported that at the opening of tne first federal parliament, tho Queen of the Seas will flit across and gladden her dutiful Canadians — the first British sovereign to set foot in the' hemis phere where the language of this realm is almost the universal tongue, and so wide a circle of which is fast filling with her subjects. Of course there are all kinds of wild rumors flut tering about in club-room and editorial sanctum as addenda to so unprecedented a coming cir cumstance. For instance, it is confidently as serted that the colonial trips of royalty will not terminate with that over the Atlantic ; and it is whispered that with the improved locomotion which a short two years will bring, that you will have an opportunity of feting our little Queen nowhere less than in Melbourne itself ! Another confidence in codicil to the story of the Canadian visit is, that those colonies are to be consolidated into a kingdom, with one of the young princes as its head ! Of course, I give you these two stories for what they aro worth — current gossip — which may turn oat fact, or ex plode idly, .like many a previous canard. It would seom, at any rate, that the authori ties here are resolved that you colonists shall, whether you like it or not, cultivate the valu able quality of self-reliance. Read our present Colonial Secretary — th# author of Pelham's dispatch to the Governor-General of the Lee ward Islands, in which he enjoins that func tionary not to be easting his eyes to the old country for protecting soldiery in case of trouble, as it is her Majesty's wish that each of her colonies.should rely henceforth as far as pos sible on its own resources. England, after con ceding self-government to her dependencies, does not understand, I must say very properly, why they should not undertake all as well as some of the responsibilities of such a position. Self-management certainly involves self-defence as a supplement, and as you have been already I see moving in the matter, I sup pose the injunction.will not be very unwelcome in Victoria. On the question of improved loco motion, I must tell you that the Panama route is very favorably canvassed here on account of the convenience, now that we have a gold colony in tho North Pacific also, of a trunk postal line as far as the isthmus, which, with severing branches there, would serve you both. The East ' India Company is at last fairly among the things that were—gathered to its grandfathers ; and the journals are applying, figuratively at least, the tear-provoking shalot to try and squeeze out a little sentiment over the circumstance ! Their sorrow, how ever, sits as badly as that of a fat mute at a funeral ! People cannot comprehend why they should be asked to sentimentalise about tho collapse of Jack Company, a mul tiple-headed personage who enjoyed a tolerably long, and what ought to be preeminently suffi cient, ' pluck' out of the sparkling feathers of the gorgeously bejewelled Oriental peacock ! They had a jolly time of it, and now that their cards are played out, why should we be invited to whine and wax lackadaisaical over their re tirement ? Perhaps the new Government sys tem (the Council for which has been just selected) may not manage much, if at all better; but that is no proof that tho broken up regime did not fail in duty to heaven, and to its neigh bors. It is whispered that Russell will bring home as disagreeable revelations of past days in Hindostan, as those presented to the light of day by Bright's and the Manchester party's committee of inquiry, a couple of years ago ! Every bodyisglad thatLeadenhall street has been consigned to its well-cushioned shelf, believing that, when things come to the worst, they aro likely in this Indian case to mend by a change of hands. And discoursing of topics Oriental, is not the Chinese news marvellous — a treaty by which the flowery and tealeafy land has been at last unpadlocked, with all its Bohea chests and salaaming mandarins, and pigtailed, naked-faced brethren of the moon, and cousins-german of the twelve signs of the zodiac, whoso wont it was to astound our juveniscence, and seize so large a share of the ponderings of our maturer years by the sheer audacious force of their incorrigible mystery. The great wall that Dai tmoored and Pentridged in this monstrously curious nation of congou sippcrs has been breached at last. Confucius is confuted and Whang-Ho flabbergasted, and Celestial Cathay is no more to be a terra incog nita to the impudent Paul Pry of outer bar barism. Neighbor Nap has been touring it right im perially in Brittany the unruly and chesnut eating. Edifying the Kymry of old Armorica by his piety and winning their hearts by his moving condescension — bestowing bells and steeples on churches innumerable, and extinguishing the relics of legitimacy and hankerings after ' Henry tho Fifth ' in the forest land of the Chouans. Brittany has been conquered at last, say the meek journalists who respire accord ing to order in Paris. What has the ghost of George Cadondale to say to this achievment of tho nephew of his antagonist ? Persigny is at his old trade of pleasant speeches' respecting the ineradicable inviola- ' bility of the alliance. Prince Pierre Bona parte's quarrel with' the Wurtemburg general, Fleitchmann, on the score of certain observa tions in the general's Memoirs of Count Miot, has subsided, the general making the amende. M. Pede, of the Figaro, thought to be mor tally wounded in the double duel on the one occasion, to which his seconds so strangely allowed him to be subjected, by the subalterns his satires had offended, is likely to recover, though transfixed through the lungs, and has gone to Frankfort to consult the chirurgeons of that . city, eminent for their skill in sword-wounds. We have had several incidents of that appetis ing sort of thing which the Comic Annual used to denominate a 'delicious bit of scandal !' There is an action against Mr Walter Savage Lnndor for libelling a female neighbor in a strain which . would seem. . to in dicate that the old gentleman .is, in his dotage. Mr Dickens has brought his quarrel with his wifer and consequent separation, before public attention, much to the dismay of those who hold that a man, distinguished by giving *uch oxcellen Jadyico in a preeminently fasci nating, way should not appear in the long-run somewhat in the light of standing considerably in need of acting on some of it himself! Captain Magan, member for West meath, and whom some of your readers will doubtless remember by his red neckerchief and outrageously ' loud ' waist coats in St. Stephen's, has been compelled, to avoid an action for breach of promise, to dis burse pretty heavily to tho fair daughter of a Sherbourno fishmonger, whose acquaintance he contrived to make while she was vending lavender-colored gloves in Swan and Edgar's, and with whom he carried on an epistolary cor respondence. This is the second occasion on which this marvellously indiscreet gentle man — not remarkably juvenile or inex perienced either — has had to sacrifice in hard cash on the altar of litigation in expiation of those amatory mistakes of which even ' the wisest man the world ere' Eaw' is said to have been a victim. Hammer and tongs in Turkey still — Christian and Moslem at loggerheads, ana a rumored con spiracy among his pashas and Ministers against the Sultan, as not sufficiently orthodox a ruler for 'the faithful.' 