CENTRAL ROAD BOARD. - PUBLIC MEETING- IN TALUJfG-A. A public meeting was held on Monday, October 25, at the Travellers' Inn, Blnmberg, to take into consideration the provisious of the Public Works Bid in reference to the proposed abolition of the Central Road Board. The meeting was called by the District Clerk under the authority of the Tafunga Council, and was preceded by another, at which the amount of rate and the number of cattle to be depastured upon the waste lands were taken iuto consideration. With regard to the former, it was decided by ballot to adopt; a shilling rate, sod the num ber of cattle determined upoa was four to the 80-acre section, the price of the licence being 4s. per head. These affairs occupied so much time that the public meeting, which was called for I o'clock, did not com mence till several hours alterwrards, and the proceedings extended far into the evening. Mr. DiWiO.v, the District Chairman, being called upon to preside, read from the Obi rrver the advertisement convening the meeting, and explained that it did not originate with the District Council, though they had consented to call it at. the request of certain ratepayers. It would be for the meeting to consider whether the Central Koad Board was a satisfactory institution. It seemed clear that some in high authority thought other wise, from the fact of a Bill having been iutroiiuccd into Parliament for its abolition. In his own opinion, the constitution of the Board would admit of muL-h amendment, and they bad an instauce in thsir own district of the liberty whi-h was sometimes taken under the Board's authority with public loads, some of which, as they all knew, the Board had e auctioned the closing of. He had see a also that great mistakes were made by the Board's officers, and the people's money-the money which came from the public was in some instances very recklessly wasted. Ihe Chairman of the Board, the Hon. Captain Frecling, sa*.d some time ago, in answer to Mr Cave, that the question of the disputed road through Gumeracha had not been finally settled. Then surveyors were sent out and u'raiients taken, but afier all the Board ran back-they 6et np a ghost of a men that they said would put them to law expenses. They just turned round-they said in effect ** we hare Jaid oat several hundreds in the wrong place, and therefore the bent way is to lay out several thousands more in the same place, and that will make a good bush road for the lii-ls." Tiie members of the Central Koad Board were not held responsible for what they did as the poor ignoraut District Councillors were. They got money voted f »r them whclht-r they spent it wisely or otherwise, while the District Councillors had to make out a very good case before they could get any rate granted, or any money added to it by the Govern ment; yet the mistakes of the Central Road Board were of a most ridiculous character, not only at Gumeracha, ' but equally at Gawler Town. They were wrong also altogether in saying that Mr. Randcll would take them to law. There was no proof of it at ail, at all, and he if.id not believe that h: would do anything of the kind. If the meeting thought the Ceutral Board afforded the '.?est system cf mau&ging; the roads it would be only right for them to say so, though he hoped they would come to a very ditiereat conclusion. He then called upon those who were present to express their opiuio.s on the suhjcct. Mr. J. I). CAVE, J.P., thought it would be be'ter for Hr. Alexander Ureig to address the meeting first, as lie understood it had been t-osivcued at his request. Mr. Gqeic said it wa$ true he had made the original movement in the matter, as he thought the proposed abolition of the Central iioad Board a matter 01 far too much importance to the country districts to bz suffered to pass by ia silence. They were all iuthe^ame car riage, aud it was the duty of any one of them who fancied he heard the wheels croaking; to cry out and warn the others of the danger. This he had done as soou as he found it was seriouslycontemphiied toaboJisli the Central llo&d; Boar.-!, aud to hand over its duties aud its powers to a s:ngle individual-a step which, in his opinion, would be vastly injurious. He had listened very carefully to all thai their Chairman had said, and must confess that so isr as showing that he liiinse f (Mr. Dawson) ha-1 not sucjcedel in geuiug au \iQ wanted from the Central lioad Bjaid, he had made out a very g>odcase; for it seemed quite true, und they all knew it, that he had failed iu iuduciug the Board to carry tee Gumeracha-road the way he tvijhcd it to go. Uut surely that was no just reason for doing away with th.; Board. Mr. Dawson must not expect to get all be wanted iu everything; in fact, Le hardly knew that his wishes w..'re ab oluic'y realized in anything, except in his wife, who was certainly all that he or auy other man coula have desired. (A. laugh.) He ( Jlr. Grciir) did not mean (o say that the Board was perfect-that it ncrcr made a mistake in its de.isioss; but he did say, r.nd he firmly believed, that it was far better" than any other system of managciacnt they were likely to ob taiu in place of it. (Hear, hear) The country had al ready spoken out ia favour of rhe Board aud against any attempt to letter its working; aud their o.vn district had expressed a siroug opinion 18 months ago when a meeting was held upon the subj ctat the Kenton Inn. A resolution was theu paved deeiariug the confidence of the inciting in the Central Boad Boird, and it was in consequence of that resolution and of similar resolutions in various parte of the country that the Bill which had then been iutroduc*<i ji,to Parliament was withdrawn, and that the Ministry of the d.iy was broken up. He was only surprised to see that any peraou w>»o took an i^tive part in opposiug that ,'Jil. should now be found advocating a directly opposite pjurse of polity. (Hear, hear.) lie then read the preamble of the new Public Works Bill, remarking that he had Nothing to say upon the subject of the other B >arus which it proposed to ab jlish, bat would confine his observations to the contemplated an nihilation ot the Central 11 ad Board, and the suggestion of placing the entire management of the main road* of the colony in ihe ha*ds of the clerk to the Commissioner Of Public Works. Air. Gme enquired if there were anything in the new Bill about 1 lie Commissioner^ clerk. Mr. GRSIG s-id thj clerk was not absolutely men tioned, but they all knew that the Commissioner of Public Works was a member of the jVLnietry, and one whose tenure ef offiec was by 110 means permanent. Tl.ey had had Ministries staying in for onlv a few months, a fl-v/ weeks, or creu lor a fe-v claji,- ihertjfor.* it was uulikcly shit each new Commissioner of Public Works could attain any practical knowledge or nil the various roads. He imin be very much iu the hands of his clerk, to whom t lie defa ls wo,fId be famdiar. They knew, also, that the Ci>:niuirsioner of Public Works was nut of n -cecity a provisional man, aud therefore upon .1:1 p:-ict'«eal matters he must be guided by the sur* vcyo<#; therefuiv, though the Bill ouly mentioned the Commissioner oi Public orks as the person to whose management liie rw.di were to be entrusted, ils real ctlcct would bj to hand them over to the clerk and other subordinate officers, instead of lcaviae them, aa tlicy now were, in the management of the Surveyor General and a Bjard appointed chiefly by the people. Having so far introduced the matter, he \?ou!d read a series of resolutions which he had pivpared for adop tion, but in doi.tg so lie mi-ht mention that- he had come there without ,-ny kind of organization . he was not even provided with a sccw-uder, beiug willing, alter stating his opinions, to leave the entire ouesuja to the unbiassed oor.sidcralion of the meeting.' He then read the resolutions, viz.: " 1. That, iu the opinion of this meeting, ft-2 country in general is rsucu surprised at tuc haste v h which the Public Works Bill lus passed the House of / cinblv, seeing that by it the Central lioad Bjard is ajjIiahdJ, especially alter the emphatic expression of public opinion on the coil u;iunec of ihe lload Board during the last session of Pirliauiem. 412\. Thar, in the opinion 01 this meeting, the Central Road Board is now giving general satisfaction, and it is very undesirable that :hat institution bhou:d be ab "s lish-.d, seeing that the jioid Board is accessible to the public, nDt <;nly by ktur or memorial, but a!so by di-puUitioa, and by Die Chair:-r.eu of District Councils having soats and voices at the Board meetings, whereby much good has iciultoi to t5ic country, and by the attendant of ihe reporters of the press, wherrbj* those most interested obtain p. knowledge of wiiat is gomg on. '. 3. That, without expressing any opinion on theother parte of the Public Works Bill, this meeting desires that that part which refers to ihe Ceulral Board of Slain iloads he struck oat. " 4. That, iu the opinion of this meeting, there should be introduced into the new Koad An a ciausj making the Commissioner of Public Works for the lime Chair man o: the Centra' U-cd Board, the whole of the other members being clect-d, as some of th r.n are at present. 4i 5. That a memorial embodying the 1'jregMag resolutions be prepared for signature, and transmitted to some hou. member for presentation to ihe Legislative Council." lie went on to say, that seeing with what haste the Public Works Bill had been carried through the House of Assembly, one would naturally beheve that the country had been calling urgently for such a measure; but, when it was recollected iiow loud the cry was on a former occasion rgiinst some of the very principles em bodied in that Bill, one could only wonder what the Legislature rncaut. Whom, he would ask, did their me nbers-he would not call them their representatives -represent? Surely not the people of that district! Did they lepresent thsmsclves then, or did they repre sent the wag of the Attoracy-Geccrai's firgsr-:be shake of his head? Did they, ia their silent assent to the Public Works liill, simp'y go as the Premier Jed them, rlying "Ay" or according to his Lidding? Should that Bill become the law of the land, which hap piiy it had nov uonc at present, the people might give up all hope of hiving justice done to them in the way of roads. A chief ia?pce'or must of necessity be appointed, suvh as ihey used '.o have, and such as had been sug gested in the obnoxious Bill which was abmdoneJ iu obedience to (he universal vcrdict of the public. And there could be iittic doubt that there was some one waiting for the place. There were always plenty of parasites eager a'ter such appointments-gentlemen, of course, ef unimpeachable character. Oh, yes, they were aU gentlemen, no doubt; but they know what- a crotchety gentleman the Jar,t Inspector of Ma-n ltj;.d5 wa%ani .Iicy h^d no desire Jbr such anjther. Ko mail was in f.iliiblc, and he did not wish to fee the control of the main roads of the colony haaded over to any single in dividual. Iu the Central Koad Bjard they had the ad vantage of several judgments, aud the advan tage of consultation with District Chairmen, the whole of which would be lost if an individual were substituted iu its place. There would be no more consultations with District Chairmen, acquainted with localities, aud urging local wants; no more deputations from country settler?, correcting accidental ciTorp, rectifying interested statements, and counteracting the ijflueiicc of private friendships or individual interests. In place of such onen public movemeuts they would have wealthy and "influential settlers gaining the ear of the Commissioner of Public Works, or of the Inspector of ltoads, in private; and that was the very thing that they must guard against the very evil they ought to avoid. It was true they might write letters, or might memorialize the Commis sioner, but that was nothing 2ike their preseufc power of attending either in person or through their Chairmen, and urgiug, by word of mouth, the improvements they wished to see carried out. Letters or memorials to official persons amounted to very little. They were too apt to end in something like " His Lordship is not aware," or " I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your very obedient humble servant." (A laugh.) As a proof of the benefit which arose from the free attendance of District Chairmen and deputations from the country people, he would instance the case of the Clarendon Bridge. It showed how liable even a Board would be to ffo aBtray if its proceedings were not open to the public, i The Clarendon Bridge was first planned under the diroc 1 tion of the Chief Inspector; but a Chairman of a District 1 Council pointed oat another and a better site to the Superintending Surveyor, who took levels and reported en the subject to the Board. The new eitc was referred I to the Chief Inspector, who reported in favour of j the old one. The District Chairmen inveighed against this report, and the consequencs was that a deputation of the Bjard visited the locality, and examined both sites for themselves. They decided in favour of the second site-that which she Supi-rmleading Surveyor had supported-and thus the people of Clarendon got a far better road, while at the same time a sarin; of several hundred pounds of public money was effected. Had there been no Road Bjard the District Chairman would h ie had no opportunity of urging his opinion-any memorial he might have sent in would have been referred to the Inspector-in Chief. and the inferior but more costly site would have been adopted to the injury of the district and the colony at large, the one having less accommodation, and the other a heavier bill to pay. (Applause.) Perhaps some of them might be inclined to say that even had there been no Board the Superintending Surveyor might still have reported to the Commissioner of Public Works in favour of the second site, and it might sliil have been cd jptcd. But in order to show ihem th.ir mistake he ] would call attention to the evidence of the clerk 1 of the works in the la*e enquiry relative to the river WPir. That wculd let them see how far inferior otfieers nuder Governmrjt or close Boards wore likely to open their mouths in contradiction or cor rection of their superior officers. Me theu read from the Observer of Octdbcr 16 the following portion of the evidence referred to, emphasizing particularly the words we have italicised; "By .Mr. Lazav)-In stating your opinionae to the stability of the works, can you give the substance of the reports which you have made through Mr. Hamilton to the Board?-Generally, that the work was going on satisfactorily. 3fr. Hamilton having teen the norland being gatufied, Tmust be $ati*fiid. " >Yei<? not j'oar reports ca culated to lead to the belief that the tforfc was goiu* on to your satisiaction ?-ff I had ttatedio you or to 3fr. Hamilton that I fcuew better than him, I would hate been kicked out of my situation immediately" , . It would thus be seen how ulienpr officers felt and aited when they differed in opiuion from their superiors, and how little the public were likely to gain from any interference of theirs in event of a close and secret systc-n of management being substituted for that of aa open and elective Road Board- The inferior officers mast be silent,or they would befcekedout or their situa tions. He would adduce another instauce of the manner in which individuals placed in authority were apt to overrule the pub-ie interests. He referred to the case of the Wiliunga Hill, reported also in a recent r.UH b .r of the Obtercer. The Superintending Survevor of the Sjuth District sent in hia report on the 2l6t of the present month, pointing out rather delicately an error that had been made in the office calculations. He was the eaue surveyor who had reported favourably of the site eventually adopted for the Clarendon Bridge, and in deing so had gone against the opinion of his superior officer, tbe Chief Inspector, and also against tha: of the Chairman of ihe '-Joard. Ever since that time a grudge had been entertained agaiast him by certain persons counected with the Board; and it was well known that thcChairm n-the Surveyor- General-had alwayB backed up the opinions of the CMef Inspector. The report of that Surveyor, therefore^ and the accompanying report of Mr. E. G. Scaly, who had surveyed the line, would have been of liitle value under any close system of management, but the proceedings of the Central Boad Board were happily open, aud Mr. Kell, a District Chair man, was present when the reports were presented. He, of course, was pirteetly independent, and could not be kicked out of office for expressing his opinion. Accordingly they found him distinctly stating that Mr. Bu igcn had some time ago indicated the same line of roai as that which was now recommended by Messrs. Sealy and Mauton, bat that tbe Inspector of Bond3 for the time had everruled his opinion. The Cen tral Board, sittiug openly as it did, had adopted the re ports of Messrs. Sealy aud Man ton, and given orders for the immediate carrying out of the work; but what probability was there that those reports would not have been overruled by at> individual acting as Inspeetar or Director, in the sioic manner as Mr. Budgen's was be fore ? It was clear that under any close system or sys tem of individual management, very little attention w?s paid to tbe interests of the people. In fict, there could be no doubt that, when the services of the late Inspec tor-General of Roads were dispensed with, the Central Board was relieved of a very great incubus, and began to breathe more freely. It was at present in good work ing order, and was likely to continue so, if the Govern ment would only let it alone. But as it was confessedly necessary, under the present system of responsible go vernment, to bring the Board under the control of the Com iniesioner of Public Works, he thought that officer ought to be cons itutcd its Chairman ex officio. With those remarks, he begged to move the first resolution; and he hoped that some gentleman of more ability and eloquence than himself would como forward to second it, for he expected that Mr. Cave would come down, "like the wolf on the fold," with a torrent of oratory which perhaps it might be difficult for a plain unlettered man to resist. Bu^ at all events, if he were beatvn, he would fall with Uia face to the foe, ano happy in the con sciousness of having doue his duty to the best of his " suggested that the whole of the resolutions as their object was the am,, should be combine j hr o o' Mr. Ghbio assent,d, and m0ved tic wITole ia the mwLsthafo^nf Ih Wi!:hed t0 add to his former re with ih / the most important points connected with the present satisfactory working of tha Ccntr«d irr5hWaiv V"5 au.cna?,nce »f 'he reporters of the prLSs. If the Waterworks Board had been open in the "ivw^r?ho3 pr,°s?cd'n^ >>«« ««*> Px:!iT that the difficulties whii.h Jiad iiaD»'>ned there wou.d never have arisen. Under the systems"* ge&ted; in the n*SF Bj]J, the Commissioner of P-biic Works would manage all the roads «f the colony in pr* found secrecy, and he would have his pariisaua ia eTcrv ?£"«' ^ .wuom favour would be shown in return for 1 a. Lameufarv support. It was inherent in human wa,nNM;f.,Thfma" l° look 0Ql Itself, SdXre :7'V ** 7/r^Va cvery direction who would g-un he car of the Minister or the Inspector on,? 3 carry out their own wishes, liowev.T liule the^mi^tte "I''*1 tha genera! interests. Mr. Dawson f.nt Ji frf ? rc-;<:n? failure when be advocited be the rerv r ^ M ^"Ku,lar ^^>oa in the road; but of ti!er<r. bclQi? a Board had led to the li,rj b"n!T openly discussed, and to both sides being heard u;>on the subject. Perhaps if jnsteal of a Sd the.c had been a siagle Commissioner or 1 Jei Hr ^r^onl^ofthi.T6?' ?Ye bcea carricd out without uie people of the cistrict knowing auvthin» about it «.ney might have had their first notice of the intended change or line through the columns of thacwidK- dr fhi Lt, rt'aper' 5 <r0vernment Gazette, or even through 1,»L ? 8 Y'd "x?s of lhe workmea who would have been engaged in puiling- down their fences. »i t i l02fFBIES seconded the resolution. He did not think it accessary to add anything: to the very iueiil pt plana ion of .Vr. Grcig; but he wouldj£stsaV?haIho had stood up for the Central Eoad Boid when it wa^ attached by a former Ministry, and be would do so as «S.mhJ T,preseut thougl at the !°mc time he shou.d be quite ready to support anv needful amendments in its constitution. He was convinwd $ Ihe truth of the old proverb, "In tha multitude ofcoun cilors there u wisdom." and be was an advocate for ove?to a fin T^r0^ °P^'-V- - ^tile r0ida were handed ^ h -'Iluls*-er l"s private ear would continu alg he gained.by persons high in station aud strong in notTvon'h 0^ ^e1uern? 'li®? of «»e public, who might not even have notice of intended important movements (Applause) ereCa!i0n ^ "em ^ra^ffurT. Mr. Hedmax supported the resolution, the general orin ctplcs of wluc.i he thought were good. Theci-t ofit^was B'J*0 Board should notbe put underthe foot of the Commissioner of Public Works. The Bill in ir^h"ll"r Tf?/'1>ut !liose were connected with mat ters whic.i coald be easily settled without appeal to the couu.ry But the roads ran through the whole Dro vmce, and t.ie members of the Central Boad Board were chu-flj eleclcd troin the various districts - for even Mr butnemnd, the only nominated aether 'in ad^ofto w nF! rir":in' ^ rc1CLlted ^ cqial niniber of votes bv lh^'^nlfar.- S° 1 be,was als0 'neffect apooinfed by the people. Coucernms the proceedings of ihe nri raic Boards inclu .'ed in the new Bill the public luiew nothing and therefore h; was not disposed to say a word KC'herr^rdCn-; ^ peutrf itjaJ Boird was alto ge.acr ai..creni,, its mo«iings being open to ail who were int^stc*, and its proceeding Pbcini duly re portid by the pres*, ius!e.id of suc'a scan-y minutes toM'd °£ 1tU" 0thEr ®oards thought fit to furms* through tueir owa of3cers. He had no rlUla cha!;s°3 >" the constitution ,llfor e^mP'e-33 the election of the Si'ar . ^ f"tV.te,JC:lt£,1,,l5tCad of ono? Tiiat be us^4?t,V, T0U ^revcnt l-e evince or their rernj.al just as they were bej- iuaing to sain experience W ^ bccoml:i? acquainted with their work; hut o woald never assent to the Doners or the Board being cntrn-tcd to a single individual, and he f oeeiipjing- a position which was pCu-aharly liable lo frequent chan?cs. With regard to the fn^estion for makiu^ the CJaifflis;ioner of Public Vows Chairman of the Board ex officio, he was uot prepared to support it, as he thoaght Oaotain Free!in» lot only au hou nra'olc m m. and Sue who did his dnt? imparSiailj', but one who from his long experience was peculiar]; wc ! fitted for the post he at prcseni held. He Ir? iv.1 aai-iiinled with cvtry roid in the colony p ?,fflerJW'P'll'lic 'Vorks. who might n^rer -h^rl ?y -and i"1' of offioe the next. would ° b?e03lius. lie cou!d not it do ,7ix without x^erring to the opening address of the Chsinnan. .Wr. Oaw.ion had dwelt particularly uoon the receut decision of theCcntral Eoad Board wi;h regard Mr (-Ti,at dcc;sion wasadverleto « ^ and tuey now lo.md him earnestly seeking the aboliuou ot the Board. He could not heiti thir^iVT* apQ ^ i ,ul>t the, Te=ti"ST 'roald think so too, that it t.ie Loard had acecded to .Mr. Diwsoa's des'res they won.d probably have found in thst genilemm" as adZr^AK'y nf0W f0imd bim adetennit;cd a^SaiMn?. iiut it was not upoa such "?roundR thir tha ^?cSUbrglClther £Upp0rted °r condemtuedbytbe first r'pfrr^'iho move 811 amendment, would J\ eoucluaing remark of the iast speaker ho far as Mr. Dawson was concerned he would leave him to answer for h.msclf; bat upon his own behalf be must saj tha., though he had joined Mr. Dawson in his recent application to the Board, he was not influenced in his present course by the adverse decision to which M? /J. ? Jn pr:>of of thia te would remind the meeting that long before the decision in question he had advoeatca the abolition of the Board, and he still Old so upon no private grounds but unon rmbl£ Tn. siderations only. The amendment he had to propose ^ GrCig'3 -^tiLbPySa " That this meeting fully approves of the system of car. j in? out all public works by an individual directly ffSpanS!,re ur le Lsgislature, and eordiallv supports Asse ubh " lii"> as b; the House of amTd?1Tt l>e would endcavonr to to)!ow the gentlemen who h:d gone bsfore him.as far as he was able to do so, m their order. To beain with toen- worthy Chairman, he had alluded to the tioaev in the hands of the Central lioad Board as beinz the peoples money, ;,nd as havingcoaie from tlie public. Tins he i-Mr. Cave) denied altogether; the money cainc rfni^ «C!CC<^r ° thc *Tastf lands of the Crown and none of the pa jlic co.unbuted one far Jung towards it exccpt so far as they might have paid the purchase-money for a section of land. It did not arise from t,ie taxes, but was money, one moiety T V*pcnded upoa PabUe works »u''M>R;y of the Home Government, and bad Sli ce been lianaed over to the Parliament of South Aus raln, and ought, therefore, only to be laid out bv t,ic represeat-.tives of the people, or by persons dircetly responsible to tbera. To come n-xt to air. Greig he would remark that the whole of that gentleman's argu meius had reference to the former astern of a chief inspccior&hip; of m^n roads, and proceeded unon the assumption, apparently, that it was intended to levive the of^ee, whereas (lure was nothing whatever in the new Bid to support such an idea. There mast of course be a staff of officers, much as there was at present whether nnder a li3ard. or whether under the Commissioner of Public Works. a-:d those offi cers would have to carry out the detail in each minorr as the; were d/rected b; the ruling power whether Board or Commissioner. IlissTn that each bridge to be builder each road, or portfonSf road, to be laid out or macadamiz-d, should be reported upon by the Commissioner of Pablic Works fe, the House of Assembly, end a special vote taken for the purpose, lie was opposed to the present system of the Central Eoad Baard, which a certain member of Parlia men t (Mr. Lindsay, who did not in 5S "12S" much altenlian as he sometimes merited, had verv har . di!y termed a game of grab. (A laugh.) The memkm of the Central Board were elected by the different fc tricts, and each one very naturally felt himself the etpeeial rcpressntauve of the particular di.-trict which had returned him, and sought to advocate its intprwlo ciclusirely f^it is the same with the House of Assembly. ) ihe different members arranged mattera with each other. Feu vote in this case for ml and I will vote in that case for you," and thus the interests of a dis trict were often sscriSced. When the late irrant of £20,030 came under consideration, the Board at first awarded £5.C30 to each district but afterwards Ai Milne got £1,008 taken away from the Northera Distrl^" by tar the most important of the whole, and added to his own district-the South-eastern Mr. Bsdmas-I deny that. Mr. Milne did no sneli taxngv It was the Comnussioner of Public Works who procured the alteration to be made, Mr. CAVE said it might be so, but still it did not alter tac tact that the Board suffered f 1,0 30 to be taken away irom the Northern District, which was by far the most important of any in the colony, and invents ih» Sonth-Eistcrn District. And, if he had been rightly informed, a great injustice would have been done to their ovn district-the North-Eastcra " lt noJ: b fn for *" almost accidental occa* rence. The Board was going to vote the money to the Ijobethal-road: and would have done so bnt for the Chairman chancing to ask Mr. Hardy how much that road would cost. Mr. Hardy replied that it would cost £30,030, and of course there was aa end to it fo" tw knew the; would not hive the means or carrying it oat £°v. n gIitstion and answer the whole £5,010,which wa? set aside for the North-Eastem District wotdd have been swallowed on in a road leading to twn sections, and terminating notinanjline belonging to the North-Eastem District, but in one of the South-Eastern roads. In his opinion the Central Board had no bnsi ness to apportion the money between the different dis tricts of the colony; it should be done by the House of Assembly, and the money should be expended bv the exccnbve officers of the Commissioner of Pablic Works Mr. Greig had told them that the control would rest less with the Commissioner than with his clerk ? but he (Hr.Cave) did not understand how that coald be, as the clcrk would be responsible to the Commissioner. Of course there wonld be surveyors, but so there were dot and they would supply their reports to the Commis sioner of Public Works in the stSne way al Ujey SHt present to tlie Board. It was said that the Commis sioner of Pabhc Works might not have any prStl knowledge of readjiaking, but neither had the mem aeGmtralEoadBciarJ. with the exception only of tti® Sarre/or-Seaewl, Who wcrs the members ? There was Mr. Milne, for instance, a spirit merchant. He would undertake to say that he did not go 20 miles out of Adelaide half a dozen times in the year. What was he likely to know about roads? Then there was Dr. Everard; he cared for nothing but the interests of the south, and the same was the case with Mr. Suther land. As to Mr. Blyth, their own representative, he declined voting, and so the North-Ea6tern District was virtually left unrepresented. in fact, it was a stapid sy.-tem altogether. He admitted that the publicity of tha Jioard was important, bnt there was no necessity that there should be any less publicity under the new system than under the present. In Melbourne everything* in the office of the Commissioner of Public Works was done publicly; tenders were opened, contracts were made, and, in fact, business of every kind was openly transacted, and the reporters of the press we-e present. What was there in the Bill to prevent the same system being carried out in Adelaide? Ttiere was nothing in the mere fact of there being a Board to ensure publicity, noi anything in its abolition to necessitate secrecy. He would instance two or three stupid things the Board had done which no single individual would ever have been guiity of. In the first place, after squabbling for years about the rival merits of the two North-Eastern Iiues of road, by An stem's Hill and Teatree Gully, they at length arrived at the sapient decision of squandering money upon both of them-wasting it, in fact, within a few miles of Adelaide instead of opening up the interior of the country. ("Paradise Bridge before Gumeracha.") He must not be understood as advocating cither line in particular, but simply as censuring a system which had worked so very badly. Then a second stupid thing the Central Road Baard" had done was declaring the main Una to Lobethal, Mr. Rbduajt-That was not done by the Central Road Board. It has t-o power to declare main lines. It was done in the way you recommend-by a vote ofche House of Assembly. Mr.CAVE said it might be so; but even then the Board acted stupidly iu laying out £1,000 upon the Lobethal line, which they would never be able to com plete, even if its completion were desirable. A third stupid thing they did was in first declaring one line, then another, and afterwards going back to the first again, in the neighbourhood of tfawJer Town. The fact was that they had no unanimity of action. One set of men atteuded one meeting and did one thing, and another set of men attended another meeting and undid it all again; then the first set attended a third megting and reversed what had been carried at the second meeting, and thus the whole was made into a mass of confusion. To cite another act of stupidity-when first he attended fce'orc the Board with Mr. Dawson and Mr. Phillis on the subject of the Gumeracha-road, h? distinctly enquired whether the Board considered it«eU bound by its arrange ment with Mr. R&ndell; or whether the question was still an open one. The answer was that the question was still open. The Board then sent out a surveyor to take the gradients of the two lines, and he reported upon that which he and Messrs. Dawson and Phillis had recommended as b^ing the better of the two. But what did the Board do then? Declared that it was bound by the agrcszn -nt wilti Mr. Jian icll, and that it could not entertain the question. Was not that a piece of stupidity? If they were bound by the contract with Mr. Kandell, and could not reopen the question, why, in the name of common sense, did they go to the expense of sending out the surveyor? He believed that the same stupid svstem would always continue as lone as they retained a Board. Until ihe whole manage ment of the roads V7as carricd out by a person respon sible to Parliameut, it would never be done ia a satis factory manner; at least, it would never be done to his satisfaction, whatever might be the fceliug of other people. Mr. PEDDEB seconded the amendment. He could not acquiesce with Mr. Grcig, who considered the members of the Central Board fully qualified to manage the main roads of the colony. Mr. GBEIG crp:ained that the qualifications of the pre sent members of the Board had nothing whatever to do with the position lie had taken, which referred to the system, and not to the individuals. I f the present mem bers were not qualified for their oilier, it wasiuth? power of the p.ople to elect better men, if they could i;*ii them, at the end of the year Mr. VEDDKB said the Board had not been abolished as yet, nor woald the present members abandon their seats, tie would pass no culo^ium upou them, for they were not possessed of qualifications sufficient to excite his commendation; but he wished to pass a few condemna tory remarks upon them. Their conduct had certainly met the approval of tbe inhabitants at large. The CKA.IRMA.it-You are going in aud out, a*d con tradicting yourself. Mr. PEDDEB-I will pay all imaginable obedience to you. Sir. The Cbajriux-'Will you just sit down, then ? Mr. PEDDEB-No, Sir, never. Tiie rirtTwxftv-That is not rendering obedience to mo. Mr. PfiDDia-The Central Road Board does not con sist of the majority of the people of Gumeracha. (A. laugh.) X now come to my second head. (Ri-neired laughter.) The Central Board has not been abolished, neither will tlicy vacate their seats unless at the request of the majority of their constituents. Mr. MONFEIES-YOU are going quite astray. Mr. PEDDER-1 f yon are a qualified practitioner of the Courts of Law f will obey what you Bay. The Chaikkax-You are quite oat of order. Mr. PfiBDBE- I hare seconded the amendment, and I wish to address the meeting. The Central lioad Board have the whole and sole management of the roads, and I will ask whether it is justifiable on their part or on the part of ths Postmaster-Gentral- (A. laugh inter rupting him.) Mr. EEDsruf-X beg leave to congratulate Mr. Cave on his seconder. (Continued laughter.) The Chairmah-I move that some other gen'leman be appointed ta second Mr. Cave's amendment. Mr. PEDDEB-1 have seconded the amendment. Mr. GBEIG - I h^ve only one remark to make. Mr. PEDDEB-You wish to get your own way, but you'll not get it. Mr. GBEIG only wished to remark, in answer to an ob» servation of Mr. Care's, that as the Land Fund went into the campion purse and formed a part of the general revenue, they could not separate ic, and say that it was from that particular souse 2 that the Central Board de rived its income. It was all a part of the colony's in heritance. Mr. CAVE -No ; a grift is not an inheritance. JJIr. GBEIG-It becomcs so when it has been absorbed into the common fund, and has passel from the first possessor. Many ate already dead to whom the Land ifund was first given over, and are succeeded by their children. Every year will add to the number of those who have inherited the Laud Fund with the other posses sions of thslr fathers, therefore we caunot separate it from the rest of the public revenue. With regard to the error about the Gameracha-road it was rather that of the Chairman than the Board. The truth was that he was bound to Mr. Bandell by all the ties that bind honest men, although there might not have been that legal obli gation which would be ueccssary to bind a rogue. Mr. Cave has spoken of the Board's sometimes reversing its ueciai n-;, but I really think that that, if it proves any thing, proves ouly that they aie very conscientious and very anxious to do what is ri,?hfc. A new light may be thrown upon a subject by fresh evidence, and the Board in such a case has rather yielded td reason than 6tood doggedly by a xesolntion wmeli was proved to have been incorrect. At all events X think a Commissioner of Public Works would be equally, if not fat more opsn to contendiug influences, and ths frequent change in the officer would no doubt often lead to an altered policy. The Chaibila? considered the Board iu every way most inefficient. In his opinion Mr. GEEIG submitted that the Chairman was wholly out of order iu speakin? to the question. Mr. Montbies remarked that Mr. Milne's influence with the Biard had been referred to; but in his belief Mr. Milne, or any other gentleman similarly sit-uated, would have far more influence with a single Minister than with a Board elccted by the different districts of the colony. The CoA.iK3iA.2f then pat Mr. Cave's amendment, saying he heartily hoped that every one would vote for it. The amendment was lost, only two bands being held up iu its favour. The original motion was tiiea put and carried by an overwhelming majority. The form of memorial prepared by the District Chair men's Association was adopted for presentation to the Legislative Council. Mr. CAVE moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was carried by acclamation. The CnAJBMAir responded, aud at the same time acknowledged the liberality of the ratepayers in having adopted the shilling rate. M r. GBEIG moved a vote of thanks to the press. Mr. E. W. Akusbws replied on behalf of the Sejister and Observer newspapers. The business of the meeting having closed, Mr. CAVE called attention to the deficient postal accommodation enjoyed by the district of Talunga. The Mouut Pleasant mail only came from Adelaide twice a week, though it had been ascertained by a late return to Parliament that the weekly average of Utters trans mitted by it was 140 more than that of Woodside, which had a daily mail, lie moved the adoption of a memorial to tte Postmaster-General, praying that the mail might be dispatched three times a week. Mr. seconded ihs resolution, but thought they ought also to ask. for an electric telegraph. Mr. CA.vb did not consider that advisable, as it would sot at present pay its expenses. The memorial having bean adopted, the Chairman was requested to siga it ou behalf of the meeting, and transmit it to the Postmaster-General. 