TILE "TIMES.' Of its history and its trophies we have not space to speak, nor indeed do we know enough. We have no introduction to the mysteries of Printing-house square. We have seen gentlemen who enjoy among their friends the reputation of sv writing for the Times," though we question their claims to the honour. We have been as sured that this article was written by Mr. Cranky, because his wife was not invited to Lord Palmerston's parties-and that, be cause Mr. High had obtained a govern ment oflice. We have observed- more, however, soie years ago, than at present a kind of unity of style in the articles, as if they were written in somecases by young men of talent, and corrected by an old hland. In particular, scarcely one leader used to be without a quaint application of Scripture phrases. But, however, this may be, of the general excellence and marvel loos ability of the 'iTimes there can be no doubt. It has been censured as unprin cipled-it has been termed desmocratic; yet, on the great questions of the church, of university education, and many others, it it has taken a sound and moderate line. It is rarely personal, never inssoral or ir religions. It forms a national taste for good English. Day after stay flings upon our breakfast tables essays of transcendent merit. There are men among the crowd is London who can writo with the nerve and succulence of Junius, with tise pure English wit of Swift, with the majestic swing and exuberant faey of Burke. Macaulay has nothing more sparkling. Berkicy nothing more beau tiful; Gibbon nothing more ornamented and epigramatic than the leaders in the 'isimes. We have read articles occasionally that were patriotic and thrilling as te speech of Pericles, some few-such as that on the confirmation of the Princess Itoyal-which had the gravity and piety of hooker. It is something to rise above thl. slipshod of personal politics. It is something to have the mind of the nation tinged with the color of minds which have all the air of the best society that the human intellect cant give. It is some thing to real contemporary history, and to view questions of the day as they are written by mein who have learnedto to hink from the great masters of antiquity. Aristotle, Plato, and Thucidides crop out through the 'i'imes. Its essayists are generally men into the soil of whose in tellect the leaves of ancient and modern literal stre have rotted, and made it rich and teeming. It has been said of Capt. Sterling that hIe first brought the Times into prominence by his faculty of "redacting into leaders the multilarious babblement of overy-day." It must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle of pass. Ing ovents, gauged by imnmutuable prian ciples of experience. Grant that, if it often lends, it sometimes follows public opinion-grant that it is not always con asntent, that it helps ministers into power, whom it also assists to overthrow-yet, it is marvellous that such power should exist among mos; more marvellous still, that it should be brought together six days out of seven with unfailing punctuality. The proverbial irregularity of the sallies of genius is brought under the yoke. The editor is never at a loss through the indo lence of a Steele, or the fastidionsness of an Addison, haunted by the ghost of some happier expression. The quantity is as surprising as the matter is generally excel. lent.-Dublin University eMagazine for January. 