THE REV. MR. BLEASDALE AND THE BIBLE SOCIETY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I trust you will allow me to reply to that uncharitable and deeply disingenuous e, letter that bigoted production which ap- pealed in your paper of date January 2nd, 1858, censuring the honest conduct of our present talented and statesmanlike Governor. I refer to the letter of my Royal Charter friend, John J. Bleasdale. The point now at in use in the second paragraph of this indignant Roman Catholic's letter, in these words "Now, as a [Roman] Catholic, I have a, right to object to this conduct, because the Bible Society is founded upon a falsehood, viz, that the [Roman] Catholics withhold the word of God from the people." I contend that the Governor had a perfect right to attend the Bible Society, he being a Protestant, and England being the country pre- eminent where the Bible is printed (ama- zingly) cheap, for circulation amongst all classes, and to the poor it is given. If the assertion is a falsehood, that the Bible is withheld, the public must, before they credit this charitable priest in his attempt to injure the Governor, and condemn wholesale the \- Bible Societies of Protestant England, and of her millions of sons spread over the wide world have some better proof than his un ' truthful assertion. In the fourth session of the Council of Trent, the reading of the Sacred Scriptures was virtually forbid. I quote from i "Le Platt's Copy of the Authentic Edition, published at Rome in 1884, and translated by the Rev. J. Waterworth and published by 0, > DolmaD, [R] Catholic bookseller, 61 New Bond-street, London, 1848." Session Fourth, 8th day of April, 1946: "Decree concerning the Canonical Scriptures.' " The sacred and holy, oecumenical, and general Synod of Trent, lawfully assembled in the Holy Ghost." Such is the heading of this famous decree. Then it goes on to assert that the Apocrypha is to be held as a part of the canonical books and asserts that the Church and the Church only" whose It is to judge of . the true sense and interpretation of the Holy Scriptures; and asserts this as by the " was' a nimoiiB consent of the Fathers." A fable, for ' no unanimous interpretation of the Bible I ever was produced by the so-called Fathers on the contrary, they of the primitive ages sadly differed. And calls Tridentine Council expressly forbids the printing of the Bible "without the license of ecclesiastical supe . riors." And this synod ordains and decree that henceforth the Sacred Scripture of all the said old and vulgateedition," and it only shall be licensed, but shall not be printed, o: Bold, or kept by any person, unless it shall have been examined and approved by the priesthood, so that they may know who dares to read God's Holy Scriptures And " besides this examination and approval they shall be bound to obtain a license also from their superiors, who shall have examined the books according to the form of their own , statutes." And pronounces the doom of " all those who lend or circulate them in mann script" as well as print; and upon all " we shall have them in their possession, or shall I read them," (proof, the Madaias very lately a " unless they discover the authors" or writer And further, " And the said approbation ( i books of This kind (Bibles and other religious , works) could be given in writing." To corn ' borate than, (it thousand instances might I i cited. One of the cardinals proposed the only the vulgate edition should be printed it was REO proposed to correct the vulgar and Bend one copy (only) to each Roman Catholic church, none for the people. TI words of another writer, the Rev. T. A. Buckley is, editor of the Tridentine Doctor and Cauonc, page 126, are these,-" So much then, for the arguments which terminated i a decree shutting up the Word of God to the poor, and speaking an unknown tongue to the unlearned." "So much for a decree which give a premium to ignorance, and pe mitted t-ii!i;;htuiiment, by way of courtesy, I those whom it could not keep in the dark This was in the sixteenth century. Who says the Rev. M. Hobart Seymour, Mass in his work published in London, by Seeley' Fleet-street, and Hanover-street, London 1849, entitled : A Pilgrimage to Rome, trea ing of the books of travellers on the Gout nent, and the unpleasantness at the Custom Houses, when books are part of the travellers' goods. Of these annoyances he says, page 78, thus, "They redirected specially against the English" from the spirit of freedom and independence characteristic of the English, the contagion of which is feared." "what' ever be the real cause of these strange proceedings, The fact is certain, that every copy of the Holy Scriptures is held to be contraband and seized accordingly." Obscene and profli- gate works, not religious, are not meddled with, only the Bible, or Protestant works on religion. Thus the English traveller is made to feel that he is entering a region where the Government is under the influence of the Romish priesthood land where that priesthood fears the effects of the reading of the Holy Scriptures a country where the people are prohibited by the laws from obtaining religious knowledge from the purest of all sources a nation where ignorance, immorality, superstition abound, and where despotism in the character of the Government,-priestcraft the essential character of the clergy, and ab- ject slavery the Inheritance of the people." As before observed, the Madras and hundreds of <? others of very recent date bear out the denial of the Bible to the sect known as Roman Catholics, wherever they are, and the frequent Bible burnings of this sectinIre-( land is collateral proof. ] Again, at pages 238 and 239 of " A Pilgrimage to Rome are found these words : " The ignorance of the population of Italy, both eccles rustics and largs, respecting the Holy Scriptures, is complete and total. I heard from one who had resided ten years at Rome that one copy of the sacred volume in the language of the people could not be procured, unless in secret, in any bookselling establishment at Rome. ' 1 he surprise and incredulity with which I heard this statement determined me to test it, and to judge for myself respecting what appeared so strange an exaggeration. I visited in person every shop, and in every shop was informed that they had no copy of the Holy Scriptures in the language of the people. I asked on every occasion why they did not possess so important a book, and on every occasion they replied, 'Non épermesso'-it is not permitted; or E prohibits'- it is prohibited. The result was the fullest confirma- tion of the statement made to me for I could not obtain a portable copy in the establishment of any bookseller in Rome. I found two copies of Martini's edition in 24 volumes, and at a cost of 105., or about £4 sterling, equal relatively to £6 in this country" (England). " Indeed so great was the ignorance as to the na tureoftheHolyScriptures.though familiar with their name, that one of the most respectable booksellers There presented to me a copy of Palmer's Dictionary of the Bible," andinalstad it was the Bible itself, and I was obliged to leave his shop without being able to convince him to the contrary It was to obviate this ignorance that the high ceremonies of the Church of Rome were originated." May I ask the Rev. J. J. Bleasdale how many copies of the Holy Scriptures in the English language their priesthood have furnished to the thousands of the sect of the Church of Rome that are under their rule in Victoria up to the present day ? By the bye, if it is wrong of a Protestant Governor to attend a Bible meeting, what may be said of those Protestants who attend at fancy fairs, got up to erect Romish nunneries, and pay their money to shut up their fellow-creatures? How many Romanists ever pay in their money for Protestant purposes query, Miss Nightingale's fund to wit? "Roma located east," " causality est." Rome spoke at the Council of Trent anent the Holy Scriptures, and the old motto is yet held intact. The Bible was then, and yet is shut up from all persons of the sect Roman Catholic, and the Bible Society's operations are founded in truth, and not as the uncharitable man says, founded on falsehood. Good bye. Reverend Sir. JOHN P. FAWKNER, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Your able remarks upon Mr. Bless d sales extraordinary letter I road with very great satisfaction; but the conclusion you come to is not in keeping with what precedes it, and I for one would be truly sorry to see our excellent Governor act upon your sag- I gestion. If he must in his private capacity forswear attendance at Bible meetings, he may with equal propriety (and that by your own showing) give up his attendance at church. St. Paul's injunction, to which you refer, is quite out of place here. Though so con- siderate on proper occasions for his " weaker brethren," we know how he made it a principle to withstand them when they were doing wrong. Witness his conduct towards St. Peter at Antioch. Mr. Bleasdale objects to the Bible Society because it is " founded upon a falsehood, that falsehood being that the " Catholics with- hold the word of God from the people." Now this consideration of what Catholic practice is with regard to the circulation of the Scriptures, is one that seldom or ever enters our calculations as supporters of the Bible Society. We know and believe that the best interests of our race are bound up with a knowledge of God's own Book, and that the more we : diffuse it the better it will be for all humanity. But since Mr. Bleasdale meets the question, we may inquire perhaps how it happens that a society which has for its sole object the distribution of the Holy Scriptures without note or comment, should not have a single Catholic among its members? Mr. Bleasdale spurns as a falsehood the assertion " that the Catholics withhold the Word of God from the people." Why, then, does he not at once join our ranks, and thus give the best possible answer to such an accusation? As we circulate nothing but the pure Scripture text without any human addition, what has he to fear for his faith more than we have? We both profess to found our faith upon the same blessed book. Why not let it go forth, then, to the utmost possible extent, and let me judge for themselves whether Catholic doctrine or Protestant doctrine is most in keeping with what they find in its pages ? If there is one society more than another which should have Catholics as well as Protestants on its platform It is the Bible Society. For, though in the English language the authorised or Protestant version is the only one made use of the translations employed in the Continental language! are those of Catholics, Witness the controverts that has been going on in England for months past upon this very subjection party contending for the use of Protestant versions in the foreign languages, and the leaders of the Bible Society, with the Earl of Shaftesbury at their head, strenuously opposing them and supporting the continued use of the Catholic versions ! And with regard to the authorised English ' version, is Mr. Bleasdale aware that the late American issue of the Catholic New Testament is almost word for word the same a that used in the Protestant churches ? I have just stumbled upon the following passage, and from what the writer asserts it would appear that in the very centre of the (Roman Catholic world there more need of the Bible Society's operations than anywhere else : " There only one Catholic edition of the Scriptures to be found in Italy - that by Martini, which is in 23 volumes. The price at which it is sold is absolutely prohibitive ; I could not procure one at Rome, in 1845, to less than 105 francs-that is four guinea! The prohibitive nature of this price may b Seen from the fact that four guineas are re : garded as high wages by the year for a servant maid at Rome-so that she would have to give a whole year's wages for a copy of the Scrip tures." So that what may be had in London for one shilling, costs at Rome four guineas and yet we are required to believe that the Church of Rome is as zealous for the circulation of the Bible as the Protestant Church of England and America I remain, Mr. Editor, Your obedient servant, W. M. Melbourne, 3rd January, 1858. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-As the Rev. Mr. Bleasdale says in his letter, inserted in last Saturday's Argus, that the Roman Catholics are favorable to the distribution of the Bible among the people, I would like to hear from him why it is, then, that they have not Bible Societies and why it is that he has not shown the same disposi- tion on this subject as the Apostle Paul did upon another (Phillipians, 1 chap., 15 to 18 v.), where he says, " Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife and some of good will: the one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds ; but the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel. What, then? Notwithstanding, every way, ' whether in pretence or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice; yea, and will rejoice." You will oblige by inserting the above in your valuable paper. I am, Sir, yours truly, A SUBSCRIBER. 