MUNICIPAL CIQSCNT Wosjjili, Kovikssb 8. Hugall, Hilton, Baldwin, Wy'att, C0SB1 SFOK'1j^t*CE A letter from Mr» B. Bruf.^dook riiwiari i,«e i:nv!iur pay uythlngtawud. the requested the Curpora'^on to sue Mr. H itcman, the perton uho was ovmci; c{ ^he tironcrtv iu whith llie tUe lent to to nave tl:e street vmproved. thnth°t?ouuc'' decided ibat the property was iia'jl?, and wques^" cot comply witU Ur, Bradflocfs A iplfer from Jlr. Templar, doted Xoranber 2nd, Etatcu that the subscribers would be able to pay £75 over in about o fortnight, and hoped the Council woufd proceed wit\j. the road as soon as possible. A letter from Air. Joseph Smith, of Thebarton, com Elaine j that lie had been lined, oil Thursday last, for allowing Uis sou's peat to he tethered to the fence of a Slactation, where it destroyed two or more trees, lie p.d since examined Che plaec, and not finding any trees destroyed, he now accused the Park Banger of having asserted an untruth. His WoEsmr said there was no defence set up, but on the plea ol poverty a week was allowed for the payment o_r the fine, 10s. It appeared that the use made of the time given was to Jay that complaint against the Park Banger. The fine was confirmed, and the complaint net entertained. A letter from Mr. William HarroM offered to remove the blood and offal froia the FlauphtCr'aouse for the term of tlLve-e \var* (daily, Sundays excepted) for £203 per annum, provided he was permitted a right of Toad by the Sqsatters' Arms, across the Park Lands, and the use *>f one of the old tanks to rcceivc the blood. It was proposed to refer the latter to the Market and Slaughterhouse Committee. M?. CLA.be thought the subject should "be immediately considered, as Mr. Harroki would only keep his offer opr.u until that day week. A general opinion tras expressed that the nuisance could be removed oflocfoailv, which had not been the caee under the existing sur.ingemeaT, at a great saving ©f money l»y accepting Mr. H rrdld's (Hir. His ceship, in reply to a question, said the co: tract 1 with the Ueodcrkcr would etd about March next. In the event of acc&ft;&g; Mr. Harrold's offer the salary of tin D.-odiiriz.TTsas*: bi continued to that time. Mr. \Y YATI -But we will have no more claims Tor che micals. (A 5&th;:b.) Alderman <3LA2TDrn:nD thought the subject should be carefuEy considered. He admitted that if the offer could be carried out a very gr«at saving would Le effected* Sir. <-labs said the deodorizing establishment had , been «. great drag cn the Corporation: they had not only i the stlary of the ofsioer to pay, but also to meet expenses ? for fscl and chemicals. He moved that the oiler of Mr. ^ Harrold he in:n»pdiatcly entertained. Ivir. SiH'rcr thought they should proceed carcfal'j. KDJcrs similar to Mr. Hamild'u had been entertained, *fcut they ba<; not been carried out; and there were era.ny :inatfcrs of detail to bj arranged which required con sideration. Alderaian Glakufield moved that the offer Vere- 'j iferreri to the Market and Slaughterhouse Committee. Alderman Weight supported that amendment. Alderman ELLIOTT wished the Council to deride the matter, but saw no reason why it should, not tc hold over for a week's consideration. j llr. Claek was content that his rcsefei'lon chOwid be j "Withdrawn. Befcrred to the Market and Sl.isghterhousa Com mittee, Mr. Harrcld to bs request to attend. The Committee to report to the Council rrext meeting. A letter was read from David Voung, contractor for work in Jcrnrognam-strect, asking for n settlement of Jus claim, or that it should be referred to arbitration. The Csrx: SusvEroa said he had o£s?od the highest price which he found pad to i&y; contractor Tor similar work to tae extent on which Mr. Young claimed. It was also a fair piiec for the work. The Council decided on abiding by their former decision-namely, to i ay the amount recommended by the City Surveyor. j Another letter from Sr. Yoixg claimed payment for paving a culvert near Kent Town Bridge, also j-aymait j for a screen lent by him to (he late City Surveyor, and wem out before it trsr returned. Beferred to iheCity Surveyor to report. A letter from the proprietor of the menagerie invited I Sis Worship ait & the City Council to visit his exhibition. The Towu C*2rk to acknowledge the receipt of the letter. 1 A letter from Mr.'George Luly complained that he was assesr^e-iTor two properties in Archer-street^ while he had only-one in Tynte-strcet, and that he submitted was ascf££d at to J hich a rate. A letter from Mr. J. Solomon gave notice that he would appeal against the assessment of his property in Hiudloy-sfreet (corner of Moiphett-street), it being assessed, at least, at one half above its marketable *value. Befcrred to a Court of Appeal, constituted of the I Mayor. Aldermen, Couneicrs, and Assessors for the I several wards. Appeals to be received up to the 1st December. ' Mr, Gseobmx moved, and Mr. Williajts seconded, that the Court of Appeal for Kobe Ward be held at the Sui'tsman's Hotel, Xorth Adelaide. The motion was postponed at the request of Mr. I SAS ECU". CUT GUBVETOBSHir. The Towjr Clerk read a letter from 3ilr. Coulthard, requesting pcrmitsion to withdraw his applieavion, on ! the ground that the Commissioner of Public Works con- i sidcred his attention would be required until the com pletion of theGlenelg Jetty, which would be about the 1st February next. Mr. Wxllxjuxs moved that the commencement of | the Survt*yw'« be de^cmd Ttr ttrcc montba, ce there really wap, he remarked, no necessity for the i appointment, avd the salarj' could be saved until the ; time mentioned by Mr. Coulthard. Mr. WTATT consiJercd 'hat the passing of scch a reso lution would he cn injustice to the other applicants, who* for oil he knew, w^re quite as competent as Air. j CouHbard. Mr. THOMAS supported the same view. I His Woasmr said Mr. Cox, the overseer, had stated that he could ca ry out any works requiring attention for the nest three months. Mr. BIB hell considered that there wa6 ample employ ment tor a City Surveyor for the nrxt three months in drawing up specifications for works to be carried out when tl.c Council WcS in funds. Alderman Glajsufield concurred. He thought the services cf a Surveyor were required no:/to prepare for carrying- out works before winter 6et in. As it was proba ble that a majority of members would have voted for 31 r. Couhhard, ther might he thought, wish to consider which of the other candidates they would selecL Mr. Clabe thought that many competent gentlemen badabst-ined from competing in deference to Mr. Coul thard. On that ground, also because he knew, as a mem ber of the Public Works Committee, that there really was not employment for a fcurveyet at present, and be cause he thought tfcnt the Council to be elccted at the end of the year should have the appointment of the City Surveyor, he was for deferring the election of Surveyor until utter tho wardmote elections. Alderman WEIGHT mcv< <3, and Mr. BIBEELL seconded, that frcsh applications be inrited for two weeks for the office of C<v £ur*Tver; the appointment to be proba tionary for six months. jar. S?ABBis3r said the letterof Mr. Coulthard merely asked permission to withdraw; it was therefore compe tent to the Council to elect him, the appointment to take effect from the 1st February. Alderman Wright's amendment was negatived. The motion wa? carried by the Mayor's casting vote. The voting cn a division stood as follows: For the motion-The Mayor, Aidermau Eilio^ Messrs. Baldwin, Williams, Hu£f\ll,Sabben, Osborne,and Hilton. Against the motion-Alderman GlandQeld, Messrs. Wyatt, Cox, Clark, Thomas, Goode, and Uirrell. Mr, BIEEEXL moved tliat Mr. Coulthard be permitted to withdraw Hs application. Alderman GLA^tdfibld supported the motion on the ground of justice to the other persons who had scntin applications. Thn motion was kst by 0 to 7. Aidermau Glakdfield called for a division. Mr. CLACK objected to being required to divide, as Aidermau Wricht had not voted on the former division. Alderman WEIGHT explained that he would have been compelled to vote for both motion and amendment on that occasion, if he voted at alL The division was-For the motion: Alderman Gland field, Messrs. B'rrcll, Goode, Thomas Cox, and Wyatt. Against the motion: Aldermen Elliott and Wrighr, Mwsrs. Baldwin, Williams, Hugall, Sabbcn, and Os borne. It. was resolved to defer the election for a week. FLA3TTAI10ITS. Mr. Osboeite proposed that the Corporation should have noUcc-boards to warn mischievous persons from destroying ihe trees; and cn his motion the matter was referred to the Committee of Public Works. WATER BATE. A water rate of Is. per loot frontage was, on ihe motion of Aidermau Glakdfield, agreed to for the | port ons of Ituudle and Hindley-streets far which tenders for watering had been called. HAKIKG PB1VATE BTttEETS. Mr. Clabe prodacd a series of accounts for a claim for work done by the Corporation; none of the accounts were iu satisfactory detail, and no two were alike. The person Interested (Mr. I^vcoish) complain-d also that the collector, Mr. Hollins, sent him insulting letters through the Vest-Office. Alderman Gla>t>field said the money would have been paid three mouths ago had a proper account been made out. Mr. BIBHELL remarked that the citizens should be Srotccted from the often complained of insolence of Ir. Hell in 5. The Towir Clesk, having referred to the accounts, said they had all been made out bifore the resolution of | th* Council requiring full particulars to be supplied in such cases. Had Mr. Hollins applied for proper amounts since that resolotiou had hceu passed, they would have \ been furnished to him. tekdhes. The trndcrs for Grry-sirtet to be rendverUs«d for a week; also, the tenders for gates and benchep, Victoria- i square, thwe being no lump sum mentioned in several tenders opcv.ed a>. required by a recent resolution. Mr. tiECELL expreissd a hope that the press would not divulge the $riccs read from the tenders th*t. had | been opened. FI>-A3TCEAX. Tl«e rep^t of the Finance Committee exhibited the j following totals;-Kcc ipts, £330 lis. 5d.; exnenditure, £390 53. 2d. Adjourned until Monday next. Kaxgakh-la Sctndat-SCHOOL.-The follow ing is from a correspondent:-*'This Sunday-school anniversary was held on Sanday, the 21th ultimo, when two sermons were preached morning and evening by the Bev. M. Wilson, and the children recited several chap ters of the Scriptures and interesting pieces of poetry. Oft the M onday they were regaled with tea; after which a public meeting wis held, presided over by Mr. E. Bur gess, end seve-r-il edifying addresses were delivered on the occasion. The expenses of the school being defrayed out of the proceeds of the services, the surplus was generoufcly and unanimously voted to the Chapel Fund, which, with the promises of lisac and sand, will cnible the Trustees to ceil and plaster the cbapei forthwith, without increasing the debt, which is now about £100." CONGREGATIONAL CHAPEL, Fkeekan ctbbbt.-On Sunday morning a sermon was delivered i by the Bev. Thomas Binuey, at the above chapel, on t!*:c occasion of its eighteenth anniversary; and a collection was made in aid of the fand for biirtging out miuisters from England. The chapel was filled with a most atten tive congregation. The rev. preacher took his text from Bomans, xiv. 17-" For the kingdom of God i* sot meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." He glanced at the state of the early Christian Church in Home, and the heartburnings which had arisen ther*, as in most other places, between Jewish and Gentile converts. He i>oiuted oat the way in which St. Paul, who always insisted 6trongly upon essential points, reprehended any intolerance upon those which were Don-essential, and upon which good men night conscientiously differ. This he applied to the ques tion of Church union, which has recently been so xauch discussed; ynrf placed in the strongest light the duty of Christians of ft-1 denominations to carry out as far as possible the epirit of the apostle's injunctions. Xn the afternoon the Holy Sacrament was administered by Mr. Biuney to the members of seve ral Congregational Churches, and there were present, as we understand, the whole of the members belonging to that ^ denomination in Adelaide and its vicinity. In the evening the Bev. T. Q. Stow preached from 1st Corin* thians, vL' 1.0-" For ye are bought with a price: there fore glorify God in your body, and in your epirit, which are God's*" After the sermon the rev. gentleman took occasion to remark that it was a double anniversary, in asmuch as he had preached his first sermon in South Australia on that day 21 years ago, three years before the opening of the Fr -eman-stxeet Chapel. A collection was nade tortiie same object m that in the morning* 