^attrq, t«?ngrcai aim $mn. . I THE YEA.B THREE THOUSAND AND THREE OB. WHAT MAY UE. [from TaiCs IZdixburgh Magazine, fbt January.3 | Bat 1 am epe^kitig rather in the tense Called panlc-pott-JfititrUTk.-jByron. It was in the jtar i liree Thousand and Three I walked through London town; And raaaners, and customs, sad houses, find men, Seemed turned just upside down! The kitchen was built at the lop of the house; All basement-cookiue was o'er; And the moment your foot t^n threshold touchcd. An automaton opened the deor. The "busses*' were gone, with the era ay cabs So science served for a boon. For all racu kept horeis that ate no corn, And each horse was-a small balloon. Ecch p iH was printer and pnrt. well; For while the rich words did flow. He t 'iiehed his press, rounn whirled the wheels. And out leaped a neat 8701 Sodet3 , too (cot J, nor you. Bat all of the wise and good Of the rich and poor, from the carriage-seat To the place where the footmaa stood)" Society-learned to mend its scales False weights uo more invents; None rate a man low for a hole in bis coat Nor high for his Three per.Cents I By their own deeds all, did each stand or fall, hank loBt its lying myths; ? Andyo.ir lordly St. «s?»r'* and Howards by scores. Were no better than plain John Smiths 1 Less " noble" blood, more ot true and good, Health of body and more of miad; No lordly mites grew fat on earth's cbeese. While the poor men starved on the rind. Onne-a fool sat up in the House of Lords Because of liis father's speeches ; Now-a man might be as food as he, Though his father had mended breechcs! There was less Ted tape to be seen at Whitehall; No commissions were hon.ht and sold; And a lord was not made a general Because-useless, infirm, aim old. No hollow credit-that ghost of gold Could bolster up swindlers base; But, with means in his hand, each man in the land, Looked his fellow-man in the face. In onr church a wonderful change could I see, A change 'twould well afford; Le. s talk of our Christianity, More love for the Christian's Lord* And mcu were married at twenty-five; None talked of ** sowing wild oats!" For the women eared less for extravagant dress. And the mcu fi.r the cut of tbeir coats I I passed the Workhouse at Marylebone, And a few old paupers I saw, Who obtained their rights-a loaf and a bed, As a bimple matter of law I And " Oh I sighed, " these people are mad, Or a wondrous change is here;" For 1 heard them blessing the Goardians Board! And none carted the Overseer! Jack Ketch was dead-and his office unknown; No need man's crimes to check By gratuitous show, for young thieves below, A man with a rope round his neck* Few ginshops gang-so crime was less: Men put it now to the vote. If cloth were net better upon the back, Thau-vitrol down the throat. All seemed to chr.nge-then melt the 6now, At the rays of the morniu^'s sun. When 1 cc-ised to snore, while a knock at the door, Announced that my dream waa done. If dreams be sweet-my heart is sad. That we cannot dream ont onr life; Aye, dream that the maid, who won the heart. Will keep it still as-the wife ! Or dream that a boon conferred remains As a memory sweetly true j Nor wake to know, when the cold winds blow, Friendship gives not one LO.TJ. Ah,me! tis sad such brief respite's had. From lire's cares-which come in a Hock, With the flush of day, and the moraiag- grey, And ** Please. Sir. past eight o'clock." W. B. B.S. 