AJCIi OIV ACCOUNT OX1 X.OVJB. It has frequently been said that you might as well try to set tho Niagara Falls on fire with a lucifer match, as to attempt to prevent a young couplo from getting marriod when they tako it in their heads to do so. They will overcome all obstaclos to accomplish such a purpose, as tho following etory will amply demonstrate Iu Manchester a maiden dwelt, .Her name was Phosbo Brown; Her chocks were red, her hair was black, And sho was considered by good judges to he by all odds tho beat-looking girl in town. ; Ilor ago was nearly soventeen ; ' Her eves wero sparkling bright ; 1 A very lovely girl was she — ' : And for about a year and a-half thero had been a young man paying attention to her by the name of Kouben Wright. Now Reuben was a nico young man As any In tho town ; And Pliojbo loved him very dear ; But on account of his being obliged to work for a living, ho novcr could make himself agreeable- to old Mf. and Mrs, Brown. \ Hor parents wero resolved \ ; . ' Another sho should wed — 1 '. A rich old miser In the nlaco : . And *ld Brown frequently declared that rather than have his daughtor marry Reuben Wright, ho'd sooner knock Win 011 the head. '. But Pbccbo's heart was brave and strong j ,' I Sho fcar'd no parent frowns ; And as for Reuben Wright so bold, I've heard him say moro than fifty timos that, with the excoption of I'lucbe, ho didn't care a straw for tho wholo raco of Browns. ; So Phoebe Brown nnd Reubon Wright Determined thoy Bhould mnrry j Three weeks ago, last Sunday night, Tiioy started for old Parson Wobater's, dolonnlnod to lo utlffeii in tho holy bonds of matrimony, though it was tremendous ii!rk- and ruined int? tuo Old Harry. 1 ?.??. But Capt. Brown was wido uwako! \ ~~ ? Ho loaded up his gun, - And then pursued tho loving pair; ' Ho overtook 'em when they'd got about l-liV to tho parson's, and Reubon and . PI cebe .J,?!,*^' upon a run. ' . 'wted off Old Brown then took n deadly nliii .lowards young Reuben's head, : ?' ? But, oh ! it was n bleediiiff shame. ' Uo imulo n mistake, and shot hisonlv dm, 1 . 4 ami. had the uns.enknblo anguish, of see' iur I? sb.tw' \ right down stono dcadl, . ° Is ??« drop Then anguish filled young Reuben's heart ' ' And vengeance crazed his brain;' ??' , j ?: Ho.drow an awful jack .knilb out,' '--'i ' i, And plunged it into old !Bro{™ ibnnf fl-i sixty tl,nes,8o that.it.wasverydoubSabou ,H»V °r coming to lifo again. .-.?:??? ,, .''''/'» ever j Tho'brinv drop3 from Rouben's eyes ' In torrents poured down; ? ?;.??.'? I v Ho yiolded up tlio ghost nnd died ? 1 : r And this' melancholy and heart-rnniiSn ?'' I terminated tho history of Reuben ami Pl,'be 'ndT^ I 