METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. | (From the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, 6th March. FRENCH condiments have of late so seasoned our once homely British fare that an ordinary dish of politics is insipid and intolerable. Nothing but a crisis is sufficiently flavoured to meet the public palate and if there isn't a crisis everything else is voted flat, tame, and vapid. The late crisis is now a fortnight old, and is of course quite out of date. It is felt to be an anachronism to mention it, unless forarchoolo gical purposes and for these the public care no more than does the member for Bucks when scouring over the Chiltern Hills, classic though they be, on his way to the Aylesbury hustings To dig aside he doth not turn, In tumut, for coin or run, Or urinal, I was To prove, two thousand years ago, That money made the mare to go, And Romans did as we do now With pitcher, vase, and pot. What England is doing or going to do nobody knows, and nobody cares, according to present appearance. What France is doing, or going to do, is the one thing thought of. Mr. Disraeli's hand organ to-day has commenced official grinding in praise of the Tuileries, as well as of No. 1, Grosvenor-gate, and treats us to a few bars in honour of the good intentions of the Emperor, setting forth that we should have the whole time but for-what The weather ! The wind is so high and the quicksilver so low that communications can't be made with the usual rapidity; consequently, it is impossible to say whether L. N. B. has made up his -mind to take London from the English, or the English to take umbrage from the French ; but Sir Oracle is of opinion that there is no absolute danger of either of these momentous captures, and that matters will jog along as hitherto, it being impossible that his imperial Majesty should suppose the British lion to be in a belligerent mood, as of course it is seeing that Pakington is at the Admiralty, How it happens that confidential information of this kind comes from such a quarter at such a time is very curious and not a little comical, all things considered. It was once said of Sir F. Burdett, when perpetually retailing in the House of Commons French de- rived information respecting French intentions, that he picked up much of his information from a person who ate his hebdomadal dinner with the whispers of the man who whispered to the whisperer of Fouche. And something of the same sort may be said of these magpies of the Press, who cuckoo the parrots that echo the flunkies of Persigny. However, the proverb forbids inspection of the mouth of a gift horse, and we ought to be thankful for the news, whatever its source. From it, and from all things else, it is pretty clear that the old string is to be harped upon, in the way Malmesbury " smote the sounding shell" in '52, puffing our imperial ally as the European Providence, and bowing before him accordingly, in a fashion which Palmerston himself, who anticipates everything, could hardly have been prepared for. Rather odd, there is being advertised to-day, for sale on Monday next, an autograph of the Viscount s, appended to a very remarkable document, namely, a War Office order to Sir Hudson Lowe, concerning certain staff officers employed in guarding one General Bonaparte in a place called St. Helena, [surely he has a first-class decoration of the " order" lately issued ?] and other particulars pertaining to that pleasant time, long long ago. When was it In 1826. Why that must have been in his Juvenile Whig days, ages before. It was in his old Tory days, and even then he was a veteran placemen, having been swathed in red-tape twelve years previously, and never in bandaged from that comfortable ligature all the intervening time, nor for nearly eight years subsequently. Truly Fortune must have kept a special look out for her favourite, who comes of a lucky race for in addition to Sir W. Temple, who served several sovereigns, and had an eye to two crowns, or rather to two heads for the one crown, at the same time, there was another of the tribe distinguished for celestial and terrestial, not to say subterranean, attributes. It isn't perhaps generally known, that is to say, nobody knows anything about it, that one of Palmerston's putative ancestors was called the Man of God Leofric. Earl of Mercia, famous for various performances, including his marriage with the un crinolined Lady Godiva, the inspection of whose unsophisticated toilette had nearly caused Peeping Tom to be torn into Coventry ribbons, but has since furnished posterity with excellent materials for history, in the shape of pantomime ; -a taste for which latter entertainment Lady 6's remote offspring, Lord P., has certainly done his share to keep up. It was by building churches, especially St. Alban's Abbey, that Leofric acquired the pious soubriquet aforesaid, just as it is by making bishops of obscure par- sons and privy seals of Clanricarde that his descendant has acquired the appellation. Concerning Clan, expectation stands on tip- toe, like a prying chambermaid, as expectation necessarily is in such a case, respecting his promised delicate disclosures on Monday week, when he is to prove heaven or some place else only knows what. He says he will stand it no longer. What the impersonal pronoun is it is not easy to say, but everybody is anxious to learn. Whether he means to call Hobbs, Chubb, and Bramah to prove that the way he opened Mrs. Hancock's door was not à la pick- lock, or that he means to read affidavits from the Right Hon. W. Keogh, to the effect that that personage judgment respecting the fabrication of testamentary documents has been reversed since he ascended the Bench, is among the items of puzzlement that stimulate the wonder-mongers to look for a most piquant tableau. Who will be present on the interesting and edifying occasion ? Will Lord Shaftesbury's bishops ? Will Lord Shaftesbury himself ? Of course Lord Campbell will, and perhaps with his own and decency act to warn " his noble friend how he comes within the meshes of the law. Equally, of course, Brougham will be there, to show that there can be no violation of the law where the air itself is a " chartered libertine," and, consequently, that they who breathe it can't be expected to be strait-laced. Will there be any strong-minded females in the gallery ? Unlike the Commons, there is no brass lattice work to keep brazen faces in countenance. All is open, and every- one knows who's who, and what the who came there for. Clan must speak out or there is no use in his speaking at all. Potatocrat though he is, he mantle mealy-mouthed, and must call a spade a spade, however infra dig. such language be in such a place. But he should have used other language in another place, according to the example of a few other Irishmen. In 1816, the year after Waterloo, Wellington, who was famed for gallantry of a more than military kind, was assailed in a leading and a pious paper here for certain latch-key transactions in Brussels, in reference to Lady Frances Caroline Wedderburn Webster. The Duke, who was at that time more sensibly insensible to journalistic criticism than he afterwards was in the case of the late Mr. R. Alexander, of Liverpool, disdained to take personal notice of the thing. Not so the lady, or rather her husband, who, with the Duke's sanction, brought an action against Mr. C. Baldwin, as publisher of the paper he was owner till the other day, and laid damages at the trifling figure of £50,000, Sergeant Best, the late Lord Wynford, being plaintiff's counsel. The Duke of Richmond, who was constantly with the F.M. at that time, gave evidence of the impossibility of the libel being true, and Lords Grantley, Arthur Hill, and John Somerset were prepared to give like evidence ; but the Chief Justice [Gibbs] ruled that it was needless. The extenuation set up was that small damages would best prove to the world the worthlessness of the charge ; a notion neither judge nor jury exactly entertained, for £2000 was the sum awarded. Why didn't, or doesn't, Clanricarde follow, or cause to be followed, so illustrious a precedent ? There have been grounds for scores of actions these two years. Why didn't he bring one, and so clear up the mystery and his own character ? He says he has been advised not No doubt; sensible advice : so the public think; and they will probably be confirmed in that opinion when he shall have made his defence, and added another illustration to the wisdom of the saying concerning the class of people lawyers have for their clients when they plead their own cause. After all, however, there is an infinitude of cant about this case of Clanricarde. If the late Privy Seal were the stamp of man, or rather of monster, alleged, how comes it that he visits and is visited by so many model moral men and women of the aristocracy, pinks of patrician propriety ? Within the last three months no name has figured more frequently as host and guest in the most unexceptional society. The keeper of her Majesty's conscience and the better half of that sacred functionary have entertained and been entertained by her Majesty's Privy Seal. So with the President of her Majesty's Council and his moiety and so with several others of her Majesty's Ministers and their spouses ; so also with many of the nobility having no connection with the Cabinet, nor the Cabinet's party, and themselves exemplary in every way. How then account for their recognition of the lampooned lord if he were the man the world says, and yet the world is generally no fool in respect to men of this world, though it often errs in regard to individuals who profess to belong to the next. But, above all, how shall we account for the special favour extended to the tabooed peer by the patriarch of the peerage. Lansdowne, whose morality is as unspotted as his own cravat, which he changes three times a day The Marquis was once a lion himself, and cut a prodigious figure in arithmetic and Roger de Coverley, but then he was always as decorous in the latter, when decorum wasn't the order of the night, as he was extravagant in the former, which was prior to the birth of the Calculating Boy's father. " Peace to his dancing and financing days " was once one line, and the least complimentary, of a complex in which his lordship shone in a poetical pasquin- ade called the " Talents Run Mad," published forty odd years ago, and it was added that " pumps and a budget raised him to the skies," where he seemed by no means a heaven-born minister. It was recorded at the time that the first act of the talented administration was to tell the country that its resources were drained dry, and its next to double the property-tax that then came Lansdowne, with a magical budget to carry on the war for ever and ever, without additional taxation, precisely as Mr. Gladstone more recently proposed. "John Bull jumped for joy, man-milliners and pig-iron were happy. But, alas, it was soon recollected that M. Dumont (who afterwards assisted Mirabeau in de- throwing Louis,) had educated the Marquis and it was suspected he had also taught his pupil the financial system of his countryman, Necker. So, as this system had already ruined France, plain men conjectured it might like wise ruin England. The Marquis himself couldn't make head or tail of it. Some thought it was the sinking fund reversed, but all allowed that it resembled nothing so much as Darwin's scheme to replenish human arteries by trans- fusing into them, with a syringe, the blood of a calf. His Lordship has never held his head up since." The " since " here referred to was ten years after the incident in question. Fourteen years after that again, after this quiz on his failure, he did begin to hold up his head, and tolerably erect too, and he hasn't dropped it much subsequently, eight-and-twenty years later. There is something supernatural in this longevity, all the more amazing as the Marquis is not of the class of annuitants. These never die. Even if they do die their ghosts rehabilitate themselves in the flesh every quarter-day for the purpose of clutching their pensions. This we find in our immortal old friends, the Toulonnese and Corsican refugees, whom we have been paying long enough to have permitted their returning to second childhood, and then becoming their own grandfathers and grandmothers over again. Yet here will they be next Easter in the estimates, just as fresh as at any time during the last half-dozen generations. As for Lansdowne, only fancy writing in 1858 of a still living, active, nimble, busy, fussy politician, who remembers when Louis Bourbon was apparently a good deal safer on the throne of his father than is Louis Bonaparte on the throne of his uncle : recollects Lord North, when stone blind, coming down to Parliament to speak and vote against the Test and Corporation Act and may have heard Pitt, when a Radical, propose free-trade with France, while Wilberforce talked the other way. One can hardly believe in such chronology ; but as it is harder to disbelieve it, why the best plan is to take it for granted, on the probable assumption that it will be all the same a hundred years hence, when the Marquis will perhaps be talking of Palmerston and Russell then as he talks of Fox and Burke now for there is certainly no decay either about the man or his garments, which latter always seem as if they had just been brought up from Moses and Sons, so radiant is the gloss upon them; and as if they were intended for some old English comedy of " Speed the Plough" school, wherein blue coats and brass buttons are of nearly equal importance as the dramatis personae. Time was when " Reform your tailor's bills, or rather your tailor's measures, where among your aspirations of the once ambitious Foxite ; but the realisation has been as phantasmagoric as the rest of his dreams and he is obliged to be content with showing in his own person that the male mode of the media vatism of George III. is at least as good as that of the Victorian epoch, advertising snips in the latter case to the contrary notwithstanding. It was among the items of despondency in the days of our imaginative grandfathers, when Palmerston was supposed to have left off sowing his wild oats [Lansdowne's were sown before he cut his eye teeth, that the art of painting battles must necessarily have perished from the then modern military costume being so abomin- ably unpicturesque, epic though the times and doubtedly were, in so many incidents and so 1 | many men. Future ages, it was said, would read with astonishment that the wisest schemes were planned, and the most gigantic schemes executed, by people in smart coats with a landing shred of skirt, bandages round their necks, and, one trembles to write it, breeches ! How, it was asked, is a poet five centuries hence to manage about the Battle of Waterloo? Instead of hacked barbers and habergeons, perforated mail, and arrows stuck in shields, he must sing of holes made in pantaloons, jackets shot away, and little buttons that stop a bullet [provided it isn't impelled with greased cartridges]. Or will antiquity itself, by association of ideas, give a venerable effect to the word knapsack, or add sublimity to the liquid dissyllable canteen? Still worse with painters. No slight of hand can make a cocked hat harmonize with horror. In poetry one can conceive a grand idea of Satan when we read that " on his crest horror sat plumed ;" but reduce the image to canvas, paint horror fairly perched on his crest, and you make her either so small as to look like anything but horror, or so large as to dwindle the lemon into a mere dwarf. Costume was then pronounced a disgrace to heroism, and it was suggested that a bill should be brought in for the regulation of the dress of liege subjects in a manner suitable to the dignity of the country ; but, like other good intentions, these taylor reformatory castles in the air came to nothing. There has never been a poet who sang of war, nor a painter who painted war since, that produced a tolerable performance, because of these deficiencies in attire and the nearest approach to merit in the pictorial line has been in reference to Eastern conflicts, where the affluent Oriental costume compensated for the scald gauch sparseness of the Occidental. The better moiety of Bull has, however, decidedly improved on her worser half in this particular. Despite crinoline, the daughters of England are unquestionably preferable to their grand- mothers for though fashionable circles em . braced the hoop, the face, which ought to crown the whole edifice, was then (between short petticoats and tall bonnets), stuck just in the centre of the dress, like a clock on a steeple, and the waist was so plaited and puckered that, as a wag said, it could only be pointed out, like other suspected bodies, to the best of one's belief. When shall we see such a vestmentary genius as Tom Sheridan, who, in writing to Colonel Witham, excusing himself from dining with the Duke of Cumberland, said, " Between you and me, there's bag, buckles, and barber all in readiness, and I lack nothing to equip myself but coat, waistcoat, and breeches-can I come without ?" The colonel's reply is not recorded, but if he resembled his correspondent, it assuredly would be to the effect, " Come by all means." Reverting to political from corporeal capers- son, Sir Arthur Hallam Elton, the new member for Bath, furnishes a happy figure of the dissimilar identity of the late and present Cabinet trappings, in one of his characteristic pamphlets issued to-day, entitled " The Case against the late Ministry Plainly Stated," namely " Lord Palmerston's called itself Liberal, Lord Derby's called itself Conservative. But there is a strong family likeness between them. In Swift's Tale of a Tub, Jack and Peter, though beating each other like poison, and lodg- ing miles asunder, could not take a walk without coming in contact in unfrequented lanes, and round the corner of streets and the curious thing was that the public at large, mistaking Jack's rags for Peter's finery, could not tell them apart, particularly of a cloudy afternoon." This is something like sense. Pompey and Caesar very much alike, specially Pompey. The voice is the voice of Jacob, but the hands are the hands of Esau. Derby is the puppet, but Palmerston's the policy and so it was planned, the puppet of course having no more to do with the plan than the figure- head of a bark with the point the man at the helm is steering to. Nor does the direction of the steering necessarily involve clutching the rudder. The course may be shaped out of sight, and it is When like the enchanted craft, on nearing the magnetic rock, in the Arabian legend, the bolts and screws fly out, and the planks start, and the surge resounds upon the surf, then the antique necromancer will come up the companion ladder, and " wear ship" will be the word. But, in the wearing, what may happen to Britannia and the flag that's braved all the song says, why a committee of Lloyd's, with Admiral Hosier's ghost for chairman, would be perplexed to imagine. Probably Sir C. Napier's Cross had a correspondent, that " gallant seaman," Constantine, wouldn't be far out of his reckoning if he venture to guess. The really astonishing thing is the cool nimbleness wherewith the Tories, old, young, and middle-aged, go through the harlequinade of enacting point blank Palmerstonism while calling themselves Derbyites. If you now say to a gentleman of the Carlton, " Surely you are not going to burke the East India Company ?" he indignantly demands whether you think Derby is ass enough to relinquish such a Gangeatic cataract of patronage ? If you say it is a hard case that Yeh and the Cantonese should be treated as pirates for being patriots, as the " gentleman of Eastern descent" remarked so antithetically last May, the Conservative legislator is of opinion that the " scoundrels should be brought to their senses, and that Bowring is no such noodle after all. If you " hope there will be no truckling to France," the sage observes that why, aw, as for the matter of that, murder is a bad thing, peace a good one and adds that people who don't shave themselves, and who speak broken English, and dabble in combustibles not entered at the Custom-house, are better out of this country than in is the upshot of all being that principle means interest with our magnanimous ready reckoner of the territorial benches ; thorough British Bank Directors of the British Treasury, when they have the opportunity of making things pleasant, and the Central Criminal Court doesn't room in the immediate future. But the joke of all jokes transcending everything in Vivian Gray, Alroy, Young Duke, Miss Temple, and all the rest of it, is, that Disraeli not only appropriates Cornewall Lewis' finance, but also his private secretary and then gets the leading Liberal morning paper in London to announce, in large type to-day, that he has summoned a meeting of his followers to talk about a reform bill, and that a large number of Liberals are expected to attend ! People continue to wonder that Palmerston should have gone out. Why, putting aside all graver reasons, isn't the ecstacy of the absurdity of what has just been said sufficient ? Isn't it worth a lifetime, even such a lifetime as his, to walk up the salon of Cam- bridge house to-night, to see by whom it is crowded, and to know that they are the elite of this sagacious isle of ours, and that as such, and such only, he has ever made use of them ? Talk of the Roman augurs fearing to meet in the highway lest they should laugh in each other's faces through reciprocal knowledge of their mutual humbug. Fancy Tiverton and Bucks tete-a-tete at this culminating epoch of human stultification. Why, if they be mortal, which is questionable, the explosions of the Orsini bombs would be nothing to the persons sionary staffs of the pair at that sublimated im- becility, the British public, imagining itself to be enlightened and independent, and so forth, yet thus made sport of by the Battle Conjuror and his Bottle Holder [supremely judicious in this instance, like the veriest yokel in the country fair staring at Mr. Merryman swallowing flax and bringing it up in blue ribbons and garters. But is there no jealousy between the two ? Not an ace. Jealousy, says the Chancellor of the Exchequer, is called green-eyed because it is experienced by green-horns and nobody ever said Benjamin was that, nor the Viscount either. And where does the Caucasian make that pro- found remark ? In Popanilla, wherein may be found remarks applicable to almost every phase of human folly, and the author has exemplified not a few in his own person. Like his imperial friend and fellow adventurer, however, the wisdom lies in the end and as wisdom means success, why he can't exactly be considered a many who, in the face of most overwhelming disadvantages, natural and manufactured, start- ing in life with sixpence and owing half-a crown out of it, has raised himself to the level and the heirship of the foremost man in England [not less the first though no longer Premier and is now in a condition to affright the soul, meaning the pocket, of every respectable man in her Majesty's European dominions, by converting the late war-ninepence into the present peace-eighteenpence, as he very likely will, and high time too, for such a sin as giving him the chance of so doing. 