fIýCiceranteout. . KNICKERBOKER ON CRICKET. (From the Knickerboker Magazine.) "AND speaking of ' Doesticks,' here are some thoughts of his ' Upon seeing a Cricket Match,' which although now 'some three moons wasted' (having been during that time in type), will nevertheless, prove acceptable to our readers. But hush, it his 'Doesticks' who speaks: "I have heard a great deal about the manly sports of" Merry England,' and have always had a great respect for ox parts in the athletic games of the Bri tishls. Cricket has been specified as a gam' requiring the greatest possible qluickness of the eye, and activity of the limb, and I have heretofore looked upon it as a glorious sport, full of intense though innocuous excitement. In my lamb like innocence, I have always, until yesterday supposed 'cricket' to be a diversion, an amusement, a pastimline, and nothing but ocular demonstration could have convinced me of my great mistake. Two famous ' Elevens' were to play a match at Hoboken; crack men on both sides; heavy bets; sport ing world all prophoecying great things, resolved to go; did go; am disap pointed, and, I may say, disgusted. Cricket is not a game; it is a popular fhllacy to suppose it is; but it is a solemn ceremony performed with the greatest seriousness by deluded Englishmen, "wvho think they are having fum. Fun! A crickleter has no more appreciation of genuine fun than a dead jackass has of a fancy horn pipe. Grim are the cricketers, and do sponding, smiloless, dejected, forlorn, and bilious. The Pilgrim Fathers hold ing an out-door prayer meeting on a side-hill, in four feet of snow in the middle of February, were a gay set of jolly dogs compared to these rueful cricketing Englislunen, out for a day's pleasure. A New York murder trial, or a Kentucky Langing match would le a roaring farce by the side of t e sportive tragedy of these two crack '`Elevens.' The ghost of Iamlet's ith ther, and the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talking over their private matters at midnight, by the light of blue fire, would look quite gay and fes tive when likened to the Hloboken cricket ground with a match in pro gress. Cricket! well hereafter when I want a svnomquo for all that is in-4 tolerably dull and stupid, I shall say, Cricket. When I want to express a grand climax of spiritless dejection, I shall remark, Cricket. When I desire to say of some men against whom I have a mortal spite, that is a grim visaged, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, and flat, I shall simply call him a crick eter, and then I shall dodge. And if any man accuses me in a like manner, I shall take out a warrant for defamation of character, and sue him for maliciously damaging my reputation to a huge extent. I went to IHoboken with Damphool, whp, although an American, is a cricketer. He told me I would see great sport. Got to the ground, bestowed myself un der a tree, while Damphool went to the club-house to attire himself. Presently lie appeared again, dressed in white flannel from head to foot. He had a jockey cap on his head, and buskin slip pers on his feet. Just before the game commenced, lie tied a bed quilt on each leg, and put on some leather gloves. Then the people took their places, and the men who were not howling all took the same position, with their hands on their knees and their chins elevated at an angle of sorty-five degrees. Then the umpire cried out 'play', then the bowler, a disheartcned-looking man, took up the ball, which was as hard as a brick, and threw it with all his might ot the lugubrious individual with a two-handed pudding-stick in his grasp, who stood in front of some little sticks which were stuck in the ground like an unfinished lien-coop. There were two molancholy bowlers, two drooping batsmen, and two unfinished lien-coops. When the dejected man saw the ball coming he mado a poke at it with his pudding-stick, but lie didn't hit it; then lie sadly rested from his labours, while a number of doleful men on the other side wearily sought for the ball. Then the other bowler, with a sad countenance, threw the ball at the other gloomy batsman, who made an other dispirited poke at it with his pud ding-stick; this time lie hit it; then lie ran towards the other hen-coop, and the man at his end ran to his hen-coop. The marker put down one mark for his side; and they all-rested in desponding silence for five minutes, during which time everybody religiously kept mourn fully still. I expected to hear some one lead in prayer, or begin an exhorta tion, or commence reading the Burial Service, or some inspiriting thing of that kind; but no one voluntered any amusement, and pretty soon the down cast players resumed the mysteries of cricket. There was more throwing at the hen-coops, and pretty soon one was knocked down. Then the batsman, who ought to have stood before it and stopped the ball, with the bed-quilts on his legs, was declared to be 'out.' Then he retired discomforted, while the rest of his eleven set up a dismal groan. Then Damphoolwentin and tooklthe pud ding-stick. Then the grave man went in and threw the ball at Damphool. Damp hool poked at it manfully; then he ran for the other hen-coop. The bed-quilts on Damphool's legs interfered with his speed, and he didn't get along very fast; so the man pensively took the ball and lknocked down Damphool's lien-coop; then Damphool was 'out'. They persevered in this jocularity until sunset, at which time the funereal state of things came to an end. Then the eleven whose pudding-stick men had made the most journeys between the hen-coops were declared to be the win ners; then they untied bed-quilts fiom their legs, took off their flannels and went home. This is all there is in the game of cricket. It may be avery brisk amuse ment for some men, but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure ride in a hearse, or going to a dozen pedestrian fiunerals for a day's pleasure, as of par ticipating in the gloomy ceremonies of cricket for the same length of time." FRIGHITIIUL ExPIrosIoN.-A sad ac cident is related in the Madrid papers. The notable inhabitants of Olaveaga had assembled one evening, according to their custom, in a sort of club-house, to play at billiards and read the newspa pers. All at once a frightfill explosion took place, and the whole place and all the people in it were blown up. Twelve persons were hurt or burned more or less severely, and four were killed. It turned out that a quantity of gunpowder had been left in a room, and that one of the visitors had thrown on it the remains of a lighted cigar.-English Extracts. FnrIOITFUL AND FATAL OCCUR nENCE.--Tvwo young girls at Inter lachen lately accompanied their brothers and their music-master on an excursion to the steep hill of Harden. When they had to descend, finding the turf so slippery that they could not keep their feet, it was proposed that the girls should sit on a kind of extempore sledge, contrived with some fir branches, and be drawn along by their companions. Unfortunately they had gone but a few yards before they slipped off, and, clasped in cinch other s arms, rolldti down the precipice. When their hor rifled friends got down after them, the elder girl was dead, and her sister, who was but sixteen years of age, died a few minutes after. IIOuInLE MURDER AND SUICIDE. -A horrible tragedy has been perpe. trated in Drummond-street, Euston square. Two foreigners, a man and ai woman, recently took apartments at a coffee house in that street, and lived in a somewhat costly style. On the after noon ot Dec. 13, when they were about to go out, the landlord asked them to pay the amount of their bill. They walked up stairs and retired to their bedroom, as if to obtain the money for that purpose. Nothing, however, was seon, of them during the remainder of the day; and late in the evening the landlord became alarmed, and procured the assistance of tLe police. On break ing open the bedroom, they found its wretched occupants quite dead, with their throats frightfully cut. It appeared evident that the man had first murdered his companion, and then committed suicide himself. The police, on making a searcl, discovered that although they had run up a bill to the extent of several pounds, they were both almost penni less.-Hiome News. DOUBLE MIURDER AND SUICIDE. -An inquest is at present being carried on in a case of the most distressing character. For some years past, Mrs. Mary Smithers, a lady of some property, and her two sons, William and Charles, occupied a house in Thornton-heath, near Croydon, and the hhmily were re markable for the love and affection which seemed to subsist between them. William, the eldest son, has been a cloe?I in tile Bank of England, fiom which establishment lie received a salary of £00U per annum, and Charles has been engaged in the factory of an engineer at Deptford. Williamlhas been remark able for his steadiness and general deportment, until very recently, when a total change came over him, and he has been known to drink brandy to excess. This clhange had been occa sioned by his becoming a speculator on " Change" land by the ill-luck which attended his speculations. It appears that the mother and brothers, went to bed as usual on the 9th of December, and on tile following morning the servant having waited some time beyond the usual period at which the family came to breakfast, went to the bedroom of Charles, and listened for a moment or so, but hearing no noise, sile pushed the door open, and the first thing which caught her view, was the face of her young master, with a dark froth about the mouth and nostrils. The sight so alarmed herthat she retur ned fronm the room, nId at once ranto the house next door for assistance. Re tlirning with a neighbour, they entered tihe bedroom, where they found both the brothers, perfectly lifeless, and a phial and a wine glass on the foot of the bed. The servant summoned resolution, and proceeded to her mistress's bedroom on tilhe same floor, and on entering it she found the unfortunate lady also quite dead. She lay on the bed with her head resting on her right land, and the bed perfectly unruflled. It seems that Mrs. Smithers had been ailing for some days, and that her son William had been in the habit of giving her the medicine prescribed for her illness, and by this means had been enabled to give her the fatal dose, which must in a moment have terminated her existence. It isthe opinion of those who have seen him that the fatal drug must have been ponred into the mouth of the youth Charles while he lay on his back. It is also believed that the quantity of prussic acid taken by the unfortunate murderer himself was so great that his death was immediate. EXECUTION AT CONSTANTINOPLE. Some days ago two Croats, convicted of having murdered a Turkish woman, were executed at Constantinople. One of them was hung up near the lower Bridge, the great artery of communican tion ietween Stamboul and Gallata, and the other near the Adrianople gate, close to the place where the murder had been committed. An occurrence of this na turo is seldom witnessed in Constanti nople, for, as in many other things, the Turks have likewise, from extreme se verity to criminals, fallen into blameable leniency towards them. There are num bers of men in the Arsenal who have committed several murders, which would have been punished with death any where else. The Arsenal, or the Kas sim Pacha's prison, is certainly no very enviable place, but as criminals have re peatedly escaped thence, it has not the deterring effect of capital punishment, and until lately the profession of a Bri gand was a very flourishing one. It had assulmed such proportions in tile provinces that the mistaken notions of humanity had to be given up and exe cutions resumed in spite of the aversion of the Sultan to sign death warrants. In some of the provinces it was oven found necessary to introduce a kind of martial law, and to confer upon thile Go vernor-General thle power of lifo and dleathl. Suchl was the case in Thlessaly, and Lower Albania, Smyrna and other pilaces. In thile capital, howevelr, thile sys tem of over leniency is almnost invariably the r'le.. UTAr.--Military officers are of opi nion that Brigham Young designs escaping to Sonora in the spring, lnder a compact with Mexico, to defend that proviae against the fillibusters and In dians. I think this an error, and that they propose emnigrating to British or Russian Amnerica. FEIALES FOR ThnE W~YsT.-Exten sive arrangemenllts are maturing for sending a large nulmber of destitute fe males to thie west, whlere no difliculllty is exlerienced in obtainingwork. "Tlhe WVomen's Protective Association" are actively ongagedl in the good work, and the public should liberally second their efforts. At a meeting held at Clinton Hall, on Friday night, MIr. Pease stated the startling fact, that thiere are between 85,000 and 40,000 women living by prostitution in New York \--N-ass Yolcrk Sunday Tiers. LIVING BEYOND TIHE MEANS. - Cobbett once affirmed that lie could find an able- bodied man who would :ompetently transact all the business of a prime minister for five hundred a year. Prime Ministers do not agree with Cobbett. When Lord John Rus sell was Prime Minister, he was exa nined before the Committee on Official Salaries, and stated that lie never was in debt before he attained the highest oolitical position in the realm. "4 am paying it oil now," lie added: but com ~lained of being obliged to receive am 'bassadors with splendour, having tall servants lolling in the hall, and other appurtenances, undoubtedly costly, and supposed to be dignified. Lord John Russell was troubled by the social diffi culty of keeping up appearances. We are all doing the same: and we, who are veteran and well established, are sounselling young people not to marry. Not because they could not live com fortably if married, but that their in come will pay for no appearances. As to young men who inhabit the colder edge of the temperate zone of the social sphere-with small salaries and slender prospects-we have always held that marriage is economy: but the curse of appearance confronts us. It is all very well for a bachelor to have quietly fur i:ished rooms so long as his coat is un exceptionable; but an establishment must be an establishment, and lie must not risk the happiness of another. Be sides, the parents of' another' have an ?ye to the dullness of the times, and it is not convenient at this particular mo .nent to ' go in' for a grand wedding. Now, holding special viesws on that sub ject, we must allow the possibility of 'cing wrong; but why should Laura, ,vho is about to inhabit a tenement at forty pounds a-year, be charioted to the altar at the tail of a train of friends, the cost of whose equipages, for one day only, would redeem George Frederickc fiom two years of taxation ? Why should the bridal table glow supercili ously with borrowed plate, when her domestic table is to display none but unpresuming crockery? Why should Dives be feasted at the table of Laza rus? The Rajpoots were accustomed to kill their daughters to avoid the ruin eus expenditure of marriage festivals; it was easier to nmurder babies than to mitigate the extravagance. And we have no right to cavil at the Rajpoots if they have one way and we have an other. Costly weddings, then, among leople of moderate means, are immoral farces, but the contagion of expensive habits spreads further. Everything now must be costly, and we cannot help saying that Great Exhibitions have given an impetus to the love of super fluity. You cut and carve, you line and lace, you dye and bedeck, you in sist on doing 'the thing;' and if you cannot do it, we warn you not to marry. W\V might as easily find Cobbett's prime minister as two plighted hearts, n a respectable sphere, that are willing _o wear the golden liink irrespective of upholstery considerations. The fact seems to be, that most persons have what are called grand friends, and they must have houses at which these grand friends can call. There is a youthfiul beauty, but one .summer since made a bride, who stints her own and her ser vant's table, and sacrifices all daily comfort, simply that she may hot be ashamed of her curtains when Lady Mary calls. But it is only through an accident that she is married at all. The betrothal took place years ago, but something turned up last spring which allowed of a furnishing speculation, and the two dewdrops melted into one on the strength of an arabesque floor cloth, Brussels carpet, and cut-glass decanters. Yet, to keep up the arab esque floorcloth and cut-glass decanter' system, it is necessary to keep down the necessaries of life supplies, and my heart's own dwells with my only love, doing things well, but intensely pinched and uncomfortable. And all resulting from the passion that makes Robsons and Redpaths-the worship of wealth, the craving for display. "He wanted more money poor people for to give," said the sympathetic ballad of the Seven Dials concerning the dealer in transfers, late of Chester-terrace, now of New gate, and soon, probably, of Bermuda; but he only drank while others thirsted. It is for damask and ormolu, for velvet pile and brocade, for buhl and marque terie, that society hungers, and intellect commits suicide in quest of these illu sions. Yet why talk in this common place manner? We have the question to answer-Is it right and wises to marry when young ?-and on that point per:haps we had better say nothing. A letter from Samsoun, in the Press d' Ortent,' says that Osman Pacha, the governor had succeeded in ridding the country of a famous brigand named Laz Billal, who had long infested the neigh bourhood. Several of his band, con sisted of deserters and the offscourings of the gaols, had from time to time been captured by the Zaptis, but the leaper had always contrived to escape. Lately, information was received that the bandit and his followers were encamped at Cara Batcae, a village inhabited by a tribe Souvaste, who, though professing to be Mahomotans, are considered as heretics by the Turks. A small body of Zaptis succeeded in surprising the brigands; a brisk firing ensued on both sides and and two Zaptis were wounded. The commander of the latter, finding it im possible to take Laz Billal alive without exposing his force to great loss, ordered the men to fire upon him, and he fell dead, riddled witl balls. Some of the band were arristed, but most of them got off to a neighbouring wood and es caped. They have gone, it is believed, to Tas-Ava, were they will join Chrlim Aga, another brigand chief, who, in spite of all the force at the disposal of Mehmid, Pacha of Sivas, continued to be the terror of that country. 