IMPOUNDINGS. At CARCOAR, on the 22nd of November, 1858, from the run of William Lawson Esq. ; trespass and driving 5s. 6d. each :— Chesnut mare, T over MC near shoulder, like MNS off shoulder, aged, 14 hands high. Dark bay mare, like S sideways over 6 near shoulder 14½ hands high ; foal at foot, un- branded. 6 Black mare, H with 00 over and 3 under near shoulder ; foal at foot, unbranded. Bay entire, blaze, B near shoulder, near hind foot white, 5 or 6 years old, 14 hands high ; damages £5 5s. 6d. Also, on the 23rd of November, by Mr. James Smith, of Fitsgerald's Swamp : — Iron grey horse, MS near shoulder, aged 15 hands high; damages £1 Dapple grey horse, S near neck, like S over L near shoulder, S near thigh, like JB off shoulder, aged 15 hands high; damages £1. Also, on the 26th November; trespass and driving 10s. 6d. each :— Bay horse, hollow back, EN near shoulder, aged, 14. hands high. Bay filly, like Tj over J near shoulder, C off shoulder, 2 years old. Bay pony mare, JD conjoined near shoulder, aged, 11 hands high. If not released on or before the 22nd Decem- ber, will be sold. 10s. 3d. R. Bunting, Poundkeeper. At Carcoar. on the 23rd day of November, 1853\. from Fitsgerald's Swamp, by Mr. James Smith ; trespass and driving 5s. 6d. each :— Yellow cow, FORD off ribs. Red and white spotted cow, AF off rump, FORD off ribs. - Red and white calf, same brand. Red and white steer, JF off rump, FORD off ribs. Red and white calf, same brand. Red and white calf, JF off rump and thigh, FORD off ribs. Red and white spotted calf, JF off rump. Red heifer, HR conjoined near and off rumps. Red heifer, white face, same brand. Red and white heifer, same brand. Red and white heifer, HR conjoined over J near rump, HR conjoined off rump. Red steer, white belly; HR conjoined both rumps. Red and white heifer, same brand. White heifer, same brand. Red steer, same brand. Red heifer, white face, same brand. Red and white heifor, same brand. Black poley heifer, same brand. Red poley heifer, white face, same brand. Red steer, white face, same brand. Red and white heifer, same brand. Red heifer, same brand. . Red and white heifer, same brand. Notice sent to supposed owners. If not released on or before 22nd December, they will be sold. 10s. 9d. B. BUNTING, Poundkeeper. AT CANOWINDRA, on the 26th November, 1858, from Tilga, the run of J. S. Rodd, . Esquire;j damages 5s. 6d. per head : — Roan mare, star, black points, JK off shoulder, 5 or 6 years old, 14 hands high; foal at foot unbranded. Bay colt, star, hind feet white, JO over I? near shoulder, 3 years old, 14 hands high. If not released before the 23rd December, will be sold. Also, -from Toogong, on the 29th November, by J. S. Campbell, Esquire ; damages 5s. 6d. :— Brindle cow, small horns, J P off, rump, near ear marked White bullock, with brindie spots and NA off rump, ear marked . Red and white steer, over like LH (the L reversed) near rump and ribs, top off near ear. White bullock, with rod spots, JI over A off ribs ears marked. White poley cow, red spots, WH off rump, TR near rump, C near ribs, off ear marked. White cow, blue speckles, MW off ribs and neck, top off both ears. Brindle calf, illegible brand near rump, top off near ear, of oar slit. Brown heifer, JC near rump, illegible brand near ribs. Brindle cow like OP over 22 near rump. White bull. JO of rump, Q off ribs, ^ over C oft shoulder. Red sow, DY over 2 off rump, two slits near ear. Strawberry heifer, SQ near rump, Q near ribs, near ear marked. White cow, PB with WO over and WO under off rump, PB off ribs. Red and white bullock, JK near ribs, ears marked. Strawberry poley steer, J inside diamond brand off rump and ribs, off ear marked. White, strawberry heifer, illegible brand near rump, top off near ear off ear slit. White strawberry cow, like HB near rump. If not released before the 27th December, will, be sold. Also, from Moogong, on the 2nd December, by Joseph Clements ; damages 6s. 6d. Bay mare, dock tail, black paints, S over M near shoulder, S near cheek, 5 or 6 years old, 15 hands high ; a filly foal at foot unbranded. Chesnut entire, star, no visible brand, 3 years old, 14 hands high ; £5. If hot released before the 29th December, will be sold. Also, on the 20th November : — Bay mare, J inside heart brand off shoulder ; re-advertised. If not released before the 23rd December, will be sold. W. FLETCHER, Pouudkeeper. At MUDGEE, on the 22nd day of November, 1858, from Mowtheroe, the Estate of Wm. Bowman, Esq., J. P. ; damages 10s. 6d. each : — Strawberry cow; brown ears, top of near horn off, B over AH conjoined on shoulder off side, B on hip near side, A.H on thigh near side. Brown cow, near ear marked, EB off hip, 26 off thigh. Red and white female calf, about 2 months old, unbranded. Red strawberry cow, off ear marked, JHN con- joined off hip and ribs Yellow, and white bullock, fork brand on ribs and back near side, BA on ribs off side, B on cheek off side. Brown bullook, near ear split, 5 and fork brand on ribs near side, JH conjoined on hip near side, 5 on thigh near side. Red male calf or steer, GC on hip offside, C on thigh offside, GC on shoulder off side. White nobby bullock, top of near ear cut off, off ear marked, brown muzzle, R (writing capital) on hip off side 8 on shoulder off side. Strawberry male calf, not cut; no visible brand, about 5 months old. Red cow, off horn recently broke off, 8-3 ribs near side, L on hip near side, top off ear cut off White steer, A L on hip off side, 9 on shoulder off side. Poley strawberry cow, LS on hip hear side. Red and white steer, WH on hip off side. Yellow and white bullock, a 011 shoulder near side, WH on hip near side, old wound on neck near side, O over — conjoined, above ribs on back offside. Red and white steer, ? on hip near side, like ''* with a illegible brand oh hip off side Brown strawberry cow, off ear marked, JHN conjoined on hip and ribs off side. Also, by Mr. Jupp ; damages 2s. 6d. Black steer, broad star, white belly, tall, brisket, and feet, about two years, old, MR conjoined on hip near side, If not released, will be sold on the 16th of December, 1858. 14s. J. Walsh, Poundkeeper. Magistrates' Meeting, for the Transfer and granting of Publicans' Licenses for the Bathurst District, held on Tuesday, the 7th December, 1858, Present :— Dr. Palmer, P.M., Major Bowler, T. J. Hawkins, J. West, Jun., J. Suttor, T. Lee, J. J. Ashe, J. McPhillamy, C. MoPhillamy, C. Whalan, and W. B. Rankin, Esqs., J.Ps. Robert Gray to Thomas Ryan, Kelso, granted ; Simon Bulger to Catherine Smith, Stewart-street, granted ; Catherine Smith to Patrick Tonor, William and Piper Streets, granted; Ambrose Radburn to John Newell, Black Horse Square, near George's Plains, granted ; W. H. Fishburne to John Pierce Goode, Piper- street, granted ; Charles Allen to John Kerin, - Keppel-street, granted. New applications :— James Doust, Bullock Flat, Fish River Creek, granted; Robert Dunsmore, Rocket street, granted ; Patrick Grady, Brisbane Valley, refused, Confectioners' Licenses— Job Evan's, Russell-street, granted ; Charles G. Scott, Green Swamp, Sydney Road, granted. Horse-stealing. — The crime of horsesteal- ing appears to be considerably on the increase just now. A few evenings ago eight horses were stolen off the flat between the Vale Creek and the river, and nearly an equal number have been taken from the Mount Pleasant Estate. Re- ports have also reached us from other quarters of a similar character, tending to show that the law is unequal to the suppression of this species of crime A few evenings ago, a valuable horse belonging to Mr. Lupton, late of the firm of Lupton and Elliott, for which that gentleman had refused £100, was taken with several others from. M'Grath's paddock and has not since been seen or heard of. This latter animal possesses rather an eventful history, having already been the subject of one prosecution which terminated in the conviction of the thief, and having more- over cost the owner, with incidental and other expenses somewhere about £300. Can nothing be done to check this monster evil by the owners of stock themselves? Associations have been formed with this object elsewhere. Why not here ? Church of England Conference. — This assembly ended its sittings on Tuesday last, the Bishop of Sydney having previously ad- dressed the members on the results of the Conference in a tone of unfeigned satisfaction and thankfulness. It has been decided that the Bishop, or his appointed commissary, shall preside as President, and, moreover, that the Bishop, as constituting a separate order in the Church, shall be entitled to a veto. In relation to the protest of the Rev. Dr. Woolley, it having been ruled that all licensed clergymen shall be members of future Synods, the Bishop invited that rev. gentleman to take a seat in the Conference, an offer which he has accepted, merely regarding it as an expression of his Lordship's personal courtesy. It does not, however, appear that Dr. Woolley has ever actually appeared at the Conference. Only male seat holders will have power to vote for members of the future Synod, and it has also been decided that every parish, or congregation, assembling to tho number of 30, shall bo enabled to send two lay representatives to the Synod, who shall be communicants of the Church of England. The institution of ecclesiastical tri- bunals for the trial of clerical delinquents was also decided upon. A petition against the draft Bill, which certainly aims at making the Anglican clergy a mere state establishment, was presented by a number of the laity, praying that merely an enabling Bill be passed ; this proposal was negatived. Exchange Stock Yards.— On Tuesday last, Messrs. R. and W. Oakes report having sold by public auction, at the Exchange Yards, 26 head of horses and 9 head of cattle at satisfactory prices. The unbroken horses realized from £14 to £3 15s. and working horses from £25. There is still a demand for really useful horses, either brokcn or unbroken and fair prices are always had. Good useful colts are in great demand, and an improvement in rates is observable. We sold several drays at from £14 to £7.5s. , young bul- locks sold at £4 12s. 6d., £4. and £4 2s. 6d. R. and W. Oakes. FARMING IN NEW SOUTH WALES. — Perhaps at no lime has the want of proper acoommodation and convinience been more felt by the settler than it has been during the last week, when heavy rains had put a stop to all harvesting operations. The sheaves of wheat had to be left exposed to the weather, and were thus in a fair way to become injured. The absence of barns or sheds, which is a noticeable feature in this colony, prevents sellers from taking those necessary precautions which in the mother country every good farmer naturally and wisely adopts. It would be well indeed if landlords were to give more of their time and attention, and a little of their capital, in endeavouring to improve the system of farming in this colony. If, instead of the large quantity of land, wild and yet of extraordinary capabilities, held by the settler, each one would take only what he could manage and cultivate, as it ought to be cultivated, the amount of grain and produce would be almost quadrupled annually. And the landlords also would give a higher status to agriculture if, like their brethren in England, they would put up snug homesteads and all the necessary buildings pertaining to a farm house. Then would a class of yeomanry exist in this colony similar in character and respectability to the one, which has for centuries been the pride and boast of the British Empire These remarks have been suggested solely by witness- ing constantly the free-and-easy, loose, and care- less style of farming practised by the settlers throughout the colony. There are some, indeed, who do bestow more attention and labour in pursuing their avocations, and they meet with a due reward in increased profits, and increasing prosperity. The majority, however, take only to farming when carrying on the road is no longer a profitable undertaking. Surely some change, and a great one, is needed. — Maitlaind Mercury. FROST. — We have received information that a very severe frost was experienced at the Lime- kilns yesterday morning, which did very con- siderable damage to the crops, destroying the potatoes, pumpkins and melons almost entirely. We have not been able to learn whether the wheat has also suffered by this unseasonable visitation. Insolvency Court, Wednesday. — In the estate of Bernard F. Hughes, a third meeting. Two debts were proved. The official assignee read his report, from which it appeared that the liabilities of the estate amounted to £2526 16s., and the value, of the assets is estimated at £4677 8s. 5d. The assignee was directed to call a meeting at Bathurst for the purpose of taking evidence in reference to an illegal seizure of insolvent's stock-in-trade at Molong, for an alleged breach of the Publicans' Act, and for taking directions as to the management of the estate. CAPTURE AND RECAPTURE. — On Wednesday last, Captain Battye, having received informa- tion of the loss of several valuable horses from the neighbourhood of Batliurst, and having some clue to their probable whereabouts, ac- companied by his son, Mr. Montague Battye, went to the Fish River, where they soon un- kennelled the supposed delinquent, a youth named Charles Tell, about 17 years old. Here, however, the gallant Captain's horse fell ill, and while the party were employed in tending him, their prisonor escaped from the back of the houeo and hid himself in an adjacent oat paddock, where the crops were very high. Im- mediately on learning his escape Mr. M. Battye, accompanied by the lock-up keeper at the Frying Pan, made for the oat paddock, where he soon espied a cabbage-tree hat, showing itself above the crop, and as instantly recog- nised its proprietor, who instantly bolted, fol- lowed by Mr. M. Battye, who even- tually came up with him, and captured him. He was then brought back to the house, where on Captain Battye's return in the evening, he was delivered over to his custody. Appointment. — Mr. Frederick James Naylor, clerk of Petty Sessions at Bathurst, has been appointed Gold Receiver at the same place. THE APHIS. — In a late number of the Leeds Mercury (Sept. 9) we find, in a letter from a naturalist, referring to the ravages of a grub among turnip crops, the following information, relative to the aphis and its insect enemies. Many of our readers will watch with great in- terest the operation of the destroyers of the aphides, if they can observe them on their crops or garden plants: — "Another great enemy to the turnip and cabbage tribe is now prevailing in many places, and doing serious mischief, viz., the mealy plant louse (Aphis brassica). It may, however, be encouraging to know that the larva of the " syrphidæ" family is already at war with it, and I have no doubt will shortly free every plant infested by this pest. This larva is very soft and maggot-like, of a faint buff or straw colour, and slightly variegated ; its head and hind parts are acute, and its whole form not unlike, that of a leech in miniature. It lies on the leaf amongst its prey, so flat and motionless, that it may easily be overlooked. The parent or perfect insect of some of this family is generally somewhat smaller than the house fly ; the body is a light yellow, with annular bands of black or brown ; but it will be best known by observing its movements. It may be seen on hot days steadily hovering for a few minutes over a plant or flower, and to all appearance motion- less, then darting rapidly and horizontally right and left, occasionally alighting for a few seconds upon some plant or flower, no doubt for the purpose of selecting a proper place to establish its progeny, amongst some species of aphis, where, on quitting the eggs, they may at once commence feeding, and when, as they increase in strength, their ravages are truly astonishing. I watched the movements of one the other day, which despatched five or six aphides in as many minutes. Thus has Providonce, in its infinite wisdom, ordained that insects, as well as , larger animals, should pray upon, and so keep each other in sub- jection. In conclusion, it may be useful to remark, that the rook, starling, sparrow, thrush, lark, spink, white-throat; blue cap, fly catcher, and many other birds, are always on the watch for the various grubs, beetles, caterpillars, moths, &c.; ; while the larva of the syrphidæ family, and the larva of the lady bird (cocci- nella), kept in subjection the numerous species of aphis, or plant louse. I am, gentlemen, your obedient servant, Joshua Major. Knosthorpe, near Leeds, September 1st." The Braidwood Despatch states that a person, residing in the district, has found that the planting of lettuces between the rows of cabbages, and dipping the stalks of the young cabbages in soot before they are planted, prevents the aphis from at- tacking the cabbages. The lettuces are, of course, sacrificed to protect the cabbages. The Latest Novelty. — It is not to be found in the passenger list, the manifest, or the ship's books of any vessel that has entered this port during tho last twelve-month. It is not mentioned in the Customs Bill of Entry, nor is it referred to in Murray's Prices Current. No merchant has imported it, nor has any trades- man indented it. Yet it must have come over sea, and must, therefore, have introduced itself surreptitiously, after the most contraband fashion ; for it is not indigenous to the soil, nor "native and to the manner born." It belongs to old English country houses, and continental chateaux, where there are sliding panels, secret passages, mouldering arras, winking pictures, long-resounding corridors, and all that sort of thing. How can a ghost be otherwise than woefully out of place in our modern, diminutive, gim-crack colonial dwellings ? Yet the house hold of an architect at St. Kilda has been thrown into consternation, and utmost served with a notice to quit, by a real old- fashioned orthodox ghost, not visible, but very audible. The most perplexing part of the story is, that the spectral visitor at St. Kilda makes his, her, or its appearance, like the shadows of Jacob Marley, and the King of Denmark, "in the dead waste and middle of the night." Now, according to that law of contradieties, by the operation of which Australian lobsters are white, and do not change color when boiled, swans are blaok, and circumstances which would be abnormal in the other hemisphere are strictly selon les reyles hare ; accordig to this law, I opinethat ghosts in Victoria should "walk up and down thetreets a noon day," like the hu- man salamander spoken of by Cusea ; whereas the St. Kilda ghost goes scuttling up and down the stairs, making a terrible rustling with it's ghastly garments, and a horrible creaking with its impalpable feet, at midnight ; and one terror stricken domestic has felt the icy touch of its cold hand upon her warm cheek, congealing her young blood and sending a thrill of terror through her frame. Each of three servants has left the house in succession, expelled, by this night-walking ghost ; and the spectre is the talk of the neighbourhood. Now, I think the ap- pearance of the first spectre in Victoria is an event worth chronicling; because it opens up a wide vista of romantic incidents, and may in- spire some future Walpole, Schiller, or Mrs. Radcliffe to write a good ghostly romance, for the delectation of the imaginative and the cr- dulous.— Correspondent of the Geelong Daily News. ORIENTAL KNIGHT ERRANTRY. — Jung Baha- door, the Prince of Nepaul, is expected in England early in the spring, on a visit to the English Court. The Prince, who, it will be remembered, was lately created a C.B., is mar- ried to the eldest daughter of the Rajah of Coorg, now resident in this country. The Rajah's second daughter, the Princess Gauromma, is being educated under the auipices of her Most Gracious Majesty, and placed by her with Mrs. Drummond, at Kew, for that purpose We have heard rather a romantic story connected with the reason of Jung Bahadoor assisting the English with his brave band of Ghoorkas, but it is from such an excellent source that we place all reliance in it. It is to the effect that, during the stay of the Nepaulene Prince in this country, he became deeply smitten with a lady of great rank and beauty, and offered her mar- riage. Birth and creed alike forbade the union with the noble Asiatic, but, ere he acquitted the shores of England, he prayed the acceptance of a small token of his esteem, a beautiful Oriental ring, which the lady, with much reluctance, accepted. It was accompanied by the singular promise that, if ever she had a command to make, a wish to be carried out, the return of the talismanic ring to his Highness would in- sure its due performance. As the story goes, the lady, high in rank, returned the jewel, with a wish that Jung Bahadoor should revenge the foul and horrid slaughter of her country women at Cawnpore. How the Prince has fulfilled his promise every Englishman knows, and will testify their admiration of his noble daring when he reaches England. The lady in question is understood to be the Lady Clementina Villiers, daughter of the Earl and Countess of Jersey. — Court Journal. KIND-HEARTED ACT OF AN OFFICER OF THE 11 TH. — " An eyewitness," in a Kentish paper, mentions an incident which occurred last Sep- tember, as the 11th Regiment was marching out of Dover, en route for Shorncliffe. A poor fellow in the rear-guard, probably just conva- lescent, found great difficulty in carrying his knapsack, and it was evident that he could not reach Shorncliffe, strapped, buckled, and en- cumbered as he was. The officer in command of the party thereupon called a halt, and ordered that the man should be relieved of his knapsack, and having ascertained from him that he thought himsolf able to march without it, the officer ordered the knapsack to be fastened to his own back. With the assistance of the nearest trooper, the burden was adjusted in this position, and the litlle band then moved on. A Royal Cadet. — His Royal Highness Prince Alfred has for some months been stay- ing with his tutor, J. C. Cowell, R.E , at Alver- bank (the residence of the late Right Hon. J. W. Croker), near Gosport, pursuing the pre- paratory studies for the naval Service under the instruction of the Rev. W. R. Solly. His Royal Highness underwent a special examina- tion before the Rev. Thomas Main, Professor at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth, in the presence of Admiral Sir George Seymour, K.C. B., Rear-Admiral the Hon. George Grey, and Captain R. S. Hewlett, of her Majesty's ship Excellent. Captain- Superintendent of the Royal Naval College The examination lasted during Friday, Saturday, Monday, and the morning of Tuesday last, and comprised the subjects of arithmetic, algebra, plane trigo- nometry, Euclid, sacred history, and history of England, Geography, Latin, French, German, and English dictation. His Royal Highness having been declared to have passed satisfac- torily in all these several Branches, has been appointed a naval cadet, and joined her Majesty's ship Euryalus, Captain J. W. Tarleton, C.B., on Tuesday afternoon, the 31st ult. After a leave of absence for two months, his Royal Highness will rejoin the frigate for permanent service, and will mess and live with the midshipmen on board. Her Majesty has been pleased to appoint Lieutenant Cowell, R.E., Governor to the Princo, who will ac- company him on his voyage. — Times. THE DEATH OF A CHILD.— " August 19.— Dear little Herbert D. died at half-past 3 this morning. Yesterday he seemed so much better that Mrs. D. was quite happy about him ; but fever came on in the night, and we were alarmed at the way he gasped for breath. Mrs. Boileau happened to wake, and heard him first. Directly she looked at him she saw he was dying, and woke his mother and me. I called up Dr. Partridge, who ordered a warm bath, and we sent the ' dye' down to prepare some water, but before she came up with it the little spirit had fled. One could not grieve; he looked so sweet and happy ; the painful look of suffering quite gone, and a lovely smile on his dear little baby face. We closed his pretty blue eyes, and crossed his little hands over his breast, and there he lay by his mother's side till daylight, then she washed the little body herself, and put on him a white nightgown and tied a lace hand- kerchief round his face, as she had no caps. Charlie D came over to see her, and we left her quiet with him and the dead baby till 11, when I was obliged to go in and ask her to part with it. She let me take it away, and I sewed the little sweet one up myself in a clean white cloth, and James carried it over to the hospital to wait then for the evening burials." — Diary of the Siege of Lucknow, by a Lady. NEGRO HOUNDS — There is no need for instant hurry in these cases ; the noses of the blood- hounds are sure not to lose scent of the track before the setting in of the night dew ; the huntsmen sat down, therefore, to breakfast, and made good cheer in the hospitable mansion of their host, whose table was in excellent repute. After breakfast, however, they put on their large sombreros, and mounting their thorough-breds, declared themselves quite ready for the sport. The dogs were taken out, and the negro- hunt was to begin in earnest. The runaway slave himself had taken care not to leave anything behind him. A wooden cup, in which he used to receive his rations, and from which he ate and drank, was in charge of the overseer, and that was all that could be made serviceable for the occasion. But the wife had hidden some linens rather carelessly, and those the over- seer had found. Some drink was given to the dog's in the wooden bowl, and the linen was put to their noses, There were only two of them; but two are enough to settle a negro, even of the size of the escaped Juano. Terrible animals they are— large, strong-built, yellow-haired, double-nosed, thorough-bred, and of that genuine Spanish race, trained up carefully to the pur- pose — blood hounds. No need whatever for urging them on, for they were animated and impatient enough already ; and, directly they had got a scent, with eager yelps, they bounded along, with their noses close to the ground, and their tails upright in the air. They were fol- lowed by the brisk glances of the stately cabal- leros, who began already to testify excitement, for this part of the chase is considered by some amateurs to be by no means the least interest- ing. The dogs made straight, for the negro huts, and the poor blacks— male and female— whom they chanced to meet, took hasty care to get out of the way. A few minutes afterwards, they were seen darting towards the southern corner of a fence which enclosed the slave cot- tages; then they turned round again, and went buck to the huts, their tails fanning the air all the time, and their delicate and dreadful noses almost rubbing on the ground. One might read in the eyes of these proud and haughty cabel- leros that the decisive moment was near at hand. A savage yelping of the dogs gave notice that it had arrived indeed. The greedy animals turned again, and making once more for the fence wilh full sped, they broke it without hesi- tation. — Household Words ? HOUSE FLIES: A SANITARY HINT— These troublesome summer visitors are not without their use, for they serve to indicate certain im- pure conditions which require care; it may be, that they also have the effect, to some extent, of purifying the atmosphere. Where flies abound, it shows to a certainty that there is something which should be removed When visiting the dwellings of the poor, great difference in the number of flies in some rooms in comparison with others may be noticed, and it will be found that those apartments, which are most diry and neglected, have the greater number of flies. At this season of the year, all dust and refuse should be kept carefully covered and closed both for the purpose of preventing an escape of effluvia, and preventing the mixture of moisture, which causes fermentation. In houses of the better kind, if flies are troublesome, a care fill inspection of the neigborhood would show some offensive refuse of stables and cow-sheds close by; and in cases where this cannot be obviated, extra care should be taken to wash all areas and use extra- ordinary cleanliness ; it would not be amiss if these who have charge of children were to descend to the lower regions for the purpose of sanitary inspection. Instead of catching flies, remove the cause of their presence. — The Builder. 