BEECHWORTH. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT The ground I spoke of in my last as having been opened up in Slaughter Yard Gully has turned out a regular 'duffer,' A number of holes were bottomed, but in no case was gold found in payable quantities all the men of the Prospecting Staff resumed their employment. They are now engaged on some new ground, which promises to turn out something. YACHANDANDAH. — A company is projected for bringing a constant supply of water to those diggings. I am not sure of the data which the projectors go upon, but if they can bring the quantity of water spoken of on to Yachandandah for the sum of £3000, or. any thing near that sum, they will confer a very great benefit upon that locality. THE PROPOSED OVENS GOLD FIELDS WATER COM- PANY. — This company seems likely to yield up the ghost, whether from Government opposition or the carelessness of the provisional committee, cannot yet be known. I trust, if there be any intention to go on with the undertaking, something will be done soon, as more good will result to the district from such a scheme, properly carried out, than from the great Indigo rush itself. INDIGO. — From this place there is nothing new to record. People still continue to arrive. No fresh leads have as yet been found. I trust those on old diggings, where they are doing any thing at all, will not think of coming to the Indigo till some fresh ground is struck. There are more people there now than could work out the pre- sent lead to the banks of the Murray. It is very easy to crack up a place, and gather a crowd of people; but except they are able to earn a subsistence it is a piece of the most heartless folly to persist in glossing over the truth. Gold is beginning to sell rather more freely. A few parties are washing up. All those on the lead are making at least good wages. Crime is on the increase on the Indigo, There is now a camp with the usual appendages ; but either the police are too few or they are very careless. A number of places have been entered on the same night. The depredators have as yet made no very valuable finds, but from the number of "Bill Sykes"-looking countenances to be seen I think a few of the smartest of your Melbourne detectives might find some "old familiar faces" among us, and I also think such a recognition would benefit the public greatly. THE POLICE SUPERINTENDENT. — Mr Booky, the gentleman who succeeds Mr Bourke in the command of the police of the district, arrived in Beechworth two days ago. Perhaps the best welcome that can be given him to wish that he may leave as good a reputation as his predecessor. A numerously signed memorial was presented to Mr Bourke, requesting him to remain in the district. He has, however, been unable to comply. TWO GREAT FIRES. — Beechworth appears likely to have its share of fires this summer. On Friday evening last the store of Mr Chalmers, hay and corn merchant, was found to be in flames. In a short time, the adjoining building also caught fire. Both were completely destroyed. Mr Chalmers was in sured to the extent of £2500, His loss above that amount is estimated at from £1500 to £1800. The other building was not insured. The owners of it are Messrs M'Kay, Miller, and M'Kay. On Saturday, the alarm was again raised. This time it was found to be the building lately used as the Town Hall, and which had been shifted to the bottom of the Municipal reserve, and was to have been used as a house for the fire engine, &c.; In a few minutes it one mass of flames. Burton's Circus on the one side, and the Athenæum Hall on the other, were for a short time in great danger — happily both escaped. These events have cast a terror on the owners of property in the town.. One good result likely to arise from them is the infusion of more life into the fire brigade, which has been all but defunct lately, through the sheer apathy and carelessness of the members. A large meeting was held at the Athenæum Hall to-night, when a number of new members were enrolled, and steps taken to procure, if possible, a second engine. THE LEAD ON THE INDIGO. — In your mining in- telligence of last Saturday, there are several errors about the Indigo, which I am anxious to correct ; in the first place, the breadth of the lead does not average anything like fifty feet, it is sometimes so narrow as fifteen feet. The wash dirt, taken as a whole, will not average more than one dwt. to the bucket. Some of the parties have washed some dirt, and the yield has been from one to three ounces to the load. Water is also to be had in abundance at the Black Dog Creek, aboutfive miles from the dig- gings ; and last of all, I do not know of one single instance in which a claim is expected to turn out 1000 to the man, while I do know of many who would be glad to make sure of £100 as their share not to say anything of the many hundreds who are only living in hope. I may mention that the lead at the upper end has been lost. ( For other News see Third Page.) 