GOODBYE. "Ade! ich fliege nun davon, Weit! weit! Reis' ich noch heut." TIECK. MY heart is heavy, for I must leave thee, New South Wales. My soul is sorrowful--I may sojourn no longer in Sydney. Beauteous land! Sweet city! How warmly have I ever loved, with what an intensi- fied affection do I now regard, you! Wrenched--oh, how unwillingly!--from this celestial southern soil, it were strange, indeed, if I uttered not a melancholy mandrake groan. No more, no more, shall I behold the face of Parkes--that bright, particular star-raying its cheer- ful light in lavish rain. I am going to a far-off country, whose ignorant inhabitants have never heard of the proud pomp of his imperial sway, a dreary land where the melodious Murmurs of the Stream are dumb. In vain for those benighted boots hath he stolen moments that ought to have been spent in copy- ing manifests at the Custom House, to dally with the Muse. Should I tell the barbarians that Australia can boast not only him, but, also, even a greater bard, the Harper whose native woodnotes wild float to us from that spot of romantic name, the Plains of abbre- viated Jeremy--I should seem unto them as one that mocked. The Murrurundi Sheik will rise in beard-bristling majesty even as he did in bygone days, but my eyes will no longer mark his hirsute indignation. Other ears will listen to John Campbell's pregnant, Tacitus- like "Oh, ohs;" and gape for Flood's dropped h's. Forster will snap, puppy-like, at everybody's heels in turn; my darling little Pid, working that handle- like left arm of his, will pump out constitu- tional lore; Arnold will witch the House with noble courtesy; Cowper will play political Jim Crow; Donaldson, in battery voice, will quote Spanish and the classics in a speech about the roofing of a court-house; Hay will consider the quota- tions of his "honowable fwiend wewy welevant-- wewy;" plucky little Dalley will offer to swim out and board bombarding squadrons, single-handed, in an unarmed, Adamite condition; Wild will make up for the "brevity" of his answers, when aspiring to the bar, by the long-windedness of his orations in the Senate; Tom Rusden will gaze enviously from the Strangers' Gallery on the scene below, longing to leap clown-like downwards with a "Here we are agin'!" --the legislative mill will go on grind- ing as of old, but its grist is not for me-- Macquarie-street keeps me in chaff no more. And Lang, thou meek evangelist, how shall I ever leave thee? Who, with gentle words and deeds all stamped with a supernal die, shall make me disregard all earthly things save to do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with my God, when I no longer listen to thy charitable conciones to the pugilistic populace, no longer read thine apostolical epistles to the Corin- thians? But I will lay up in lavender the memory of the last time I saw thee fling about thy flail-like arms, grin thy most venerable grin, and sputter forth thy pious puns, upon the Victorian stage. If tempted to worldliness, the recollection of the precept and example that on that day I received from a grey- haired Christian teacher, perchance, may rescue me from evil. Goodbye, George-street, with thy miscellaneous crowd of business men, barrowmen, draymen, bucks, blackguards, bullock teams, and 'buses. Valete cœci, with backthrown heads, protruded, tapping sticks, and hurrying dogs half-strangled, drowsily murmuring as you pace the pavement with uncertain tread, "Seenee Morren Herld, Em-pire, Bell's Life, Free-e-e-m'n's Journ'l." Farewell, handsome Billy Gibbes, for ever lounging at the Café door. Farewell, Long Scrutton, threading the throng of cir- cumambient dwarfs, like to a vagrant lamp-post. Farewell, squat-vulture, stuttering Stubbs, scent- ing with sagacious nostril thy quarry from afar, or hastening--brave matador--to give the coup de grace to an expiring bull. Farewell thou other Inspector of Nuisances, blue-coated Singleton. Like Miranda, I now can scoff at thee and thy myrmidons. Gentlemen shall reel late and lushy to their lodgings, and be provided with those for which they are not thankful, in the coming days of Sydney as in its past, but the lock-ups that once knew me shall know me no more for ever. Goodbye, Pitt-street, with thy marts for the sale of sheepskins, and thy other marts where silly benedicts are fleeced for the covering of their pretty dears, their darling little lambs. Farewell, secretary-savant Dyer, with the bloom of thy new office bright upon thee, dashing hither and thither in a superbly swinging Hansom, meditating, as thou goest, a leading article for the next number of thy most lively magazine, wherein the profoundly anxious public shall be in- formed that the editor's bowels are in a more com- fortable state than they were, alas! at the date of the penultimate advices. Farewell, blue- bloused Timothy, thou man of oysters, bland smiler upon fools who empty their own pockets to fill thine. Farewell, ubiquitous N. N., haunting the boisterous slips and dreary boxes of the Victoria, like the ghost of Hamlet come round to see how the stage looks from the front, benignly calling at every station- house in thy circuitous walk homewards, to discover whether any friend of thine may stand in need of bail; I grate- fully acknowledge thy kindness in this respect, but, as I have already hinted, I no more require thy care. Goodbye, Domain and Gardens, music, flower- shows, and flirtations. Goodbye, isle-studded Harbour, with thy picnic spotted shores. Finally, farewell ye shrines of Bacchus! I have shed the last claret that I shall drink in Sydney. "Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depth or some divine despair Rise in my heart, and gather to my eyes, In looking on the well-remembered signs, And thinking of the nights that are no more!" A truce to persiflage. Few and evil have been the days of my pilgrimage in this ledger-loving land, but they have been long enough to enable me to form friendships that I hope will last for ever, and the troubled nature of my normal life has only heightened my enjoyment of the peaceful havens into which I have occasionally floated when the storm has lulled. This is no place for the acknow- ledgment of countless kindnesses that I have received in my private capacity, but I cannot refrain from ex- pressing my gratitude here for the far too indulgent reception that my poor efforts to amuse have ever met with from my little Public of colonial readers. I must not forget either to return my thanks to my unknown correspondents--from the "Country Justice" down to my relative, "Paul Bandicoot." I have been treated too generously in New South Wales, to leave it with a sneer upon my lips-- But rather, in saying goodbye, would bestow a good hearty benison On the land of brave boys and sweet girls, that is governed by worthy old Denison! PETER 'POSSUM. June 15th, 1858. SANDHURST RAILWAY.--The railway contract for the main line to Sandhurst is at last signed. The contractors, Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, met the Board of Land and Works, at the Crown Solicitor's Office, yesterday afternoon, and there signed the con- tract for making the railway from Footscray to Sand- hurst, for the sum of £3,356,937 2s. 2d. The con- tractors are prepared to commence operations at once; they now only wait being formally put in possession of the land.--Age, 8th June. 