THE NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL. Tho ceremony of laying the corner stone of the New Wesleyan Chapel, High- street, West Maitland, was per- formed on Tuesday afternoon, on the ground behind the present structure, in presence of an assemblage, notwith standing the scorching heat of the sun and the hot mud prevalent, of probably two hundred persons, including many ladies and a strong muster of juveniles. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of an appropriate hymn, after which the Rev. James Buller, Chairman of the New Zealand District, prayed ; and the Rev. J. G. Turner, of Maitland, read a psalm. The Rev B CHAPMAN, of Maitland, addressing Mr A. McArthur, who was to lay the stone, presented him with a silver trowel, as a memento of the auspicious occasion. He announced that Mr McArthur was about to lay in the cavity cut i the stone, a bottle containing a paper bearing the following inscription - "This stone is laid by Alexander McArthur, Esq., J. P. of Syd- ney in teh 21st year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria ' Sir William Thomas Denison, being Governor of the colony; John Allen Manton, President of the Australian Wesleyan Metho- dist Conference, Stepbon Rabone, Chairman ot the New South Wales District, Benjamin Chapmann, Josiah G Turner, and Wil- liam Clarke, minister of the Maitland circuit. "The building, of which this is the foundation-stone, is to be a Wesleyan Methodist chapel, 100 feet by 53 feet over all. The following gentlemen are the trustees, viz-, Samuel Owen, Joseph Ede Pearce, Wm. Currey, Joseph Youdale, John Fakliner, James Wolstenholme, Isaac Beckett, William Arnott, John Bowden, Henry Nancarrow, Thomas Cooper, and Frederick Currey. The contractors are Mr. John Wright, and Messrs. Mack and Sher- wood. " Wesleyan Methodism was introduced into Maitland in the year 1838. The chapel which is to give place to the one of which the corner-stone is laid today, was built in the centenary year of Methodism, 1839. The first resident Wesleyan minister in Maitland was the Rev. Jonathan Innes, who commenced his labours in the year 1840. The Conference of 1855 divided what was formerly the Hunter River Circuit into three circuits, the two near ones being Newcastle and Singleton. There are now, in the Maitland Circuit, 10 local preachers, 31 class leaders, and 385 members of society. "'And of Zion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her, and the Highest Himself shall establish her.' "BENJAMIN CHAPMAN, "Sup. Min,, "JOSEPH EDE PEARCE ' Circuit Steward. 11 West Maitland, 5th January, 1858 " A friend had, Mr, Chapman said,suggested the addition of a post script, to give the information, should the bottle ever be opened again, that on the day when it was laid, the thermometer stood at 101 degrees in the shade. The stone having been lowered into the position– Mr McARTHUR applied the level to the surface, and gave the customary raps with the mallet, saying, " I lay this stone in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." He then pro- ceeded to make a short address. He expressed the pleasure he felt at being present on the occasion, and being identified with the building of the chapel, he then spoke of the beneficial results that would follow the execution of the work-the raising of a house wherein the voice of praise and prayer would be heard, and the Word of God would be preached; and he trusted that the promise would there be realised, that wherever his name was recorded, he would be there to bless. There wss one other idea to which he wishedl to give expression, with reference to Wesleyan Methodists. They were not influenced in raising the building by any sectarianism, or feelings of hostility towareds other sections of the Christian Church'but, as a seciton of the Church Universal, they sought to discharge the duly that devolved upon them to erect buildings to promote the glory of God, and they sought to give increased convenience and accommodation to those who would worship with them there. He would not say more, and as it was uiualun luchoccailont to deliver an adilret» iniboaylng the doe Irlnei and principies uf Wiiltyan liuliodimi, tho Ker Stephen Itibune would do io in lha L lapel, which tho etccutve beat ren iered a more tuliab.o plice .... Tho alterably then a Ijourutd to the chapel «here tho Rev 8 rUboae delirercd nn nddrtilof the nature Indicated After lilla a tea nuning waa htld ia the chapel | teinlsci, and In titi. Isle Bo »ling kaloon, nearly opposite The tnbics were abundantly lupi lied, und w re luptrlnlciided hy laillei ol tua concregallon j about Are hundred penone partook o'the rcfreth menlipruvldtd, the heal, however, wa» almuttintulerat le In the evening a public imeliug waa bald In the chapel, when then wat a good attendance-the teniyeraiure coniidered Tho proceeding» wert coramenrcd by the »Inking ot a hymn, and prayer by ihe Rev Mr. Woolnough. Mr M Arthur prttlded The CHAIRMAN made an opiiiliig addrets of lorne langib, remark Ina on tho sratitlcntioii it had afforded bim to have »ten a» litige tin attendance al the laying of the stout, aud to bava.tuet tu the »oc! il way alternant» He «al glad that it had happened at Ihe I articular seaton of the year, and, ii not too lue, would wlah Hiern all a happy new year, and many happy return» or auch dayl. Ho alluded to the | atnlul occurrt ticca ol the putt year-the flood» and Hld ib»t it waa cause fir gratitude that there had be n au Ililli lot» or lil«, mid that the» wera aome liiere that night. In health and Hrciigih, who bad been placed in clrcumiiincci til im- minent danger. It had been »aiil Iii it it ttas well lur a man to have eneinlei, that they might show bim hil fault! , aud It wat well for them to har» had autieul»««, to «bon them thoir ttreogth, and Induce them to l»»n upon lb» strong for strength. Ile re matkad with plcaauio on the Indication» of life and euergy, and til commercial and religious pronicrity, that had bren afforded In Mnltlatid, and trolled Ibat that prosperity wuuld Inervase He said that the erection of a Ohrlitian church, to whatever Christian denominativo it belonged, tata hlin pleasur*, and ho conlrsaed at tnesame time the espeota! gratification which aa a Wesleyan be Mt lu tho building of a « dilyan Methodist Uispil Mr J F I'cAKCa then read a list of prumlicd lubicrlptlom tewarda the erection of the Chapel, ol which, bo Miel, it wat tx peeled that 25 p r cent, wuuld bo paid that night The Burnt pro nilud amounted to «early £1000 The Rev B CHAPMAN mads a itatement of the existing clrcum ?lancet connected wilh the building of Ihe new chip«. I, and of tito lire»lou» proceedings from the oomrat nccment ot the prêtent movement for that purpo»e The matter had beeu talked ol for many yean, and in necenlty had long been felt, but dlffleultlei hld Interfered In May or June lan, tile inl)»!unary »ervlcoa wen to have been held 1 hut the dltaitrout weather thrn s«t io, and If It lud not set in, tbe meeting In which the mûrement originated would probably not have been held It bad been publithed that a meeting was to be held at Morpeth, hut, uoder lha circumstance», It wis considered unadvliable to bold it. The «ant of better ac. eummodatlon at Maitland nat proved by tho fid that, at thal time, the water spouted up in placet between Ihe Wurdi ot Ibe cn uni «heu trodden tin, and II na» deemed a tit Hine, atelng thal the liev. Mr Turner.of Moreton Bay, und Ihe iles. Mr. Rggle llon. »ore prêtent, to collu rattling to .iilflnatea movement to obtain It, A lea met ting «at htld, and It spoke «eil that, under circumitances or auch depreiilon, the greller | arl of tho tubtcrlp tloni, tho Hit ot which liad been read, wore promiied Application «a» no1 then made io any but tho.e who held illllngi In the chapel; aud thecaiiveiiing ol the neighbourhood would Ibeielore date from the public meeting thnt night. Tho truste«!, barine, railed £1000, «xpictod u»»l»iance Irom the Building Committee to the ex tent al C>00, and fell themtelvea Jutllfled In arranging to obtain ptani l'lani were lubuillled, undacwited. Monthi pined a«uv, the flood» cune, and pyted away alio, and it wat then fell tbitt they ought to uieko a daih at It They adverllied tir tendtrt, the diltrlct meeting assembled , tho plans were sub milted lo Ihelr lileiids In Sydney, and approved, and no1 only was the sum ol/SOO granted, but reasonable rxpeotatlutis ot lunhir «Id lo a similar ostent «ore held out. Ten len «era accepted , mid the cost ol the building was estimated at something over £3000 Ihui. Iliuuth Iho eeat holden hld been liberal, and couilderabie atiltiaiice had been given from Sydney, there wa» Hill a trout deal lo do. The apenker then proceeded to atats bil lonvlctluut that II e nropokcd chapel would not, »ven al fini, he found lo ba loo lame I It would not b» too costly , thal It would no1, a» som» « >ld, damage, but would promote the lnterrtta ol the Circuit ! and tbnl It would nut frighten away Hie peor. In coniluslou he propounded a scheme by which every one might obtain an interest In the church by contributing towards Ita »reotlun-that tchsnio Being, that each ona who woi not prepared to give dunillont auch al thoio reported, aboald contribute weekly tumi mourding to their TiMiKif JAMBI BUILB» of Vew Zealand then addreited the meclltft. Warm aa tho climate of Mattlautl was, bo bad lound that Intro wat loiuetlilng Mill warmir-iho pulte that beat In the hourn of Iho >\ »iirjaoi ol Iho plucr II» oungrutulatod them on tho courage Ulaplnyed in undertaking inch a work In the fat» of illtllcultle.ot whit» he In f«e» ¿elland hld heard. lit fauiurked on one feature ol Iho iub.e.ilpllou lit, va, that ino larger amount» did not merely head the Hit, but alternated with tbo iinallor onei, showing that tbe «ivers gave horn prliulple, according to Hair »billy «'«Ile Iheyiouuvo ho believed thatOod would not withhold illa bletatig He alluded to other reatoui lor congratulation, made »am« obser. vatlone aa to the chanje» resulting Irotn iho mlnlonary work In Nt» ¿islsnd, and concluded I y »eying that he hoped won io hear ol Ihe railing of Hie bull Ung Hist day ounimeoced, und ol Its dedl. callan tu the servie» of Jvh vuh . , KB,« Mr CHAPMAN read a list of additional tubicilptloni railed dorlnr tko meeting and threw out some hints In roferonce to the furmatlo» of a nullor »ynoui of collection, and th» proba blllty of their having reeourta lo a baxuai A part ol a hymn wat linn aung Tho llov t\, CtABKB tint «poke. Ho enlarjed uron tho two trent facttoriholapiu if lime.and tb» iucçe»»lon uî events, urg. lug upin hi» heuren the Importance ol being up and doing that they might bring uboul oveuta worthy tu ue recorded In the calaloauo of Hi« e»ents of the doy. Ho considered Hie movement in which they «ereilionerjgeged.under lb« »«'«»niaspects which, ». an event, It presented, aud ho maintained Hut Ihe promotion orUi»»au»r of Christianity wit Hi» highest ol nil objects. Tho llev Mr RAIIUNH laid tit it moro than two yuan ago a mailing waa hold In thal place, nt which Mr Hoy» wa»prts.nt, with hltn»elfandotlieri amlaiwblclicertnlii sum»««« prurolaed Iheieiunii hud tinco beni paid, bul tho neiiir» uf ihicontrlbutors hail not been read Ho would tlierefoio L«I1 on Mr. Turner to read the Hit, and to show that Iho moneya bud been appropriated lo ,llrhoBo'v.<lJ0GtCiüaii>inioida Hit of luhtcrlplloni iho »mount of which had boen expended in tho purcb ne of » i loto of lund in lluurko ilreet. nt a tito lor a ohapol, and in olituhilng plan! (no1, however, tho plan» now lo be carrltd Into »Moulton) A» it had been determined to hulld ou Iho land adjoining tho old all», tho land in Bourko-atniet remulnod to bo «old for the bonellt of tit« "í'ieBov Mr lUnoKBlhiniild that It only remained to raak« a collecllon ; «nd ho allied upon all to give what Buy could. A colUcllou wa» in«ilo «cciirdlugly _, On the motion of Mr W Ooaiuir, lecoudod by Mr, .». E Paaaci n vole of thank« lo Mr. M'Arthu- rur th« very »«leutlal lervlcet he had rendored ou III« occnilon, wat pa»ioJ. Oil the motion ol the llov 11. CHAPMAN, tecunded by the ti«» Mr. Woomotioii, and tupportod by lomo ono In the bodyof tho meeting a volo of thanks to iii» ladie» who had provided tbo tea, and tui erlnttnded Ibu urr ngominli, watoarrhd A hymn «"'. tutu;. Hie bonedlotlon wai pronounted, and the meeting ictiaraled ut about lull put nine o'tlotk Iho amount promit«! und collected ut Iho publlo meeting wm jfoO IO»., »hloh, "lib Hie trocudi of tho too miwllng, railed the amount of ti e oubicrlptlon Hil lint read to about £1 loo 1 ho silver trowel ui.d In laying tho Ho«« wai from the eitabllih. meut of Messrs. F. and F. Currey, and boro an Inierlptlun to Iho «Hoot that it wn» "l'reicnud to A. M'Artliur, Uq, J I*. <»<> lha Hying of tbo foundation Hono of th» no'loyait Chapo'. Wert Maitland " ____^_ 