LORD PALMERSTON'S DEFEAT ON THE i ALLEN HILL. (From the Metropolitan Gossip of the Liverpool Albion.) A JfAXMBRsroN was in a frenzy for the first time in his Parliamentary life last night, or at least shammed the lunacy so well that it would take a battalion of mad doctors to trace the di agness to a detection of the simulation. And enough he had to drive him delirious. The position of Act. con while being devoured by his own dogs was a flea bite compared to the badgering he went through. The more he suffered, and the more he showed it, the fiercer were the yells, the more unbounded the delight, of the omnivorous pack that fell upon him. Such a scene has never been witnessed, in this generation at all events; and probably Barry's new houses will be as old as Westminster Abbey is at present before they behold such another. When an aloe blooms once in a hundred years it is said to burst into flower with the report of a 68 pounder; and when a Palmerston, once in ten centuries, collapses, be sure he goes down as would the Leviathan at Niagara, with some novel effects in acoustics. It was not till a short time (towards midnight before he rose that the thought of his sitting down an 0 extinct minister seemed to enter anybody's head as a J" possibility; but ore five minutes elapsed that power " bility became probability; and ere another five were over the probability almost deepened into certainty. The enormous majority of 145 the previous night on the India Bill, only about 50 being calculated upon, seemed to consolidate his dictatorship beyond reach of design or chance, save death itself. If it was argued, he is thus omnipotent where powerful in _ terests are so actively arrayed, where his case is so intrinsically week, what hope is there on a point of , mere vague general abstract concernment? and he armed with the two-edged sword of cosmopolitan cant and personal terror, about assassination on the one hand, and invasion on the other ! The faintest notion i of Mr defeat seemed as illusory as the Urqtihartine tableau' vivants, or rather mount, of the chopper and block on Tower-hill. Still, the idea was canvassed by speculative loungers about the lobbies, but only just as one would muse on the abolition of the national debt, compression of crinoline, dividend from the Thames Tunnel, or some hallucinating something of that sort. Occasionally, a verdant visitor from the country would waylay his "town or county member in transitu through the passages, and ask if Ministers were sure of a majority } The senator would look pityingly at the interrogator, as if doubting whether so much simplicity as the question implied was compatible with sanity. Ministers sure of a. majority ? Was the morrow's sun sure of getting up without candlelight The ques stones would venture to ask why was the result so very ' much a matter of course The respondent, if in a condescendingly informing mood, or anxious to show off to the rural, would reply, for two reasons first, because Palmerston is Palmerston (strong emphasis on the auxiliary verbs,) and, secondly, because the Opposition had no , whip. Grateful for the tidings, but not much illuminated thereby, the provincial would deferentially desire to know the reason of the House being so full and animated and the response would be that Peel was going to speak, and there was sure to be huge entertainment. The mention of that Tamworth oddity would perhaps prompt the further query, if it weren't strange that Sir Robert, so lately a Lord of the Admiralty, end so very devoted a friend of the Premier, who assisted at his wedding, and made no spicy a bride-cake speech, should have turned against him Yes, it was odd, very but then it was only Peel, and who minded him ? -cracked, sir, cracked Well, but then, there's Monckton Milnes, he isn't cracked, is he Worse, sir, worse ; silly, makes rhymes, jingles, a poet, ass. This squelched the gen \- tleman in pursuit of Parliamentary knowledge under difficulties ; but perhaps he is a reader of The Albion, and knows what's what, and who's who in which case he returns to the charge, and says, " But how about Horsman? He isn't an ass, eh? Gave up £5000 a-year ; rather donUeyfied that, to be sure ; but proof that there must be something in his turning against the man who gave it him." Thereupon, the legislator makes the sagacious remark that there is no accounting for tastes that it is clear there must be a screw loose in the head to cause such an aberration in the pocket, &c.; ; but, as for Ministers, they were as safe as the bank, and nothing could disturb them. This, we will assume, took place towards nine o'clock. If in an hour or so after, the dialogue happened to be renewed, it might be observed that a slight change had come over the spirit of the senator's dream. He was inclined to admit that he did hear somebody or other say it was possible the majority wouldn't be so very large ; but he knew better ; he knew it would be a good hundred at least. Just before this time, mayhap Hayter would be seerrhurrying into the library. Bless me I has he seen the ghost of Coppock, and has that perturbed spirit been upbraiding him with indiscretion? What can be the matter with the Right Honorable Goodenough ? Observe the dejected haviour of his visage, like O. Kean's in Hamlet. He puts not the forefinger of his fat hand to the side of that most knowing nose of his neither looketh he sideways, nor at his toes, nor over his shoulder ; but Straight ahead, point blank, year very blank, and excited withal, sighing, it may be, for the far off Mulgrave, useful though a noodle, and scowling on his wretched-henchman, Brand, who is evidently tumbling into a state of syncope at thought of the appalling responsibility that he carries Cmsar and all " his fortune on his shoulders for the next few hours. The quietude of the Opposition freezes the miserable Taper with misgivings of the know not what. No scouts, no touts, scour the vicarage for the enemy ; but this he interprets as a sign of conscious strength, and he shivers in his skin, or rather in his parchment, for his cuticle is already of dried sheep. The easy effrontery of his manners and the jack's around also fright hits and the head of Hayter is that of Medusa in his sight turning his own carpet to stone, or at least petrified wood, which isn't much of a transmogrified- tion after all. But hark to the cheering. Singular sounds. Not from Treasury bench come such perenssionary plaudits there is heart in them and that's what Hayter abhors, for it is a bore, and gives trouble, and prevents business being put on such an understandable footing at once. Again ; louder ; yet louder still. What can it mean ? Gladstone is up ! and do, as the boa con Strictive of phraseology is coiling round his " noble friend," the joints of the latter crack, and members shout their satisfaction at the articulation. Pause knows he none on and still on piles he the barbed period, easy and earnest, beautiful and almost sublime, but never approaching to the other step. He draws near the close, and then makes that solemn appeal, which thrills every hearer, how that the world of mind has been rolling back upon its axis these ten years' past, and what profanity it would be if England were now, in this supreme hour of freedom's travel, to aid in the scabbard work. A hurricane of " hears " sweep the area, like the rushing of the wings of the rock, in Sinbad's valley of diamonds, as the glittering gems of rhetoric flashed around, and the sparkling speaker sat down. Up rose, not a rose, huge rook, a raven, yea a bat, Bethel to wit; but us uprising was a signal for the resumption and pro . , elongation of the acclamations poured upon the preceding orator, The strangers in the gallery caught the contagion and regardless of Serjeant-at-Arms, fines, coal-holes, and all the rest of it, indulging in vocal gymnastics sufficient to give the proprietor of Le ' cock's pulmonary wafers an asthma of alarmist such unadulterated vigour offering. The exercitntion was indulged in with impunity, because the members' galleries were well-filled with cheering MP's and the interjection of ejaculations by the non privileged was easy enough. It was long before Bethel could begin for that periphrastical pedant is no favourite, and there was the double motive to pain him and please Gladstone. The pertinacity of this proceeding made a new person of the Attorney-General and instead of drawl . i ing out his didactic sententiousness between his teeth, , vin that detestable manner which fills all who hear him i' for the first time with the idea that he is mimicking Konconi's " Englishman" in " Fra Diavolo," he opened his mouth, and talked like a man. '<:. Unit to no purpose. You can't fabricate a >-, Portemonnaie out of the auricular appendage of the " female pig. You can't make a reasoning being out of a'' - a model special pleader. He refines the head of an argument, and his tale is consequently caput mo> tuum. ', ' Bethel proved twice too much. He showed that the " Conspiracy Bill was ready before anyone thought of e, clutching suspected conspirators; and succeeded only in ', demonstrating that he would be twice as clever if only half as cunning. Disraeli soon demolished him, and it rose upon his ruins to infinite favour with the House. a ' ' He', too, stripped to his work, and went at it without o i" i disguise. "Begin, murderer, leave thy damnable '-' í faces, and begin ; " and so he did, How far his mind was in the matter, how far his complicity with the middle-aged mountebank of the Tuileries and the ss patriarchal conjuror of Cambridge House may have expressed a mental reservation in the " honour among * thieves " ethics, is best known to himself. But, to all appearance, he seemed to feel that, as one of the trio, over the way, was- tottering, it would be only a piece ev'. '"of Christian charity begging his pardon for applying .-: as? a baptismal adjective to his Hebraic pronoun-to give of him the coup de grace, in the manner of his fellow Tyrian, in the Crusaders, who cried accipe horses he I presented the object of his attentions with six inches of cold steel of the stomach. He-that is, the gentleman who speaks daggers, not the man who uses them delivered a twenty minutes' address in his best serious style; and when it became perfectly clear that he meant to vote for the amendment, and equally clear the reception of his intention by those about him, it was felt the " hour had struck," as Kossuth says, and that the betrayer of Kossuth was about to meet his doom. And how did he meet it Like himself defiant as Bothwell' when the sword of Balfour of Burley had transfixed him-" believing nothing, hoping nothing, and fearing nothing." The Como Old Gentleman was decidedly tragic, or at least melo-dramatic now Surrey melo-drama, hovering between bathos and burlesque. He began in a towering fee-faw-fum strain ; but it was palpable at a glance that the bottle-holder had ceased to be judicious- was groggy-struck wildly, and drew no blood. He first fell upon Milner Gibson, apropos of the charge of inconsistency against himself, and tried to retort with a Billing? give tu quoque ; but it was quite a miss, and was felt, and shown to be felt to be so; Gibson having given up place when he resigned principle ; Palmerston carrying any principle to any place, and this not once, but a dozen times over. A growl of derision broke forth all round-the first that had ever met his ears. He sprung as if stung by torpedoes, and glared indignant, not with the sneering scorn of Lord John when Bouverie and the round robin rebels revolted against the last of the Whigs, but with the air of a bully. The time for this sort of thing, however, had passed away. Go, make your bondsmen tremble," seemed to be the shibboleth of the self emancipated serfs, as they laughed at their deposed Czar, for it was from the liberals chiefly, especially those below the gangway, the derisive acclamation came. What. Palmerston laughed at the wolf boarded by the sheep, the cat belled by the rats. Even so. indescribable grow the consternation, of the news flew through the building, pro- voking incredulity and stupefaction as though the Thames had taken fire, and was burning the structure down with that which should put the came out. Earthquakes and volcanoes it can't be true, cried all the subterranean officials under the pile, as they hurried towards the scene, Bellamy's cooks and tea maids, the policemen, the telegraph urchins, and every created thing on two legs crossing to the common centre, and asking, " What is it " The more he went on the worse he got, and the worse he got the better use did his contumacious tormentors make of their advantage. Again and again he repeated the charge of Gibson's foreign predilections at the expense of England and of liberty, and again and again was there a roar of contemptuous scoffing at the puerile slander. Ho to meet such a theme at such a moment, with Croptowitz, the Russian Minister, scanning him the while after listening to his jaunty condolence, in the early part of the evening, over the sacrificed Circassians On either side of Creptowifz was the French and Austrian Ambassadors and suites, each and all knowing-no matter what ; but if they only knew, as they do know, why Bombs was able to laugh at the rubbish about sending the fleet to Naples, and then making it sheer off again, that knowledge would suffice to deepen their diplomatic wonder that brass is not considerably dearer than it is in this country, considering the quantity one individual has monopolised. But that's neither here nor there. What is here is that the uproar went on crescendo, amidst a chaotic chorus of oh's, ah's, ball's, rights, questions, groans, and zoological eructations, of all sorts, which Mr. Recorder Warren no doubt considers a practical plagiarism from the famous scene of the same sort in "Ten Thousand a Year." All the shams and flame in the house turned all kinds of colours as the same class persevered in the demolition of their so late idol, the peerless Pam, and who, like the disen- chanted Titania, appeared to have found out that their Bully Bottom wasn't quite so fascinating as their fancy had painted. Williams of Kars looked as if Mouravieff was dealing before him, or rather Emery, of whom the finessing Fenwick stands considerably more in dread, and with much better reason ; while General Codrington kept him in countenance, rueful, be sure. In vain the Ministerialists, signed by Lord Alfred Paget, and enclosed by grooms in- waiting and waiters on Providence, cheered again, Mr. Wilson in particular giving tongue, as only a man with a couple of thousand a-year falling from his mouth can be expected to do. All no use. The Premier had 1 "overdone Tctmegant," and from the bellowing of a bull of Bastian, and the posturings of a gladiator (not the Dying one), he dwindled down to a lamb-like bless, and most Tnrvydrop deportment. Procumbit human bees might be said, as he dropped into his Beat, after the failure of his Tipperary tactics, his Donnybrook fair diplomacy and nothing remained but to register the decree that should expel the antique Adam from the Eden of Whitehall after half a century's tenure of the Paradise of place. The question was then put for the Government motion, and thoPalmerstonians whooped "aye" as harmoniously as could be expected from gentlemen with the cattle in the throat. When the turn of the Gibson i tes came, a broadside of races went off that caused Speaker Denison to jump in his chair with all the alacrity which the thought of a general election and a possible possessor of his presidential chair may be supposed to inspire. " The ayes to the right, the noes to the left," he cried and off the positives and negatives proceeded to poll. The House was enormously full ; but many took fright and fled, fearing the responsibility to the body politic of calling their souls their own. Some few kept outside, lingering about the door, as if afraid of being led into the temptation of either lobby if they ventured within the vestibule, and among those was Mr. William Jackson. The time-glass on the clerk's table had been turned down, and the electric bells set tinkling summoning the great jury of the nation to say shall England be England still-life inviolate isle of the brave and the freezer be made an appanage of the imperial Gaul, through the instrumentality of our own Brummagem Evening The sand ran out, and the bells ran down, and the doors banged to, and the silence of the tomb reigned whilst the grave work of the undertakers went on at a funeral pace indeed, for it seemed as if it never would come to an end ; every minute appearing an hour. At last the tops of the returning column began to be perceptible, and the main bodies flocked in each side of the Speaker's chair, the most intense eagerness to know the result being exhibited by the throng of strangers, illustrious and otherwise, pressing to the focus. President Gibson and Bright stepped into the middle of the House, taking precedence of Hayter and Brand. To the initiated eye half a glance told all that this movement implied. Ere the tellers could tell a word the exultant shout of the majority had proclaimed that the Exe had retraced its course, that Old Old Hats would cover the head of the Temples officially no more and that the Caius Gracchus Rowcliffe would never again have to ask Civis Romances of Tiverton what Ministry will he join next, for he will never join another, though he may disjoin several. When the numbers were proclaimed in the usual form at the table, the cheering was reiterated over and over and once more, and still another time, and another after that, and then it began again afresh. It wasn't merely the majority; that was much. But there was more. The majority was brought about by Gibson, and, intuitively seeing success, Gibson associated Bright with him, and there stood these two men triumphant in the area from which it had been hoped they were expelled by artifices worthy of that which they now stigmatised and chastised. What a spectacle for Manchester, with one of its dumb "ghouls" looking lugubriously on; fit emblem of the pocket borough of the Minister's, to which Cottonopolis had been degraded by its clique of little Pedlington intriguers sweltering in mortified vanity because Bright and Gibson appraised them at their worth. And where was Cobden ? Everyone felt he should be there too. But there was better than he- far better. Who ? Akroyd, who turned him out on the China fraud, and got in as a matter of its author, and yet has been obliged to assist in branding him as author also of the greatest indignity any Englishman had inflicted on England since a British sovereign and cabinet were stipendiary tools of a foreign sovereign. The Un- adorned well knows that Akroyd's testimony to this fact is worth a thousand Cobden's in such a case, though in any other it would take a thousand Akroyds to make half a Cobden. The supreme bitterness in the Premier's cup is that it should have been presented by Bright, whom, of all men, he most abominates for he alone has pronounced him to be what lasCnight's vote affirms ; he said that he was to the upper and middle classes what Feargus O'Connor was to the lower, and the very reverse in every respect of what he had succeeded in passing himself off as. Bright had not spoken in the debate, and so far the Minister escaped what none, but Bright could administer. But to have been teller makes up for the taciturnity with terrible interest. To judge by countenances last night, the real happy man was Sir J. Graham, who grinned horribly a ghastly smile," but whether at Palmerston's upset, or the rout of the India Bill, of < sympathy with Yeh, or the squashing of reform, it is impossible to say. . - ' 