TOWN AND TABLE TALK ON LITERATURE ART, ETC., FOR THE WEEK ENDING THE 16TH JANUARY. -3 (FROM THE ILLUSTRATED NEWS) Pedigree lovers-there are such in Old England, and even in New England often find their inquiries and in results as strange as those which ensue from the bad fellowship of misery or the chances of the gaming-table. An example in point is to be found in a recent number of that matter-of-fact publication the London Gazette. Who has not heard of the Gowry Conspiracy? who has not heard of Vandyck? and who that has read Dr. John sen's "Lives of the Poets" can have forgotten George Stepney, Poet and Ambassador under Lord Macaulay's hero and heroine, King William and Queen Mary ? But to our tale; It appears that a late Lieutenant-Colonel of the Coldstream Guards having through his mother, a Stepney, come into the estates of the old Pembrokeshire family of that name, is now permitted, in accordance with wills, settlements, and other parchment authorities, to take the name of Stepney in addition to his patronymic of Cowell. Colonel Cowell then becomes the living representative of those families. Of Ruthven the last Earl of Gowry, learned, chivalrous, and ambitious; an actor and sufferer in the famous Gowry Conspiracy. 2, Of Vandyck, the prince of portrait painters in his time, who married Mary Ruthven, a beautiful attendant upon Henrietta Maria, and sister of the Patrick Ruthven who expiated his father's sins real or pretended by a long and jealous incarce lotion in the Tower, ii. Of Van dyck's only child, who married into the Stepney s. So that Colonel Cowell, In his own person, is the living representative of the Buthvons, the Stepneys, and Vandycks-enough for one man. It is said, and we think with truth, that the Indian war has produced better despatches than the Crimean war. Generals Codrington and Windham were certainly not even ordinary masters in English composition. And as certain is it that Brigadier Inglis writes to the point, and writes what he thinks and feels. His despatch in the papers of this week reminds one of the famous Miwal despatch of Sir Harry Smith. As promotion in the army is still a fertile subject of conversation, our readers will thank us for Show ing in a few words what promotion was like In the English army just a century ego. The following letter, written in 1757, is much to the point : " TO THE RIGHT HONORABLE THE SECRETARY AT WAR. "Sir I was a Lieutenant with General Stanhope when he took Minorca, for which he was made a Lord. I was a Lieutenant with General Blakeney when he lost Minorca, for which he was made a Lord. I am a Lieutenant still. I have, &c.;" Mark the modesty of the appeal. Above all, mark the difference in the years. Minorca was taken in 1708 and lost in 1756 forty-eight years a lieutenant ! What must have been this man's feelings? We wonder what reply Fox afterwards Lord Holland-who-was then Secretary-at-War, made to so pointedly appeal. Is Fox's answer among the records of the Wor office? We are glad to learn from the American papers that our native songster, Dr. Mackay, has been most cordially received in the United States; and more especially by American songsters who carried their wood notes wild from the Thames, the Tweed, and the Shannon. The doctor has been lecturing in New York, and most pleasantly detaining the ears of all, and they were many, who heard him. He has divided his subject, the " National, Popular and Historical Songs of England, Scotland, and Ireland," under three heads, and was warming as he went on. Our American brethren describe the personal appear- once of the poet we have lent them in these words :- I "He is a gentleman of medium size, with quick, dark eyes, a frank smile, and a plea set, distinct voice- His style of elocution is admirably adapted to the lecture-room i and he was listened to throughout with that appreciative silence which always establishes the best of magnetic links between the speaker and the hearer." I " Medium size " is rather stationer's term. Here in England, friend Jonathan, we should say " middle size '" but the rest of the description is a photograph of the poet. " For the following interesting extract (hitherto unpublished) from a letter written by Coleridge, the poet, to his acknowledged matter in poetry, the poet Bowles, we are indebted to an old friend of Mr. Bowler's, who was allowed, when on a visit at Broomhill, to make this and other extracts from Coleridge's letters : "As you have mentioned what I had almost forgotten my " Fall of Robespierre " I will give you the history of it. "At the time that villain was guillotined, Robert Southey, Robert Lovell, and myself, were together; and sadly wanting a little money, I proposed writing "The Fall of Robespierre," each to write an act and then sell it for two or three guineas. It was agreed to, and in the evening of the same day each produced his act. the first, Southey the second, and Lovell a third act; but Lovell bad crammed his not so very full of the Royal family's ghosts, that we agreed it would not do, and Robert Southey wrote a fresh third act, while I corrected and retouched the first and second. It was finished, as you see it, by 12 o'clock the next day, B. Southey. who writes poetry more quickly than I can write prose, state with the newspaper before him and turned the conventional speeches into blank verse with a laughable dexterity. It was to be rinsed immediately; but as Southey was then about to publish his "Joan of Arc," he desired that his name might not be mentioned, and that mine should be affixed, in order that it may sell among the undergraduates at Cambridge. I was willing to take the whole discredit-for such we both thought it. The first edition went off, and the bookseller would have bought the copy- right of me, but I never would consent to its being reprinted. The only part I claim is the first act, of which the stiffish style is not un- natural, because it is put in the mouths of those we etches whose taste in eloquence was much on a par with their taste in virtue." S. T. Coleridge to W. S.BowleaJih March,. 1797. If our correspondent has other extracts from Coleridge's letters of a like interest with this, we shall be greatly obliged to him for a further communication. In Fraser of this month there is a pains- taking article on the life of Henry Fielding, the novelist. The writer, Mr. Keightley (his name is to the war tide), has brought some new facts of minor importance to light, but has fallen at the same time into a strange error. "Why does he attribute the charming introduction to Lord Wharncliffe edition of Lady Mary Wortley Montagu's works to Lord Wharncliffe? The writer was not Lord Wharncliffe, but Lady Mary's own grand- daughter, Lady Louisa Stuart, the correspondent of Sir Walter Scott, and whose own letters we have heard Mr. Lockhart aBser remind one of Lady Mary herself. There is a sale this month at Richmond, in Surrey, at the late MISS Oolycar Dawklns's, of English historical portraits of old Chelsea, and older china nick-nacks and queer things, that will cause many to dip deep into their pockets. There are memorials from all the old houses in the neighborhood-from Pope's Villa and Strawberry Hill, from Ludbrook and Marble Hill ; things, too, that were once the property of the great Duke of Argyll and his daughters, old Lady Greenwich and Lady Mary Coke : with miscellaneous lots that once belonged to the beautiful Duchess of Queensberry to Hothams, to Hobart's, to Garrick at Hampton and to Kitty Olive at Little Strawberry Hill). Other lots, equally miscellaneous, carry us back to the Maids of Honor about Queen Anne, Queen Caroline, and Queen Charlotte It is a rich old maid's sale of trinkets and lockets In use a century ago-no common sale. Now that discount is not at 12 per cent., we shall look in and give a nod or two to Messrs. Christie and Manson, who conduct the sale. Our Shakspearean readers-and we have many-will rejoice to hear that Mr. Moxon his this week published Mr. Dyce's edition of Shakspeare, in six volumes octavo. Mr. Dyce 18 a ripe scholar in English literature, and every annotation will be scanned. More about this long-looked-for edition next week 