I MAITLAND POLICE COURT. \ Peiday, 'April 9. : i (Before the P^licoMaVist'rate, Mr Davidson, Mr A. Dodds, and Mr Jobn BorthwiekA ' Suspicion op HqiTs^ StkAlino. — Michael Doran was bronght up on suspicion 'of hor.M) etealing. Sergeant Kennedy deposed he apprehended tho prisoner last night at West Ma^li\tfd on Busplclon of being tho man known . pa 44 Big Mick,' advertised in the Crime Roport of Jan. 21, 1838, for stealing a horse from the Mudgeo district; on searching theprisonor £1 iK&Otl; -was -found' on his person ; .the hOrslr Ub Wafe ri»ling:wtien apprehended di I liot answer the description of the stolen animal. To our apprehensious tho prisouor had not tho Nligbt-st re Betubhmco to the **? Biff Mick' of the Crime Report. He wasi described as being o feet U inches wheroaB ho was nearly ti feet ; as having a -sallow complexion, fthereau it was fair; as having a full '/dee, wherca* it wad' thin, long, and hatchet shaped, 'l'ho thief Constablo, on being asked by (be bejioii, paid ho did not think'the pri \- eoner was 14 Big Miclc.** He was then discharged. Mr O'Meagher defended the prisoner. J TitnsATEBiNa LanodaoE.— ^Tohn AJiher was charged Tvith usin^threatening language .towards Edward Wen nan. It appears that on the 8rtf of April the defendant went to the pit where compJafnpi^t worked, and said he ; would kill him on the spot ; he repented just then, ' but said, holding his fist in complainant** face, that he would ' murder him j complainant threatened to take him to , Maitland court, when ho said he should not liye to get : there. Tho complainant, ^vho said ho had not been to . work since through fear of the defendant, looked as pale as a ghost, and ho had a distracted aspect which ovi» deuced plainly enough how great was bis fear of tho de fendant, a short thick-set man, who looked strong enough to fell a bullock at one blow^ Tho defendant was bound over to kcop tho peaco towards the com plainant for 12 months in the outn of £20, and ttvo sure . tics of £10 caoh ; ho was also mulctod in coits. Mr £!intor appeared for tho complainant, aud Mr O'Meagher for tho defendant. 