T f l f P i P W-mr-lA. (GHOST v< «-sii MWPiH&ji; .1 I f . •< •••.•• ! {i^BOSt THB IIiIiP'PTEA'rED.NKW'S.^ . , . & large: gapnt housefltood at ithis corner, 0f t^o etreets of London. The fire was b|Min£<wHh saob greatfUshes • upithe wide chimney that, bypotamon consent,-&U;'tlie Ii(rl»ts, eave: one ahaded dinner-lamp, remained • still unused. >A " horse-shoe" table stood near th« i hearth, i Sprite-like, flie shadows flitted jcapricipu'ely in the more distant paris of a large and even iiobl e room, furnished; however, in an antiquated faBh'ion,.and with, articles, many of which,, if once .splendid,! were now > dingy; the : ji'dingiftf the cornice. ifor example, being tarnished, and the brass binding of the hnae old. .sidebonvl having sprang - here and , there from.'^fastenings, i The jagged «nds, which: had thus come; to stand out, had torn an occasional drees; < but that * wa not all for which they were remarkable. Though the, house was .strongly built, it had b^peculiarity.;which; the ; architect might have explained, and to him we leave the explanation. When the: winds of the equinoctial time, or any grent tempest, Aoolc the whole street, there was not in it a house which .had less to fear for its overthrow than this old building. It was a carious, indefinable motion, which went like a thrill or a shudder through all parts of the dwelling. : And in . this great room in purticuJar, a room on the ground floor, •extending beyond the hall, the effect was peculiar; and especially at and about the mtique : sideboard,,along whose brass binding, liberated in part, as we have said, from its original: constraints, there ran a humming vibratory cadence, upon a stormy night, as if, in this spot,: the powers of the sir had an accomplice and partisan, holding watch within doors, and exchanging signals with them, when tlieyroaredand screamed ow the roof,: and beat at the windows, and tried the whole system of the walk with lurious buffets. . Altogether, people who knew the house, wondered why the master ©f it would make: it new and gay. A few modern alterations' would turn it into so splendid a mansion. V But,- of course, he best understood what pleased himself, aud he merely kept in order, but changed it in nothing. He.was, present now, at one aide of the fireplace; that which commanded a view of the door, half-reclining in a capacious arm- chair, and a dumb-waiter beside bim. On this little table were some: fruit plates and glasses. Several other persons, all of the robuster sex, formed a semicircle round the hearth; and behind them stood a large table bearing the after-dinner dessert A young man, between whom ,and .another gueBt there fras also a dmpb-waiter, similarly furnished,;sat in the corner opposite to the master of the.hotise. Though it was Christmas-eve, this youth wag gloomy. " Drink your wine, sir," said Mr. Ruscome, in a deep voice, and with imperiousness quivering ont of a double chin. "I have been for more years than you can count in your life a partner in our worthy host's thriving, and, though I say it, great and powerful commercial house. And, I maintain it, his commercial house is such that his domestic house has a right to be cheerful. Drink your wine, sir." " Have you seen a ghost ?" said another artner of that aucient firm. " They grow bout this time of year. Our worthy host, 'r. Blamfydd, knows something, about hosts." "Well," said Mr. Blamfydd, "I need ot say that I am no ghost-hunter, or host-fancier, or ghost-geer in the ordinary ceeptation ; but to show our young friend onder—who is impatient to depart, withat whither he would go—that it may not such waste of his timp as he supposes to fetea to an old man's tale; before . turning is back upon a destiny of which he little earns, I will tell you a passage of my own ife. Hedingham rose to leave the room. At this moment the tempest, which had eeti in a sort of lull,, awoke and lifted teelf into a paroxysm which shook the jing year with its violence, and made the ncient and solid . edifioe tremli <• and budder in every jojnt. The. door opened Wly, while a cold rush of wind entered he apartment; and some other and distant oor in the establishment was heard to shut ith a sound like thunder,and with long everberations,.which eeemed. to fly through A® .edifice on ^missions of cpnatertiition. ut thls straggling ephojet of ,.the, outer term, was ' ppt opiy; thipg„ which ^a ted ^ room where good j.gufeBt8>were "joybg,the,^VjBJjpJ ft.'fjgwi Jtime.? .VA _ JjWIrfft cha6tm«oWiofii jbtittf W th^ade.„. her blae «fe^t t(iti ! <he 'plfrtriati 1 «toodsuddehlylike ! avisi6n, orshbhelike aSBtar^ih theinidstof theth'refchole. T3,e$ ingainj a little ton'on* side/ahd Bhe WKejrJ 1 she had come, returned for an instant confronting each other. He became piale: she,, aftera moment of surprise—her large blue eyes growing atill larger and more luminous under the blaCk lashes—exclaimed :— "HhlMr. Blamfydd, do not believe; It is tHey upstairs—this is a strange Christmas prank." !; ; The door closed, atid the room seemed •colder and darker for hfcrabsence: " A strange Chriatmas prank, indeed 1" echoed Sir Thomas Hedingham (for the gentleman, though'so youhg, was a baronet of thirteen months' standing) : " And W s Mr. Blamfydd," added he, with concentrated wrath, " all is of your contrivance." " AH, sir, all. And now Bit down atid learn more than yon look for." Uhobiierved in the excitement of a minute or two, the name carious sound which had been heard in the earlier part of the evening, quivered faintly yet distinctly round the old Bideboard, as Hedingham strode by it; and went to resume his seatj with eyes dilated to an expression almost equally blended of anger and curi- OBoity, and turned intently upon his host " There lived in a withered dwelling, not far from my father's house, a couple, whose forlorn age was consoled by the sweetness and goodnesB of an exquisitely beautiful girl> their only child. Ancient and noteworthy was the family; but so (alien from its pristine condition, that its pre'sent generation could not afford fires sufficient in their house to keep the mildew out of its inner walls. Somehow the parents contrived, in spite of this grinding penury, to give their daughter an education from which she drew more even than the commensurate advantages. These attractions and blandishments of person which, in hor, exercised their invariable power, were but a type of the beauties of her heart, and of the charms of her intelligence—themselves a type of something higher and more imperishable still' beyond the flaming walls of the world' (extia Jlammantia maenia muudi). I fell, at that epoch of my life, into a —a—Ruseome —can you help me to a word ?" " Well, I think I can, Mr Principal: suppose we say a fit of illness." " Then we shonld not say what was very exact, This young lady of whom I speak (now not a young lady—now not living) I need not very minutely describe." '.'Why not air?" demanded Thomas Hedingham. " You are listning, are you ? Because she was the living archetype of Agnes Winmere ; and of her you can judge for yourself; she stood but now on that ancient, that memorable threshold! of her we all can judge." " You have not mentioned the name of the other young lady, now not young 1 , now not living," interposed Thomas Heding ham. " Her name!" resumed Blamfydd. " Her name also was AgneB—Agnes Chataworth." " Who was she ? " " Merely mother to this Agnes." " She was ! " " At this epooh of my life I fell into a— a—can you, Tom (since Mr. Ruseome has failed,)—can you—about whom I have felt a solicitude, not nnderstood by him who waB chiefly interested—can you help me to a word ? " "Youfell, for all I know," answered that young gentleman," into a very great and confnsed whirlpool of love; and there came of it put little to laugh for." " It was just so," proceeded the host. " I was desperately enamored of our fair neighbour. As I am almost quite bald, you have to learn that I possessed ouce a very luxiirient allowance of fine brown hair, which I kept in due condition. I am now a time-beaten aud austere-featured man. I was then allowed to be handsome. I was as good-looking as Thomas Hedingham is at this moment, with -probably rather more than his present share of knowledge of the world, and of the art de se /aire votoir, or in plain old Englishjthe ar t of making the most of oceself. The dilapidated dwelling of the (JhatBwbrths stood between my father's honse' and' the mansion of tbe Winmere - family—about half-way; and there in that decayed abode, shone thefsir light Of Ag:h"es, ' in the broken lamp'of a : rdihed, but irtill retpected, because 1 arioient, family re»idiq<ie It mil T«adily W^aappoiftd th*tthelMt : of •Whi'u fodti& v tli»' %ik\tei what l^er^Titoe I am;' Wt v I said that shei had in^de 'a great tnistabe. V'. 'aia telling '^rue' things • 5 therefore I irill idd- that I no' idea liow ^re'at that, ifaifeftake.''' A felitipus Incideiat ob'curred. 'Yohng'Winmei'e, niisinterptietmg the ex-, terror tranquillity which proceeded from a philoBophic mind, asked nib one day; ,to dine at an inn, and/ after dinner, being • flushed,.jjrith 'wine, laid the forefinger of, his right .hand Upon his hosie, and imparted to me the sublime fact, thsit he was fooling Agnes, that his social position made it of course absurd,—that is; criminal, according -to bi8 views—to think of such an allianca; atid that what ho intended was, not the impropriety of a marriage'with aucli a girl, but the pleasantry of her riiih." ' "What did you do'then, air?" cried Hedingham. " My course then, young man, was what yours would have been. It was that of proceeding, at on ia, and right on, to a great crime. I know not by what infatuation of confidence or vanity Winmere was led to make that confession, : and to make it to me. But our dinner glided off, like a dissolving view into a duel the next morning. I was hit in the ribs, and I have the mark to this day. Curiously enough the forefinger which he had laid upon his nose was shot off; he could never more fire a pistol with precision, unless he gave the left side to his opponent. Tne seconds pronounced the affair over. Unable to write, I Bent a verbal warning to Agnes, by my own mother, and before I rose from my sick bed I heard of her marriage with Winmere. *' In course of time I also heard of the birth of her daughter,—the young lady who, but now, stood in the doorway of this room. " In order to be very brief, I will tell you certain facts, without troubling you with the ways, marvelous though they be, in which I afterwards learnt them. Study the game of the Twenty Questions, and you will solve the mystery. " The extraordinary endowments of Agnes, both personal and mental, would have made such a wife an ornament to a Duke; nay, a help to him, or even to an Emperor, to-«ay no more about ornament But our amiable friend Winmere was faistidious. This was his town-house, which I hold, though not very long, by purchase. When lie closed the bargain with my agent, he little guessed to whom he was Selling the place. 1 have his signature to the contract; and I may say it would be better written, in point of caligraphy, only he wanted a fiiger through former interference of the pistol of the unknown buyer. Well, he did not treat poor Agnes as she merited. He recognised in her no ornament, or help. For example, he had a habit of beating her. You perceive that the brass binding of that old sideboard is loosened; and hark, at this very moment it is emittiug a puculiar noise, a sort of wailing song, which it learned on first acquiring its vagabond manumission from the enforced mechanical decorum with which it formerly clove to the old wood, and clung to its place. A blow which would have been death fell on the aideboad instead of falling ou the wife, all owing to tbe inopportune and unexpected frenzy of assistance which the lovely child whom you have just beheld brought to her mother. And that quaint old mountain of furniture talks, mutters, sings and moans, ever since in a style quite distraught and tremulous,and terror stricken Immediately afterwards Mr. aud Mrs. Winmere, with their only child Agnes, went to tbe country, and dwelt in a little cottage, which the husband of my escaped, banished, ruined Egeria had procured. One day, in this spot, she was weeping over a letter, when Winmere came suddenly into the room. I must mention that the marriage with Agnes had been a very private transaction. There had been no wedding, none of the customary festivities. With the exception ot the parents of the unhappy girl, the parson who officiated, his old clerk orsetton, and two special witnesses, not a soul was present At the celebration of the event. *1 he whole company, yon will observe, made eight persons, including* the bride and bridegroom. Of these eight persons three only were young—Mr. Winmere, about my age, (at that jocund era of my days,) Agnes, and one of the signatory witnesses/a maii iamed William' Austin: i'his individual was' Winmere's .pvirn'body servant br ' valetl' f HU " coll'eigue th" the office of attestation wis not, like him, young^it 1 w« tho ~po6f d»*f l&tdtftF; nuree, .v/y. _ Jane Saunders—then past sixty. As for the parson, he was st that epoch an octogenarian, and he died the next year, in the spripg, being fallowed into futurity by his old dotard sexton the very autumo. succeeding. No sooner was the ceremony pver than the wedded couple went over to Wales : and I will do Winmere the justico to say that he treated his wife well and fondly for the first three or four weeks. His barbarities commenced not till the second month. What is very singular is, that so far fTom interposing any difficulties to the poor girl's possib'e coamuaication of complaints or rei'ininyr* to her aged parents, he seed to favor that proceeding in every cjnceivable manner. Sometimes, after a couple of months of systematic and unintermitted persecution, such as a husband, if so inclined (and, if so inclined, such as a wife also), can, by nameless nothings, inflict upon a partner fur life—tor lift>, indead, yet, in such cases, not necessarily for long—be would oJ.lly enough, suggejta visit, on the part of poor Agnes, unaccompanied, to her father and mother, who wen now fast descending together to an aged grave amid the d«solations of Chatsworth range. Wha ever Mr. Winmere's motive was appears more clearly to the All Seeing 1 Ruler than it appeared to Agnes. It was when the present Agnes was about twelve years of age that her graud parents died, the widow surviving old Chatsworth not quite three months. For some years she used to weep a goo! deal, and her eyes were not dry till they were closed for ever, for she had set much store about the fate of the only child she had ever had. I may just allude to it. The preference of Agnes Chatsworth for Charles Winmere over Harry Blamfydd was never sanctioned by any similar prediloc of her parents Sorrow yielded its consent; fear superseded the sorrow ; death relieved both feelings; and Agnes Winmere was an orphan wife, to whom her peculiar husband was no countervailing solace. ' Remember, my dear child,' the mother had said to her on the wedding-day, ' though you are married to a rich man, your only property now is that plain gold ring, and a mother's prayers.' (To he continued.) Wreck of the SibWm. Wallace.—The following are tbe particulars, an fur as we . could glean, respecting the wreck of this vessel. The brig Sir Wm. Wallace, belonging to this port, bleared out at Three Hut Poiut a short time back, and on the 18th March, while on her way to Melbourne, she experienced yeiy heavy galea from the S. E., with foggy weather. She brought up at Fawcett's Island, between Clark's Island and the Main, and while ther<?, the chain parted and she went bodily ou to the' shore, and iti less than two hours had six feet of water in the hold. All hands then got on shore, rigged tents, and theu returned and saved what they could from tbe wreck. After remaining two or three days' they crossed iu boats to Swan Island, whence they were taken off by the Glencoe, with the exception of four seamen, who remain at the wreck. The master, two mates, and five of the crew arrived here by the Glencoe yesterday. dyrihire Express contain a thrilling narrative of the loss of the steamer Earl of Carrick, by Lyon, one of the two survivors. After describing the striking of the vessel, he says:—"About five minutes after this, the Earl struck on a suuken rock off NharbyF Point, the Isle of Man, about a quarter jf a mile distant from the mainland. The quarter boat, intowhich the stewardess and the boy M'Guffie had gone, was attempted to be launched ; but the after tackle being cut through, the stern suddenly fell, and the boy was* precipitated into the sea, and was never afterwards seen; but Miss Cameron was res- A Fortv Minutes' Fioht for Life.—The cued, aud brought safely on deck. After beating onthe rock for about twenty- five minutes, the Earl parted in two, when her bow canted to the port side and went down in deep water; and as the captain, David Bailey, and James Caminelly were not subsequently seen, Lyon believes they must have perished at this crisis. Of the eleven who remained, M'Mil- Ian, the chief engineer, and James Watt, each of whom had previously provided himself with a life buoy, were washed overboard, along with the stewardess. Watt alone succeeded in reaching the shore. From half-past five till eight o'clock, the other members of the little band clung to the stem of the vessel, the sea dashing so heavily over them during the interval, that at the dawn each looked round with eager auxitly to learn the fate of his companions in miafoctune. At the request of Campbell, the second engineer, who was beginniug to give way under the bitter cold, Lvon wrapped him iu his oilskin coat, and, by clasping hi in to his breast, sucr ceeded in imparting as much warmth as enabled hi» benumbed hands to retaiu their hold. Despairing of the possibility of a rescue being effected by a boat from the shore, Lvon announced his inteution to the others of. making a bold elfort to swim to land. On this becoming known to his comrades, by whoni he was generally dissuaded from the attempt, Capt. Paton, who was comparatively calm and resigned, said, 'If you reach the shore, John, remember me to my poor wife and daughter, for I have little hopr of being saved.' Divesting himself of his sea boots and oilskin leggings, be threw liis waistcoat OTer the stern as a signal to the spectators who crowded the shore, and allowed himself by the next ware to be carried into the water* and by strong swimming, eleared the current of the ahip yrith difficulty. Iu about forty minute* he safely reached the shore, . although much bruised and" exhausted, the landing being effected 'by a rope, ; which was thrown ham from Vjutting roeki The. first news he heard oi . those he/ hid -behind jbim m?. .thfct 'they had be*n gradually swept from the wreck, or had dropT peel' opon's ~ by one thrtufh coid and exheuatio* •ooa after hie depsrtnre." 