ALL SAINTS' OHüROff, PRAHRAN. The foundation-stone of a new church, to be known as All Saints' Church, was laid at Prahran by Bishop Perry, at 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The site of the church is at the junction of Chapel and Wellington streets, and the building, when completed according to the plans which were exhibited yesterday, will be a substantial and tasteful edifice. The architect is Mr. Nathaniel Billing, and the builder Mr. C J. Glynn. A large concourse of persons, among whom were several clergymen of the Church of England, were assembled on the spot at the time announced for the commencement of the ceremony. After the appointed religious service had been completed, the Rev. J. H. Gregory, minister to the congregation, read the following scroll, which, with the current coins of the day was subsequently deposited in a glass jar, and placed within the foundation stone : "In the name of God. Amen. To the glory of the most holy and undivided Trinity, and in the honor of All Saints. The first stone of this church was laid by the Right Rev. Father in Christ, Charles, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on the 8th day of November, the octave of the Festival of All Saints, in the year of Salvation, 1868. " J. H. Gregory, minister of the parish. " Trustees : Geo. Stephen, Kt. " Thos. Black, M.D. " Alex. Geo. Dumas. John Dudley. " Wm, Cann. "Nath. Billing, architect. "Christopher Joseph Glynn, builder." Mr. DUMAS then presented the Bishop with an ornamented trowel and mallet, praying that the Great Architect of the Universe might bless the work about to be undertaken, The BISHOP advanced, laid the foundation stone with the usual form, and said, "I pronounce the stone of this church, to be known her war units was late owing,, to it. -at all truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The Bishop offered up a prayer for the welfare of the church, and a hymn was sung by the assembly. The BISHOP then addressed the meeting, saying that he had the utmost pleasure in at tending that day to lay the foundation-stone of All Saints' Church. Such a duty was one of the most agreeable he could perform, with the exception of those appertaining to his spiritual office. The Church of England hen was in a very different position to what he was at home. It had here no legacy from the past upon which to depend, but proBperec or declined according as it was supporter or neglected by the generation with which it had immediately to deal. In the same manner as private individuals came out to this land to carve out for themselves an Independence, so was it with the Church, trees planted to this soil and bereft of the support which surrounded it in the mother- country This generation had to emulate the ex -'" set by former generations in Erl"' Rnip.- . WS'aac and to perpetuate? an enduring and lift giving church. 'they had to accomplish! a task to which they were little accustomed and to which some of them he feared were little inclined. Of the blessings which God had vouchsafed unto them they must not hesitate to return Him a portion. They must rather esteem it a privilege to be enabled t do so-and a privilege it was, in the highest sense of the term. In consequence of what they inherited from their ancestors i England, they were too apt to forget the' duty to the Church in the new circumstances under which it was placed in this colony. ; they neglected this duty, however, they rate but lightly the blessings which God has showered upon them. He would not lay too much stress on the subject of their giving their plenty to Christ's service, because, as minister of the Church, he might be thought to be speaking for the benefit of himself at brother clergymen ; but he was bound not to keep back from them the fact that once they gave that essential and practical evidence of their love for the Saviour who sacrificed himself for them, their religion professions were of little worth. They ought to acknowledge the claims of God upon the cheerfully, and honor Him with their substance as well as in every other way. The people were multiplied from year to year and the ordinances of the Church ought not to be withheld from them. He was happy I know that something was done, but it is little in comparison to their wants. Rous and public buildings were rising on every side at an expense of hundreds of thousand of pounds, and thousands of persons we gathered together in places where there w, no edifice erected for the worship of Christ Complaints of this were frequently made himself and to the clergy, but the members the Church wherever located must bear i mind that this was their work, and that the were answerable for it if it were not per formed. Churches and ministers would 1 plentiful if God put it into the hearts of H servants to contribute towards their main tenance They could not but lament, under any consideration, the lack of ministers the Gospel; but they must lament it the me when they knew that it was especially noted able in that branch of the Church of Chrl It made him ashamed to witness the progress made by other denominations fewer in not here, but more fervent in their Beal, and mc Sensible of the obligations under which the were placed, He was thankful they had best that work, and hoped they would carry out to a satisfactory result ; but they won have to be earnest in the cause, and she their earnestness by their exertions. He km not individually those he was addressing ; know not whether they were wealthy for me but in the sight of God it mattered not what they gave, provided it bore a general proportion to that which God had given to them. He trusted that ere long that stature, through their efforts, would be completE arid prayed that the blessing of God might bestowed upon all their labors. Dean MACARTNEY then addressed a meeting, and offered up a prayer for t welfare of that congregation and of the wh< Of the Church. Mr. DUMAS sold that four or five years a he remembered attending service in the place in a schoolhouse, when about 1 persons were present. Now a schoolboy was erected capable of holding 400 or fi Versone ¡ but this was found to be insatiate; and hence that church was commenced. With the assistance of the members of the 1 ( lunch residing In Prahran the trustees hoped to be able to complete the work. Prahran had increased rapidly in wealth and Intelll fires, and it was to be expected that the prosperity of the Church should Increase with it. The estimated cost of the church was JTS 000 ; but it was only intended to construct tee-half at present, and this, costing £4,000, it was expected would meet the wants of the congregation for some little time. £1,109 was already subscribed, and annual Subsorlp i lore were promised to the amount of £403. Be hoped the members of the congregation would continue to exert themselves, so that the trustees might be able at an early day to open a portion of that church for the glorification of Providence, to whom they were indebted for all the blessings which surrounded them. The ceremony was concluded with a hymn, and the Apostolic benediction. A collection was then made for the benefit of the building i fund of the school. 