ADELAIDE RACES, 1858. Stewards=Hon. J~ H. 1'isher, Hoc K.-C.-Gwrrmv and Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.P. Judge— Mr. C. Lron. Starter— Mr. W. FU?atc. ' Sicosd Dit : Tsrass.tr, Apsil 11 Another nne cay. msaa very lew dropj ct rain— not tnffident to liy the dust. The Grand Stand wu much fuller thin on Wednesday. The company included numerous msrcbexa of U-Ui Houses of Parliament, and th«re nere many more ladies present. The Couse was crowded, the namber of persons on the ground being considerably erciier ihxt en the previous diy. There was a hige collection of vehicles of every kind, and a fair proportion of equestrians, both mile and ftmala. Among the former we noted the Hon. Chief Secretary. The refreshment-room mi ajain very liberally pro vidid, and the tables were repeatedly surrounded by ladies and geutlemcn, all of whom seemed well pleased with the catering of Mcs-ra. Aldridue X Bajstcn. Tbe rations booths which lined ths Coursa to the northward ot tbe Grand Stand appeared to be extensively patro nized. The raring was, for the most pirt, good ; but we are wrrj to record an unfortunate accident by which tbe well-known horse Highflrer, formerly called Grinutone, lost bis life. He male a false leap at one of the fences, in the Hurdle Race, and fell with so much force upon bJa head, that he died a few minute* afterward?, having ilso broken bis thigh. Voklu)?, who was riding him, had a violent tall, aud it was at tint supposed that he srat teverely irjored; but he soon regained his con Kiousne; a, having tuppily escaped with no more perma nent mifchlrf than a few bruises and abrasions. A lemewhat similar mischance befel Simpson with Sham rock in tha same race. He had a severe shaking, but it Is still hoped that he may be able to ride Jupiter in the Publicans' Purse to-day. mn tin Maiden Stakes.— For Jones dropped in the colony which have never won public money; a sweepstakes of 3 guineas each, with — sovs. .idtted ; one mile. Tbe winner to pay S guineas to the fund. The second hone tosave his stakes. Two years old, 7 st ^ 3 yean, 8 at.: 4 years, 8 st. 10 lbs.; 6 years, 9 st. 6 lbs.; 6 yean and and, 10 st. Mares and geldings, allowed 3 lbs. Mr. C. Scotfe bk m. Swallow. 6 yrs. (Low) ? 1 Mr. Wm. Filgate*s git The Dustman. 3 yrs. (Spenser). 2 Mr. IL Fisher's ctajn. Sidney, 6 yrs. (Milk) ? 3 The following also started, but wtre not placed:— Mr. Telford's brJi. Amelius, 3 yrs. (Ferjrusoo). (Simpson). Mr. John Baker's dub. Bed Deer, 3 yis. (Sedsley). Mr. W. Hall's b.b. Lanucrcost, 3 yrs. (E. Hall). Mr. Edward Cartwrighl'a dLg. lLbentasher,40r6va J. Cartwright). Inheritress jumped off with tha lead, but Swallow passed her instantly, and soon afterwards Queen of Trumps took the second place, which aha kept u far as the half-mile post, where the Dustman and Sidney rushed by her, and the former challenged Swallow at the straight nmnlcg. A. smart race ensued between the two. Swallow winning by a head. ▲ length and a half betwera the Dostman and Sidney. Time, im. 63*. ' aiOOID ZAU, Queen's Plate— For hones dropped In the colony; a sweepstakes of 10 guineas each, with — aava. added by the Jockey Club, Heats one mile and a halt The winner to pay 10 guineas to the fond, Weiifats same as Maiden Stakes. - Mr. W. H. Former's bkjtn, Black-Eyed Susan. 6 yrs. (Powninjr) ? „ „ i \ Mr. P. J. Frost's bfcg.Pbantoa, 4 yrs. (Simpson) 4 1 Mr? Win. Filgats's cfaJi. the Kiug oT MoruUa, S yrs. (Harvey, Jan.) ... „ ? „ 3 3 Mr. Robert Low's r«. Alkthe-Go, 3 yrs. (Fer guson) ? _ .„- _ #:# ) 4 tint Heat— Morialta wm first at starting, with the roan close upoa his quarter, and this posiuon was un changed for two- thirds round the Coarse. Then, as Harvey and Ferguson were punishing their nags, Pown ing, who was without spun, and had not used his whip, shook the mare together, and dashed suddenly forward. at a most tremendous pace, leaving all behind him, and winning by some eight or tan lengths. Simpson, who was running third, pulled up half down the rfutanif. and Morialta came in a length behind the roan. Time — S minute 62 seconds. Second Hear,— AU-the-Go led for about half a mile, when he was passed by Susaa and Phantom, who re mained nearly together to the straight running. There the mare rushed forward, and won by three lengths. Time— 2 mlnutea S6 seconds. tans uci. Hurdle Race.— For horses uf every denomination- a sweepstakes ;of 3 guineas each, with 40 aovs. added: beats one mile and a half, over four post and rail hurdles, 4 feet 3 inches high. Ths winner to pay 3 guineas to the fond. Three years old, 9 st 7 lbs.; 4 yean, 10 it. 7 lbs. f yean, U st; 6 yean and aged, 11 sr,7 lbs. Mr. A. Payne's b^r. Long Dog, aged (Johnson) ... 1 l Mr. W.PUgatebr^. Shamrock, aged (Simpson)... 3 2 Mr. Crann g.g. Highflyer, late Urimstoos, 5 yrs. (Powning)^, ... ? ^.0 0 First Heat— The three made a beautiful start, and the first hurdle wu broken through by Highfljer and Shamrock nearly together, the 'former having a slight lead. Long Dog cleared the fence in splendid style |nnmytinf»ij tflej them, without availing himself of the np, Shamrock was tint over the second hurdle, with Highflyer close upon his heels. Long Dog refused, but took the leap afterwards. In the run uphill the grey and the brown were nearly neck and neck, and they came to the third fence together. Shamrock being ootside. Highflier swerved against him in taking the leap, and drove him outside the balk. While he waa turning; -Long Dojr went over the bardie, and thus Shamrock, who took it immediately afterwards, wu throwa Into the third place. As Highflyer came to the last fence he swerved, and Pownlng used his whip. The hone Immediately rose to the Iesp, taking it sideways, and his fore feet caught the post He fell violently upon his bead, rolling on to his rider.and Long Dog went over the fence, with Shamrock^oa his quarter. They raced in. Long Dog winning by a length. Higflyer died a few minutes afterwards from the injuries received in his faU. Pownlng. though stunned at the moment, waa not materially hurt. Second- Heat— Shamrock led over the first leap, which Lang Dog also took, breaking down the top rail. They crossed tne second hurdle nearly together. Shamrock, whaled to the third, refused it, but took tbe leap after taming round. Meanwhile Long Dog gave him the go-* by, and went over the fourth leap with a lead of from 60 to SO yards; Shamrock: following at racing speed, to regain his poridao, struck all his tcct upoa the fence and threw his rider. Mr. Jewell caught him and rode him to the post, but Lang Dos; wu there already— winner of tha race. 10UITW. SACK. Haas Huraie ttace.— ror uumunea nones tau sever started for any advertised race. except hack stakes; a sweepstakes of 1 guinea each, with 10 aovs. added; same court* as hurdle race; catch weights; post entrance. There wereno entries fbrthisrace,anditwu determined, after same delay, to substitute a flat race, and defer it to tha nest day. With the exception of the accidents to Powning and Simpson, we heard of no casualties ; but it wu said that a man among the crowd fell down In a fit of some kind. The most perfect order and good horcour prevailed, and everything w*nt off agreeably. Tbe events for thla day (Friday) will be u follows, commencing at half-past U-o'oloekt— - rust aaca. . . ' , \ . Ladles' Purse.— For horses of evert A~in*j,t*mH£, . -a aweepstakes of S (ruineas each, with — aovs. added. Heats oue mile. The winner' of tbe Town Plate or Queen's Hundred to carry 7 lbs. extra.: the winner to pay 6 guineas to the fund. Two years old. 7 st 7 ibJ. ; 3 yean, 8 st 3 lbs.; 4 years. B st 7 lbs.; 6 yean, 10 st 6 lbs.; 6 yean and aged, 11 st Mares ana geldings allowed 6 lbs. , Mr. Ironing's b.jr. Paddy, sged. Mr. W. Simpson's bs. S*rk, agrd. Mr. W. H. Kormbj'a bk.m. Black-Eyed Sasan, 6 yrs. Mr. Isaao Hall's bjn. Sally, 3 yrs. Mr. C. Scott's bk.m. Swallow, 5 yrs. M. E. Cartwrighf s bk.ro. Black Bess, 4 yrs. ' . 8IC0S9 X10B. Publicans' Pune.— For bones of every denomination; a sweepstake* of 10 guineas each, with — to*s. added. Heats two miles. Tht winner to pay 10 guineai to the fund. Weights same as Town Plate. Mr. John Baker's b.g. Jupiter, aged. a Mr. Robert Low's bjr. Bendigo, aged. xxiasu.es. Beaten Stakes.— For all bones beaten duirag the meeting; a *»''*»t sweepstakes of 3_guineas each, with — sovs. added. Heats one mile. Th* winner to pay 3 guineas to the fund. . VOUBTK XIOK. Hack Race (In lieu of Hack Hurdle Race).— For un trained hones that never started for any advertised race except hack stakes ;'a'iweepstakea of 1 guinea each, with 10 ton. added. One mile and a half heats. Catch weights. Post entrance. ' ' Thx Ladies' Pttbsk.— The meeting yester day evening at the Glob* Inn was pretty faUy »t»i«it'\ and six exetilent bones wen entered. Their aunts wOl be found in the proper place— at the oanclmton of oar race report Glkxslg Jrrnr.— ? On Thursday then ar rived at the Jrtty in course of cmstractioo at Gtcnelg two barge* from Port Adelaide, with material for the comple tion of th* structure. The cargoes were landed with the greatest JacUitv. Accedkst to Mb. Ibbetwhc.— Our Koo ringa correspondent writes : — ' On Monday, the' 13th, the Rev. Mr. Iobetson met with a s-rious accident a few miles from tho Burrs, his horse baring stumbled and thrown hisa, falling heavily on him st tie same time, and breaking three of hit ribs. The rev. gmteman wu taken home in a bullock-dray, and Is now doing well under tbe care of Dr. Majue. It Is hoped that nothing serious will result from this very untoward accident M the rev. gentleman wu on his way to visit the several stations In the north under his oharjc*. The 'TnrBS.'— Of its history and its trophies we have not tpaci to ipak, nor indeed do we know enous;b. We hive no Introduction to the my*- teriesofPrinlinK-Housc-tquare. We have teen rentle men who enjoy among their friends the reputation of ' writing for the Tima.' though we question their claims to the honour. We kave been assured that this article wu written by Mr. Cranky, because his wife wu not invited to Lady Palmeratoii's partiei; and that became Mr. High had obtained a Government office. We have obterred— more , however, some years a?o than at present— a kind of unity of style in the articles, u if they were written in some coses by young men of talent, and corrected by an old hand. In particular, scarcely one leader usei to be without a quaint application of Scripture phrases. But, however this may be, or the general excellence and mirrelloaj ability of the Timei there can be no doubt. It has been censured as unprin cipled—it has been termed democratic; jet, on the great ?.uestions of Ike Church, of University education, and many others, it has taicn a sound and moderate line. It Is rarely personal— never immoral or irreligious. It forms a national ti3to or good English. Day after day It fliugs upon oar breakfast-tables may. of transcendent merit There are men among th; crowd in London who can write with the nerve and succulence of Junius, with the pure Enzliih wit of Swift, with the majestic siring and exuberant fancy of Birke. Macailaj has nothing more sparkling. Berkeley nothing more beautiful. Gib bon nothing mure ornamented and cpirrammitic than tne leaders in tne ixmet. we nave read articles occa sionally that were patriotic and thrilling u the speech of Pericles; ome fen— soch as that on the confirmation of the Princess Rjyal— which had the gravity and piety of Hooker. It is some thing to rise above the slipshod of penonal polities. It is something to have the nvnd of the nation tinge J with the colour of minds which have all the air of tbe best society that tha human intellect can give. It b something to read contemporary history, and to view questions of the day as thej are written by men who have learned to think from &o; jrreat masters of anti quity. Aristotle, Plato, aad Thujcididescrop out through the Tiuift. Iu essayists are generally men into the soil uf whose intellect the leaves of ancient and modem lite rature have rotted, and mode it rich and teeming. It has been said of Captain Sterling that he first brought tht Ti-ifi into prominence by his facility of ' icdaciog into leaders the multifarious babblement of every dar.' It must be confessed that it often exhibits the rarer spectacle of passing events, paujcJ by immutable prin ciples of experience. Grant that, if it often leads, it sometime IoIIoto public opinion— grant that it b not always co'.isiitenl, that it helps ministers into power whom it al:o assists to overthrow — yet, it is marvelous that soch poircr should exist among us; more m:r veUous still, that it should be brought together six days out of seven with unfailing punctuality. The prover bial irregularity ef the s*Uies of genius is bronjfht under tbe yoke. The editor is never at a loss though the indolence of a Stcele, or the fastidiousness of on Addisoa, haunted by the ghost of some nsppier ex pression. Tbe quantity is as surprises; as the mitter is generally excellent.— Dulli-i Uniceniti/ Mvgvine fir January. C?' Messrs. Green & Wadham request us to call special attention to their sale by niftier*. thi« day, in the Land Matt, of freehold and leasehold properties situated in town, snbuibs,anU country. Forpvtwalan setsdvertUeaeots, 