REVIEW (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Congregational Independency in New South Wales, and Presbyterianism compared. Being an Address de- livered to the Presbyterian Congregation, Balmain, By (Rev.) T. A. GORDON. Sydney: 1858. The annals of this colony already present to us re- peated instances of ministers of religion who had come out from the mother-country and been settled for some time in the colony, in connection with some particular Church or religious denomination, publicly denouncing all connection with that Church or denomination and attaching themselves forthwith to some other. In the year 1841 or 1842, two Presbyterian Ministers, the Rev. James Allan, and the Rev. John Gregor, being offended at some decision of the Presbyterian Synod of Aus- tralia, to which they then belonged, in a case in which, they were personally interested, declared in the pre- sence of the congregation of St. James's Church, Sydney, that "they were warned by the HoIy Ghost," to renounce all connection with the Presbyterian Church, and to accept of reordination from a Puseyite Bishop, the late Bishop Broughton. Whether the movement in this case was a movement "forward," or a movement "backward," we shall leave the reader to determine. In the year 1846 or 1847, how- ever, two of Bishop Broughton's own clergy, having actually got ahead of their bishop in the common race to Rome, viz., the Rev. Mr. Sconce and the Rev. Mr. Mackinson, publicly renounced all connection with the Church of England and "passed under the yoke" to Archbishop Polding. The Rev. William Jarrett, the first minister of the Congregational or Independent Church in Sydney, is now a Presbyterian minister in the neighbouring colony of Victoria; but, as if to preserve the equilibrium, his successor, the Rev. Dr. Ross, had made a precisely similar "move," although in the opposite direction, before coming out from England; Dr. R. having originally been a Scotch Presbyterian and a Presbyterian minister and missionary in Russia. In all these instances the change was confined entirely to the pulpit, and did not extend to the pews; the minister "coming out" by himself, and leaving the people precisely where they were. But here is "a new thing under the sun;" for both minister and people come all out together—the exception being so few as rather to prove the general rule—and come out, not only renouncing all connection with the particular Church or religious denomination to which they had previously belonged, but sacrificing, in so doing, a large pecuniary interest which tbey had in the common property of the body, rather than have anything further to do with it ! Now, there must be something grievously wrong and rotten in "the State of Denmark," before matters could come to such a pass in any instance what- soever; and as we have got a hint or two on the subject, beyond the amount of infor- mation contained in the modest unpretending pamphlet, of which the title stands at the head of our article, we mean to point out distinctly what that some- thing is. The fact therefore is, that as all things earthly are subject to change, there has been a change passing over the spirit of the dream of colonial Congregationalism or Independency for a long series of years past. The "theory" of that peculiar system of Church government is, as all the world knows, a pure democracy, under which "the people," or "the majority," have the rule, and that exclusively. But, like many other beautiful theories both in Church and State, there is very little of this theory visible in the practice of those who profess to act upon it. To tell the plain, honest truth, Congregationalism or Independency in New South Wales has for many years past been a mere Venetian oligarchy, in which a few purse- proud patricians are everything, and the great body of the people absolutely nothing. In short, Congregational Church government in this colony has become pretty much like what the wit tells us is the case with matri- mony—a mere matter of money! But when either individuals or communities get upon an inclined plane in this way, there is no stopping in their downward course; and, accordingly, the Congregational oligarchy of New South Wales has, although like other famous oligarchies of which we read in history, resolved itself into a regular triumvirate; the Congrega- tional triumvirs being our old friend, Mr. John Fairfax of the Sydney Morning Herald, Mr. Ambrose Foss of the pestle and mortar, and the Honorable David Jones of cloth measure and the Upper House. There were two triumvirates in ancient Rome—the first, under Caesar, Pompey and Crassus, which naturally resolved itself into a virtual empire (not the Sydney EMPIRE) under Julius Caesar; and the second, under Octa- vius, Mark Anthony and Lepidus, which resolved itself, quite as naturally, also into a real empire, under Augustus. Which of the three Congregational triumviri is destined to the same high and commanding dignity, in the event of the only additional change that remains to come over the dream of colonial Congregationalism, it is not difficult to divine. All the prestige in the case is in favour of our old friend, Mr. John Fairfax; the pen and the printing press being much more efficient instruments of warfare than either the pill- machine or the yard-measure. Besides, it will be in perfect accordance with all the political antecedents of the Sydney Herald clique for Mr. John Fairfax to put an end to the sham triumvirate at once in some such imperial language as this: "Hang the democracy! L'Etat, c'est moi, I am the State!" In one word, the Sydney Herald and its anti-liberal and anti-democratic clique have, for many years past, been the evil genius of colonial Congregationalism. Both in politics and in religion they have uniformly been the grand obstructionists of the colony, standing perpetually in the way of the march of improvement, and identifying the religious body whose character they belie and whose name they disgrace, with all that is servile in politics and mercenary in religion. We shall be greatly mistaken, however, in our calculations of the future of that respectable body, if the end of this system is not impending—if the Balmain case will not at length open the eyes of all concerned, and bring about some- thing like a revolution, which can scarcely come too soon, in the whole system of colonial Congregationalism. The Rev. T. A. Gordon arrived in the colony, we be- lieve, in the year 1652, having been sent out under the auspices of the (Congregational) Colonial Missionary Society. He had been educated—in the languages and philosophy—at the University of Glasgow; and—in theology—under the late eminent Dr. Wardlaw of that city: and his testimonials, from the professors under whom he had studied, and from the various eminent ministers, both Presbyterian and Independent, were of the most favourable character. On his arrival in the colony he was invited by certain inhabitants of the Murrumbidgee district, where some of his relatives had been residing for many years previous, to settle in that district as a minister of religion; but, at the earnest desire of the committee of the Congregational Mis- sionary Society of New South Wales, he was induced to remain in Sydney, and was eventually stationed at Balmain, where he gathered a considerable congre- gation, and formed a church of the Congregational order, in the year 1853-1854, from which he received a unanimous invitation to the pastorate of the church, which he accepted. Contemporaneously with the effort ot Mr. Gordon's congregation to erect a Congregational church, of a modest unassuming character, at Balmain, the Congre- gational Church Building Society was formed, with a prodigious flourish of trumpets, in Sydney, under the presidency, we believe, of Mr. Fairfax. This was a master-stroke in the policy of centralization, and it wrought accordingly—neutralizing and destroying the independent character and action of the local body, or congregation, and subjecting them to the despotism of the denominational oligarchy or triumvirate beyond seas (we mean beyond Darling Harbour) in Sydney. The master-spirit of the Church Building Society refused to assist the Balmain people except through the Society; but before granting assistance, the Society had to be satisfied with the plan of the church and a plan was accordingly fixed on, in accordance in some measure with the Imperial yearn- ings of the Oligarchy and Triumvirate. The congregation were induced to subscribe £1000—some portion of it payable by instalments over five years—to the Society, in return for which they received a grant from the Impe- rial exchequer of £1000, and a loan, without interest, of £2000 additional, on condition of their raising another £1000 themselves. The estimated cost of the church was £4500, but, in consequence of the erection of an awkward looking spire, which, in our opinion, is anything but ornamental, the actual cost hitherto has been £6630. The spire was quite an unnecessary appendage, and the congregation, as far as we can learn, did not wish to have anything of the kind, especially in the first instance. But a little delicate manoeuvring at the central board is always sure to carry it over the interests and wishes of the mere democracy, and the spire was erected accordingly. But notwithstanding the prodigious flourish of trum- pets aforosaid, at the inauguration of the Congregational Church Building Society, it soon appeared that there was an awkward vacuum in the chest; and a mortgage had accordingly to be given on the property to a well known Sydney money-lender for the very awkward sum of £2500, at the very moderate interest of ten per cent. So much for the honour and glory of a Congregational spire—£250 a-year, not of revenue, but of debt! This is almost as good as a debt of two or three millions for the colony, and nothing to shew for it but the honour and glory of having been blessed for a time with the late Donaldson and Parker ministry. In addition to this weight of debt, there is a further sum of £80 still due to certain benevolnt persons in Sydney. We have no desire to ask these good people to forego the regular and accustomed interest for their money, under such circumstances: we only wish they may get it. Of the £1000, which Mr. Gordon and his congregation were to raise in pursuance of the original agreement with the Church Building Society, they had actually raised, previous to their recent seces- sion, not less than £880, of which only £163 in all had been raised by the few individuals who, with the countenance and assistance of the society, had for some time previous, been moving heaven and earth to oust Mr. Gordon from the church ; it being at one time intended to give it to the Rev. Mr. Beazley, and at others to anybody else that would take it. But like the Dutchman with the cork leg that went by machinery, and that carried him away with it round the world, when it was once set agoing, as he couldn't stop it, these Congregational conjurors have been far more suc- cessful in their secret work than they expected, having not only got Mr. Gordon out, but the congregation also. In short, both minister and people came out together, thoroughly disgusted as they were at the unworthy treatment they had experienced from the Congregational oligarchy and their tools of the Church Building Society, and declaring themselves forthwith a Presbyterian Church and congregation. They have since erected, "on a piece of ground," (as the Greek barrister said of his client's estate) "no bigger than a Lacedæmonian letter," a plain, unassuming, but highly creditable, com- modious and comfortable building, which is well nigh paid for already, and which they expect to open as a Presbyterian Church within a month hence. The pamphlet, whose title stands at the head of our article, and which we recommend to the reader's perusal, as he will easily obtain a copy of it at the book- sellers, consists of the Rev. Mr. Gordon's address to his congregation on the interesting occasion of their re- nouncing all further connection with the Congregational body, and becoming, as indeed not a few of them had been from the first, Presbyterians. As a specimen of the pamphlet, and in proof of the correctness of the facts and circumstances we have stated above, we insert the following note:— In order to justify the position I have taken, I have been forced to make these statements; but it is with the earnest hope that they may be instrumental in stirring up the Congregational Churches of this colony to resist the unconstitutional influence of this would be aristocracy that has grown up amongst them, not only to rob them of their sacred privileges, but what is far worse, of tha character for purity and unworldliness, by which their sister churches in our fatherland, were, at least, so generally distinguished. Let them study well the particulars of our history as an Independent Church, and they will see that the influence brought to bear upon us by the ruling party in the denomination, was unchristian both in its object and in the means by which its attainment was sought. The cause in Balmain, from small beginnings became, in the course of twelve months, one that was regarded as likely to be, and that very soon, the second in the colony. But, unfortunately, the minister gave offence to a small party in his church, because he dared to question the consistency of professing Christians in frequenting the opera. As soon as the Rulers in Sydney, who had set a very questionable example before their brethren in this matter, were made aware of the fact, they determined to avail themselves of this occasion for driving the puritan to the interior; and for putting into his place the right man (in their estimation) who had just failed to get into the right place. All was arranged for com- passing this object, in case the minister should turn out intractible. The first effort was to secure a money grip on the chapel, and this was done during the absence of the minister, by the building committee, in which the dissatisfied clique happened to have the ascendency. They resolved to borrow £2500 at 10 per cent. to build the spire, and complete the chapel in all respects, which they had previously determined to leave unfinished for some years. The next movement, the object of which was to induce the minister to resign, was made at a private meeting, to which all the members of the church were not invited. The only tangible reason assigned for the wish to get rid of the minister was involved in the assumption that he was "not social," afterwards amplified into the more definite charge, that he "did not like music," and was "not sufficiently conformed to the world." The next effort was to secure the eviction of the minister, by tampering with the terms of the trust deed, as originally approved of, a fact which was happily discovered by the minister beforo the deed was executed. Afterwards, the few who had been instrumental in troubling the church, seceded from it: and henceforth the un- hallowed object was pursued, in accordance with some such amiable injunctions as the following:—"Represent that the cause is not prospering," — "talk him down," —"starve him out." An attempt had been made previous to this secession, in the Committee of the Congregational Mis- sionary Society, to withhold the annual grant of £200 towards the Church, but without success. During the succeeding year, first one individual, and then another, was received to the fellowship of the Chnrch, by letter of dismission from a quarter that should have excited suspicion concerning these men. The oligarchy bad now secured secret and unsuspected agents in the Churoh, one of them a most deceitful and a most efficient one ; but apparently unwilling to leave the matter entirely to such instrumentality, another effort was made in the committee to withhold the annual grant to the Chnrch, which issued in suc- cess, after the adoption of a course of procedure on the part of the general and sub-committee, perfectly Russian in its character, and calculated to set justice and all Christian principles at defiance. "The present state of its finances, and the unseats- factory progress of affairs, at Balmain," were adduced by the committee, in its resolution, as the ground on which it refused to continue the grant. Whatever the state of its finances may have been, two gentlemen, members of the church at Balmain, were given to understand at a previous meeting of committee that in case they should induce their minister to resign, the committee would entertain the application of the church. "The unsatisfactory progress of affairs at Balmain," is a phrase of con- venient ambiguity. There can be no doubt of the fact, that the gentlemen who framed that resolution were dissatisfied with the progress of affairs at Balmain, as it was so different from what they wrought for and intended, and that they wished others to infer that Church affairs there were not progressing. They well knew that the returns sent into the committee by the Church and its treasurer were correct, and manifested a progress which might be justly termed extraordinary, if measured by the strenuous and unscrupulous opposition which had to be en- countered. They knew that the annual grant to the Church came far short of paying the interest on the sum borrowed to complete the chapel—a debt unnecessarily imposed on the Church by indivi- duals of their own number, and others—their confederates— acting in another capacity. They knew that the Church had been virtually a self-sustaining body from the time when it removed from a tent and a private room to the new chapel, although the opposition had previously commenced. They knew, also, that this was the first instance in which an Independent Church in this colony had attained a self-sustaining position at so early a stage of its history, and yet they dared to insinuate in their resolution that its progress had not been satis- factory, and to perpetrate an act which they must have regarded as calculated to endanger its continued existence. They supposed that the main body of the congregation would weary of contributing to the payment of the interest on a debt which had been contracted without their concurrence, and would object to supply, in addition to the salary of their minister, the heavy expense which had been rendered necessary for rapairing the damage done to the church by a storm. And they even flattered themselves with the hope that the Church, under the combined influence of desertion and pres- sure, would give up its minister, in order to secure the aid of the committee—a hope that has met with the realization it deserved. And why, it might be asked, all this unrelenting persecution, terminating in this unrighteous and suicidal act, when the reso- lution in question speaks of the intended victim of their proceed- ings in the following terms :— " In coming to this resolution, however, the committee desire distinctly to express their confidence in the high moral prin- ciples and pure ministerial character of the present minister." After mature deliberation, the church gratefully accepted the offer of its minister to give his services gratuitously till the ex- piration of the time allowed for the payment of the mortgage— eighteen months from that period—when it hoped to be able to liquidate a portion of the principal sum, and to procure tho remainder at a moderate rate of interest. But when such of the repairs above referred to, as were more urgently required, had been completed, and the churoh was beginning to indulge the hope that it had entered at length on the enjoyment of a season of repose, it was aroused from its fancied security by threatened proceedings on the part of the trustees to deprive the minister of his pulpit, and by an effort on the part of tho oligarchy's previously unsuspected agents in the church to in- duce it to rescind its acceptance of the minister's offer, for the purpose of forcing him to resign. Those two individual managed to get another member of the Church to act with them in this matter, and their conduct, which it would at once be painful and difficult to characterise, forced the Church to out them off from communion. The members of the Church by this time felt the impossibility of carrying out the principle of Congregational Independency on conditions so unnatural They had learned from experience to fear that all means would be employed to harass them from with- out, and to introduce traitors into their fellowship ; and having already suffered so much, they felt a justifiable desire to take up a position where they might serve their God beyond the reach of such annoyance. They resolved, therefore, to vacate the chapel, and to give it up to the trustees ; and ofter having done this, they declared themselves to be a Presbyterian communion. This unparalleled movement, and the fact that only two seat holders refrained from joining the church and congregation in taking this solemn nnd important step, have furnished an emphatic and a practical contradiction to the false and malicious representations circulated by men calling themselves Christians, that the services of the minister, who was standing between them and the accomplishment of one of their cherished projects, had ceased to be acceptable to his people. There had surely been some unprincipled people connected with the mechanical department of the building of the Congregational church at Balmain ; for independently of the great injury which it sustained (and which it certainly ought not to have sustained, if it had been properly built at first), from a storm, it can scarcely be got to hang to- gether, and has had to be provided with some such ap- paratus of iron rods as is used in the case of people labouring under a disease of the spine. In short, to use the expressive phrase so frequently in the months of good people at home in bad times, "the church is in danger," and we wonder that such a sensible man as the Reverend Mr. Cuthbertson would have ventured into it without insisting upon some previous repairs. To conclude, let the Congregationalists of New South Wales, for whom we confess we have the greatest respect as a religious denomination, break their degrading yoke forthwith, and assert their freedom at length like men, like Britons, like Christians as they are. Is it not notorious that their ministers are almost uuiver- sally the mere creatures of that Venetian oli- garchy or Triumvirate that rules over their body, and can scarcely venture to call their tongues their own. In proof of this fact—and the circumstance, we beg to add, is thoroughly disgraceful to the whole Congrega- tional body—have these ministers not hitherto been as oilent as Church mice on the grand politico- religious question of the age; that question of transcendent im- portance to this colony, that has everywhere else stirred up the whole Congregational denomination from its lowest depths, the question of the discontinuance of State Aid to religion. Will any Congregational minister in New South Wales venture to deny that his own dis- creditable silence on that question in times past, has not been dictated by his fear of John Fairfax and Co. ? We pause for a reply. 