VICTORIA TURF CLUB RACES. The opening day was satisfactory in every respect. The weather was clear and sunny, tempered with a delightful cooling breeze, aud the races were suffi- ciently interesting to sustain the curiosity of the spec tators, and satisfy the lovers of racing, for, although the fields were numerically small, the racing was of a very satisfactory character. The turf, after the late rains, was in splendid order, which made the running as good as could be desired. The Grand Stand was honored with the presence of Sir Henry Barkly, and was well filled with a large assemblage of gaily dressed ladies, which added much to the animation of the scene; and the vast number of people on the course showed that the noble sport of racing which had drawn them together, had lost none of its interest or popularity. Vehicles of every description, from the airistocratic turn-out of some of our Australian nobs, down to the trip of the costermonger, were ranged along on both sides of the course; and for a first day the attendance was certainly large. Punctually at the appointed time the starter, Rawdon Greene, Esq., conducted the competitors to the starting post for the first race - the Victoria Plate— and ordered the jockeys to fall into their respective places, according to the numbers they had drawn. They were formed with little delay, and expectations were entertained that they would be got off at the first attempt. In this hope, however, the spectators were disappointed, but at the second time of asking, they got off upon pretty good terms. Six out of the eight colored on the card started for it. Woodpecker was most fancied for it, andwas backed for a considerable sum. Alice Hawthorn and Flatcatcher were also spiritedly supported by their friends; the latter, as will be seen by the account of the race, successfully bringing his backers through. The Derby was the next event but it requires little description, only two horses out of an entry of thirteen accepting for it, and one of those that did accept, evidently from his appearanee, quite out of form, and totally unfit to run, so that it was simply a canter over the course for Mr Austin's horse. The Spring Stakes came next, for which several of the horses were much fancied, and were supported accordingly. It was unquestionably the best betting race of the day, very short prices being taken about several; but the first favorite, who undoubtedly p0s-. sesses a first- rate turn of speed from the way in which he cut down his field of horses, proved too good for anything in the race. The Hurdle Race came next in which the winner proved himself by far too good a class for anything in tho race to have a ghost of a chance. VICTORIA PLATE. To start at One o'clock. A sweepstakes of 10 aovs, with 150 sova added for all horses. Weights— 3 yra old, 8st ; 4 yrs old 9st ; 5 yra old, Ost 121b ; 6 and aged, lOst 41b Distance, two miles. Mr Austin's gr g Flatcatcher, 4 yrs, ... (Mitchell) 1 Mr Lang's igrg Woodpecker, a, ... ' (Lang) 2 Mr Chirnsides grin Alice Hawthorn, a, (Hogg) 3 Mr Jenkins's ch g Voltaire, a, ... (Simpson) 0 Mr Keighran's b g Fusileer, 4, ...(Holmes) 0 Mr Bvans's big Othello, a, ... (Mahon) 0 The following were scratched :— Mr Henderson's bl m Blink Bonny ; Mr Gf. T. Howe's b 0 Mariner. Betting: Even, Woodpecker; 2 to 1, Flatoatcher ? 3 to 1 ; Alica Hawthorn ; 4 to 1, Othello. At starting Othello jumped off with the lead, bnt before they arrived at the turn (some four or firs hundred yards) Woodpecker had run into firat place, with.O.thello second, Voltaire third. On passing the stand. Woodpecker was «till in front about e length, with Othello second, aad Flatcatchor about two lengths behind him, the others well up. Thoy continued in thjs position passing the gate, but ongsing alongthafar aide, I1 Jatcatcher passed Othello, and at every stride was gaining on the leading horse, and on their going under lli? hill was within a length of him.,. ' Coming round the iurn they were racing head and head., Alice Hawthorne had by this time run into, third place. In.the straight run home Flatcatcher, who was admirably written by Mitchell, gradually came away from his horses, and won very easy by six lengths, Alice and Woodpecker making a fineTacofor second place ; the norae ju»t managed* to got home first by a short head. Fusilier wag last but one, and Voltaire last of all. Time, 3 min. 58 seo. THE DSBBT. ? ? Half-past One. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each ; £5 forfeit if da ? olnred on or bsforo Tuesday, tho 2nd November ; with 125 soys, added -for three 'yr. old. Distance, ,- oue mile and a half. Weights, 8 st 5 lb. Mr Austin's brcBrownljck ... ... (Button) 1 Mr Bath's bl c Packenham ? (Waldock) 2 The following paid forfeit :— Mr Pimson's b 0 Loddon ; Mr Siinson's b f Wimmera ; Mr Simson's b f Bungund^re ; Mr Simson's b f Weo Pet ; Mr Sim son's b f Phildis ; Mr Austin's ch c Nimbla Toe ; Mr Green's br f, by Cotherston ; Mr Bathe's b 0 The Saddler ; Mr Tracey's b g Echo ; Mr Trace's b a Wah Pawaman ; Mr Milrick'a b f by Premier. Betting : 5 to 2 and 3 to 1 on Brownlock. Pakenham got off first by a couple of lengths and was leading past the stand, but the running was im mediately after taken up by Brownlock, who cantered the remainder of th'a distance, winning by any number of lengths.— Time, 2in 5Ss. SPRTKQ STAKES. ? Half-past Two. A sweepstakes of 8 sovs, with 100 sovs added, for all horses. Weights : 3 yrs old, 8it 51b ; 4 yrs old, 9st Clb: 5 jrs old, lOst; 6 and aged,1 lOst 41b. Distance, one mile and three quarters. Mr Kelly's b in Wait- awhile, 5 ? (Perkins) 1 Mr Lang's gr g Woodpecker, a ? (Lang) 2 MrG. T. B-owe'd b g Gratis, a ? (Higgerson) 3 Mr Coleman's ch g Red Rover, 5 ? (Waldook) 0 Mr Wilson's b m Maid-of-the-Mill, 6 (Glazebrook) 0 Mr Hefferson's b m Beeswing, a ? (Smith) 0 Mr Warby's br hLouis Napoleon, a ? (Bentley) 0 Mr Chirnside'a b g Partisan, 4 ? (Simpson) 0 Wild Irish Girl was scratched. Betting : Even, Wait-awhile ; 3 to 2, Woodpecker ? 3 to 1, Gratis ; 3 to 1, Maid-of-thc-Mill ; 4 to 1, Red Rover. . Louis Napoleon got off first ; was also leading past the natd by a length, Red Rover second, Woodpecker third. Going along; the far side Lang put tho stca-n ua, ana iook wooupeclter to the front ; the others well up, with the exception of Wait awhile, who wns six or eight lengths ? last; bu1; before passing the hill he mads up his ground in a most surprising manner, and quickly ran throuuh his horses, and came round the turn racing with Woodpecker, and eventually win ning easily by three lengths, the first raco having no doubt taken the steel out of the grey hdrse. Time 3 min 22 sec. CORIHTHIA HCBDLH RACE. Three d'clock. A Sweepstakes of five sovs each, with 100 aovs ndded. Victorian Turf Club weights. To bo ridden by members of V.T.C., tho Committee of the Jockey Club, or office-s of the Garrison. Heate ; onca round the course. Mr ?H.wley's gr g Pioneer, aged, 12«t 71b, Mr Evans's bg Orlando, aged, 12st 71b...(°Bvaiis) 2 Mr Groenaway's b g Sam Slick, aged, 12s 7st, Mr Watson's b h Templar, 4 yrs, list 71°b, ,. „ . , _ , „ ' ' (Mr Strachan) 0 Mr Hoggs b g Rob Hoy, S yrs, list 131b, ,,„.,,„. (Mr Hunter) 0 Mr Fisher's 1 oung Shamrock was scratched. Betting : 5 to 4 agst Templar, 2 to 1 agst Pioneer 3 to 1 agst Orland*. 4 to 1 agst Sam Slick. First Heat.— Orlando got off: with the learl and alib crossed the hurdles in front of the stand first with S»ra Slick second, and Pioneer third. The* latter, who is a first-rate f-mcer, at the gate took up the running, and was never afterwards headed win ning, hard.. held., by. a.^qaqn lengths, Sam Slick second, Rob Roy third. Templar bolted during the race, and was distanced. Second Heat —Batting : 3 to 1 on Pioneer. This was a repetition of the previous running. Pioneer at starting went away with the lead, and wa3 never passed, and won as he liked.- Orlando second. 