r..''0CHB yxc'jtoniA.-!*- jtookeym' '??.??'? ???; AsmoccAxio*. A sosond meoting of tho principal jookoys «n our turf was hold at tho Union hotol, last Monday evoning, and a : full attondanco amply proved tho interest taken in tho objects proposod by tlio association. Two or tliroo woll-kuown ownors of horses took the opportunity of being prosont, ai well as somo other gentlemen who wishod to signify their approval of tho contemplated regulation. Jlr. F. D. llamilton was called to the chair, and immediately proceeded to b Harness by readinjr a Bet of rulos which ho had framod, as reciueated at tho former mooting. Thoso woro put singly to tho voto, and aftor flomo slight modifications woro adopted nem, eon. as tho primary regulation! of tho constituted body. Several of the mombers prcsont made uioful remarks on tlio future individual and colloctivo conduct of all parlies concerned, and Mr. Gauloy also wave Borne sound advice. Tho talking part of tho ovoning's business being over, tho secretary proccedod to onr.d the names, and tako tho subscriptions of those prtsont who wero qunlifioil to become members, and it is a good omen of success that sn many availed thomselvos of tho oppor tiiiiily. Tho liberal donation^, moreover, of bucIi gen tlemen as havo alroady answered the call inado upon thora, are an ampleguarrautoo that tho Victorian jockoys wjll havo true fiicnds in thoir employers, so long as 'industry and honesty' is their motto. ''? A oommittoo having boon olectod, Mr. Samuel 'Wai- dock vory aonaibly aud ini]iro3sivoly called upon thoso accopting oflico to boar in mind that it was not suflioient to havo the more designation of a committee man, but that the duticn undertaken should bo faithfully fulfilled. An oirly day having boen fixud fur tho ofUcials coming together, tho usual voto of tlu-nks was given to tho Chairman, and the ovening was conoludcd in a highly agroeablo and satisfactory manner, l'or our own part, wo congratulato our racing artistes on having ovinced bi determined and united a feeling in thu formation of thoir 1BO1111 isouont vjiud.1 vro apponu cuo ionics aua l^ogu- , lations, aud tho namos of proiont' memborj and Bub scribqrs. .?'. . ??':..'????? ?????:'?-???*- ft KULES AND nr.OULA.TIO!IS OP THE yiOTOIlIAJf JOOKEtS' ! ?? ??'.,;?? ?? .Association.'1 .? . ; .!-.'?»? f j 1\. That the jockoys present at: the prcllm!n»ry moetlnE held at tho Union hotel, Maroh Jith, und who.thon 'aiid there.enrolled their names, be considered members of tho I association on tho payment of the subscription nominated, j Carried. ' ' ' ' ? ' V ' '? .? J : £ -: ? ? ; i | 3.' That the annual subsbrlptlori' bo L.5, half of; which! bei paid on bco«minK a member ; und.thd remainder be due oni the lstdayor October,. 18S8. .In follo)Tlnir years, thepay-f mcnLs to 00 duo on the 1st day of March, aud, of. October.' Carried. -. .. -. ' ? 1 ' './?,??': ??? -. - ??? 1 3\. Anyjockey,not paying, or causing to be bald, his sub- 1 scrlptlon within one month after It bo duo, to loso nil claim i to tlio bcncllts of the association. Carried.'; '?:.???- . ?. : ?-, r ?- t.i'rht subscription money to bo paid bythe Treasnrer (fur! the timo being)] into one of the .Melbourne banks, to tho; crcilit of tho association. Carried. ,?.'.. ' ? ,. ... '. ,' ' 5\. A committee of flvo Jockeys, to bcappolntcd at-n general; half-yearly mcetlngof the members (called by advertisement),: wliloh commltlce uliall acUudlcnte on nnr matters brought/ before them— three to form a quorum. Carried.' : -: 'I 0\. The committee appointed at this present meeting to. decide what weekly itlpcnd shall be allowed In cases of iTck ness or accident, lot tho ensuing half-year. Carried. , ?. That any' Jockey wishing to beconie a member.' must either bo proposed, accondedj and elected by n majority at a general meeting, or his name be submitted' to the com-: mlttcdfor the time being: Curried. ? ..;?:. :: V. ; 1 8. Any member who may meet with a casunlty when In a state of intDxIcatton. shall not be entitled to the bcncIHa of flm njinnlntlnni Itla --n«f» lintvovnr rniifftilin dill V f*nilHirI(-rpil by the cdmmlttco. .Carried. -.,„.., ', ' 9\. Any Jpckuy becoming disqualified on the Turf for mal-: practices, shnll alsa be subjeot to' be expelled from this association— If the committee for the time being deem his conduct unfitting for a member. Carried. . - ?? .???.'? ? 10. In case of iluatli, tho committee to allow such sum to-, wards funeral expenses as may be deemed rcquMto. Also; In case of death of wife or child, should a member he In re duced circumstances, a contribution from the funds be allowed towards funeral expenses. Carried. '? ' i 1 u. The metropolitan oluij»--vlz., the Turf and Jockey Chilis —having aoknowletlged a certain rate of payment for mounts as due to a Jockey, any accident happening to a member riding under other tcrm.i sha 1 subject him to his own risk. Ilia case, however, shall be brought under tile notice of tho committee.' Curried. ' . ' .'' : ' ' '' ' -\ ? 12\. Any order for payment of monoy muit be signed by three of the committee, arid cheques must bo signed by both treasurer and secretary.: Carried. ?'? . ??? ? . -i ? .. 1 13 Any. person uubscrlblng L.10 In ono sum, or L.5 annu ally, shall become an honorary member of the association; but such lionbary members, bo they dwners of horse.*, trainers, or otherwise, shall have no oratrol in tho miinaje ment of the association, exceptlnjrxuch as they may exercise by tho rlghtofupetchatany general meetlnir.. 0 rrlirf. ... 1 14\. That this association 00 utrictlv maintained for mutual benefit In cases of Mckneas or accident, and that no extra nooua matters bo cntcrtainixl. . Carrlod . 16\. 'Flint Mr. .Tames ITeuderEon bo the ticasurer for the ensuing half-year. ? Carried. ? ???????? in. Plmf '\ff .1? T* Frnmllfnn ho thn mwrntirr. flfirrlnu. ? U1 Anv membor, or other person, requiring to communi a.ito'WltH'tlio*commltt*c} -mu»t. address JtUo.- seerotary^ at BeWtliliiniictorla. .. .-....'.' ------- .-- ? . rnESENT nr.MHEna. . ' ' Samuel nolmes.' Paid. . William Jarrctt. raid. \ Jnseph Smith. .Paid. Jumes Monaglmn. Paid. Thorn is Jfolouey. Paid.' Thomas Hayes. : I'ald. ? Knbort Mitchell. Paid. .r James Wilton. Rild. . !' Stenhen .Mnhon. Paid. , John Perkins. Paid. Samuel Waldock. I'ald. Thomas Hutton. Paid. ? Joseph Carter. Paid. Patrick Dnivllng. raid. ? William Murph/. Paid. ? .Charles Kdwards. Puld. 1 olin Darby, raid. ? ' Andrew Hurdle. Paid. : John Oorry. Paid.- - - ? ??? ? : : PRESENT UOMOnARY XEMURtlS. . J. Ganhy, Esq.. Ul ?. ? Mr. J. Nathan, L,5. H.-N.'SlmBon, Esq., L.10. Mr. B, .Tciilfns, L.5.- Fold. '' J. Orr, Esn,i L.10. . Me. ,T. Kelly; L 5. . :.?,: Mr. W. Lang, U10. 'Paid. . Mr.W.'Trtt9cy,'L.5. Mr. J. Connelly, 1*8. ?' ' :?::* ??? ? ?? ? Tlin following wero elected as tin commlttco for the first. h:ilf-ycai:--'-Jfi!Mra. Joseph Smith, Thomas Hayes, James Monaghau, Stephen Million, and Samuel Watdoolc. Avoca, Races. Tho programme for this mooting is publishod in another column, '-'and will doubt luss induco good sport on tho days advprtisod. . TjibStai.lion Moiiris.Dadoer — Thisrocently im» ported blubd-horso has bocu privately sold through Moaats. Ilondarsou ' and Co., of Watsou'a bazaar; but is, wo licar, still in tho inarkot, and om bo bougLt throuih the above well- known firm. ' ' ' . Easteb Spouts at Baixaahat. — ~Wa rater onr rcadeiB to tho programme of events, which appears in our advort'uing columns, to oomo off at tho Turf hotol. B illatirat, on Ea3tor Monday and Tuesday. Tlio bill of furo includes Btcopleobasiug, hack raoing, pony rasing, foot-rnciiijj, etc, oto. ; and from the maiinor in whioh the Christinas Bpotts passed off at tho same spot, wo antici pate a couple of good days' fun. IitroiiTED OA'rir.R.— Mr. Jaiiios Iloridonon sold a fino IJiirhsin eow, on Monday last, for £60. : Sho had boon inilked nil throngh.a rather long voyage, and was tboroforo not in full flesh ; but sho presented pninta that wero deserving of muoli liotico, and Mr. J. Purcell had no dear bargain. A splondld red Durham bull (a ojlnur now becoming fashionable), oallcd ' OriuiBon,' was alBO sold at Watson'B bazaar, through Mr. Dal. Campbell, for C175, tho puroha3or bolug H. Phillips, ttsq., of. (Joelong. ' ? '?''.:' Walkover and Camel. — Tho inatoh botwoon tlioso steoplo erneks is 6(T, tho owner of Camol having paid forfoit, as it does not suit him to roina-u in Molbomiu. Whatovor dpmion somo jooplo may havo formod from tl.n lnl-'ii' minffirfnnAii t\t (luinnl ' via linilnvn ho would Hfclll piovo tho most daugorous oross-country horso in Victo ria, wo: 0 he allowed tho twelvemonths' spell ho has bo honestly oarnod. -Vs for littlo Walkuver, with his united pluck and luck, it is nover aafo to 'tin 'rfgihut him and ilk uook-OMiothiug ownor, Johnny Abbott. Public !Sport8 at Poiitland.— St. Patrick's Day was celobratcd by a scries of sports on the PortUud Ciioliot Ground. A'fow ontorprisiug aentlonion liad collootod a fiind out of whieli to award prizes to tho successful comiiotitors. Tho trials of nklll oousistod of foot raciuir, leaping, putting tho Btono, throwing tho light weight and othor national games. A l.irgo crowd was aVseuiblod on thoi;rouud, aiid witucssod tho spurts with groat interest. , .The competition was vory Bpi ritod thrjughout, and the wholo games afforded a vory oxliilar.atiug day's amusoraont.— Portlani Guardian. ItiL-TRKATINO A llAOB HOUSE.— John Tunihtall ap 'poireil at the Polico Court on Friday, to answer a oharjo of ill-trotting a race-horse. Tin prisoner had tho caro of Batuorahius, and when paasiug tho Sydnoy hotel, ho without any nppirout provocation, struck tho animal across tho oyco with.a whip, nnd iufliiitcd much injury. Jfr. Tilko witnoaiod tho outrago, and gave tho prisoner, who was drunk, into ouatody. ? Mr. F. Stcphuu prose cuted, and tho. prisonor was seritoriced ' to imo moiith'a iiiiprifioninent,' with hardilabour. ? Tho Atayor thanked Mr Tilko for his oonduotin tho ihattor. ' ' ' MODKDTV'ANU CoN DiEao,^-A match for £103 a Bido, all of whioh is pistod, hasboeu made botwoeu theso two hornos, and is to come off on Monday tliroo weeks. , The terms nro, one mile, on tho Melbourno courao ; Mr. A. ureon to riuo iuo'iuavyi nuu iur. l unuur w nun uu uv/n nag. Wo fauoy tho venue will havo to bo changed to I'.merald Hill, as it is uncertain whether tho Mo'liouruo ooumo 0:111 bo had ; but the. 'convincing ground' must bo a matter of uttor indifieronco tooithor oontraetiiig 1 arty, so long us it is convenient to tho town. Woro tho woight* ovon, tho matoh would bo n gift to the groy inaro; but'Mr. P. ha3 the advantage of soino tliroo fttoni!, -t thoruabouts, and atanda a ohanco of fairly boat ing tho flyer. . ...'?' ' Coustuv PliOOl»AM5lT!3,'— In looking over' tho nu-1 niorouH country programmes appearing in pur ooluinns, wo oannotrbut ooinplain at th» pertinaoity with whioh; i-.li.i1r iirnmntorii Hliok totho old fashionod plan of heats. aiid entrance money. If tho objeot bo to keop nway all Iiomsb from a diatanoo, and to uttorly- provont tho owuora of tlioso on the spot from .' fobbing' any oloir wimiiiigs, then U tho result mo.-it suocesBful ; for to Ir iin and ' travel a horao to. run for a 53 sovb plato, for whioh t.-n pi'r cout cntranco is charged, besides a qualification feu of 801110 3 nova, ia vory much like apomling a guinov to L'tt a pound, llaelng is, of courso, a lottory to a cer tain (logroo: but tho. moro liboral tho plan of draw ing, tho moro BubBoribors,will frooly ooino forward, jiiu oilonlation of Iobh will bo littlo carod for in. tho p ospeot of Rain. .Boariifg this in mind, wero a'l gottora- up 0 :oountry ineethiga to mako entrances added, thoy wouli havo as many hordes to onntoud on thoir coursos, and. thiir fuiids would oonsoquontly bo iuoroawd by thoox teudod number i of uub?orlb.ora. Whilst, thoroforo, oarnostly improssing the nocossity of adopting tho Uburol rulo in which tho yiotorh Turf Club havo mcotBifully eot bo oxoolleut on oxainploi.wo would also: beg our country friondu' to pruno nway/t-aM ami all othor m jurious branchoi from thatr.:|)rograintnes, aail to run strictly iiiidor tho rulos of oae or other 'jf our metropo litan clnba. Bbll's Guide to thk Viotoriam Tunv. — The nocossity of a book of roferenco for all past races of the year, as well as a liat of the winners of two and three year old raoea for tho last ton yoirs or bo, is so selfevi dent, that wo havo doterminod to publinli a ' Gniilo to tho Victorian Turf,' immediately on tho oloso of tho pro nont Bcaaon. With this handbook will bo incorporated the rules of tho Itaoing Clubs, s-jvoral important ox tracts from Admiral Hous, and othor matter iiortinent to our turf. The prico of tho work will bo euoh as to place it within tho means of all, nnd we have overy confidence that we shall bs a'ipportod bytho sporting public in the heavy. eipouBa tho ' Ouidb' will cntau upon ouraclvos. . The Importrd TiioROuntr-nniro Frask — This aplondid stallion has boon purchaood by Mr. W. Robert son, from Mr. Thomai Scott, of Adelaide,'' for 000 guineas, and has arrived safely at Portland, on routo to bBquito Plains, whore ho will st-in'l. Frank is by Ugly Buck,' out of Irregularity., Irregularity was fnalc'd in 18-11, and is by.Irish Hinlcatohoroutof Hulena, Holena by Turcoman out of Ito.l lloso. ' Frank U a rioh dark -ay; stands 15^ hands high, and is nino yoara old, hav ing been dropped in 1840. Ugly Buck won the 2000 guineas in 1811, and his sire started nlmoht first favouiitri for the momorablo Derby of that yoar. Ugly Buck was by tlio celolirated Venison, out of Monstrosity. Mr. Robertson deserves great praiFO for h'B spirited endeavour to iinprovo the brood of horses in his district. . The IIou.iiiH,— Ths long co»tiuuanod of sumnior weather 1 a put off tho commencement of tlio hunting ncaion to a later dato than usual, as Good Friday has generally boen the starling point ; whontbo lirat moot will take placo it' is impossible to say niyot, but most probably about the ond of tho prc-ont month. Whon evor it nlay bo, tho'advrnt 61 tlmir ' favourite sport will bo oagerly welcomed by tho gallant master and members of tho M. H.C., for already doos their anxiety for a' cro?s countrv Bnin. causo inanv a.riskof'trnRnutn. nk nr&nf.l.; cable road-side fences, when mounted on thoir favourite ' hunters, which just now are being brought into hunting condition. The hounds, u'ridor the ?'bnreful BUpervision of,Mr. Bignoll, aro looking well, and taking Rtrorijj, work ; and most nBsurotlly.will be as glad as''Niuirod'B! Ghost' when tho' timo' for tho' '' Chronidos' shall arrive.. Tubf REFOBM.-^It is' with . feelings of no ordinary gratification »o announeo that many importint aUera'- tionsin the oxistim law's; of, tho lurf nro in oontempla-' tion, 'which, if carriod out, will effect a' doairible rofor'm, in the administration of all mattera a'ppertain'ng.to tlioi turf. ,Tho, Jockoy Club',h'ayo appointcd|G6uoralPo'el, ?tho Hon. Admiral Eons, and'Mr. Grovillo to dfaw.up,a; now code of' tho ..Rules of Hor8» Racing, of tho Ru!o's; and Ordont of tho Jookoy Club, and nlsu of the Eul6» of Betting, which it ia intended (hall bo mado clear, dis-; tinot, and intolligiblo to all capacities— sweeping.away 'all theo;bwebs in the sha'po of ' recommendations' niid ris'jlutioiiB. Theso dpoiimonts, will bo laid before tho Jookoy, Clnb, . at a g'inoral meeting, for their approval, ' but the Jockoy Club will not interfere with the Betting Cudo. .which is left to tho sanction of tho committees at 'I attersall's an 1 Nowmarkot looms.— BcWs TAJe in Lon-\ don, Jan 17th.' ?,. , /- .:','. ? -. ., , .-,/.. ?. ',',..'.! ? T.. C. J)ERBY, OAKBS, AVDrLRaER.— An advert bo ment in our sporting colums will shew that .tho Turf Club are doterminod to imitate the p'.ans, and rirjilrtho aucos.is of the great throe-year-old races at homo. En gagemonts at a clio.ip oost mado, as yearlings, 'for certain' great oventB,havealreadvbeenproved as affordingsamauy. important advantages, that the subjoot ncola no dilating upon;, /i'hocain is 0 iual to' nil i:oiicoruod;.for breodora thereby obtain bottor' prices for thoir young, ktook: to entered, purchasers will be, induced to try, their chancos, i-nd tho publio will have large fields to speoulate upon.' Tho full pariiculars of tho torins for, ontry and running aro not fully docidod- upon bytho club, but thoy will Bhortly. appear; tlio n-iminationv howevor, will oloso on tho first 'July. Wo -believe, also, that it is, in con tomplatiim to rocoivo nomin itious at twoynars old for tli3 first Derby, Oaks, and Logor, by which means : tho great racos can bo eomiuoncod in November, 1.8G0. ? .TunB.v..PlRT.r— Tlioso' whbnrb curious to know whether ''» raoehorso can make liatlcr tirau on tho green turf (ae on theEhglish racecours:s) than in looao oarth, ns on tho traots of this country, will learn with interest tliat.it is tho opinion of Mr. Ten Hroeck, that tho turf ia decidedly the. fastest. If thi- be tho 'case, and wo have ovon,' reason to beliovo that Mr. Ten Unlock is not mifiUkon, ' the' prohlem of tho rolativo speed nfl'iltA ) ^ innvlMn1. nmi Tinrrliiili TfLr.nli-M.an ia afill ' nn. settled. Though Prioress won thd Ctesarewiteli at a very' haiidsoine flight of speed, aho was Btill several noconds behind her Amorican time. Wo should like to bob whero sbo would be in an. EnglUh field, if xho could mako her. Mctairio Course timo, with tha acoeloration' which is duo t-- the nprlngy English tn'rf addfid tO'ifoijTho itruth'\ is,\that. a fair tost cannot 1-o had of the relativo merits of 1'lngliali and American raco-liorB»B/ until wo have had two or threo seasons of oainpaigning, and until Ertgl'sh borBoa rotiiin qnr com-. imont, nnd try It Hero witn us. vt 110 Hpoina to tne GoorRia ohallengo ?— Porter's New York Spirit of the Times, Dae. 12. . ????''??:?.!.?? BitwuTOK Races.— Easter Monday.— Th'i plo - Bant, country trust tiikos plioo on Monday, a 1 duly an nounced, and wo havo littlo doubt hut that all tha sporting mon and ploasure soekorB from Melbourno nnd 10 vicinity, will flock to tlio favourite Brighton courao. Tor n holiday trip, wo krfriw.no more ntlrnotivo anot than 1 thia.musfbo j for 'thb-Bitmtion of tho running ground boiiii; iraincdiatoly.on the olovated bmk ovor. ooking tha foi, and the surrounding scenery being rea'ly boautif'il, thdro aro suoh opport.unities atlbnUd for a ploasant day's pio-nio, as our oitizons should gladly avail iho'iiisnlvos of. Tho arraniro'inonls aro under bii.1i man agoment ns will lnfluro uvorytbiug going off asrooably, and the liberality and divoreity of the programmo can not but guarantee first-rato apart. Snnio alterations havo boon mado in the course, whereby tho running is (jroatly imnroved from that of foimor years,. but to ut torly avoid cortain stumps and othor dangerous impedi .nontf, tho longth has boon shortened ; tho dUt.iuoes, thorefore, as iiret appearing in tho pro^rammo, it wi'i now bo obaorvod, are not guaranteed as absolutely oor rcot. Thb Bhano being nooo»Barily that termod a '? fry ing-pan coiirfc1, ' all raoing mon will undorstaud that it would bo impo.wiblo to bo exxot whore thoro aro firccd boiiqdarica at each end ; and it is certainly inoro advia ablo to run ovor all good ground, than to riik a sorious accident. Tho ' Bright™ hitol,' unler tlio oate ership of Host Parsons, is elose tobotliBtnrt and finith, and tho weighing will bo in the yard attached to tho houso. A lunoh will bo provided thoro, aud it will' assume tho position of a Grand Stand. Mr. Hose, of tho ' Dovon shiri Arms,' will havo a cunmodinHS booth on tha xtraigbt ruu-in, and wo must hero remark that tho said run ni ia now in a most superior plot of turf. Ainoiigit tho good things provided, tho Coiiuthinu llnrdlo Uaoo Bpcoially promises most bxcollunt fun, no hotter proof of whioh is neoslod than afforded bytho recont Bimilar ovont at tho Turf Club Mooting. By-tho-byo, wo are ronuestod to mention that punctuality will bo striotly onforoo 1 in starting, aa five r.icos, ono boing in boats, will fill tho nftoruoon up. Ono o'clook is tho timo for tho Maiden Plato. A steward's ordinary, in tho old 'homo stylo,' wilt bo held nt Roso's 'Devonshire A'rim'. in tho cvouing at . half-past six; nnd tho Btakoa will bo paid at tho tablo to the luoky winnors, on tho re moval of tlio cloth.: It will bo boot by advortiBomont that tho tiokots for tho dinnor nro only 7b. fid. each, and ns it will bo broad moonlight, thnro ought to bo nt lonst fifty sportsmen ?'. mnko a night of it.' Wo aro much .uiintnko'n in the gontlomou aoting as 'towards, if thoy do not Bat tho oxamplo of thoir pro'onoe.' ' The ontrie3 and handicap weights appoar in auo:hor part of our co lumns. ? . . -, ' ' Mr. Rawdos Grkene's Yeahlinos. — Tliroo pro mislrig colts, bred by llawdon Groeno, Esij., of Wood land -, wero put up to- auction by Mr. Jnmoi Hondirson, at Watson'fl bazaar, on Monday laBt. Tho sale having beon nnnnunood for aoino timo previously, tho attondance of sporting mon was vory largo, and wo oxpeeted to »eo a livoly oompotition forowno-shlp. IIowovo , nltliough the young 'uns wore moat highly admirod, thoro Boomed to bo a gonornl fear of 'oponlng tho mouth too wide,' and tho pridos roali-iod woro below tho mark wo had sot in our own minds. That this nroso from tho present turf arrangements not affording any oimagomouta for yoarllngit, wo nre fully oinvinced, as suoh noblo colts, and of suoh undouiablo pedigree, woul I havo boen oagorly snappod up, had they had Derby and I.i'gor nominatioiiB. Our surprise was that Mr. Greene pat ted With h'n favourites at nil, but wo aro now aware tint ho oxi- raisod sound diaorotion in allowing ^thoin to loavo his possoaBiiii), as tho fnot of, two of,. thora boing likoly to flgnro oil tho Indian turf will gnmtly onhance the valno of this gontlomau's stud when itB noble produoo is aeon. Thoro is no oxagjoratlon in stating tnai any ouo of the^o yearliiigB would havo attracted groat ndini ration nnd approbation at homo, and that, if thoy do no', raoo wall, naturo will ctintradict liorsolf. , Earnestly do wo h.ipe, nnd confidently do wo boliovo, that tho l'roluco Stakes, Duibios, &o.;,. now, oontomplatod, will bring, out ns likdylooking yearling outvies in another twolvomdnth or two, nnd that a oouplo of bundled pounds ur bo will never bilka sportsman of his fauoy. All tho colta nro by Proinler out of oxcollcnt damn, and thoyoxhibitod size, bono, innscle, and shapo i-noh as soaroe »ny colonial brod yearling has over yet ahWn. Tho first put up, Banjo, was pnrohMou by Col. Hobbms for .CJOtl ; ho is a light brown, full of racing points, lint tho smullest of tho tliroo half-brothers. Flying Jib waa also bought by tho oolouol, fur 1 1U«, nn-l a goon invest ment will ho bo if Bafely landed in India. AVo liuar it is this gontlomm's intention to keep both colts in this colony for nuothor twelvemonths, and to probably rim thoin in thoir two-year-old fnrmj after whioli- they will , try thoir quality abroad. Should thoy bo auocotnul, tho prooeditnt will bo highly advantagooua to out Aus tralian B.tuds, and Col. Dobbins will dosorvo our warmest ; thanks for his spirited spoouliition. . Main Royal, n ro mn,rka,blv fi'io upstanding nniuis), booamo tho property of.Mr. 'Kolly, at E170, and with ordinary luote during tho nox't yoar or two, ho will bo tho proprlotor ., of 1 tho .ftnoRt colt in tho , Uland; when of nn ago to run. ' Of oourso, |ip ia not uooossarily obligod to turn out a. raoo-hoiao,,but ho asanrodly ought to do so from nedl Broo.a,nd',appoaranoosj ut any rate, wo hopn Mr, Kolly will have tho saino luok as.folluwod hia owuoraliip of Groon Linnet. '.. . ' ? ;:. ., i '.-.- 