THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. THEATBE KOi'Alt. ProfosEor Andoi son contiuiics toattract crowdod house;, and his performances, so far fr.im becoming wcarysomc, appear to improvo upon repetition. On Thursday' he gavo a mid-day porformanco for tho juvouiles, which was woll attended. . , 'x^marcEss's. ' Hamlot' w as nlavcd ou Saturday, for tho henofit of Jir. Warner, who, of course, porforinod tho principal character himself. Whilo I ow pcoplo will hesitatoto giyo to Mr. Biooko tho palm in tho majority of Shaks poaro's charncters, tho Jlamlcl of Mr. V arnor is, in our opinion, almost equal to that of the great impersonator himsolf.. Tbo Ghost was played by Mr. lroland, tho well-known amateur, and tlio.M aro fowprofo^sionals in Molbourno who could hnvo acquitted themselves better. Tho farco of ' Tho Dancing Hurbcr,' with Hjdos in tho loading part, sent the nudienco homo in n good humour. Mr. Kogcrii mado his nppoal to tho public on Monday night, nnil preaontud his patrons, who wero not so nume rous ns wo could hnvo wished, with Turn Tayloi's ' Still Water Huns Uecp,' Warnor playing Mililmay, Vawoott Captain Iluml.cskll, nm\ ltogere Old Potter. Miss'Hor bert doserved cBpecial praiso for her dcluioation of Mrs. Sternhohl. Tho Odd-FollowB1 Dramatic Society gavo an enter tunmont on Tuesday cvoning for tlio purp so of raiiin; a fund for a library. Tho pieces played woro ' Lovu'a Sacrifice,' and ' 'iho Doublo-Bcdiled lloom.' . ' On Wednesday ovoning, Mr. Loslio took Iub benofit, and Mr. Hoskius playod Mr. Affable Hawk in ' Tho Gaino of Speculation,' Mrs. Hoir playing Maria Dxr linr/ton in ' A Boland for an Oliver.' Miss Emma Stanloy will appear nn Monday in her entortainmonf, ' The Soven Ages of Womjn.' FKOVIXCIAK. . . Geei.ono.— 'Lalla Kookli' is drawing good houses nightly, aud tho theatro in paying botTcr than tho management anticipated in their most eanguino mo ments. It is understood that Mr. Coppin will give a farowoll porfonhanpo in Gcelong. Bbndioo. — Botlithe Haymarkot and tho Shamrock aco doiug good businoss, tho chief attractions at tho lattor being tho dancing of tttrcbingcr aud Mis-i Karlo. liALT.AAUA'r. — Tlio opera company is Mill drawing goad houses at tho Cliailio Napier. 'Ncrina' was producoil on Monday la»t, and on Thursday ' La Son nambuln' was rovivod. Mr. Jolm Grcgc appearing, for tho liiDfc timo on Ballaarnt, at Count Itadolji/io. Last ovoniug 'Maritana' wai to havo been playoil, for the benofit of 'Mm. Hancock. Miss O'Reilly hns roturno;! to Ballaarat, and will nppear nl tho Montozuma ' with nn cfliciont company' this ovouing. It is reported th at Mias l'rovoat and Jir. llogi-ra nro to pay Ballaarnt a visit in a week or so. COJLOW1TAX,. HonABT-Tow.v.— Mr. G. V. Brooku's cngagomont horo hnving terminated, tho great tr.tgodian was nbout to proceed to Sydnoy, ac:ompauied 'by tho princ ipal momberHof tho company that havo boon playing with him in Tasmania. New ClKCUS.— A portion of what was onco known as Tnltersall'a, but which baa lately been convorted into a public market, ia to bo turned into a luppodromo by Mossrs. llpwo nnd Marshall. Wo wish tho now enter prise 'every possiblo success. Sia.von Cviolo's Co.vcKitrs.— Tho concert givon by this gcntlomiii on Wodnosday ovening at tho Mechanics' Instituto, was oxtremoly woll nttonded, and but for tho inferior quality of tha instrumouta em;)loyod would havo beon cntiroly Biiccefiful. Miss l'ifkington, a pinuist of great promise, undo her debut, niH left a vory favourablo impression on the nudienco. Hor touch is delicato, anil »ho plays with taste and feeling. Mibb O. Hamilton in Woinrittor's now piece, 'lloso of^Enjland, faro thoo woll,' was oncorod, whan with M. Coulou sho sang n duet from ' I Slaauidiori.' Tho con cluding rondo for two pianos, botn-ocu fjignor Cutolo and Miss Pilkington wjs very warmly applauded. 