THE TURF IN VICTORIA. JOCKEY CLUB FREE HANDICAP. In offering a few remarks upon this laborious and carefully considered compilation of weights, indicating the opinion of the stewards of the Jockey Club upon the relative merits of all the known racehorses of the colony, we desire to be understood to do so, not from any disposition either to detract or to flatter; but, inasmuch as we think there is some probability that the estimate formed by the Victoria Jockey Club will be made the basis of numerous handicaps throughout the country, as well as in the metropolis, we believe it would be an omission on our part were we to pass it over in silence. The handicapping a hundred and fifty horses so as to bring them all together on their merits is no light task even in the old country, where great facilities of com- munication enable handicappers to personally witness every public performance. But in Victoria, where the qualities of a large number of horses are only known upon paper to the majority of those whose duty it is to settle the weights, and where each is familiar only with a small number of the animals engaged, it is obvious that the stewards can have had no easy task. We were therefore not surprised to learn that many hours were occupied in determining the handicap, indeed, it bears on the face of it evidence of great care, and we are sure that all has been decided with impartiality. We are not, however, prepared to say that the handicap is perfection, although we consider it is, take it for all in all, very near the mark. To begin with the top weights. Cardinal Wiseman and Zanga; at 10st 1lb each, neither of them can have the ghost of a chance. It is true that the Cardinal was very lucky last year, and we cannot deny that Zanga, some three years ago, left the turf with a first-class reputation. Yet we cannot doubt that here the handicap- pers have paid their owners a compliment to the reputation of their horses which the quadrupeds would not merit in the race itself. The New Zealand mares, Zingara and Zoe. are not likely to show, aa they require some rest from their turf labours. Alice Hawthorn and Gratis, at Oat I llb ouch, have nothing io complain of. Their meeting in this race, which is not very un- likely, would excite great interest. ' Wo consider that Woodpecker, Ost 131b, Haphazard. 1st IOU), Mosstrooper. 9at 71b, Van Tromp, 9st 7lb, Samson Sst 711), and Othello, 9st 71b, are all weighted 3lh too heavily. Of the lot destined to carry Dit, lilituk-eyed Susan, Firetail, and Attila, aro strangers to Victoria. Mr G. T. Howe will have a good lina in his recollection of Black Jack, as tu what is good enough to win a freo handicap in Victoria. Orphan, Chief Secretary, and Gi cen Linnet, are also weighed at Sst. ' Of these we considor tho maru the " hest in", though wc hear nn excellent account of the Chief Secretary. Maria, an imported English maro, who has been in tho stud, makes her reappearance on the turf at Sst 121b., Her form, when in langland, was about good enough to win tho majority of our race*, bu*, we cannot believe ;in old maidens taking the skip- ping ropo in hand after years of disuse. Thu others, nt 8«t 121b. form a formidable quartet:' Touchstone, S yrs Flntcatchcr, Fusilier, nnd Chevalier, all four-year oldil. Of theso, we think tho two funner ur." tho " best in", mid fusilier, wh i is handicapped f>r lin last year's luck, has 6'b too much upon him. Wo may leave out of consi- deration Blackjack, ltoliertion's Iluphar.urd, Coornmin, Modesty, and Milgie. Flying Doe add Ked Rover figuro at 8st Sib each, and we should think thc horse's chance tho liest by a goo I half-stone. (Several Western District horses aro mentioned at between "at 71b and 8st 111b; but it is scarcely likely that their owners will run thom so far from homo. At tho same time we must remark thnt, if tho Western horses were as good as thoy aro said to be by some boasters in that qiinrtcr, this handicap would bc a. gift to them, and a caution to future stewards.) Tho best of those ot 8st 71b are Valentino and Bray; tho latter had a g»ud reputation as a three-year old. Of Yankee and Reverend Spurgeon, each nt 8at 61b, wo should select ni'ltlior, l'artisan, 4 yrs, 8st 5lb,s' pleases Hs better. Oioldfindcr and Mystery, at 8at 41b, cannot murmur with reason, any moro than Voltaire (if his leg bo right again). Cardigan is a bad horse, with IL better reputation than hu deserve«. Folly Buck. Capable, ami ll ¡borní» «rc strangers to our soil, and wo can only re- mark that tho steward* have not over-rated their quality, if report be true Dismissing tho two mares at 8st 31b, wo como to tho four-yr-old Sydney colt Templar, at tho same weight, mid his Now South Wales friends will bo thc best judges what chance he cnn havo at ' lh from Che- valier, and 22lb from Grntis. Minto and Wait-a-While have each 8st 2lb, and wo consider .tho latter horso 1ms about Sib too much on him. Alma and Glenelg, under 8st llb. aro very tenderly treated; but, ns wo do not believe in their standing n. preparation, ire mast puss them by. Brunette and Beeswing, Malvina and Wurhawk, havo each tho nico weight of 8st, but we do not funny any of thom aro of sufficient ijimlity to beat the Seid for this race. Union Jack' and Chronometer aro moro likely, but thc latter is a rogue. Old Mnradoo has shewn some running and nt 7st I llb he will probably accept, as ulso will Hur- ricane, if bis doubtful leg leaves his.uwner nay hope. Thu next forty on tho list are very favorably weighted, but wo think it would ho long odds against any of tho lot carry- ing off the prize. Mercuria and Undertaker have each shown a very moderato racing form; but if the Mold dwindled down toa very few starters, es will probably bc the case, tho best of the two would not run without n chance. Nîmbletoo, 3 yrs, 6st 121b, would be formidable, hut that this race comes immediately after the Derby, in which this fino colt is engaged ; and the same remark ap- plies to Pakenham, Brownlock, and others. If little .Lady .Struan were to bo sent here, wo should certainly se- lect her as one ufa lot to back against tho field. Inker- man, at 6st OM», is very favorably weighed, but the horse wants heart, and will not struggle when culled -upon. Aladamo Carandini, at Cst 4lb, is another specimen of an animal that ought to be able to race, but who never will make an effort. The dink three-year-olds are all " well in", if they arc good for aDytbing, but we wait for time to enable us to form a nearer opinion. The solitary two yeur old. Harold, will have to select his feather from the smallest of tho small, to secure any favorable prospect from the threo-ycarolds, at a little over Cst. If wo were bound to «elect a lot of twenty ngninst tho field, having reference only to the merits or demerits of the handicap, wo should select tho following for our score:-Alice Hawthorn, Gratis, Attila. Chief ticcreinry. Green Linnet. Touchstone, Flatcatuher, Flying'Doo. Iîed llover, Bray, Partisan, Voltairo, (Joldfindcr. Folly Buck, Chronometer, Mimbletoo, Pakenham, Lady Struan, Oona vam, and My i\Iary Ann.- llelt't Life in fictorla, 14th A ugust. [Wo published tho handicap in our last issue. -EDS B.L.S.] 