WOMAN AND HER WORK. LECTURR BY THE REV. DR. CHAPIN. (From the Aew York Tribune.) ?' Dr. Cliapin lectured to a large audience on Thursday night, at ,Mpzart| Hall,-' on; the'abqve subject. ; Nearly 'all the Alder-' men,. Common Council, and Ten ! Gover- nors, with Mr. Postmaster Fowler,' we're' present. He said that' the originality of any thought is , secondary, to its truth. If it is old, it should j be,' welcomed on acconntof respect1 due to age. ' His' sub ject led him to consider; whether, woman js potentially what she ought to be.] The relation between man and. woman is the most beautiful expression of; the jgreat law of nature. ' Woman is simply the equal of man; nothing more, nothing less. We have no right to, determine -what' is 'woman's sphere, by .'any 'arbitrary i pre judices. I cannot recognise any such fact as man's rights, or woman's rights ; I only recognise human rights. Woman's orbit is the orbit of her' humanity,* and hence she ought to be' man's, equal equal .before the world,' -.'before the! law, as she is before God,; And let no man be disturbed by . visions of strong-minded women, with spectacles, ' lecturing on Kansas; The question is what is. truth, and not what nre . the imaginable con sequences.; Man may run against- God's will, but cannot alter it. I urge that woman should actually be something more than she has been held to be. She has been placed above the scale and cost below it ; she has been man's slave and his empress.' In one place you may see her, the poor drudge of the wash tub or the needle, working to support a drnnken husband ; in another place we see her in some parlour, listening to the confection ery of small talk furnished by some dandy. Society around us is but little more than n modification of these two pictures. What we want is some way of- deliver ance for women from being a mere sieve, and something more substantial than these accomplishments which make her a mere gewgaw. The legal argument has already been presented, so I shall pass on to the subject of woman's educutionT Woman ought to be less dependent upon man. Our present state of society too often so trains her as to make marriage an abso lute necessity. I am glad if there is some advance in this respect. I am glad if women and clergymen are regarded ns something else than respectable partners. Women can become what she should be,, and do what she should do, only by a genuine education. I cannot see why there should be a very sharp discrimina tion between the education of boys and girls. If a certain kind of learning will develop the intellect of the boy, why not of the girl ? You may say that woman cannot be a Newton or a Shakespeare. Well, if she can't she won't ; and so where's the harm ? (Laughter.) Why should a woman with a liberal education be less fit for the duties of a wife or mother ? If in the cultivated mind there is a reserved force for emergencies, why should woman be debarred from that blessed skill that unlocks the treasuries of truth, and opens communion with the distant and the dead.? In many cases woman is brought up, ; not to a self- reliance, but simply to make a settlement for life. We all have a hor ror of female gamblers, but how many women are really ; gamblers for a lucky match? Do we wonder there is often the gambler's loss as well as his hazard ? In the world's version, it is not - charity, but 'money that covers a multitude of sins. The- rich profligate, receives the hand of virtue and beauty.' But there would not be so many serpents in the parterres of fashion if there were not Eves in the garden to listen.' ' In rude society womnn was bought bind sold as a slave, and some of our manners are not much better. Christianity teaches us that women has a soul, ' but many men net as though they had-none to give. Women have a right to a proper culture, not as women's rights, but as human rights ; as man's equal and companion, she requires a training which will develop every human faculty. ' The true way to find the sphere of anything is to educate it to its highest capacity. A genuine culture will produce nothing that will overrun its divinely appointed limits. Woman's work will follow spontane ously from woman's nature, ' and ' will accord with the qualities of her being. It will not therefore be 'strong physical work, but where clean, delicate work is needed, where emotion mingles with thought, if will be her work in the future, and still more as the future opens irto civilisation. Woman's truest work is of home' and its sanctities. Let us, not fear these offices: will be abandoned ; there will still be the heart 'of the 'wife and mother; there are many women for whom this sphere of home is enough. But if woman is enslaved and degraded at home, where shall she have honor ? In this sphere, I claim for her a large and liberal culture. Is it of no conse quence' who is to discharge these offices, who is to teach and train the life, the heart of the future man ? Among women there are two classes, whom the home duties do not absorb, and they clnim' something to do. They comprise, those who are not forced to work for a living and those who are. In behalf of those, I say a large field is needed for woman's work. Consider what ought to be done for that class of women who must work or perish. What are they to do? That is the question. I might specify many forms of labor, such as some parts of watchmaking, of tele graphing, of the work of newspaper offices and countless others, all of which are adapted to woman's naturo nnd her capacity. The claim of this class of women is simply the claim of their hu manity. They must have this work or perish— perish in one of two ways— physically, either from lack of work 'or scantiness of it. Think of the poor widow who makes shirts at fire cents a piece — and I suppose the man who pays it covers the New Testament with that five cent piece. She can, perhaps, make one a day. Is not that reducing hu manity nearly to starvation ? Think of those noble women who virtually say, 'Let Death have us, so he takes to God our womanly purity untainted.' Thank God for the women who die honorably and only perish physically ! I think what saints they make in Heaven, with their sweet faces from which all the trou ble is glorified away. What did those men whom the world call heroes, more than these noble women, who, clinging to their conscience, 'died at their post ? (Applause.) This ought not to be so. Then should she work for all, and least of all should work be denied, her because she is a woman ; and yet' this is really the fact. We reverse the divine law which tells us not to oppress the weaker, and turn and oppress -them simply be cause they are weak. To some men, the shirts they have' made might be the shirt, of Nessus; I wish these old scrougers who, pay five cents' for making shirts might be haunted with women's ghosts, who should bear the inscription, "More work and better pay.' But there is another class who perish morally. We must not shrink from all the facts, and it is a fact that' want of work has a great deal to do with driving to shame the 20,000 women in our city who walk our streets, whose smile is only seen by the gas-light. But the shame is not all with them. Shame upon him who offers the price of dis honor; shame upon those honorable women who smile upon the victorious debauchee ; shame upon ourselves if we nourish any prejudice, which depreciates the value of woman. Let all these shames blend with the shame of the poor lost girl, and lighten a little the course that bears too exclusively upon her. Here are these two classes who must have work, or else honourably or dis honorably perish. But there is another class of women, who are not compelled to work, concern ing whom one of the noblest women of our day (Mrs. Jameson) asks if a more en larged social sphere cannot be allowed woman? I can merely say that this field is indicated in the philanthropic in stitutions of our age. It is exemplified in women like Elizabeth Fry and Florence Nightingale. (Applause.) One of those poor soldiers of the Crimea said, that her shadow seemed to do him good as it passed over his bed. What a com pliment to her was that of another poor sick man, who said to her, ' I believe you are not a woman, but an angel.' How much better is that than the homage of the drawing-room, or a triumph of a flirtation. (Applause.) How many a woman might be an angel to the poor hollow eyes that followed her from a sick bed. Let us remember that this is not an attempt to draw woman from her sphere. But let us consider how many claims there are out of his sphere. Let us not fear any ridicule which may be cast upon us. Ridicule is the feeblest weapon that can be used ; it proves the heavier 'artillery;' it fires scattering shot, and does not hit the mark. (Applause.) It is rather a fearful picture to be ture, of a masculine woman, screaming in Wall-street, or shouting in Trammany Hall. But when called to step forward to tlie line, who shows more manliness, more courage than woman ? Look at the maid of Saragossa, look at Grace Darling, and at that noble woman who, but a year ago; brought home the ship of her poor disabled husband ; she may have been out of her sphere, but she cir cumnavigated the globe. (Applause.) I am inclined to believe that a woman starving in the streets, is fully as incon gruous as a woman in the Senate or the Forum. The true idea of civilisation will never be unfolded till woman has been placed upon an equality with man. In the cabin of the May flower, in the war of the Revolution, when the wives loaded the muskets, there were such men, be cause there were such women. The grandest transactions of history are un folden, when she stands nearest to man as an equal ; and when Christianity shall have reached its highest point; her heart will be near his hand. Let woman stand upon the ground of her human nature, then there will be mutual honor arid mutual help ; then there will be no discordant music in the march from the paradise which they left together— to that paradise which they hope to' attain. (Great applause.) 