PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY. Alexander Park. Esq, tock ilia oaths and his «oat as a mcmlii'r of the Legislativo Council un Wednesday last. Mr Bligh presented n petition from 00 residents of Orange, expressive of dissatisfaction nt several features in the new Memoral Dill, particularly as it relined tn the appointment of meh a grunt nuudicr of members to thc City «f Sydney. The petitioners also deprecated the Idea of admitting ihu Chinese to tho pihilcgcsof tho electivo fraiiuhise. Petition received. The Council then adjourned until thu following day, ns a testimony nf respect for tho memory of thc la o Sir Chailes I'itaroy. * In tho 1 egislutivo Amcmbly. several petitions in Rapport of the lilei toral Hill were received; also a petition Irom a number of thc inhabitants of .» li>nry, praying fur thees tuhli&htneiit; ol a Court and Kesidcnt Judge. Mr Cowper then moved, und Mr linbert Campbell se- conded, a million for adopting a congratulatory address to tho Queen and Prince Albert.on the iiini- iiage of tho Princess Itoyul with thu f rown Pi ince of Prussia. The motiiiri wa» pnfsod. lion members pul on an " O! he joyful" rust of c- untennncu, and an address was read containing expression:- ol' tho "nident wishes", the "fer- vent aspiration!,", &u; for thu future we;il of tho royal pair, thc union of which was described us un '' auspicious event". Slr Donaldson then made one of bis semi-military spocches, and observed how desirable it was to have Mich a nation as Prussia betweeu France and Hussia as our ally in ease nf Inturo hostilities. [Prussia w uld he in a very warm situation truly, between France and Russia! Ku.] Tho Address was adopted. Tho Premier then elongntcd his visits'*, contracted his brow.», lowered his jaws, and r. KO with great solemnity. Ali the oilier hon niemheis took the key, and put ou u mhftere »ni suit of countenances, with tho cxci prion ol' Mr .lohn Cntn|.bell, who retnincd his>entBii<i his ordinary scmi-reeuinbi'nt position, with one kneo across ihe other, and continually sou »ped his lingers The Premier .. gashed" twice or thrice in token of bis deep emotion, nnd of the revulsión nf feelings consequent upon such a sudden transition from sunshine to ploom from gladness to surrow. At length, having hy strenuous efforts lmistored his emotions, he moved-" That in oon secmence of thc melancholy intelligence of thu death of Sir Charles Fitaroy, which ha« just reuched the colony, the proceedings uf this IIouso ha now adjourned rill to- morrow ( thursday), at 3 p.m." [.Mr Cowper then fell back into his »cut, buried his face in his hand kerchief, mid sobbed convulsively. Mr Jtdm Campbell:-" lt's all my eye". (Laughter). " He's shamming Abraham". (Renewed cachin tia lions.) Mr Piddington pointed out the obvious insihcerity which chiu-aetcrhed°tlie proceedings of the house that day, in , passing so suddenly from an expression nf joy to one of sorrow, and considered that under such circumstances the motion for an adjournment was a mero mockery. Mr .lohn Campbell wu» of opinion that it was down- right humbug. (Laughter) Why, they all know a week ago that the late Governor was dead: he had read tho fact in last week's Bell's Life. (Hear, hear.) lie would like t» Rik hon members what good would accrue from such n muck token of respect. After several other speeches had been made, pro et eon, tho motion was carried, and the Iluuseudjourned until thc following day. In the Legislative Council on Thursday Mr Wilshire presented a petition from his Worship ibo Muyor, which read moro like :i letter of censuro than anything oise, ns it gavo thét.PárlIaiiicnt a must decided rap over tho knuckles tor tho dilatory manner in which the business of the coun- try is usually got through. His Worship, as Chairman of a'public meeting of cit zen«, had written tu say that ns thero was n good Hcctoral Bill framed, lie would thank the Council to pass it at once, without any frivolous bother or unnecessary delny. On the motion of Mr Lutwyche seconded hy Mr E. Pens Thomson, n congratulatory address, siiuilmly worded to that »greed tu by the Assembly on tho preceding div, on the marringa of the Princess Uoyul with the Ci own Prince of Prussia, wa» ordered to l o forwarded to lier Majesty. Tho rest nf thc business of thc Upper House was prosy and uninteresting. In the Legislativo Assembly a petition was ptcsentcd by Mr Hay, anti received by tho Hume, Iroui thc inhabitants of Albury, praying for the erection of ti bridge over the Murray Uiver. Mr Dalley nslcd the hon Colonial Secretary if thc Go- vernment intended to introduce any measure of Divorce similar to that which hns lately become the law of the lnnd in Knglnnd. Mr Cowper replied that he would not bise sight of it, and something in thut line would he done, if not in this, at any rate in tho nest, session. Mr Cowper moved tho second ronding of" tho 'Electoral Law Amendment lii.'l, mid in a lung speech asserted that it was acceptable to the colonists throughout tho length and breadth ol the land. Mr Donaldson delivered a speech which was neither pro nor con, but, fruin thu tenor of it, was morely made Pa- tho whiling away ol' the time, ho considering that it would bo a pity f..r u Bill of so much importance to be passed ¡ without the usual amount of parlance which the hon mem- ber dignified hy tho term '. discussion". I Mr John Campbell said that tho Bill was a very proper one, mid was calculated to re-tore them to tluit poliiicil and social position which their Saxon forefathers held pre- vious to thc battle of Hasting!*. Mr Parkes then brought tho heavy metal of his talent to hear upon Mr Donaldson, in ord-r to confute tho argu- ments which that gentleman bad used in opposition to ponióos i.f thc Hill. In his u-unl felicitous imuiiiei- tho hon gentlcntnn introduced various elegant tropes and me- in pliers, such ns-.. »¡iii n little industry and a little caro, tho Bill might be //VAvrf in/o thope". ila was, most de- cidedly, in favor of tho second rending of tho Hill as it Storni categorically. älr \V. Macleay srnke in opposition to tito Bill, nrgiiing tlint tlier.- was no analogy bet ween this colony rind Great Rritain in the proportion of members for the town and country districts. Ile pointed out several instances ot' ir- regularity in tho representation according to the Bill, pointing out that the towns were allowed an undue pro pondoronce over thc country districts, ile should oppose thc Bill, nnd ho considered that any country member who did not j du tho opposition would hu selling his consti- tuents. Mr Forster spoke in favor of tho Hill, and in the course of bis speech, while alluding to Mr Donaldson, ho did cer- tainly moko use of most extraordinary parliomentnry lan- guage, observing thal ho (Mr Donaldson) had prophesied "tears, ruin, und damnation" as thu consequences that would ensue upon the passing of thu Bill. Hu hunted up tho ghost of lintl Grey, which called forth Mr Donaldson as the Tart's champion and herald at-arms, and ho spoto in vindication of thc Kuri, giving him u good cha- racter. Mr Robertson emitted n long string of gruff sounds, which wetc intended to form n speech in favour of the 13111. Mr Macarthur moved the adjournment of the debate until Wednesday, to cntthle hon members lo draw breath. BO ¡is to return to thc chargo of tongues with renewed vigor. Mr R. Campbell thought it expedient to ndj urn from day to day, as they did in tho Plunkett debato. A long string of speeches were then made, ono after another, touching tho question of adjournment, "nd taking up al- most ns much time as thc debate on the important question of the Electoral Bill had dune. Kvcuiuiilly thc debate was adjourned until tho following day (yesterday). Thc debate on the HAW Klectoral Bill was resumed yes tordayin tho Legislative Assembly, nnd had not concluded at tho lime when our reporter was obliged to leave. Ap- parently it will be a long debato, as thc Bill will bo ve- hemently opposed through nil its stages by the majority of the country members. These gentlemen complain of tho electoral distribution contemplated by thc Bill BS unfair and partial, giving undue preponderance to the towns and to the city of Sydney, and certainly the arguments adduced by .Mr William Mnctcny in his speech against tho Bill, on Thtirsdny, were bucked by ligures which-thc ni- guuient nnd figures together - display cons'dci-ahlo ability aud tact en thc part of tho houorablo gentleman, lt remains to be seen whether they arc controvertible or otherwise. Tho principal portion of the other business was post- poned._ 