;..-?? (Fnoii our own Correspondent.) ;'V :.; ? Jjondon, October,Io,'1857. ^. 'itji the 'fearful suspense sickeniiig the public mind in regard to India, arid the equally frightful . financial difficulties that each American mail 'bears, and each foreign European Bourse telegraphs'to our merchants on 'Change and our manufacturers in the' cpiintry.asuspiciousioarbroodihgiinhemindsof poli ticians as to the meaning of those Imperial courteous interchanges between France and Russia, and the more than usual average of frauds, tragedies, mur- ders, and suicides, we have vet nmTilp ennnn mil verge enough to discuss our spiritual relations, and keep alive that grand old theme, Waragainst Popery. The Evangelical Conference, referred to in my last, having with due gravity studied, reflected, prayed, and psalmned itself into a state of e^herialised Evan-: gelieity, resoNed from its Germanic head quarters, the capital of His Majesty the King of Prussia, 'That the aggression of Popery in Europe, Africa, America, Asia, and elsewhere shall be resisted ; that a committee to keep watch and ward over the ag gressions aforesaid, and to be composed of delegates from every nation, be, and is hereby, appointed to report accordingly.' I give your paper the benefit of this, so that, your Catholic Australasians may be inspired with the proper amount of terror of the pro ceedings initiated at Berlin, and which are now under the authorised protection of one James Lord of Fleet street, Loudon. Supremely ridiculous as such a resolution may appear,. it, and the modern TEcu. menical Council of Berlin, of which it was sapiently begotten, have' been honored' with the satire and the support of our leading journals, and the brilliant results anticipated from the operations of the'new great evangelical revival are considered second only in importance to the Diet of Worms. It is so. Ca-' tholic, so emblematic of the universality of the Church truly Christian, for inuny hundreds of de vout preachers 'of Hnd believers in the 'word,' and their wives and fumily connections, to assemble in ??-?;- . ' ' ' ? ' ' '.???. .;. ,.' f,'.1-;-/'.-'-' ' ' ;'' ??' ..' ? '?: one grand Council ;it Berlin, and rrlolve the extinc tion of the true ' faith all over till earth, prevent aggressions of the Holy See, and otltr acts of God's will upon earth, that the minds of fill evangelicals at home mid abroad must be inMhscly gratified. More particularly your Protestant Superintendent, Bishop Perrv, formerly of Cambridge, whose letter to ' my dear Richard' has altractitt considerable attention. \ While those lights to warn were resolving, the Protestant King of Wurteinbiirg wn) having pub- j lislied a Concordat with His Ilolinels, giving free j spiritual control over the Church in his Majesty's ; dominions; and this Concordat was las free, fair, j and considerate as that which the Emperor of Aus tria effected, to the horror and alarrn of our en lightened press, who saw the liberties of, Europe pe rilled in the transaction. What an opportunity for railing at ultramontanism — that bugbear which creates in this free country a valid niajiia of hate aild abtlS£* nir.imQt Pnt-linliniiMvi ? inch no if nhm montanism meant anything more than bringing the faithful within the proper sphere of spiritual juris diction of the Holy See. How much more wise Mid generous of our Queen and Governn|ent would it. be to conciliate their Catholic subjects, by a recog nition similar to that of the King of Wurtembnrg, than by having us, like the ghost of Banqu.0, unbid den at the feast; for.it is in that, character, the Church in Eneland fis-ures. The most serene Prince King William of Wurteinburg is wi^er in his generation than our great constitutional rul|rs ; but indeed it must be admitted that a similarcoWession'. of right in England would iict upon chutchmen, nign ana dry, as well as onr evangelicals,' like the .drivinrr of Old.Nick'out of the herd of swine— they would run' a Malay muck against all creation. How the. Berlin wool embroidery edition of the Aggres siorial. Congress and their ''f my dears,': the' ^ muderri, ..real 'fathers of Anglicised. Christianity, -are- to: carry; on the campaign -w.e 'shall soon know!'; -Likely Ithey: will be of the old stamp— an office in , Fleet-street^ three old dowager duchess.es, one K.C.B.,'and:t'wb: bishops as patrons, , working and corres'pondiii'g; committees, lay and cleric,- secretaries,- honorary and .ac.tive, one hundred 'millions, of new tracts— ' How to put the Pope in Chancery'— special engagement of the submarine telegraph, 'and ;i one thousand pounds reward, private, for a successbritovA'chilfi or Gavazzi of equivocal reputation. LordPalmerston's conversion to a belief in original sin, the Earl uf Shaftesbury's mission :to Rome as Minister Pleni potentiary to that. Court, and the altered views of' F. M.-i Prince Albert upon matrimony, may be ? looked for as indications of the success of this newest phase of evangelism, and are far less im probable than the Berlin project of resisting ' Papal' Aggression.' ' The increasing.secession of clergymen from the Church of England to Catholicism continues; and a considerable number of names are published with deep regret by the Morning Post as an instal ment of the deplorable defection. I hope to send you an interestiue list of them livnnvt i-n.;i s;-r-!,.,,.i,,,. Napier, who when living was assailed as one of the eccentric impracticables'of bis bravely distinguished family, and even when dead received a rouyh over hauling, is now discovered to have been an^racle of intense Delphian certainty. His famous ' veiii, vidi, vici' imitdtion Tndian message of conquest-^'' 7Jec cavi,' (I have Scinde), was supplemented last week by a day of humiliation— the.7tb instant— by order of Her Majesty in Council, in England, Scotland, and Berwick' upon; Tweed, in acknowledgnient of our 'having sinned' with a vengeance. A day of huini nation here has no very significant effect upon the minds and tempers of our population, who do any. thing but go in sackcloth and ashes : to hundreds of thousands it means a holiday, and they enjoyed it as SU j 1 ?^llj'''ay- 'uus- and steamboat were crowded, m-u lue.reuei iroin toil, toil, toil, and spin, spin.snm was welcome to some— while among dock and other labourers the couple of shillings.a day reduction m the week's uncertain wages told. oil many a poor struggling family. City churches, usually averaging sixty to a hundred attendants, had sermons delivered m them ; most of which were, of course, apropos of the occasion, and. referred, -more or less to the great cause, the in famous butcherieVin. India. I shall not give any extracts -from the .'senn'pris duly covering sheets of all our daily newspapers— but select from the most creditable and able of tlie weeklies— the Examiner— a paper that, when a Protestant Bishop wrote from India of the dreadful feeling that pre vailed there, called for the, immediate expulsion of so unworthy a coward ! if not his decapitation. ' Many eloquent sermons were of course delivered, and we could select some Bood and strikinK passages from several of them i but we must lament that the majority of the dis coursesi were ever preached. It wa3 surely no necessary part of the solemn occasion that so many rash tongues SM 1 ue 1)CLln,unloosel1- w«s all that hubbub from the ?tV p, , ndlsPensable to the prostration of the public heart? would not silence have been meeter homage, when there ma.i s° mtle mature thought to be clothed in words, and so little discretion to govern thoir utterance? Is prayer im possible without the sequel of such perilous preaching ? It won Id I seem to be so settled in th« Church of England, and what the result is we have now before us In the efTusinns 5? .?any of our metropolitan pastors. Such a liabel of conflicting opinions, such a wilderness ofill-weaved specu lations, such arrogant assumption of intimacy with the plans of Omnipotence,.such daring attempts to lift the cur tain that Providence has hung between the present and th» future, such a rushing in of divines where diviner boint-s fear to tread— this was our mortification upon mortification nnd aggravation of our national sins and follies. Where we to take a leaf out of almost any one of the sermons before us, we should announce the precise measure of Divine wrath incurred by the license of reverend tongue*, and so much abuse of faculties and functions. We might even be led to count the presumption of spiritual men, and the vanity of preaching, among the transgressions for which we have been delivered over for a season in l.idia to the tormentors. Were the proper authorities to appoint a second dnv of, humiliation, for the country to humble itself before Heaven for all the cant and extravagance uttered upon the first, we should not say that it was ill dona. We are not a little dis TlllKPll in trntl, 4n L~ t. .. ....?»: T_»- J L.. ? ,_.. ... ,. ..- anything hut proud of the simultaneous sermons of last Wednesday, either as the speculations of an intcllecluat order of men, or as proofs of the prevalence of rational and sound theology among our English clergy.' . ? - The manner of reform for our humiliation im provement is ecclesiastically unsound: — : If the government sanctified Wednesday in tlie expec ?atlannf being directed by the clergy in tho path of a wise Indian Policy, they have been certainly disappointed. Dr Croly would raze Delhi to the ground; Dr, Trench would suppress the opium trade; mother would send out afresh band of missionaries ; anothnr introduce the Bible, the whole Bible, amlnothing but theBible, into Hindoo schools; afitth. in his wisdom and moderation, would put down all the rights and ceremonies of the Hindoo religion, and, including the Mahomedans in tho same sentence, would found hia hopes of n peaceful, permanent Indian Empire upon open war with the faith of a population of sixty millions of souls thrice counted. History is so full of encouraBinif examples of the conflicts of governments with creeds I Christianity ih so consonant with intolerance of human oirora! Tho policy thus devoutly recommended is so agreeable to tho liberty and genius of the people of England I ? 'What remained untold by the' preachers in the pulpit was furnished by .lajr assistants in the press ; and: this sample of revenge equals in sublimity of intention anything of the kind outside of the abode of the damned : — —-Fortunately for human ntiture, in evory sense th's keenest agony can be inflicted without the physical tortures from which eye and spirit shrink, and tho ludicrous may relieve he terrible In a Just and righteous retribution. Beleaguer ....... «?????» ?????? vuiuuiid ui uunia f ict buciii milieu iruin viicir : sallyports over pigs'-feet and cow heals ; charge thi-lr caval ry with herds of tho wild-hog ; lot gun and howitzer throw comminuted pork to clear out their batteries and paralyze their Imttslions ; Bpare woman, for her Influence is universal oven on tho untaught gallantry of the conquering soldier ?' but let infants bo carefully cradled in cow-hides nnd tendorly nourished on tho fattening pap of the sow ; anoint the limbs of saintly fakir nnd yogtiee with the unctions fat of swine ; scourgo tilph-caatu Hrnhniln and Cshatrya and ferociously aspiring Mahomedan with thongs of brawn ; feed their hunger with chines ; let the Mussulman observe ! Christmas for onco on devilled lugs of his favourite Turkey —we cannot spare him the whole of tho hind quarter ; and should tlie resolute Hindoo prefer starving to death in the unprofancd odour of sanctity, combine this wlMi the flarour if burnt, shall he gathered into a .itve; that hia hardened narcase, found living or dead, sluill he carefullv larded to 1 soften it ; and that droves of the fcmilihing hog shall hear ; the consecrated relics In their bosoms, as th.-y rove, hence- '? forth and for ever, over thu site of his levelled Bithoor- 1 ?ovl will thu.i have the fiercest and most effective revenge. Heaven Itself could brand him with, no direr punishment of eurth or bell. If we don't have ful^punishment done upon them natives, we deserve not the name of Britons. By far the largest audience wns that of tho 8yd norhain Crystal Paluoe, as famous for the derelop lnont of Robson's joint-stoek system of modern swindling, as for the hoauty nnd grandeur of its design, and the mngnilicencj of its endless scries of courts and tlmiv gorgenus contonts. In pussing, I your Australian contributions in wood?, minerals, j &c;, givo a grt'nt deal of interest to visitors. Com- 1 mercially speaking the attpiubncc of tho liumilinted i was a success: only a shilling each, and the number ' exeoedod twenty-three thousand persons. Their ! subscriptions to tho Indian Rt-lief Fund was £475 : 16h. HJd. Tlie superb appearance of the noble j plnco ctmnot be conveyod in words. So vast an | audience, so snggestivif a soene of tho triuraiih of j modern skill in construction and art, invention ' and science, the world'B contributions in every form j of human manufacture, and specimens too of tho : rarest of ratuiv's productions, exotics, flowers, trees, shrubs, of far distant dimes ; the huge skt'lulous uf antediluvian monster.', and all the treasures which tho genius of profitable enterprise could gather for the aftonuhment. and pleasure of mi'.n, were (born. Vhsit n sceno of grandeur to excite in itself p theme for tho orator. O ! for un hour of Lncordaire, or Cruise, or Kirwan. But it j wns only Spurcjcon ! niid of ull the ranting ranters , that afllict this ranting woilil the rant of that lee \ turer wns the most sickening. The crimes that curdle thn blood, the insnne passirms that startle humanity, tho infumies.and all the Styginn villianies | that swarm round the Indian demoniacal campnign from n hundred year* ngo till to-day hnd no greater meaning in the mind's eye of this most, egregious of the mountebank's spawn, begotten of irreligiously religious humbug, than that our humiliation came of n certain back slum nainod ITolywell-strcct, Strand, being a receptacle of obsceno prints, aud that an opera, the Lady of the Camellia's, or Tra viata, was played in the Haynmrket. Certes tho sins of our ancestors, nnd the humiliations of oiir present most exemplary generation, if confined to two such insignificant crimes, our oratorical scaramouch would havo limited cause for his tumbling. Of moro consi'quonce than the hnrlnquinisms of tho pessimus artillery man of Old Nick — the nine teenth century model Anglo-Saxon of puljiifc ef ficiency— we have to consider how our recruits are to be gathered. To supply those ' sinews of war' ?we have the Times appealing to country incum bents, and underpaid curates passing rich on £i0 a year, to preach to Christian men a new rrusade ; .appealing to tlie country squires— thu pntriarchal rulers of their peasantry — who are so popular with : their 'hinds and poaching returners; to the des cendants of those bnrons nud knights who led Eng lish bowmen at Creasy and . Agmeourt, to rouse '-their ^overfed farmers to chivalry, now that our comnioti country requires their services : but the ''impassioned appeals are. received with an equaiu ?mitytlint too truly proves the aje of chivalry to hflvoovaporatfid long since. We have plenty of yoluntcors.'froin the ' middle classes,' but tho plan of granting commissions to, persons who could raise a hundred men ?', interferes with the recruiting ser vice. _ The newest; plants' to give a field officer the appointment of. ten ensigns and tho bounty of each, recruit if he can but muster a thousand mon. Mcan-: time, with the liberal bounty of £2 and a freo kit, -our ranks increase at the.rate of only a thousand a .week, and wo wnnt five times tho number. Two sources are lost in the empire— the Highlanders and'tho .Irish : those are ' gone with a vengeance' — to Skibbereen, filen Tilt, America, Canada, and' Australia.1-' So food for powder, at Is. per diem, is not tho -bust selection fivo feet one innh— the pre sent standard — of humanity nan be enticed with ; our manufacturing and rural population earn more than this small remuneration, and unless £ s. d. enhances chivalry, the cry for India will have little patriotic response. In Ireland, the enlightened efforts made by the Gpynrnmcnt to rule on that fine old maxim, .'divide and govern,' have had miserable consum mation ; for, nlbeit, they to-day proclaim extermi ?nating war upon Orangeism. A few year3 -wo they enconraged it, patted it upon the back, and invited it. to be the Saviour of the Kmpirej by taking the fire-arms distributed in e.v«ry Northern f own'to its memborp, and to them alone. Tho mild discipline of the amiable Carlisle is excited to measures, of harshness, and two venerable barristers, duly bo inquiry. Their report draws down Chancellor' Brndy upon nil supporters of Orangeism, who are forthwith to be deprived of the rank of magistrate, 'and to taken fresh oath of allegiance. The idol ators of William, in a constitutional country, re quired to take a new oath of allegiance, is enough to stir the bones of all lmters of bra33 money and wooden shoes in their graves. The spirits of thoao worthies are engaged in a certain place favorable to steam producing, where they are engaged in pelt ing black commodities at a particular pillory, upon which is placed the father of all such commodities. So the chartered toast ran. Let us hope that all such absurdities and the evils arising from them are buried in the same region ; but alas ! the quiver of discord is as ready to be flown from the shaft with as much poison upon its tip as ever. Happy Australia, .if .its' golden land be free from the same heart-brenking influences that exist in poor Ireland to bring the blush of shame upon their children's cheek, rind that ye know no such unholy, patricidal war of one erring sinner asainst another, in tho insulted nmne of a common Chris tianity. -Clarendon in '48 repeated Castlereagh of '98, and Carlislo of '57 shall be repeated in another era ; and so Ireland, through the hate of her sons, is consigned to the temporising subserviency of a common shivery and of a mutual intolerance. Queen's University students, that is, the students of the ' Godless Colleges,' have had their rewards and honors conferred in the utmost splendour by the vice-regal and highest legal authorities. Saint. Patrick's Hall in Dublin Castle was the scene of tho distribution of prizes. 65 successful candidates were rewarded; and, having hid the usual amount of handsome sayings administered with the more solid honorarium, they wore dismissed, such of them as belonged to Belfast being reminded of the fact that not Athens but Thebes was their destina tion — a questionable compliment to the learned Thebans. Why another kind.of; admonition was not .repeated ; to the : Gahyay. University Professor, wbp'bribod .wholesale in theWvice of the notorioiis Marquis 'of Clanricarde's son, the blind Ku3siau prisoner of war, is not related; but .Chancellor Brady, who is a great patron of godless literature, ot the abolition of Orangeism, and of bud pictures, .'will explain to tho next meeting of Queen's Univer sity students. ?'.''?' ? ? Turning from such small affairs, which possibly are but, of little interest to'yonr readers, themove inohts of our ' European monarchs, or an oxtraot from tho Court Circular, may have more attraction. Baron Ronfrew, commonly known as the Prineoof Wales, is still on his travels. The Empress of France and Russia have met on terms of perfect equality, and by somo extraordinary mistake thoir conversations havo not been exactly ascertained and printed in the Times. Many surmises nro afloat, but thoy are not reliable, ilussta and Austria by their Emp.-rors have also fraternised, and little is known of their hobnobbings. Tho efforts mado by ITranco to extend its marino efllcioncy havo been wonderful: thoy stand in comparison with our. country thus— Great Britain and Ireland, 527 ves sels, steam and sailing, 13,880 guns; France, 537 vessels, 1-1,077 guns. , Now mail arrangomonts for Australia have been effected, and Air. Wetton is reported as having sailed in tho Australasian, to complete with your Governments tho mail perriee. It is' understood that tho Emperor of the French will aid it, so as to havo the benefit extonded ; but there willlome time elapse before the final settlement of the routes. EIKINACH. The Bazaar in Hyde Park. — The pros pent on Tuesday last that the rainy weather would continue determined the Committee to postpouo tho opening of the .Bazaar for St. Vinoant's Hos pital until Tuesday, Wednesday, and 'i'huvaday iu next week. Sydney Hamlets Election.— The Re turning Officer on Friday declared tho stute of tho poll to bo r.i follows :— Mr. John Campbell, 889 ; Sir Daniol Cooper, 880 ; Mr.' Tooth, 775. Mr. Tooth immediately declared his intention to start for tho City. Fire in Bathurst-strp.f,t. — A destruc tive fire broke -out at an early hour on Monday morning at the Australian Brewery. The three engines were promptly on the ground. The fire, men, the police, and the spectators, all exerted themselves in a praiseworthy manner, but it was upwards of an hour before a single drop of water could be thrown upon the burning buildings, notwith standing that there are no less than four plugs in the immediate neighbourhood. The cause of the conflagration is at present unknown ; but from the ! suddenness with which it burst forth, it is supposed j the fire must have been burning from an early hour in the evening. The premises are insured in one of the Colonial oflices. The damage done uminot fall short of £2000 or £3000. After the engines had been ineffectually playing on the flames for more than half an hour— stopping occasionally for want of water, or through imperfections in the machinery — a heavy fall of rain took place, which, lasting for some 10 or 15 minutes, had the effect not only of ex tinguishing the fire, but also of scattering the crowd of persons who had assembled to witness its progress. 