THE PULPIT. \- (FROM THE PATRIOT, APRIL 9.), i in lamenting the general decline,'of>publia, oratory, the journal which detects all our weak places is pleased to except the Dissenting ministry as not having ceased to cultivate the art of oral address with respectable BUO ICES. The discovery of new stars in the theological heavens, or the shining officals caries familiar to us In nearer proximity to "established" lights, may account, par hopes for the reference to our preachers at the best living examples of effective speak- ing. Protestant Dissenters and Wesleyan Methodists have never been insensible to their privileges in this respect ; but i is only since it became customary for men, of different denominations to mingle, on 'the some platforms, and especially since clergy- men and Nonconformists have vied with each other in a generous rivalry OF preachers of the Gospel in buildings Unaccustomed to the Pound, that such gentlemen as have access to the critic's chair in Blackfriars ha ve known anything about us. In some degree, therefore, their child-like surprise on finding that we really can talk good grammar, sound sense, and a little rhetoric, is excusable, the more particularly as the singularity of its express sion is so flattering to UP. We shall be great geese, however, if we permit praises sounded on so short an acquaint once to persuade us that we have already attained, and are already perfect. Mix this pleasant laudation with the querulousness of grumblers among ourselves, and you will not merely escape the danger of thinking more highly of yourselves than you ought to think, but you will get nearer to the truth than if you lent both ears to those miserable comforters who tell you that the pulpit of the JIIVB and Halls Is sunk into a condition of almost hopeless degeneracy. In what decade of a man s life he becomes laudatory import acts, we have too much regard for our personal selves to inquire very curiously. There is no doubt, however, that, generally, by the time man has become too blind to discern between the preacher and the candlestick, and too dear to catch a brace of consecutive sentences,) visionary and auricular faculties betray a pre features sharpness for faces long mouldering in the grave, and tongues long silent is dumb forgetfulness. in the doctrine of human ] perfectibility as broached by a certain school of false philosophers, we have no sympathy but we are apt to believe, that he who say the former days were better than these, do not inquire wisely concerning them and that as a logical consequence of Divine Providence if not a necessary result of human nature the constant tendency of the race, as a whole is towards every form of real amelioration. . Instead, therefore, of abetting that miser in ble dissatisfaction which begets disgust, and if it had vigor enough, would engender despair, we would convert the improvement which has been effected in preaching OB in a things else, into an "excelsior" arguments pressing onwards and upwards. Because Lat mer adorned one age, Baxter another, White field a third, and Chalmers a fourth, and, of looking around among contemporary preackerB, we may fancy that their like as not to be found-does it therefore follow the the Christian Church of our own day is let richly supplied with pastors and preachers than the generations in which the; great men respectively flourished? B LO means. When we throw a backward look on the retreating landscape, we see on the tapering steeple, the majestic tower, on the tail trees, In like manner, every age he its eminent men and our successors will i like manner discover that the church of the age had its stately Souls as well as in former centuries. But general advancement has the disadvantage, if disadvantage it be, that it not promotive of stage effect. The English; pulpit of the second half of the 19th century appears to be occupied by men of less gigantic stature, not because the men are dwarfs So much as because they are of a more equ 1 eight. The scholastic training now secured for nearly all preachers naturally leads to a gone ral intellectual level. Genius, when it appears, will assert its superiority ; but, warm talent and industry run in the same race, the bare will often be found to have no better chance than the tortoise. We have to thank our colleges, especially since they became affiliated to the University of London, for the compliments of men who have perception for our attainments, though little relish for our doctrine. The benefit is undeniable ; but let us beware of the drawbacks which attend it, and value the civil speeches which it has procured us, chiefly as a warn- ing against the snare. Sound learning cannot be gainsaid; but high education may be sought at the expense of more valuable acquirements, especially when it is pursue! during a protracted season of disconnection from the work for the sake of which it is avowedly desired. Consider the men who have risen in the ministry since SA's a ad Man's became at once more plentiful and more legitimate and it will be found, if we mistake not, that those who have won fame as the test of usefulness are they that never allowed the attractions of a University course to divert them for a week from ministerial exercises. How little secular critics know of what they talk about is betrayed by their pertinacious attempt to resolve the success or Dissenting ministers into the necessities of the cupboard and the crimes. The maxim that " they who live to please must please to live," applies to the stage and to the popular lecturer, but not to the Christian minister of any denomina- tion. In order to live comfortably) no doubt a Dissenting minister must have a good con t gregation ; but no man. living or dead, over secured this condition by courting the pre possessions and conciliating the prejudices of his hearers. Nothing holds more true than that the largest congregations attend the most faithful preaching. II you want to see the effect of pandering to carnal appetites, go to the wretched, been like brick buildings, where the Sociniati teacher cockers people in the notion that they are all very well and need no regeneration and there you shall behold more DEW empty than! have a single soul in them though the pews are seldom numerous enough to hold a tolerable congregation The neces- sity for spacious chapels has sprung entirely from the revival and maintenance of the style of preaching which tells men and women that they are sinners,' and that without re- pentance and faith in the only name given under heaven by which we can be saved they must perish everlastingly. Let us beware, then, that the complainant of writers who, though they can appreciate our style, have small sympathy in our mission, do not betray us into the over cultivation of that which pleases them, since it had been carried so far as to make them uses reproaching us with our " Methodism." It is a total mistake to compare the eloquence of the pulpit with any other form of orator, whatever, if the object of the comparison b [ to beget emulation on the part of those we occupy It. The platform, or, to adopt the conventional equivalent, " Exeter Hall," Byro I dises the only sort of public speak rug that bears any affinity to preach , Irg; and, perhaps, the character of I preaching has suffered as much dot.' rain iteration from this source as from any one thing else. The; topics of the platform are sometimes strictly religious, and usually benevolent and philanthropic ; ยก but there a licence is followed, which, since the majority of the speakers are ministers, may without care vitiate their pulpit styled. The audiences expect to be entertained; and, considering how long they are detained, variety and plea- santry are a needful, and therefore welcome relief. But between the Member of Parliament and the barrister, on the one side, and the preacher, on the other, there is little room for fair or advantageous comparison. The Member of Parliament has peculiar sub jests and a special audience. On great occasions, and when a man has charge of the question, the higher attributes of oratory may he necessary, or at least of service; but, in general, there is too much attempted eloquence in stead of too little of the reality: As many as 20 men might be able to say something that would elucidate the matter; but it is preposterous for a dozen men to follow each other in formal harangues on the same subject. A vast deal of balderdash Is the unavoidable result, whereas nothing should be easier than for a company of grown up young men to exchange views on things of common interest in on intelligible manner. The advocate has harder work ; but it is reducible to simple forms. It is the part of the attorney to Stuff the brief with everything relevant, and to marshal the witnesses In numerous array (nor let undls-' criminating censors impute all his Industry 1 to the love of coats) ; but he who holds the chief and examines the witnesses selects his points and picks his men so as to put his case in the clearest hair, support it by the strongest proof, and enforce it by the most cogent arguments and most telling appeals. His congregation are 12 jurymen, whom if he can convince arid persuade he triumphs. Weston conceive of no secular case in which more potent motives concur with greater facilities to animate the human tongue in the over tion of its Wonderful fascination. The Christian preacher is differently or. cumstanced. If his theme transcends all 11 hers, it is one and the same. The interests for which he cares are eternal, not transitory; spiritual, not of the earth, earthy. But the attention which men pay to his appeals is too often in a ratio inverse to their unspeakable importance. While the senator addresses 'Ikarers'who Often the more attentively the more pertinently he speaks, and the pleaded owes as much to the lynx-eyed vigilance of his adversary as to the stimulus derived from the cause he undertakes, the preacher feels that he labors against the deadweight of Somnolent indifference, and in championing the interests of clients many of whom Kee an unconquerable dead to the inheritance they have at stake. The very composition of congregations makes the preacher's duty arduous beyond example. Old and young, men and female, sick and poor, learned and three life, saint and sinner, bed cover and sceptic v worldling and formalist, hypocrite and back glider, are mixed together more heap; and the conscientious pastor sinks under the appalling thought that, if any of these malta for iona characters leave the place without a word in season, he will have so far failed of his office. Truly, " who is sufficient for thee' things?'' They require a height and depth and breadth of oratory not to be acquired in the school, nor attained in virtue of an: skill. He who speaks from the heart was By cook to the heart and what is warmly con- 'received will be worthily expressed But how shall one heart find its way to so many heads in almost as many varieties of condition There is but one Teacher of this Divine (dence. No man is a pulpit orator toan purpose whose hpB have not been touched t those of Isaiah wore. When mitred points exercise their ordinary functions, the Holy Ghost is invoked to their assistance The only thing that can raise the modern pulpit to a higher pitch, or prevent ' from sinking Into dull death, is the continue injunction of the Spirit with the word. Be for this end, there must be continual prayer Whenever this is the mutual dependence pulpit and pew, signs and wonders will follow as in the ancient days and the efficiency preaching will be vindicated by its result No need will be found for inventing novelty cr sighing after lofty genius and profound learning; but ordinary human faculties, connection with God's Holy Spirit, will found as sufficing as when Peter's preached pricked 3,000 to the heart on the day of Pe fecost. 