Cjlt Comitnj. FLUE ON BOARD THE DON JUAN AT MORE TON HAY. (From the Morcton Bay Courier .) Tho schooner' Don Juan, Captain Curphy, was towed up tho river near to Harris' Wharf by the Boomerang to day. Tho following particulars have been furnished by Captain O'Rciley. In tho excitement and anxiety of attending to the vessel, it was impossible to get any par ticulars 011 board : — 'On tho 14th instant, at 12-30 p.m., nbout 1G miles northward of Point Danger, I saw a schooner close in shore: bare down, and fou id it to be tho Don Juan, on lire.' The vessel was lying close in shore; it was provi dential that sho was seen, as she must have gone on shore during tho night. The vessel has been moored closo to tho river bank, with tho intention of scuttling her. The Don Juan left Brisbane on Monday morning last for Sydney, with one passenger, Mrs. Curphy, und tho following cargo: — 131 bales wo»l, 11' casks tallow, 97 hides, 1 bundle calfskins, 020 horns, Towns and Co. ; 7A bales wool, Feez ; 11 ditto, Atkinson and Stephens; 7 cases, J. Harris. Nono of the cargo, we believe, was insured. It wns at first supposed that tho fire was occasioned by floino part of the wool being shipped iu a wet condition. We havo sineo learnt from Air. Richards, of tho firm of Towns and Co , that the wool had been lying in their store for three weeks, and was in perfect order. Tho fire was first discovered on Thursday last, when tlio inmates ?of tho cabin wero driven out by tho snioko coming through. The vessel was then off Point Danger, and Captain Curphy made for shore where he cast anchor in ?about 3 fathoms water at a quarter of a mile off tho land. When the vessel was anchored a hole was made in the deck and water poured in upon tho cargo to extinguish the fire, but without effect. Trial was next made by making all tight, but the fire continued burning. When the Boomerang came in sight signnls were made, nnd Captain O'Reilly promptly got tho steamer near and took the Don Juan in tow. Great praise is due to Captain O'Reilly for his ready assistance and persevering ex ertions. The fire lias been confined by the efforts of Captain Curphy and his crew, to the under part of the cabin. The vessel lias been scuttled aft in the Brisbane, and at the moment of publication the water has reached her upper deck beams. The fire is not yet extinguished. Tho cargo will be altogether damaged. Tho vessel lies with her bow on tho river bank. Wo understand the Don Juan is insured, but thero will be a heavy claim for salvage. Moreton IS ay. — By tho arrival of the Boomerang, wo aire put in possession of Moreton Bay papers to tho 20th instant.' The schooner Don Juan, freighted with wool, tallow, hides, &« , and bound for Sydney, took fire after ?leaving Brisbano on the 11th iust. ' She was discovered and towed back to Brisbane by the Boomerang on the IGtli. The cargo is much damaged, aud it is said their will bo a heavy claim lor salvage. Tho Free Press of tho -20th says: — ' Mr Benjamin Cribb, of Ipswich, has an nounced himself a candidate for the representation of the Stanley Boroughs, and we believe that requisitions will lie sent down to Messrs Richardson and liiiekloy by to day's steamer. Mr. Mac- lister (whoso address* reached ~ . -«s late last eveniii: ) is to 0p|i06e Mr Tooth for the northern pastoral districts. The elections are expected to pass off very quietly.' The Courier of the same date lias tho following : — We learn from a .correspondent that the new gul.l field at lioonu Boonu is likely to turn out wall. He recommends none but parties accustomed to 'dig' to try- their fortune.' Benefits of the Clyde Road. — A correspondent of ?the 'Goitihiirn Chronicle makes tho following remarks on 1 he opening of t Ik? Clyde River Road .- — Tho Clyde road ?is already-beginning to tell on tiie prosperity of our town 4iud district, Jiud I prophesy that before two years pass over our heads a thorough revolution will have taken place here. Tho traffic has already begun to set in, and ?each arrival of the Steamers from Sydney in the Clyde ftas had the effect of ' infusing new blood into our popu lation. We have long wanted strange faces nnd new ciiterprize amongst -us ; our hitherto isolated position has ??cut us off from these materials of prosperity: wo have, i been going on, year after year much in tho mill-house j fashion, maintaining the track of t circle and finding I ' ourselves, whether concerning our gold-fields or our : grain-fields, as fur forward .in tho end us we wero in the beginning. Population has been the desideratum here, ; and now we are likely to get it ns there are no longer ];'-0 miles of tedious land journey from Sydney. In little ?over 30 miles we can reach the navigable waters of the Clyde — a distance that can be aeeompli.-hed on horseback ?in four or five hours, or in s, vehicle i;\ about eight, for bo it dismembered that the road is not as level as Salisbury i plains. Arriving at the said waters, you can walk from ; the bank on to the Nora Creinu, which, with its steam | up and hissing, will bear you to Sydney with the even I strokes of its pr.dd!e wheels — which, by tlie by, aro so I monotonous in sound «s to lull you to sleep, aiid make 1 you oblivious to the wearisomeness of the waters' waste, a What a delicious change is the route from the old one of I dust and ?' bulgas.' Tlie invalid will visit ns for the | benefit of the sea voyage, and for tlie picturesqueness of I , ' our scenery. Diggers will throng to our mines, which | are yielding more to the blow of the pick than the mines | of Victoria ; the farmer will como amongst us to take up I . o ir unoccupied land; the trader and the artizan will | settle down in our town or form new ones for developing A ' their enterprize and their labor. What a change will b j | brought about, and to as and thoso that come how bune 3 iieial will it be. I see another advantage in this new 55 ruad. Wo shall be able to get servants to attend to our j household work. Hitherto, wo have been compelled to ^ pay some £17 or £18 fur tho expenses of a married | couple from Sydney, and at this cost we havo been buying only a pig-in-a-poke. If the couple aro useless ;j they aro dear at what has been given for their fare and i| expenses, nnd if any good, thoy will probably leave you | in the lurch, allured away by promises of higher wages. People havo been trying to do u ithout servants, or tliev cjntenfc themselves by taking any sort of make-shifts that | travel about tho country. 1 Tiie Woi.Ijo.mdi Ghost — Not a littlo interest luia | been excited by the story of the ghost at Quaiiibolong, | which appeared somo time ago in our columns, and not a | fow inquiries have been made as to the result of the I search that it was understood was to be made. We | can only say that the affair is still enveloped in mystery. Il'iftoon men wero engaged for some time in digging into tlio bed of the dry creek pointed out by tho ghost us the spot where tho remains of its corporeal tenement lay bid. But as, although in ordinary seasons tlio bed of j this creek is dry, there is now a current of water finding I a passage below tho surface — a result of tho ruins o? last year— the search could not be carried out as far i us wus wished. Tho interest connected with the tale is i maintained, howevor, by tho fact that a bono was found ; but doubts were expressed as to whether it was not tho bono ot a bullock, instead of a part' of the remains of t a human subject. We hear that the bone was to bo subjected to tho examination of a mcdical man and that the search will bo renewed at un early period. — Maitlund Mercury. \f ^ Found Dead is tub Busii —Our District Constable, f Charles Burrows, who was uiissinir since hist Friday, wns \u found yesterday, having died either from nppoplexy or a coup de soliel. He wns last seen at Wooloowooioo, which ho left complaining of being unwell, and though pressed to remain ho still insisicd upon leaving, being desirous to reach his homo. His horse with tlio saddle aud puck re turning to tho neighborhood shortly after, nrouso.l tho (suspicion that something had happened to its rider ; Parties went out to search' for him, and assisted by a ({renter number tlio next and following days, mill searched in vain. On Monday a number of blacks were hired, who, , directed by seent, soon discovered his body nt tlio head if tho_ Long Flat; but in such a frightful state of decom position, that after it had been viewed by Mr Day, P.M., and Air Croakor, J.P., could only bo placed in a sheet or two of bark und buried in a deep hole closo to the spot wliero his remains wero found. A magisterial inquiry wis to be held to-day. Tho deceased was much esteemed for his amiable and obliging disposition, as well us for his unobtrusivo, yet ellicient discharge of his official duties. It is supposed ho had partaken too freely of spirits, which together with being exposed to tho excessive sultriness of tm hot wind blowing that day, wns the causa of his (?death. — Manning Rivor Correspondent of Etrpire, '(-? Accidentally Drowned. — A woman servant belong ing to Mr Wangh's educational establishment at Bungay was drowned about ton days since while bathing in tho Manning. Somo blacks wero either with her or in tlio neighborhood at the time but did not saro her and when thoy gave the alarm it was too late. A son of Captain Creugli's found hor almost in a standing position, with but a few inches Of wator above her hewd. It is sup posed that she was seized with cramp aud was unable to reach shallow water. — Manning liiver Correspondent of Empire. Weather, Chops, Ac. — Both day nnd night have been unusually sultry, and tho hot winds like blasts from a furnace, havo been parching up all our vegetation. Some days tho thermometors havo stood at 114 in the shade. Extensive bush fires havo greatly contributed to alignment tho oppressivo character of tho atmosphere. Tlio forest for many miles uround appears in the blackest state of desolation, und yot a few days like tho present, cloudcd, with soft showers, will soon cover iL again with greenness and glory. A great quantity of early corn, just cobbing, has been destroyed by the drought ; in somo places they havo cut it down and rcplunted it with Colibett's corn Wo aro much indebted to you for your publication of tho wa}' to convert tlio sorghum saccharatum into sugar. — Manning River Correspondent of Empire. Improved Stock. — We aro glad to hear that tho recent purchasers of the Broeklesby Station havo brought up to our district some valuable Clydesdalo stock, con sisting of two entires and two mares, recently imported fiom Scotland. This description of horse is much wanted to improve the breed iu nn agricultural district such as ours; and wo trust should arrangements bo made at our next Agricultural Exhibition to procuro a good show of horses, to see tho above included in tlio list of exhibited stock. — Border Post. The Late Calamitous Busn Fires. — Tlio whole country fo ? milos around has been laid waste by tho recent destructive and calamitous bush fires, and great will hi tlio loss and deprivation to many of our settlers from tho burning of their crops, the perishing of every morsel of feed for their horses and cattle, and tho destruc tion to all kinds of property. But wo Iiuyo heard of none who havo been so unfortunate during this tcrriblo visitation as Captain M'Culluni, of Good Hope. That gentleman's loss exceeds in value £701). The fire broke out during t'lo lioL winds of Friday last, and came in a direction unlooked for. Some time sineo Captain M'Cal lum made several attempts to burn the thistles that sur real). lod his property. After buining tho grass around tho wheat and bay stacks, and some distance on each sido tho fencing, Captain M'Cullum felt himself safe from any firo that might break out in his vicinity. IIow exer, on Friday last, tho captain was startled from his thoughts of fancied security by the information that a fire had broken out, and that the flames wero marching through the thistlos— which were at this tinio ten and twelve feet high — at the rate of about 30 or 40 miles an hour toward the whole of his last year's produce Captain M'Cullum and family hud only time to view from a distant rising ground the destructive element pour into the barns nnd stacks, along tho fencing of their property, and through a stone house which had been erecied at a cost of £1200 two or tin eo years since, but which they lnid kopt unoccupied since ihe floods that had inundated it. They had no power to arrest tho progress of the lire, and property to the value of nearly £1000 became a sacrifice. Others have been sufferers, and amongst tliem wo may mention Mr. Charles Hall, of Yeumburra, who has had all his run burned, and will experience much difliiulty in getting feed for his sheep. Mr. Shinkwin, und others ou the Ynss liiver, havo been in great danger, the fires coming down upon their crops at the rate of a mile a minute ; but by dint of great perseverance the grogress of the flames was stayed, and their ruin pro - vented. On Friday night the fence of Mr. Wiiliam Davis, of tho Gap, was consumed, and it was with difficulty that the house and outbuildings wero saved. Ou Saturday night a heavy rain camo on, put out the fires, and thus saved the couutry from further calamity. — Goulbum Herald. 