LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE IPSWICH MECHANICS' SCHOOL OF ARTS---This institution was publicly opened on Tuesday evening last, in presence of a large number of subscribers, by the president. Mr B Cribb, M.P- in a brief ad- dress, after wlhich he introduced to the meeting Mr. J. Malbon Thompson who had kindly volunteered his services to deliver an address on the subject of Animal Magnetism. Mr. Thompson began his lec- ture by shortly advertising to tbe opening of the in- stitution, congratulated the members on tbe progress they had made, and stated that the subscription list numbered over 100; most of them not mere circu- lating library subscribers, but earnest and thinking men. He concluded this part of tiis subject by ex- pressing his opinion that to carry out the wurk efficiently the institution would, sooner or later, have to appeal to the public for support; and he expressed his confidence (in which we join) that that appeal, when made, would not be unavailing. He then proceeded to tbe subject of the evening — Animal Magnetism, or Mesmerism — and claimed for it the dignity of a science. He pointed out that if the facts were true they must lead us to the law of the phenomena, and that the study of this law was science. He shortly adverted to the supposition that in tbe ancient world mesmerism was known : but, being confined to particular classes, such knowledge appears to have died ont. He then adverted to tbe re-discoverer. Mesmer. and regretted the mummery which he and his followers practised, to which he attributed the neglect of the science until very lately. He then gave a rapid history of the different mesmeric states, including thought-reading, clair- voyance, and the still more wonderful state of ecstasies, in which. however, the lecturer guarded himself from expressing belief. As instances, he referred to the power of thought-reading of the novelist Tooke, and the well- known and attested clairvoyant powers of the enthusiast Swedenborg. Mr. Thompson also referred to the modern theory of ghosts, and in connection therewith and other mat- ters in Baron Reichenbach's discoveries as to tbe mesmeric fluid, or odyle, as he calls it. After re- ferring to mesmerism as a curative agent, Mr. Thompson concluded by citing the names of Pro- fessor Gregory, of the Edinburgh University, and Baron Reichenbach, as his authority for some of the startling statements he had made. Mr. Thompson then subjected some eleven men to the process generally known as electro-biology, and succeeded in getting one man sufficiently susceptible of the mesmeric influence to have complete control over his muscular action, so as to exhibit the common phenomena of mesmerism in the conscious state, and succeeded in tbe experiment in making him forget his name. The lecture was listened to with great attention, and the satisfaction of the audience was frequently expressed. With the experiments, about three hours were occupied in its delivery. It became evident that however well tbe present building may serve for a library and reading-room, it is insufficient and unfitted for a lecture- room— a large number of persons being compelled to remain outside from want of space. Before public lectures can be made to contribute to the popularity or sup- port of the Institution, it will be necessary to obtain a much larger building for the purpose. And we must express a hope that the genera] public will contri- bute their assistance to provide a proper lecture-hall, which could hereafter be available for public pur- poses or amusements. Such a building has long been required in the town for meetings, concerts, and balls ; aud we believe that it was in contemplation a short time since to raise £1500 to build one. Would it not be possible to make an arrangement embracing both objects? The necessity for a lecture room is pressing and immediate, and fortunately there is a large unoccupied space at the rear of tbe allotment where it may be erected, without destroy- ing the present buildings ; and when the Institution is in possession of sufficient funds a street front may be erected, to contain the usual class and reading rooms, secretary's residence, &c; This method would avoid expensive alteration, at the same time secure tbe advantages of light and ventilation, so requisite for a public hall. ACCIDENT TO MR MR A MACALISTER— We regret to learn that when returning home, about three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, Mr Macalister was thrown from his horse with considerable violence. Dr. Lucas was summoned, and promptly iu attendance. The injuries sustained were tbe fracture of the collar bone, and the acromion process of the scapula. From enquiries made last evening, we learn that Mr Macalister's symptoms were considered favour- able, and that be he will probably be convalescent in a few days. THE BREMER AND THRE BRISBANE— The continued freshes in these rivers have somewhat delayed the operations of Mr. Roberts in removing the obstacles to navigation. COMMERCIAL — Tbe arrival of several large parcels of wool, the improved state of the roads, and favour- able season, combine to produce somewhat more animation in town, and should fine weather continue, a large amount of business is anticipated during the next few months. Fat stock has been at a premium during the wet weather, good mutton being particu- larly scarce. Messrs. Broughton and Fattorini re- port tbe sale of 700 bead of mixed cattle, more or less, all calves under six months given , at 35s, per head, delivered on tbe station. They also report, from their Sydney correspondent, of salesof a small lot of New England wethers at 11 s. 6d-, and a mob of store cattle at 41s. Skins, hides, and station tallow fetch quite as remunerative prices in Ipswich as in Bydney.and they have quitted several parcels at most satisfactory rates. Second-hand household fur- niture is quite a drag in the market. They have received good unoccupied cottages to the west and south-west for sale, but, in consequence or the doings in Council, the market is very unsettled. Tallow, from 35s to 45s. per cwt. Wool has been purchased at ls.8d. per lb. all round, deliverable in Ipswich: it has also been purchased at Is. 9½d-, deliverable in Sydney; hides 7s.;skins 4½d .to 6dper lb. Trade in Ipswich in all its branches has been greatly de- pressed during the last three months, money very scarce and difficult to collect. House-rent has been affected, and many residences can be seen untenanted. The continued wet prevents the wool from coming down, and has also caused considerable loss to the sheepowners, who were not so fortunate as to have concluded shearing before the rains set in. Sheep of all kinds command fair prices, but mixed cattle and store are in excess of the demand. The following produce has been received and forwarded to the port, viz:— From tbe stores of Geo. H. Wilson and Co- — 23 bales wool, S&G; in heart; 7 ditto, half diamond, over MD conjoined. overD; 4 bales skins, REFT; 20 bales wool.WW : 11 casks tallow. TW& Co. From the stores of Mr. T. Boyland , — 10 bales wool. W. Wilson : 4 ditto. H B Fits ; 5 ditto. G. Thorn : 30 ditto. J. D. McLean ; 4 hhds, tallow, 4 bundles sheepskius. J. Taylor. From Messrs.W. Gray and Co's. stores, — 56 bales wool, Talgai. From Messrs. R. Towns & Co 's. stores. — 44 bales wool, W. B. Tooth, Clifton. 