THE INTRODUCTION OF PROTESTANT- ISM INTO IRELAND. SIR,—As the Rev. Mr. Cameron asserted with characteristic modesty that Saint Patrick was a Scotch Presbyterian, I beg to send you a true and indisputable account of the first introduction of the doctrines of the " blessed Reformation" into Ireland ; and I defy Mr. Cameron to dispute that account. Dr. Heylin, a Protestant, thus describes the in- troduction of the so-called " Reformation" into Ireland, in his history, p. 300 :— " King Henry VIII. broke the ice (says Heylin), by taking to himself the title of supreme head on earth of the Church of Ireland, exterminating the Pope's authority, and suppressing the monasteries and religious houses. In matters doctrinal and forms of worship, as there was nothing done by him, so neither was there much endeavoured in the time of King Edward. And whatsoever was done, was presently undone again in the reign of queen Mary. But queen Elizabeth having settled her affairs in England, and undertaken the protec- tion of the Scots (who, as he tells us, p. 299, had bound themselves by their subscription to embrace the liturgy and all the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, which for a time remained the only worship for the Kirk of Scotland) conceived herself obliged in point of piety, that Ireland should also be made partaker of so great a benefit. A par- liament is therefore held on the 12th of January (an. reg. 2. 1560), where passed an act restoring to the crown the ancient jurisdictions over all ecclesi- astical and spiritual persons ; by which statute were established both the oaths of supremacy and the high commission, as before in England. There also passed an act for the uniformity of common prayer, with a permission of saying the same in Latin, in such church or place where the minister had not the knowledge of the English tongue. But for translating it into Irish there was no care taken, either in this parliament or any following. For want whereof, as also for not having the scriptures in their native language, most of the natural Irish here retained their old customs, and adhered to the Church of Rome. The people by that statute are required, under severe penalties, to frequent their churches, and to be frequent at the reading of the English liturgy, which they understand no more than they do the Mass. By which means the Irish were not only kept in continual ignorance as to the doctrines and devotions of the Church of England, but we have furnished the Papists with an excellent argument against ourselves, for having the divine service celebrated in such language as the people do not understand." You may easily suppose the singular and ridicu- lous effect produced on a witty and sarcastic people, such as the Irish are admitted to be, by the preach- ing of a set of English Protestant parsons, speaking in an unknown tongue to them. The description given by Thomas Ward, in his celebrated " Cantos on the Reformation," is so natural and so characte- ristic that I think the publication of the account of the first Protestant sermon in Dublin cannot fail to be both interesting and amusing to your readers ; so I send you a long extract from the Second Canto : it could not be well curtailed without injuring this comical but withal accurately descriptive narrative. Your obedient servant, A MILESIAN. Had you at Le'erpool been, or West Chester, O heavens ! you would ha' blest Yourself, and cross'd and sign'd your een, Such shoals of parsons to have seen, As thither from all parts came skipping For Dublin, and staid there for shipping. Being come at last ashore in Dublin, They all the country fell a troubling, For as a leprosy does spread To sole of foot from crown of head ; Or like a pestilential air, Those parsons, and their Common Prayer, Spread Ireland over in a trice, As thick as Egypt was with lice. And more molesting were by far Than frogs, or lice, or locusts there. The public Mass was put to flight, As day is banished by the night ; A work performed, not by the dint Of parson's prayer or argument. But by a strongly armed power, Provided by the queen before. An easy way to make folk come To kirk, when summoned by a drum ; Yet all they heard when they came there Was, in strange tongue, a common prayer. As polished parsons, without blushing, Will cant, and bawl, and cuff their cushion, Correcting others for the sin Themselves are deepest plunged in, So, here in England, none more keen Than parsons, bishops, and the queen, To cry the Mass down, 'cause (they said) The priest in unknown language prayed : And yet themselves their prayer-book sent To such as knew not what it meant. And it was read, and psalms were sung, And sermons preached in unknown tongue Among wild Irish : where not one Knew what they said ; but cried, O hone ! O hone ! they cried, and shaked their heads With grief, to change their Mass and beads, For what they knew to be a prayer No more, poor souls, than Banks his mare. It would have pleased ye to have seen Some of those English parsons, when They took possession of the steeple, And fell a praying 'mongst the people. Behold one in a country kirk Performing thus his Sunday's work : Making his entry into desk, He turned his book to Sunday's task, Stroked down his beard, composed his face, And gets him set in proper place ; Lets fall the casement of his eyes, Thereby to make 'em leave the skies : Till, being turned to downward look, He sets 'em open on his book : All which performed, in graceful tone, Thus he his liturgy begun : At what time sinners do repent, Et cœtera,(for on he went, As if his rev'rence were inspired) The people mightily admired, And at his antic gestures gazed, But at his language most amazed ; And grieved to the very soul, To change their priest for such an owl. At last, being all brimful of tears, And he at this part of his prayers, We ha' done what we ought not to have done : Out breaks O hone ! O hone ! O hone ! From all parts of the congregation, Which struck him into admiration, And made him, thro' excess of fear, Break off in middle of his prayer, With trembling lips, and face as pale As death, tho' lately flushed with ale ; But having ceased their O hone ! And uought of harm to parson done, He, like a man, o'ercame his fear, And reassumes his book of prayer ; With which, and in his former tone, He very leisurely went on : Till being come to, open thou Our lips : another hub-bub-boo Sounded from all sides of the kirk, And scared him from his godly work, From desk and all, and made him fly As fast as ever he could hie, 'Till stopped by sexton, as he ran : (The sexton was his countryman, And of his cloth too ; but, for want Of benefice, was then content To say amen, and set out psalm, Make graves and into kirk to call 'em By sound of bell, whene'er the time Pointed to him the hour of chime) But stopp'd, I say, and seeing no ill Meant by the noise, for all sat still, He came at last out of his fits, And gathered up his scattered wits : Assumed new courage, and grew brisk, And took his journey to his desk : Where, being seated in his chair, Gives laud and praise, and falls to prayer, When Io ! another hill-lil-im (Which he mistook for kill, kill, kill him) So stunn'd him, that he could not pray One word, but strove to get away : But, apprehending that his case Was worse a thousand times than 'tw A sudden trembling seiz'd each limb, His senses fail'd, his eyes grew dim, And in a cold sweat down he fell, Alive or dead he could not tell ; Which they perceiving, came and made Their usual noise as for the dead : For so they thought he was, poor man, And thus the dirge they then began : Oh ! hub-bub- boo ! (for all did weep, To see the parson dead asleep) What made thee die ? Oh ! dear Aroon, What made thee go away so soon, And leave thy tithes behind ? Hub-boo ! Had'st thou not tithe of calf and cow, Of lambs and ewes, and new shorn fleece, Of honey, wax, and bees, and geese ? Oh hone ! tithe duck, and sow, and pigs, Tithe chickens, hens and Easter eggs, Hay, corn, and what in gardens grow : Thou tith'd our wives and daughters too : And was not all enough, dear joy, But thou must needs take pet and die ? O hone ! O hone ! alas, poor man ! He'll ne'er read Common Prayer again. O hone ! O hone ! hub- bub-bub-boo, Ill-lill-lill-lill-lill-lill-lill-loo ! This note awakes him from his dream, And up he sets a horrid scream, With open mouth and staring look, I'm took ! (yells he) I'm took ! I'm took For he, deceived in his dream, Thought as he fled they followed him ; And they, no wiser tho' awake, Thought it the parsons sprite that spake, Crying, O hone ! he walks again, Hark how his spirit does complain ; Lo, how't appears with ghastly look. Yelling with horrid shrieks—I'm took ! As if those ugly fiends, that dwell Below, were dragging him to hell. At which, struck with a panic fear, They left the kirk and parson there, And scamper'd e'en as they were mad, Each one to that poor home he had ; When by and by th' amazed parson Being set, by sexton's help, his a—e on, Finding some signs of life appear, Groans out alas, my Common Prayer ! His book, good man, ran in his head, Now that he was no longer dead. SIR,—Allow me to give a short reminiscence of three past years, or just glance at the manner some teachers are annoyed in their endeavours to establish a country school, though not craving Government assistance. Towards January, 1855, the few Catholic inhabi tants in this sylvan retreat were most anxious for a preceptor of neglected urchins. A respectable resi- dent, having school- room and master at hand, for his own family, allowed him (the master, for his own emolument) to instruct any children who might embrace so good an opportunity. Our school house certainly would not fascinate the shade of " Wren," or please a disciple of " Pugin," but was the best that offered, and as such, should have been appre- ciated—in fact, no other person here could rear even a gunyah for educational purposes. However, the school opened, and jogged on for a few weeks first-rate with forty pupils, till two or three (a sort of local " bunch") fancied a mistress more suitable for the rising progeny. Accordingly they quietly made application, not giving the least intimation to our venerable upholder of Catholic schools that a master was located. Their wishes were attended to, and a mistress promptly sent, who took formal possession of the promised land : difficulties, alas ! stood in her way ; and this lady, no doubt consider- ing a leafy canopy rather primitive in such anti- Druidical times under which to pour forth the ora- cles of wisdom, complained bitterly, and justly, at bieng brought down without suitable accommodation. Necessity, 'tis said, has no law. One happy fellow, recollecting an old tent, formerly screening some bush bon-vivant, secured it for her use ; and a most unprecedented phenomena appeared, namely, two Catholic schools arrayed in civil strife ! one shel- tered under a roof of bark, its antagonist resembling some dwelling of Ishmael's wandering sons. The supporters of canvas soon felt dissatisfied with their protege. She was, in their critical ideas, " not all there ;" and many petty annoyances had the young woman to battle with. It is written " there is a time for all things ;" and the sequel bears out this pro- verbial truth ; for, one unpropitious morning our scholastic marquee scented not only the morning air, but a stout southerly burster, bade sundry ser- pentine adieus to its bark rival, escaped from the sapling which opposed its flight, and, like " old Booty's ghost," vanished, not into a volcano, but into some neighbouring bush, nor ever appeared since. The young lady, soon after this mysterious disappearance of her treacherous tenement, was mercifully wafted to another school. Thus perished the opposition, leaving a monopoly in the master's hands ; which monopoly, had he not remained in the same family, must have hastened his departure, or placed him in a worse position than that renowned hero, " Brian O'Lynn." It does seem " passing strange," that persons calling themselves members of our holy Church, instead of tendering friendship's hand, should place obstacles in a teacher's way, who is straining every nerve to carry out the good cause —indeed, some suppose that schoolmasters or mis- tresses must appear at their nod, and crawl to their capricious patronage : without doubt, many coun- try schools are feeling introductions to humility. I will no longer trespass on your valuable columns, but conclude this " rural (tent) scene," merely adding the school at present has a predilection for fractions of a doubtful character ; being once so unwisely scattered, considerable time must elapse ere it can be " itself again." Even our bark friend, though not exactly fearing a windy exit, yet adopts the fashion of " Pisa's Tower." The old veteran's orthodoxy will, no doubt, prevent any further devi- ation from the perpendicular, and still enable him to breast the " battle and the breeze," and remain, Sir, your very obedient servant, J. S. ST. MARY'S ON EASTER SUNDAY.—The solemn Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by his Grace the Archbishop, with the full attendance of two Deacons, two Sub- deacons, Master of Cere- monies, and a large concourse of well trained and devout acolytes duly arranged in their respective places in the sanctuary. The Right Rev. the Abbott was also attended by a Deacon and Sub-deacon. Every thing on and around the High Altar was magnificent. A variety of shrubs and evergreens, in fruit and blossom, were tastefully placed on the Alter steps of the sanctuary. The choir performed the various pieces of sacred music, arranged for the High Mass, in the most exquisite style. The church was intensely crowded. The number of communicants at the early Masses was very great indeed. The Archdeacon preached on the subject of Christ's Glorious Resurrection from the dead, and on his appearing to Mary Magdaline and to the Apostles on the first day of the week ; and then alluded to the lessons of Faith and morals that all Christians should learn and reduce to practice, in imitation of Christ risen from the dead to die no more, and who is now gone before to pre- pare for us a place in the Kingdom of His Eternal Father. The deputation appointed to wait on the Colonial Secretary, with the list of the unemployed, had an interview with him on Tuesday, and handed him lists of 765 persons, specifying trades and resi- dences. These lists were composed of carpenters, cabinet-makers, stonemasons, bricklayers, shoe- makers, tailors, mechanics, and labourers, and of every other conceivable calling. Mr. Cowper promised to lay the matter before his colleagues, and take such steps to meet the circumstances of the case as may he considered best. Mr. Wetton, agent for the Royal Mail Company, in a public letter, having reference to Captain Town's attacks on the Company, states that the captain had applied to him for the sub-agency of the mail ships at Brisbane, remarking at the same time, that " if Captain Towns believed honestly the charges he advanced against the Royal Mail Com- pany, he was not justified in either applying for or accepting the agency. 