F0t7NZ-.*TfOS:-ST0N*E OF THE SEW CATIIOIJC CllCtCU. lCNtwrfay tlie Arcb!-isbo;- laid tlic foaiidatiou sUine of the splendid stone church vriiicli our Uoinan Catlinlic brethren are erecting in this town, in accordance uitli the arrangements announced in our la-st issue. A vast concourse assembled around the veneral.le prelate, notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather. The meeting was not con fined to memtiers of the -Wngregatton, men of all denominations were tlwrc to u-i-h Gixl-sjiccd to the good work, and to give their more Mihstantial aid to the building i»v their contrifmtions on the fouuda tion-sronp. AVe understand iliat the vcfr handsaiiie sum of £o7« P.. 3d. xras cititribntnl. an.l we now lm-k \ forsrard to tlio pleasure ofstTingthisfinecluirch Trar- j ing Uf ?rranil pro|-ortioiis in our ini.isi, Ivfbre long. ! decorating our progressing tomisliiji. and afi'ording ; aiii|-!e arconimodation to iho large and respectable I section of imr community, for whose religious ser vices jt is intended. i In a cavity prepared beneath the foundation- 1 sti.no was de|i--sit.--! a mpy «f «ur last issue. printed en «,'.?-. together wirh some current coins of fireat Brii.-iin an.l oiln-r romuries, nml a fen old unique piecrs of copjM-r numrr and of silver: also, a l:ighlv di'coratnl iusciipiion on parchment, «rith a ropy 'of wliirh die Km-. U\ M-Giuty has faviuirrd ns. snd uliidj we have uiiidi pleasure in laying before our readers, together with au English tmnshition. (jssriupnoj: I In llomino Patrh ft Filii et Spiritns Rtjueti. — Atofn. Tu 6.1c J,m Chri,ti. Ad Cloriam Ihi Aliissimi, Ps-imarium Lspi-f^n ITujas E:cflsia, ad honoTetii /Mj'tra Cirpfnis Maria; Christianorum Auriliatria; follf/rarit Ji-ai,lici Jirda. Arrlfrphcopus .-y/fe«'rt!m*, BetfTtndo admodum .tcaritu- Jliffnty. Ttrcana. tt Ricertiid.) Giilirln.o M'Ginit/. ilitsionario Dittrittut ilinhlrrium pr«ba,tibnt. adbtnnt? -imph*sima fideivim corona, Die riamiao quinto Ocloliris, Auho Ttparatir mlvtitt, Muorei.vui. Flo KOXO feliriwmr Kretrthm Btgrntr, VICTORIA in fitiitaMi's r-j«a«f«, ft rjat Has in Aii'ir.jVut gwnU, Guild mo Thoma Jieniton. Ecmti- ovtsIoz Quem el yuox Dcus opiimtn rot/iiln din cotiserfd. (TBAKSLATfox.) fn tlie name of the Father, and of the Son, and n tlie Holy Ghost. — Amcu. In the Faith of Jesus Christ. To the til.iry of tlie Most Hirfi -!od. The F.-mndatiiwi-Stnnn i-f t'sis Chnrrb. dedicated io God iu honour of tlie Ulessed Virgin Slary, the IIeij- uf CnnisTiANS, was laid by John liede. Archbishop of Svdney : Tlie Vi-rv Eeverend John Hiuney. Di-iui. and the Iter. M'iliiain M. Gintv. SI Sssimiary of tlie District, Af*i?tnnt Ministers: in presence of a large concourse of tlie Faithful, this 2'tth day «f October. in tlie ye*r of our Ijird. MOGCCL.VIII. The Supreme Pontiff. His Holiness Pope PICS the Ninth. r Queen V3CTOEIA r^igrjiog in Great Britain, and Sir William Thomas Denison, Governor-General of Australia ; All wlioui may the Good God long preserve. THE AMATEUR THEATRICAL SOCIETY - The society gave two performances last week, on Wednesday and Friday. The pieces selected on these occasions were the comic drama of "My Son Diana," and the farce of "My Friend from Leatherhead." The style of these is much better adapted to the company and the taste of the audience than those selected for representation on the former nights. Mrs. Lennox sustained the character of the heroine, in male attire, with great success; and Mrs. Jones,, who appeared in the character of Louisa, is an invaluable accession to these boards. Messrs. White, Lewis, and Sparks, as Culpepper, Septimius Smith and John, sustained their characters very efficiently; and the "getting up"of the retired grocer and soi-disant officer, evinced great good taste. The acting of Mrs. Jones and Mr. McLoughlan, in the farce, was very good; the former, as Lemondrop, made an excellent Abigail, while Mr. McLoughlan, as Loophole, elicited roars of laughter by his personation of the country Adonis. A German band was in attendance, and performed several favourite airs. We regret to observe that the public do not support this attempt to provide rational amusement. The audience were far from numerous on either occasion, that there was a larger audience on Friday than on the previous Wednesday. Unfortunately, the first pieces selected were not of a character adapted either to the company or the audience; but the result of the performances last week have convinced us that the theatre deserves to become a place of popular resort. We hope, however, that now the great difficulty, "beginning," has been overcome, that success will eventually be attained. The Sevsutees-Wili: Hotke.— Tlic onrrntions for the improvement of the navigation at this place have m--r commenced, and will probably be completed in six or eeven weeks. Sum-; delay has been canned bv the late fresh in the river, ltnt the pants, ponder, and materials arc all now on the spot. The Qt'Ees's Abms. Jiwicii.— The license for tliis bouse granted to Mr. Jam--* Collirw. wns cancelled on Saturday tart, at the reqni-st nf the licensee. The Itazcnv l-ioci»-cs — A'thnngli tl»e report of the Hereto'* special corrcspiuidrnt is unfavourable, we find that Messrs. Ramsay and Gadtn. the prop i etorsof Onnonna. Jure ovinVer* their faith in a per manent demand for raoltoa by the purchase of 7000 wetlicrs, to lie delivered nest monih aftr sli&iring;, at 13s. per bead, half cash half bill .tt sis months, frnm Messrs. Kvist and U'ieuholt. I.'osalia Plains. We understand that some of our t»irnsinen. who left last week fur Rockhntupton overland, have returned home. Tun Coxet. — By a communication from M-. Iliml, of the Resent's I'ark Ol'seriatory, to the Times, we glean the following inf/)rni.-i*jon respi-ciing the couieu m«r visible. It was discovered 1'y Dr. Donali, at Florence, on the '±n& Juno, and from Mr. Hind'*- calculations die wiiki's *i-rlit on the. -JMth SeptemlHT voiilil l»e 160° greater than on its first appearance. Its nnrest approach to tlicrartii was on the 29Ui September, at whicli -1ate we t,eiiere it »as first seen in lliis district, 'i'.irinas cmijfvtattv have been made rcspoctin«* it. mid it bas erroneonsU been called Hicla's and Euckc's. It is more prolia l-ly tliat known as the comet of Cliarlcs Vtli., from the circumstance, if sre remenilicr arig'.it, of liic emperor believing it forctokenc' his death. Tlie period of this comet was known to l-e about 3uO years, aud astronomers had anticipate! its appear ance aliout this lime. Mr. Bind computes the ele ments of the oririt to lip : — Tassage through Perihelion. September 22nd, Sk. :'-Sui., a.m., Creenuicli time. rxingitndc of IVritiriion ? 32 S3 28 Ascending node ? ., ? ? 3C5 45 «-2 Inclination to the F-clij.tic ? fir, 14 17 l^ogari:lim ofdistancein Perihelion CttttiT lieiioct'iitric motion— retrograde. As IxPSoVEuraiT '*- ore Ixi,Axn Tnsrrtf. — Mr. n.-nngliuui has -tarte-l rwo six- burse waggons, to j.ly bewecn Ipsvicii and Drr-yton. Tliey left the funnir place on Thursday evening last, on an cx|«?rimenial trip. a«-} we art- gl.i-l to ilear arrived safe an fa'' as 'Laullcy Plains on Friday nisht. Tut «i:U5Iaxs.— Diviiie Service in the Ortnar. language will be conducted in the afternoon of Sun day' next, in die WVsl.-yan CJiiirrh in -!iis town, for the benefit «f the Germans, who are deprived of lae means --r Oiristtan worship l«-ransc of die absence of minioers «f their osra country aixi Their imper fect kiiourli-dge of Kunlish. It is uudciiiMod that tie Wesloyans iutoud tnakiug provision f,.r the spiitua] Jestitiiljon of our fellow colonists, and h'V *'1C t-ffon will he liighly raised l»r tjiose ii cnuxrus.— Commit nic- ilei. CoMMfMii.. — We have not yet hcar« «f aiv trans actions in tiie new clip yet, and U'tli s'SI'i'S and burcrs arc waiting fur npfrotinns to cd«iineiicc in Sydney, We have .xcullent acennr** f»™n *!?« iiiterittr, and with this fine we.-itlicr a*»rgc quantity nf wool will shortly arrive. Messrs ISmnditoii .isd I-'attorini report the s.ile. last we»k. of ?-''-» stlre wetliers. numing ou the HarlipgOonns. at l::s. | w head, deiiven- to he taken aBi'r shearing at ic station: a!si-. 2-- niilcii con'f- and calves, at £3 I*. per head. The following p«vlucc has been recv'n -d and forn-arded to the port: — From the stores of 3 h T. ?Jot-lam'.— 12 li.iles -onl. «r. Wilson to A.S. r. Co.; S ditto. «'. Thorn to A. S. T*. O-. ; 10 hides 1 hhd tallow. -1 hales ™J, 3 bundles sheepskins. I. ; iiirknuin: I bale wo.il. From Wr. -Jray and r- -. | stores.— 39 bales wool. Dnrsev ; 1 ditto. I- — Y. Fiiii j the store-: of Geo. H. Wilson!— 10 casks tall.nv. 1 : 8 dittto, IT; If bundles skius, 5 bags wool. Ad I ; ll-;l-.-tgsnlie:.t, UK. [AnvuBTisEiiF.ST.] — Messrs. Bronghton and I:- | Lorini It'g to call the attention of tlie pulilic to ll ir ! extensive sale at, tiie Qaera's Amis' Ho:el, -pf r. I M-Don.tM'ii betttilit'itl liouseho]-l ftimiture. Tin -'- ?' ton's Iiillisird talile. Cullards* pianos, engravings. :.. also, tlie -?-]uity of rotemption iu the estate of ic late .'allies Prior, of the brick premises at 1. ie If'swic'i, now orciij'ied as iun, at a yearly rcuti rf ! £-?30 jicr annum. j 