? ? To the Playhouse with my wife, it being a Quality Wight, where I had umch ado in procuring a scat. My wife angered because I did bestow so much need upon divers of the fair ladies, many whereof did acknowledge my courtesy with gracious smiles and a playful motion of tiie head. When the Governor came in till the people rose to (hi him reverence, and mc j thought when his Excellency his eye encountered mine, he did motion to the lady on his MY, Yonder is Master Pips ! Wheroat she did direct her glass to where I sat. scanning my person with a curious and admiring eye. Yet was I not all puffed up, for. in truth, custom hath reconciled me to be esteemed for my condition anu admired for my parts. I took mn."h pleasure in observing such a goodly show of beauty, and could not forbear wishiug I were a bachelor again, and young ; though in my coat of the new fa-hion and flowered waistcoat, my looking-glass telleth me I mj-.y challenge comparison with the youngest of the gallants, A little chit played Nan the Good-for-nothing, marvellously well considering her tender years, prompting the elder players, aud comporting hvrself tike a well accustomed tragedy queen before the spectators, which were to the number of two or three thousand. After that comes Covr-ix in a base habit, with no crown to his hat, using the same for a pocket, in the which he carried his handkerchief, and sang a lamentable ballad coneeruing a favorite dog which he loved as a brother, and which was wickedly poisoned : whereupon COPPIN'S heart was sorely affected, insomuch so, that he forewent his dinner beer, and would not lie comforted, until it fell out that he bought a mutton pie, which was not mutton but unfeelingly compounded of the flesh of the departed doz; hearing which every body in the playhouse, not even excepting the Governor, and a grave gentleman in white hair and spectacles (which I was told was his Majesty his Attorney-General) laughed as they would never cease, and I thought my wife would choke. Many people cried out encore, seeming glad to hear that Coppin's dog was dead, so, to pacify the spectators he did sing another ballad; also setting forth circumstances of tragical import, concerning the daughter of a rich soap-boiler which loved a youth of low degree, and being commanded by her father to marry a gay gallant against her "will, did thereupon refuse, drinking poison, and likewise the poor sweetheart, both making a lamentable end of theirlives upon a garden walk, and singing a madrigal after they were dead. At this The people laughed more consumedly than ever, and did compel Coppin to relate what the ghosts said, and how. the hard- hearted soap-boiler was punished for his cruelty. But. truly, I did pay but little heed to the players, because my eyas were employed in observing the pretty faces which did adorn the boxes, and my mind was much occupied with the roast pullet whi'ch the wenches at home were preparing for my supper. Presently the bell rang, and the curtain drew up for the burlesque of "Lai la llookh," written by a witty . rogue, which hath gotten a iiabit of punning, and is altogether as mad a wag as I did ever cope withal. There was a villain in the piece called COAUSE AXD BAD which my wife did think so excellent that she would fain have persuaded me to ask him home to sup with us; but she could not move me thereto, partly because the pullet was very small, and partly because I did not repute it handsome for SAMUEL PIPS to consort with players and such like folks. Howbeit, I applauded him in such wise, that an ill- manneredly knave in the pit, having no respect for persons of condition, cried out " Shut up," whereupon my wife, the redness of whose face was like that of her new cloak, would have had me send for the police, the which I refused. Not to speak of the diversion which I did derive from the dancers aud from Fadladeen (albeit the mad wit which hath writ the play hath come too near ministers of state and men in office*in depicting this character) I did much enjoy a certain song called lionp-de-doo, which is better than many pieces in many operas ; and to hear the common people in the pit and gallery stamping their feet and singing iu chorus was excellent sport. Likewise the music from Jl Trovatore pleased me, and the scenery did thoroughly content me. So home in a pleasant mood to supper, where the pullet being roasted to a turn, aud my wife with a headache, which did prevent her eating anything, I made a good'y meal, and did practise Roop-dedoo upon my violin then, comforting myself with my customary night-cap—a cup of mulled claret, partaken of with toast—to bed. 