UNION AMONGST PROTESTANT EVANS i GELIOAL CHURCHES. DURING the visit of the Rev. T. Binney to Adelaide, a memorial to the Bishop was signed by the Governor and many leading laymen of the Church of England, soliciting Mr, Binney to preach in one of the Episcopal Churches. The project was not carried out, as the Bishop was not in town when the memorial was ready for presentation, and the Dean and Chapter to whom it was referred possessed no authority to comply with the request. The proposal seems to have originated with the Governor, who started it in consequence of some expressions contained in a letter of the Bishop's to Mr. Binney, and which seemed to convey the idea that his lordship would not be sorry to see Mr. Binney in an Episcopal pulpit, and that such a thing would not be illegal. The Chief Justice expressed his opinion at the public breakfast to Mr. Binney that the Bishop could not, as the law stood at present, give such an invitation. The affair seems to have excited much interest in Adelaide, and probably many of our readers will peruse with interest the elaborate letter of the Bishop in which it originated. Bishop's Court, Sontomher23,1853. Rev. Sirs-I. During our intercourse yesterday at the house of a common friend, you were pleased to take notice of a remark which fell from me to this effect that we in this colony had the advantage of occupying "an historic stand- point," so to speak, from which we might look back upon our past social, political, and church life in England, and removed from the smoke and noise of the great mother etty, might discern through all its greatness somewhat of folly and meanness, of defect and vice, In its habits and institutions. The Furvcy would not be unprofitable if it should lend us to perceive how we had been blinded by Its attractions, so as to become unconscious of its faults and so hurried away by its footings and associations as to be insensible of the conventional bondage in which we then lived and moved. 2\. It must, I think, be admitted that the clerical mind is seen clearly swayed by party principles and sectarian prejudices. Withdrawn very much from practical into contemplative life, and valuing abstract truth as the basis of all moral obligation and excellence, clergymen are too apt to exaggerate the importance of certain truths which they conscientiously hold, and to treat as essential principles of the doctrine of Christ matters of inferential or traditional authority. I do not suppose that Nonconformist ministers are exempt from this failing, though it may be fostered in the Establishments home by the alliance of Church and State. 3\. Be this, however, as it may, both clergymen and ministers may look back with some degree of regret that a mid-wife of partition should so have separated kindred souls ; pledged to the same cause, rejoicing in the same hope, and devoted to the same duty of preaching Christ and Ulm crucified to a dark and fallen world. By the very discomfort, however, of thus " standing apart we are thrust rudely back upon the principles in which we have been brought up, and are constrained to put the question to our con- sciences, " Are you as sure of your ground as true to your convic- tions!" Are your views so authoritatively scriptural as to put you exclusively in the right !" And if, after careful review and earnest prayer, we still feel unable to quit the " old paths." yet does not this very enquiry dispose us to place a more liberal construction on the conduct of others, and to respect their equally stiff adherence to their contentions conventions ! A candid mind will not fail to see that much is to be urged on the other side of the question and if with our present lights we had lived in the time of our fathers, we should not perhaps have been disposed to break up the fellowship of the Reformed Evangelical Catholic " Church for non-essential points, or narrow Its communion on matters of Christian expediency rather than Christian obligation. 4\. I have thrown these remarks together by way of preface in order to show the course of thought into which an Episcopate of ten years in this colony has gradually led me. You yourself have given a fresh impetus to such reflections. Your fame as a preacher had preceded you. I knew that you would be welcomed by all who, in your own immediate section of the Evangelical Church, take an interest in religion, and by all In our own who are admirers of genius and piety, even though the echoes of your King's Weigh house sermon had not quite died away. Hundreds I knew would ask themselves, " Why should I not go and listen to the powerful preaching of Mr. Binney !" And when they had heard you reason of righteousness, temperance, and Judgment to come ; of Christ, who He was, and what He did-how Etc died for our sins and rose again for our justification,! felt assured that they would ask again, " Why is he not invited to preach to us in our Churches! What is the barrier which prevents him and other ministers from joining with our clergy at the Lord's table, and in- exchanging the ministry of the Word in their respective pulpits Was it any real difference with respect to the person, office, and work of the Redeemer, the power of the Spirit of God, or the lost condition of man without Christ and the Comforter !" 5\. I am truly glad that so considerable a person as yourself should by your presence in this colony have forced me to consider again the question, " Why I could not invite you to preach to our congregations;" to review my position, principles, beliefs, and prepossessions ; more especially as the absence of sectarian prejudice on your part, and the presence of all that in social Uro can conciliate esteem and admiration, reduced the question to its limpid ecclesiastical itimonslonB. 6\. Again and again the thought recurred to me, This sum is team roster cases! Still I felt that neither the power of your intellect, or vigour of your reasoning, nor mighty eloquence, nor purity of life, nor suavity of manners, nor soundness in the faith would justify me in departing from the rule of the Church of England, a tradition of 18 centuries, which declares your orders irregular, your mission the offspring of division, and your church system will not say schism-but duchesses. 7\. But white adhering to this conclusion, I am free to confess that my feelings kick against my judgment; and I am compelled to ask myself is this " standing apart " to continue for ever! Is division to pass from functional disease into the structural type of Church organization ! Are the Lutheran and Reformed, the Presbyterian and Congregationalist, the Baptist and Wesleyan bodies to continue separate from the Episcopal communion, so long in the world endureth! Is there no possibility of accommodation, no hope of sympathy, no yearning for onion ! Will no one even ask the question ! None make the first move ! Must we be content with that poor substitute for apostolic fellowship in the Gospel, " Let us agree to differ-," on an evangelical alliance which, transient and Incomplete, betrays a sense of want without satisfying the craving ! or are we reduced to the sad conclusion that as there can be no peace with Rome so long as the obscures the truth In Jesus, and lords it over God's heritage, so there are no common terms on which the Evangelical Protestant Churches can agree after eliminating errors and evils against which each has felt itself constrained to protest! Are not Churchmen, for example, at this day, just as ready as you, rev. Sir, can be to condemn the treatment of Baxter, Bunyan, and ! Defoe by a High Church Government ! And do not Independents and Presbyterians readily allow that a Leighton or Ken relieve Episcopacy from the odium brought upon it by the severities of a ' Loud or Sharp 8 It appears to me that in this colony we are placed in a peculiarly favourable position for considering our Church relations, because our great rock of offence has been taken out of the way I mean the connection between Church and State. We can approach the matters in dispute simply as questions of evangelical truth and Christian expediency. Neither social, nor civil, or ecclesiastical distinctions interfere to distract our view or irritate our feelings, there is no Church-rates conflict here! have accordingly seized the opportunity of laying before you a few thoughts on the possibility of an outward fellowship as well as inward union of the Evangelical Churches, with the hope that they may suggest enquiry if they lead to no immediate practical results. 9\. The questions I would propose for consideration are- 's' 1st. Whether an outward union, supposing no essential truth of the Gospel to be compromised, is desirable amongst the Protestant Evangelical Churches! 2nd. What are the principles and conditions on which such , union should be effected! I submit my ideas to you with great diffidence, but from the desire to show that there is no unwillingness on my part to calder > how we might possibly serve at one and the same altar, walk by the same rule, Bud preach from the same pulpits the words of this salvation. 10\. With regard to the first point, I conceive outward union to he desirable, because It appears to me to be scriptural and apostolic. That all the congregations of the Universal Church 1 were subject under Christ to the twelve Apostles, and that the decree directed by the Holy Ghost, hut framed by James with Simon Peter, Paul, and Barnabas, and assented to by the elders and brethren, was delivered to the Churches to keep is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles. That the whole Church was viewed as one visible body by St. Paul is evident when he bids the I Corinthians give offence to neither Jews nor Gentiles, nor the Church of God and whatever be the figure under which the Holy Spirit characterizes the body of true believers in Christ, unity of organized life is the substratum of the idea beat vine or olive tree, family or household, city or kingdom, the body or spouse of Christ, the thought is still the same. What, then, should we think of a family whose several members inhabiting the same house kept each to his own chamber, and though continually jostling on the common stairs rarely exchanged a friendly salute and never a visit. Is this family life ! And is" it true Church life to say I am of Peter, and I of Paul, and I of Luther, and I of Knox, and I of Wesley, and I of Whitfield, and of the Fathers 1 Are we not carnal and Speak as men In the apostolic ago there must have been outward union of the Churches, so far at least as the general order of a common worship, the celebration of common sacraments, the profession of a common creed, and preaching in common the Word of Life 1 The spirit of Diotrephes we may hope was rare. 11\. If the odium theologicum be indeed the worst type of that disease, it might be expected that a real union of the Churches and their publicly acknowledged fellowship in the Gospel might arrest the progress of that malady. It is the effect of party-feel- ing, jealousy, and suspicion, fostered by rivalry and contention. Thus Christian sympathy, which is meant for mankind, is too often restricted to a system or a sect. On the other hand : 12\. In what an attitude of strength would such union place the Gospel of Christ before Jew and Gentile: before Brahmin and Mohammedan 1 No subtle Pundit would then point to the differences of Christian teachers as indicating error, at least in some, and uncertainty In all. No Bossuet could enumerate, and perhaps exaggerate, the variations of Protestants, and, unmindful of the like in his own communion, claim for the Church of Rome the symbol of unity as the mark of its being the True Church. But now, instead of fighting the Lord's battle as one great army, our resistance to the Powers of ETI is like the death-struggle of inkerman ; a series of hand-to-hand combats, broken regiments lighting in detached parties, never receding indeed, but incapable of combined effort or mutual support. 13\. It may, however, be urged, on the other side, that the divisions of the Christian Church are helps to its vitality, even as the troubled sea which cannot rest is thereby preserved from stag- nancy and corruption that rivalry promotes exertion, and exertion results in expansion. Yet has not the Bible Society attained its present strength by acting on the opposite principle! Is it not because all Protestants can unite in furthering its object, \--a.. Affinity ""of huntsmen pathetic triumphant! 14\. The union, I contemplate is not a yoke of subjection-an iron rule suppression of individual or sectional thought, aspira- tion, energy, and action ; far otherwise. If the great Apostle or the"_S8S would provoke his brethren after the flesh. to jealousy in order to save some-if he stirred up the Churches of Macedonia by the forwardness of Acrasia and reciprocally urged the AchaUn Churches to be ready with their contributions lest he should be ashamed of his boasting concerning honorary aCTing was striving for the mastery is not to be cast out as unmeet for the Christian commonwealth: Unity is compatible with variety, and variety is pregnant of competition. God has crea abscess vertebrate type of animal organisms; but how infinitely diver- sified are the special forms I I know no reason why, in our re formed branch of the Catholic Church there might not bear- ticular congregations of the Wesleyan rule, of J^fin^.ven"«. th of internal discipline or usage or form of worship, sends the Society of Ignatius Loyola, or Dominic, or I Francis, <*«"f,£¿£ nay, it is founded on stereotyped separations. I pass to the second Teatro the principles and possess FSS? of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be writes 15\. It must be evident, I should suppose afte J in silence of 300 years, that neither the Episcopalian, nor Prestyienan Congregationalists reasonably hope to force upon the our world his own particular system. Is ¡**c%°°" orJTUo_thosc titled by the Word of God to exolu?»/^reh Government believer who do not follow the same rule of Church Government. If, however, submission may not be demanded on the ground of its necessity to salvation, then any negotiation for outward union may and must proceed on grounds of what is best Mid west, man likely to unite, as being most in accordance with Scripture and ""Gull, v!, "seditions;" literally, "standing apart." apostolic tradition I He must lay aside hard words-schism, i Church authority, sectarianism. In the comity of nations defacto Governments are recognised and treated with the question whether they are nVjure is left in abeyance, Se must it so with respect to any action of the Churches. They must meet together like brethren who have been long estranged, yet retaining the ttrongaffeotionofoarlyyouth, resolve to forget the subject of their dispute, and walk together in the house or God as friends It will be unnecessary to ask a Which man did another man or his patents !" or to say, Thou wast altogether born in sin, and dost thou teach us or, "we forbad him, beeanT ho followeth not us." No ; we must meet in the spirit of Godly fear, of mutual respect, with the earnest desire by all right concession to promote God's truth, and advance Christ's kingdom. We must receive one another, but not to doubtful disputations 16 A second principle is, "Wherein we have attained, or shall attain, that some rule must be publicly acknowledged, in that rule we must walk and by it steadfastly abide as grimly' believe with Mr. Maurice, in his " Kingdom of Christ," that the Church of the apostolic age embraced even- principle for which in later times each section of the Christian world has felt it necessary to contend, even to separation from the main body of the brethren But the Church of the apostolic age, the true v visible model Church, does more It harmonises them all, giving to each its due place, its real proportion. Each portion of the truth, obscured, distorted, or denied in the medieval Church, each detail of the outward building of God, has been jealously rescued from corruption or decay by sects or individuals. It remains, perhaps, for this or the coming generation to restore the orginal fabric, and Ukoawaj whatever is inappropriate, unsightly, or inconvenient. But Is the spirit as yet willing ? Alas, I know not. It is certain that the flesh is weak. 17\. Let me endeavour to state, as accurately as I can, what seems to be the leading idea, the characteristic principle, of each section of the Christian Church - 2. 4 6 The Church of Rome, then, contends for external unity, founded on one objective creed, in subjection to one visible head of the Church on earth The Lutheran for justification by faith, antecedent to and irrespective of works. The Reformed Calvinistic Church upholds the free and severely grace of God. " The Anglican witnesses for a scriptural creed, apostolic orders. and a settled liturgy. The Presbyterian assert the, authority of the Presbytery, as derived immediately from the Holy Ghost. The Congregational ist claims unlimited right of private judgment and the independent authority of each congregation, as a perfect Church, over its own members. The Wesleyan preaches spiritual awakening, sensible conversion, and social religious exercises. The Baptist contends for personal religious experience previous to admission to the Church. Every one of those principles is substantially, though not exclusively, true When their mutual relations are forgotten each becomes exaggerated, the beauty of proportion is lost, and a faulty extreme is made the Shibboleth of schism. Is there no analytical process possible, no law of affinity, by which the spiritual mind could precipitate the error, and leave pure and limpid the Gospel stream ? or remove from the much fine gold of the Temple the dross with which it is alloyed Î Would there not still remain a scriptural truth, a godly discipline, a settled order, a common altar, a united ministry, a visible union as well as fellowship in the Spirit ! Might there not still be variety in unity, partial diversity of usage, and a regulated latitude of divine worship î The Episcopalian, the Presbyterian, and Congregationalist might consent to harmonise what they cannot exclusively enforce , they might surely in understanding be men," and exercise the great privilege of spiritual men- that is, combine freedom with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions. 18 But it is time to draw those general remarks to a close, and define with somewhat more of precision that Church of the future which is to conciliate all affections and unite all diversities. I scarcely know which to admire most, the pleasantness of the dream, or the fond imagination of the dreamer. Still, let me speak, though it be " as a fool." My object is not to dictate proceedings, but to suggest consideration to provoke enquiry, but not form conclusions. And since concession in matters not absolutely essential to salvation or positively enjoined must be the basis of the system adopted by the various Evangelical Churches, It may be fairly put to me in the language of the proverb " Physician, heal thyself." I will begin, then, with the Church, of England, and will state what it appears to me can be given up for the sake of union 1. A State-nominated Episcopate. 2. Compulsory uniformity of divine worship. Already the farmer has given place in Canada and New Zealand to an Episcopate freely elected by the Church itself. The latter, it appears, even in England, is only required from the clergy in parish churches, but not when preaching in the fields, or streets and lanes of the city. In addition, then, to the separation of Church and State in this colony, and the absence of the legal machinery connected with that union, greater freedom and diversity in the modes of worship seem attainable and an Episcopate, moderate in its pretensions as well as constitutional in its proceedings, associated with and not lording it over the Presbyters ; above all, chosen by the free suffrages of the united clergy and laity. I believe the doctrinal articles of the Church of England and many others among the Thirty-Nine are allowed on all sides to be scriptural. I conceive, then, that a settled form of sound words, a deposit of objective faith, would not be deemed a yoke of bondage, but a guide to truth. I conceive, also, in order that all might worship with the understanding as well as the spirit, that certain liturgical offices such for instance as the Litany, might form part of the stated services, but not to the exclusion of extempore prayer in connection with the sermon at the discretion of the preacher. So also in the administration of the Sacraments and conferring Holy Orders, a portion of the office might be fixed and invariable and a portion left to ministering pastors. These points being settled, The trial, nomination, Institution, or designation operators, the dissolution of theiroonncotionvvith their flock or removal, their mode of payment, the internal discipline of the congregation over their members and officers, are details which may well be left for after regulation, if indeed there is really much or any injurious difference at present existing in these matters. A spirit of mutual forbearance and real affection must be largely shed abroad before such a system as here spoken of can possibly be inaugurated. Even if thought feasible for the future, how can it be made to take retrospective effect 1 now can we who are de facto ministers, and think ourselves to be de jure so, besides being pledged to our respective systems, throw ourselves out of the one to enter upon the other is Let us search the Scriptures for guidance. The beloved discs ple was instructed to write by the Holy Spirit to the seven angels of the seven churches of Asia, and Titus was left by St. Paul in Crete to ordain elders in every city as he had appointed him But besides these later exertions of apostolic authority, vic find Barnabas and Saul separated by the Holy Ghost to a special mission through the laying on of hands and pray one of the prophets and teachers of the Church at Antioch, Simeon Mgcr, Lucius of Cyrene, and Manama Assuming the existing ministers of the several denominations to be recognised as de jure by their congregations, and de facto as such by the Anglican Church, might not the bishops of the latter, supposing the before-mentioned terms of union were agreed upon to take effect prospectively, give the right hand of fellowship to them, that they should go to their own flocks, and mission also as preachers to the Anglican congregations, when invited by the pastors of the several churches ! if the license of the bishop can authorise even lay readers and preachers, how much more men like yourself separated to the work of God, eloquent and mighty in the Scriptures 1 Indeed, I do not feel sure that I should have violated any ecclesiastical law in force in this diocese or province, by inviting you to give a word of exhortation to each of our congregations. In this way, then, of mission without compromise, but on declared assent to certain fixed principles and truths, existing ministers might co-operate with us in the preaching of the Gospel, and under the benign influence of this brotherly love a Reformed Catholic Church might grow up and, like the rod of Aaron, awful low up our sectarian differences. 20\. I have said nothing about hypothetical ordination, which has been suggested (like conditional baptism where irregularity in the administration may be suspected), became it savours of evasion or collusion, neither of which is agreeable to Christian simplicity and due for agency for God's ordinances. Neither have I suggested the consecration as Bishops of existing Wesleyan Superintendents and Presbyterian Moderators, or those who, like yourself, seem scaled alike by nature and the Spirit to be special overseers in the Church of God Missions, as preachers to our congregations, without imposing the obligations incident to the incumbents and curates of Churches, but not until full evidence had been given before license of soundness in the faith, would seem to meet the exigencies of the case so far as regards the present generation of ministers who have received Presbyterian orders. Having attained to this step, perhaps God would reveal to us a yet more excellent way Old systems have, in fact, been found wanting. Which of the Churches now existing is so perfect, so scriptural, so apostolic, as to ensure instant acquiescence from the enquirer to the exclusion and condemnation of all others I If there be none will all the learning and eloquence and traditional authority devoted to the support of each persuade the present or future generations to substitute another for that in which they have been brought up ! A few may perhaps be convinced or converted, but the masses never. A fresh combination must therefore be sought, traditional prejudices must be Bctasido, cherished associations laid upon the altar of love to rise, Uko angel messengers, in the flame of sacrifice, to purer and loftier spirituality I Oh for that millennial reign of peace when a Chalmers or a Cumming, a Birnie; or a Watson, might serve at one altar and plead from one pulpit with the Bishops and clergy of the Church of England! It is the cause of God and Christ, of truth and holi- ness, of righteousness and peace, of faith and duty, of grace and salvation, of man delivered and Satan bound, or God alone exalted on that day, and reigning on Mount Sion gloriously. Then might the fulness of the Gentiles come in, then Israel be restored, then Babylon overthrown, and that regenerated state of this fallon world be made manifest' for which Jehovah reserved the last great display of His providential love-the union in the God-Man of the Manhood with Himself. I remain, dear Sir, respectfully yours, AUGUSTUS ADELAIDE. . Canon 54 of the Province of Canterbury, A p. 1003-4, requires conformity as a sine qua non to preaching in the parish churches of England I do not know that it is binding in colonial dioceses. It shows that persons were licensed to preach who were not disposed to take upon themselves all the obligations of the parish priest under the Establishment. In reply to this letter, Mr. Binney promises a pamphlet expressive of his views on the subject, as soon as he can find leisure for composition. Hut the concluding paragraph of his letter partly unfolds his opinion. He says : I beg. then, to assure your Lordship that while I highly admire the kin-and Christian feeling that prompted your communication, and cordially sympathise in the desires and aspirations after more visible union to which you have given surname. I, greatly fear that the idea you entertain and would take rea ii of in "the". one mast, and not only too much, but that it has that in its elements which must be softened or lost sight of before it can find acceptance with others. It sometimes has the appearance of the old attempts at "comprehension" by which the early Non- conformists used to be solicited back again to the Episcopal Church; at others it looks like a wish to form a Church of the future" out of a fusion of the different bodies at present existing, all altering something, the result being a new order of things, in which, however, your ecclesiastical peculiarities shall predominate. Now, without entering into the question as to the likelihood of this being the case (which, however, I think likely), supposing amalgamation and fusion to occur,. I content myself with saying that it is premature to indulge in visions of the ultimate, before we have taken such steps as are possible to us-the only steps perhaps that may be possible for years to come, What we need first before anything else can be thought of or hoped is not the absorption by one church of others-not the conformity of others to it, of the toleration by it of thepecullorlttesof othcr«,nor yet an attempt to constitute a platform of discipline or service in which all mayglveupalittle(ormuch, perhaps, in some cases, the white No, it is not this First and foremost and alone, must come the honest and hearty recognition of each other, as churches and ministers (de facto only, If you like), by the different Protestant Evangelical denominations, their members and clergy. Let such recognition be shown by the occasional interchange of pulpits ; and let this again be understood to involve nothing and imply nothing but their substantial oneness in faith, as holding In common the essential truths of the common salvation. The liberty thus to invite service would compel no one to invite it, or any to open their pulpits to persons-good men in their way, whom -for many reasons, it might be inexpedient to receive. Then, again the rendering of service, so far simply as preaching is concerned, should be held to imply nothing on either side beyond the oneness of faith just referred to. Had your lordship, for instance, invited me to preach in the pulpits of your church, you ought to have been considered as committing yourself to nothing but to the recognition In me of a preacher of that Gospel which we hold in common, and of a minister of Christ according to the constitution of that portion of the Church to which I belong. It i is obvious, also, that I could not have been required to receive any license from your lordship; you would not have become my bishop, though you are one In your own communion, and I re- spect you as such. Those who would have needed your license would have been your own clergy ; they might have wanted your permission to act. In the same way neither you nor they would have been so far compromised as justly to be regarded as giving your sanction to notions or customs among the Congregationalists of which you may disapprove any more than I, by con- senting to preach the Gospel to your flocks, should have been justly supposed by that to profess anything else to accept, for instance, that interpretation of your " offices " (I distinguish them from the Liturgy), which involves sentiments which I do not hold; which sentiments, if required to be held and professed, are, in my view, an adequate ground of clerical nonconformity. No Church, either, whatever should suppose that it confers a favour on the minister of another's receiving him to its pulpit, but rather that it does what is proper and seemly for itself. When something of this sort is understood, and the first step taken in harmony with it, other things will follow, All other things and theories, however, must, I fear, be postponed until this be done. I believe it might be done by very many of the Protestant Churches in relation each other dono without compromise and without dishonour and that great and blessed results would soon follow from it. That your Lordship may have the happiness of helping on so desirable a consummation, and may thus realise that after which your spiritual nature seems to years and pont, is the sincere prayer of my Lord, Your friend and servant in our common faith, T. BINNEY. The Governor also takes a share in the correspondence, and addressed the following letter to Mr. Binney : Glenelg, October 10, 1858. My dear Sirs. I herewith return the Bishop's letter of the 22nd ultimo, on " the union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches." I have long felt deep interest in this subject, and as a more than usually healthy feeling in connection therewith seems to prevail here at present, I am well pleased that it has been thus prominently brought forward by the Bishop. Moreover, whilst the moment for this step seems well chosen, the truly catholic spirit in which the subject is treated by his Lordship is, in my judgment, matter of congratulation to us all. 2\. As, however, you have asked what I think of the suggestions In his Lordship's letter, I shall give you my opinion, but only In such imperfect manner as the little time at my disposal permits. 3\. I have no doubt we both admire the eloquent and forcible manner in which his Lordship dwells on the numerous fundamental principles of agreement in doctrine between the various Protestant Evangelical sections of the Church of Christ, We must both also deplore with his Lordship the great injury sustained by that Church In the inherent and Inovltablo weakness engendered therein by the absence of any systematised and united action available for the expansion of its limits, and the diffusion of the really vital principles of faith and doctrine common to nil Its sections. 4\. Nevertheless, I do not find that the Bishop, when he treats of " the principles and conditions on which an union of the Protestant Evangelical Churches should be effected," either professes to devise a remedy in presents for that deficiency, or speaks hopefully of accomplishing such union hereafter. His suggestions seem to me aimed too high in pointing to a " Church for the future, which is toconcllintoallaffcotlonsnndunitoalldiversities." Nevertheless, the willingness of the Bishop -as representing the Anglican Church here-to recognlBO for certain mission purposes the defacto ministers of evangelical congregations-to give up a State episcopacy to modify the compulsory uniformity of divine worship and to omit portions of the offices for the administration of sacraments, and conferring of holy orders-orlnoes the tolerance of an enlightened Christians, and breathes a spirit in which, if we were all to meet one another, there would soon be but one section of the Reformed Church of Christ. 5\. Looking, however, to the practical expediency of his suggestions, and having regard to human nature as it is, I do not see even here, where the ground is comparatively cleared for the erection of such a structure by the abolition of all State aid-that there is much immediate prospect of establishing a general Protestant Church, holding by one set of articles, however few, or by any fixed form of liturgy, however ourtalled-especially if its ' bishops be not elected by all denominations, placed for that purpose on terms of equality. 6\. I admit that such a Church, with its affairs administered by bishops or overseers elected by the general body of the Church (which, however, does not appear to be altogether his Lordship's morning), and with its bishops, aided by representatives of the whole Church assembled in Synod, would be a Church well adapted to the spiritual wants of mankind, and eminently apostolical in its constitution. Tct although, as the Bishop truly says, we might thus exercise the great privilege of spiritual mon-that Is, combine freedom with submission to law, and general order with specific distinctions" the main difficulty would still exist, and the real question would only be begged not solved for there would still be a law-a rule, in which, as the Bishop says. '* We should walk, and by it steadfastly abide." Now, whatever be the rule, it would be difficult to induce the various Protestant sections of Christ's Church simultaneously to adopt It, or afterwards abide by It. Men had, in the first century, the teaching of Christ himself they had the Apostles for their ministers and bishops ; they had the recent evidence of Christ's miracles and yet schism even then arose. It would do so again, even If an United Protestant Church were for a space to gather within its fold all the evangelical denominations of the Reformed Church in this province, and in Great Britain also. 7\. We may believe, however indeed, It is our belief and hope that such a consummation will yet be witnessed in the fullness of time; but meanwhile I sincerely hope that what the Bishop himself calls "the pleasantness of this dream will not divert us from more immediate and practicable exertions, which, without disturbing the existing internal organization of the various sections of the Reformed Church, may yet eliminate, if they do not find ready to our hand, some, it no all, the elements for united action when pursuing the main objects of all Christian Protestant action, viz., the diffusion and application of the broad vital doctrines of the Protestant faith. 8\. And herein I do not see why we might not at least prepare for such united action, without waiting to break and fuse all varieties of Protestant worship and organisation for the purpose of recasting them In an uniform shape from one mould. For my part, though I much prefer the forms of my own church, I do not object to the organisation or practice of the Baptists, the Independents, the Wesleyans, or many other denominations of Protestant Christians, It might perhaps be better if they were all to form one denomination, but I have doubts on that point ; whilst it would come nearly to the same thing, if we could but fully regard one another truly as brethren and if we felt bound to aid one another in all that might develop the pure principles of our common faith," whilst we illustrated them In our practice by works of mutual charity and help. D. I would therefore suggest that we should test the sincerity of our mutual advances either towards union or alliance by at once commencing a more intimate, and brotherly intercourse with one another in our schools, our pulpits, and our missions; and that we should thus prepare the way for such a further mutual understanding as may, with God's blessing, fit us hereafter to discuss the question of fusing into one denomination of the various even - gelical sections of Christ's Reformed Church. 10\. I would ask, are we to have for ever merely a community of faith and not a community of labour in all good works ; a brotherhood of doctrine, but not of action! If the Bible be the foundation of our faith, why should any intelligent, pure-minded, and approved Protestant expounder of that Bible be excluded by an ecclesiastical rule or tradition from preaching be doctrines or any Church in one of its places of worship, if invited to do so by the special minister of the building? is such an union of Christians impossible in carrying on Christian duties ! Whenever such inter- change of pulpits is permitted, under no restrictions but those which are desirable to ensure fitness of education and character, as well as soundness of doctrine (and I trust high standard in all those respects will ever be maintained, it will be time enough to meditate on a still more general fusion, In approved ecclesiastical form of the Protestantism of this and other lands. 11\. I do not, however, perceive that the Bishop suggest any immediate step in this direction, although his Lordship thinks he might have invited you to exhort the Church of England congregations here without violating any ecclesiastical law in force in this diocese or province." I am only surprised that he did not use this power, when he gives so many reasons why It might have been wisely and usefully exerted in your favour. Those reasons, however, are so well stated by the Bishop, that he cannot long resist the conclusion to which they point. Indeed, I consider it fortunate on the whole that you did not arrive here till men's minds, having become reconciled to the abolition of State aid to religion, and begun to feel the necessity and probable advantage of a very different and, viz., that which might be derived from greater unity of action amongst themselves. It is no small sign of progress that the Bishop should have stated the case so forcibly, even though he has not yet availed himself of his own argument. 12\. I also think it fortunate that neither in public opinion, nor perhaps In his own. Is any clergyman of the Anglican Church in this province regarded as more powerful or truthful In expounding the faith held by that Church than yourself. It makes the fact all the more remarkable that a large portion of this community, as belonging to the Anglican Church, should agree In your doctrines and be anxious to benefit by your teaching, and yet be deprived of the opportunity of hearing you in any pulpit of their Church, simply because you hold no license from their Bishop, and are not officially therefore regarded in this diocese as a de jure minister of the Gospel, the preaching and illustration of which form, nevertheless, at once the labour and glory of your life. 13\. I rejoice, therefore, that your visit has made people ponder on such a pernicious would almost say unonristlan-distinction of man's device without a spiritual difference. I sincerely hope the application of such a rule to yourself may produce results useful to us all, and end In throwing open God's work to all who may be worthy of the labour. 14\. It is, I hope, unnecessary that I should here guard against the possibility of being supposed to imply that the occasional in- terchange of pulpits which I advocate should be allowed to prejudice the usages or internal discipline of any denomination. Thus, if a Wesleyan minister were to exchange services for a day with our Dean, he could not expect to conduct the service at Trinity Church as he would at Pirie-street Chapel ; nor could the Dean conduct the service at Pirie-street Chapel otherwise than no cording to the usage of the congregation there. Therefore I do not contemplate any such interchange of (pulpits as possible, except where there might be a previously existing common belief in the great and vital truths of the Protestant faith, and a comparative indifference to the details of ritual Bernice and discipline in use amongst the various congregations of that faith. 15\. I would add that, whilst this step seems to disturb no Church organization now existing, my own feelings convince me that an advance in this direction must be far more agreeable to many thousand others than an attempt to form a common Church by the sacrifice of services and customs to which I and they are personally attached. More especially would I protest against a sacrifice of the greater portion of the liturgy, as suggested by the Bishop. I have reverently listened in my childhood to those prayers and words of solemn beauty. They have often been the consolation of my manhood. They are fraught to me with a thousand hallowed memories and aspirations and I would fain hope they will be amongst the latest soundBwhtohniny soothe my ear. With such feelings I not merely protest against such a concession to the prejudice of others, but my own reluctance to concede this teaches me to deal gently with all who may refuse similar concessions to my prejudices. 10\. I therefore own that I am not much troubled at present to give a theoretical uniformity of outward structure to the Reformed Church. I would rather look to the foundation before roofing the temple. The details of discipline and practice if there be no wilful or marked violation of any scriptural command or leading truth necessary to our spiritual welfare may be left safely to the various congregations who are most affected by them. Such things need not, and ought not, to be any bar to the most unreserved spiritual intercourse and community of labour amongst Christiana of Christ's church. 17\. My life has been hitherto so much more one of action than of theorising that, hoping to be more useful by practically doing something to effect what I recommend than by writing about it, immediately on reading the Bishop's letter, which I did not peruse till this day, I took the first step towards realising my suggestion. As a communicant of the Anglican Church, I have signed a memorial to the Bishop, requesting his Lordship to invite you to preach at one of our churches. It is clear that some one must take this first step, and that the objections thereto are no more forcible now than they would be if I were to defer that step for years. The right hand of fellowship, moreover, ought, in my opinion, to be offered first by the Anglican Church, as that which has hitherto been the most exclusive and exacting in such matters. I have, however, taken care that the memorial should express the conviction of those signing it that they are thereby assisting to develop his Lordship's own views-a point which it is difficult to doubt after perusing his very interesting and eloquent letter. 18\. I know not how far these views, which are entirely my own, and as yet communicated to none but yourself, may coincide with your own opinions. I am, however, certain that if you think you can usefully exert yourself in removing prejudices which narrow the sphere of usefulness of Christ's ministers you will not fail to do so. 10. To assist in establishing a greater unity of action amongst the ministers and congregations of the various sections of the Reformed Church would be indeed a noble vocation. I earnestly desire that your exertions In that respect here, when the field is more open than elsewhere, may yet produce results to which you I will gladly recur hereafter as amongst the happiest moments of your trip to Australia. Believe me to be, my dear Sir, Most sincerely yours, RICHARD GRAVES MACDONNELL. 