music A.Tin the nn,vMA.is 1.0 jritrtw. (From an lingUsh paper, ^4th ApriLJ At Hor Majesty's Thoatro tho ' Huguonots' continues to run a triumphant courso ; and is announced for two nights noxt week. It is ovidont that this ebof-d'eauvro of tho groatcst living musician— a lyrical tragody of un oqualled'grandeur and pathos, and at tho samo time a scenic exhibition of surpassing Bplendour and benuty — will bo Mr. Lumlov's choval-do-bataillo of the season. Every succeeding representation of this opora has confirmed 'and deepened tho impression made on tho public by tho first appearance of tho new prima donna, Mdllo. Titions. Tho moro wo become acquainted with hor powors and qualities, the moro wo admire thorn; and it scorns to bo nnivernally odmittod that sho is a star of a magnitude- not surpassed by any of tho lurai naiics of tho stage — thoMaliurans.Linds, or CJrisis— who havo shono before hor. From what tvo baTo k«ard of her caroor — a briof one, for hor ago docs not exceed four ond-twonty — wo bcliovo that her talents are less voiei tilo than those of some of her precursors. Sho does not range at mil through the whole extent of the tragic and coinio drama, but confines herself to its highest branch, for which her person, her countonanco, her vocal powers, and the character of her gonius cspcoially qualify hor. Her 'walk is tragedy, or that olass of comedy which is alliod to tragedy ; and this walk the treads alone — no othor at tho present day can sharo it -with bor.- In wiying thin wo mean 110 disparage ment to the queen of song who Jina so long reigned SuprOtno nmoag us, ami vrlio lias cot jrot abdicated her throne. But Grisi, though her powers havo boon as remarkablo for their duration as their greatness, must yield to tho common lot of humanity -, and in Titiens wo now possess a Valentine, a Norma, a Luerezia Bor ffia. a Donna Anna, such as wo hadinGriai twenty years ago. Giuglini roaintaius tho impression made by his first appearance in liaoxtl. It is full of energy and possiou ; aud tho joint efforts of these two great performora g»vo an intensity of interest to tho story of the hapless lovors which lias novcr been transcended. Tho jplendour, beauty, pootical fancy, and puro tnsto with which this opera has boen got up deserves tho highest encomiums, becauso the accessories of sconery and decoration aro' not merely spectacle, calculated only to plcaso tho oyo, but contribute greatly to tho voriaimi litudo of tho action and the dramatic illuai n of the piece. For this wo nro mainly indebted to the genius of tho distinguished sceno-painter, Mr. Charles Marshall. Tho scenes which ho has produced for this opera nro indeed pictures in tho liigneut bcuec of tbo word, for they prosont tho most oxquisite beauties of tho pictorial art. Their truth to naturo is their most striking cha racteristic, by moans of which thoy soem to bring tho old Franco of tho hixteontli century beforo our very oyo3, In the lovely landscape of Tournino— in tho Pro uujc Clcrcs, with its quaint architecture, its distant viow of the Scino and tha to wars of iXotro Dame, and tho moving figuros and groups with which it is fillod — in the magnificent palatial hall wherein tho highborn murderers form thoir horrid plans — wo are carried, 03 is wero, into tbo heart of tho scones whero tha events take placo. And tho last scone of all—tho sceno of tho pitoous oatastropho— is, roproscutud in all its appalling reality. Wo givo to-day an engraving of this seono— a truthful and spirited tkotch — whioh gives a moro vivid impression of its horrors titan thu most laboured description. Wo soo, as on the stago, tho dovoted group, Valentine, Jtaoul, and tbo faithful Marcel, sinking under tho volloy of tho murderors who nro pressing on, headed by tho unhappy girl's fnthor, litt'o thinking that bis own daughter is ono of his victims xiiu Bui^o in iitiou, uu tuu ono Blue wicn crowds ot ter rified womon and childron, anil on tho other with tho florco soldiors rushing upon them. Tho wholo is a mastorpicco of scenio effect ; quite original too ,- for wo havo not soon anything like it slaewhore, either in Paris or London, Piccolomini made hor first nppoaranco this season on Tuesday evening. Sho performed bor favourito part, Novma, in 'Don I'asquala,' a character in which nho is pro- eminontly successful, fir it is perfectly suited to hor light aud airy stylo of acting, whilo tho musie is as woll adapted to nor voico and manner of oxecution as if it had boon composod oxpro3sly for hor. The publio aro bo familiar with her performance in this pnrt that it is only necessary to say that eho was an arch and playful and Bang as prettily, as over, aud that tho audience welcomod hor with tho accustomed enthuBiasm. Tho opera, as a whole, was well perfoimed. Rossi, as Don. Pasquale, is a closo imitator of I-ablaohe, but ho is a clovor copy of tho matchlcsj original. Bolart, cs tho youthful lover, looked and acted well, and sang tho popular' Eoreuado, 'Como 0 gentil,' with graca and swoetness; and Bcllotti, as Malalcsta, showed the con summato artist. Tho popular 'Trovatoro,' the next opera in which tbo great talent of Mdllo. Titiens will bo displayed is fixod for Tuoiday, May 4th, with tlio additional attrac tion of Mdlle. Alboni and the Ttovadore of Sii'iior Giuglini. Verdi's opora of 'Luisa Millor,' with .Mdllo Piccolomini, is also in rohoirsal j and Saturday next will witness tho production of a new ballot (''Flour dos Cha-nps')for tho displayof tho Woutof Mdllo. Pocchiui and Mdllo. Orsini. OTMJB IBHA51A. PniHOESs'S.— Tho revival of tho 'Lear' took place on Saturday evening at this thoatro, and fully justified tho oxnoctations that had been formed,— we may add, moro tnmi justifiod them, and in ways that had not bctn provioualy imagined. Thore is always danger in ecgnio lllustMtion, pictorially carriod out, aud arclnuoloBicaly conducted, that the »pootaoular will ovorlay ihe drama tjo, aud thus the poetio and the histriouio suffer from .00 Tioloat a contrast with the aUge appointments. In cWo c»Be, nothing of tha kind happens. Tho subordina tion of tho mechanist and the painter to the poet and actor is duly maintained throughout, and yet tb» widest ?cope has boon aooordod to their tilonts. Th» action of tho drama being plaocd in tho ssjtkio pariod, thoio is of oouwo, no autliority that e»n ba apnealod to : the manager i« consequently loft at liberty to saloct tho ?pooh that may boat answer tho purnoso of thtatrloal interpnUtion. Th» earllast that could bo Ukon would of course, bo tin most preferafcle; and, thareforo wi ttink Mr. Kean has actoi judi.iou'.Iy ii clio' In™' the Anglo-Saxon .n of the eighth century ?- for tha reluU. t on of the soauary and drewao, oa affordine a data suffl cl«nHrromoto,wliUo U is at' tha s»ui. tim* wiocUtod with (ha Britiih .oil.'' Hi, details ar. in »lf ropeeU mctuxwiua; and nothint Sn.r in thlswny «aa «TeV'oHe. han tha «econd .oono of the fir.t act, ropr««nt»tiv0 ?* th« Noia »f at»U ia th« pU*« «f «„ old Saiwi. '')» Sfticon adorumonts of spear, sbiold, Bhaf t, and siin, autlors nnd bodv of tho doer, with othor trophies of tho battlo and tho chaso tho primitivo hoarthstono mid tho blazing vule-log and similar accessories too numerous to record or to renioiubor, gavo to tho long and alauting apart mont a romautio appcaranco that oould not bo oxcoedod for its barbaric gorgoousnes3 of ntato mid coromomal splendour. Then tho Ki-ouping of tho old king and his three daughters, w.is admirable ; and tho motion of the sccno, including the oxits aud ontrancos, was actuabsod in tho moBt ingonious manner. Tho whole was full of invention, original, suggestive, and _ vitally pl°as'-K- Tho noxt scono was tho court-yard 111 tho »nkc 1 of Albany's palaeo, rondorcd Btill- moro significant by tho return - of Uar from tbo bonr-chaso, nttcndod by bis knights and huntsmen. But this was far oxcolled by tho Bcono that opcuod tho second act, representing tho exterior of tlio Earl of Gloator'H castlo by night, fortified in tho manncrof tho Asglo SaxonB1 camps, by pallisadcB. Nevertheless', groator cxcollonco was nttaiuod, both in tho mechanist's and Bcono-paiutor's dopart ment in tho Bocond sccno of tho third act - Sat of tho heath, with tho storm of thundor iivd lichtniiig. T/ 0 clouds anil olectrio fluid travolling rapidly across tho sky in tho distanco, aud with a lurid elioin investing tho outiro landscape, woro grandly terrific : and, whon nssociatod by tho mind with tho animated figures in tho foreground— tho raving Lear, tho oxhaustcd Foal, aud tho provident Kent- composed a p'icturo that was truly sublime. But art had yet somo thiiiL' else in Btoro ; for in tho bccuo of tho hovol KOino Druidical romains aro introduced, and tho wind through the roofless columns blows its organ-notes, that sound liko music. In aot four tboro iB also a fino picture— '.tho country noar Dovor, showing a Roman roa-1 and an ane'ent obelisk ;' to which may be addod tho last Bccno of tho fifth act, which is also near Dovor, nnd ex hibits tlio camp of tho British foro:s, with tho distant ? ? „* „ Qivnn naat-.iii. All flinqn RnQtinS WGTO OX nuisitcly painted ; each had also Bomo spocial merit of its own but so judiciousl,- introduced that tho action was in no wiso intorfored -with by its illustrative Tho dominant excellence of tho rovival consisted in tho histrionic genius by which it was supported. Mr. Waltor Lacy as Edmund, Mr.atydorns Edgar, Mr. Graham as tho Earl of Glostcr,Mr. Coopor ns tho Marl of Kent, and MiB3 Poolo ns tho Fool, bad each parts spocially suited to their sovcrol aptitudes. Moro capo-: cial commendation still may bo accorded to Miss Xato Terry, whose Cordelia was in all respects excellent — innocent and animated, intelligent and pathetic, modest and yet expressive. Miss Heath and Miss Bufton were the Goneril and Regan, and both played with exem- plary care those two most ungrateful parts. There was also a little part which, for its vraisemblance, should be mentioned ; we mean Gloster's Old Tenant, imperson ated by a Mr. Morris. In all theso points wo recogniso the oaro of tho malinger equally prosont in tho minuto ob in tho largo, in tho l«aBt as woll as tho most dom'on strativo. Thus, thoro was a unity and a harmony be tween part and part, aud a common relation between the diileront effects, conducting to a common origin, and answering ono and tlio same intelligent purpose. Mr. C. Kcan bad propared us by his Louis XI. for a display of elaboration and finish in which tho ininutost paints of cllarncter and dialoguo should bo profiiBoly mtorpretcd; but that part, thoroughly Btjga-cligiblo as it is, left yet tho highost dramatic and poetio oloments unvieitcd. In Lear theso aro tho all-in-all. Evory portion of it thoroughly demonstrates tho most comploto mastory over tho wondorful langungo in which ovory conception and foeling of this inognificont tragedy is elotiieu. Mr. Koan mado good his improssion right oarly in this play. No sooner does poor Cordelia fnltor in hor utter ance than thoovorloving King, fcoling hi« hoart rebuked by an unsatisfactory response, is constraiuid to givo decided indications of tho most griovous disappointment that ho has undergone Tho rovulsion of feeling is as natural as it is poworful. When wo next seo him, Lenr has recovered his serenity. He has roturned chcarful and weary from tho chaso, hiBappotito awakened, and his desiro for dinner urgent. But now como tho signs' of a ohango of mood ; for neglect has usurped tho placo of obsorvauco, and tho old king is purposoly insulted by Goncril's monials j at last, by Goneril himself. This is too much. Astomshmont soizos on the king ; then for a whilo ho collects himself, but at length ho gives tho full tide of passion -way, and utters thowTongod father's bitter malediction. Mr. Kcan's dclivory of tho onrso was perfect: tho suppressed emotion, tho irrepressible ? exclamatory impulse, and tho pasaionato omphasis, wero alike admirable. .- At tho ond of the second act Lear is worked up to a similar ftato of mind in tcgard to Regan ; and again tbo actor aehioved nn unparalloled triumph. At length nature, that always sympathises with tlio mind of man, reproBonts by au external tempest the inward rage that consumes tho outcast father and dincrownoj monarch ; and tho truo actor is required to rise to tho sublimity of tho highost poetic conception, and tho vigour of tho boldest histrionic delineation. Mr. Kean'B success was coiuplotb. With Lear's madness began a series ot now triumphs. ' Reason in madness :' that was tho poet's problem, that is tho actor's teat. In tho blending of theso oppoBitou tho highost skill was oxhibitcd. In tho fouith and fifth acts Shakspearo, as his uiannor is, has diverted liis subject into tho calinor legions of fancy and feoling ; and there revelling, mitigated tho pain that tho racro circumstantial horror of -hid story would clso have in dicted. Fantastic frenzy succeeds to fierce madness ; and restoration to sanity, preceding a catastrophe that crushes tlm honrt. doinnaiitrittoa tlmt tlio world in nu placo for tho puro affections, but ono of probation where compromises of all sorts aru needod ? Vex not his ghost. O, let him pnss I He hates him That would upon Hie rack of this lough world Stretch him out longer. Tho triumphant dovolopmont of gonius displayed by Mr. Kcan in his embodiment of Shakspeare's Bublimo creation places beyond doubt his supremacy as a his trionic artist. Wo havo only to add that tho audionco testified their sonso of its oxcollcnco by rcpoated plau dits and frequent summons boforo tho curtain. 