EXTRAOIU3INAIIY OASE. Wo find in tho Times of 15th Juno tho following report of it very rcmarkrtblo cnso which was heard in the Court for Divorce nnd Matrimonial Causes, on tho.previous day, hefore tho Lord Chiof . Justico Cockburn, tho. Judgo Ordinary, and Mr Justico Wightman. _ We must say that such a nasa is almost unprecedented in the annals of linglish jurisprudence: ItOBIKSOX V. ROBINSON AND IA NI!. This was a petition for a dissolution of marriage pre- sented by Mr Itnbinson, a civil engineer, ngainst his wife, on tho ground of adultery. Tho respondent, Kdward W. Lane, is the proprietor of the hydropathic establishment at Moorpstk. Mr M. Chambers, Q.C.. Dr Addams, QC, and Mr Karslake, appeared for tho petitioner ; Mr F.irsylh, Q C ,'Ur Phillimoro, Q Ci, and Air Coleridge, for the res- pondents. Mr M. Chambers said, in his opening.nddrcss, that the evidonce was of a very extraordinary character, and con- clusive as against the wife; but ha was bound to confess that ho cnrertained.sumo doubt whether their Lordships would consider it sufficient us ngainst Pr Luna, The marriage took place In February, 1844, Mrs Robinson,j beiiiK then thc widow of a Mr Dansey, and possessed of bctwoen £400 and £500 a yenr,.which was settled upon her to hcr-separa»,!' uso. Thoy rosldcd after their mar- ! riagc ut Blackheath, Edinburgh, Boulogne, and Heading. ' During their residence in 1850 at Edinburgh they became ¡ acquainted with Mr Lane, who was then studying for tho ; law. Ho afterwards married a daughter of Lady Drys- j dalo,'urn! set up a hydropathic establishment at Moor park, well known as Sir William Temple's residence. Mr and Mrs Robinson, in 1854, wore living nt Heading) and their acquaintance with Dr Lane was renewed. Mrs. Ro- binson-visited Moorpark from limo to_timo,Lut-Ji_*-hW-J -nann'n'aa.uo^aoa?^llorms""Wlto-^va3_unclltl8te. In 1857, ] however, during an illness of Mrs Robinson; ha raadu a discovery which opened bis eyes. He discovered a diary written by his wife, containing an extraordinary narrative of her impuro conduct. Mr Forsyth said be should object, on behalf of DrLano against this diary being given in evidence. ' Their Lordships, however, overruled tho objection, and Mr M. Chambers proceeded: The diary contained the names of two young men whom Mrs Robinson had appa- rently endeavoured to corrupt, hut he would not mention them, BS there was nothing to shew that she had suc- ceeded. -(The diary iain three volumes of considerable j size, and extends from November, 1850, to November, 1855.) Various extracts were read respecting the first introduction of Mrs Robinson to Mr Laue, in which she I spoko of bim in terms of great admiration. fn other j places she roforred to come linos she had written under the title of " Spirit Discord", and to tho " preponderance of illusiveness" in her character. Bat the passages upon which the chief reliance were placed were written nt the period when she was on a visit tú JVloorpark, in 1854, and were as follow: .. Oct 7, Sunday.-Fine, cunny, wnrm, genial day, al- most li Ito tho former month Dr Lane risked mo to walk with him. but I thought lie meant only politeness; and I wont lo the' nursery and stayed with my rhtle pets more than an hour. Ile met ma there al last, reproached me for not coming, and bade me como away. J still lingered, but ut Inst joined him, and ho Ind me away and nlone to our private haunts, taking a wider rango and a more se- cluded path. At last I asked to rest, and wo sat on a plaid arid read Athentxnmt, chatting meanwhile. There was something Unusual in his manner, something softer than usual in his tone and eye, but I knew not what it procccdod from, and chatted gaily, leading ihe conversa- tion-talking of Goethe, woman's dress, nnd of what was becoming and suitable. Wo walked on, and again seated ourselves in a glade of tho most surprising beauty. The sun shone warmly down lipon us, the fern, yellow and brown, was stretched away beneath us. fino old trees in groups adorned tho near ground, and far away gleamed the blue hills. I gave myself up to enjoyment. 1 loaned hack against some firm, dry heather bushes, and laughed and remarked as I rarely did th that presence. All at once, just as I was joking my companion on bis want of memory, he leaned over me, and exclaimed, ' if y<>u say that again I will kiss you'. You may believe Ï made no opposition, for had i not dreamed of Dim and ol' this full, many n time before? What followed 1 hardly remember -passionate kisses, whisprred words, confessions of the past. Oh,'God 1 I never hoped to seo thia hour, or to have nnyipart of my love returned. Yet so it was. He was nervous, and confused, and oager as myself, ' At last, wo raised ourselves, nnd went, ou happy, fearful, rJniost. silent..-. Wu sauntered, not heodhig whore, to ii grove? of. pines, and there looked over another view beautiful as that on this side, but wilder. In descending we had seen the Browns, and now thought it necessary slowly to join them, '.'hey had observed nothing. We were safe. Con-. straining ourselves to converso, we(succeeded in disarm- ing all suspicion, and roached tbo house together, but late for dinner.<, I was flushed and excited on going down, and neither I nor Dr L-fairly met ono another's oyos or spoke during dinner. Mr S-,'who sat by and talked - to mo (much to my relief), had to go to the rall, and the carringo carno and I wont with Dr and Mrs Lana and tho childron. Wo were a little crowded iu going, but a sense ; of hidden satisfaction and happiness was glowing at ray I heart. We chntted in returning, but of indifferent mat- ters, and dear litllo innocent Mrs L- sat behind with her Uno baby asleep and laid under her cloak. It was a pretty drive through Farnham, by tho I)h>hop's palace. I was »fie! wards with her and Uoatio in tho sUblo yard soma time, ntid lost sight of every one but tho childi neither in the house could I find any ono. His nurse was out, and ho ran about my room till dusk. 1 then.lay down and dozed, quite overpowered with remembrance nnd old memories. At last I had a light, and dressed for tea. and looked well in palo blue silk. I met his glance ns I carno (nt thc sound of tho gong) to the dining-room, ' and I know that 1 wns watched. .Some timo passed in n desultory manner; I walked with Alfred in tho hall, un- willing to go upstairs nnlens I might see him no more, alone. At last Lndy D-- herself wished mo go iuto the library. ,l\\!r Lana came down, but kindly did not press mO to go up. At last ho carno from tho stable bold, shivering, nervous, ill, Alfred went up to hear a ghost story frorn'Miss B-^-, and wo drow near tho Aro.. How tho evening passed I know not. It was full of passionate excitement, long and clinging kisses, and nervous sensa- tions, not unaccompanied with-dread of intrusion. Vet bliss predominated, Uo was particularly rtontlo, soothing my agitation, and never for an instant forgottlng tho gen-, tlemnn and the kindly friend.' Alfrod came to him to go to his son, oud ho reluctantly wont) but carno.back and softly kissed my closed eyes. I tried to rniso roy droop- ing bead but in vaini and at last, in absoluto dread ur any ono breaking in, ho advised mo to go I smoothed roy tumbled hair, and iii a few moments found myself in the drawiiig-róoiu at half-past nine. Fortunately, only a few of the guests were thuro. No one had a right to question my absence or appearance At last, after occu- pying myself with a book of autographs, and chatting with Mr S-..Dr and Mrs L-- carno into tho room together, anti soon after Lady Ü--. What un escape I had badi What a calm appearance I could now mako! General conversation followed. I tnrned to listen, anil Dr Lano repeated to Mi-s II-:- some of tho finest odes of Byron. When they wont I roso too, and wns gliding away, when Dr L->. gave me a warm shake-so warm that I felt it for an hour. Ala's ! I slept little that night, waking, rising, longing, dreaming-and slowly came the morn. , . "October 8. * * * At last Mrs Lane come. Mot Dr Lane once, but I hardly stayed near my door, to hear him remark that ho hoped his business wonl l finish shortly, tlo wrote a lung loiter to Mr-, of Edin- burgh, who wi-liod to como and Iivo with him fur a while. It was a nicely written latter. I lay down, wearied, ex- hausted, nervouH.. Ho tapped at half-past twolvo. and bade me como down and walk ; but Lrefused, and dozed on. Mrs Lane carno in, when I dressed and slowly went out to him. Ile joined me at tho foot of tho utairs, and we sauntered out together, walking all round the grounds, nnd hy the water, yet saying little to one another, for both wore weary and feeble. I named my not having slept ; ho su id ho was in pain, and could hardly get on at all. Kath were agitated, confused, nnd.norvous, and I asked him how it was bo neted as ho did on Sunday. At last I proposed leaving, tho grounds (as the air .was hot and moist) und getting a breczo on tho hill. We climbed it slowly, and rested among the dry fern. I shall not say what followed. Ho rose moro composed and cheer ul, and we went home quickly, fearing its being too luto. Tho dinner waa cheerful enough, and I talked all I could to Lady Ü-, for thoro wero few persons present, anti turned from him, leaving him to talk to-. . After din- goer, and n visit to Dr-, we hud a nice long rldo to Waverley, .Miss B-s both behind. I congratulated him on being bottor, nnd said that his voice on the stairs showed that hu was so. " Oct lo. * * Mr Lano carno out, and walked about the grounds with me ; awhile talked to Miss -and finally joined Alfred and mo near the bounding fence, and soon set out for tho wood, taking tho usual circuit, walking through the outor pino woods, and finally returning by Swift's cottage, and lower walk.- Wo talked with the utmost confidence, but somewhat moro calmly^I en- treated him to believe that sinco my murringo I had never before in the slightest degree transgressed. Ho consoled me for what I had done, and conjured me to forgive my- self. He said ho had always liked me, and had thought with pity of my being thrown away, as my husband wa» evidently unsuited to mo. and was BS he could seo plainly, violent tempered and uuamiablo. Then he (¡poko of his early agc, thirty-one, tho sweet unsuspicious character of his wife, rather than pain whom he would cutoff his light hand." Tho next extract referred to a drive in a fly from Moor- | park to tho Ash Railway station :- .... " Wo drovo otT. Alfred soon taking his pince on tho Box. I never spent so blessed' nn hour as tho one that followed, full of snch bliss that I could willingly have died not to wake out of it nguiu. All former times were adverted to and explained. He had not refrained on post occasions from a display of his true feelings without much pain And from prudential motives. I remindod him of my lines from Paul and Virginia, and owned they were addressed to him. I shall hot roíalo all that passed : suffice it is.to say that I leaned back at last in those arms I had so often dreamed of, and kissed tho curls and smooth face, so ra- diant with beauty, that had dazzled my outward and in- ward vision since the first interview, November 15, 1850. He had always known I liked him, but not the full ex- tent of tho feeling, nntl owned it hud never been indeli- cately expressed. _ This relieved mo. Heaven i'self could not be m<>ro blessed thau those moments. While lifo it- self shall endure, their remembrance will not pass away from a memory charged with much suffering and little bliss. . , "Oct. 14. * * The doctor, after talking same little ! while, appeared to return to his formar kind feeling for rho, ! caressed mo, and tempted me, nnd finally, after some de- lay, wo adjourned to the next room and spent a quarter ' of an hour in blissful excitement. I became no trly help- less with tho effects of his presence, could hardly let him I depart, wept wlion he hado ino try to obviate consequences, and finally hado him a passionate farawell. I was alono, i Passion-wasted and sorrowful, sleep was far from me : 'that night 1 tossed, and dreamed and burned till morning, too weary and v eak to rise." ' Mr M. Chambers in conclusion, said that Mr Robinson had obtained a divorco a menin et thora, in tho Kccleslasti cal Court., upon tho ovidenco : butiPwasnow. >>f <">t>sry>ft, j ítltenaéd to ho urgeü on tbo ötlier side that all that was : described by Mr?. Robinson was more hallucination, and had no foundation in fact. It would, therefore, bo corro- borated by other testimony. Mr James Jay, brother-in-law of tho petitioner, was then called, and proved that tho marriage took placo at Hereford in February, 1844. Mrs. Robinson was n widow 'with one child, Alfred, They lived ut Blackheath for several years, and always appeared to he on good terns. Tho petitioner was a .kind and affectionate husband. Thcso diaries (produced) were in tho handwriting of Mrs. Robinson. She appeared to bo now about fifty years of Qs°- . , : Mr James Robinson, tho lather of tho petitioner, also proved that they lived upon good terms. Eliza Power, a nurse in Mr Robinson's family for eight years, stated that, while they were at Edinburgh Mr Robin- son's engagements sometimes took him away from home. Ho was always kind to his wife. Miss Frances Brown becamo acquainted with tho peti- tioner and his wifo at Edinburgh, about tho end of 1890, and frcqnenlly met them in socioty. Sho wont on a visit to Dr and Mrs Lane, at Moor Park, in October, 1854\. Mrs Robinson came thora on a visit, and stayed about three days in that month. Dr Lino nnd Mrs Ko-' binson had boon intimate from the time sho knew them, but sho did not notice that they were then more intimate than on former occasions. On Sunday afternoon, pretty late, she and her sister mot Dr Laue and Mrs dobinson coming from n walk. They .seemed to ho coming from tho Moors.. The ground in tho neighbourhood of Moor Park was thinly wooded. They approached and talked to them. She remembered telling a ghost s t.,ry to a child nf Mrs Robinson on that evening. When Mrs Robinson left sha «ont in a ourringo at night, and Dr Lano went with her to the station. Cross-examined ! Dr Ln.no kept n hydropathic csta lishment, and paid great attention to ali the ladies under his caro, lt never occurred to her that there was any improper attachment between tho doctor and Mrs Robin- son. - ähe could remember that there wore seven ladies 1 there, some married, some single. Dr Lane was in the hnbll of walking but with different ladies in the grounds. There wore a great many trees near the houso Tho moorlands were about a milo from tho house. Tho child Alfrod was probably with Mrs Robinson when sha went to tho station. . / A groom, named Warren, who bad lived with Mr Ro binson in 1851. and afterwards with Dr Lane, described tire grounds in thc neighbourhood of Moor Park, in order to identify tho places montioncd in tho diary. Mastor Alfred generally Accompanied Mrs Robinson on bor visits to Moor Park. He had scon Mrs Robinson and Dr Lane walking together in tho park. Bo bad also seen them in tho summerhouse, ho sitting with bis arm round ¡vber.waist....He hptl also econ thom mbro than oñeo .alono bri tho'iBland in which the summerhouse ÍB situatod. Cross-examined ; Ho left Dr Lane's service hacauso he did not like it Ho had complained to Mr Rohiuson that the pince was hard. Some timo after leaving Dr. Lano lie obtained a place through tho recommendation of Mr Robinson. He had spoken to the butler at Moor Park about what Mr Robinson and Mr Field had said to him, but he did not say that ho had nover seen Dr Lane with bis arm round Mrs Robinson's neck. Two other servants proved that Dr Lane appeared to pay Mrs Robinson great nttontion, but said they had not noticed any improper familiarities. One of them added that Mrs Robinson had spoken to her of Dr Lane as a very handsome and '' fascinating" person. Tho Court adjourned belora tho conclusion of the peti- tioner's case. 