THE SEVENTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDATION OF THIS COLONY. (From the Sydney Morning Herald.) "THE Psalmist numbered out the years of man." What poet, sacred or profane, shall dare to fix the growth and period of nations? Inspiration deeper, even than that which the divine Lord of Israel possessed, has shadowed forth, in prophetic mystery, the destinies of these great children of the earth—for such are the empires and the dynas- ties which have risen and fallen before us, and around us. Into that mystery, however, as far as the future is concerned, the clear eye of human intelligence cannot penetrate ; through that dim- ness,—yet it is not all darkness, the glance of the gifted may not pierce, the eye of the seer may not see. What then remains for us to do at this particu- lar epuoli, when our coHtitry bus nohiuved the al- lotted space of human lit», hut to follow out tho quaintimai>inings, itinay bathe grotesque fancies, which human associations, und probauly human superstitions suggest. We naturally spéculaie- nt such a time, whether the commencement ol' decay in individual inauluio.l may not be the clo-u of th» meru in fancy of the national youth Whether the period of our em.ineip ition from political h image may not be determinad by the three score years anil ton, which uro said to em- ancipate thu-e who -urvive then from tlw trou- bles, the disquietudes, the turmoil'of life. It is perhii| a well that our mini versai y, which was eelohiiited yesterday, look piuco on u «Lu calculate to awake some reflections like these It is not our wont to cast any gloom upon seasons ol' !e«tiiity. Far be it from us to shaun»- iho heurt of a young community in tho hour of its rej.iia« illy- nor lions the duty of doing so devolve upon tis. There is no necessity for gloom a id anxiety, and the glad exhilarating spirit in which the yeatly testimony to our bounteous and beloved colony was held yesterday, sh «wed that her days of youth hal bat o un'iieneed, and that her oiild hood wus a happy and smiling ODO. Holiday striot holiday we might say -throughout the city was observe I, und we never perhaps t-a.v so large a number of our oitizens turn out to partake in and witness tho diversions of the day. But we cannot conceal the fact that thero was not that buoyant and hop 'ful merriment which »a have before .seen evinced . We do not be lievo lhere was any forced fe>tWity-that what »us paitikeuof was oujnted us a duty; hut us »ith tho individual, so with the ni uki til. In, there »us something to eil in hilarnos feeliiiiis-some- thing to check too rude a sense of unjin ment. There have linen many causes to awaken siiah sentiments as these in ihe heart of this commu- nity. Apart from the domestic disasters of the past year, -vhiflh have set so heavy a hand on the fortunes of this city, there have been many attend- ant calamities which me oacnlated to tinga our fortunes »ith mehiiioho'y. The oatustropliios in India, so appullii.g, so unholy, that the ghustly ghost of history glows pal ltd at their narration, which havo darkened the sunshine of how many of tho stately and happy homes of England, havo oust their shadow over many a hearth, have shed their sadness on immy a heart, have sickened to sliudtleiing desolation many a wi!d and eager spirit in young Australia. Lot us hope i ho lesson of savage barbarism wo read in theso atrocities will teaoh us bottor and better the true lesson of civilian! ion. Let us remember, in the recollection of these terrifying illustration» of tho wickedness ol' tho hiimu'u heart, undisciplined by lum ali tv und edu- cation and a juno und steadfast religious faith, ho» pettv mid how vain are all our political strug- U'ea aiul party dtaaunaious, to uiuke « country pros|ierotis a i.l happy ; nut that we »'milli under« value p.liti.til riuhtsur the due ex.re.isu t.f tlimit -llionjh our political r» rispeet tortile |iiv«t year is not full of ple.isu.it reminiscences. But ure wouhl have these rights ies'riiiucd,uud lim't'd hy th- far moro important sieiul conditions of education mid int-'lligeitce. We know very well tint legisla'ion must lielji educitioii through her earlier strtiggos in any community : tv» »ill trust, in this country, education will help legislation to »-.irk out ag- eut and glorious destiny for the infant Aii!>ln-,saxon empire of tho southern hemisphere. If in the t'irin iii und atiifo'of polit'o. which we have lately pissed through, something of a lethargy is coming over us in regard to such mutters, lotus not in political apathy forset, that in social enter- prise, in -social improvement, there is the wide«t" field for our most active exert ioiis ; nnd out of our seeming neglect of pilitieul duties, ¡four ener- gies a e righi ly directed ive may pluck the 11 »ver of safety from tho nettle' of political apathy which troubles us. Let ns .vork on ti 1 our muni« are more enlightened us to the reul social wants of the country than they nre at, present, anti we shall find the man, and with the those measures, to place us in aright position. Let them win. think there is no exalted pxblic svmpathv, no generous public virtue to be found except iii the arena of politics, heur the' impressive word ol' Lord Brougham. Speaking of the power of elo- quence- oi. cultivated eloquence, he says-"But, in peaceful tines, when the progress of events is slow and even us the silent and unheeded pace of time, a:id the jars of a mighty tumult in foreign and domestic concerns can be no longer herd, then, too, she flourishes-protectress of liberty, pntro uess of improvement, guardian of all the'blessiugs that can be showered on hum-in kind ! Nor is her form over 9een but on ground consecrated to free institutions." "To me." be continues, ''calmly revolving the«e things such pursuits seem far moro noble objects of ambition than any upon whiol the vulgar herd of busy men lavish prodi- gally their restless exertio'ns. To diffuse iiseim information, to further intellectual refirtemon', sure forerunner of moral improveiiient-to hasten the coming of that bright day when the dawn til general knowledge «shall cliuse away the bizi, lingeiing mists, even from the has» of thp ¡»real social pyramid ; this indeed is a high culling, in which the most splendid talents atal consuma e viituem.iv wull piss onward, eager to heur H. pun." Consoled hy reflections such as tliese, although there was less of e-.hiler.itiou in oin coiiiniiiiiitirations ol' yesterday ; there was noiliinu to awaken regret or" despondency. The soul ol the countiy was sobered und chastened, but n0 sad. The time we say again, ¡s fitting, mysten»u« old '' Three ooore nuil ten," that thou should'st give pause in ourcaieer-not the'ptuse of "creep- ing old aire, lint ev,«n the psu«e uf'the buhe that shuffles from its cradle, takes, ero it os-a«» to stund alone; but the pui«e which in luces us to ponder over all tin* old min, ¡I he ho a latriot, would bepieath to us. nil the dreams ami expectations which the bright infant »-til nigh uft«r ibw» »as the masculine energy «if au .« infant lleroulcs," to re- peat the oft reiterate«! quotation in the way in whioh our anniversary yesterday was kept 'up. iVe are not yet quite ont of our leading «uringa, but even now we can bear the tender chastisement of adversity without shrinking, without repining. We have enough of pluck mid eneigy and Britiih spirit to do justice to that glorious ting which in proud rejoicing, triumphing over all moro sordid considerations, was flung abroad yesterday in every street in Sydney, and which was never gnzed on by any true hearted colonist, without in- spiring him with confidence, und hope in the figure. There wus not tho slightest ¡iidiciition of busi- ness in tho city yesterday morning. Every shop and business establishment was closed, and very soon nfter nine o'clock the throngs of men, women, and children which flowed ulong the streets showed thnt_ high holiday mid festival was to be held t'ithili the city. The streets were crowded in all arts on the puthwuys by foot passengers, on the mid by cabs mid omnibuses racing against or running into encli other in nil diiections. The I'lngsiatf was gaily decked out ; the broad ensign of England «as hoisted at Government nouse; the royal and lovai subite »as duly fired, ind heartily responded to hy the toasters, who opped buttled beer and lemonade from the mailed shoies uf the harbour, the usual locality ?f attraction on hin-li occu-ion. A NEW l'oWUK .Foti l'iwi'Ku.i.>ii . "»..?.«. - I'liE CALIUUC Moron.- The Siw Yn if Coiiunt-rce sais: -By next February four years will have elapsed since tho oaloriu ship lOricsaeu went io \Vusliinguiu City, making «even knots an hour, willi u heal wind. By nany the success of the ue'w principle was coii -i.leied established, mid »us chronicled accord- ingly ., but the expectations then entertaiuetl tailed to be realised, und the oilorin niuohiuury »as replaced by the ordinary steam-engine. The time which hat since ejspsed bus not been Mifteied ni pass fruitlessly a«ay by Mr. Ericcssn-tor he has labored indelatigably for the perfection uf ins original design, and tint development of i ni"tor pro nising important results to com- merce ami the arts. The oalorio engine ha« iieen reproduced in forms vari tisly modified, md in all cu su notion; while the libjr wliicli it performs is vastly disproportioiied to the consumption .if fuel when compared with the results of con- sumption in other engines. TJiese rdinaiks are suggested by a viafc to the olHco of John B. liiiolitng, of this ci.), wnere one of Mr. E.oisoti's engines, us just oompleted, is «et np on a small seine, just siilhoieiuly large to illustrate the prin- ciple. Though i ccu'pying loss, than a cubic foot of spnoe, and heitu'd only by «gas, the power developed defies the strengih of a single mun. it is employed in pumping, and raises three hogsheads per hour to an elevation of 5 feet. This pattern is cillod a "domestio engine," being adapted to perform a great variety ot work ordin- arily dono by hand, anti with a suprising degree of economy. Another oalorio engine is moated on uno of the piers on the .North Uiver, and is de- signed for ship's use. In this oapioity it promi-es to accomplish important results; "for our fine large packets und sailing ships, being unable to carry steam engines, ure iiusupplied with the Worthington pump, and therefore have wholly to > ely ou m mu ii libir in ridding the ship i d' water in case of leak or other exigency. The caloric engine may be placed on the corner ol'thu cook's galley, almost unobserved, and may be put in opération in 15 or 20 minutes, doing rho labor of an entire crow. There being no possibility of cuplosioi or other disister, the co 't- is »imply qualified to ulliciue us engineer, if de- sired. The position of tho oiig-ne is a in itter of the leist auiisequ nue, s it reipn'ie- little iiuside« air, mid can run in t in fare-top. or upper deck, eq'l illy well. In ad htlou to the iib ive, a beam iful steam yacht has been plying ahmt the birbir tor. the last ton weeks, und is of-en heeii running iioi'o-s fruin Stat «u Isla id to Long l-l ni.I. A«, propelled solely by c dorio. T'tis bo it is 50 feet in I -ii'.t'i. with u-i eig'it-feet pa Idle-wheel, whioh works about 30 turns p<"r minuto, giving a sosed opi'il to eight or niuo knots an hour. The engine is controlled by anyone wh > happens to be- long to tho party on bair I. The fuel is either ooal or wool. Sin iii n.ikwo»I hssguierally been u«d, svwii into eight inch letigths ; and, itiorudibla us it may seem, only one tíord has been used during the last six weeks', though the bo it h is b^eli run more or less every day ! Even after the fires are wholly extinguished, stitlioieut heat is retiiined in tim metiiluf the engine (if u. has been thoroughly warmed, and is in gool working order,; to pnijiel the boat at least two miles. Too sp ice occupied by the engine of ibis hout is not larger fhuii the boiler which iho same bout would require if pro- pelled bv steam. It is said that, theo dorio engine can he built «ni any desired seale of in ignitude Chough the principle on whioh Eriossou's calorie engine was origin illy built is wholly presrved, the uiraiigoment and' mechanism ure entirely dif- ferent.-thu vvholo being reduced to a degree ol simplioity navor b'fore attained in any engine. DEATHS BY A FALL FROM SCAFFOLDING.—An inquest »as hold at tho Coroner's office on Friday last, on view of tho bodies of Charles Kirkwood, aged 54 years, and Alexandrew M'Culloch, aged 26 yours, who came to their death by injuries sustained bv the accident vi falling of shear poles against the" scaffolding. The guy polos having been altered by orders of the deceased, Kirk wood, that cirouinstuuos cnused their shears to g> out of their porpeii'lii'iilur, .md heneo the accident Verdict, accidental death. A rider was uttuohe.l to the verdict, aLrongly recommending that in fu- ture when uti) beaty substance is being lifted up by shears, uti purtles should stund from under timm, and condemning tim principle ot tíreoúu¡¿ sueur» ou nestles,-¿y, àJ. tUralii, 