IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF COMMONS. — FEBRUARY 17. CHURCH RATES ABOLITION BILL. Sir J. TRELAWNY, in moving the second reading of this bill, expressed his regret that the question had not fallen into other hands, but having been the chairman of the Select Committee on Church-rates, it had been thought desirable that he should be the person to take charge of the bill. He hoped that both parties in debat- ing this bill would rely entirely on facts and arguments, and would avoid everything which savoured of acrimony. If Churchmen in arguing this would put themselves in the position of Dissenters, and Dissenters in the position of Churchmen, both parties would be more likely to take a fair and impartial view of the differences which existed between them. It was generally supposed that church- rates were a tax upon property, but that was altogether a mistake. It was a tax in personaim, not in rem. Though it might be a common-law charge, there was no common-law mode of enforcing it. The only remedy was by means of the ecclesiastical courts, the pocedur? of which in such cases was entirely out of the question in these days. Therefore, even if the retention of the tax were desirable, some alteration as to the mode of enforcing it was absolutely necessary. There was also great difference of opinion as to the objects for which a rate could be levied, and no less than five objections might be taken in the ecclesiastical courts on the ground alone. The two cases which governed the law on this subject were known as the two Braintree cases. They were severally carried through the different courts from the ecclesiastical courts of the House of Lords, and the effect of the judgement of the House of Lords was that a minority of the parishioners could not make a rate. No doubt the churchwardens might apply any funds which happened to be in their hands, either from subscriptions, rent of lands, or any other source, to discharge the common law duty of repairing the fabric, byt they could not levy a rate without the consent of a majority. Most people were acquainted with the general features of a church-rate contest. First of all, there was the election of the churchwardens, and here, of couyrse, the Dissenters took all pains to get a Dis- senter for one of the churchwardens. If both happened to be Dissenters the case of the church-rate was despe- rate, for, of course, conscientious Dissenters would object to moving in any way to the ecclesiastical courts. But suppose that the churchwardens were members of the church, and a 4d. rate was made. They tried to enforce it, and the case went before a magistrate. The per- son who was called upon to pay, driven to the last resort, said "I dispute the validity of this rate." The utterance of these simple words at once took the matter out of the jurisdiction of the magistrate, and it went next to the Ecclesiastical Courts. In the Consistory Court, after a long struggle, perhaps the rate was established, and then it went to the Court of Arches. In the meantime subscriptions were often raised for the payment of all expenses, and the person who resisted the rate, instead of being a victim, not unfrequently reaped a benefit in the shape of increased custom in his business. From the Court of arches the case might go to the Common Law Courts, and thence perhaps it would get to the House of Lords. It was not ended even then, for there was a second Court of Appeal; it might go back again to the Court of Arches, and finally land in the Privy Council. He believed that the celebrated Braintree case had more than gone through all these stages. He could not imagine that this was a state of the law which the House would wish to perpe- tuate. (Hear, hear.) He knew that it was commonly urged that this was a charge upon land. That was not true in principle, and even if it were true in theory it must be taken with great qualifications, and he did not think that the system would be defended upon the pedantic ground that it was a charge upon property. He had read the return which had been moved for by the noble lord the member for Stamford with respect to the number of parishes assenting to church-rates and the number that resisted them; but he thought that that return, was in some instances fallacious, because it omitted all those parishes which were not within the cities or Parlimentary boroughs and it therefore did not in- clude the whole of the population. He had become pre- pared with a long list of those places in which grievances had occurred under the operation of the church-rate law, but as he did not wish to be documentary he would not trouble the House with them. The return showed, how- ever, in many instances that it was the church- men who had to complain and not the Dissenters, and he had extracted from the return a number of cases in which there were double church-rates, which was, of course, a hardship upon those who were called upon to pay them. According to the return which was made in 1854, the actual amount of church-rates was £814,659; the net charge upon them was £318,200, and the re- ceipts from other sources besides church-rates in that year were £170,195. If so large a sum were raised in that way might not more be obtained without compul- sory enactment? In the days of the free-trade struggle the landed gentry often complained of the burdens upon land, and objected to the repeal of the corn laws on account of those burdens. Now, here was an opportu- nity for adjusting the scale a little; let the agricultural party pair off the church-rates against corn laws, and aid him in getting rid of this impost. (Hear, hear.) The objects for which church-rates were granted were very vague and ill-defined; but the Government never ap- possed to have taken any trouble to minimize the evil as they might have done. For example, many Dissen- ters would not object to a burial rate; others again would not object to repair the fabric of the church; and so, if but a little pains had been taken by the Govern- ment, he believed that the more objectionable features of the present system might have been removed. The very thing which he now asked the House to grant had been done in Ireland in 1833 by the abolition of the vestry cess. If the vestry cess had not been abolished the Government would have found it im- possible to maintain it now; and he suggested that, as in the case of church-rates we had an unwork- able law against which the Dissenters had conscientious objections, the best thing that we would do was to abolish it at once; and he trusted, for the interest both of the church and of the public, that the course would be adopted. (Hear, hear.) Last year the Government had abolished ministers' money, which was unquestion- ably a fixed tax upon property. No one ever doubted that; yet, when somebody said that property had been bought subject to that tax, the noble lord at the head of the Government never condescended to argue the point; but, with that happy manner of his, he brushed the cobweb away with the besom of common-sense. ("Hear, hear," and a laugh.) Although the Dissenters had been promised some relief, however, last year, they had not been so successful as to obtain a renewal of it upon their recent interview with the Premier. The noble lord played with them in that facetious manner of which he was so capable, and seemed to turn them completely round his thumb. Of course the Dissenters were not altogether satisfied with the answer they had received. He did not think that any substitute which had yet been proposed for church-rates was satisfactory. Lord Althorp's plan was to charge a land-tax, which was not likely to meet with universal approbation; and the plan of pew rents was still worse, for it deprived the working classes of their right to go to church. (Hear, hear.) On the continent the church doors were open during the whole week, and everybody was invited to go in; here they were rightly closed on week days, and instead of week- day services working people were offered treble services on Sundays — the only holiday they had — and there they sat in church for two hours at a time listening to maxims from the pulpit which were systematically falsified in private life. (A laugh.) Our cathedrals had been opened lately for the benefit of the labouring classes, but it would take a long time to convince the working man, after he had been struggling for years with the beadle for a square foot of pavement, that the church was the joint inheritance of the rich and the poor. (Hear, hear.) His advice would be to open the churches on the week days, to give short services on those days, to open the parks and museums, as well as the churches, on Sun- days, and not to convert that day on which they preached glad tidings into a dull and sombre day of melancholy. Without trespassing longer on the time of the House he would conclude with an appeal to the good sense and generosity of the country gentlemen to assist him in re- moving the burden from the shoulders of conscientions objectors to church-rates, and to show themselves not behindhand in their efforts to promote the prosperity and the civilization of the age. (Hear, hear,) General THOMPSON said, that by an engagement with a highly respectable portion of his constituents he was obliged to support the present motion. He said this to show that he was not actuated by any hereditary or personal hostility to any of the parties in the contest. On the contrary, from anciented habit and many other ties his feelings were in favor of the established church on all points when he thought that the charge of injustice was not to be brought against her. He remembered that the church had often proved herself the champion of liberty; and in proof of this he need not go further back than the memorable occasion when the bishops were the leaders of the popular cause, and were the great instruments in securing to us that comparative peace and happiness which we now enjoyed. (Hear, hear.) It appeared to him that what policy at this moment was a message which should put an end to the heartburnings which arose from what was in fact a very inconsiderable cause, and which it would not be difficult for statesmen who had vanquished in far greater matters to achieve. The established church was not so strong as to invite a contest with men as learned, as eloquent, as honest, as popular, and perhaps, as numerous as her own body. We know that the doctrines of the established church has been declared a season of great and general agi- tation, and that it was not by one hand that her articles had been prepared. There were unmistakable evidences, indeed, of great diversities of opinions and of doctrines, and hence her contradictory absolutions, her not-to-be-defended-in-all details sacraments, and her purposely enigmatical creeds. All these things rendered her weak, and made its policy for her friends to cease from a war which could end in no advantage to the church. (Hear, hear.) He thought that the present bill was something like a feeler to ascertain the strength of the public interest on the subject be- cause it made no provision to supply the pecuniary de- ficiency which might arise to the establishment from the abolition of church-rates. If he were called upon to supply the deficiency he should say that it would be rea- sonable to make it up by a land tax. (Hear, hear.) Lord R. CECIL said, that the law as it had been laid down by the honorable member for Tavistock simply amounted to this — that any parish had the power of deci- dins for itself whether it would or would not impose a church-rate. There might indeed, be theoretical powers of enforcing a parish to raise a church-rate; but, prac- tically, every one knew that those powers could not be exercised. If that were the law, where, he asked, was the grievance? (Hear, hear.) Those parishes which went up so many petitions against church-rates were not compelled to subscribe one farthing if they did not please. They might, and did refuse to contribute to the support of the fabric of the national church; then, why did they interfere with those who were willing to subscribe and say that they should no more be allowed to do so? The honerable gentleman said that it was hard upon the minority of a parish that they should be forced to sub- scribe against their will; but that simply involved the question of whether the minority were to carry their views on the subject of taxation in the teeth of the majority. (Hear, hear.) If that were to be admitted it would seem to impugn the principle on which all government was founded. Many persons altogether objected to war, and, of course, as a conse- quence, they objected also to contribute money to be expended in war; but would it be held, therefore, because it was a grievance upon those persons, that we should enter upon no war whatever? Any person who maintained such a doctrine would be said to be insane. Even if nine-tenths of the parishes were to object to pay church-rates he did not see that that would be any reason why the other tenth should not be permitted to do so if they wished. But how did the fact really stand with reference to the readiness or otherwise of parishes to contribute church-rates? When this subject was last discussed the House was under consi- derable disadvantage in attempting to argue it, because there were then no returns to show how many parishes were really recalcitrant on the subject. That deficiency had now been supplied. The honorable member for Taristock objected that the returns were in some respects fallacious, because they did not include parishes which were not within cities or Parliamentary boroughs; but if the honorable member looked at the document he would see that it contained an abatract of the return of " all parishes in England and Wales" in which church-rates had been refused. So far, therefore, from being confined to parishes within cities and boroughs it included every parish in the kingdom. He would read to the House the results . which he had deduced from that return. In the first place he should observe that the question had been addressed to the churchwardes, and as they were fallible men — very fallible — it had been found difficult in some cases to extract any meaning from their answers. There were other places in which it had not been necessary to levy a church-rate within the last fifteen years; and there were other parishes in which, either from their being newly formed, or from immemorial custom, no church-rate had been leviable. 541 parishes must be eliminated from the return as fall- ing under one or other of these heads, 108 parishes in which the repairs of the church were fully provided for from other sources must also be eliminated from the return. There still remained in England 7327 parishes included in the return, in which the question of church- rates had been mooted within the last fifteen years. Of those 6970 had adhered to church-ratesk and 357 had resisted them. (Hear, hear.) In other words, more than 95 per cent. had paid, and not quite 5 per cent. had refused to pay them. That was the state of things in England. In Wales the case was not quite so favour- able. In 88 parishes the question had not arisen, and in four there was other provision. Of the remaining 540, 457 had paid and 83 had resisted; the proportion being 17 per cent. resisting and 83 per cent. paying. In the seven purely agricultural counties of Sussex, Wales, Somerset, Devon, Hereford, Salop, and Cumber- land, the number of parishes in which the question had arisen was 1533, of which 1501 had paid and 32 had resisted; or, in other words, a trifle more than 9 per cent. out of the whole number had resisted. (Hear, hear.) In discussions upon this question it was frequently said "that is as far as the dis- affection has gone at present, but it is spreading every day." Instead of that being the case, however, he be- lieved that the result of the return was to show that in all places where the church of England had held her away for a lengthened period, church-rates had not been resisted; while in Wales, where a different lan- guage was spoken, and in thickly populated towns, where there had been a sudden congestion of population which her means, and, he was sorry to add, in come cases her energies, had not been able to meet, church-rates had been refused. These places were so distinctly marked that you could place your hand upon them without difficulty; you could draw a cordon sani- taire round the localities, and indicate exactly the limits beyond which the church-rate fever had not ex- tended. (Hear, hear.) His belief was, therefore, that if they would let things remain as they were, and would not object to a law merely because it was an anomaly — when our constitution was full of anomalies — the dis- ease would not spread further than it had already gone; those parishes which had freed themselves from church- rates would remain free, and those which had paid would continue to pay. (Hear, hear.) The honorable member for Travistock had suggested that there was something mean in endeavouring to support the church by com- pulsory rates, and that it should be left to voluntary efforts. The return before the House, however, showed that in many places where the rates had been refused the voluntary system had been tried, and that it had broken down altogether. In the matter of educa- tion even the voluntary system had failed. The honorable member had truly said, with reference to pew rents, that they kept working men out of the church, and prevented it becoming a really national church; but if church-rates were abandoned they would be obliged to have recourse to pew rents, and then the preaching of the gospel would be reduced to a mere commercial matter. (Hear, hear.) He contended that the church had a claim upon the peo- ple from the mere fact of it having been established for centries, and from it being held so fast as it was within the rigours and fetters of the law. People called upon her to do as the Dissenters did, and to adopt the volun- tary system; but they forgot that she had been in action for many years, that the whole of the voluntary system as applied to her was out of gear, that it had rusted from disuse, and that there were many advantages possessed by other sects which were not possessed by her, and which rendered it very little likely that she could raise £350,000 a year by the voluntary system. The estab- lished church laboured under many disadvantages which did not attach to the other religious communications in this country, one of which disadvantages was, that to a great extend she did not appoint her own clergy or bishops. (Hear, hear.) He was not prepared to impugn the arrangement as to their appointment, but the result was a cramping of the voluntary section of her members unknown among the other religious communions. It would therefore be very hard to make the established church depend upon voluntary contributions for the maintenance of ther edifices, He opposed the Bill because, without any adequate cause, it would disarrange an ancient institution, and would be the first blow against the union of Church and State. (Cheers.) The severance of that tie would lead to great social demoralization. For the sake, then, of the clergy, the laity, and above all the State, he hoped the House would reject the Bill. The noble lord con- cluded by moving that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. Sir. A. ELTON avowed that although he did not approve all details of the Bill, yet if there were no other means of getting rid of the animosities exited against the established church by the collection of church- rates than this Bill, he would heartily support it as it stood. It would extinguish a great nuisance, and at the same time confer a great boon on the church, for church-rates were a great obstacle to her advancement. (Hear, hear.) It was a mistake to suppose that the bitterest enemies of the church were those who most opposed to church-rates. He remembered having had not very long since a conversation with a wealthy Dissenter, who was a very bitter enemy of the church, in the course of which he said that his ambition was to confiscate the whole of of the property of the church and divide it among the different sects, graciously adding that he would consent to a portion of the robbed property being given back to the church. He, however, said — "I am not at all in favour of abolishing church- rates. No, no. They give the Dissenters who are hostile to the church a good handle against her. (Cheers.) That's a raw place which we like to rub." ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) He should be very sorry to attribute those sentiments to all Dissenters, because he knew that many of them were actuated by a very different feeling, and at this moment contributed largely and generously to the sustenance of the fabric of the church. (Cheers.) There was in the city of Bristol a Dissenter whose noble munificence to the church surpassed that of many of the wealthy churchmen in that neighbourhood. He did not wish to see church-rates entirely abolished without some provision being made by the State towards supporting the fabric of the church, and therefore suggested that an arrangement resembling that with regard to national education should be made, by which means one-third of the funds necessary for the maintenance of that fabric might be supplied by the State, and two-thirds by the voluntary contributions of the people residing in the district in which the expenditure was needed. Mr. BALL maintained that there was no question which caused so much bitterness of spirit between Churchmen and Dissenters as that of these horrible church- rates. (Laughter.) The argument of the noble lord as to the expediency of allowing a majority of the country who were in favour of church-rates to overrule a minority who were opposed to them, just as, in the question of war, an anti-war minority had to yield to the decision of a majority in favour of war, and to contribute equally with them to the expenses of a war, was wholly inapplicable to the question of church-rates; because the whole of the nation might be benefited by a war, whereas the Dissenters, who constituted a very large portion of the entire nation, did not attend the ministrations in those churches which the law compelled them to keep in repair. According to the last census the established church had 14.077 places of worship, which would give accommodation to 5,317,915 persons. The Dissenters had 20,000 places of worship, which afforded accommodation to 4,894,648 persons. These figures did not include the Roman Catholic places of worship; and therefore, if you added them to the Dissenting places of worship, the accommodation afforded by the church was no greater then, and probably not so great as, that afford- ed by the other religions communications. The noble lord had said that very few parishes objected to the payment of church-rates, and there was therefore no necessity for this Bill. The fewness of objections was owing to the disinclination of Dissenters in many places, who would generously contribute of their own accord to the main- tenance of the fabric of the church, to enter into a con- test with Churchnen about church-rates. The noble lord had, in the next place, said that if the 350,000L raised by means of church-rates were taken from the church, she would not be able by means of voluntary contributions to collect that amount; but it was idle to suppose that the church that represented nearly all the aristocracy and wealth of the country could not collect even ten times that amount if necessary for the support of her edifices. He had now dis- posed of all the arguments of the noble lord against the Bill, and they certainly were so very weak that he re- gretted he had not been afforded the pleasure of dis- posing of more of such feeble material. (Laughter.) In conclusion, he sincerely hoped that Churchmen and Dissenters would cordially unite, in the spirit of their Great Master, in putting an end to church-rates, which were a great injustice and a source of the bitterest ani- mosity between large masses of the population. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DRUMMOND said, the honorable gentleman who had just sat down and talked of those who were attached to ecclesiastical establishments uniting with those who were in favour of the voluntary system; but how was it possible for men influenced by two such antagonistic principles to unite? An attempt to combine them would be like heaping up pieces of ice on a fire. The honor- able gentleman behind him (Sir A. Elton) said he would very gladly support the second reading of the bill, be- cause, although he did not entirely approve it, it was in such a shape as to permit of its being amended in committee to his taste; but unfortunately there was no room for amendment in committee. (Hear, hear.) The bill consisted simply of one little clause of a line and a half, which simply said that church-rates should be abolished. (Sir J. Tyrrell : "No, no; read the bill.") He would read it. First, there was clause 1, which was in these words, "From and after the passing of this Act no church-rate shall be made or levied in any parish in England or Wales.: (Sir J. Tyrrell : "Go on.") Go on! Why, the second clause had nothing at all to do with the matter. (Laughter.) It merely provided that where church-rates had been already mortgaged the mortgagees should not be cheated, — that was all. (Laughter.) The house should remember that this was the only rate levied in this country to which people were permitted to make any objection. With respect to poor- rates, lighting-rates, paving-rates, police-rates, gaol-rates, lunatic asylum- rates, the ratepayers had nothing to do but pay them. They had no choice in the matter. The Brain- tree case had been alluded to. The history of England did not produce a decision more scandalous, more con- trary to all law and equity, than the decision in that case. (Laughter, cries of "Oh! oh!) That case, he regretted to say, would accomplish the ruin of the established church. It would have been somewhat more manly in the opponents of the church to bring forward a proposition to do away with her at once — to remove at once the bishops from the House of Lords, and to get rid of tithes and all the rest of things belonging to her, instead of coming in this petty-larcenous, sneaking way to work her ruin. (Greater laughter and cheers.) Talk about conscience in the matter! Conscience indeed! (Laughter.) If we had an established church at all, we must support the building as national property (cheers), exactly upon the same ground as we support the House of Parliament, the Royal Palaces, the British Museum, and all other similar buildings. (Hear, hear.) If we withdrew national support from these build- ings, why then we might talk of bringing in the voluntary principle with regard to the church. Every country in the world that had an estab- lished church gave national support to the fabric thereof. How inconsistent it was in those gentleman who professed to encourage and even to have created a love of the fine arts among the populations of this coun- try to give their support to this bill, which would cause the destruction of those magnificent sacred edifices for which England was pre-eminently distinguished! The arguments of the supporters of this bill would tell as much against the monarchy as against the church-rates. By and by we should hear of honorable gentleman getting up in that House to relieve a "conscientious minority" from the burden of supporting the Throne, and the other institutions of the country. All these "conscientious objections" were connected with the pocket some how or other. (Laughter.) You never heard anything about them, except when there was something tangible, quel- que chose de positif — something more than a mere prin- ciple or theory, but which the objectors tried to keep in the background. He hoped the House would reject the bill. (Cheer.) LORD STANLEY said the church was obliged in these days, in consequence of the utter inadequacy of the en- dowments of past ages, to rely on the voluntary prin- ciple for the purpose of extending her influence among the masses of the people, and as that principle had not failed with regard to church extension, he be- lieved it would be equally efficacious with regard to the sustenance of the church's fabric. The noble lord had spoken of the obligation imposed upon a minority of complying with the decisions of a majority; but that was the first time that he had ever heard it laid down even in that House that a majority could do no wrong. The argument of the noble lord undoubtedly applied when the majority agreed upon measures that would work for the benefit of the whole, but was altogether inapplicable to church-rates, which were levied upon the whole for the benefit merely of a portion of the popula- tion. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord said that the number of parishes in which church-rates had been refused was very small, but a refusal must be preceded by a demand. The noble lord had not made the slightest mention of that very large number (which was yearly increasing) of parishes in which no rate was refused, simply because it was perfectly well known that none would be granted. (Cheers.) Every one knew that within the last 30 years the wealth of the country had enormously increased. Not a single newspaper could be taken up which did not inform you of the fact that the zeal and liberality of the people with regard to church building and church repairs was far greater now than in the days of the last generation. (Hear, hear.) But during that very period the amount obtained by church-rates had decreased in the proportion of three to one. The conclusion was obvious — that the reliance of Churchmen upon church-rates had been continually decreasing, and that they were tending more and more every day in the direction of that voluntary system which the honorable member (Mr. Drummond) said was incom- patible with the existence of an established church. (Hear.) There was another class of parishes, which far exceeded in number either of those classes to which he had already referred, in which church-rates were levied upon a kind of tacit understanding.— parishes in which confessedly church-rates were main- tained, but upon a fair understanding on all sides, and the fact being well knbown that those rates contained an item which if brought before a court of law would invalidate the whole proceedings. He believed that it was an uncontested fact — indeed he heard that it had been said by a lawyer of great eminence, that if all the church-rates levied in the country were put together a great majority would be found to be entirely illegal on account of items which they contained. Well, then, taking those four classes of parishes — first, that class, which was not very numerous, in which church-rates had been refused; secondly, that larger class in which no rate had been refused, simply because it had never been asked for; thirdly, that class in which rates had been levied upon a voluntary understanding that no one would be compelled to pay them; and fourthly, that class of parishes in which rates were levied and paid without dispute with the full knowledge of their illegality, which rates, therefore, become nothing more than a voluntary contribution; and putting them together, it would be found a very large proportion of parishes, both agricultural and urban, in which the collection of church-rates did not rest upon strict law, but was, in fact, of the nature of a volun- tary contribution. (Hear, hear.) Well, then, he might perhaps be told that if that were the case, if year by year the voluntary system was becoming more and more sub- stituted for the system of rates, there was no present grievance, and he might be asked what need at present was for legislation? (Hear, hear.) He would not dwell upon the question of the expense incurred by litigation, because upon that subject there could be but one opinion; but this he could say, that he believed that it was an acknowledged fact that within the last few years the animosity which had formerly existed between the great body of Nonconformists and the established church had greatly subsided (loud cries of ("Hear, hear.") and that being the case, surely the policy of the established church ought to be a policy of conciliation. (Hear, hear.) Now, what was the practice at present? Why, in any parish where Nonconformists were weak or were ami- cably disposed a tax was put upon them, whereas wherever they were strong or hostilely disposed they escaped that impost. Now, he did not hesitate to say, as a matter of policy, that such a proceeding could not tend to strengthen the established church. (Hear, hear.) He himself had often heard from persons practically con- versant with the subject that when attempts had been made by certain clergymen to dispense with a rate and rely upon the voluntary system they had been met with by the reply — "Why do you come and ask us for a subscription when you have the legal means of obtaining what you want? (Hear, hear.) He would just for a moment glance at the various attempts which had been made to effect a com- promise upon this subject. Some years back a proposi- tion had been very fully discussed in that House, which was, that all persons who did not belong to the estab- lished church should be exempt from paying rates. Now, he confessed that that proposal did not appear to him to be unreasonable or unfair (hear, hear); but it was objected to by gentlemen on both sides of the House. and eventually was thrown out. Another proposition had been that a rate should be levied for the mainten- ance of the fabric of the church alone, and that no part of it should go forward defraying any part of the expense of carrying on the ordinary worship. That proposal seemed to satisfy no one, and a third proposal had been made by no less a person than the Primate of England fopr the abolition of church-rates. That proposal was accompanied by a somewhat curious provision, which was, that in every parish where church-rates were abol- ished there must have previously been a certain amount of agitation. (Hear, hear.) Now, to the principle of that Bill he agreed, but he certainly objected to the pro- vision that there was to be no abolition of the rates with- out there having been as a preliminary step a certain amount of local agitation. (Hear, hear.) He confessed that it appeared to him that none of those proposals for a compromise met with the approbation of the House, for one by one they were discussed, and one by one rejected, although he understood the general feeling of the House to be opposed to the present law. He was quite sure that there was no class of persons who were more eager for an alteration of the present law than a very large number of the country clergy; and that being the case, the present law being intenable, and all attempts at com- promise having been unsuccessful, he felt that he had no other option than to support the bill. (hear, hear.) Sir G. GREY said that he felt considerable difficulty in approaching the consideration of the subject, because while, upon the one hand, he could not agree with his hon. friend who had moved the second reading of the bill in the opinion that the church rates should be totally abolished, on the other hand he was by no means satis- fied with the arguments which had been used by the noble lord who proposed to amendment, or in order to in- duce the House to reject the bill. (Hear, hear.) Per- haps the House would remember that two years ago, when Sir W. Clay was a member of that House, he pro- posed a bill for the abolition of church-rates, and that he had supported the second reading of the bill, at the same time pledging himself to promise certain amendments in committee, which would convert the bill into one, not for the total, but for the partial abolition of church-rates. Subsequent consideration had confirmed him in the view which he had then taken, and he had been strengthened in his opinion that the course which he then recommended was the correct one to adopt by a careful analysis of the returns which had since that period been presented to the House. As regarded the calculation of the noble lord who had just addressed the House, he could only say that although the returns were not very clear upon the subject, yet he believed that the result which they disclosed was that out of all the parishes in the country, speaking in round numbers, about 90 per cent. paid church-rates, and 10 per cent. did not pay them, either because they refused to do so, or because they had not been asked. There was, however, one im- portant consideration which had not as yet been adverted to, and that was that it was not the number only of those parishes which had refused to pay church-rates, or which had not been asked to do so, which was to be looked to, but it was also the amount of the population. (A gesture or dissent from Lord Stanley.) The noble lord appeared to think that that was immaterial, but it appeared to him to be of great importance. If a com- parison were made between the population of these par- ishes where the church-rates were paid, which in number amounted top 90 per cent. of the whole number of the parishes in the country, and the population of those parishes where a rate had been refused or not asked for, it would be found that the population of the former amounted to 13,500,000, while that of the latter amounted to about 6,000,000. It was easy also to see how dif- ferently the present law operated in country parishes and in town parishes. If any honorable gentleman would look to the returns of those parishes which had refused to levy church-rates, and would stop at almost every large town, such as Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool, Blackburn, and others of the same size, he would per- ceive that almost all those large towns had refused to have a rate, while, on the other hand, in the country parishes, where Dissenders perhaps were not so numer- ous, church-rates were most freely levied. Well, then that being the case, he thought that it would be acting in a very unfair manner to the established church to say that because the large towns had practically abolished church rates, therefore, none should be levied in the country. (Hear, hear.) Why, to prevent the vestries of any parish levying a rate, however willing and desir- ous they might be in doing so, and however willing and desirous the ratepayers might be that such rate should be levied, would be the most unjust and oppressive to people. (Hear, hear.) He could not agree with the hon. member for West Surrey in thinking that church- rate stood upon the same footing as those other rates which he had enumerated. The hon. gentleman had himself said that in regard to those other rates there existed a power in some authority or other to require in a court of law that they should be levied, but it was that very thing which constituted the difference between those rates and church-rates, because they had the authoritative decision of the highest court of judicature in the land in the case to which the hon. gentleman had referred, and he felt disposed to speak of that decision with more respect than the hon. gentleman had done, that the imposition of church-rates was a voluntary act. That there was a common law obligation to impose them was true, but there was no means of enforcing the fulfilment of that obligation. A majority of the vestry might, there- fore, practically refuse to levy a rate or decide upon the imposition of one, and if they imposed a rate it could be legally demanded. There existed no legal power by which a vestry could be compelled to make a rate, and that being the existing state of the law, it was perfectly competent to any vestry to exercise the power of refusing to impose a rate. The noble lord who had just sat down had cer- tainly not held out much encouragement to a compro- mise, and he agreed with the noble lord that it was a very difficult task to propose any compromise; but, taking into consideration the present state of the law, and believing that the total abolition of church-rates would be an arbitrary and unjust act as regarded the established church, he had suggested in 1856 a course which he thought it might be desirable to adopt at present. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord had stated that he believed a great portion of the clergy were anxious for an alteration of the existing law, and in that opinion he quite agreed with the noble lord. He, as well as some of his colleagues, had received innumerable suggestions from gentlemen in different parts of the country, complaining of the existing state of the law. Those gentlemen complained of the total abolition of church-rates, but there was great difficulty in acting upon their suggestions, because they were chiefly founded upon an opinion that it would be possible to have an entire system devised throughout the kingdom. Now, the fact was that it was necessary to recognise as an accomplish- ed fact the abolition of church-rates, where, practically speaking, they had been abolished, and any attempt to revive them in those towns where by common consent they had been done away with, and other means substi- tuted for maintaining the fabric of the church, would only give rise to dissension, and would be attended with most mischievous results. It was quite clear also that in those large towns other means had been substituted for defraying those expenses which were formerly charg- ed upon church-rates, so that, practically, church-rates were not required. Church-rates only applied to the parish church. Now, in most of those large towns where the population had increased district churches had sprung up in large numbers, and, none of them having any power to participate in any church-rate, in those churces provision had been made by voluntary contri- bution, and he believed that those objects which were effected by the rate in a parish church had been a well provided in the district as in the parochical churches. In large towns it was easy to raise money from a con- gretation by voluntary contribution, aided by what might arise from pew-rents or endowments, and he could not believe that the fabric of the church would be allowed to fall away. (Hear, hear.) At the same time to maintain that fabric required greater means than could, perhaps, voluntarily be raised in remote country parishes. What he had ventured to suggest in 1856, and what he would suggest again now, was that that House, in legislating upon the subject, should recognize the abolition of church-rates in those parishes where prac- tically they were already abolished, but that they should not deprive the vestries of other parishes of the power of making a rate where they were willing to do so; but at the same time, with a view of relieving the consciences of individuals, that no one who differed from the estab- lished church should, upon making a declaration to that effect, be compelled to pay the rate. He further por- posed that, to raise a supplemental fund, power should be given to the churchwardens or to the vestry to place upon a certain proportion of the sittings a rental. (Loud fries of "No, no!") He knew that great objection was felt by some persons towards pew rents, but, by the law as it at present stood, in a large number of churches throughout the country there was power to take pew- rents, and he did not think that it would be objection- able to give such a power to a limited extent in the manner and for the purpose to which he has referred. He also proposed that in some parishes power should be given to raise a rentcharge (sic) for the same purposes to a limited amount. Those were the grounds of compromise which he had suggested in 1856, and as Sir W. Clay had expressed himself satisfied with them he had sup- ported the second reading of the Bill introduced by that hon. baronet, with the intention of moving in committee amendments which would carry out his suggestions. The hon. member for West Surrey on that occasion had objected to the course taken, and said that those amendments would so entirely alter the character of the Bill that, instead of being proposed as amendments, it would be beC to in- clude them in a distinct bill. Now, he admitted the force of that observation, and therefore, if he did not receive the same assurance from the honorable baronet which he did receive from Sir W. Clay, he should be disposed to vote against the present bill, and if it were rejected he himself would be prepared to introduce a bill founded upon the suggestions which he had made in 1856. )Loud cries of "Hear, hear.") Mr. HOPE rose amid loud calls for a division, the re- petition of which was so continuous that very few sen- tences which fell from the honorable gentleman reached the gallery. He was understood to say that, after having attended carefully to the discussion, he had observed that no two persons who had spoken had viewed the question from the same aspect, and that those who supported the measure were those who had brought forward the strongest arguments against it, while it had been most ably supported by its opponents. During the first part of the speech of the right honorable gentleman who had last sat down he thought that he should be able to agree with him better than with any one else who had spoken, but then at the end of the speech of the right honorable gentleman came the sting (a laugh) — namely, his recognition of that objectionable prin- ciple which he had thought all would have agreed in looking upon as irreconcilable with the first principle of Christianity — he meant the principle of pew-rents. (Hear, hear.) They had heard that with- out legislation the system of church-rates was gradually being superseded by that of voluntary contributions. (Hear, hear.) Well, then if that were so, why not let the question settle itself? Why attempt to legislate at all, and thus subject the country to periodical agitgation? (Hear, hear.) After a few words from Mr. GARNETT, which, in con- sequence of the loud calls for a division, were inaudible in the gallery. The CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER rose and said — Seeing the natural impatience of the House to come to a division upon this subject, I only rise for a very few minutes in order to make one remark upon this question. The suggestion of my right honorable friend is not a mere compromise of an ordinary nature endeavouring to cut off a certain portion of the extreme, and to attempt to satisfy opinion, but it would, I believe bring about a practical solution of the question. A my right honorable friend has explained to the House, there are two classes of parishes to deal with, and the circumstances of those two classes are entirely different. In large town parishes a fund has been sub- stituted to supply the place of church-rates, and those parishes have practically acquiesced in the abolition of rates. To attempt to force upon those parishes a revival of the system of church-rates would be to revive strife and to create disturbance, and therefore what my right honorable friend proposes is with regard to that class of parishes where the question is practically settled, to recognise the practice which exists, and to say what where church-rates have not been levied for a certain number of years there shall be no power to impose them in future. Then there is another large class of parishes in which church-rates are regularly paid, in which there is no desire to abolish them, and in which there is no facility for acquiring means for maintaining the fabric of the church in the event of the abolition of church-rates. My right honorable friend proposes that the power of these parishes to make church-rates should not be taken away. But, then, this objection arises that even in these parishes discord may occur from a minority of Dissenters going into the vestry and opposing the making of a rate. The objection enter- tained to church-rates, be it observed, is conscientious, not an economical objection, and therefore a provision will be introduced allowing any person who has a con- scientious objection to the payment of them, upon a declaration that he is not a member of the Established Church, to have have his name expunged from the rate, and to be exempt from the impost. Now it is remarkable that those on whom the burden of the church-rates really falls, the class of landlords, are persons who are willing to continue the present system in the rural parishes. If Parliament were to abolish church-rates by a compulsory process the gain would accrue, not to the ratepayer but to the landlord, on whom the burden ultimately falls, it being in fact a deduction from the rent, which is a matter of agree- ment between the landlord and tenant. The persons on whom the tax really falls do not, however, object of its continuance; the objection proceeds from those who oppose it on conscientious grounds, and the plan pro- posed by my right honorable friend would entirely ob- viate that class of objections. Therefore I think the House will see, on looking into the question, that this is not a mere compromise, but is, in fact a practical solu- tion to all existing difficulties. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SLANEY, who arose amid loud cries of "Divide!" said that the right honorable gentleman the Home Secretary, having pledged himself to bring in a measure infinitely preferable to the one now before the House, and which, while it would remove all practical objection to church-rates, would at the same time provide for the support of ecclesiastical fabrics, he would divide against the present Bill, and reserve his vote for the bill of the Government. Sir J. TRELAWAY, in reply, characterised the proposi- tion of the Home Secretary as a mere dancing on the tight-rope between the difficulties of both sides of the question. It was conceived in anything but a states- manlike spirit, and was in no way exhaustive of the subject. The House then divided, and the numbers were :— For the second reading................................................213 Against it....................................................................160 Majority........................................................................—53 The Bill was therefore read a second time, this result being greeted with loud cheers. HOW WELLINGTON PROCURED SUPPLIES FOR HIS TROOPS ON MARCH IN INDIA.— To Colonel Pater. "Camp two miles south of Cullumbella, 11st June, 1800. My dear Colonel, — I have had the pleasure to receive your letter of the 28th May, with its inclosures (sic) from Captain Price and Captain Macgregor, and I acknowledge that your con- cluding paragraph, in which you tell me that you want for nothing, and that your people and your horses are in high health, order, and spirits, afford much consolation after the impression received by the perusal of the former part of it. Most certainly orders have been given to per- met the people of the country to sell you everything that you may want, and that they may have; but orders have not been given to the aumildars to interfere to procure anything for you; because I a exceedingly anxious that the troops should be independent of the civil govern- ment, from which I desire nothing more than that they will remain neuter and I am willing and desirous that we should depend for our supplies on what alone can make them plentiful; namely, our own money and the interest which the people of the country have to dispose of the articles in their possession of which we are in want. This interest they will steadily pursue if the government remain neuter, and that is all I desire from them; and it is all the assistance which I receive, or ever have re- ceived, in, probably, the most plentiful camps that have ever been known in this country. Under these circum- stances I have to recommend to you to order the gram agents to purchase gram at any rate, and immediately to complete their bullocks, and keep them so. You should have no nerrick for rice in your bazaar; let the bazar people purchase it and sell it for what they can; it will be dear, probably, just at first, as gram will be likewise, but the high price given will occasion a desire to sell, a consequent competition among the sellers, and will lower the price. What I have above written is the dictate of commonsense proved to be true by expe- rience, and you may depend upon it that the interests of the people are a better foundation for supplies than the exertions of any aumildar or evil government, provided they will remain neuter. You may ask if the people feel this interest, and are allowed to act as it dictates, why do they refuse to sell their goods, and ask so enormous a price for them, and one so much above that which is common and natural? I answer because it is in their in- terest. They know perfectly well what is likely to hap- pen, and from experience they know what they are likely to get for their goods when what they expect will hap- pen. They, therefore, now ask a larger price for them than they are worth, and keep them up to get it; but give that price and you will immediately create a com- petition which will reduce it as low as it probably ought to be. I have in my camp, at this moment, all the company's bullocks, and my consumption of a gram is, probably, greater than that of all the regiments of cavalry put together. I have never had any assistance whatever from any aumildar, and I have not yet heard that there has been any difficulty in procuring that or anything else, and the price is low. If it were ten times higher it must be given, and as long as the government will not interfere, I shall be well supplied. Believe me, &c.;, ARTHUR WELLESLEY —Supplementary Dispatches and Memoranda of Field Marshal Arthur Duke of Welling- ton, K. G. BURNESE "CLIPPERS."—At Menhila, boats were nume- rous, and there were some fine specimens of the larger craft of the Irawadi. Two of these could scarcely have been less than 120 or 130 tons in burden. Two kinds of vessels, of entirely different structure, are used on the river. These larger boats were of the kind called Hnau, which is the most common. The model is nearly the same for all sizes, from the merest dingy upwards. The keel-piece is a single tree, hollowed out, and stretched by the aid of fire when green, a complete canoe, in fact. From this, ribs and planking are carried up. The bowls low, with beautiful hollow- lines, strongly resembling those of our finest modern steamers. The stern rises high above the water, and below the run is drawn out fine to an edge. A high bench or platform for the steer- man, elaborately carved, is an indispensable appendage. The rudder is a large paddle, lashed to the larboard quarter, and having a short tiller passing athwart the steersman's bench. The most peculiar part of the ar- rangement of these vessels is in the spars and rigging. The mast consists of two spars; it is, in fact, a pair of shears, bolted and lashed to two posts rising out of the keel- piece, so that it can be let down, or unshipped alto- gether, with little difficulty. [Nearly the same kind of mast is used by the celebrated Ilanon pirates of the Eastern Archipelago. When chased, they are thus ens- bled to run into a creek, and drop the mast instanta- neously, so that it gives no guidance to their whereabouts. The coincidence in customs between the Islanders and the Indo-Chinese races of the Continent are very many, though some ethologists have classed them apart.] Above the mainyard the two pieces run into one, forming the topmast. Wooden rounds run as ratlines from one spar of the mast to the other, forming a ladder for going aloft. The yard is a bamboo, or a line of sliced bam- boos, of enormous length, and, being perfectly flexible, is suspended from the masthead by numerous guys or halyards, so as to curve upwards in an inverted bow. A rope runs along this, from which the huge mainsail is suspended, running on rings like a curtain, outwards both ways from the mast. There is a small topsail, of similar arrangement. The sailcloth used is the common light cotton stuff used for clothing. Of any heavier material it would be im- possible to carry the enormous spread of sail which dis- tinguishes these boats. At Menhila one vessel was lying so close to the shore that I was enabled to pace the length of the half-yard. I found it to be 65 feet, or, for the length of the whole spar, neglecting the curve, 130 feet. The area of the mainsail in this case could not have been very much less than 4000 square feet, or one- eleventh of an acre. These boats can scarcely sail, of course, except before the wind. But, in ascending the Irawadi, as on the Ganges during the rainy season, the wind is almost always favourable. A fleet of them speeding before the wind, with the sunlight on their bellying sails, has a splendid though fantastic appear- ance. With their vast spreading wings and almost in- visible hulls, they look like a flight of colossal butterflies skimming the water. — A Narrative of the Mission sent by the Governor-General of India to the Court of Ara, in 1855\. By Captain Henry Yule, Bengal Engineers. A HAUNTED HOUSE.— Speaking of ghosts, I have heard that, some years ago, there was a lone house standing by itself, near a plantation, not far from Guildford. This house nobody would ever take because it was haunted, and strange noises heard in it every night after dark; several tenants tried it but were frightened away by the noises. At last, one individual more courageous than the rest resolved to unravel the mystery. He accordingly armed himself cap -a pie, and having put out the light, re- mained sentry in one of the rooms. Shortly, he heard on the stairs, pit, pat; a full stop, then pit, pat; a full stop again. The noise was repeated several times, as though some creature, ghost or no ghost, was coming up stairs. At last the thing, whatever it was, came close to the door of the room where the sentry was placed and listening; his heart too, chimed in with the tune pit, pat, rather faster than it was wont to do. He flung open the door — hurry skurry, bang; something went down stairs with a tremendous jump, and all over the bottom of the house the greatest confusion, as of thousands of demons rushing in all directions was heard. This was enough for one night. The next night our crafty sentry established him- self on the first landing with a heap of straw and a box of lucifer matches; soon all was quiet. Up the stairs again came the pit pat, pit pat. When the noise was close to his ambush he scraped his match, and set fire to his straw, which blazed up like a bonfire in an instant; and what did he see? only a rabbit, who stood on his hind legs, as much astonished as was the sentry. Both man and beast mutually inspected each other, the biped hurled a sword at the quadruped, who disappeared down stairs quicker than he came up. The noise made was only the rabbit's fore and hind legs hitting the boards as he hopped from one stair to the other. The rabbits had got into the house from the neighbouring plantation, and had fairly frightened away, by their nocturnal wan- derings, the rightful owners thereof. The more coura- geous sentry was rewarded for his vigil, for he held his tongue as to the cause of the ghost. He got the house at a reduced rent, and several capital pies made of the Ghost's bodies into the bargain. — Curiosities of Natural History. By Francis T. Buckland. M. A. REMARKABLE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.— Each perform- ance was attended by a full Burmese orchestra. The principal instruments belonging to this are very remark- able, and, as far as I know, peculiar to Burma. The chief instrument in size and power is that called in Burmese Put-tshaing, and which I can only name in English as a Drum-Harmonicon. It consists of circu- lar tub-like frame, about thirty inches high and four feet six inches in diameter. This frame is formed of separate wooden staves, fancifully carved and fitting by tenon into a hoop which keeps them in place. Round the interior of the frame are suspended, vertically, some eighteen or twenty drums, or tom-toms, graduated in tone, and in size from about two and a half inches diameter up to ten. In tuning the instrument, the tone of each drum is modified as required by the application of a little moist clay with sweep of the thumb, in the centre of the parchment. The whole system then forms a sort of harmonican, on which the performer, squatted in the middle, plays with the natural piectra of his fingers and palms, and with great dexterity and musical effect. Another somewhat similar instrument consists of a system of small gongs, arranged between two concentric circular frames. In this case the outer frame, which is carved like that of Pat-tshaing, is about four feet diameter by fourteen inches high. The player sits within the inner circles, and strikes the gongs with small drumsticks. This in- strument is one of singular sweetness and melody. A Narrative of the Minion sent by the Governor-Gene- ral of India to the Court of Ava, in 1855. By Captain Henry Yule, Bengal Engineers. TERRIBLE BATTLE WITH A WOLF. — The Languedocien relates to the following act of courage on the part of a man named Coudreau, a farmer in the mountainous part of the department. The man had just retired to rest, when his daughter, who was still engaged about her household work, came to tell him that the geese in the stable were making a very unusual noise. Coudreau, without stopping to dress himself, went immediately to the place, thinking that some thieves were there, when, to his sur- prise, the first thing he saw was an enormous wolf, which had effected an entrance into the stable, and had already killed one goose. On the door being opened, the animal attempted to rush out, but Coudreau seized it by the neck, threw it down, and held it fast, while, with a large stone which his daughter brought him, he beat out its brains. In the struggle Coudreau had his hands torn severely by the animal's teeth. The prefect, on hearing of the affair, sent Coudreau a peciuniary reward, over and above the sum to which he is legally entitled for killing a wolf. 