ON TIIE PAYMENT OF DEBTS. If ye nro honest, honourable men. , Go yo anil— pax the printer. — Anon. My IIeaiieus,— Thero ore many trifles in this world which you are apt to over look on account of their apparent unim portance, the neglect of \yhich has plunged thousands into tho deepest mire of misery, apd sunk their charac ters into iuextricablo degradation. Among these ostensible trifles, that" of neglecting to pay one's honest debts is tho most common, and attendant with the worst of consequences. It takes off all the silken furze from the fine threads of feeling — creates a sort of misanthropic coldness about the heart — skims off all the cream that may chance to rise upon the milk of generosity — and makes man look as savagely upon his brother man as does a dog upon one of his species wlii'e engaged in the gratifying employ ment of eating his muster's dinner. One debt bege's another. I have always observed that he who owes one man a dollar' is sure to owe him also a grudge; and he is always more ready to pay com pound interest on tho latter than on the former. 01f, iiiy friehdsj to ho over head and ears in love is as bifd a pre dicament us a person ought ever to he in ; but to bo so deeply in debt that you can't sleep of nights without being haunted by tho ghost of some insatiate creditor, is enough to give a man the hydrophobia — make liiin bite a wheel barrow — causo it to run mad, and create a general consternation among the lamp posts. My dear friends — the debt that sits heaviest on tho conscience of a mortal — ..provided lie has one — is the debt due the printer. It presses harder upon one's bosom than the nightmare — galls the soul — frets and chafes every enno bling sentiment — squeezes ull the juice of fraternal sympathy from the heart, \- -and leave1:! it drioi1 thau the surface of a roasted potato. A man who wrongs the printer out of a single cent can never expect to enjoy comfort in this world, and lr.xy well have doubts of finding happiness in any other. Ho will be suro to go down to the grave ere time shall have bedecked liis brow with tho silvery hlos-oms of age ; and the green leave.# of Hopo will fall before the first bud of enjoyment has expanded. It is true the mushrooms of poacc may spriug up'during a short night of for- gotfulness, but they will all wither beneath the scorching rays of remorse. How can you, my friends, ever have the wickedness and cruelty to cheat tiie printer,, when you consider how much he has done, and is doing every day for you. Ho has poured iuto the treasuries of your minds soineof the most valuable gifts that anything short of a God cau bestow ; aye, '.riches with which you would not part for tho possession of the whole world and a mortgage ou a small corner of heaven. With the keys of' magic, as it were, he has opened tho irou- cased doors of the human under standing — dispelled the darkness of ignorauoe, aud lit up the lamps of kuowledge and wisdom. That mighty engine — the Press — is surrounded by tho glory, and its effulgence extends all over the broad empire of tho mind, illu minating the darkest avenues of thn heart : and yet the printer— tho man ; who toils at tho lever of this soul- eiilighteuing instrument — is often robbed of his hard-earned bread by those whom ho has delivered from mcDtal bondage, and placed in a paradise to lay off and grow fat upon the fruits of his labours ! Oh, you ungrateful sinnci B ! If you liave hearts moistened with the dews of mercy, instead of gizzards filled with gravel, take heed what I say unto you. It there be one among you in this con gregation whose accouut is not settled with the printer, go and adjust it im mediately, and bo able to hold your head up in society like a giraffe; be respected by the wise and the good — free from the tortures of the guilty con science — tho mortification ot repeated duns — and escape from falling into the clutches of those licensed thieves, the lawyers. If you are honest and honour able men, you will go forthwith and pay the printer. You will not wait for the morrow — because there is no to- morrow it it is but a visionary receptacle for unredeemed promises — an addled' SS in the great nest of the future — the debtor's. hope and tile creditor's ourso. If you are dishonest, low-minded sous of Satan, I don't suppose you will ever pay the printer, as long as you have no reputation to lose— no character to \- sustain — and no morals to cultivate. But, let me tell -you, my friends, that if you don't do it, your paths to the tomb will bo strewn with thorns— you will have to gather your daily food from brambles — your children will die of tho dysentery, and you yourself will never enjoy the blessings of health. I once called on a sick person whom the doctors had given up as a gone case. I asked liiin if he had uiado his peace with his Maker? He said he thought ho had squared. up. I enquired if he had for given all his enemies ? He replied, yes. I asked him if he had made liis peace with his printer? lie hesitated for a moment, aud then said he believed he owed him something like about two dollars and fifty cents, which hc-dosired to have paid before lie bid good-bye to \- "the'world. Ilis'dcsiro was immediately gratified ; and from that moment he be came convalescent. lie is now living in tho enjoyment of health and prospc- rity— at peace with liis own couseieucc, his God, nnd the whole world. Let this lie an example to you, . iny friends. Patronise the printer; take the papers; pay for them in advance; and your duys will bo long upon tlio earth, and overflowing with the honey of hap piness. My hearers ! pay all your debts and keep an honourable reckoning with your follow men ; but, above all, keep paying by instalments that everlasting debt of gratitude' which you owe to Him from whom you oblaiuod capital sufficient to begin the first transaction of life; so that, when you come to balance accounts at the day of general settlement, all things may appear fair and above board. So mote it be I- -From. Sermons fry Doivl jttn. . One of tho western editors speaking of a large and fatcontemporury, remarked that if all flesh was grass, lie must be a load of- hay, — "I suspect I am," said the man, ' from the way tho asses aro nibbling at me." " Sir," said n rather wild gentleman of an acquaintance of ours, " my wife had a fine little boy two 'nights ago, but unfortunately ho died immediately after his birth." — -"I don't wo.nder," said a jovial friend, " that when he came into the world uud saw who his father was, he went immediately out of it." " Mother," said a little three-year- old, whoso nose had been " put out of joint" by the recent arrival of a haliy brother, — " mother, if the baby should die would it go to heaven ? " — " Oer- tuiuly, my, child," responded tho parent. — " Then .1. think heaven is the best pluco for him," was the affectionate sister's conclusion! A down f. aster advertises for a wife iu- the following manner "Anyf gal wbat'3 got a cow, a good feather-bed and fixings, five hundred dollars in hard pewter, .'one that's had the moasies, and understands tondin' children, can have a customer for life by writin' a billy dux, addressed Z 11 , and stick it on Unelc Ebsnezer's barn, hinu side, jinin' the hog-pc-n."- — American Paper. 