CHjc jWagajiness. j The Magazines for December havo, at last, arrived ; aud wc hastened to enjoy our usual feast amid their fresh and pleasant pages. We missed the graver but not less agreeablo Review, however, for it is not tha month for tho arrival of the ' Quarterlies' ; and un fortunately their absenco is not compensated for by any thing that appears in tho other periodicals. Christmas did generally use to infuse somo gonial humor aud BparkUug wit into oven the dullest of the periodical fraternity ; but with afew exceptious the present num bers seem over-shadowed by the dreary influence of the British December. From this charge oven Bulwer's story, ' What will he do with it' does not altogether relieve Old Ebony ; for the presont chapters are, perhaps, tbe least interest ing that have lAtherto appeared. India occupies front rank in the political department of all the Magazines. Blackwood has two Indian papers, ono semi-literary, interesting and very well written, describing ' the Religions of India and the oilier reviewing the ' si tuation' from a political point of view. Tho writer, while admitting that tho rule of the Companyis deserv ng of weighty censure, insista that it would bo a very great mistakotomako anyimmediate relaxation of their Indian code. Firmness, tempered by a reasonable regard for the rights of the native princes — but firm jicjsabovoall — should be the characteristic of our future management. There i3 sound sense in this passage, especially compared with the intemperate language in which other writers upon Indo-British affairs hare re cently indulged The great principle of Indian rule must bo strength. The past reveals it, and tho present confirms it. Strength, open Strength, tho manifest i tions of which cTinll mnltn natont throughout the land that wc ara a dominant and abiding race. This can be shown only i by an absolute 8 way and undivided supremacy. , 'We must bo supreme, solo masters. Tho temporising policy i must be abandoned. Its real vitality has been long exiinct. We can no longer rule under tho musnud. Wu have incurred the guilt of conquest, and now, be ; ? foro God and in the face of man, must boldly assume its responsibilities. Tho shams and puppetries of so vereignty must be swept away, and the real rulors must come forth. We must bury our dead. The annihilation ; of the native states and tho deposition of native princes would doubtless excite the outcry of injustice and wrong. And towards the states and princes who have ; remained faithful, such an act would perhaps bo a sin ; again3t faith and honor, which the direst necessity, much less expediency, would not justify. If, howover, ' policy nnd justice requiro that wo should govern a considerable part of India through tho agency of its native princes and chiefs, it is our duty to employ all our moral infiuenco and physical power to strengtheu, instead of weakening, theso royal instruments of go vernment. If compelled by circumstances to depart from this course, it is wiser to assume and exercise tho immediate sovereignty of tho country, than leave to such mock and degraded instruments any means of avenging themselves on a power who has rendered them the de based tools of it* own misgovernment.' * Wo must tlevato them in their own eyes aud in tho eyes of their people ; we must componsato them for tho loss of splen dor; we must rescue them from deterioration by making them the active agents of a beneficent and powerful rule. 'Afoot' is the title of a quaint, gossippy article one of tho most interesting in the number ; and we cannot refrain from quoting one literary daguerreotype, as a specimen of tho writer's powers Near Belem, with its castle and palaces, stands in a sequestered nook a convent, inhabited by Irish_ nuns. Girls of the old Romish families camo thither to b'e edu cated ; somo stayed and took the vows, some went forth again into the world. It was a houso ol refuge from the Emerald Isle for the unprotected, the devout, and the stricken. The lady abbess had spent tho best part of a life there, as noyiee, sister, and superior. When our own step was springier, and whilst there was yet down on our chin, wc remember her as Sister Theresa. Ro mance had then woven itself around her. She was love-stricken ; so went the story. Her lover had been killed or exiled during the rebellion — had fallen in a duel— fled to America or Australia from duns or debts — or come to some other untimely and Irish end — and she had retired hither to bury a broken heart. We gained admission to tho convent undor the wing of a hakim, our friend, who visited tho sick sisters. If you would bo admitted into the world's penetralia, hang on the skirts of a hakim. His vocation is everywhere an pen sesame. We have sat an honored and feted guest iu a Druse village, under the shadow of a hakim who was dealing out little packages of Epsom salts to all comers, and have smoked our chiboquc in the zenana of a Maronite family, chatting with the fair inmates, whilst he felt the pulse and examined the tongue of every mem Der oi tne nousenoiu. j.t was tnus we aaugnt gampses of Sister Theresa's palo face through the gratings, and therewith imagined we saw grief feeding on her damask cheeks, and detected all the signs of consumption and a broken heart. A little boy, the son of the doctor, had accompanied us, and was left with us in an ante chamber whilst his father had an interview with his patients. In tho wall was a round-about— common in con vents— by . which things might be conveyed from tho room we were in to the next, without personB being Been. We had heard much talking and bustling for some time, when presently the round- about turned, and presented to us plates of sweet cake and a bottle of wine. An idea seized us, and we thereupon acted on it, by seizing our young friend, popping him into the round-about, and giving it a sudden turn. The presenco of this mannikin in the place of empty plntes ' und glasses was greeted at first by tho sisterhood with little shrieks and screams, which were soon succeeded by kisses, caresses, exclamations, pettings, pattings, and chirpings. Long after, our young friend reappeared, very much crushed and tumbled, looking a9 if he had had a severe bout of it — his mouth smeared with sweetmeats of kisses, and his pockets stuffed with dried fruits. After tho lapse of many years we saw Sister— now Mother — Theresa again. She was then a cheery old woman, fond of fun, very fond of snuff, and owning a brogue which might have passed current iu Tipperary. The love story, it seemed, was a fudge— the broken heart had cp.rried itself on to a green old ago. She was then out of canonicals, unrobed and un-abbessed— in mufti, as a wag said— enjoying the country air of a neighboring village. We had many a chat, and she ?used to talk pleasantly of her life and its experiences. There aro the young-old and tha old-young. She was of tho former ; her heart, fresh and hearty, welling with kindly impulses and sympathies. Wo reminded her of the child and the round-about. She laughed and said: 'Ay, sure, girls must be kissing something, if not men— children, or birds, or puppios, or some pets.' She then told us how that many young girls from Lisbon and Ireland came to the convent as scholars i and lay 6ist irs merely, how that these were never I Buffered to be dull or depressed, but had in the evenings their dances, and songs, and plays in tho cloisters and court ; and how she and tho elder sister hood sat (looking at the young forms as they passed like beams or shadows betwixt the arches, and listening to their voices and laughter, rejoicing in the joy of the young hearts, and dreaming of their own youth. As she spoke, wo saw not the wrinkles, the snuff, or the homely garb, and heard not the brogue. The love and charity of the heart had clothed her so with tho beauty . of benignancy, and given to her voice modulations sweeter than the notes of Grisi. There is also a notice of the 'Boscobel' tracts, and a rather skilful review of Harford's 'Michael Angelo but, on tbe whole, Old Ebony's entertainment seems sparse and insipid — of course only by contrast with the intellectual feast with which he is wont to favor us. Bcntlci/s Miscellany, with all its affectation of light, dashing material, does not improve. 'The Millionaire of Mincing Lane' is concluded in the old fashioned comedy and tragedy style — the villain being conveniently 'killed off' by a railway collision — (quite unoriginal incident!) — and tho interesting young hero ine and hero — Claribel and Lord Harry — are happily married. The Indian crisis iB treatod apropos of the Calcutta Petition, the writer's panacea being an appeal to the Tory members of Parliament to ' permit no ' compromise.' There are a few other papers, readable — with a little exertion. Volbum's New Monthly opens with a disappointing article on the ' Land and Village system of India ' whicll the writer either knows little about, or is very chary of imparting his information. Such an interesting subject, if attempted at all, should be treated with clearne33 of view and fulness of information. Dr. Livingstone's 'Travels in South Africa', are more satisfactorily reviewed. In commenting upon Indian affairs, the New Monthly has the courage to put in a plea for lord Canning, on the ground that, after all, tbe honor and' glory of England do not require the indiscriminate massacre of tho Indian tribes. Tho author of ' A Swedish voyage round the world', gives us rather a novel picture of Chinese luxury at Singa. pore, which, although not very edifying, is valuable as illustrating the character of our Celestial friends : — I have mentioned tho flower-ships which mingle with tUn many dwelling? on tho watsr. They are beautiful temples sacred to Venus and to Bacchus, and replete with all that the imagination can conceive to plcnso the sense*. One evening 1 accompanied a small party to this floating town, whioh deservedly bears tho namo of Charming. Had I been suddenly placed amidst one of tho most fantastic and delightful scenes described in the 'Arabian Nights' Entertainments,' I could not have been more agreeab'y surprised. ' Sitting on the deck of our 'sampan,' wo wero carried past whole rows of these flower-boats, which were carved on the outside in the finest wood-work, painted in the gayest colors, and glittering with gilding. Lamps .and fligs wero every where iu profusion, a mass of light, reflected from mirrors, streamed from the interiors, and tho sounds of rti'tsic and laughter greeted tho enr. In tbe dark evening the whole was moro like some scene in fairy land, or some magic illusion, than reality. The next morning, when we beheld by tho light of day what had so enchanted us tho evening before, much of its poetry had vanished ; tho gold looked faded, the colors less bright, tho beauty less ideal— yet mueh remained to admire, therefore wo determined on j another visit that evening, in ordur, if possible, to obtain admission to tho sanctum, a feat, wo wero told, difficult if not dangerous to attempt, on account of the Chineso hatred and jealousy of Europeans. A flower ship is sometimes let for an evening to a single in dividual, or to a party of persons, at a high prico ; they dine and sup on board, and amuso themselves with vncnl and instrumental music, and like dragons guard their ladies from the eyes of Europeans. Contrary to all custom, wc were so fortunate as to make good our entrance into a flower-boat, which was let for the evening to some Chinese. The sanctuary was divided into two saloons — in the inner one, which was sunk lower than the outer, was stationed tho orchestra, consistering of twenty violins, a flute, a lute, a harp, two drums and sevoral other instruments, whoso very names wero unknown to mo. But tho music had no melody iu it j and was not at all to my taste. Magni ficent lamps hung from tho roof in tho outer saloon, and a number of small marble tables wore ranged aloug the sides whilo elegant nhd com modious claims between them. Two wero placed small side rooms were furnished in the same Oriental style. Here sat the gentlemen smoking and sipping tea, surrounded by houris with smooth hair, rouged checks and lips, nnd equipped in very becoming loose drc=ses. One of them was perfectly lovely. Tha person who scorned to be the host reposed, half slumbering, on a chair in the centre of tho room ; on either side of him was one of tho goddosses of tho temple ; before him stood a table covered with fruits and bonbons, and on his hand perched a littlo bird — a lark. Ho sat thus for a long time motionless, con sulting tho little winged oracle as to whioh of the beauties was most devoted to him, and when ho had obtained an answer that satisfied him, the bird was put into a skin bag until his oracular knowledge should be required again. Tho ladies entertained us by singing, but such hor rible sounds my ears had never beforo been punished by listening to. They offered us tea, fruits, and bon bons, accepted, with' courtesy our cigars, and did not seem' at all displeased with tho visit from foreigners. It is astonishing with what ardor the Chinese seek to procure for themselves luxurious enjoyments. They must havo the; most costly furniture, the most expensive dishes, tho most beautiful women— ono is startled at the accounts of tho voluptuous orgies in which they indulge, when tho longth of their purso will permit. -n.au uus ia nu l liiu ll uil ui rauuern. fastidousness, or gradually formed habits of luxury; from time immemorial they have revelled in plea sures compared to which all that we pursue are but child's play. Three fine engravings appear in the Art Journal — 'theJager,' 'Eton from tho Locs' and 'Evening iu Italy' — all from the Royal Collection. The letter press is rather dull, with the exception of the Book of the Thames by Mr and Mrs S, C. Hall. Here Is a little episode by which they vary the descriptive matter : — Many years have passed since we believed wo knew every house, cottage, lodge, and tree, in tho picturetque neighborhood of Old Windsor; indood once, whon in very ill health, we spent three months at a keeper's lodge ; his wife had been the favorite servant of an old friend, and we wero specially recommended to her care because of the air, and quiet, and new milk, and fresh eggs, and the quantity of game (no imputation on the good keeper's honesty). It was thon wo learned all the green paths and brown roads, and dales and dells of this charming locality ; spending hours, day after day, in forest, with no other companions than a sure-footed pony and tho keeper's only child — a particularly Rhy, mild, blue eyed, blushing sort of girl, who looked fit teen, but was quite twenty; who used to cry over ' Paul and Virginia ' at least once a week, and knew by heart every word of ' Turn, gentle hermit of the dale,' and ' Margaret's Ghost ; ' wholovedmoonliglit, bolicvcd in fortune-tellers, and confessed that whenever she tossed a cup she found a true-lover's knot in the bottom. It was therefore evident that the girl hid a lover somewhere ; but, as we had never seen him, wo asked no questions. We had taken several excursions together, and we fancied we '.had made considerable progress in all kinds of forestry; could tell the different sorts of bird's-nests at a glance ; could find a haro's form, and could- track a rabbit ; could tell how the wind blew, and where the deor lay ; and knew nany lonely roads and winding paths where that enemy of tranquillity, 'tho public, had never been. One evening, returning from a delicious ramble, our fair guide turned into a cover so close that wo almost laid down on thejj pony's neek to avoid contact with boughs and brambles ; and when that peril was past, we found ourselves on a long strip of upland which scretehed away for a considerable distance. This nar row elevation, had it been near the castle, or any other dwelling would have formed a terrace, sloping as it did on each side into the wildest underwood, running on boldly and unsheltered, save at its abrupt termination, whore, in far back times, two trees had been planted designed perhaps to form what their iuterlaeing boughs really had formed — a naturcl arch. Through this there was a bird's-eye peep at the Thame.0 ; there lay, like a vast mirror, tho calm silent river, blending its magic light to the landscape, touched here and there hy the rose- colorcd and saffron tints of the setting sun : iudeed the eun had set, but . the tender, farewell colors still lingered on the clouds, and were reflected by the faithful, river. The scene was so unexpected, and so fascinating, that wc drew up with an exclamation of delight, much to the pony's contentment, who immediately began to crop the grass. After a sufficient pause, so rapidly were the tints fading that, as wc rode slowly along the ridge towards the trees, the river, in the deepening twilight, assumed a very soft, grey, lake like effect — it was the perfection of repose. We asked our fair guide (whose bustling, trifty mother had given her the out-of-the-way name of Rizpah) ifthis elevation was supposed to he natural or artificial, and she informed us that some said it was thrown up in old times in a single night, so that one of the ancient queens could sit there on her palfrey to see a battle. This was not satisfactory, but our guide had no more to tell. Rizpah, however, deficient as she was in historic information touching the pathway, became quite oloquent in its praise; she thought it the prettiest spot in park or forest the river shono so bright between the trees. Did we not observe how beautifully tho ferns waved at either side ? — they were so large : and in tho little valley beyond the trees, just down the slope, there wero so many orchids ; and at the other side of tho wood-eutter's hut (yes, that distant brown ridge was a wood-cutter's hut) . there wero suoh lovoly beds of iris, and such reeds ! Should she go and gather some f the pony could not well go along in the hollow— the felled timber lay here, and there, and everywhere: but she could run over them — it was so pleasant to spring from one log to another 1 But the blackbird was whistling his evening hymn, the bees and butterflies had folded themselves up (for the night, and the 'whang' of the cockchafer, and peculiar cry of tho owl — not the 'hoot- tu-who !' but the waking, cry, a struggle in his throat, trying his voice, as it were, beforo ho commences his fearful shout — warned us that the night would fall beforo we arrived at the lodge if wo tarried longer ; and so wo told Rizpah very decidedly — for she always tried to have her own way — that wo would come another time— the dew was falling, und we dared not linger. The girl looked disappointed, and ' we turned our pony (nothing loth) homeward ; suddenly a clear sharp cry — the nearest attempt a woman makes at a shout — broke upon our ear, and in less than a minute it was answered. We looked for Rizpah, and saw her running towards us from beneath the long shadows of the archcd trees. 'What cry was that?' ?'It was I,' replied the panting Rizpah, as she laid her hand on tho pony's neck, and seemed intent on picking her steps, though the path was board and clear, a rich carpet of short grass and moss; ' It was I; and did you not hear the echo!' 'Echo!' we repeated; 'we heard an answering shout, but no echo.' 'It is a curious echo,' persisted Rizpah; 'wo havo many curious sounds in these purjts .and forests,' Now we had been fully convinced that Rizpah was practising upon our credulity, and were half amused and half provoked at tbe coolness and self-possession of the shy, innocent- looking forest girl, but we simply repeated, 'Very curious indeed; was the echo thero when the queen state on her palfrey to see the battle of the Thames?' Itizpab replied, witn ner usual mixture of coolness and innocence, 'She did not know.' Rizpah's mother was a stout, rosy dame, simple minded and straightforward— bright, cheerful, good natured, and somewhat noisy : but though her voice was loud, it was not unmusical or inharmonious, and thero was a tenderness in its tone when she spoke to the sick or the old, or the little children who sometimes found their way to her door, that was quite pleasant to hear. Her husband was like all other 'keepers'— a tall, broad-Bhouldered man ; we never saw him out of his dun-colored leather leggins, or without his gun, and hardly ever heard his voice. She patted and petted him and her daughter, and patronised them in an easy, good-natured way, as if they wero both little ones. Sho extended this care-taking to ourselves; and thus saved ui all trouble in our domestic arrangements, while evidently increasing her own happinttti, A great poulan of that happlntn depended cb her fitlog considered a 'clever woman ;' she was proud of that, proud of being clover and clear sighted. On our return, wo wero reproved for being out so late, and Rizpah was rather sharply questioned as to the cause. Wo had just commenced tellincr tho good damo about the echo', when Rizpah, who was preparing tea, poured, as if accidentally, a littlo of the boiling water out of the teakettle ou her mother's favorite cat — a cut, by tho way, who was chained every evening at six o'clock to the fender, to provont its poaching. Tho scolding and commiseration which followed interrupted tho story. The cottage was a perfect bower of ivy, and clematis, and roses, aud woodbine : along the south wall each climber Boomed to flourish ovor its own particular territory, but at the gable end, where our rooms were situated, all mingled together ; whiis tho caves were tenanted by birds which even the cat did not seem inclined to disturb. 'If you please,' said Rizpah, whilo removing the tea-tray, '? there ii no uso in telling mother about the echo ; she never' believes in it, or in anything — not even in Heme the Hunter, or the fairy bridges at full moon over tho Thames. Father and 1 never tell her anything of that sort.' 'But sho could test the echo.' ' It's too far for mother to walk, aud the pony would not bo able to carry her .- so, if vou please. It't bettor to say nothing about it. Sho would begiu to fancy things.' ' What things, Rizpah?' 'Oh, I don't know,' replied the girl, blushing; ' mother has a very activo mind : I would rather you said nothing abmit it.' And she raised her soft liquid blue eyes to ours with such an appealing look, that wo said quietly, 'Very well,' and commenced reading. Inabout an hour we heard a soft, low whistle, a littlo to the right ; it was repeated twico. We opened our door, and passed along a passage, entered tho kitchcn ? thoro stood Rizpah, looking dccidcdly sulky, with ex! tended hands, holding a very thick skein of worsted, which her mother was slowly winding, talking all the timo in an unmistakeable lecturing voice. ' I fear,' I said, 'there aro poachers about; I have heard a whistle repeated three times.' ' It's only tho wind in tho woodbine,' said Rizpah, quickly ; and whilo sho spoko the clock struck nine. ' It's too early for poachers,' said the dame, 'and the moon is at full ; they know better than to be about at this hour, or at full moon.' ' It was not the wind in tho woodbine, Rizpah, wo replied, ' nor ic the ivy either— suiely wo must know the whistle of a man from tho whistle of the wind besides, thero is not sufficient air afloat to move the petal of a rose.' At that moment an ill- favored, snub-nosed, rough coatrd, faithful, ugly dog— one of those miracles of canine sagacity, and bad temper to bo depended on only ia momouts of difficulty and danger— stood suddenly up on his hind legs, aud placing his stubbed, vulgar paws on tho ledge of the window, pricked his ears, hired his tocth (Rizpah used to call it- laughing), whined, nnd wagged a nothing of a stump, which courtesy might designate a tail, most vigorously. 'Down, Dicken! down, sir!' exclaimed Rizpah, stamping her foot. 'Oh ! oh ! ' said tho damo, throwing her ball on tho floor, ' is that the wind in the woodbino? Soh! There's but one human creature besiue your father and us two that Dickeu laughs at! ' Tho damo threw up tlio window, and there was a rustling among tho branches; but Rizpah held the struggling Dickeu in hor arms. ' Its cither father, or the white owl in the ivy,' falrerod Rizpah, still restraining the dog. ' Father, or tho white owl in the ivy 1 ' repeated the dame, in her loudest and most contemptucs tone ; 'why, you jade, you kuow father's always a-bed and asleep, on moonlight nights, until eleven. The owl in tho ivy, indoed ! why he was found doad this morning.' In a moment sho had seized one of the guns, which always lay in a corner of tho kitchcn, and prosented it at tho darkness. Rizpah fell on her knees screaming, and Dicken sprang out of tho window. 'What's to do here? ' inquired the keeper's gruff, determined voice from tho outsido, and we saw him dimly under tho shadow of tho projecting roof; 'put down the gun, mother, and open the . door ; it's quite time to put a stop to this hide-and-seek fjolcry.' Rizpah, trembling and blushing, rose from her knees it was not so dark but she saw that her father had taken a prisoner. 'Oh, mother! mother!' Bho exclaimed, 'father knew he was come back— aud oh, mother ! mother ! And ' Ah, Rispah ! Rizpah ! was that tho echo from tho Thames ? Is that great siz-foot-ono young man tho ?wind in tho woodbine ? ' Is the individual you call ' Paul ' the ' owl iu the ivy ? ' Sly, sly, quiet little blushing Rizpah ! forshame!' Tho next morning it was the dame who looked sulky, and instead of patting and petting Rizpah, it was Rizpah who petted and patted the damo. There might nave Doen --lamiiy reasons, wnicn diu not concern us, but it was evident that the usually self-contained gamekeeper had determined Paul should marry Rizpah: and that Rizpah offered no opposition. Tho dame was either tired out, or won over — perhaps a littlo of both: at all event, we lost our forest guide, but not before wo knew tho forest well. Wo need scarcely say what constitutes tho staple of tho United Service. Tho present seems to be an excel lent number of its kind ; and during tho present oxcite ment concerning India, its pages are likely to bo con sulted with more than usual avidity. Wo have to acknowledge the rccept of our usual bundle of the December periodicals from our enter rising fellow-citizen, Mr Robertson, Collins street, ast. 