NEMESIS AGAIN; OR A LITTLE TALE FOR THE INHABITANTS OF SLUDGE. HURST. At the close of a sultry afternoon in the month of January, three men were seen wending their solitary way down the Murray road, and slowly and thoughtfully approaching that bed of liquid lava, from which our goodly city derives its name. Their gait and demeanour betoken that they arc beni upon a momentous expedition. The tallest and fairest - but no ! we forget that we cannot extend our narrative to the limits of the conven- tional three volumes which the prolific G. P. R. James showers upon us in such wondrous profu sion. Wo must confinc ourselves to the hero of this narrative : dapper and sprucc is he, and re dolent of west end polish. His garb is unexcep tionable ; peg-tops are his pantaloons, and spotless his ami>in and unruffled collar, while snow- white buckskin bottines encase his nether extremities. Hickinbotham is his name. He whom a paternal Government has chosen to report on the imminent peril hanging over Sludgehurst, and to devise some artful and cunning scheme whereby our all-but doomed town may hope to avert the fate of the Vesuvian cities. They have dubbed him Inspector General of Roads, And lo, he is amongst us ; his trunks well lined with quires of foolscap and grey goose quills, enough to satisfy the red-tape- iest member of the Board of Circumlocution Fortune, however, once more smilce on Sludge hurst ! The guardian angel of our town : the same who eke induced out vigilant Road Engi- neer to test the tenacity of KangarooFlat sludge — whispers in his ear the tempting idea of trying the bearing capabilities of the crusty but treacherous element which oozes so placidly from its former bed. The happy thought is no sooner conceived than quickly executed. The great inspector ad- vances boldly, and full of faith strides proudly o'er the sludge. Why this shriek and sudden rush ? He sinks—and like Hamlet's ghost, or better still, the Master of Ravenswood, when checked in his career of vengeance, sinks lower and lower. Stalwart miners and plodding puddlers to the res- cue ! They quickly surround him, and extricate the adventurous stranger from his impending fate. Where are his friends ? Old chum-like they laugh at his mishap, whilst horney-handed sons of toil kindly scrape off the slime from his once prim at- tire. His boots no longer make Sludgehurst dan dies pale with envy. Gone is the glory of his pey- top pants,—disordered his dress. The above account of an accident which befell Mr. Hickinbotham last week was communicated to us by a literary puddler residing near the Aus- tralian Hotel. All we can say on the matter is, that we have every hope of a speedy relief from the sludge nuisance, which has bespattered a Dis trict Road Engineer, and nearly smothered a live Inspector-General. Tub Mauritius.—By lato advices from the Mauritius we learn that a grand banquet had been given to the officers and crow of tho Sarah Sands, for the meritorious conduct exhibited by them dur ing tho fire which broke out on board the vessel, on the 11th of November. 