LONDON SOCIETY FOR PROMO- TING CHRISTIANITY AMONGST THE JEWS, JUBILEE MEETING. IiAST EVENING. The meeting, which was adjnurnod from last Thursday evening, toukpltceat. ihe Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, Melville street. The chair was taken bj Major Cotton, Inspector of Schools, and the proceeti-igs commenced Bhortly bef re half-past sef' n o'clock. Among he audi-nee were ministers of the sereral denominations The Key H. Dowling (Baptist Minister) opened ihe proceedings h\ piayer. The Chairman stated the objects of the meeting, and called upon the Kev. Mr ^tackhouse to explain the nnture of the Society's operations He expreased his satisfaction at the prestnee of eci many ministers of religion ; and he releired to the dilficulues the Society bad had to encounter, and ihc opposition ol many christians to the desitn and work of tniR Institutio.i. He enforced the duty iucum ent upon the n all to assist in the work, nud quoted a pavsa .e of •Scripture iu i.-u'i, bearing on the duty and privilege of Chrisiian-, ijijom in the work. The Her Mr Siackhniise then rose to bring befoiethem the objects of the Society ; which he preticed by so ne observations on the union uf th« effirt and sympathy in the mecti g which coii^fsted of peisons of every ehti-tian denomination Thereveieml gentleman then read from a document printe 1 at the Operative Jewii-h Convert's Insij'ution, an account or tue ,ibe ol the Society in the Autumn of 18u8 under the auspicea nl an individual, which, however, was not fully or^uniz<.oi until February iS09 The nntne of the Kcv. Leg)! llkhitontl was h >noratj!y mentioned in onneeii n with the early histoiy ot the Socie;y; reference was also made to the erection ot the Jewish Institution, I'alestine I'.ace, Ucthnal Green ; the tunica of prominent supporters, the munificent donation ot £10.«00 lu tho funds; the con soliii»lion ot the S ;ei,-ty under the aui-piccs of the Church of Kngland. Mention n>„s „l<o made of the numerous lurt-ign missions in liurops. Asia, Africa, &c;, thirty th ee i i all; the Hume Missions in . ondon, DrUtol, Manchester uttd other places. Facta wete stated to show the results, among which naa that of sixty Jews having been untamed as Chtittian Mimticts. The rev. gentleman also read one ol the addrest-es pro.-ented to the Committee of the Society ou occasion of the Jubilee, being from ihe Cliri-i an converts a'. Smjtiffl, and the leading of the document was concluded amid considerable applause. iley J. Dounes, Secretory to the Tasmunian liranch of the Satiety lor ihe Conversion of ihe Jens, rose to move the lirst resolution expressive uf United Thanksgiving to tied lor the blessing vouchB .fed to the Society lor the fiftj years of tho S .ciety'e existence These words were Jubilee notes, but Oiekev note was the word thank-giving. The benctactJi Wds not 'lie agents, not the contriouiois, but ibe one find of Heaven oud Uarth, the Gracious Son and the Holy Ghost, the one only living and iru» Uod, the Got of the Ijeuule and the Jew. Everliving all sufficient conversant keeping Goa. The beuelictares yyre the founders, the agents arid all who bad befriended the cause, and all who had been befriended by it. It was a common cause, and demanded a common thanksgiving. Tt.e Vilfs- itig wos very comprehensive, embracing the punui-e, an I the tulBlmcot, tho re-uhs adverted to in the report, ami all the tenefi's wrought for the lilty years, which were c. lebrateo at tins its jubilee, Iu ls!7 we had a Juuilee of the Kelormaiio-, and various other Jubilees since. Truly our lot is cast in pleasant places! And ull this riqur-H a thank- i - in.;, a united t la .ksgiving, Th - lev sp, ak.t expa ia ed on ine «or . • u.oi. ail I it-te.ica t.» the union illustrated a r fhis meeting, a representation ot a united Ootiy met lur the pu poie of thanks,ivinir. I'lw idea ot jubilee suggested joy and gratitude; joy In uoa 0'ir saviour, l'oe eninprise was not a imiliiy, a failure, or to use a low wo d which had been used, a " huinbug ;" lie would i ot •illow it to be sail in the face of the statements thej had heard as to the n mher uf conversions an 1 the number of Jewish Ministers. He had no faith in lh: words ot those who said the Jev, the Moslem, &c;, could not beconverteo b\ t>ie Grace of God They needed converting grace. Chiistianity was made for man. He vene'ated that dear old people; he thanked them fur their scriptures, and he thanked the'n that a Jew was his Saviour; he pitied them for their sins and their BOIMWS. Their 6in hud been the rej i ction of the uuc Messiah. A bright day, however, wis coming, Israel shall be converted ; and what a gloiiouB day tha ahal be; there can be no Messiah now, no temple, and no Bethli-hew ; but cume the happy uay; it will Bhortly come; let ihetn with joy unite gratitude, and then they would have a blessed Jubilee- The rev gentleman concluded by a poetical recitation, amid much applause. The Rev. F. Miller (Congregational minister) seconded the resolution, mid referred to his early recollections of the Society's operations, the Rev Lewis Way, the Institution in Palestine Place, lie v. ttasil W ootid, He v. C, Simeon, and mor* particularly the Rev. Mr. Hawtret, minister uf the Jewish ehapel. which he {.tir Miller) ha t attended in hia youth wiib his mother, whuse death had been o>mmumc*ted to him just »heu be reofived the nme of invitation to attend Hie meeting, at which chap 1 lie had t.st down io the Lord'* Table with hia baktvod mother. Mr. Miller fiitudinjt to the Slahop of Jeru-1 salem, Dr. Alexander, said he Heard bl ,i I peach his Bret sermon and hal heard him! 'elate that his attend in was fl st directed to the subject ofchii tiuii yat a meeting -of ihe J,on1on 8 ^siety for promoting chiisiia»i>> amongst the Jews. His C st sermon being from ihe words '* I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ it lathe power of God to salvation to every one that believed: to the Jew fiist, " Sc. Mr Miller further mentioned Dr Woolff, Mr Saul, and others, eminent iu connection with the work. He was confident that this was the work of Gnd and commended it to him in the assurance that that work being his, should prosper (cheers) The resol ition was put and passed Rev. R. Modem, M A,, (of the Church of Scotland) moved a resolution expressive of sympathy with the mission jnd the necessity , of prayer for success. Earnest prayer must; be the result of faith and would be presented in behalf of all christian'societies ia accordance with the sentiment Thy kingdom come!" The prayer was that true faith might be bestowed upon tho managing commit ee o( the society and if they brieve in the scripture; they must believe in ihe promise that the Jews should " be brought in with thefuinens f the Gentiles." They were also to prayer that the Society might be endued with lore to the descendant's of God's ancient people. Christians were beginning to_ sympathise with the J<-ws and »o offer their nravers for the conversion of the Jews. If the inwrought prayer of our righteous man availeth much, how much more will the effectual fervent, the inwrought earnest ptayerot h mdtele of righ eous men and hundreds of churches! The promise w»s that they should he eon. verted, and be brought to their own land : they had ample encouragement to pray for ihis result Mr. M'Clean re'erred to an anecdote he read of a Jew who was once converging' with the late Mr. Thorpe of Bristol, who said water could not soften, nor could fire melt the heart or stone, the heart of a Jew; hut they knew from Scripture that if man could not change the heart, God could do it, and be would do it, in fulfilment of his promise There was every encouragement from (he word of God that success should attend the pleaching of the Gospel to the Jews. In conclusion, Mr. M'Clean expressed his best wishes for the progress of the muse. (Cheers )' Tirv. Mr Cope{Wesleyan) hrieflvspconded Rev. Mr. Dowline (Baptist Mini-ter) in relerence to Mr Miller's remarks, said he liked to refer to hia young days, and he facetiously mentioned the fact that Mr. Miller (a Gentile sinner) in going to the ta*>le of the h ird, when he was taken to 'he Jewish Chapel by his" mother, was, at any rate, not h 'non-conformist • He mentioned in the course of his speecli, the Rev. M' Cnoper, nf Dublin, who used to preach itt 7A >n Chapel, in behalf of the Jews; and, als", several Ministers who were Jewish converts He drew a distinction between conversion and p'oselytism ;• jt was easy to turn front one thing to another, but the Grace of God alone could convert the heart, through t e instrumentality ot the Gospel j and that was the o'jcot of this Society, which WSR not a Proselytising one, Mr. Dowling supported the resolution amid; cheers. The resolution was put and ps«sed. Rev Mr. Mackintosh moved the next r"S' lotion asserting ihe principle thnt it was the duty of Christiana to exert themselves to promote the conversion of the Jews. The rev cent! man referred to the operati >ns of the Society, whirh was a grent -oeietr j and lie enforced the prin-iple enunciate 1 in the resolution. The Jews had cl»ims as thn=e through whom the Scriptures had been banded down to the Church hecnU6e thev were th* 1 opponen's of the Messish,' bpestisft thev wer 1 the children of the promise, and became of the pist fruits chriili-tii eff»rr tu the hptialf nf thfa peiple Vie eaMeil upon the meeting t"» assist the object nf the "oeie v by libe'Blity prayer and faith, an1 Bnon w uild t^e event take place for which the Church was W'iting, the rePtora'ioi nf (tor]a-icient P'-ople. The Reverend Mr. Staekhouse seconded. nnd in reference to some rem.vrlts of Mr Dowling that Mr. St&ekhonse; should have pretch'd in some Church on a week dav to afford an opportunity to the friends generally to worship with him, said it was not exnctlv his fault ami lie stated the reason, the principal point of which was hat the .levvish cause was not alw&y-; popular with Christian people The rev. gentleman pre - sed upon the meeting the duty ot S6-i-ting in this, ibe most important missionary work. As to the Tasmanian Auxiliary it began in a small way. but had grown by the blessing of Go J, so that, a.^eording to the printed report, the Isst years receipts amounted to JJ196 14s 8d, the previous rffnTs irg £14R0 18s, making a total of £1682 12, Rd, He statod that the loeol report had been sent home in manuscript, nnd had bee • printed at 'he flpera ive Jewish Conve-ts' Institute in Palestine Place. In conclusion he intimated thst a collection would be made at the doors. Rev. Mr. Dowling remark"'! iliat Mr, PtacUhouse nee t be under no di'Vieulty as to preaching in a Church, for the next time he came to town he might ''fil iate in the Mechanics' Hall, and he had precedent for it Rev, M». Miller stated that the first od? voeacy in favr.r of t' is society wss many years ago in Brisbane Street. The resolution was put any pa' sad. After a few remarks by the Chairman, the proceedings were closed by prayer, and the meeting which was numerously attended, broke up. 