NEMESIS AGAIN ; OR A LITTLE TALE FOR THE INHABITANTS OF SLUDGEHURST. The Bendigo Advertiser has the following : — At the close of a sultry afternoon in the month of January, threo men were seen wending their solitary way down tho Murray road, and slowly and thought fully approaching that bed of liquid lava, from which our goodly city derives its name. Their gait and do nwinor betoken that they are bent upon a momentous expedition. The tallest and fairest ? but no ? we forget that wo cannot extend our narrative to tho limits of tho conventional tiireo volumes which tho prolific G. P. R. James showers upon us iu such won drous profusion. We must confine ourselves to the hero of this narrative : dapper andspruce is he, and re dolout of west end polish. His garb is unexception able: peg-tops are his pantaloons, and spotless his canine and unruffled collar, while snow-whito buckskin bottines encase his nether extremities. Hickinbotham is his name. Ho whom a paternal Government has choaon to report on the imminent peril hanging'ovor Sludgohurst, and to devise somo artful and cunning Bchomo whereby our ail-but doomed town inav liopo to avert tho fato of the Vesuvian cities. They have dubbed him Inspector-General of Roads. Antl lo. he is amongst us ; hia trunks well lined lvithquircuof foolscap and grey gooso quills, enough to satisfy the rodtape iest member of tho Board of Circumlocution. Fortuuo, howevor, once more smiles on Sludgehurat! The guardian angel of our town — tho same who eke in duced our vigilant Road Engineer lo test tho tenacity of Kangaroo Flat sludge — whispers in hix ear tho the tempting idea of trying tho boaring capabilities of tho crusty but treacherous element ?which, oozes so placidly from its former bed. The happy thought is no sooner conceived than quickly executed. The great inspector advances boldly and full of faith strides proudly o'er Ui3 sludge. Why this shriok and sudden rush ? He sinks — and liko Hamlet's ghost, or better still, the Master of Ravenswood, when checked in his career of vengeance, sinks lower and lower. Stalwart miners and plodding puddlors to tlie rescue ; They quickly surround him, and extricate the adven turous stranger from his impending fate. AVhere ara his friends ? Old chum-like they laugh n,t his mis'inp, Whilst hornoy-handed sons of toil kindly scrapo off: tho slimo from his once prim attire. His boots no longer mako Sludgehurfit dandies palo with envy. Gone is the glory of his peg-top pants. — disordered his dress. The above account of an accident which befell Mr Hickiubotham last week, was communicated to us by a literary puddler residing near tho Australian Hotel. All wo can say on the matter is, that wo have every hope of a speedy relief from the sludge nuisance, which has bespattered a District Road Engineer, and nearly smothered a live Inspector-General. 