KEV1EVF. (' From the Athenon).') Tlie flint and hit Siviour. By the Be*. G. H, Spuvgean. (J. 8. Virtue.) Xeir J'cil-etrset Pulpit. Oy toe Rev. C E. t-pui{eon. (Paul.) For lie Ust sis lU'inths ar.iry little bonk ^ellei'twiiirloir has bnan Ihfoiitad by « wicked print. *hleb wiught tlie publii! o.fe cinder the litlu jf ' biiumone and 'L'rawila*' It adrer tiud a ptir -f fauiilUr f«con— twin types of rulip ma art— the favourite thwilogian'sot tlio inotrop.il!-. Treacle wa4 bUnd, pollUcid, ('mo upon the surface. A dew, not ot Her man, but of the Joukey Club, was upon htm, end dirltissqd iuclffrom his reverend hair in radiaut vapour down to the sweet licllcx Hint bung ew upon the skirt' of his iiiSomjwrable secular garments. Hn was matchless In points, ? nd Mans, und hypothetic situations. Ele gant and full of soul was the cringe of hia back, suhlimo the sweep of his sleeve, the droop of his voice. Not so Brhmtone. Him Truefll never tin nolntad ; his order Btultz. would have declined to take, ao loud he appeared, to steaturian, so clemly a theological jowler and hark away. A Baptist apparently, whose meat Was nut IociuU and wild honey, but rathnr it might be Cam bridgeshire pork and pot hertu. Certainly there wat a sort of eup almut his waialookl, — a domestic style and clip aliout his hair, whioh was btack and undUdUi,— a good deal of muscle (ihout his necK; his eye waB coirtiunr cUI, and his forefinger inquisitivetv raised as ifctDvasding for vocant tlmological buuDeu. Generally the face di»play -d a vast * acreage ofchijek,' and an unusual chumo ,-f inmitli, as if tho vocation of the owner wore chronic vn oifuratinn Otherwise the features were not noticeable. Tli-y might luve belon^od to an uninspired poilbjy, to a prufHiio auctioueer, to Sum ({ait ' called' to Ihe pulpit, to a tuslio bellman, to thn ftmiitar nf an omnilma cor responi.'nue odlen, nr tn the pr.iprleio --- a Mruut loli;«co|tii inJtcaiiiig Japiter as ' only » penny.' Tli» figure w«i uiei vjchero served up. S'jiiietinio.4 it viwif'TDtud nlotia, mine times it appeared an the lii'.aJ of » vocifeniiiDg firm, and renlett - tenijwrny abode wllU other portraits less (Uttered than iUclf. Now it waved otf a limid, lauk-liaired novice in Hade, — now it frowned upon a rich aw1 suc cessful veteran, It w-.s never out of season In Hiilborn it compiled (or notice with the Prime SJinintcr, — in the Strand it disputed tha window with a ten-ji-!r.iiiae orator— iu the Nfff R )»d, it fough' with ti- inAltn goner*!— in the Uiw, it jos led Dr. Livingstone, — Bear Lincoln's lim Fieldi H winked lo a quack doctor, —only in Pall Mill it drew the line at lail, and iwvc-r — no novur— luler upled the nmspect of a (lixhnp. In the City Iliad, in the by-streets alinut Fdistiury and llacUui'V, tnd the cold harlvus nr Csmheiwcll, ft had : »hvsy« the ivindcw- coigtie of vantage, und wutheon') proialuut pistorial fushtoa. Heligions have Iicbii— and me — a fushian among us, and as they hnv- begnn to make literary appeals, litoraiy UHmtials have be come bound to take some nnlieo of their exist- - onco and pretensions. Likn »ld Uoino, Loudon hw tttemed with mi«iinnMi»«, itf all hues and j extractions, from tho pig-tniled disciples of Tae-ping-wang to the Imarded adherents of Joe Smith. At the Adelaide Gillerv there has lieTi Elder lVatt, iVe-li ironi Utah, depicting tile delights of Mornionlsui as first rats. At tho Uanover Squiro Kiouis a pair of angels from ihe Agapemoui have aunounced to the gene ? neral world tha lilllu known fact of the re dascent of lire H ity Ghost ia the prosanoo of ' .lulin Priuco ' of that ilk/ Secularism still liolda a feast of reason, admission inexpensive, i iu the purlieus of Fuzroy Square, from Mount Carine). nlhcrwise called StoaUguo Street, a new Elijah receives revelation!, ap parently through tho skylight, magniluquenUy ' uttered in ihe French Unguige. Al «11 huuu I a sumptuous bli.ivv of liisliups, prophutn, evan gelists, inv3t(c»Uy pacing about in a huse of vir.iet and 1-C4 may be admired in Gordon': 8qu ire. A coimninitteo for religious prngresi j meet in Kmsburv Circus, whore a present there appears to be au upaniog. On either ! side the 1'mk, «weet Dells chime aud oi-clesian. ' tical doorkm-pers, hands duly crmmd with silver, readily induel well dressed visitors , Into e_s»y seats, wlienoe real cardinah and ', splendid prieslfi may be seen lo advantage, or ideal and melancholy reformatory sort of, niinos dnvoullv watched. | Tho moit prominent figure arrtonjr these mls3ion»ries ia i gsntieinan — wlio has been too familiarly, if not profanely, denisnated Brimstone, but whose proper little «nd distinc tion is Mr, C. li. Spuigeou. This figum Is worth a moment's siudy ; and the ciroum- ] malices of which it is 'ho type and illustration] are such as might make the win man pauea , and the proud man huuilila. Mr. E|iurg6.«i it not a man of Icltern. At an early age he , Was sent to an agricultural eoltege, where he ? appears to have !-ecu forced into early agrieul lural syntax, and sprouted into *ji uglier, or generally unlearned assistant At Nexrwtrktt and Cambridge. The sont of mathematics Inspired him with a desire not t6 learn, but to preach. Wiiy should he not ? liici-e Jnremy Taylor had grown lu immurtulily— lloburt Uall to a iKituchold word— through preach ing. If Afr. S.'iii'gunii had not the »weut i tongua of gnMeu-iiMiitli Ji-remy, or the ornnto I vucalismofthu gond Nonmmtormirt, ho tud ? a larger mouih and m«. o powerful lunir*. He ' might liu a (.imiding l«--w, if uot a tinkling I cymbal. Iiuiiioikj him then iu ilia pool— dvess him and ttluci him from an inilcpmJenl Into a B»pti»t— thnsw away his schnol b.-wks, never mind his granunir— teach him to »uud at ease— give him bin own hymn- honk.— inspire him with the gill of fluwicy— uke him from a ' bottomless ehair w'licli 'afforded «u- i easy rest,' and rmse him above the heads of ao opaque throng of villagers— and you ob tain—yes, wiwl do you obtain? ' Taluut or inipudimce 7' was the question put lo a Din tenting pioiebw who finit hoard the modern Whitfield, Impudence was the percmptnrv answer. Talent, sir, wondeilul talent, in slid lo linvo been ?). auuit cmuuercial man's dic tum ; great spiritual tnlenl, sir. He shall hava New Part Streoi Chapel ; ho shall be well advortiaod, nud Jraw tho toivn.' Suoh is a popular account of the j-oung Timothy's io troduction lo London. Tlio story may or not bo truo. Quito truo it in Ibiil lie has received a call, cominercial or otherwise, to New Park Street, — ftioreover, thoro can be little doulit that ho has been well advertised,— and also that he line drawn aud cunlinu.es to draw the town. Tlicro is a Spurgeon literature which il vended liy direct Sptirgson autlio rity, and under a genuine Spurgeon signature, only at cettsln accredited sh.-p»,— there are Spurgeon tickets to enable a reprobfcte world comfortably to hear itself consigned to per dition, with tho fleet gentleman's signature to be had al Aiffurent and very accommodating prices,/— lhwe arc Spurgeon prayers that {nor sinners srt pormitteti to boy cheaply,— there is Sptirfrocmlc tplrltnal bread, a kind of dipped street ltuvaknia that undipped Christians »&y; digeBt,— tbeie is a Spurgooa tlaiatiae with 6purgeon tixta and euihloms, according U- whicil our ?yearly pilgrimage through Bit VbU of liat« in kcenratety apportioned an& divided intojeasy (ntervab— there aresiitpenny diamond Lives, and Spurgeon Itymn-booka «nd booic« «f meditation, all nilh etoeUent partraits of'Mr. Spurgeon,— and next week there wiU W« monster Bpurgeott Bmmt, where everything that the reprobate world c»n want may hs bought, and will be void for the bouefil of that g«ntinii»u. A remarkalilo tliougli ojikfloivo American poet, Mr. Walter Wbitman, ? ouo -if tlix roughe, a Kniiios,' ha* told us what be can do: — I celebrate nyseif and irJjat I MJitae you alinU I loaf nod lean at my oase, aa-l otter my birbiric yoolt over lU« roofa of maukind. The line* might nUnd for Mr Spurgam's motto, Vet thin gentleman has perhaps some excuse —and 'he ptilihV some explanation 'f his me cess - in tlm rfeclitia «iinjiih'»i us -il scuind, liD-,f%r, siiiJ eflW-ll»o [ndai'hlns :— a fact (0 wh!.-ii Hi.- uiM'iitjd (?,'.hij~i ineii nrr.ll oor eliui'uh.'- 'ii'i'il.l ji'i' r'«;*'l. liviiry nno haB a piuity ii'MiiHtriilei -if h mode' ii pulpit, and every mm .i puvty 'tccuraie uxp^rience ol a genuine orlhodiiK ttcnuon. The oecupantof the Hist, if lie be old, generally conn* tl miing up to tlie brim liku an «ppte in a watMil-buwl, purple 'ltd hot nnd unWfeldv If he lie young lie treadx pal« «i»l eiild and uworloiii, IlKo ona Whr- has to sMieh for his thoughts m has lost hiii dmjier plare. Othem nllure by the majesty ofttiuir robes, by the dignity or Uieir Bleaves, by the shostlinfss of their handk.ircliiefs, by the purily ot tlieir bauds, by the unecvihly glow nf Uii-ir veivnt serm n cases. But where are ihe inspired mon. 'he sons of real, nut of 'battered' thundor? — where the tmmpet tmigurd ortt'!*, -ei vem urhdaop-wrought «nd weil-thftught tiuth. hoi freigiit.'d with the spoils of»h»m, or»taK or niuiiy. secunil bund elu quenuef— where are to he found GngliBh LiUllitirs, orUassillnns.nrLacordiftres or^out s, or Dhjiinlngs, or ChalmetV, of Hubert Ualls, or Wcsl'5's, or Whltflelds? Are they all fiono from amoiiKStiw forever? So'in -n»l— (I'e very term ha» passad into a*by-woid and superUtivt. for whatuver is stupid and tudioun Thu t«m licratura acquired by lh« Mood while «ct--'l up -n by a mudern ntliKlix aeriiiul), Dr. Davy, liy itn 'iiixeu;nu« tbi-ini-mieior winch he in veuu-d. found, to lie the Inwmi yet aUainalilo. 'loonies I' cbui.-h,' quoth a cliU'eli-Riilnit ru^tie, ' and I htj« my bx- up, anrt I tbinkf -?' llitbin,;.' Nut a ('?'?? oppidan and inetropoliuu oungregitfnnft, we husi ect, tollow the recumbent ruBtic plin. lutriciie problems hivolieen solved in church. Ships have Iwjii mentally built, ledgers tiiemslly bilnin:ed, cabitieta nicnUllv Itscimsti nciud, battles InUfiht, the lovliuHt da'sses cUosen, the umst lu'.wiUiUing ^Uncs east aud the hajipi'j-t thouahiH ol'ieu cmieeived, during Ihe proctnsof an orthodox aoimnii. '? I ciiuld build a vessel fmul etem to Blum under our ruKuhr proachi't.' was the tesliiniiuy of a ehip huilder in Whitflcl-i'« time, ' but when Mr, Wimri.tld preached I could not lav a plank.' la puritanical New England, too, according lu ilia evidence of Mr. L inglcllovv, tlie i id pre latical distraction is p'*sil-le. — hong vts tlm goad man's sermon ; Dut It bCBmud Dot to tj] me. For I Uionglit ? whM yott, «ir, decidedly flnght nnt to have tluingiit. Such Bermons have driven tongie gallons to til Surrey (j.ink'li'. A inelalleholv tijuru! The metiopolis thillit itslampaat live in (he morning, and crowded down to desnUto Mo'irli.^ids lo iisieu to the plaintive Uincut or the tearful denunciations of Wlntfixld,— thai liuard tha grave, wileinn wnesof John Wesley, —that huag eurapt on the grand notds and noble thoughts, heeding little about the rough accents, ol Chalmers, — that caught flwhas of supernatural lighl amid the rolling spoc&lptic; Blonds thit darkened the brow of livng.—thls molvoiwlis that hat hushed its roar awhile acquiescent tn the nmsio of MulviUc, — is thire nothing ieft Cor it now but the utters of such rihalil wit— nothing but the shreds of sash weekday lugubrious jests tn went --ul, we lud fuBllv Imped, will, the hubbub ..f thi- Whitstin drtrni', had perislu-d In the wrecK of tiiwu wicli tali? Th ngs are not now In the trarrey (Jaid-rtB«s they were in their prime though the change is perhaps more apparent than real. ThKVOuetUt & remnant of the familiar tiwuts and the moulting birds, the oild fisli, the E^btle aud unpleasant serpents, the mangy d»gt, and the iokjllcc ual beavers. There is still (ho pen«iv«i monny-oiitDgar, that used to buod in iiis broken box, and mourn over the folly of the world that went heedlesB on iu towr.ward way. Nigh'ly, too, there is — or lately was— the clash of tlie inevitable band, and the Him and gl ire, and reek aud reel, of the nus, and the tipsoy laughter, and the gam of tsuita,, ami thu sulphuric sphitter, and e uck.and lln-n, and Maze of riicwnrks in ihe air, ihtowing a lun'd liglit-l'-vii liraiidy— (ilaslioi Bacinn and jauniy pints and vasts, and, oi'cr.'icaid throiigli ail Ilia human and inhuman mar, the |-Uiiu ol tliu Great City without, still unquiet or inuttning in its sleep, Thi Suney Arcadia not in its prime! Wo must uui-ay that word. Sail fuith IV.. m ih» rethiog-ro -m 0 autocratic. I ulllen—niouut with stateliest step the throne of iniiKie— Mriku thy most ina^uiticeni tap— command that moil siiuiix orchartm — and quell tU«t shilling woiU into li^tenmg silonce ilirk to that xl.irinn* drinking miiig. char.-ed and clashed In ilia accord ot h*n\i ?ni.ius ineial Tin: ? Tr*vim«' ! Yi« ; Ittui ili ink; Vinlena bids us. L'M us drink to thn beauty that is Iteaming amund— Nature's own, I''1ow-ms are blooming— voices of happiness sound— lileN patlmay loveV light is Illuming— we are getting warmar— but, after all, this is secular, weekday eult-Tlainmeiit Can nothing he invented --- enliven -!'.« pn verliially dujlday, on KnglMi Sundat- ? slmll religiMudie for want ??( hil.ritv? 1 jfu i* ici.M-t aud Ar- i« long— t ..i |nnh'-iuo iliffil.ut. At UkI, tliem ix an opening in the throng Thank yon, fir. Name? it wu are not inlrMriinrn! — Th«llv. C II Spiiitf.-nn evident ly bmlik-- aud nVKr-biKhl'iil. AW -k us to intio'lil-e liiui. —?' Ladies and (JRiilIonn-n, the inetropnlltHii and rcprobata «nr.d in gi'nural will be wt'lnMSi-d by our reverend rtnd liivly j-uunK f. ienJ in ttie i:.H|HCiou» ImII at tha Sll'ruT Gai^etls erery Sundav morning uutil mrllier nutiu;. The tickets 'i*y bo li*d, liku cipi'ra ticUets, i-oiicerl tickets, tfckem (in a ralBfl or lottery tickets. lt.jligi.,u» lilauk» it is p.MMble lo draw ; but, liy cnntiniially atti tiding, teligiuus piiies may turn tip.' Will din reader vontiin-? Uo know* the ground, and nia»t brace hi« ium ?vw 'n entering the spiiitiial Arcadia. It is * «?«( Sunday, «n-t that wili te»t ?mr friend's hilarious lacnlty. We \\\tve forgotten tickets, purling they will tske money »t the doore. Bot. we h«l beUar take a bill' Thin is the Rev. 0 . FleUiher'a por trait ' ofthe youthful herald of tlm cross, or young Timothy.' And here is ' The Light ot Genius,' pi ice Id , where ' we hail a hew light, a comet of mercy, senl forth with a blazing power to cnsuiuc sin and bum up all stobble. Watch him— orery word is a fi-nver, every sentence a nosegay. His Hood or wards become a tide,— an ovur-fl iwing Nile.' What is a comet of uioroy 1 Is lie like Whitofield, that Jlethudist Uemosihenes. rathei prone to weep than to laugh, fonder ratlier of wiuning a tear than courting a (rrm,— that jnut man who refund hounos and lands and gittn for himself —who would nut have a gigantic church built* as his Atnotican friends [in.wd him to du, saving - ho cared little tor coiled houses,'— Whitrwld, who olt«n stole away ir to the towns at night to shun the plaudits ot thfe crowd,— Whitfiell, who monutui * Uble in Moorfinian, And preached amid the hnbhnh df m.iunii*»nk and ihe wild -» hiistmjavgon, and in rpttuot engs and hug w»'li, till, at last, awed hy liiB«aine-(uesK, the motley company beg«n to listen,— a'lio afa^ked Vine hind t*i hanS,— whiwn Images «r«re ukeii from dang ling gibbet' on Kenninglnn or Blackheatb,i whose ohoieest audienee wae one of colliers a't King'woodor needlewomen in Clcrkenwell1? 'I never treated *hiifiol4ls preaching w\tai contempt,1* said Or. Johnson, ' 1 believe he did good.' A celebrated man of our time' Lord Campbell, has pronounced a similar judgment upoo Mr. Spurue ,n :— ' lie u doin| » gieai deal of good Sir,' lie remarked to 0 r tiiehard Mayne, who was in al tendance at m Surrey Hull ; ' we want twenty young men like him.' The Pillco Comml«ioi)«r apps rentlv did nol know of any. We approach the cheerful Hall ;— tlck«'«J tickets 1— ib 'tom-v taki-n nt a religious pate V Vus, happily In' us ; rup' nbates are admitted tor a shilling. We amend inln Mr 8putge-in'* domain. The Uall is half full. In the body, migiated from Park- slreui, i» * vell-paelicd brigade of the cbosun, who nit under ill-, Spur^eon perinatientlr, and can be depunduj on,— a *i:Ma .llnl deriM mm -if haU «no bonnets, with hent «nd there a liule child'* pretty ft™ peering up wistlully towards 1h» pill form See, lilt elect tlve Kliillillgs are lieglnniiig to mil, and tu'n, and npiu aird de pal HwmBslvpi ineiiily iuto th« orchmtral ^p^ce8 What a blight and nhtninK pile ! — all good silver currency, mut'iplyinK now bv dnznnn aud twentits. and sum by huudieda. And (Ikwu ariih'ii'-ii«--l men piclnic up and down dnri rmmd the gatleri^i, itnd Aii'm pru ning \viih niitjiiiet evt% Aji; th^r thn cifUntHi^ nr ohoek-iak^m? 'lUVn ihi-y shun'* in tto uuderiaki .? Miillii^s and balf.erivtnH , nd erownsMill Sifting in round the pulpit »f 'be -.f tim won.lei ful nun And y«-.t , in tluw |ki - turbed cunvuey liuicii, ai-' tbn-e verim le ouil lingH and er--wuH. or do tli-*y only represent «nd Htonnt wbatt'iey seem? ' It is humil a t'mg lo think,' M Spin:g««n if finitwl ti have said. ? lion littio id collected at thfdoras, ?wily HV last Sunday. The balanw- ii- tho banker's hands le only 8,6002,' »n-t the sum oquin'd for a BUlBViciit large ehutoh «hvre I shall be glad tn welcome any bir-h p«, is £25 000.' Very humiliating, indeed. Sir. Sp ngeon ; and with a thousand cnnversl 'Us a var and *-v-r eight »n inons a wl-cK, vuiy hard. W« lonk round auca ta-ire;— haU still on, the Hall i*U filling. (Tolmc'iiitinuud.) 