<@j)eti Column. " For theopinionsof Ctorrespondentsexpressed here we are not responsible . we give every phase of intelligently expressed opinion a place in this column, refusing no useful letter merely because ite sentiments differ from our own. THE POST - OFFICE. j (2b m Editor of the Star.) j Sm,-I intendod to hate written you ere tiiis upon thia important, although almost threadbare subject.: hull was pleasantly in dulging the hope that things would mend, instead of that, however, they are getting worse. I nm well aware that the cry is "Make your complaint first of all to the head of the department, and if that is not satisfactory, you may complain to the pablic through the Press." But I have had too much ex perience in these matters. I know perfectly well that such a course of procedure ema nating as it does from officialdom, is abso lutely futile, and consequently the public Press is the safest and best medium to make known our wanta and grievances. The circumstances under which I write are neither singular nor peculiar. I came to Ballarat about four months ago-not a new chum in the colony. From absolute poverty I was compelled to leave my wife a td child with her relations at their farm. ' X had to straggle here like many others, with bad times, disappointments, and sickness. I corresponded regularly with roy wife as a matter of conree. This is now the fourth or fifth time that my letters hare either not reached her at all or have been delayed Cor more than a fortnight after they were due. Whether the fault lies with the officials hare or the postmaster st-Rallan (the post office my letters are addressed to) I know not; but this X know-Mundaring stupidity or inefficiency somewhere has «anaed a great deal of nnneoeeaary anxiety. The last case of poet office activity and punctuality will be ; just now quite sufficient. On Thursday, the 17th insL, I posted a letter and four papers for Ballan; and. haviag been for sometime a poatmacter myself in this colony, there are ; cw more cantal in fang correct tn tte ad drr^ within time/«nd turing tnem properly stamped, Jndgeay aarpaee, then, when I reeetved a ikS -aelcnowleaging receipt of tbe papera, bat not tb^^ghost of a letter. ? ?' ? New,:Sir, I not e»*emsa as to make n^grifirshcean ieblatt^ caae. I hear manir eomplauita of the earns nature, mingled witt, aund^ inelegant expletives. It « therefore high time blahdiring afaoald'give piece to Mrrectnese, 'inefficiency' to competency, «nd patronage, Jrom whatever cause, to ateriing ability. It ia mack to be desired -that the order of merit were introduced into the kingdom of red tape, and governmental eirena)locution should sneak quietly into the darkness of bygone days. Yours, Soc., \- D. K'AsxBxrs. Egerton Hotel, 22nd Jane, 1858. 