EDDYSTONE LIGHTHOUSE. THERE is a perilous reef of rocks, about fourteen miles from Plymouth, and about ten from the Ram Head on the Cornish Coast, against which the swell of the Atlantic waves beats and breaks with uncontrollable fury, These are famed Eddystone Rock, so named from marvel that many a noble ship stumbled and fell in have been anxiously set upon devising some mode of giving a timely warning. As early 1696, a brave man was found who was ready to step forward in this "forlorn hope," lead the attack ; storm the rock, plant his colours, and then stand the siege - against what forces ?—the waves and winds of an ocean, the tempests of the wintry Atlantic. All this is bravery indeed ! The man who led that "forlorn hope" was Henry Winstanley. There was a whim- sical quaintness in his former mode of life which would have prepared one to expect the merry quips and tricks of a conjuror, rather than the bold deeds and high heart of a hero. He had surrounded himself in this Essex house with the most startling absurdities. If his visítor took his seat in chair, a pair of arms would instantly start up and embrace him, making him a close prisoner therein. If he attempted to kick out of the way a slipper which he saw lying on the ground, a ghost-like figure would immediately spring up and confront him ; and, if wearied with these unpleasant surprises, he seated himself in a bower in the grounds, he was, forthwith, launched out into the middle of the canal. It was from amidst such childish though ingenious jokes as these, that Henry Winstanley stepped boldly out upon the Eddystone rocks, and prepared to maintain himself there against the rude shocks of indignant storms. Harlequin turns hero ! A strange metamorphosis ! He spent the first summer in boring twelve holes in his impracticable rock, and in fixing twelve answering irons therein as a hold-fast for his new arm-chair admidst the waves, his new summer bower of the seas ! During ths course of the next season he raised a round pillar twelve feet high and fourteen in diameter. It was still there when he returned to it in the succeeding spring ; and he built at it until, including the vane, it rose to the height of eighty feet. He now determined to take poseession of this singular erection ; but the first night in which he ventured to lodge in this strange citadel was a night of storm and tumult, and for eleven succeeding days not a boat could venture to approach the beleagured garrison. Still they clung manfully to their battlements, their provisions, like themselves, drenched and soaked with the salt waves. On the 14th of November, in the same year (1698), Winstanley lighted his lantern. But wild were the nights and days that followed. The kindly glimmer of his beacon was dancing upon fearfully troubled seas ; and it was not until three days before Christmas that, in the very extremity of hunger, he regained the shore. The fourth season was spent in encasing his tower with fresh outworks, and in raising it to the height of one hundred and twenty feet ; for, even when his lantern was at an elevation of sixty feet shove the rock, he found that it was often "actually buried under the water." The first Eddystone lighthouse contrived to maintain a sort of dying life until the November of 1703, when, some repairs being required, its bold architect, accompanied by a body of workmen, landed on the rock. There is a painful feature in this story, which we should have been glad to suppress were it not for the moral teaching which it conveys. Poor Winstanley, in his strong self-reliant confidence in the stability of his work, had declared that "he only wished to be there in the greatest storm that ever blew under the face of the heavens, that he might see what effect it would have on the structure," And now a storm was coming which has been memorable in history for its wild fury and for the fearful destruction which it wrought- the storm of the 26th of November, 1703. When the morning of the 27th arose on the troubled scene, not a vestige remained of the lighthouse, of the architect, or of his men, saving only some small length of chain which was firmly jammed into a crevice of the rock ! Ah, there is a wide distinction between presumption and courage, between a bold self-confidence and a humble trust. Smeaton remarks, that the common sense of the public had led them to anticipate some such sorrowful tragedy, so little was the tower of Winstanley adapted to endure the shock of its peculiar trials. The vital importance of a light on the Eddystone was soon after painfully illustrated by the loss, on the rock, of the Winchelsea man-of-war, with nearly all the crew. The next man who wrestled with this stubborn difficulty was Mr. John Rudyerd. His antecedents were not such as would prepare him for his critical mission : he was a London silk mercer. However, flinging aside his soft and shining merchandise, he addressed himself to his critical work in the summer of the year 1706, with such energy and skill that in two more summers the light might again be seen shining like a star above the waves, at the height of ninety-two feet from the rock. Rudyerd's tower was of wood, weighted at the base by a considerable mass of stone-work, and its form an elegant frustum of a cone, carried up unbroken by any of those whimsical outworks which in Winstanley's tower had afforded to the waves so many points of irritating resistance. But, after a spirited existence of forty-seven years, the wooden lighthouse of Rudyerd paid the penalty of its perishable material, and was destroyed by fire, its three tenants escaping with great difficulty from this second adverse element, and one of them dying of injuries received during the conflagration. And now there steps out upon the narrow stage a man of real genius. This man was Smeaton. John Smeaton was born at Ansthorpe in Yorkshire, was articled to an attorney, and afterwards followed the business of a mathematical instrument maker. He was the first person in England who pursued the calling of a civil engineer, and in fact he may be said to have created the profession. Smeaton was resolved, in spite of the opposition of the authorities, that his tower should be entirely of stone. The material being decided on, form next became the subject of anxious consideration. And now his thoughts settled upon the study of Nature's own noble type of strength -a grand old oak ! He considered its spreading roots, which take such a broad firm grip upon the soil of its mother earth : he studied the rise of its swelling base, which, when it attains the height of about one diameter, is reduced by a graceful curve concave to the eye, which carries it to a diameter less by one-third than its original base. Now, then, it runs up more perpendicularly in the form of a cylinder, and then, a preparation being required for the support of its spreading boughs, a renewed swelling of its diameter is observable. Now (Smeaton proceeds to reason), we were to cut off the branches of our noble oak, and in that denuded state expose its sole to the assaults of wild waves at the base, instead of wild winds at the summit, we have a type of such a lighthouse-column as is best adapted to endure the peculiar tests of its position. This is the well known story of the conception of the idea of the Eddystone-lighthouse. But Mr. Alan Stevenson, the distinguished engineer of the Great Skerryvore lighthouse, shows in one of his interesting works, that if the idea of his celebrated column sprung up in Smeaton's mind from the fancied analogy of the oak, he was unconsciously led to a correct conclusion by following a faulty line of reasoning - in other words, reasoning correctly from wrong premises. The difference in material destroys the force of the analogy. The oak stands the shock of winds, not only from the breadth of its swelling base, but by the strength of its fibrous texture, the elasticity and coherence of its parts : the tower resists the assault of the waves by the lowness of its true centre of gravity, and by the weight and friction of its massive material. No : the great idea of the Eddystone could never have grown up from an acorn ; it sprung, Minerva-like, from the thoughtful brow of genius. It was on the 5th of April, 1750, that Smeaton first stepped upon the rock and prepared for his coming work by cutting the surface in regular steps or trenches, into which the blocks of stone were to be dove- tailed. The first stone was laid on the 12th of June, 1757, and the last on the 24th of August, 1759, completing a tower of aixty-eight feet in height. The structure is a solid mass to the height of twelve feet, and the blocks of stone are held together by stone joggles, dove-tailed joints, and oaken tree- nails. That so sagacious an engineer as Smeaton should have arched the floors of his different stories, has created some surprise, as he thereby lost the added element of strength, which he might have secured by making those floors as tie-walls. His ingenuity, however, helped him out of his difficulty, by suggesting a mode of counteracting the dangerous tendency of the outward thrust of these arched floors. He bound the courses of his stonework together by belts of chain, which were set in grooves while in a heated state, by the application of hot lead, and which, on cooling, of course tightened their clasp upon the tower. On the 16th of October, 1759, the benignant light again shine out over the waters, a welcome gleam to the straining eye of the seaman, though it was but the concentrated light of a few tallow candles ! And after such mighty preparations and such a world of thought, was this all that science could do to light up its grand new seatower ? Yes, truly : the group of tallow candles burnt on and did their best to testify of danger, until the year 1807, when argand burners with silvered copper reflectors were displayed, completely taking the shine out of the poor endeavouring candes. You may stand upon the Hee at Plymouth, with the grand blue Sound spread before you, bristling with fortified points and islands, with the beautiful curved promontory of Mount Edgecombe sweeping out to sea on your right, with the straight black line of the Breakwater boldly dividing the swells, and with its own little beacon telegraphing to the great men-of-war the road into the magnificent port ; and when twilight slowly descends upon the scene, you may see the light of the Eddystone beaming like a bright star far out upon the sea. It was here that Smeaton used to stand with his telescope when storms forbade his landing on the rocks, and watch how the seas ran up his trembling tower and hung for a fearful moment suspended like a canopy at twice its height above its brow, completely shrouding it from his sight ! 