Latest Indian News. From the .' Inquirer." The following is the summary of events from the Bombay Times of 18th Dec. : Oude. Cawnpore and Lucknow. The section of our summary which ought to have been most abundantly lied, must to-day, in a great measure, remain a blank. For a fortnight, the mails betwixt Lower Bengal and Bombay have been cut off, the news reach- ing us by the circuit of Madras and for once only once we trust, the English reader must depend for Lucknow and Cawnpore intelligence on our Calcutta contemporaries, which can on all ordinary occasions be supplied, four days later in date at least from Bombay than from any other point. The following facts, chiefly transmitted to us by telegraph, are strung together for the sake of continuity the narrative will be continued in full in our next. In our last, we gave tidings to the 21st of November, when Sir Colin Campbell, after six days' hard fighting, was able to communicate with the garrison, and to send the sick, the wounded and the ladies under convoy to Allumbagk. These, after remaining here for a time, were able to make their way in safety to Cawnpore about the 26th. By last accounts they had reached Allahabad, about one hundred and fifty miles lower down, at the con- fluence of the Jumna and Ganges, where the railway crosses and are, we trust, before now, safe with their friends in Calcutta. From the 21st to the 23rd, our troops seem to have been occupied with the enemy at Lucknow, a part of the city never having been in our possession. On the night of the 22nd the Commander-in-Chief ordered the garrison to retire from the Residency, covered by the relieving force, which then fell back on Dil kasha, in the face of the whole Oude army. All the guns worth carrying were taken away with £230 000 of treasure belonging to the King. The Residency was then abandoned, when the whole force seems to have retired on Allumbagh. Here the gallant Havelock died of exhaustion, anxiety and fatigue on the 25th, having from the time he was wrecked in the Erin off Ceylon in May, almost lived in harness. From the 25th of September, when he relieved the Residency, and was shut up by the insurgents, until the 20th of November, he must have led a life of anxiety, such as a stronger constitution might have sunk under. On the 26th, the Commander-in Chief marched on Bunnee, midway between Cawnpore and Lucknow, leaving Outram in charge of a division at Alumbagh. We are unable to trace the movements of the Commander-in-Chief further. He arrived at Cawnpore, on the 28th November. At eleven o'clock the morning of the 6th December, he defeated the mutineers of the Gwalior Contingent with great slaughter, destroying their camp, and pursuing them fourteen miles southward, in the direction of Allahabad. Sixteen pieces of artillery, twenty-six battery carts and waggons, with immense quantities of ammunition, stores, grain, and cattle were captured. About three thousand of the Gwalior Contingent, with two 18-inch howitzers, and two light field guns, had before this approached Cawnpore. On the morning of the 26th, they were attacked by General Wind- ham, eight miles north of the town, on the Mundoo River, and after a sharp fight of an hour and a half, they were defeated with the loss of all their ordnance, save a light gun. They would appear meanwhile to be reinforced. On the evening of the 27th, when our troops had retired within their entrenchments the rebels burned down the camp of the 54th, 82nd, and 88th. A sortie was now made from the canal, when the rebels were beaten back ; but our extreme right suffered severely, especially the 64th and 84th. Brigadier Wilson of H.M.'s 51st regiment was killed, and Major Sterling seriously wounded. It is reported that the Governor-General will leave shortly for the north- west. He will proceed to Allahabad, and perhaps to Cawnpore. It is not unlikely that the Hill stations and the Punjaub will be his ultimate destination. The British ambassadors were well received at Herat and our relations with the Shah are most friendly. Colonel Cotton, who had distinguished himself during the recent troubles, died on the 28th Nov., at Day rain. It has been suggested to send the King of Delhi to St. Helena. Letters from Delhi state that the accounts of the treatment of European females in that town during the first outbreak have been much exaggerated. A siege train was in course of completion at Ahmednugger ; its destination was Mhow. At Delhi two commissions were sitting, and every prisoner convicted of belonging to the Bengal army was executed at once. The mutineers of the Joudpore legion, had escaped pursuit, and had proceeded to Oude. The fugitives at Nynee Tal were surrounded by thousands of mutineers. The Neemuch mutineers were defeated by Ghario, a village near Mundesore, with a loss of 2,000 men. The loss of the assailants, the Malwa force, was about 50. The Madras N. I. Regiments are to be increased to 1,000 men, and the Sappers and Miners from 9 companies to 12. Twenty-four of the inferior members of the royal family have been executed at Delhi. The mutineers have a great dread of the sailors of the Naval Brigade, it having been reported among them that they are cannibals. Such of the Highlanders as wear kilts are also objects of fear to the natives, who say that they are the ghosts of the murdered Englishwomen risen to avenge. By the last advices, the telegraph wire between Cawnpore and Allahabad had been cut, and communications temporarily suspended. General Ash- burnham was to have a divisional command in India. Executions were daily taking place at Delhi. Another gallows had been erected, and the bodies of those who were hung were afterwards burnt. The royal family is nearly extinct, 10 sons and most of the grandsons of the king being wither hung or not. The king was to be tried, the Assistant Judge Advocate having left Meerut for the purpose. There is no doubt but that he will be sentenced to death. From the Bombay Telegraph of 27th Nov., we make the following ex- tract The Nana Sahib is still in Oude, and no fears are now entertained about his ultimately falling into our hands. The following is the description of his person taken from the Agra Government Gazette, which will doubtless enable some one hereafter to claim the reward of 30,000 rupees offered by the Governor General of India in Council for this miscreant's apprehension :-" The Nana is 42 years of age. Hair black-complexion, light wheat colored, large eyes, and a flat round face. He is understood now to wear a beard. Height about 5 feet 8 inches. He wears his hair very short, (or at least did so leaving only so much as a skull-cap would cover. He is full in person and of powerful frame. He has not the Mahratta hooked nose with broad nostrils, but a straight well shaped one. He has a servant with a cut ear, who never leaves his side. We are teaching wholesome lessons to the miseries of Oude. The Cawnpore force, while passing a village en route to Either, having had ample evidence that the inhabitants had shared in the plunder of Cawnpore, and more than one sad relic of our massacred country- men having been found in their houses, the scoundrels were shot down without mercy as they attempted to fly ; others were dragged from their hiding-places, and at once made to pay the penalty of their crimes, and not one male left alive in the place. It is said that the women offered all their jewels that their sons or husbands slight be spared ; but our soldiers to their honor be it said put them aside, and did their duty ; knowing as they all did, the fiendish cruelties, and unutterable insults heaped on our defenceless women in Cawnpore The village was burnt previous to the force leaving. 