[ MAITLAND CIRCUIT COUBT. I (From th* Maitland Mercury, March 0.) I Tili* court opened yesterday, before bis Honor tbe Chief Justice, The barristers present wore the Attorney-Genera1, Mr, Murray, Mr, Faucott, Mr. Butler, Mr. Windeyer, and Mr. Ellis, The AltornoyOeneral prosecuted for the Crown. Tbeproolaroation against vice and immorality was read. ASSAULT wran INTENT TO COMMIT RAPE. James Spenoer was indicted for having assaulted Harriet Newman, with intent to ooramit a rape, at Mait- land, on the 1st February, 1838. Tbs prisoner pleaded not guilty. He was undefended. The witnesses oalled wore Edward McLean, Joseph Furness, and Harriet Newman. The particulars of this case have-boen so rooontly published, that mora than a brief notice of them is now unnecessary. It appeared from the evidence that on tbe evening of Monday, theist February, Mrs. Newman, Ythi had been out to make some purobases in the town, was returning home, and on her way was about to turn off from High-street to see a siok woman. Sba was then near Durham- street. A man suddenly came up, said sba WAS just thu woman ho wanted, dragged her down John-street, threw ber down, stuffed her clothes in her mouth, and made the attempt complained of. She struggled nnd endeavoured to make a noise, whereupon Spence swore by " his Holy Ghost" be would take her life if she did. She threatened to take him to court, and he professed with an oath that he cared nothing for the magistrates or constables, and Bald that his name was Jim Spenoer. Furness, the night watchman, wos at this time passing near the Northumberland Bridge, aud heard tho noise of a woman moaning. Looking over the rails, and seeing a man and woman in John-street, he went down to them, and as soon as tba woman could speak she called out " Is tbet you, Watch- man f " and said sho gave the man in charge. Spencer said ho would give him obarge, and struck him, and be was obliged to run away for ossiatanoo. He returned with Constable M'Lean, and they took Spenoer in oharge, and with great difficulty convoyed him to tba look-up. He bad a paling in his hand, and appeared almost mad. The prisoner cross-examined Mrs. Newman, with the view of obtaining from her tho admission that she bad gone with bim willingly from High-street, and hod received money from bim ; but she denied it. The prisoner said nothing in defence, except that the woman would Bwear anything. He oalled evidence os to bis previous character. Mr. Joseph Eckford had not beard anything against him ; but only saw bim occasion- ally. Ha had seon him drunk on the day of the occur- rence in question.-Alexander M'Leay had known bim soven yearB, and so far as he knew, knew nothing against him. He was a sober man sometimes. The prisoner thon said that another witness bad pro- mised to come: this witness, he said, was the night watchman at Mr. Nicholson's, and could give evidence as to the woman's leaving the street with him. A con- stable wa3 despatched to West Maitland to procuro bis attendance. Thomas Blake, this watchman, stated that on the night in question he Baw a woman and tbe man come down High-street and turn into John-street together. They were walking, alongside of each other. Tbs man was the prisoner, but he did not know the woman. He did not tben see tbe man's features, but recognised him an hour afterwards when the police had bim in oustody. Constable M'Lean stated that Mrs. Newman was rather fond of grog, but not more than occasionally tipsy She was not very attentive to ber family. Michael Kenny had known Spencer for some years, and bad never seen bim the worse for drink, or ill-conducted. Samuel Clift said that Spencer's character was good, and though he was rather fond of liquor he had only once seen bim drunk. Sergeaut Kerrigan bad known Mrs. Newman for three or four years ; by reputo she boro a bad diameter. His Honor summed up. The jury retired for an hour, and then returned a verdict of not guilty. Tho prisoner was discharged. UTTERING) FORCED CHEQUES. John Wlii'e was indiotod for having feloniously uttered a forged bank oheque, knowing it to bo forged, with intent to defraud, at Maitland, on.tho 3rd January. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. Ho was unde- fended. The witnesses called were Goorge Hoatb and Franois White. On the 3rd January, White called at the store of Mr. Hoatb, Singleton, and obtained goods to the value of £2, in payment for which he prescn'od a oheque on the Union Bank of Australia for £10, purporting to be drawn by "Frank Wbite." Ho said that tho obequo was drawn by one of three brothers. Knowing that thero were three brothers of tho name of White, Mr. Hoath gave him £8 chango, and soma days after re- mitted the cheque to Messrs. Cohen and Ca, Mr. Francis White was ia partnership with his two brothers at Belltrees, sixty or seventy milos above Singleton. He did not know any other Franois White, or any other three brothers of the name of Wbito, in partnership, in the district. Tbe signature to tho cheque was not his signature, nor that of either of his brothers; and the cheque was not drawn on tbe bank of which he was a customer. Tbe prisoner saiu ne neitnor Know nnyming or tno ohcquo, nor was he in Singleton on the Sunday in ques- tion, but was nt a publio-housa three miles this Bido of Singleton on the Saturday night. His Honor Bummed up, remarking that the question was entirely ono of identity. As it appeared that Hr. Falkner, who kept the public house named by tho prisoner, was in Court, the prisoner was informed of it, and collei him to give evidence in defence, but he had no recollection of White having been at bis place. The jury retired for half-an-hour, and then returned a verdiot of guilty, recommending the prisoner to mercy "on nconunt of thoro being only one witness." His Honor hold that ground to bo inadmissible. Tho Attorney-General stated that ha. Iud abstained from offering evidence conneotcd with another cheque which the prisoner had presented, and had swallowed, OB bo had doubted whetbor it was admissiblo. The prisoner was sentenced to Ave years on the roads. KMUEZZLEÎIIÎNT. James Munro was indioted forh'iving, on tim 2nd May, 1857, as clerk of tba Australian Joint Stock Bank, at Singloton, and by virtuo of bis employment, received nnd tiken into*his possession a large slim of money-to wit, £150-for and in behalf of.the Australian Joint Stouk Bank, and for having then and there fraudulently and feloniously embezzled the same. Ho was further indioted with having at other times, and at tho Raine place, received and embezzled other sums, viz.-A'18, £140 10?. Od., X'ö3 Ils. Od., X'CO, and ÜÍ00. Th eso charges formed two separate indictments. To the first tho prisoner pleaded "logally guilty," and to tho j second guilty. Mr. Ellis appeared for the prisoner'; attorney, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Ellis stated that the legal proof was so completo against the prisoner, that ho had been advised to plead guilty ; but he proposed to call evidonoo in mitigation oi tho sentence. His Honor consented to hear such evidonoo, and to road the depositions in tho case that night, that he might pass sentonao in tho morning. Tbe witnesses called wore Homy Glennie, and John Wailaoo. Dr. Glennie had known the prisoner three or four ycurs. He bad attended him for nenrly tho lost twelvo months. Tho prisoner mot with an accident in Fobruary, 1807, by tho upsotting of the mail, and was ill a long time from tho offeats. Ha was nbout 00 years of age, and such nn accident would be a great shuck to his con- stitution. His bodily health bad not been so good since, nnd bo had not appeared so well fitted for business. Boforo tho auoi de nt bis health was in such a state that witness advised bim to give up business, His arra (which was injured by the acoidont) would not admit of Iiis doing hard labour. Hu had, nftor the aaoidont, hoon in suih a low state as to rcqulro that stimulants bhould be administered foriioousidorablo limo-fur sovcral months. This might bnvo affected his mind. Hu bad been in custody.-Mr. Wailaoo statad that tho prieonor had been in gaol since tho 20th January, tie wns in a very weak state when ho eutored, and was still very wonk, though in bolter health than whan be entered.-Dr. Glennio, recalled, said ho had known tho prisoner for threo or four years, and tho obnraator ho hod borno had hcun a good one. Ho had kept a store at Singleton. Tho prisoner was remanded till Tuesday morning, for Bpnlonue. SIZE OP FAHMS IM AMBIUOA.-In tho wheat region, south of Lithe Ontario, tho Tarins mo usually from IBO to 200 aaron in extent, though many nru much largor. Tho farmuuusoB ar* roomy ond comfortulili>, improving ono favourably with tho condition of Ibo ocoupnnti. Tho fomalo members of tho family linvo ntnplu employ, ment in fha (deaning and cooking clopiiWinputs, und the' tibia at the iiiflbront me.ls is loaded with ti profusion of dishes. Ilottso servants aro dispensed with as far as possible Butuliei'-meat appears ot breakfast, dinner, and supper. The' Americans no doubt oat rt vast deal too muon of BUUII stimulating food. Indeed, I do not Ihlnlt that any class in England consumes BO muob butober. moat as nil olasses do herc. It is a remarkable alroura. ?'aneo that farms haro a tondenoy to decrease in t-teo more rapidly whore the land is poor than where it i* rloti. -North America! Ut Agriculture and climate, , Jiy I Robert IMieiu j 