fining. WE hear that an- objection to the late district survey -appointments has is sued from the miners of the Northum berland Gully Lead in the form of a telegram to Mr Humffray, requesting him to inform the' Government that Mr Fitzpatrick would not he accepted by them. This is a stupid course it seems to us. It is no good to bother Mr Humffray with commissions he cannot be expected to execute, and which, if executed, would have no effect. The proper course is for every lead to memorialise the Mining Board upon the subject, .and for the miners generally to hold a meeting, and discuss the general question of goldfields' revenue and management. As to the survey business, it appears that , the outsiders are not yet inclined to give up the ghost, or the miners inclined to withdraw their patronage. The rains which have now com menced to fall are giving fresh hopes to the numerous parties inte rested in sluicing and puddling affairs. But thc legalisation of the water grants already made is necessary, ta the more confident and energetic prosecution of this branch of mining enterprise, and it is so far satisfactory to know that this necessary process is in a fair way to be accomplished. - The Mining Board are collecting the several grants in ordei to their arrangement and classification! preparatory to the enactment of a bye law to render if possible the grants ic question legally secure. There is nc end to the schemes of one sort and another afloat in the way of surfacing and sluicing undertakings, and th« season now commenced, will doubtlesi be a more than ordinarily busy one ii this department of mining. INKERMANN.-There is no news o special moment to report respecting this lead just now. The subterránea! combatants are grown a trifle mon civil towards each other, and matten therefore are proceeding more quietly All the smoke has not cleared of yet, however, and it is said there ar< live embers of combativeness stil smouldering. The ground uow work ing out in the region west of the Cerne tery continues to turn out capitally and if it were not for private propert] drawbacks, the proceeds per clain would rival some of our good old days One or two of the claims ahead ar< smothered with water, and operation are consequently impeded ; but gene rally the work goes on with averag speed. Back in the old portion of th lead affairs are not so bright. Th original prospect company have ha« work to keep body and soul togethei They have any quantity of ground,' bu it is poor, and the difficulties enormous Only one whim company have groom above them. Below, the Homewar Bound, Crown, Hope, and Grea Northern, are doing a fair stroke, bu with noticeable difference in results the ground about and past the A. J Junction being much better than tha above it. DEAD HOUSE.-From this quarte we have no intelligence of great prc gress to report. Slow and not ver sure seems to be the order of the da here yet. The recent stoppages, how ever, are being gradually got over ; an in a few days the original boring an other companies will be in action agai below. 