METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Literpool Albion, 2nd November.) So much has been said the whole week about the only thing thought of these four months, squashing of the Mogul with British grape, that all the breath left to continue the same strain merely suffices to say what next ? and the public and the stocks hope to recover themselves ere the reply arrives. Meanwhile this has been more like a day of rest, to Christians as well as Jews, than any probably these last three weeks; and Mr. Cadogan himself, however disposed, couldn't make a farthing by transmitting per telegraph to any foreign exchange ths fluctua- tion of a quarter per cent, in British securities. There is certainly a considerable run to-day in the city on a great house in Bouverie-street, Fleet-street ; but it is one whioh the establish- ment in question and customers alike rejoice at, the only anxiety being, not for enough specie to meet the paper, but paper enough to meet the specie. The note is one of admiration, an issue suited to universal acceptance on either side the Atlantic ; the first real practical approach to that desideratum of Mr. Yates and the currency optimists, a token of international monetary interchangement. Its colour is the plumage of the canary a sort of ameliorated yellow-plush, such as Jeames of Bulkly-square might don if playing Sir Harry, in " High Life be'ow Stairs," or a gent, in the Palm House, at Kew Gardens, on a Sunday. On the obverse it bears the effigies, 1st, of a military personage of the era of Waverley, when Waverley was only " Sixty Years Ago"-and now 'tis half as long again ; and, 2ndly-But what's the use of "firstly or secondly, when everybody who is anybody knows all about it already, or will by the time this could be in their hands ? Enough that it is the Virginians; and in saying that a volume is i said, though only the twentieth part of one is out yet. But the Nigger Gumbo is already a radiant seraph of ugliness and attractiveness at whatever railway station in the British dominions the name of " Smith" is known ; and where's the hamlet or the" hut wherein that household word was not familiar, even before arsenical Madeline, of whom presently, had multiplied the' monosyl- lable incomputably ? The Baroness Bernstein jostles 'Becky Sharpe in the antipathy and admi- ration of the public, and jolly Will revives the vinous fascinations that prevails ere Lawrence Hayworth's Yew Tree bore teetotal berries. At first it was supposed that the Virginians was an Americano-satiric or panegyric perform- ance pertaining to the passing ; and surprise was felt thereat, as it was understood that Thack- eray had volunteered abstinence from so intoxicating a theme, for reasons one needn't be much of a conjuror to appraise the prudence of. But a glance at a page of the print and the cut of the cuts sufficed to tell that the Yankee ingredients, whatever they might be, had small offensiveness for the Jonathan of the present moment, though the first of the two plates, the sermon, and the congre- gation, with its Sambo compartment, and the feminine darkies fanning themselves, seemed to point the other way unmistakably. As to the plot, the possible key to it is a shilling, which unlocks so many store-houses of entertainment, the pleasantest at this moment being Jullien's, whose pot-pouris, however, are scarcely so savoury as hitherto served up by that culinary chef of crotchets, Jetty Treffz having ran her Trab-Trab nearly off its legs at last. Thackeray has taken the needle and graver in his own hand again, illustrated the Virginians himself, the wood being unusually numerous and unusually good ; and the etchings decidedly unique at all events, the second being a material contribu- tion to the mystery of the drama ; for it is not easy to understand whether the horse be a quiz on pre-Raphaelite equine phenomena of the Hunt stud, or is a beau ideal cob of the kind that prevailed when the celebrated journey to Banbury Cross was performed. There is a good deal about pictures in the Virginians, at least a good deal in a few words ; for scarcely a writer living says so much in so small a compass on art subjects ; therein furnishing another evi- dence of the desirability of one knowing some- thing of what one is talking about when it is an object to make others know something of it too -a knowledge fast passing into the category of the lost artB, to judge from present journalistic appearances, including the appearance in the journals of praters on public affairs, men now having assigned to their nothings a column a piece for a dozen «f whom a paragraph of as many lines would have sufficed a dozen years ago. Speaking of art, gossip is active to-day can- vassing the chancea of candidates for the two vacancies among Royal Academy Associates, to .be filled up on Monday. The competitors are understood to number thirty ; but the probabili- ties are equally understood to incline decidedly to Arndell and Philip, so well known for their treatment of dissimilar subjects, or rather two branches of the same subject, quadrupedal and bipedal life in Spain, both painters being occasionally employed together, and with the happiest resulta. Ansdell's election would be a highly ornamental feather in the pictorial plumage of the Liver, ha being a Mer sejan ; originally of the Blue-coat boy ; sub- sequently a house painting journeyman ; after which he journeyed off with a sort of Barnum master of arts all over the continent, sus- taining that individual and himself by cutting out little black paper figures of - whomsoever would pay the small price of the process, in the course of which cut- ting he learned to anatomise a cow, pig, cat, rat, stag, or dog, better than anybody else ex- cept Landseer, the chief difference between whose drawing and his own consists in the drawing of cheques, or rather of the cheques that are drawn for their drawing. But A.'s perspective in that particular promises to equal L.'s present foreground ; the horns of his Andalusian heifers accumulating pecuniary wrinkleB that will rival those of Sir Edwin's Highland deer, or even the nuggetiferaus tails of his Balmoral terriers. Philip, it is to be pre- sumed, will go through Monday's inquisition as one of his Escurialized name and Iberian en- thusiasm ought ; if not, then should the com- mittee be condemned to paint each his own portrait while sitting in the basin of the Trafal- gar-square fountains, and cut off from all access to the umbrella-shop over the way. Another work of art, appealing to an infinitely wider circle than that in the vicinage of ¿he Academy basin aforesaid, comes off in another piece of water, not more pellucid, on the day following, or rather two day«, for, like Dumas' monster drama, it will require forty-eight hours at the least, to get at the denouement, and' nothing to eat all the while. What a bore ! Bore indeed'; and all occasioned by the son of the Thames Tunnel. How is that ? Why this how:-Mr. Brunel couldn't till the last minute make up his mind about his leviathan's launch, and wtien the la3t minute came there could be no Iuncb, not even a tub to a whale in the shape of a sandwich. Nothing to eat for twq days and two nights ! The bard who has lately been" singing "Nothing to Wear" will now find «Nothing to Sat" a much more titillating theme, one that will come closer home to the stomachs, if not to the bosoms of a multitude of families. But cannot edibles be got on the spot? Yes, winkles ui small qui-itities and of considerable antiquity. The place is mud, called the Isle of Dogs, and sid enough to drive any reasonable dog mad to look at even from a distance However, there is no help for it ; consequently everybody must help himself or herself, and then the deities will assist if they are not a little too busy in the east to be looking after the Great Eastern. ' Now is the time to nut crinoline to the test, and in a two- fold fashion. First, will ladies in this case go in such encasement ? Go they will, of course, somehow ; for all the world and his wife and grandmother, and their thirty-first cousins on both sides, will be there :-tickets for the coro- nation of V. R. at Westminster Abbey weren't more eagerly sought for than cards of admission to Scott Russell's yard at Millwall, and all the more eagerly because scarcely anybody knows where or how they are to be got. Indeed, nobody knew anything till twelve o'clock to day, when a few fortunate takers of time by the fore- lock exhibited little pieces of pasteboard, 6 inches by 4, printed all over in red ink, remind- ing one of the lottery in lucky Bish's unlucky days, and prized nearly as highly. The rubi- j cund typography announced that «/the launch will commence on Tuesday, at eleven o'clock, a.m., and will probably last two days. The Directors of the Eastern Steam Navigation Com- pany have not been able, until the moment of issuing this card, to determine the period of launching, and, consequently, have been unable to provide refreshments for visitors." Visitors, therefore, must provide for themselves; and quite enough the feminine portion will havo to do in taking care of the legs and arms of N am- ber One, irrespective of complicated millinery machinery. Difficult indeed will it be to keep out of a natural bustle, without artificial flurry and flouncings. Millwall means muddle and puddle, trudge and sludge, tumble, rumble, fumble, stumble, and grumble unutterable, indescribable, inconceivable, even without rain. But of course there will be rain, and rain at the Isle of Dogs means cats and dogs in the most literal and anti-metaphoric sense. In fact, one's senses would say it netter did anything else there but shower down canine and feline mortality. Still, the greater the disagreeables, the more insuper able the impedimento, the greater the attraction. The pursuit of pleasure, if unaccompanied by present misery, with prospective lumbago, tie doloureux, and bowel complaints, would be alto- gether insipid, and nobody would care for it. But to carry to the launch at Millwall, in November, with the prospect of an al fresco bivouac in that fearful and forlorn region, a press of sail in the shape of crinoline would be a stretch of daring which even the strongest minded of British females would scarcely face if they knew what they had to confront. If, how- ever, they do so resolve, then let each convert her petticoats into a peripatetic pantry for provi- sions. This would be in the manner of the cook in the farce at the Adelphi, who, on leav- ing her place, indignantly desires to " have her things searched," and, accordingly, being taken at her word, her crinoline is overhauled, and is found to be fitted up like a bell-tent at Bala- klava, with a knuckle of ham, hank of herrings, string of onions, a goose, bottle of gin, a coffee biggin, pound of candles, &c;, hooked up all round. Thus availed of, the circumference would be not only'unobjectionable but com- mendable. Thus rigged, each vessel of grace would be a sort of tender, or bomboat, to the great ship, and the dear craft esteemed beyond price by famishing mates of the sterner sex. It might be expedient that such of the bishops as intend to be present should adopt this plan too, for which their canonical costume is so well adapted. If so they would exhibit an eye to the loaves and fishes which even the most anti-episcopal of individuals with an appetite would regard with the keenest sym- pathy, especially towards the usual hour of dinner That the launch of the Great Eastern will be a grand success,* and that the Great Eastern herself will be an equal grand success, in every respect, not forgetting the one most interesting to the shareholders, seems to be the conviction of the scientific and commercial sages who have been flocking to see her these three or four weeks back, and to speculate on her probable future. American visitors in particular are emphatic in their vaticinations of prosperity ; pointing to the fact that increase of size and speed in steamers means increase of custom; that the bigger the ship the greater the eager- ness for berths, and greater the eagerness of passengers to repeat the voyage ; and hence the inference that all who can go will go in the Great Eastern in preference to every other. Brougham is said to have promised Dallas that if she should prove sea-sickness proof, as certain old salts say, he'll take a trip across the Atlantic ere 1858 is out, probably with an early copy of Palmerston's Reform Bill, which the Lord Harry says ought to surpass the sea-serpent, consider- ing its father, not the father of the serpent, but of the other slippery curiosity. Fancy anti- whip-nigger Brougham on the soil of stripes and stars ! If anything could dislocate the Union it would be such an apparition ; but it would be such dislocation, as the festivious frac- ture of ribs from excessive hilarity. All the receptions of all our celebrities would be nothing to his, for there is no Briton, nor dozen Britons put together, half so much admired there as he ; and such was the case even when he appeared to be forgotten here. None, more- over, could so re quite them in kind. He would talk as well, and as long, and as loud, and as wise or as witty, as grave or as droll, upon any one point, or no point at all, as'the best speaker in all the States upon whatever particular sub- ject could be started, from the theology of the Ojibaways to the trigonometry of Texas, from the biography of the obscurest of the pilgrim fathers to the last chemical ingredient used in brightening the drab ia Philadelphia quakers' hats. Nothing in Brougham's extraordinary life is so extraordinary as the way in which he is now freshening up, at four- score, and filling the public mouth once more with hie name as be did forty years ago, when Caroline was Queen, though it was con- trary to order to say God bless her, and by no means treasonable to say the contrary. It is impossible to take up a paper or periodical now without meeting with the name of Brougham, and, what's more, with the universal praise of that name, and, what's more still, with special praise on that point which even his parasites of old shrunk from lauding-his law. Time was when it was a standing joke to say that if he knew a little of that he would know something of everything^. But now the fashion is to say, that much as he7 knows of everything, it is of law he knows most. It is not among laymen this is said ; but among the forensic illuminati, who vow that the wisdom of the wisest amongst them is foolishness compared with his omni- science. -Here'r. the Law Review, out to-day, * Although the failure of the launch of the Levis, than has been some tune known to our readers, it is, nevertheless, somewhat interesting to read the specu- lations and fosslp, previous to that event filled, as ntarly every qutitet's number long has been, with reports of his doings, and raptures about what he intends to do, and records of what some- body or other at one time or other thought he might, could, would, or should have doue. The first article ia a long eulogy on the late Lord Truro, whose pre-eminent virtue, merit, and fortune consisted in knowing Brougham. Then there are numerous articles more or less to the like , tune, one long one by Brougham himself, to Lord Radnor; and, finally, a letter signed tv Member <>f Parliament, ringing the gloiies of Brougham's Birmingham Conference. The only article in which he is not adulated is that on Madeleine Smith, whose trial is pronounced to be a barbarous evidence of the barbaron* jurisprudence of Scotland, whose morals are also dealt with corrosively, apparently for no other reason than that Madeleine got off, though it is admitted the evidence was insufficient to hang hen In Brougham's own article it is curious to note how furiously he repels the joke about his. animosity to the revolution of '48 being caused by his failure to obtain the privileges of French citizenship for his property. One would give a good deal to know what he really thinks of French affairs at this minute, and whether it be with his privity, if not with his pen,-that there occurs in the paper on the late Sir John Stoddard a comparative exculpation of the Indian doings at the expense of the French in the early revolution, the writer saying, " the French atrocities are certainly the more numerous, as having been perpetrated and witnessed un- checked by civilized, nay, highly polished men. It is likewise to be borne in mind th \t we have much more of detail respecting Indian news than French." This is flattering, coming through the pipe of the peace-fifing Bonaparte-trumpet* ing Lord of Cannes. And said by a Templar too. But that's nothing to what other friends of law and order indulge in. The vocabulary of reproach has been ex- hausted on Nena Sahib and the sepoys, but without much credit to our affluence in the blossoms of Billingsgate. Cobbett or O'connell should have been alive to help us to some adjectives that would stick, symbolizing at once the «.Hdractenstics of the assailed and the .. felicitous virulence of the aggressor. Perhaps, however, the enormity of the criminals to be stigmatised would dwarf the powers even of such Brobdignags of vituperation below the requisite standard. One military gentleman to~ day, in a scarlet fury of indignation agiinst the . brigand of Bithoor, exclaims that his conduit is not only " enough to make angels weep, but devils too." This is original, at all events. Lucifer lachrymoso is rather a novel pose plastique for Nicholas ; and that his pensire ness should he occasioned by the impishness of mortals is a further trait that was not sus- pected to belong to the sulpherine sultan's constitution, when the late poet laureite wrote the " Devil's Walk." Well may it be said that the ebonized potentate is no* so black as he's painted ; and to paint him crying would be rather to perplex the Royal Academy, un- less the ghost of Fuseli, with its present sub- - terranean experiences, were to revisit the glimpses of Trafalgar-square for the purpose, with hobgoblin "pencil dipped in earthquake and eclipse." The army oracles are just now shedding sibyline leaves of objurgation on nearly everybody in a fashion which suggest« that the regimental reformers we heard so mach, of had better make haste if they don't intend that their good intentions should contribute to the repair of the trottoir sacred to him of the cloven-hoof aforesaid. A writer in the new number of the monthly organ of the profession, the United Service Magazine, out to-day, talki in a strain that would have produced triangles and cats-o'-nine-tail in the days of the F.M. Here's what he says of the all- popular Civis Romanus himself and of our right well beloved ally L.N.B., because of the latter's attempt to do a little stroke ,of anti-Uncle Tom business, in the regular Legree line, in addition to the Cayenne kidnapping : j' Our navy is only employed in quarters where it is not required, and every opening for useful service is ignored. The slave trade is left to flourish, while Lord Lyons sweeps the pacific Mediterranean with an invincible armada. Lord Palmerston has but one idea, which is to drag England, bound hand and foot, in the wake of the Emperor of the French. We gave France her own way in the Crimea, to the humiliation and degradation of the English flag. We have allowed her to bully us in Constantinople, and snub us in the Principalities; she is now, through her official Press, exulting over our disasters in India ; and, as a last disgrace, we permit her to open the slave trade." This iff respectful, certainly, considering it comes from ~ the mouthpiece of a body with whom respect for all constituted authorities is the first principle of conduct. 'A similar shower of ink is shed on various ob« jects obnoxious to the ted writer, beginning with that old target, the Albert hat, which grows more hideous the longer we look at it, and ending with an indisc.iminate fusillade upon all the great guns in Canon-row, apropos of Lord Canning and all things controlled by him and his in India. Thus, speaking of the " cold shade" in that torrid zone, it is said :-" In this land of Brahmins wa had restricted caste to the sepoys; in the royal Indian army it is un- known ; and where energy and genius were re- quired, where movements were to ~be effected promptly and vigorously, no lords or honour ables stopped theway. It is a remarkable and pregnant fact that the men of this great contest, who have stood between England and ruin, covering her name with glory when it seemed humbled in the dust, are, without a single excep- tion, all of plebeian origin, and the so-much vaunted ones with handles to their, names, who flooded the Crimea, take no place with our Havelocks, Nicholsons, Eyres, Chamberlains, Lawrences, and Van CorÜands. The only court soldier on the ground broke down before a shot , was fired." Alack, poor Anson:-pride of clubs, long prince of short whist, soundest of the stable- minded of Tattersalls corner, knowingestof all knowingtnenabout town-it is thus you are disposed of as ignominiously as one of our own defunct hunters, all because you didn't escape the cholera, which assuredly you would if you could, or if. good living were an antidote to that kind of death. Well may mutiny among the British be among the gravest of Canning's gravities when this is the sort of language held by professional preachers of discipline at home. I _ A much more alarming indiscretion, however, is that by poor old General Lloyd, of Dinapore . disaster, who, through his brother, a parson here' at home, has set forth a defence which awfully » inculpates others, if it do not exculpate himself, , To have a British general testifying to the ppl- J troonery of his own troops would inde»d dainty dish to lay .before the King of Delhi; '.his,.;' Majesty of Oude -would dispense .with hisown^ sauce for a month's dinner after so piquant, ¿J.1, relish ; and as for Nena, he would give a atjeuntr * I à ia fourchette to all the tigers and wild cats within the circle of hie acquaintance. 