HITHTING- INTELLIGENCE. 3ixinioi7i£3r£ itcxJXE xtoinras. ? Bt Nimhou's Ghost. Hoy I for cap,' 'pink,' breeches, aud tops I for tho senson for sylvan shorts has again corao round, and the hills, gullies, nnd foroats ahnll echo with tho cheorf a\ notes of— ? ,-. ? ? ' Tlio merry horn, and braying hound.' ; Hey ! for the noble stewls thnt fearlessly bound''* Throuirh buih and bopr, ????? f '?'??' ' O'er fence and log — ' And, hoy 1 for tho bold horsomen who throw care to luo winus, anu uuiuiy juuuw vnu nyiiig gaiao an'i eagor hounds across euch break-nook country as iu cooler mo ments thoy would hositato tOBhnpo ut. Huy I for tho ' ' spotted boautios ' whoso melodious chorus tiuickons the lifo blood of true spnrtsmou into rosponsivo gushing delight, and whoso united ])cr6ovo ranco aftor their quarry suts an oxamplo to bipeds in thoir own every day pursuits 1, Iloy 1 for the gallant JIaator, ever fort most in tho field, to cheer his hounds, andshow tho way to his ad miring compeers. Faugh-a-bailajh 1 is his war cry, and woo bolide tho 'muff '? that crosses him. ? And, hey I (as a lasfpronu) for tho ' Johnny Eaws.' who would fain bo hunters, but lack both human and oquino ouorgi to aohiovo tho position thoy aim nt.- So long as they know their 7-lnco, thoir company is a treat to tho ' dons,' for thoir farcical pcrformancon. nrj ? this same roliot to the initiated as is comedy to tho logitima* e . drama I .. With joy, indeed, dooj Nimrod'sGhoBt rosnmo his poi t as chronicler of tho 'Melbourne Hurt Doingj ; ' and ho only hopes that his effusions will bo ai wal mly wol comod this soaaiin as they woro tho last, by iho'o distant friends whoso ' hcarta aro with us always,' but are per forco oantont to follow tho ' darlings ' in iiuagiiiation only. To relate all ' ? ' Moving accidents of flood nnd Held' would be an impossiblo task, for tho psco of tho M.H.C. pack, ' the gonoral rom/hncss cf tho country, and tho Blrongth of tho moetn, would uttorly )-rovcnt ovory view, check, aolf-mido caat, olover lift, bold jump, ob etiniitA liiuiltr. lt1i-.*r*i'R3 nntll. mill otlinr Rnr'nns r.r nim.fiil incidentB u( tho vorfurmanco to bowituesBodorrecovdutl. However, liko hia famous prototype Capt. Apperly, (tho 'Niinrod' par oxocllonoo,) tho shade of that great est of hunting historians rides goncrally woll in tho rear, and thorchy manages to boo, . if not Bhtro in, tho cream of tho fun. Thus much for proamble— and now to business. . On Saturday afternoon last was tho firat publio meet of tho hounds, and tho advertise 1 try«t tho Jfov,- Bath hotel, St. ICilda. By about ono o'clock, tho Itolbourno citizens, and moro especially the new chums, woro tnkon by surprise at tut appearance, of sundry well- mo'inted cavah'ors in nnmacuiato pink and ct cctoras, and tlio bosom of many a shopman bounded 'ready to bmt' within hia ? waistcoat na ho enviously rcgaidnd 'tho Bvollsngoiug an 'unting.' Thoroailto St. Kildawnn dotted every hundred yards with horsoinon of every calibre ; B nno, ovidoiit ' first flightors,' others, iu that ROtt of half ? oustumo wliioh left thoir. prctonsiona undo oided, nud a largo majority iu ouch undonbblo!in'#(i' at stamped thorn at ouoo as mere novices. On reaching tho gathering ground, a largo muster was found ausom b oil boforo tho ' hotel, a-.d a oritical cyo could not but woudor if somo of tho quudrupoi's bestridden woro really intended to bo set going by thoir tomporary owners without a previous call at aoino insurance ofliuo. Novortheles'', thoro woro in tho numerous groups somo steeds of fame, nnd riders tlioroou wlioso needs of prowoso will over be remembered in tlio hunting Cold. Uomua, . Hambler, Seventy-four, Post nnd Kails, Woo Mickey, Kiuchon, Hobby, Harlequin. Popgorsthc Wcazel, Young llookot, and other oqunl colobritiw, de find nil timbar 'obstacles.' as tho laouusoers havo it ; md-BOVoral likoly young 'uris- looked future nbl« iiunters. : . ' . , . ? . ? . . . Punctually nt two o'olook the hounds wcro trotted up, iiudor thu ohargo of Aliok, the kennel manngor, aiid tho now whip, Frod. On looking ovor the tjaolc, it waa 'ratifying to mark their indlvidnal condition, and tho increase, in number*. Somo of tho ' now entries ' nro romarkably well liiodo doga, aud evince not only caro in tho broeding, but tho utmost attention iu tho uringing up. Considering that tho long-continued dry woather has been moet nnfavour.tblo for giving duo exercise, it wnB Eurpriaing to note thoir muscular and wiry appear ance ; and if Alick continues tho eauie diligenco nt tho now and more commodious kennels boing oroct?d, the II. 11. O. pack will be tho pride of Australia. Tho pro sent Btrongtn ot Hunting nounun is iwoniy coupion, aim tho worthy Maatov has takou biuli pains in thviiv boIoo tion nud cduoation, that they run remarkably oven and true, . , ; ??..-:. After partaking of a comfortable 'fnaolc,' providod by mine host Johnson, nud wnBhiug down tho same with a duo modicum of jumping -powder, tho word was given to mount, nud the ' tooroo-roo-roo'roo ' of the iniiB'or'B. horuwiB loudly rospondod to by tho deep voioen of tho oldor d('gs. ' Kow thon, bojs!' cried Mr. Watson, 'lot's s*}ofc to work!', and, with tho paok crowding at Us horio's licols, ho led tho way along tho beach. Somo few loiterers logged boliiud for a final nobblor or. two, thoir spirits requiring it littlo Dutch addition, but tho fiold at tho Btart mimborod some fiity equestrians. After crossing tho crook near the Bind, tho hounds wore thrown forward on tho largo flat botn-con tho coast and the Brighton road, and soon picked up tho Eoent of a layman, that |ind boon turned out lnlf-an-honr previously to insure a good run. So suddenly did tho 'bouutiod' ouou on tho tinil, that many c! tho uninitiated ivoro cmnplotoly takon by aur priso,' and found thoir nags galloping away with thoin bofoi'ii thoy know what was up to causo the oxcitouicnt. iioino were iii tho act of Bhortenihg stirrups, pulling up gUthf, knotting rolnn, or tying down thoir 'ohimnoy pots,' iuid nilly willy thoy had to plouj-h away until tho hoavy.iuarsli'thfct skirt* tho road gave thorn a ohanco to Ond tbeir soihcb and roinB, and take n pull. Aorosn.th-1 road, through tho rough ground nnd trcos, ? up n long cart' traokv and thon out on tho heath, tho ouvnlcndo dashoil aftor tho pack, tho pneo loing hbi- oluto raoinf, and tulliug itutalo on tho outnidora i:i t'o first couplo of milts. ' Voioks 1 at him,' soreauied tlio Slaottr, as tho lino soomod to bo across the swamp below.' Jur, Iviiik'o, nnd bo to lead ovor tho fonuod connliy towards Choltou Imin, for plain going ia hardly to his tasto. tut, jusl as all soomed to favour hi.i wislus, tho pnok tul-nod quiolily to the left, and throw up foraoouploof Eocondu. Wisely loaving thorn to thoir own devices, n whiinpor from UauntloeS' Boibu attracted asaistanco, nnd: in a ' braoo of shiikes ' all won. rattling away at twenty miloa an hour. Up the liill, aoiosa tho Upper Dandeiione road, down to tho Uaidiimrs Creek and up another Btiff broathor, tho houndi lod tho way, tho inaBtor being closo at their btorns, mid chooiinn thoin lustily on, lest tho- varmint Bhould stoal too long a march. About bU mUoa had nbw been 00 verod, and tho fiold waa aomewhnt reduood, though tho oiitlro abaenno of fences had idluwed all those who could or i\ o'ald gullop' ia] bo thercabiuts. Now, however, a .short chook oconrrod on.tho qdgo of an enclosed country, 'and it wosVoar that If the ruh'obritinuod,1 thoi-o must be ' braising work. ,With scarce a momnnt's liesitatioh.'Mr'i' ;Watsbn led on to i^ lanb,: down which ho had not trottbd throo hundrod yards boforo the^cbrit- was hit-ibff.'and' with a crash of :musio,,tho liomids bouiidod ovor thb rails ,to tho,risht. Quioldy wa3 Sovonty-Four put ovor after ,'honi,' Comus, Rambler, and Blodcaty following immo ,dlato suito. Harlequin, or Snowy Jfouiitains as ho is; of toner called, w»b liero the first to 60mb to'griof, giving lumsolf and ridor n coinploto purlbr, but so smnahing tho timbor down (hat it was a meroyibotli woro not nddon ovor in tho rush made at tlio gap they had 'caused.' Tho jump,' cortainly, was a vory awkward ono,' thoro being a giip:spmb sovonbr oight foot from the ' tako-off, nnd soinelog3pn tho landing sidoi From this point thoro woro n 'sticcosslon of post-and-railors for aonio^distanco.and tlio 'first- flight mon' had tho op nprtimlty of showing thoir'mbttlo. ' Sovonlyfour.'Bam blor, Coinus, Pop, Mickoy; Young Rookot, and a colt called Folcoaway, boing in the van nil tho way, and either topping thoir loapa or smashing atop rail, nsluck ,or judgment might havo it.' On roaching tho thick scrub, noar .Oaklelgh, Rambler caino ' to mbmontary grief over a atump,' but was Boon aot going ogain, no_ harm , being ? dono to horsj or man. At tins Tpniut, .it was buoIi hollows to inend with spvorarqua-lrupcds'andbiplds, thnt moro thnn* dozen pulled olf, and madb for, homo.. Tho quarry, howovor,' Reomeu to havo hnd no regard for tho condition of his pnr-' iBUors, for ho lod tho croam of tlio fiold ninorry danco pnddook, to a hut in.thb roar of .Littlo 'Hrighton.whero: tho gamo varmint was run to ground, a'.ter a olidid of moro than fonrtoen. miles as the orow flies, and that lasted hiariy. two hours. ' ... ? '; As:it was just coming on to rain, ,the best of tho ytiy. home wub mado iinmodiatoly, every ono who3o opinion is of any valuo boing satisfied with tho capital snort af fordod, and conviucod of thb oxcollonco of tho phokV thoir Mastor, tho M.* H. O. in goneral,, and themsolvcs m partioular; . ,, . . ... .'?' ; ; .',;-; Thoro was some good riding displayod '.during tho afternoon, audi tho ' Ghost' took partioular delight in noting ? tho go ot . the sporbing littlo blacksmith, and amateur flat-raco jjock, on Pop, and that noat pigskin nrtiHto, Snin W. on young Rockot. Another auoh turn fort'vo would mako thoin dUgustod with galloping on smooth ground. . ? ' ' It w.13 gratifying to notice tho ploasuro hnd .pinole' ovmood by n gallant East Indian oflicor, who,' however aeoustomed to pig-stickin? in the jungle, had novor bo fore encnuntorcd the wild, rough, aud ohanging country, thnt lias to bo crossed in our metropolitan hunts; ' Why. somo of our garrison officers, who lmvo liad tho oompn mont pnid them of boiug ploctcd honorary mombcrfl of tho M. II. 0., do not sometimes show nt tho oovort sido, is surprieing to ' Nimrod's Ghost.' . ? ; ? Thia Saturday's mortis at tho ChoHonhnm hotel, whero broakrast will bo on tho tablo at half -past seven';' and next Thursday's tryst is at Oakloidh, at'nino. At both plaeO3 thoro aro kangaroo quito haridy.'and tho hunting an absoluto luxury to onjoy. , ?;.'?'' ; Htr.NTlso on Ballaahat.— During tho wholo of laat winter, and such of this ai has already pasaod, there havo boon many talkingo about oatabliahiug a hunt blub,' but nothing baa boon dono. . Mr. G.: O. Morton, of Dowliiig Forest, has at lost madb a commencement,* and practically , initiator] H10 affair. . About a dozen goutlo lhcn' started yostbrday (Tuesday) morhing from' tlio Goor^o irptcl, with eloven dogs (biipplod by Jlr. Mor ton), in the direction of IJullnrook Forest; nnd on arri ving at tho Springs, about nino milos out, a fino kangaroo broko cover, ond was followed about four miles further duty when it wna killed near a Bplitter's hut in Bullarook Forest. .Another was stattcd Boon after, but tho dogs being unaccustomed to tho work, got fatigued, and lot their proy go. The party thon turned thoir horsos homewards, and Btartod nnothor kangaroo, which thoy followed, but lost again. *. Aftor an oxtromoly pleasant day, Iho party, supp!omcrited l-y otliors, mot at tho George Hotel, at Jlr. Morton's invitation, nnd fiuisliod tho affair ovor a woli-spread dinnor-tablo. Wo understand that Mr. Triflit hos volunteered* to. 'follow' Mr. Morton's example in thb oourso of uoxt week, nnd it ia highly probable something practical will bo ovolvod from tho affair.— Ualtaarat Star. : 