_ aflntpg Intelligence . Watbeujo Flat.—One of the bank* purchased Saturday an dghtecn ounce nugget procured Waterloo Flat. One or two more holes have ftw&whibt; there J»veai»o been inanydnfiers hottflmod, The populition i» «till inereasiug, but idiqihording is r^her too muoh tlie fnshion. The genend oninioo is that* good lesd is going to wirab^ 'gmMttiiull! panels of gold have ^ purcha^ibomWatcrloo. , Th« Uudit Esfer.—The aome party who J umped * claim on the hill a ahort dma batk, and Who lost their esse when brought before th<^ Warden and assessore, have again jumped the . JS»c Warden is obliged to attend % Cartlcmainc Senions, so postpones «4) u< ¥" «ltfag to the caie till ntxt week. It is i ray that anything oonld have pceurrad dnoe the last dociaion to alter the &cU; of die ewe, •*>« H In monstrous that claims of roeh » value to X5,000—should be sul.icct to such attacks. IIavelock. — A constderahle rush was made yesterday tothe liuxl Hills, some half-a-mile distant from Havelock, The sinking is shnllow, but very hard. We are given to understand that the prospector* obtained 4 dwt. to a tub, and have two feet of wash dirt. We are glsd to say that there are shrns of improvement throughout the enUre district. More Iphl was onenng on Saturday last than has been for some months past, , Wild Dog had, true to its wonted style, again shown signs of huiguishment and dullntsw, and the fearful catastroirfie of last Week added to the doom which had already began to prevail. On l'hursday, however, parties went into a serted shaft and commenced driving; they shortly succeeded in obtaining a 20-or. 2-d\rt. nugget, «|d 7 dwta. from two tubs of wash dirt. Tills, added to aeveral other ftnuii, is likely again to in> spire new life into the " wild dt^a," ^ the rush of extraordinary rich- I ar the Cochran's road. The amount of gold said to have been obtained is almost fabulous. This statement must he received with caution, as" it may have arisen from the feet vt a reef at die head of Wattle Flat, having lately yielded some good stone, a portion of which wc inspected. Unfortunately the pereevering prospectors have been compelled to relinquish it for the present from their inability to get the stone crushed when raised, there being no crushing mill nearer than Burnt or Sandy Creeks. Some quart* they managed to crush in a vety primitive «Wle ty hand, vidded 17 dwta* and, doubtless, ifa marine was erected a|ayablereef would be the result. Moliagul is increasing its population 5 but why —is the subject of general wonder amongst ita residents. Nothing new has transpired, although those who know the ground are doing well. Kingower is supporting a moderately tow population, and nuggets are every now and then pesenting themselves, which infuse new vigor into many drooptog and onlueky spirits. Mclntyre's is decidedly the most prosperous of the three. During the last week serein! nuggets from i Oz. to 10 oar ha\~e been obtained. A point in the flat is thewi^Ktefii^Meeessfii] operations. The blacksmith's party washed nearly two loads for S dwts., but at last a 11 oz. nugget made its appearance, and or course rewarded them well for their labour. We know of one party who has lately obtained a nugget of is lbs. As eecettiou to the population has taken place from Jordan* and Jericho, which are just now in something like their death thnxs, and if the present depopulation continnes are likely soon to yield up the ghost. Hy the bye, what a splendid chance for our "mile square" gentlemen. If the present "unoccupied" ground is supposed to be " worked out," thai indeed is there a capital field for their operations in this eiteneivc district. Ke»eit Basukt o» <3o»no* Gou>riKi.D.— The correspondent of the Unlhrat Tinm, writing from this new qnarW gold-field, gives the following particulars:—" This gold-field is now being •omewhat more actively worked than at first. The advent of'fresh hiinde,* end the consequent jumping of dormant shares, have convinced would-be shepherds that they must work or forfeit- Some new reefs of great promise have been «sied within the last week, among which the Homeward Bound stands prominent in point of yield; the epeeimens beiiuj ncher than any I have eeen, not even ciccpting Kangaroo Bob's famous ones. A great number of claims upon it have bees takes up, and are being vigorously worked. Bee£ though weli worked, is" being but ly developed 1 No. 1, North, being the only one (exoept Bob's) that has stnick die reef. Parker's Beef continues to go a-head gloiiousiy, and paddocks of hirfily auriferous quartz are dailv aocumulating. OppMButn Beef is in high ertimatkin, each sucoiding shaft " reefed," tending to eialt its already great refute. The Union Jack has about four shaft* in working order. Some of the specimens are " respectable" enough at all events quite sufficient to render the shareholders sanguine of ultimate success, llcspecting the Lone Star and Leviathan, very little can be •aid at present; but the initiated seem to think the quart* of most promising appearance. Other recfe, of no fixed name, have lately been opened, and continue to attract considerable attention. Altogether the district is most promising. There is now a police force established, and it is to be hoped that good order will prevail. Quafira Crdshiss.—The Miner's Bight, in an article on Quartz-crushiug, states the following facts respecting the performances of the Castlemaine Chilian Jlill, which, with four rollers and a ten-horee power, crushes eight tons of quartz in : twenty-four hours:—•* Stone from the Manchester j Reef, crushed at this mill, has yielded from three to live ounoes to the ton. Daniels' Beef, within tlie township, has averaged one ounce per ton. litte Bendigo has yielded from fifteen pennyweights to one ounce per ton Baker's Claim, Specimen Gully, has netted four ounces to the ton; and Pennyweight cement as gone as high as fifteen ounces to the ton." Tlie Colin Campbell Mill at Forest Creek, with stampers, crushes fourteen to sixteen tons in the same time; but a large quantity of stuff has been sent to Castleraawe, on the supposition that, where the gold was fine, rollers saved more than the stampers. 