THE WEDDING RING: A GHOST STORY. BY MILES GERALD KEON. (FROM THE ILLUSTRATED NEWS.) A large gaunt house stood at the cornet of two streets of London. The fire was blazing with such great flashes up the wide chimney that, by common consent, all the lights, save one shaded dinner-lamp, remained still unused. A "horse- shoe" table stood near the hearth. Sprite-like, the shadows flitted capriciously in the more distant parts of a large and even noble room, furnished, how- ever, in an antiquated fashion, and with ar- ticles, many of which, if once splendid, were now dingy ; the gilding of the cornice, for example, being tarnished, and the brass bind- ing of the huge old sideboard having sprang here and there from its fastenings. The jagged ends, which had thus come to stand out, had torn an occasional dress ; but that was not all for which they were remarkable. Though the house was strongly built, it had a peculiarity which the architect might have explained, and to him we leave ,the expla- nation. When the winds of the equinoctial time, or any great tempest, shook the whole street, there was not, in it a house which had less to fear for its overthrow than this old building. It was a curious, indefinable motion, which went like a thrill or a shudder through all parts of the dwelling. And in this great room in,particu- lar, a room on the ground floor, extending beyond the hall, the effect was peculiar ; and especially at and about the antique sideboard, along whose brass binding, liberated in part, as we have said, from its original constraints, there ran a humming vibratory cadence, upon a stormy night, as if, in this spot, the powers of the air had an accomplice and partisan, holding watch within doors, and exchanging signals with them, when they roared and screamed over the roof, and beat at the win- dows, and tried the whole system of the walls with furious buffets. Altogether, people who knew the house, wondered why the master of it would not make it new and gay. A few modern alterations would turn it into so splendid a mansion. But, of course he best understood what pleased Himself, and, he merely kept it in order, but changed it in nothing. He was present now, at one side of the fire- place; that which commanded a view of the door, half-reclining in a capacious, arm-chair, and a dumb-waiter beside him. On this little table were some fruit plates and glasses. Several other persons, all of the robuster sex, formed a semicircle round the hearth; and behind them stood a large table bearing the after dinner dessert. A young man between whom and another guest there was also a dumb-waiter, similarly furnished, sat in the corner opposite to the master of the house. Though it was Christmas-eve, this youth was gloomy. "Upon my word, Thomas Hedingham," said the host, "my young friend, you are charming to-night. One would think it is not the night it is. Here we are, comfortably enough contented, and surrounded with, friends—real confidential friends—on the jolliest night in all the English year, and may I be hanged if you don't look as though you were going to be hanged yourself." "Drink your wine, sir," said Mr. Ruscome, in a deep voice, and with imperiousness quivering out of a double chin. " I have been for more years than you can count in your life a partner in our worthy host's thriving, and, though I say it, great and powerful com- mercial house. And, I maintain it his com- mercial house is such that his domestic house has a right to be cheerful. Drink your wine, sir." "Have you seen a ghost?" said another partner of that ancient firm. " They grow about this time of year. Our worthy host, Mr. Blamfydd, knows something about ghosts." "Well," said Mr. Blamfydd, I need not say that I am no ghost-hunter, or ghost- fancier, or ghost-seer in the ordinary accepta- tion ; but to show our young friend yonder— who is impatient to depart, without knowing whither he would go—that it may not be such waste of his time as he supposes to listen to an old man's tale ; before turning his back upon a destiny of which he little dreams, I will tell you a passage of my own life. Hed ingham rose to leave the room. At this moment the tempest, which had been in a sort of lull, awoke and lifted itself into a paroxysm which shook the dying year with its violence, and made the ambient and solid edifice tremble and shudder in every joint. The door opened slowly, while a cold rush of wind entered the apartment ; and some other and distant door in the establish- ment was heard to shut with a sound like thunder, and with long reverberations, which seemed to fly through the edifice on missions of consternation. But this straggling cohort of the outer storm was not the only thing which entered the room where good guests were enjoying the eve of a "good time." A lovely girl, some 19 years of age, of fair com- plexion and an exuberant wealth of light brown hair, with the illusions and enchant- ments of youth in the tenderness of her blue eye—yet (as the old man whom Gil Blas met in the Andalusian hostelry would have said) with many events written already upon her radiant countenance—stood suddenly, like a vision, or shone like a star, in the midst of the threshold. Hedingham, a little on one side and she where she had come, remained for an instant confronting each other. He became pale : she after a moment of surprise—her large blue eyes growing still larger and more luminous under the black lashes—exclaimed :— "Oh ! Mr. Blamfydd, do not believe ! It is they—upstairs—this is a strange Christmas prank." The door closed, and the room seemed colder and darker for her absence. "A strange Christmas prank, indeed!" echoed Sir Thomas Hedingham (for the gen- tleman, though so young, was a baronet of thirteen months standing) : "And so, Mr. Blamfydd," added he, with concentrated wrath, " all is of your contrivance." " All, sir, all. And now sit down and learn more than you look for." Unobserved in the excitement of a, minute or two, the same curious sound which had been heard in the earlier part of the evening, quivered faintly yet distinctly round the old sideboard, as Hedingham strode by it, and went to resume his seat, with eyes di- lated to an expression almost equally blended of anger and curiosity, and turned intently upon his host. " There lived in a withered dwelling, not far from my father's house, a couple, whose for- lorn ago was consoled by the sweetness and goodness of an exquisitely-beautiful girl, their only child. Ancient and noteworthy was the family ; but so fallen from its pristine condition, that its present generation could not afford fires sufficient in their house to keep the mildew out of its inner walls. Some- how the parents contrived, in spite of this grinding penury, to give their daughter an education from which she drew more even than the commensurate advantages. Those attractions and blandishments of person which, in her, exercised their invariable power, were but a type of the beauties of her heart, and of the charms of her intelligence themselves a type of something higher and more imperishable still ' beyond the flaming walls of the world' {extra flammantia mænia mundi). I fell, at that epoch of my life, into a —a—Ruscome——can yon help me to a word ?" " Well, I think I can, Mr. Principal : sup- pose we say a fit of illness." "Then we should not say what was very exact. This young lady of whom I speak (now not a young lady—now not living) I need not very minutely describe." ' Why not, sir?" demanded Thomas Hedingham. " You are listening, are you ? Because she was the living archetype of Agnes Winmere ; and of her you can judge for yourself; she stood but now on that ancient, that memo- rable threshold ! of her we all can judge." "You have not mentioned the name of the other young lady, now not young, now not living," interposed Thomas Hedingham. "Her name !" resumed Blamfydd."Her name also was Agnes—Agnes Chatsworth." "Who was she?" " Merely mother to this Agnes." "She was !" " At this epoch of my life I fell into a—a— can you, Tom (since Mr. Ruscome has failed) —can you—about whom I have felt a solici- tude, not understood by him who was chiefly interested-can you help me to a word ?" "You fell, for all I know," answered that young gentleman, " into a very great and con- fused whirlpool of love ; and there came of it but little to laugh for." "It waa just so,"proceeded the host. "I was desperately enamored of our fair neigh- bor. As I am almost quite bald, you have to learn that I possessed once a very luxuriant allowance of fine brown hair, which I kept in due condition. I am now a time beaten and austere-featured man. I was then allowed to be handsome. I was as good-looking as Thomas Hedingham is at this moment, with an obably rather more than his present share of knowledge of the world, and of the art de se faire valoir, or, in plain old English, the art of making the most of oneself. the dilapidated duelling of the Chatsworths stood between my father's house and the mansion of the Win- mere family—about half-way ; and there, in that decayed abode, shone the fair light of Agnes, in the broken lamp of a ruined, but still respected, because ancient, family resi- dence. it will readily be supposed that the last of the Chatsworths had numerous suitors. Among them was young Winmere, a desperate profligate. He was my only formidable rival. Agnes preferred him. When I found this to be the fact—no matter what I felt—here I am ; but I said that she had made a great mistake "I am telling true things ; therefore I will add that I had no idea how great that mlstake was. A curious incident occurred. young Winmere, misinterpreting the exterior tran- quillity, which proceeded from a philosophic mind, asked me one day to dine at an inn, and, after dinner, being flashed with wine, laid the forefinger of his right hand upon his nose, and imparted to me the sublime fact, that he was only fooling Agnes, that his social position made it of course absurd;-that is criminal, according to his views-to think of such an alliance; and that what he intended was, not the impropriety of a marriage with such a girl, but the pleasantry of her ruin. " What did you do then, sir?" cried Hed- ingham, " My course then, young man, was what yours would have been. It was that of pro- ceeding, at once, and right on, to a great crime. I know not by what infatuation of confidence or vanity Winmere was led to make that confession, and to make it to me But our dinner, glided off, like a dissolving view into a duel the next morning. It was in a neighboring orchard. I was hit in the ribs and I have the mark to this day. Curiously enough the forefinger which he had laid upon his nose was shot off; he could never more fire a pistol with precision, unless be gave the left side to his opponent. The seconds pro- nounced that affair, over. Unable to write, sent a verbal warning to Agnes, by my own mother, and before I rose from my sick bed I heard of her marriage with Winmere. " In course of time I also heard of the birth of her daughter,—the young lady who, but now, stood in the doorway of this room. "In order to be very brief, I will tell you certain facts, without troubling you with the ways, marvellous though they be, in which I afterwards learnt them. Study the game of the Twenty Questions, and you will solve the mystery. " The extraordinary endowments of Agnes both personal and mental, would have made such a wife an ornament to a Duke ; nay, a help to him, or even to an Emperor, to say no more about ornament. But our amiable friend Winmere was fastidious. This was his town- house, which I hold, though not very long, by purchase. When he closed the bargain with my agent, he little guessed to whom he was selling the place. I have his signature to the contract; and I may say it would be better written, in point of caligraphy, only he wanted a finger through former interference of the pistol of the unknown buyer. Well, he did not treat poor Agnes as she merited. He recognised in her no ornament, or help. For example, he had a habit of beat- ing her. You perceive that the brass binding of that old sideboard is loosened; and hark, at this very moment it is emitting a peculiar noise, a sort of wailing song, which it learned on first acquiring its vagabond manumission from the enforced mechanical decorum with which it formerly clove to the old wood, and clung to its place. A blow which would have been death fell on the sideboard instead of falling on the wife, all owing to the inopportune and unexpected frenzy of assistance which the lovely ohild whom you have just beheld brought to her mother. And that quaint old mountain of furniture talks, mutters, sings, and moans, ever since in a style quite dis- traught and tremulous, and terror-stricken. Immediately afterwards Mr. and Mrs. Win- mere, with their only child Agnes, went to the country, and dwelt in a little cottage, which the husband of my escaped, evanished, ruined Egerin had procured. One day, in this spot, she was weeping over letter, when Winmere came suddenly in the room. I must mention that the marrlage with Agnes had been a very private transac- tion. there had been no wedding, none of the customary festivities. With the excep- tion of the parents of the unhappy girl, the parson who officiated, his old clerk or sexton, and two special witnesses, not a soul was present at the celebration of the event. The whole company, you will observe, made eight persons, including the bride and bride- groom. Of these eight persona three only were young—Mr. Winmere, about my age (at that jocund era of my days,) Agnes, and one of the signatory witnesses, a man named William Austin. This individual was Win- mere's own body-servant or valet. His col- league In the office of attestation was not, like him, young—it was the poor dear bride's nurse, Jane Saunders-then past sixty. As for the parson, he was at that epoch an octo- genarian, and he died the next year, in the spring, being followed into futurity by his dotard sexton the very autumn succeeding. No sooner was the ceremony over than the wedded couple went off to Wales ; and I will do Winmere the justice to say that he treated his wife well and fondly for the first three or four weeks. His barbarities commenced not till the second month. What is very singular is, that so far from interposing any difficul- ties to the poor girl's possible communication of complaints or repinings to her aged parents, he seemed to favor that proceeding in every conceivable manner. Sometimes, after a couple of months of systematic and unintermitted persecution, such as a husband, if so inclined (and, if so inclined, such as a wife also), can, by nameless nothings, inflict upon a partner for life—for life, indeed, yet in such cases, not necessarily for long—he would oddly enough, suggest a visit on the part of poor Agnes, unaccompanied, to her father and mother, who were now fast de- scending together to an aged grave amid the desolations of Chatsworth Grange. Whatever Mr. Winmere's motive was appears more clearly to the All- Seeing Ruler than it ap- peared to Agnes. It was when the present Agnes was about twelve years of age that her grandparents died, the widow surviving Chatsworth not quite three months. For some years she used to weep a good deal, and her eyes were not dry till they were closed for ever, for she had set much store about the fate of the only child she had ever had, I may just allude , to it. The preference of Agnes Chatsworth for Charles Winmere over Harry Blamfydd was never sanctioned by any similar predilec- tion of her parents. Borrow yielded its con- sent ; fear superseded the sorrow ; death re- lieved both feelings ; and Agnes Winmere was an orphan wife, to whom her peculiar hus- band was no countervailing solace. ' Remem ter, my dear child," the mother had sall her on'the wedding-day, 'though you manied to a rioh man, your only prop now is that plain gold ring, and a mott prayers.' ( I "Winmere, who heard thia valediot muttered something about 'those who nice in selecting inveatmenta ought to be, always are, caieful in the matter of seoun "Now I must return to the letter) w] Agnes, whilo still in mourning for her part held in her hands, when Winmero suädi entered the room. | " ' What are you whimpering aboutît' c i " ' Nothing. Charles ; only an ill-spelt, huui [ ble letter, telling me that Jane Saunders, my old nuiee, is dead.' , 1 " ' Saunders ! Jane-Jane 1 That was lone of i the witnesses, was she not ? ' ¡ 1 . "'.Witness to what? She was'my nurse. I Surely you must remember her. She waB at our wedding-I mean our marriage-in the I old priory church.' j 1 " ' I do remember. It was she who delayed I your getting into the carriage, having still a i lot of embraces to do, and so on ? ' i , " ' She will never delay me again, from any i journey, She has gone herself; and, oh, Charles, Charles, ehe cannot come back ! ' i " 'Hum ! ' muttered he, leaving the room. " Holy Writ tells UB, my dear younker, Tom, that ' with desolation is the whole earth laid i desolate,'because there is no one who think ctb, in his heart.' And some little incidents occurred immediately which illustrate the value of (to use an old term) this inspired * documentum.' And the mother of, Agnes waa (poor girl!) no very great thinker-forgive a chance' phrase, gentlemen; the lady whom I have, for,the second time, termed a girl, is, thiB long while, dead and gone: and I 'am, I see, half unfit to tell my story." ' " I never thought you more fit to toll any- thing," said Hedingham, with > prompt in« "Well, nature makes yon her spokesman, lad," replied Blamfydd, "and as my remi- . niscences, such as they may bo, bear upon tho coming events of this very ovening-tho eventBj I say, of this particular OhriBtmaa'-eve, I will despatch, them off-hand in thejmoafc straightforward manner I can. Agnes-that [ÏB tho first Agnes-- waa not; oerhata ^Xamkax' but sue uZt ttOñé -Wings' which women often! nave, and men not seldom ; feelings which [ moko them note (they could not say with what views) certain occurrences more than others, and remember them more distinctly (they could not say for what reason). Thuj a mother, with her child, shall go aboard a ship bound for a long voyage, and perhaps eho shall Boicot hoi cabin, and theo, ghq takos an unaccountable aversion to the vessel; and returns on shore, and tells her friends she will . not go by that craft. And this may happen, by repetition, two or three timjäs on the on?. ''occasion : and'ultimately the mother stays \- behind with her child. A few days afterwards the news of the wreck of the ship, and of the j loss of all hands on board, startles the public for a moment, and fills a few1, housoholda with more permanent and more painful emo- tions ; lint there is one family 'on ita knees in' perplexed and bewildered thanksgiving, asking itself, ' can such warnings really be 2' 1 and humbly praying for those who havo cona too suddenly to an endless condition, whlob. none of themselves have been called ,to share. "But what is moro curious, more sug- gestive, and more calculated to 'giveùs pause,' is this : that impressions not at all dissimilar to the vague feelings to which I Have just ad . verted often take possesâion of the mind in frucluously. No visible good comes of them ; no assignable rescue or extrication occurs to excuse the amiability of the post hóc.ergopro¡}ter hoc sophism. Such were the feelings or ira piessions with which Agnes, having told her husband of the old nurse's death,|viewed ona or two little incidonts that ! now took place. The first was very simple.. It wa3 only that ; William Austin, ;Mr. Win mere's valet, was next morning closeted with his master two hours. In that circumstance (here was not, apparently, much 'aliment for reflection. Unhappily (I must say it again) the community is divided into ttwo classes, very uneven, numerically-the class of those who do think, and the class of th'oso who do not; and for mere wont of thejformor, we know that the world ' is laid desolate with désolation.' A great difference ¿here is be- tween brooding and thinking : between find- ing yourself anxious (which ia but the first btep, and a useless step if not followed up) and real investigation ; between feeling ¡inde- finably uneasy or uncomfortable','and reflect- ing. The next incident was, that William Austin got drunk the same night,iat tho Win mere Arms, upon small beer ; that he grew hilarious, communlcutlve, nobulo'us, unintel- ligible, sphinx-like and braggart; that he mentioned the death of a distant relativo in Hindost n,and his own accession to'an1 un- expected and ' tidyish ' property : that'the in- dignant Sally, Mrs. Winmero's! maid., to whom rthe faithless William waa betrothed, reported, in a rhapsody of hysterical tears, to her mistress, that all men were! aliko vile, that to trust was to bo deceived, and that William was going to travel abroad-and alone; that everything was over,''in fact; that the world was at an end, and that some people's heads weio ' easily turned,' and their hearts ' like the inside of a rotten apple.' Poor Sally's parched lipB looked indeed as if she had tasted the nshes of, the nDead Sea -apple; for the girl,waB by nature one of those who, hoping much, risk a jgood deal. "The next incident was, that William Austin departed, and appeared | no more. What occurred thereafter was equally com- monplace. A candidate valet presents him- self, with a character of five yeara from his former master, a gentleman in a distant part of the same county, but well known in all ita ? cpnfines, and beyond them. This'servant, so his character ran, had been butler ; but, not K answering so well in that capacity^ had been transferred to the other department; and, . after serving as valet, to the full satisfaction' of his master, waB now-because that piaster withed to go abroad, and the man wished to f,toy in England-discharged, in all amity, his good name intaot. This testimonial ^?cs written in1 the well-known' hand of Viscount Hailey, and signed with'Ma name. The man-who 'was called Gardner-was taken into service by Mr., Winmere, v.hioh fact ia not at all Bingulan The testimonial in question was,' however, not returned to the man, but ' kept by Mr. Winmere ; and by Mr. Winmere' (as lie stated to Gardner) it waa mislaid or lost. Nor was this very remarkable, any more than the previous particular links in the little chain of events. I " Now let me recapitulate, In the briefest modo, adding one fresh circumstance:-Agnes had lost ho th her parents; and the last time [ the had seen them, while in company with hti hußband, was at her wedding. Her old iiiirse, who had also been present on that ( ccnsion.was dead William Anstin.whomher hubband had'brought to witness the contract ins she had, for the same' puipose, brought the deceased nurse) was now inheritor ofaome ' Hindoo tin'-to borrow the polished and sentimental Mr. Winmere's characteriatlc (xprtssion-and waa on the Continent drink- ing his legacy : nobody knew where ; if not already dead, anybody might guess how. The . jjarnon who had officiated at the happy couple's union was, like his old sexton, buncd in Chatsworth churchyard. Finally, « man named Gardner, with a five years' cha- racter, had entered Mr. Winmere's service, and the document which he had brought from hia former place, and which had secured his re- ception, was lost. Thoco are the facts which I -wished to recall to your minds, in a short way. The frtíBh circumstance wnich I have to add, and which would have been aa new fo Agnes Winmere as it ¡B to you, is, that her 1 usbarjd, who now never allowed her to quit flint rustic cottage, whero he reaided but very httlo himself, had, about a year before, met in London, during one of his frequent and protracted absences, a lady of very great wealth and of extraordinary beauty, whom he no sooner beheld than he fell violently in love with her, or with her fortune, or with both. The yeara that bad passed, the privacy of his domestic life, and the accident of a different circle, led her to suppose him an l.nmairied man ; andshosoon began to favor tbe iittc-nlions whioh he knew so well how to pay, and with whioh ho had vehe- mently pursued her from the first, The moro^eoBy hie suit grew in this particular, [. ijie iifûM btrplexing became bia genera" pd Mtion. The failure of his addressee would have brought no difficulties, but would have relieved him from ono great embarrassment; whereas the success of his prosperous love for a boautifal heiress menaced him with dis t;r,.cQ and despair. "I return to the cottage. Mr. Winmere tnddenly missed some property. One of the nrticliB was a diamond ling, of marvellou« value-a wonder of a ring. He said nothing; hut, having depaited without any disturb ante, in the morning, returned at night wltli two Tjolice officers ; and, summoning all hie servants, insiated upon an immediate search of their rooms, their boxes, and theil effects. It waa done accordingly, and in a trunk belonging to the Ber vant Gardner, were' found! the? ïing and thi diamond appertaining to it; but the jews waa detached from ita setting, and appearer »o havo been scooped out with some violence The object, apparently, waa to effect a sepa rato, immediate, and undetected sale. Gard nor, who seemed overwhelmed with astonish mont, professed himself innocent; but o roureo he was consigned to the hands of th two officers. _ Subsequently, at the aaaizet the man was liberated, as there appeared n profocutor. What beoame of the servan whose character waa thus blasted transpirei not foi some time. Perhaps a yearmlgh have elapsed, when one day, at the Ohate worth Parsonage, or Bectory, where the noi Hector was in want of a servant, there pre konted himself, as deBirousJof the, vacant pla« a vory proper looking man named Gardne; Youwillremember thatthe Rectory in questio was in a part of England remote from Ali \ Winmere's present county, the local news c which, more especially in trivial matton such as an obscure Indictment never rushs to a conclusion, did not penetrate to BO great a distance. The Sector knew nothing about Gardner's previous accusation and exposure. Unasked for his character. The man pro- duced a five yeaie' character from Lord Bailey, then abroad; adding, that since quitting his Lordship's service, he had lived i vvith his own mother, just dead. The parson, finding the man very tractable, in respeot to, wages, engaged him. This happened, in Cum- berland, while Mr. Winmere was absenjt from his home, whioh was In Wales. He was ab- sent in Paris, whence he wrote to Agnes,' who Lad the habit of keeping all his letters, as .ho knew, Now, the Rev. Mr. Ourton's ¿W servant, Gardner, about two montha after lie had been engaged, disappeared suddenly from the Bectory, and waa never ¡heard oí more. Another month, daring whioh* Mt "Winruere continued to write from Parki Jto Agnes-but giving her no addreaa-elapsed; and then that gentleman returned homo.,,I forgot to tell yon a singular little thing which bad occurred on the occasion when Winmere ¡brought, aa you will remember, the two police, officers to search hiB servants' effeots.'nnd ultimately to take the man Gardner into cus- tody. Winmere had then treated the tiyc officers with refreshments, bad himself sai and chatted in their company, and had re peatedly designated Agnes to them, da ' hi tnittrm.' I now return. Wceri^b^ carne1 horn» from Paris, he stayed ab«'at-ft' m0nth, api then left the cottage, and Agnes. It Ms « tön aîné ans cut saiv him. Be had told he for what amount sho could draw On hi franker periodicallyj_ and ehe lived' witl lier child alone, DUO grieved not mud you may suppose, at hie continue »hstraco, until, one day, sha ,sawf,,i the ¡papera the announcement, in I çtii iomary form, of her husband's marriage wit! the beautiful Miss Wyborougb, 'only daugb ter and heiress tof 0. Wyborough, of - Esq., !&c.;' - I pass over bier amazement, har r horror, her-reflections, on the consequence» to Agnes,'her»only child, thus paraded fo: ever us illegitimate. "Her"first step was to hasten to London to see Winmere, which sha found she,could in no manner accomplish, toeing, steadily referred, as-an impudent lm postresa, to his solicitor. She then consulte* u lawyer,!whose first demand was to see tai certificate or'attested copy of the register ia whieb'her marriage wasjecorded. She ooul I ' iiroctuce no snob, dooumënt; but still a vowel her determination to obtain from the H v justice to hersolf and to her child- The nest proceeding was a journey to Cumberland, ia company with her legal advisor (a clever, man), to Inspect the register Itself. Strang» to say, they found that not only tua rage containing what concerned her, hut many other pages, affecting entries cf various dates, and of several years, at irre- gular intervals, were torn out. The manner ia -which this 'was done waa remarkable. Hal' only1 that one page been missing, the infer- ences, though dark and mysterious, would? have justified a certain amount of presump- tion 'of, no doubt, a dreadful > nature ; but aa many parta of the book mutilated. Som J leaves were only half- torn'; in several wera marks of tobacco j nice ;x between two the flat« tened stump of a'cigar waa 'found, wedged ia the juncture i" three or »four i of them were tinged at the edges, and"ouo was burnt through, as if with a dropped spark. The actual Beotor had" either not noticed tua state of the book (which was perfect in its' more recent pages), or had not, liked to men- tion'it. , Ho never smoked, and had no one in his 'establishment who did; never had had, except one ; and the man in question, a dissi- pated, drunken, and blasted character, as waa Bfterwardfl learnt, had héen with him only a couple of months, and had suddenly disap- peared, and never been seen since ; he hoi robb'ed nothing, taken nothing.not even soma new ¡but coorse shirts, marked with his name, Ü. Gardner.' The lawyer made notes of all these particulars, and departed with his dis- mayed client. On their way back to London, he asked hcrHhe names of her witnesses, and of every person she could, recollect who hal been, present at her marriage. Ho found that all were certainly dead, except William Aus- tin, whom she knew not to be dead, but knew not to bo living, and of whom she had irre- coverably lost sight ever 'Blnce he had in- herited, his 'Indian property,' and gone, as she supposed, to Calcutta. Every effort was made by private inquiry, and by public adver- tisement, to discover this individual; but every effort was in vain. Still, the distracted lady, for the sake of her girl, Agnes, would appeal to law. A prosecution for bigamy was undertaken against Winmere, and it failod utterly. Nay, the public judged that the prosecutrlx had been always notoriously esteemed, by those who knew anything aboutr her 'at all, as the salaried mistress of Win- mere ; the evidence of the two police officers who had arrested Gardner tending strongly to countenance and establish that conclusion. One point more. Had Gardnor any resent- ment against the lady ? And had he, when with the Sector, destroyed the register out of malice? On the contrary, it was Winmere who had been harsh to Gardner, and it was at the lady's intercession that Winmere had íolused to prosecute. The result of the trial completed the work of crushing and killing the unfortunate and broken- hearted lady who < had been mj first love. "I had not seen her for 20years Binco the epoch of my only duel. I now received a xtote, signed 'Agnes Winmere,' summoning me to her death-bed. There she told me all that she knew, and adjured me, as she was dying, and dying a lawful wife and wedded mother, to adopt her poor orphan, and to light her falsely-dishonored name. I acceptod the charge, desperate as paît of it appeared; I accepted it with tears and with sobs ; and, kneeling with that beauteous orphan, whom you have all beheld, by the death-bed, re- ceived along with her the last blessing of a murdered, wronged, and spotless woman. " That night, the night of her departure to anothor world, Winmere and his new wife were Eeated together in this room, and at this fireplace, with just such a storm as the storm to which wo now listen raging round this old building. It was the first house to which he had formerly brought poor Agnes. The hride was musing. The bndegioom was read- ing. Suddenly something made both turu togethei, and gaze in the direction ofthat old fcldeboard; and, with her right band resting upon its brass edge, and her left lifted, as In warning, and shining with the single piala r.dornmentof a wedding-ring, the reproachful vision of the dead stood before the living But to-night, in this house which I have pur- chased, ami ¿ t^svervroom TT __;;_"; I have kept my solemn pledge to the departed. Best, iest, perturbed spirit!" A pauso here ensued ; and then Mr. Blain fydd conoluded.' "It was manifest to me that the only chance of justice was, that .William Austin should be still living, and should be produced. 1 meditated long how to proceed. It the man live, said I, the íeason, and the sole possible reason, why he phould nevor have been acces- sible or discoverahle is, that it has boen so managed by him who alone has an awful inteie6t in his concealment. No one knowa who he is, or where he is, or can know it-I added in my own meditation-Bave Winmeio himBelf. By Winmere he ia paid, maintained, and kept at a distance. I felt that one false step would ruin my last ohance. I reasoned closely as I used to reason in 'The Twenty Questions.' Having determined on my plau, 1 Eought a clever fellow, on whom I could rely ; aud, having carefully and perfectly 1 disciplined him' in his part, I arranged every preparation. I knew .that, if I was, unhappily, wrong ¿n my. assumptions, Iheu to do' what 1 desired 'was an ,mbóa^ -ability in every reepeot,_" Therefore; I proceeded on tne Dasis tu ueing o_<".r".J ror" rect in my first logical data. , A3 Winmeio , must know where this man was, in ordor to supply him with his [allowance, to preservo means of intercourse with him, and to keep him out of a risk of destroying hlsguilty'pay mnster, it was absolutely certain that, if Win- mere could, be alarmed into* suspecting that we were on tho traces of the missing witness, his very first measure would be to communi- cate with this minor but vital accomplice, either by letter or personally. AU business must neceEsarlly cede at once to this momen- tous necessity. Just before tho last London post went out, 1 called, and rushed into Win- mere's presence, with an air compounded of excitement, indignation, and triumph, I told him that all was at lost discovered. AuBtin lives,' cried I, ' and you shall meet your dues!' I eaid no more, but sternly de- parted. Tho man had lived In tenor ot this very chance for years. Either I was right I repeat, in this, or 1 had nndertakenwhat was a sheer; impossibility. But, thanks to Divine Providence, I was right. "Ia lees than a quarter of an hour, a man muffled in a cloak, came out of this houss and crept, through the dusk, to the post onice. Of course no one can put a letter into the box without stretching out his arm As Winmere did so, a drunken man, who Btaggered near him, fell over the extended arm, bearing the precious letter to the ground. Ihe drunkard took np the letter, read-tho superscription, and, hiccupping an apology handed it back to Winmere. That drunken man was my clever agent. In less than flvo minutes I learned that the missive was ad- dressed 'toa 'M. JacqueB, Bue du Pont, No. 8 'Brest. I reached Brest as soon as the letter .' 1 io,u?r£,*!iat.M' Jacques was William Austin: and Willum Austin is now, while I speak, ia this house. [ " Hedingham, the reaeon you are BO da | pressed iß, that Agnes has refused you ; but tim reason Agnes refused you is, that she hal > -a blight upon her own'inherited fame; and that blight is now removed for ever. She shall be redintegrated in her parent's repute before all the world; and this night, Hedingham, my dear boy, she will cancel her own award E gai H st you. This ia the story which I had to tell; and many a merry Ohristmas and many a happy new year may you enjoy with 1 Agnes, Lady Hedingham. That, I repeat, ia all the, sttfry I had to tell. My own early [ hopes perished in this dark under-ground tiagedy,. but, at length, in the second gena ! îatioti, I have lived to see it flow out into tho sunshine, and cloae in peace," 1 -When ho ended,'one present-a staid au J truth-spokon man of business,-Buscóme him I gelf-declared solemnly that ho saw, near tin , old sideboaid, amid the dimness and the 1 Ehadows, u l<»dy in white, deadly pale, but Emllfng sweetly, wave for a moment from her left hand the glitterings of a wedding-ring, and then disappear, just as the joybells, at twelve, rang in the Christmas morning. THE HAVBLOCK FAMUY.-The public nava been already informed that the Havelocks are ? of Danish descent, and were for many genera : tîons^ettléd ' at Great Grimsby, in. Lincoln- shire,. Our readers, however, ,may not ba r aware that the ancient seal of the corporation of that borough bears the figure of ita Danish . founder, Grime, holding in hie hands a boy eunnounted by a' scroll, on whioh la'.writtou the word "Havelock." The story runs that . "-Havelock,',' or " Hafluck,":was the lost child i of a Norse sea king, and was brought up by Grime, and became a valiant -warrior ander, biß rough tutelage.-The Times, January 9. 