LOCAL NEWS/ ACCOMMODATION pott THE PRESS.-During tho hearing of tho case Quirke vertus Nobbs in tho sum-' muns court, before Mossrs Lucas and Hill, J.P.s, (Me our police report.) Mr Moffatt rose, anil addressing tho . Bench, s<id he would like to bo informed why there w.» no accommodation mudo for the reporters in that court. Thcro had been a pince sot apart especially for the gen tlcmcn of tho press, but it had been suddenly removed, and no accommodation whatever was made for them, al- though the proceedings in tho summons court woro fre- quently of as imich publie interest as in the other cumt. But now any gcntloman who attended us the representa- tivo of a navvspuper had to shift for a scat as he best could, and there was one sitting at the table now., «lio, owing to tlie crowded state of tho court, had to be j -stied about, and greatly incommoded in tho execution of his duties. Mr Lucas replied, that in lils opinion there ought - to bo accommodation provided in that court as well asia tho other courts Besides, he wns of opinion that accom- modation ought to bo provided for all tho papers. There wcro Eve or S x newspapers in tho city, and to his great surprise and that of many other magistrates, tho reporters' accommodation had been altogether taken away in ther summons court, and in tho other Court it had been altered so that accommodation was allowed only for two reporters from (ho daily papers. Some of tho papers did not usu- ally send reporters to the police court, but in his opinion there ought to bo ample accommodation made for them whenever they choose t<> attend. It was a very great shaine that such alterations had boen made in the report- ers' accommodations, and ho (Air Lucas) would recom- mend the learned gentleman to bring tho circumstance before tho notice of the P.ilico Magistrate. CuKREit BEL-L AND »ER WRITINOS.-Miss Charlotte Bronte, Who Is better known to the world of letters as an authoress as ' Currcr Bell", bas much reatta to feel grateful to Mr L. Michael, a young solicitor of our city* who " lectured upon her" at the School of Arts ou Tuesday'evoning, in which the warmth of an ardeDt ad- mirer was linked to tho skill of an advocate io a stjl» which reflects great credit upon him as an orator; in tact, our lecturer was carried intu tho seventh altitude by tho fervour of his enthusiasm in ins causo of the lovely «sd accomplished authoress of " Jane Kyre", asserting tba lady's claim to a prominent place in tho first rank of feminine writers throughnut tile world Mr Michael's lecture was well attended; ho is a pleasing speaker, and his zeal In Mlss_ Bronte's behalf created quite a Hillier amongst the petticoats, comprising tho principal porllou of his auditory. Wo shonld liku much to hear Mr M. lec- ture upon our pretty contemporaries in tho management of tho Spectator. By doing so ho mi« ht bring about sn alliance, offotisiro and defensive, botwoen tho fair proprie- tary and ourselves. AN AOE OF PRODIGIES!-We understand that " a tittle buy" is beting exhibited at ihoaIha»cn, nino years old, and weighing fifteen «tono Wo alsu read of a Miss Roberts, aged 00 years, dying at Mouton, ia Cornwall, who WHS supposed to havu been tbo snintle?t woman in England, having boen only two feet ten inches in height . NEWS FOR .THE LAOY EDITORS.-A corre spondeut signing himsolf '. Calebs", announces 1H.1t it ii in contemplation to start a weakly riewspnpor to be called The Hache'or, in which cummunioati 'tis. respecting the blessings and miseries of matrimony aro to bo printed ¡a páraHel columns. If our correspondent ta to bi) tho editor, abd Ibo printer '? follows copy," it oannot fall to creatoa great excitement. SCHOOL OF ARTS.-At thc-conclusion ol M Michiial's lecture ou " Cui'rer liell nud hur Writings tho chairman iiitiiiiutojl thin inc nekt leoturo wouhl^min otfott Tuesday proximo, whoii Or Boyd would loo'turo c lia fellowing interrogatory-" Vyhy do wo breathe, un how"! Far bo it from it»'tb forestall tho worthy sawbaut by answering his iritorri/gatonos, but we certainly nro i nu burry to ascertain tba oort of satitMtion IIKoly to rosa from astisponsiph of breath. Doubtless therein moro i these questions thiin is apparent ut tba first flush, ' un different men ,of different professions think variously 01 lbe>o seornihgly plain p>int*. Mr ICotch, for instance evidently siirroiios ihnt the jugular is the powerful tuediun of breathing, if we may deduct un inforonco from thees pedal euro ho takes in tho exorcise of his profession, a finisher of the law., to placo tho particular knot at n par 'uvular pciiti!. Why do we breathe, indeed, »nd how; IVesupp"se wo breatlju because wo can't very well di without it; andas to how, there Bro a Variety of ways Sometimes wo breathe soft nonsense in the car of beauty at oilier limos, n lnngnnge equally nonsensical to semi dunning snob or tailor-disturbers of our peace. Al other .times, wo branthxi angry fnominations against those icouiidrelj and assijssinaóf sóoíety who neglect to furnish "their overiluo subscription's in* to liquidate their advertis- ing accounts. Sometimes ire breathe contempt when we .CJino into accidental contact with ono of those rara.oves i» Urra who actually continue to exist without laking in ocr. paper. But wo shall continue hranthles-i with sns peeis until we hoar tho Doctor preach on Tuesday evon jngnext, from tho text be has selecto I-" Why do *o braatho, and how"P ',; ANOTHBII MoitDBR.-Thc " poor, blacks" in and around this colony appoar tb think murdering British 'aahjects io theso regions quito a harmless pastime. In England many a man; who in time of war might have prowl useful in picking off tho enemy with a duck gun or a ri flu, has.been pursued and persecuted with more vi- gour for shooting a pheasant or a partridge, than a poor Vaà ts likely to bo for tomahaw'kirig a British Australian. The Sentid, schooner, arrived in port on Tuesdny, in charge of vir Sutton,.the chtet mate, in consequence of Gip win Blake having been treacherously murdered by tho uvages on the Island of EduTstone, in thu South Seas, 'ihe captain anti a'bnat's crew Wont ashore . fi.r tho pur- pose of trading with 'the natives, who appeared quite friendly, but they suddenly surrounded the skipper and lils crew. Captain Blake woi.so badly cut by thom in the hoid with ti tomahawk, that after lingering in agony dur- ing five days, ho expired in the arms of his wife, who was a passenger on board. Two of the seamen were also h.idly wounded. We suppose tho Government will take about aa imiolt trouble to capture tho murderers na they have done in tho caso of the slaughters of white people by trw frontier blacks - tal'c no steps whatever to redress tho pas:, or prevent a repetition, iii thesè cruel murders. MEIICANTILE AND MONEY; ARTICLE.-Om coinmerciul rcpurlor having absconded rallier suddenly in company willi our cash boit, wo'are obliged to borrow from our friend tho lliral'd thia week. Of course we can testily to our grief, that stoolis nra low und money tight. We wKh tho purloiner of'oar .' ¡rofl chest" was stuck fast In tho stocks. Tho mall steamer Victoria-not arrived. Business ia dull, seriously dull, and for'all wo or our vo neriblo cnnteinporniy can seo to the contrary, is likely to continue in statu quo. or, to uso a rnilitnry phrase-" as you wero". , Wo'learn from our contemporary that thc only arrival lately with important additions to our stock, «ssiho f'o'/j; Nicholson, with sixty pound« of sugar; a qurtcr chest of tea, ami half a dozen door-mois. fit for mimer use for the yu'rcl dog to snoo'zo dh. . Tho Fifoofnm. ofOiitheito, of 'tho latest date, says-"The market is gfaltod with Now .Zealand pork. ? . Moss-s Hammer and Co., sold tho tomahawk, Bhield, and other warlike accou- trements of a defit'lict chief ; also his flshing.tackle, spears, ic, for 138 3J, not ratich 'competition. Ho ulso sold a half chest of Congou at £4 9s. DONATIONS TO THE ¡MtjB'BUM D'URWO JUNE, 1803\. -From tho S. M, Hera'd.- Two eggs of tho Aus- tralian truro's 'nest (Ilorseo eggio), Mr Allan. A speci men of calcined coal 'from his kitchen grate, Mr T. J. Brjah. . À'specimen iïf the Botany Bay rot (Mongero camlelatquo checheo), Mr Beaumont. A specimen of tho toasty parroquct (Trichofrjossus concinntis). Mr M. Bur- dekin. A. specimen «.'f.crochot-wórk niglitcaii (Amoru/ dnriniensis), Airs Sal White. . A warbling grass parrot (Me'opsittacus tindtihitus), Dr Bennett. An old woman's last tooth (Ditop'ro'don longos). Mr 15. A. .Bell. Two ?mris, viz., a halfpenny ofGfiorge III and a Queou Anna's farthing. Mr S J.'Conen. A porriwinMe from New Zea- land^ Wink loy us canibalus), Muster Alfred Denison. .A prawn (portiiriua). Port .hickson, Mr Ueorgo Hudson. A botanical garden gull (Xema albor). Air W. Houston. Throe birds, vii., two 'redheads and a swallow. Master Josh Hudson. Two specimens or' females (Quilina Aus- tralis), Mr H. Harnett. Eggs nf a centipede found in a ho) low log, Itocky POint-road, Mr J". McCall... A bitof rood from tho wharf at 'Novyc.istle, taken from below rutermark. with the 'cobra (-riot tho 'cobra di capullo), B, H. Martindale, Esq, Tho jawbones of a Newcastle ass, Mr A. flood, Newcastle. A tish of tho germs tittlebat, Mr Duncan McICellar. A native cat (not tho Tum adver- tised by Miss--), black variety, from Kissing Point, Mr George Uhr. A maggot and a centipede: Mr. W. Wright. Specimen of the Australhin potato (Diascorio j raurphy). Mr W. Wilson. Lesurio. SV/DNEYITB SMARTNESS.-Let American tra rellers boast ns they please about the 'cuteness or the lustiness of Vier» Jonathan, wo hold that there is not a livelier race existing, than tho Sydney people in every re- lict. And, entertaining nu doubt nf their courage or of tliuir displaying equal alacrity in assembling promptly in t e event of foreign aggression, ne don't perceive any gruund of alarm, should " the worst como to the worst'', ' u tho ovent of tho colonies becoming embroiled thrungli the breaking out of another war io ICutop'e. Any strata pr might naturally wonder whoic on earth all tho peo plo luring from whoa any mutter of importance occasions à inhering-whether it be du election or an occasion of tes- ting respect to some person of eminent worth, living or "iliad. And the celerity with which they dispersó is equally ttiuarknblo. Last Suuday afternoon, shortly after four o'clock, the portion of tho city fr orri a little below St James's, in King street, passing the ourner ol' Macquarie ilreet, continuing tito semicircle round to St Mary's, 'and thence to the upper* portion of Hyde ?a'rk, was immensely crowded; for in addition to tho promenaders Of tho park, tte congregations of St James's and St Mary's wcro pour- ing out. At this moment thu clouds, which bad been ga- thering for soma time, began tu sprinkle tho gaily-dressed multitude rather briskly, and it was really pretty to'sue tho flight. If the town wai being sacked, they couldn't hire mizzled moré promptly or expeditiously, and in much less time than it has taken to pen this article there were scarcely a doten stragglers in sight. MAIL COACH ACCIDENT,---An accident oc- curred to tho mail coach from Tamworth to Armidale, on the evening uf Saturday week, through tho breaking of the nKlo-trce.- Thc cuachrban, Mr Brereton, and the guard, Mr Brown, wero thrown off their sbais with vio- lence. Mr Brown was severely hurt, his shoulder and tight auk lo being dislocated, beside* having uno elbow hilly bruised, the coachman was not much hurt. Mr Buchanan and two other gentleman wore tin horseback in si ¿ht uf the mail at tho time of tho spill, and. they promptly gilloped oh? to Armidale for assistance. They returned willi a dogcart, in which tho mails, and guard, und coach nun wore taken to t»wn, so that tho mails arrived within tho limited time. DK&wmoKS; TO TUB CATTtB TKA.DK.-It ts singular how peculiarly unfortunate stock.owners and drovers hara boen this your in driving; cattle to this market. In ono eise, that of Mr. Maxwell, who stuned fr .m New England' with 2350 head ! from drought and casualties of the usual nauru, on delivering them yesterday to the buyer ot, Bal- larat only 1700 could bo mustored i this ii a terrible loss, and the present prico of stock cattle duos not make up tho difference of tho prico at which they wore bought and the price sold. Tocóme a little nearer to your quarter-Mr. D. ti. Junes, starting from Bonegilla with 27U bead, had strived at Hughans Creek, placing tho u for security in apudduck. In the night, it appears, tho animals became frightened, rushed the fonoo, knocking down twelve"panels siid goi away, lu the morning 56 only could be found, tho others wunduring at largo in her .Majesty's domain. ¡io that whan wo read of potts of cattle bringing £16 Ss. ld. per bend, as in thu caso or a recent sale of Gibbs Land tittle, and £11 and £12 per head for Murray cattle, there oro two of three things to he remembered :-How rainy have beau lust on tho way ? What tho average price ol' thu lost was ? und the net price, after deducting ..«tic sales men's 5 percent, arid 2j pur cant' guarantee f ir ono's tn onay. Really good cuttle- bring extravagant ntus ; inferior, tho butchers don't carve «von to beatos* a look upon - Melbourne Correspondent of the Harder Vost. l>.STitucTioN or* STOCK -We regret to hear that the recent severe wouthor about" Berrima and Marulan has »Hied tho destruction af horned cattle. Thc deaths that bare occurred have nut been confined to young animals, Wt have been UB numerous amongst full grown boasts. T."! fatality baj huon unused by the exceeding coldness of thc weather, and not fruin a want of feed. ' About Glen- rock, where several deaths have happened, there is an tb iiiilouco of excellent grass, but-that did not save lb: a.iiu.als ft-uiu succumbing to tho sovority of the s'ea lin - Goulburn Chronic e, July 14, KITH. ACÖUUNT.-Vir. Daniel Cil (Tord, nephew of Mr. Patrick Cliff.ird, was violently thrown from a young horse whIUt tiding on tho stuti in of his uncle.' 1 om Sorry to «'y he only survived a few hours after tho fearful acour- | 'i ce This gentleman was generally respected, and his ."«will bo gricvod by many.-Cooma Cor; of Goulburn Btnli, July 10th. ' . >' TUB BACHELORS' BALL.-Tins "hou" has kept tua bachelor fry on the tip-toe of anticipation il ur ins; the past tort days or fortnight, and came nit with cou siilorablo oelnt un Tuesday arening, nt tho Crinea of Wiilus. . Undoubtedly it would havu heon amura bril- liant affair had sotnowbat moro publicity boen given to it. But, vary likely many of our bachelors had good and substantial reasons for making as littlo stir about it ba foruh.md ns possibht. Soma of them have j' governors" or dowugcr murninni, who look upon bachelor halls with horror as so many baits whereby their own sons find heirs may bu hooked, andi " louving father and mother, uling to a wtfu", Ste. As it was, however, there wero about COO pairs-bachelors, spinsters, widows, Sec., in attend- ance. Thu bind of tho 12th und an oxcellunt German bund wero iii uttundancc, nnd played li rs trato through the livelong night. Wo heur time, many young bachelors and blooming Spinstors, who coupled for the first time in thc polka or. schottische, havo mudo up their minds to bo Coupled henceforth " till death do them part", so soon as clergymen, bridal dressos, wedding dejnuner, bridesmaids. .Ste. can bo arranged. One circumstance struck us ns cs peciiilly worthy of note-that many of tho disengaged among tho fair Sex carno to tho ball in au attire which would do equally well for the dance or before the altar. Mr Deitmer spread ulirstrate supper on tho stage, and we heard an old IScnedict. who, like ourselves, wandered ah.iut liku tho ghost of Hamlet's papa, quito out of his appropriate sphere at a hall of tho unmarried, remark, " I .or I how those bachelor chaps can catt and ibo spin- sters too, poor things: I'm afraid that marrying will spoil their appetites like it han done mino." Deitmer; howover, ? had a tolerable estimation of thu sort of appctho a .eonplo of hundred young bachelors and as many spinsters would bu likely to bring with them, and ho accordingly provided for thom in A style which adds another loaf to his culinary lau rol chanlée. VUE LEO At PROFESSION.-It ia customary, when tlio police inspectors have s number of informations filed against various classes of citizens, to' instruct one of the nttornies in thu Police Court to prosocuto; anti it is' also usual for tbe attorney, when ho obtains a conviction, to ask the Bench to uwnrd legal costs, a request generally complied with. In tho course of the week several infor- mations against publicans, chiefly for Sunday soiling, were bumied over to tho generalship of Mr Moffatt, who, upon obtaining a conviction, applied to the Bench for costs. Mr Lucas declined to accede to the request, expressing his opinion that in such, cases the inspectors were, or out-ht to bo, as fully capable of getting up a case us tho best' lawyers who ever wi.re a wig. ? Mr Moffatt retorted that his Worship Mr Lucas enjoyed a monopoly of opinion iu undervaluing professional aid, as non- of his colleagues on tile Hench concurred in such a belief. We wish Mr Moffatt joy of tho " 'cap'' presented him by Mr Lucas, and hope it may fi', him better than tho " hats" he isin.thd habit of wearing, , A DISAPPOINTMENT.--The lovers of fun who usually seek for it bri an economical scala at the Police Oilice, were nindi disappointed last Monday, on account of tho anticipated spurt between Buckingham o Toogood being, at tho eleventh hour, declared " off." A case was set down on the summons lists ns George II. Buckingham v Alfred Toogood, for threatening language; gentlemen of tho long robe were retained proel con ; on one side wore arranged the members of the Buckingham family, who have been accustomed for some fimo paBt to create mirth and music in the concert room of the Rainbow; on the opposite side sut " Alfred tho Great", looking ns brave and pugnacious as a rat in a corner, while his waiters and other witnesses wero "ready, aye ready". The mob waited patiently throughout tho day until 3 p.m., when thu principals became so thoroughly disgusted at the law's delay, that they mada it rip and departed As wo have been informed by some of the legal g> ntlemou, tho infor- mation charged " Alfred the Great" with threatening to~ knock senior Buckingham down, thereby putting him (big Buckingham) in bodily fear! And in order to rebut this charge it would have been ntteuiptod to provo that the Buckingham Family were in danger under thc Conspiracy to Murder-not Bill, but Alfred-by cunflning.him in tho big drum of tho concert room. AUSTRALIAN NoBiLiTï.-----Captaîn Maclean and Mr D. Peden were trying a mun nt the police office tho other day, for breaking ¡i public-hoùso windows. The man kept addressing thom ns " my lords". Instead of scuding him to gaul for a week, their Worships ought to huvo given him u carte b'anche for his profound discrimi- nation in detecting "their, lordships" Under a disguise which lias hitherto been impenetrable to ordinary mor- tals. Surely Iloiiald must bo nut only a Scotchman, but a seor, and gifted with "second sight". BETTER TO BE BORN LUCKY THAN RICH. Mr Jamos Connolly, landlord of the Kingston Lodge Tavern, at Newtown, pleaded guilty to two churges pre- ferred against him by tho indefatigable Inspector Quirk-:c one for having a yamo with tho dice-box and ivories in his licensed houso on a Sunday ; the other for keeping opon huuso for tho salo of liquor on the same day. Messrs (lill and Lucas wero On tho Hench, and sentenced him to pay Xl and Us Gd costs in each caso. Mr G. Hill assured Boniface that .' might consider himself a very lucky fol- low to bo tried hy such a braco of magistrates, as in such a case he could bu fined £20". SINGULAR MAGISTERIAL OPINIONS.- In Gra- ham v Foulsham, for assault, it was urged in defence that Graham was trespassing on Mrs F's premises, although warned against trespassing. Mr J, P. Egan said, in such a case the party suffering from trespass had a right to tell the trespasser to quit, and, failing so to do, to take steps for bringing him to court. Mr Lucas entertained a differ- ent opinion, as follows: - First, ask the trespasser to go away, then order him to be off; next, try to push him off; and if unable to do that, then, finally, kick him off. THE FLOUR TENDER.-The hon Tummus Whistler Smith has not yet dono with tho mattorof tho tender for 100 tons of flour to India, ns will appear from his motion Inst bight in the As'sombly to have the portlcu ? lars piinted. It is a vory " tender"', subject with the hon gentleman, and the, successful tenderer will evidently find it a tough matter to convince his rival dealarsin flour that everything in connection with the urticlo is " sound" and free from tho weevil of corruption. At any rate, Mr T. W. Smith seems resolved to sift it thoroughly, and ho ¡B entitled to a few gráins of thanks on the part of the con- sumers however inclined tho millers may bo to treat him witb chatF. A GREASY COINCIDENCE-.-The " Herald" says "tallow is firm". . So is oura, thia frosty weather; for it took nur devil half an hour to break it with a toma- hawk Cn Thursday morning. Our contemporary also re- marks that .' holders are unwilling to part with tho ar- ticle". Just tho same in our establishment, where the rats have carried ii pound of sixes down their holes, and evince no disposition to release their hold 