VARIETIES. Wanted. — The man with a drum to his ear, wants a life as an accompaniment. The old lady who believes every calamity that happens to herself a trial, and every one that happens to her friends a judgment, is not yet dead. very uul1ging. — " JL'lease, JULr. Jenkins, will you -lend my father yonr umbrella?" "Does it rain?" "Yes." Then I shall want it myself. Tell your father to send again some fine day." .. Presence of Mind. — " What ugly child is that under the window, Susan ?" " Why that is " mine," replied Mrs. J. "O! call the beautiful dear, pretty little creature in,, and let me kiss her." ' . Severe. — A young lady lately appeared in male attire in Baltimore ; and one of the editors says that her disguise was so perfect that she might have passed for a man, had she a little more modesty. The Morning Star of Friday, had a story about the foundering of the ship Caledonia, and its un happy cook being devoured in lat. 47 N., long. ' 32 , somewhere about the centre of France — not far from the good town of Nevers. A Credulous Jonathan. — A man, being as sured that the sun had never rose in the west, said it was very strange, as he had a cousin in Iowa who was always writing how pleasant it was in that district. He concluded it must be all moon shine. , 1 Paddy's Prudence.— Dear Mike : If.yez don't get this litther at all, write aud let's know it, and -I'll raise the divil wid the postmasther. And mine, now, ycz don't pay a ciut o' the postage in 1 advance till ye see the letther safe in the post office. _ The Perils of. Phonography. — Not long . since, a member of the United States. Congress, made a speech, quoting Latin, "Amiens Socrates, amicus Plato, sed major Veritas." This appeared . next day in a phonographic report as follows : — "I may cuss Socrates/I may cuss Plato, said Ma jor Veritas!" The Tree of Genealogy.— It is with the tree of genealogy as with the oak of the forest, we may boast of the timber it has given to a Btate vessej, but say naught of the three legged stools, the broomsticks, and tobacco stoppers made from the ends of the chips. — Douglas Jerrold, from National Magazine. How is it that girls can always tell a married man from a single one ? The fact ib indisputable. Blackwood says that " the fact of matrimony or bachelorship is written so legibly in a man's ap pearance that no ingenuity can conceal it. Every where there is some inexplicable instinct that tells us whether an individual (whose name, fortune, and circumstances are totally unknown) be or be not a married man. Whether it is a certain sub-: dued look, such as that which characterises the lions in a menagerie, and distinguishes them from i the lords of the desert,, we cannot tell ; but the truth is so, we positively affirm." Mr. Dobbs says that beauties generally die old maids. They set Buch value on themselves that they do not find a purchaser till the market is closed. Out of a dozen beauties who have come out within the lost eighteen years, eleven, he says still occupy single bedsteads. They Bpend their days in working green dogs on yellow wool- while "their evenings are devoted to low spirits and Tapper's Philosophy. Visions of a Dying Child. — I was greatly pleased, says Dr. Thompson, with a little inci dent a mother gave me the other day. A child lay dying. Feeling unusual sensations, she said, " Mamma, what is the matter with me ?" " My child, you are dying." " Well, mamma, what is dying?" "To you my dear child, it is going to heaven." " Where is heaven ?" " It is where God is, and Christ, and the Holy Ghost, and the good men made perfect." But mamma, I am not acquainted with any one of these, and I do not like to go alone ; won't you go with me ?" " Oh Mary, I cannot. God has called you only, not me now." Turning to her father, she asked the same questions. Then piteously to each of her brothers and sisters she repeated the same ques tions, and received the same response. She then fell into a gentle slumber, from which she awoke in a transport of joy, saying, " You need not go with me, I ean go alone. I have been there, and grandmamma is there, and grandfather, and Aunt Martha." Yankee Trade.—" I calculate I could'nt drive a trade with yon to day ?" said a true specimen of a Yankee pedlar, at the door of a merchant in St. Louis. " I calculate you oalculate about right for you cannot," was the sneering reply. "Wall I guess you necd'nt get huffy about it. Nowhere' a dozen real genuine razor strops worth two dol lars and a half ; you may have them for two dol lars." "I tell you I dont want any of your trash, ' so you had better be going." " Wall now, I de clare, I'll bet you five dollars if you make me an offer for them are strops, we'll have a trade yet." " Done !" replied the, merchant placing the mo ney in the hands of a bystander. The Yankees deposited the like sum ; when the merchant offered him a couple of cents for his strops. " They are your'n," said the Yankee, as he pocketed the stakes. But he added, with apparent honesty, " I calculate a joke's a joke; and if you don't want these strops, I'll trade back." The merchant's countenance brightened as he replied, — " You're not so bad a chap after ail. Here are the strops, give me the money.'' "There it is," said the lankee, as lie received the strops, and passed over the couple of cents. " A trade's a trade, and now you ie wide awake in earnest. I guess the next time you trade you'll do a little better than to buy razer strops." And away he went with his strops and his wager, amid the shouts of the laughing crowu.- -imy s Newspaper. 