noiuamx iiaojes. To theJSddor of Bell's Life in Victoria. Sin,— I havo scut you a rough eketchof this mootin', which took placo Way nth, Glh, and 7th, on tho plains about two miloB and a half from tho pretty little town ship of Dcniliquin. The courso la a dead lovel, of a rod Bandy naturo, ond rathor hard in plncoa ; it ia ono milo in circumforenco, well situated, and in tho fihapo of au egp. Tho woathor was remarkably Quo j tho sun bIiomo brilliantly, whioh gave. an impcEing oflTect to tho fine country around this favoured Bpot. The company dur ing tho whole luoetiug-wns not bo numerous aa in former years, owing, I beliovo, in great measure, to tho Albury races taking plnco eo recently (about ouo fortnight bo foro) -, but still, theto was a (;«od BprinkUng of tho right sort, whioh in groat mo»suro mado up for tho short at tendance Tho atownrda and oflioiala oonuooted with tho monngament of this mooting dosorvo grfiat credit, not only for framing so good » prograinmo, but for tho vory croiiitablo manner in which tho course was kopt and tho racing carried out, during tho entire meeting. Evory thing wont off well ; not a single disturbance nor an interruption the whole time. In fact, eomo of our great meetings wduld do well to tako a lesson from tho man agoraont of tho stewards of Deniliquin raros. Mr. Cook burn, a -well-known Bportsmnu, olllciatoj as starter, in whioh ofiico ho admirably acquitted himeolf. Mr. Brougham, another steward, did nil that mortal aid could for tho amuBoment of tho public, nnd to insure f ir play to all j ospecially to btrangorfl, wh-- spoak in tho highest torma of the treatment thoy received at tho handa of tho Btowarda. Tho Btakcs, taking into conside ration tho small population of tho plnco, and tho distanoo tho Eottlera livo from oach othor, weto very lmndsomo ? nnd consequently hones from Molbourno, a distanco of two hundred milos, camo to contend for tho rich prizes put forth in tho bill of fare. Mr. A. Green, the trniuor of.Emorald Hill, brought with him tho beautiful littlo more. Flying Doe, from Molbourno, to contond for tho grand aweomtakes, with whioh tho was deservedly re warded. Tho Doo ia a -splendid animal; hor condition was porfoction j her glosBy coat and hor bold trniupnront oyo with its glistoninj: aspoot, thowed to the commonest observer that sho waB in roality up to tho colonial phrase ' all thore.' Whilo speaking of tho Flying Doo, I am aorry to Bay lliat.Mr. Green has boon vory flingularly in torforod with by Mr. Edward How, of Molboume who' had Bent a protest whioh waa hnndod in by a Mr. Wal ton, from Maiden'n Punt, to tho offect that ' Mr. Groon was not tho hona-fido owner of the Flying Doo, nnd that in acoprdanco with tho stipulation of this raco, slio was not oligiblo to run.'. It appoava from a etatomont mado by Mr. Green, tnd which tho eUwarda bellevod to bo corroot, that Mr. Row had nothing whatovor to do with tho mare, hut from motives of poreonnl dislike had sent up tins proteBt. It appoan that the maro ia hirod by Mr. Green for twelvo month's, whioh term doos not oxpiro until let August. Therefore it ia quito ovi dont that Mr. Row has nothing to do with hor. I wob very happy to aeo tho Etowards discountonanoo this ob jectlon, and at tho same tim-3 mnko tnown in stronir terms that the coureo takon by Mr. Row did not meet their approval; nnd this opinion scorned to ho vory roiio ral at tho raco dinner after tho mooting, when tbo vice chairman c-ansurcd both the obieotor and tho objoetion. i'j!on!? ,'H? lo 8lV0 a^orl of advico to Mr. Walton ; . ' Don t do dirty work for any man, but mind your own buBiuou!' ?.'-???.' FIRST DAY. TVodnesday, 6th May. Punctually at the appointed hour, tho lioraoa wero Baddled and brought to tho post, to ooutond for tho Maiden Plate. Thoro was five entries for this race, m oluding Soho, Booswing, Empress, ''Ganieoock. and tlio Flrinff Fox. all of which appeared as though this dutica of thfatahios h.dbeen BaJfy nejlected. The race wa« ono of two inilo* ; weight for ago. It waa an easy, vio- tbry for' Mr: Kennedy's horse FlyingTox (brodon tho Bilfybong) ; ho is a shortleggod, iinmonaoly powerful. MimaVwltU » fine dash of speed and of undeniable bottom; aa was shown ngamst Firolnil on the second day, ho is by old Ao'eon out ofa Fetor Finn mure. , : THB MAIDB.V FLATB of 05 sovs.. : Two miloj. Ono event. For hor«BS that had nevor won an advertised 11? John Kf nnody's br g Flying Fox, 4 yre, eat lllb. . . . 1 Mr. Walton's t- g Suho, oged. o-jt Sib ? 3 Mr. Burrows's b m Beeswing, yrs. 8«t lllb ? J Mr. Ii»nctrs b m Empress, nged, Ost olb ? * Mr. Caple's bg Gamecock, - yr?. 8st lllb. ... . . . . ... ..... dls Betting : Even on Gamecock ajainst the fiold ; 5 to £ agst Flying Fox: 4 to 1 agst Beeswing; fl to 1 ngst Empross. Tho hotting waa principally conflned to tho favonrite, who w»b a great ' pot' for this raco. Soho iumped off with the load, and mado tho running at a eood bat for half a milo, -when tho Hying Fox who htid been lying about a length behind, -wout up, defeatod him in a few strides, add won in tho commonest of can tors by ten lengths. Gamecock bolted in tho oarly part of tho raco, and was distanced. : Tho noxt and great race of tho mooting was a noli :prizo, tho Grand Sweepstakoa. Of tho entries for this raco, four only oamo to tho poBt, viz., Flying Doe, Firo tail; Haphazard (lato Tom Dunnage), and Caledonia. Tho raooJny entirely betwoen Mr. M'Konzie's horso 1'iro tail, and Mr. Green's maro. Punctual to tho timo, all the nags appeared at the post, and* there wo many anxious momenta whilo tho aniraala woro taking their preliminary canter. Tho money changed hands pretty freely upju this race. Tho known qualities of U-.«pro- vincial horeo Firotail, and rocollectiona of tbo difficult task Mosstrooper had last yoar in shaking him ofi, gavo a just amount of confidence to his 'backers,' who sported thoir rhino, and flashed tho flimsios with great spirit. Firotail'B condition was not firat-rate; he wan rathor short of work, and appoarod to want moro timo, while tho Flying Doo's form was tho thomo of general admir ation ; her graceful nnd ologant form nnd easy gait whilo taking hor ahort gallop with Sam Holmes on hor baok, formed a grand object of Btudy for an nrtisfc. She looked all over a race- horse, nnd waa ahko a credit to trainer and broedor. Doubts woro oxpressed by many hero, if over hor equal will appear on tho Doniliouin courso again. Hor presont appearance, coupled with her recent poformanccs, fresh in tho memory of tho sporting community, induced her ad mirers to lay out money on hor frcoly. Tho hotting, which was entirely confined to two, commoncod at cvena, tho maro having tho call ; eho incroa3od in favour until ahe was baoked at guiuoas to pounds, and in a few instances to 5 to i. At a quarter to ono, Mr. Brougham with usual punctuality, rang tho boll for Gr&no;'Swbgf of 20 sove, with 100 bovs added from the raco funds ; opon to all horses ; entrnnco to bo do ? ckred under sealed cover to treasurer, on or before ? tho 1st March, enclosing amount of ontranco and po digroo of horses j two miles and a distanco heata ; -weight for ago. Fivo acccptod, and toren paid half forfoitofflOoach. Mr. Gnnloy'a br in Flying Doc, 4 yrs, Sit ''R-jy;^; x 1 Mr.'M:Kraite'VclVB'Firetiiii.'pged,'ost9Vu''. (Owner) a a Mr. Cartcr'a br g llaphazard (lato Tom Dunnage), aged,o«tolb...T ? (Mltchel.) 3 6 Mr. Wultou's b g Caledonia, aged, Oil Olb ? ^ . . . dla Bettin' at starting : 5 to 4 on tho FlyinR Doo -, 5 to 4 agst Firotail ; 25 to 5 agat Haphazard ; 30 to 10 agat Caledonia. A capital start waa offectod at tho first attempt. Firotail at onco went to tho front, which position ho maintained for tho firs1; inilo and a -half, tho Doo about a loDglh nnd n-half in his rear. Hero the Doo ran up to Firotail, lay on hia quarter until thoy camo into tho atraight running, whoro sho improved her position, and finally won ttf tor a gallant rnco by half a length. -(A protest was banded iu by Mr. Walton a-jabovo dotailcd.), Tho secon.l heat : a capital start was again offected ; Firotnil cutting out tho work for tho first milo and.a half, tho Flying Doo waiting upon him two longtlu be hind. Half-a-inilo from home sho ran up to him, raced with him for a ehort distance, defeated him, and came away, increasing her pace into tlio straight running, and maintained a gallant lesd to tho end, winning by twenty lpnjrtliB. It was very evident that tho superior con dition of the Doe in this heat told greatly in her favour. Firotail was in fact beaten after tho first' milo and a half. Tho winner, after being weighod, was with hor trainer nnd jockoy, saluted with a peal of applauso that literally rent the air. Every person wnj content, feeling assured in their own miuds tho best horse had won. Tho last raco of the day was tho Stockmen's Pureo of ono-milo boats. cnrrvinE lOst each. A good fiold of mid dling class animals came to tho post to contend for honours, whioh wero confiuod to nags of thoir own im mediate neiphbourhood, oxcopt tho winner Valontino, a three-year-old colt, aud full hvother'to Flying Fox. He is a fine slashing colt of great tho, with good blood on both sidea ; he has, liko hia brother, a good turn of speed, and is very constant. With judicious mimugo laont and care, ho will bo heard of anothor day ; ho won vory easily. The Stookhen's Porse of 20 nov», for untrained horses, carrying lOst ; pout entry ; milo heats. Mr. John KonnedyVbr g Valentin*, 3 yr», lost ? 1 1 Mr. Win Burgess's ur g Grey Jack, aged, lost ? 3 1 Mr. Wm.M'Kcnzle's Annie Idurle, aged, 10--t ? 3 3 Mr. Smith's bg Clipper, aged..-. ? 0 0 ? Walt-a--Whlle, nged ? 0 0 Betting at starting : Even on Grey Jack ; 3. 4, and 5 to 1 ngat anyolso in tho rnco. Valontino and Groy J»ck went off at score from tho post, Valontino with a Blight lead, tho rest all in a cluster. After going in thia ordor for half-a milo, whon tho paco became too strong for Annib Laurie, tho Clipper, and Wnit-a- Whilo, they gradually retired from any further contest in tho race, and left tho two leading horaea to finish tho work. The young one with hia condition out-piwscd the old horse at tho finish, aud 'civmo in an easy winnor. The second heat was very similar to the firnt, Valentino boing hard held all tho way. -j All fooling perfectly satisfied with tho day's sport, wended their °-vay across the plains back to our old sporting friend Taylor's, mine host of tho Royal hotol, to enjoy tho good things of tbia lifo, which he upon all oc casions so genorously distributes. Wo wero not upon reaching his house at all disappointed. A moro sump tuous repast, including evory availablo delicacy of sea son, ovor graced tho f estivo board, of which about 70 sat down (all freo gratis aud for nothing), to. replenish tho inward man. SECOND DAT. Thursday, Oth May. Thursday morning broke forth -with a cloudless sky and a brilliant sun, which gavo tho beautifully situato i and highly favoured spot on which stands tho littlo town of Deniliquin, a pioturesquo aspect rarely to be Been. In cIobo approximation, tho river Edward, with its froo andnnintorruptod flow of crystullino water, por covoring with its onward progroes through mountain and valley, contributed to form one grand natural pioture. This, in conjunction with tho email groups of smiling faces, at once foretold darao Nature wo intended with the apparent preparation tho townspeople wcro making at curly mom to havo a holiday, inspired every individual with a firm conviction that tho company would ho far more numerous than on tho fonnorday. Thii, then, with a good bill of fare, no longer left the pleasure-Becking peoplo any doubt as to tlio remit ; nor wore thoy in any way duappointod ; tho number waa double as on tho first day, whilo tho sport lacked nothing in interest of the preceding day. Tho first raco of tho day was tho Town Plato, for which thero wero four entries. Only three camo to tho poBt— Flying Doe, Game Cock, aud Firotail ; Haphazard boing drawn. The frionds of tho horse, not at all daunted by tho horse's defeat on tho former day, and tho know ledge of hor having to carry 71b. extra, found for tho horse plonty of hackors at vory slight odds. Tho dis tanco boing thrco niilus, with Ost. 41b. on her back, was thought by a fow to bo a greater task than sho would bo ablo to accomplish. However, tho rosult decoiyod tho pa'rtios entortuiuiug these views, as tho maro again, aftor a uovcro raco, dofeatud her tough opponent, who from his symmetry and wind appears to 1)8 ablo to run month heats. The following is the result : — Tin: Dkniliqdi.v Town Plate, of 100 bovs, with a sweep of 4 bovb oach added; thrco milos; ono ovont; weight for ago. Tho winnor of tho Grand Sweepstakes not to carry more than 71b. oxtrn, at tho discretion of tho utowarda. Mr, Gauley's br m Flying Doe, 4 yrs, carried Ost 41b .... Mr.'w.'M'Kcnii*-'Vciig'iVrVtailVnge(V»Vt'olb\\\\.,(0\nier) a Mr. Caple'a Gnmecook, 4 yrs ? (Mitchell; dla Mr.Carler'a llaphnzurd ? ; ? , Ur Dotting at starting : 0 to 5 on tho Doo; a to 1 a'st Firetail ; 20 to 1 ogst Gamecock. All horeo3 got away upon good terms with oach othor; Firotail loading, Gnraeoook 'second, and the Hy ing Doo last. Firotail's ownor ovidently intended making a waiting race, at a Blow paoe, but Holmes would not have it. Thoy kept in this position at a misorablo paco for tho first half-milt, when Mr. M'Konzio found out it was no go, sot to work in good earnost, and horo tho raco may ho said to have begun. Firetail kopt tho lead, at a rattling bat twice round, nnd until coming into the straight, whero . the littlo mare again went up, and after a severe struggle, was once moro laudod a winner amidst shouts of applaiuo that woro many and loud. Game cook, after going ono mile, found tho pace too good, and liko a wise animal, suddenly out it, and loft tho loading horses to finish tho contest. ' THuLADita'PujisuofM-sovaj two mile heats ; welter woighta. Thia brought to post, out of tho six entrios, but four, viz., Firetail, Soho, Haphazard, and tho Flying Fox. Mr. Ganley's Flying Doo was drawn. Somo con siderablo time ofapaod before this race took placo (in cousequonco, and very ju»t too), the rnco Firetail had in tho Town Plato. Tlio frionds of tho old horse wore still oagor to back him against tho Flying Fox, in spito of tho raco ho had iust run, whilo tho owner, Mr. Kon nedy,' from tho Billybong, Btuck to his horso and backed him for a nico little stako, which ho won, as tho result below will show. Prior to tho start, Mr. A. Green made Mr. Konnody an offer for his honn of £125, and and to give him the Btako if ho won it. Tho result allows that Mr. Groon hod his oyo-teoth cut, and that ho know a good horso when he saw him. Mr. John Kennedy's br g Flying Fox, 4 yra .'. ? i .. i Mr. Win. M'Kcnzta's ch g rlretall, nged, list 1 lib. .!.. ' ? ??????' ? (Owner) a 3 ———————————— ? -— ^^^^kM* v- - xi Mr. Carter's brg Haphazard, age,!, list lllb (MitchMM?-' ?;??'? 1 Mr. Walton's bg Soho, aged, list lllb ? 1»«--MU) di»;,'-- § Tho first heat, Soho nnd Flying Fox won't' awiVV* ' 1 raciug pace, whioh they maintained until within '*? *'? 1 quarter of railo from homo, .when Flying For sli?-' ^ 'I head, and won easily by ton lengths, hard held.- 1W:S ?'?V'.'l saved hia diatanoo. -Haphazard, who was distanced ^'?'?-?B out of conipllmont to his owner allowed to BtarU't-.*' ? I not having a ghost of ohuioo. ^Tho betting' was »V .*' I oveni inthis boat. ? ? '''i ?;??? ? Second Heat : Betting— 6 ;to 4 on Firetail a-2«fm ?;-'--- 1 Fox, any odds agst Haphazard. v Aftor a lapfs of W ' I an-hour tho nags wore again rosaddled, and escortoJ t ' E tho starter to the' post, who giving the word 'Off '« ' E thoy wont a killing pneo, Mr. M'Konzio evldentl. V. H tending by saving Ilia tho firBt heat, to out Fly[n- '»* .'? I down. Ho made n groat raistako, for ho not oil-* f« i I tho fotir-yoar-old had rjot the foot of his moro Uli 1 I tagonist, hut that with his imraonso brisket, how«ji E ablcdto outlive him; in fact, distanco anncar, , '???'.- I his forto. .-Tho race U easily told; Flying Fox » 7' ' 1 away with tho load, hosdod hia opponent bv a l»n 'il ' m which position ho ran ' tho whole dialance, wbn' ' 1 Tiiibd Race of 10 aova j milo heats : catch wr-i»i i E post entry. 'wguti. m Mr. Kennedy's br o Valentine, 3 yrs ? . '- . m Mr.M'KcnzloVAunloLaurlcnged..... ? '' : ' I' K Mr. Kennedy's gh...... : ? ' , J »? I! ? Botting: Evon on Valontino, and 3 to 1 agiinat I ?? x' other. — V'. 15 Tho brown colt wont, off with tho load, was m. s' ' if oaught, and won by soveral lengths. Second h«It I' ? I Annie Laurio got well off, whilo Mr. Konnedy's colt dia ' P not leavo tho post until they had gono somo digtjnco*' H ho got up to Mb horsos a quarter ot'a milo from home.''' f but tho severity of tho paco to whioh ho was comrollo? ? I? to catch tho loading hones, tojd greatly in finish, ttorehi' ' K losing him tho heat, Annio Lai no winning by a WiiT' II Third heat: A.fino race from beginning tothenS I'i Annie Lau'rio and the colt wero at ding-dong, whip Mlt-' ' m spur, from tho jump to tho finish ; a more oxcitiuK con ? is test I novor saw, the colt winning by barely a neck '' in from sheer pluck. If ho cannot. take hia whack of whm ' 1 and spur and stiok to it, I am no judgo. All f eoline : 1 perfectly satisfied with. his days diversion, mado (ha K jest way homo, in ordor to prepare for tho race-dinner K provided by Mr. Whipples, of the Wanders hotol, who* ' I ;a»to for catering tho good things of thia life i« ptont. ? bial. At sovon o'olock Mr. Brougham, a woll known B and much reBpected sportsman, was called upon to fiH ? R theohair, nnofllco of -which ho is thoroughly ma8tcr. E Dr. Jonoa, n man of litornry attauimenta, occupied thsiVVB vico-ohnir. The guosts wero about GO in numbor, and &S;' ? moro rospoctablo company not easy to fiud. %tr'- : I chairman, of tor proposing tho usual loyal toasts, ens';''- I ' Tho winnora,' with throo timoa three; Mr. Anthonj't'l Greon, tho ownor of tho Flying Doo, responded to tiJ':-: .': I high (compliment pnid him by tho ohairman in terror' I Tory appropriate to tho occasion. Mr. Groon horo gave . ? a full explanation of tho treatment ho received at thS' ' ? I hands of Mr. 15. Row, in protesting against tho Hying'.-; I Doo, which statomont recoivod great credit,. and w»V ' I af torwardB tho subjoot of Btrongromark from all presont;, ; I Tho vice-chairman hero took tho opportunity of 'making' ' ?? 1 known hia opinion in tho mattor, in terms uot of veri. '? ; ? complimentary naturo to Mr. Row. That gentleman'- ,- '? ' 1 statod thero woro no tangiblo grounds- for such protect^'1 I Tho mooting broke up about ono o'clock, aftor partaking .? ? I ef a fair sharo of tho good things of thia lifo, perfectly - I satisfiod in every rospoot. After politoly thankimr tha ?? . I ohairman for the nblo manner in which ho fulflllodV ' I his post, tho company retired. P.S. — Mr.Greenpurclmod. I tho Flying Fox for ono hundred and fifty pounds, ' ? I don't profess to bo a tip-top judgo, but I I oortainly confesB I think him a vory ohcap nnimiU, I Ho is very poworful and goes in good form, and will- ..- I provo a troublesomo ou-tomor for tho best horso in '? Victoria to beat ; his blood is undoniablo on both sides, l ? I Actseon and Peter Finn ; ho appeara to possess evory rev' I quisite that constituces a race horso. V I THIRD DAY. I Friday, 7th May. ?-?; I The steeplechaso, which appoarod to create the most .' I interest, brought out Boveral aniuiahi of by-gono d«yi, I whoao performances havo beon from timo to time chro- I nicled both, bore and in Victoria, -with honours thoy can . I never again lay claim to. Poor old Volunteer, whose I bodily appoarance was drat-rato, but alaa,! he is like a I house -without a good foundation, bis pins aro worn out,' I and well would it bo wero his ownor of tho samo opi- I nion, and turn him out for what ho has dono. TallBny, . tho winnor of many a sovore raco over n big country, waa in wretched bad plight, truly pitiable to observe, added another victory to hii long litt of winning). ' 8oho, whoso reputation must havo arii^n from imagi nation, and not niorit, cut up a miserable cur. A water ? cart or dray is hia proper placs, and uot Btccpleclmsing. I would advise hia owner, for his own credit sako. not to ontcr him in ' any racos where foncos aro included. ' Wbitcfooi, a small bush horse, run exceedingly veil, and had he been woll riddon, would, in all probability havo won. ThhFublioass1 Pubsb, a hurdlo mco of 50 sovs, heab, twico round, over six leaps four foot high, -weight for ago, not welter wcig}it$. Mr. William Burgess's brg Tall Boy, aged, 9st 91b . - ? ..(Mitchell) 4 1 I ???. Mr. Stlvons's ch g Volunteer, nged.OjtOlb (Owner) 1 4 3'' .. Jtr. 1'iimatlo's b fi Whltefoot, aged ? (a hid) 2 2 3 llr. Walton's b k Soho, aged ? 3 4 4 -' First heat : Botting oven on Tall Boy against tht , field ; 3 to 1 ngat Whitofoot, 2 to 1 agtt Voluntcor; »? : house to a hen agst Soho. Tall Boy went off with the; ?'. load to tho first fonco, which ho took in froed stylo, Vo- ,.:- lunteer followed suit, in his wako came Whitofoot, [mi ' . lost Soho, who jumped his fonow in cart-liono styls..^ ' Whito thon cut out tho running at such a bat that, ' barring a miracle, ho would suddonly come to griof, which fato bofoll him at the last fonec. This destroyed his chance. Tall Boy refused tho last fence, ' running by tho end of it. Volunteer, who had been kopt back the whole way round, took his jumps well, and cantered in by luihsolf an easy winner of tho first . heat. ? ' ' Second heat : Even on Volunteer a-zainst tlio field, which found but very fow takors. Tall Boy, who took his jumps in his old stylo, won m ho pleased ; tho rose, , including Voluntoor, refusing almost evory fenco. Soho, in thia heat, waa ridden by hia ownor1 (about 15 st. ia.. woight), and presented a picture of tho Johnny Gilpin stylo, with bia sloevcs turned, up, crcatod no little; amusomoiit for the spectators. It.vorifled tho savins-,.. I ' Tho wrong man in tho wrong plaoo.' Voluntoor still . I refusing, tho raco waa left ontiroly to Tall Boy, who was.,. ' I boautifully riddon by Mitcholl ; the old homo showed, - I strong signs of weakness, Btriking his fonces heavily :V I and his ownor may say, ' Thanks bo to Mitoholl's paus^ of hauds for landing him a winnor.' ??? Tradessies's Plate, of 50 bovs, 2-mil» hoat-i, weight, for age, -was; won by Mr. A; Croon's br g -1-yr Ilovorono Spurgeon (late Flying Fox), Mr. Grcon declaring to win with bim, thoro being nothing olse in tho raco oxcept the ?Flying Doo. Volunteer eutored to fill up thj race,* but did not start. Mr. Anthony Green's b g Reverend Spurgcon, late -j Flyln/r Fox. Sat lllb ? I ,'? Mr. Ganley's br m Flying Doc, 4 years, 8st Ulb ? ^ dr Mr. Green declared to win with tho Iloverond Spuft ' geon ; thoy cantered round tho first time, the noil -.? round tho paco boenmo strongor, and tho lievorcnu ' Spurgoon passed the chair at his easo, was doolared tho - winnor. Ho walked over for tho noxt heat, Mr. Gab* toy's mare being drawn. Tun Consolation Stakes of 30 sovs. ; milo hoats; a handicap ; fell to Firotuil after ft gotd race with Grey ? Jaok. giving him a atono. - ? Mr. M'Keuzle'a cb g Firotail, lOat lib ? (Owner) 1 1 ? Mr. W. Burgcas's gr g Grey Jack, Oat.. ? (Alud) 3 3 ? This onded ono of tho moat brilliant meetings that - ? over took plaoo in tho vioinity of the Edward Itivor. ' B Losors as woll as winnora wont away oxprossing their ? entire satiafaction at tho reault, stimulated to bring out ' ? fresh na-js another ROarjon to agnin contond for tho great: ; ? sweopstukos which is already subscribed for next season. ? : A COHKESl'ONDENT. ?'; I 