I FBEE CÓ\JfibH',lNCONSISTEN0y. I Woo unto you Scribes anil Pharisees, hypocrite* I for ya'ar Ilks unto wbltod *spalohras, willoh Indócil appsar bosatlfc outward, but ara witbia full of doad mon's bonoo and of all ac olaannoM). Kvon so yo niuo outwardly appear rlghtoons unt mon, bul within yo oro full of hynoorlsy and iniquity,-M«ti XXIII, S7,38. TO TUB EDITOR 07 THE EMPIRE. Sra-When Knox and his coadjutors entered upon tb work of reforminging the Church of Scotland, and plaoini her upon the basis of a distinct, an independent, and i national institution, patronage was in cxistonco, i.e. the sovereign end oertain noblemen and gentlemui possessed and exercised the right of putting into posses sion of certain of their lands and tenements vaha minitteri soever of those pronounced by the Church judi catories duly qualified they chose. That the patror. should have possessed and exorcised this right seems t< bo quito ia accordance with the well-established anc -universally admitted maxim-" Every man may do witl: his own what ho pleases." ' * The rteformors were of this opinion ; and aocordinglj we And in the Constitution. for tho Church whiah tho] framed in 1000, at the instance of the Scottish Parlia ment, these two plain and unequivocal' clauses, recog< nising and guaranteeing the rights of patrons-" The presentation of tho patronage always to be reserved foi the just and ancient patron;" and elsewhere-"Pro- vided the foresaid- Presbytery shall bo hound to receive and admit whatsoever duly qualified minister be pre- sented by bis Majesty or other lay patron." That theso clauses expressed the sincere, deliberate, and Axed opinions of the Scottish Reformers with respect to tho rights of patrons, is evident from tho faot, that although the Constitution embodying them waa revised most carefully no fewer than four times, they were never expunged or modified. They appeared in their integrity in the Constitution which was ratified in 1081, and beoamo from and after that date part and paroel of the law of the land and of the Church. This Constitution, embodying these two olauses, so very strong and deolsive on the subjeot of the rights of patronB, is styled by the Free Church historian of the Church of Scotland, " The great oharter of the Churoh's liberties." , The Churoh for sovoral generations regarded it as suoh. . / So highly did they appreciate its justice, wisdom; and general oxcellenco,' that thoy would not oonsent to any alteration of it either in spirit or in lotter. When they were offored tho right* of patronage for a merely nominal sum, they oil but universally refused to avail themselves of the offer, rightly judging that in rendering ot once unto Cowar tho things that wore Casar's, and unto God tho things that were God's, and not otherwise, could they realiso perfection as Christians, and happiness, stability, and prosperity ns a Church. But oven in the best of institutions worked by human agency thero is tho corruption of fallen humanity. Alas I the Church of Scotland, although fashioned in every part after tho : Divino oxample, wai not an exception. Tho mystery of iniquity, whioh had long been latent, began to work in her very vitals, in the hearts of her Priests and Lovites, and unmistakeably developed itself about tho year 1833, in the' form of dissatisfaction, pride, and umbi tion. The charter of the Church must be revised-both the keys and the sword must bo appended to the girdle of truth wherewith thoy preferred to bo girt. They must wield not only the key of admission to the office of the ministry, but tho key of the patron's- tenements wherein that office was to bo exercised. They must wield not only the sword of tho Spirit, the word of God, but the sword of the State, tho word of tho lawgiver ; they must ba not only "Imperium in imperio," hut the " Imperium " itself. This dissatisfaction, pride, and ambition they artfully eonocolcd and disguised urider tho name of jealousy fo'r the rights and liberties of the Christian people. So successful wero they, that wbon they found the oivil government too wise and "strong, and determined to submit to their unjust and arrogant demands, they succeeded in persuading not a fow simple- minded Christians, whom they oarried away by their joint dissimulation. In 1843, all being ready for revolt and insurrection, about 400 ministers, 200O elders, and a considerable body of tho laity, left the holy and beaut!, ful house where their fathers had worshipped at Jeru< salem, and built for their idols a templo on a mountain in Samaria. And many a martyr, woe's mo I wont, And many an an gol g tear. With that ungraoious band that day, With that robollious company. But tho Free Churob when she had attained an inde- pendent and irresponsible position was not long in betraying the hollowness of ber professions, and exhibit- ing herself to tho werld in hor true obaraoter. No sooner had she broken osunder the bands of law- ful and wholesome government and restraint than she sent out a deputation to the slave States of Amerioa. For what purpose t To preach deliverance to tho cap* tive, to open the prison doors to them who were bound, and to let tho oppressed go free I Ah, no I Tho Free Church sent a deputation to tba slave States of America to excite the sympathies of the slaveowners, toingratiato herself with them, and to beg money from them. Yest hear, O Heavens I and givo ear, O Earth 1-tho Free Church of Scotland-this ohnrnpion nnd guardian of thc rightB and liberties of the Christian people-sent forth ber minions to crave tho sympathies of men whoso croad, whose Pator Nosier, and whose decaloguo was slavery; to worm herself into the affections of men to whose hearts tho clonk of the chains, and tho hiss of tho scourge, and tho shriek of degraded agonized humanity was sweetest musio; to wring from thoir vile hands the draohmB they had coined from the lifeblood of tho slave. Tho deputation was successful. They roturnod laden .with 3000 dollars, weighed to them in tho balance of un- righteousness as the wages of iniquity. ' Unlike tho priests in the days of.our blessed Lord, -the Fi ou Church did'not buy with them a field to bury strangers in-sho cast them into the treasury of Lord. O témpora.1 O mores I "Rome, thou hast lost thy breed ol noble bloods?" She who refuted to recognize a patriot's right to dis- pose of his land and tenements according to the laws of God and man, recognized and ratified the rights ot a slave owner to sell bis fellow man, perhaps a temple for the Holy Ghost to dwell in. She who - was too fastidious to eat broad from the King's table, and feared to pine to death on his dainty meat-ate, and. battened, and fattened, and hoped to grow to tho measure of tho stature of tho fulnoss of a perfeot Church on tho price of blood. But, while the flosh WOB yet between her teeth, the fiery flying serpents of popular indignation fillod the ecclesiastical atmosphere of tho Scottish capital. Exe orations loud and deep were beard on all hands. Tho vory stones rose ip mutiny, for tho publio buildings were inscribed, " Give back the money." ' Another suoh BUooesB and abo would have been un. dono. As it is, the blood of tho slave leaves in overy step of her progress a stain darker and more indelible than the blood of Rlzzio on tho stairs of Holyrood. It cries for vengeance, and it will bo hvenged, Fellow' Christians! If inoonsistenoy in action marks insincerity of profession, must not the Freo Churoh be 'insinaere, a cheat, and an imposition. Can she be worthy of your sympathy and support ? 3\. Tho Free Churoh, as represented in this oolony by the Synod of Eastern Australia, refuses to recoivo nid of tho State in the erection of her Churohes, Sea., because that aid is afforded to Romanists, Episcopalians, Wes. leyans, ¿co. Bo far, well. If her confidence is fonder, who would condemn her conscientious soruples I Who would not respeot and applaud thom I . But how does the Synod of Eastern Australia vindioato in notion hor sinoority in professing ? I am not nwaro that sho bas aotually asked sites for hor Churches, icc, from the State, but I know that the Synod of Victoria has asked thom repeatedly, and asked them urgently and clamo- rously, and I know that tho Synod of Eastern Austrnlia rognrds the Synod of Viotoiia ns a sister loving and beloved. Now, I would ask, whero is tho diffaronoe in prinoiple between receiving pecuniary aid from tho'Stato for the oreqtion of a Ohurob, and recolving aid from tho same State in the shapo of land whereon to oreot a Churah t If there is a sacrifice Of prinoiple involved in tho 'one, thoro is also a sacrifico, as great a saerifloe, involved in the other. Further, the ministers of the Synod of Eastern AUB* tralla uss freely and regularly .the Gourt-houBos in the localities in whioh they bavo no houses of worship While tho State contributes only onc.half of the expense of creating Ohurohes, thoy build tho Court-houses wholly 'at their own expense. RomanistB, Episcopalians, and Wes leyans uso them as places of publio worship j and they aro used for lectures, balls, and exhibitions of a vory quostionablo ohiirnoter. How inconsistent is tho conduot of tho Synod of Eastern Australia in this matter 1 Tboyaannot, on principio, worship in buildings elected in half by tho State, but theyoan conscientiously worship in buildings oreoted wholly by tho State I They cannot on principio worship in buildings sat apart solely for their use; but they oon conscientiously worship in buildings in which all h ovo and use a com. mon right I They oannot on prinoiple worship in buildings . 'nfrnd to their own peculiar forms, but they ii conscientiously worship in a Pantheon, nu edifico oommon to «ll the gods, supornal and \--. Fellow Christians, if inconsistency in aotion mink ¡nslnoerlly In persuasion, must not the Synod of Eastern Australia bs. tasla«6'»< « chi»», gad M im position? Can abo bo worthy of your sympathy an support0 8\. The Synod of Eastern Australia refuses Stat« on dowment of her Cburobes, becauso it is cxtendod t Romanists, Sea., but abe hos no objection to rrceivo tb State College Endowment. She is most anxi-ms, sh ÍB straining every nerve to seouro it. Never «'ill sh rest until she can erase from her -escutcheon, .. Vix e nottrdvoca." How inconsistent is ber conduct in tbi matter I Sho cannot on principle accept State endowment fo her Churobes, because it is granted to Romanists, Sea, but she can sue for endowment for her college, oltbougl that endowment, too, is common to the Romanists, icc She cannot on principia aocept £100 or £200 for he ministers who preach, but she can conscientiously su for £10,000 tn build a hall, and £000 a-year for i minister to teach in it 1 She cannot on prinoiple accept an endowment that i merely contingent, but she can conscientiously sue fo: an endowment that is permanent. Is not this inconsistent ? Follow Christians I If inconsistency in aotion marin insincerity in profession, must not tho Synod of Easteri Australia bo insinoero, a cheat, and an imposition I Can she be worthy of your sympathy and support f 4\. The Free Church professed to leave the establish ment on principle-high ond holy principie. ' How has she vindicated her sinoerity in this pro. fessionf i Judging the tree by its fruits, one cannot resist thc I conviction that her professions were false. v Judging her by the standard of Christian heroism furnished in tho New Testament in the lives of its worthies, ono feels that it was falso. ' A man who aots ! on principle allows nothing to come into competition with its diatoms. When he stiffens tho moral sinews, and summons up the blood of principle, and puts on the aspect of a moral hero, never does be belie his pro- fession. St. Paul forgot tho things which were behind ; ho counted all things but loss, and dung for Christ, Nay, even his oonverts took joyfully the spoiling of their goods for conscience' sake. The Free Church ministers came forth from the assembly hall bravely, hut tho eoho of their footsteps had scarcely died away within its hallowed preoincts when they furnished melancholy evidenee that their principles were thoso of regret for what they had lost and of anxiety for what they should gain-the flesh- pots of Egypt, with their savoury leeks and onions, and the bill of fare that might await them on tho great table d'hote of their Spartan neophytes. Scotland rang for months.with tho dolorous wail " O the churches, the manses, the glebes, and tho stipends." Scotland was for months tho theatre of dissolving view» in the spectacles of Free Church ministers weep- ing ovor their sacrifices-not the sacrifices of the sanctu- ary, but sacrifices of ohurohes, manses, globeB, and stipends. Tho pay tables of tho poor operatives of the towns and tho cabins of the wretched islanders were besieged by Fren Church harpies, who wrung from tho hard hands of peasants their vilo trash. They had surrendered their souls to the Freo Church from tear of thc Devil, and they must surrender their , substance for the fear of man. How cruol were suoh exaotioosl What a libel upon a work of faith and a labour of love I Contributions in money and kind wero levied on all hands. Tho garners of the Free Church were soon filled to overflowing, and "Sufficient unto tho day is the evil thereof" waa preached with wonderful sinoerity and unction by those who were provided against a seven years' famine. The Free Church ministers were within a short time most fully indemnified for .their sacrifices, and were enabled through the medium of insuranoe to transmit a sweet savour of their self-denying spirit to their widows and orphans, in the shape of £ö00 secured upon the life of each, when they should bo called by Him who they firmly believed would not seo the righteous for- saken, nor bis seed bogging bread. How can such men profess to have seceded from their parent Church for conscience' sake I' How can -they represent themselves as tho martyrs of modern times 1 In vain shall we look for any points of resemblance between them and tho worthies and martyrs of the Bible. Tho Bible martyrs went forth at the call of duty, not snowing whither they went. The Free Church martyrs did not take one' step until by ten years' agitation they had scoured a smooth path and on easy journey. Tho Bible martyrs exeroised a noble generosity in securing provisions fur their support from day to day. Tba Free Church martyrs» skinned the very teeth of tho poor to furnish them not only for themselves but for their families after their decease. The Bible martyrs were clothed in sheepskins and goatskins. The Free Church martyrs are clothed in purplo and fine linen. The Bible martyrs dwelt in dens and caves of tho earth. Tho Free Church martyrs dwelt in ceiled houses. The Bible martyrs were destitute, afflicted, tormented. Tho Freo Church martyrs bavo their barrels full of meal, and their cruises full of oil. They faro sumptu- ously overy day, and their souls delight themselves in fatness. 1 To what shall we liken this generation of martyrs, oud with what comparison shall wa comparo thom I Wo can't compare, so very tnnoh.tbey striko, ' Nor likon thom, we novar saw tholr Uko. View tho Freo Chutan in what light we moy-try her by what test we choose- compare her with what pattern we please, she stands forth-foul with stains which rio casuistical detergent oan remove: wanting in tho grand essential, sincerity, and abnormal in all her proportions. She is the most wonderful development of the mystery of iniquity the world baa ever Boen-the most subtile the most potent-the most dangerous form of Popery that ever assailed the civil and religions liberties' of mankind. » Fellow Christians I I speak as unto wise men-judge ye what I soy. Can such an institution be worthy of your sympathy and support I SEMPER IDEM. Soorn AUSTRALIAN ENTERPRISE.-Wo havo sometimes hnd to blame our neighbours in South Australia for too great a love of speculation and for the injudicious means adopted to raiso the prioo of flour above what it ought to be, but we have never had to find any fault with them far a want of enterprise or perseverance. The present firmness in the flour market is owing entirely to thoir exertions in endeavouring to open up a fresh outlet for their produce ; and on the success of these it will depend whether tho expectations of holders are to be realised or not-whether, in foot, the present movement will have to bo characterised as a visionary speculation or as a ? sound commercial enterprise, in the advantages of whioh the produotive iuterests of the colony will have a large share, as the confidence of the mercantile mon is fully shared In by the farmers, who will have little of their wheat sold beforo the question is decided. All hopos aro now oantred on the Indian market. It was well known thnt steps had been token to introduco the South Aus- tralian flour to the notioe of the authorities there, but what these were tho public generally did not know until aftor ? tho dinner whioh succaoded tho ' Agricultural Society'^ Annual Exhibition, held a few days sinae at Adelaide. Tho whole matter wns explained by tho after, dinner speeches. - It- appears to havo come to Captain Hart's knowledge that agonts of the Indian Government were purchasing South Australian wheat in the Sydney market. This foot ho rando known to the Governor or South Australia, who at once wrote to the Governor General of India, pointing out that if'South Australian wheat or flour was required for tho troops, tho best piuco from whioh to obtain it would bo Adelaldo. This repre- sentation would, of course, be moro likely to havo effect than if it came, from merchants or interested persons, whose motives would bo open to suspioion. Dy shipping dircot from- Adelaide, all tho expenses of ooraroission and trans-shipment would bo saved ¡ and to support thoir claims to a preference for this supply Captain Hart and another gentleman had eaoh sent a ton of tho best flout ta the Governor- General, as a Borania of what might bo expected from there. No answer can be reooivod for some time, and on the extent of tho orders will very much depend tho prico of flour through tho soaso». On tho same occasion Captain Hart stated that a quantity of flour sent by him to England had arrived in good con- dition, nftor a pnssago ot five months, nnd lind been sold for £21 per ton, thus leaving him about £15 12s, per tah net, aftor. payment of all expenses.-Argus, March 4, THK Hoi.oiiUB SACOHAIUTUB.-lu tho list for now nnd rare plants (at the autumnnl exhibition of tho Australian Horticultural and Agricultural Sooioly ot Sydney), wo find u modal awarded to the grower of a fine specimen 1 of what is cnllod the holohut saceharatus, willoh is de ¡ scribed an similar to. but of larger growth than, tho sorghum mcehnratum, hut whioh is most probably only n I variety of tho latter. It has boan grown from seed in i traduced by Mr, E. Deas Thomson, and is not likely to bo tho true hokhus, unless that gentleman has Intely I reoeived a consignment of seed diffurent from what he ' brought with him on his roturn to tho colony two or . three years nineo. Many persons round Molbnurno hovo plants ndw growing from seed saved from plnnts a grown both here and at Sydney from Mr.'Thomson's f original seed, and those aro not tho holahu* ot all, bttt n . variety-of tho s«anr millet. Tho only seed of tile true 1 hokhus or impheo. which wa hovo hoard ef hiing ii Imported was that sent from Franc« to Mr. Archer, and f we boliovo no ono baa auoceodod \n raising atty plant» , from that,-drgnt, Uetrih 4, ' .' 