FITZROY GOLD-FIELD. [FROM OUR SPECIAL, COMMISSIONER] No. 4. The probabilities being so much. against the occurrence of such a favouring series of car. distances as those I have detailed as being necessary to the d>°C0Tery of a really payable gold-field in this district, it becomes next a matter of serious consideration how those now assembled at Rockhampton and Canoona are to be provided for. Individual cases of poverty or destitution are admittedly to be relieved by individual charity; but, where the destitution affects a very large section of the community, and threatens a social disorganisation, it becomes the duty of the State to interfere, and check the evil. As yet everything at Rockhampton has been quiet, but the distant murmurs that pre- cede the storm have been heard upon more than one occasion, and crowds have been worked to that pitch of nervous excitement that it would have required but one false move one wrong word, to have made them break over the tha down line, the rubicon of order. In this position of affairs, the land of the district naturally presents itself as the first and most legitimate means of checking the social evil that threatens us, and of furnishing the employment that is so much needed. A sale of township lots has been already advertised for the middle of next month and the sale once over, a great number of stores, dwellings, and other buildings will be erected, furnishing thereby the means of living to very many now here. In the interim, the staff of surveyors that left Sydney by the Wonga Wonga, and have arrived in Rockhampton, will no doubt be employed in surveying suburban lots for small farms. The choice of the spots to be measured out for this purpose is a subject that will require no small amount of consideration. I regret much that I have not a sufficient acquaintance with ordinary tropical productions, the nature of the soil they require, and the mode of cultivation employed, to enable me to speak authoritatively of the capabilities of the soil here for their remunerative culture. Every- where I have been, I have found the land to be exceedingly rich. At Rockhampton, and in its vicinity, it consists of rich alluvial deposits, covered with a thick coating of grass which, parched up one week by the burning rays of the sun, is fetched up by the first shower, tal), green, and fresh as ever. The downs and flats I have described on the road to Canoona consist of a black soil, fat and unctuous, and clinging after rain to the boots of the pedestrian, choking up the wheels of drays, and accurru lating in masses on the hoofs of horses and cattle. It resembles very much the rich black soil that so much prevails in the Liverpool Plains district. This ground, seemingly so rich and so capable of production, is most fatally affected by drought. After the heaviest rain, a couple of days' sun hardens the surface into a crisp crust; with each succeeding day's heat this crust becomes thicker, cracking on the surface, the cracks gradually widening and deepening as the drought continues, until the clods thus produced are hardened to the consistency of brick, and entirely denuded of moisture. The soil throughout the district may be said, then, to be a strong allusion, more or less unctuous, and in such a soil and under a tropical sun, I am firmly convinced that none of the cereals would flourish. Maize might probably be reared, and in a favourable season might be brought to perfec- tion, but in ordinary seasons it would afford but stunted stalks and meagre cobs. In the winter season, say for about four months in the year, peas, beans, salads, every article of the English kitchen, garden may be raised in abundance, and with astonishing rapidity, but one day's exposure to the sun's rays When their power is renewed will burn them off the ground. Thus, when I first reached Rockhampton, in the middle of September, one of the first things I looked for was the evidence of cultivation, and I found as my reward a melancholy patch of what had been a month previously a flourishing garden, but which now offered a doleful spectacle. Peas hanging dead, and parched upon the stakes up which they had vainly climbed for shelter; beans denuded of leaves, raising up their skeleton seems, the very ghosts of vegetation, black and withered ; pumpkins trailing along the ground, vainly endeavouring to hide their tender shoots, all that remained to them of life, from the fierce devouring rays ; cabbages, with their leaves drooping down from the stem, half burnt, and utterly disheartened from any further attempts at vegetation; everything, in fact, showing that the season for horticulture had passed away, even at that early period. At Archer's station, I am informed, that a small garden is kept up, but only with great trouble and expense, the plants having to be watered copiously, in order to preserve their vegetating powers. European products must therefore be left out of the question, as articles whereby the farmer of Northern Australia can ever hope to gain a livelihood and we are thrown back upon those crops more suited to the tropical climate they will have to endure. First amongst these is the cotton plant, and to judge by the magnificent specimens of the wild cotton that are to be seen growing in the greatest luxuriance on the banks of the river, I should say that nothing more suitable either to the soil or climate could well be found. As I am not in possession of any data as to the expense of raising and preparing such a crop for market, I cannot offer any opinion as to the success likely to attend such a culture, but perhaps my remarks may have the effect of drawing your attention more particularly to this subject. Next in order come the sugar cane and rice plant, and the immediate vicinity of some of the many large lagoons that exist here might be found to be favourable localities for rearing them. There are very many other productions that might be cultivated with success, the only drawback being, that but very few of those likely to engage in farming pursuits here, understand the mode of culture necessary for these crops. I have alluded to the fierce heat of the sun, and certainly when, at noon-day, he is almost directly over your head, leaving you scarcely enough of your shadow to cover the toes of your boots as you stand upright, his rays have terrible power ; but with all this, when you are once in the shade, the atmosphere is light and springy, and certainly not more oppressive than that of Sydney. The evenings and mornings, too, are perfectly delicious ; a cool breeze sweeps in from the sea, continuing more or less throughout the night, and making up for whatever inconvenience the body may have suffered during the day from the power of the sun. With the evening, too, come the fireflies, darting hither and thither, glisten- ing and sparkling with ten times more radiance than ever was emitted by the most brilliant dia- monday The mosquitos, too, must not be for- gotten nasty little venomous creatures as they are-that bite with a violence and a venom that astonish the man who has only been accustomed to the puny and effete most to of Sydney. I These insects, however, have only made their appearance since the last rain-that is, within this last week. Apart from the heat of the sun, the atmosphere is not more sultry or oppressive tham is that of Sydney, and the next point to be considered in selecting sites for farms will be the existence of water for the use of settlers. Some difficulty may be experienced on this head, but I hardly imagine that it will be so great as not to be overcome. At Rockhampton, for instance, there is no fresh water nearer than a mile from the present settlement, and then that water is scarcely fit to use, owing to horses and carts being driven in to load there, and to the number of persons who are continually bathing there. To get good water the carts have to go three or four miles farther on. A gentleman of my acquaintance has put down a well on the flat, and though he came to water at a depth of twelve feet, it was too brackish to drink. Farther away from the river, and in the vicinity of the many lagoons that are to be found in the vicinity of the township, I do not imagine that such would be the case, but that, on the contrary, I rather fancy that good water may be obtained at a very trifling depth. At present the squatters about here look with some jealousy upon the men, who threaten, by their in-pouring, to make mincemeat of the noble tracts of country that they fancied were all their own and in this respect the diggers here have done them very great injustice. It has been stated by many in their moments of irritation at finding themselves deceived-that the squatters were at the bottom of the mischief, and that they caused to be circulated the false reports whereby so many had been deluded, in order solely that they might be provided with labour at a cheap rate. But so far from this being the case, the squatters have done all in their power to discountenance the rush ; not because they cared particularly about individual success or failure, but because they knew that with the arrival of the digger, their runs must depart from them. I was much amused by an anecdote of one of these gentlemen. A party of diggers were camped at a waterhole on his run, and one of his shepherds brought a flock of sheep down to this waterhole to water. The diggers drove the sheep back, telling the man that they were not going to let the sheep render muddy the only water they had to drink. This was reported to the lessee of the run, who broke out into a Jeremiad, something after this strain : " What the deuce do the men want here on my run ? If they want gold, why don't they go and get country of their own, and not come upon my country The idea, too, of keeping a man's sheep from his own waterhole ! Let them go and get waterholes of their own, and not come to mine." This is pretty much the case all over the country, for I recollect when the rush to the Rocky River took place, a squatter on the line of road was so much annoyed at parties calling at his station, and camping round his paddock fence, that he had a large board fixed up at the slip panne! on which these words were painted, Private house- no accommodation." Many who read this will remember to have seen the placard referred to. The squatters, no doubt, benefit temporarily by the presence of the diggers, by the ready sale, and the enhanced price of the stock required for consumption ; but in the end the squatters must suffer from the contact by the curtailment of the fair proportions of their runs. Rockhampton, October 21. I arrived here, per ss. Wonga Wonga, on Tuesday evening, having reached Keppel Bay on the preceding evening, after a magnificent run of 96 hours from the wharf to the anchorage off the Green Hills, and that, too, in the face of northerly winds the whole way. The breezes, however, were only slight, and once more was I favoured with an exceedingly pleasant passage. Rockhampton I found somewhat improved in appearance. Several wooden houses are in course of erection for stores, &c;, whilst the Government has a number of men at work putting up wooden buildings for its officials. One or two of these stores are very large and substantial. At the same time, amongst the dwellers in tents, there was the same despondency that prevailed when I left here for Sydney. Numbers, who had quitted Sydney prior to the certain intelligence respecting the gold-field being received there, continue to arrive daily. Some few more dar- ing than their fellows, push on to Canoona, but the majority go to swell the ranks of the dis- contented in Rockhampton, until such time as they find a passage back to Sydney. Everything has been quiet and orderly, though occasionally some solitary individual, heated by drink, or crossed by disappointment, may be heard uttering threats of violence that no one pays the least attention to. It has been said, also, that considerable destitution prevails ; but as yet it has not been made publicly known. The pressing wants of some have been relieved by individual charity, and I cannot fail here to pay a deserved tribute to the benevolence of the storekeepers here. Taking the generality of them, they are a much superior class of men to those who are ordinarily found pursuing their vocation on diggings, and they are as kind hearted as they are superior, for to my knowledge very much distress has been prevented by the generosity and open-heartedness of these gentlemen. From the diggings, the news continues very discouraging. Very few of those now at Canoona are actually at work, and those few are barely earning a living by hard and continuous work. All the prospecting parties that have been sent out have proved perfect failures, not even the colour of gold having been obtained. On Tuesday evening, the 19th, a meeting was held at Rockhampton, to get up a prospecting party. About 150 was subscribed at once, and in the course of yesterday this amount was nearly doubled. At Canoona, order and quiet prevail, even to a greater extent than at Rockhampton; and as a proof of the feeling of the diggers, I was informed that about twenty of them apprehended and brought down to the police camp, two men who had been creating a disturbance, and had been violently ill-using a woman. As there was no lock- up, the police expressed some dis- inclination to take the men, when one of the amateur constables exclaimed, "Oh, never mind. If you can't keep 'em, we'll just time 'em up to a tree, and cow-hide %. pair on 'em handsome." Of course this settled the question, and the men were takes into custody, and dealt with by law the next morning. As a matter of news, I may mention that two men have been drowned here, within the last week. One of them, named John Lamb, was found lying drowned in the creek at the Flour Mill Station, of Messrs. Ramsay and Gaydon. He had been a shepherd in their employ, and it was not known how he got into the water. He had over £32 in money and orders on his person, and it is supposed that he has a wife and child to Sydney. The other man was a digger, named Riley, just arrived from Sofala. He had been out shooting, and, having killed a duck is one of Archer's lagoons, went in to fetch it out, got cramped, and was drowned. Intelligence has been received here of the murder of three men, employed in lambing, at Young's station, at Mount Larcomb, by the blacks. The particulars are not known, but the black police have been sent out on the track of the murderers. The rain that fell about twelve days ago caused a rise of the river, and it has been running pretty high ever since, though for the last day or two it has been falling gradually. Travellers are ferried over by a couple of boats, now stationed there regularly. -?-i---?--------_-?? 