KNr.OlvERUOCKlSR ON CRICKET. At a timo like t he present, when New Soath VV ales, Victoria, and our own Tasmania, bavs all gone torri| oi arily deranged about the ' Ureat Cricket Matches,' past and to come off, perhaps the safest course for us would Iw to make Borne apology for inserting the sub joined rather caustic remarks on the 'nobie- and manly English game,' The followlujr sentiments it will bo seen are not ours, beine the property of ' Doestioks,' they appeared originally in the Knickerbocker Magatino, and our prlvato opinion is that Doesticks ought to he anhamed of himself : ' And spoaking of ' Doosticks,' here aresorrre of his ' Upon Seeing a Cricket Match,' which, although now somo three moons wasted {hav ing been during that time in type), vlU, never theless, prove acceptable to our many readers Hut, hush I it Ib ' Doeallcke' who speaks. ' I havo heard a great deal abont the manly sports of ' Metrie England/ .and have always had a groat respoct &r; experts In tho althUUe games of (lie Britishers. Cricket haa beonsne clfied as * g»mo requiring the greatest posii ble quickness of eye and activity of limb, and I have heretofore looked upon it aa a glorious sport, full of intonso though innocuous oxeile ment. In my lamb-like, innocence I have al ways, until yesterday, supposed oickot to ho a diversion, an amusement, a pislime, a holiday recreation, and nothing but ncul&r; demanstra lion could have convinced mo of my great mistake. The famous ? Elevens' were to pUv e-tnatca at liolmUen; crack men on not)) Bides, heavy bete, spirting world all prophesy ing great things, resolved to go, did go, am disappointed, and 1 may nay, disgusted. Cricket is not a gams; it is a. popular fallacy tn suppose it is ; but it in a solemn ceremony periodically performed with the greatest seri ousness by deluded Englishmen who think they are having fun. Fun ! A cricketer lias no more appreciation of genuine fun than a dead jackass has of a fancy hornpipe. Qritn ?re tho cricketerB, and desponding ; mnileleu, Aejected, forlorn, and bilious. The Pilgrim Fathers, holding ad ont-door prayer meeting on a hilWlde, in four feet of mow ia the mid dls of February, were a gay set of Jolly dogs, compared u- these rueful crioltoting English men, out for a day'a pleasure. A New York loumer inai, ot a ixenuicKy hanging natch, would be a roaring farce by the side of the side of the sportire tragedy of these two crack ' Elevens.' The ghost of Hamtet'a father, Mid the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talk tag over their private outtera at midnight, by tho light of blue fire, would look gay and fea tiro when likened (o the Hoboken cricket ground with a much in progress. Cricket !— hereafter when I want a ►ynomque of all that is intolerably dull and stupid, I shall say, Cricket. When I want to express a grand cli max of spiritless dejection, I shall remark, Cricket. Whan I desire to say of tome man againBt whom I have a mortal spite, that he Is grim-viuged, jaundiced, melancholic, dismal, and gat, I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I shall dodge. And it any man accu ses me in like manner, I shall take out a war rant for defamation of character, and sue him tor maliciously damaging my reputation to a bogs eitent. ' I went to Bobokeo with Dsmphoo], who, although an American it a cricketer. He told me I would see great sport. Got to the Cud, bestowed myself under a tree, white pbool went to the dab. house to attire himself. Presently he appeared again, dressed in white flannel from head to foot. Be Uad & iookevcapon his head, and buckskin Minimi. on bis feet. Just before the game commenced he tied a bedqullton each leg and put on tome leather gloves. Then the people took their placet, the men who were not bowling all took the same position, with (heir hands on their knees, and their chins elevated at an angle of forty-flve degrees. Then the umpire called out 'play;' then the bowler, a dit heartened-iooking man, took up the ball, which tu at hare *s a brick, and threw it with all hit might at a lugubrious individual with a two-handed pudding-stick in his grain, who Wood tn front o! so i » little sticks which were ?tuck In the ground like an unfinished hen ooop. There were two melancholy howlers, two drooping batsmen, and two unfinished hen-coops. When bo dejected man saw the ball coming, he made a poke at it with his fsidding-stick, but didn't hit it; then he sadly rested from bis Wbours, while a number of doleful men on the other side wearily sought for ?the ball. Then the other bowler, with a tad eountenanco. threw the ball at tho other gloomy batsman, who made another dispirited poke at it with his pudding-stick; this time he hit it ; then he ran towards the hen coop, vbUe tho man at his end ran to his heu coop. Then the au.ker put down one mark for his tide; then they all rested indegpondingsilence for five minutes, during which time every body religiously kept mournfully still. I ex. pectod to hear some ono lead in prayer, or be gin a exhortation, or commence reading (he Burial service, or tome inspiriting thing of that kind ; but no one volunteered any amusement, and pretty soon the downcast players resumed the mysteries of cricket. There was more throw ing at the hen-coops, and pretty soon oue was knocked down. Then the batsman, who ought totuveatood before it and stopped the hall, with (lie bed-quilts on his legs, was declared to be ' out.' Then he retired discomfited, while the rest of his eleven set up a dismal groan. Then Damphool went in and took the padding-stick Then the grave man threw ihe ball at Damphool. Damphool poked at it manfully ; then ho ran for the other lion-coop. ?nd the man who presided at tho other pud ding- stick ran for his hen-coop. The bed qmlls on Damphool's legs interfered with his jpeed, and he did'nt get along very fait ; so Ann m&n; oensir«lv took the ball, and knocked town Damphool'i: hen coop ; then Damphool wa» 'ont.' They panseverod in this jocularity until sun-set, at which lime the funeral state of things came to an end. Then the eleven «bose pudding-slick men had made the most jowraeya between tho hen-coops, were declared to ibe the winners ; then they untied the bed quihe from their legs, took off their flannels, «ndwaot home. This is all there is of the game of cricket. It may bo a very brisk amuse ment for some men ; but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure rid in a licareo, or going to a dozen pedestrian funerals for a day's plea sure, as of participating in the gloomy cere monk* of cricket for the same length ol flme.' 