mimxki TUMUT ANXITA T, TJAPV« fritou or; u own co1!ii.'«i»a\mipvp i Since JCsuu first himted and sold Ids" birth right, when hungry, afterwardiMuuiiiling an cmiiire— (shall I call it so?)— of men and horses, till now, horsc-mcing has horn a tavourito amusement. Men of all classes I'rmn tho nohlo to the street vender, interest themselves ii; a coming meeting, and men of all grades oi intellect from a lientinel; to a sliillmg-a-iiiglit siipernumerv. arc 011 fidgets till the struggle is over. AVell, I needn't, like a street preacher, make a lung preface to my discourse. .Suffice it to suv that the Tnmiit course was in excellent'' condition, and many interested spectators were thereon. Uur races commenced 011 Tmvthiv, and f think we may a little pride ourselves— ay, even our small eomnninitv — on the interest that the sporting circles seem to take in our annual meeting. We had a whole township ot strange men and horses, and all conducted themselves well, liless you ! we had a can- vas town— (of course its inhabitants)— vend ing spirits (I don't mean ghosts), "meat and I nut pics," ' ginger-beer, lemonade, soda-water, anil apples." (no oranges), of an uioredahlc extent, worthy of— yes, oHIoinc- husli. As for top-hoots, white cords, 'and other sporting paraphernalia, T will not. speak. The race hall passed off well, and tliats all r can say about it. Our fourth day's races were all private matches. There was not much interest taken in them, and therefore, r ;,lid not attend. The first day's races have already appeared in the Courier, so I shall coinmunuu with— ,t,s, SCOOXI) DAY. -AVKnXKSn.VY. AA elter Stakes ol'-IO sovereigns, for all horses, carrying Hoincbush welter weights. Three, miles. Air. DT' .Mister's Sampson 1 Sir. Mavis's Ijibcrty 2 Sampson cniue in iii splendid stvlo; but the race was reckoned not ipiite tli a-thim/— dodging was the tiiixu. Air. lloon's Sover eign was entered for this race hut did not run. '1 wo-1 ear Old Stakes of 20 sovereigns, for all two- year olds, carrying 7st. From ditch in; about half a mile. Air. Wilson's Whalebone 1 Dir. Kent's Kheuben 2 Air. Madigan's Cireen Linnet. . . ! ,'! Whalehono eame in first, blowing like a whale, tremendously Hogged. Hold Digger's Scurry of £2 ), for all horses, the bona fide property for one mouth pre viously of persons mining in the district. Alile heats. Mr. Harrison's Running liein .2 1 1 Mr. Hargreaves's I Hack .lack 1 2 2 Air. Mull's Whisker 2 2 2 .-.Lt'i'nihi.g Rein eame in stunning, without, much spur or whip; in the first heat lie was evidently reserved, not making tho slightest effort to overtake Black Jack. Hurry Scurry for 10 sovereigns, for horses carrying not less than SsL No horses started far any previous race to he eligible. Air. Murphy's Black Jack 1 Air. Guv's Hilly Morgan 2 Air. lloon's Swccthriar I! Air. Xnrf op's Black Dick -1 Murphy's Black Jack c.anin in in capital condition, without seemingly any Luther. tamil pay. — the its da v. Tumut Town Plate of til) sovereigns, for all horses. Three miles. Air. M '.Ulster's .Sampson 1 Mr. Alyres's (treat Britain 2 Mr. Stedwnrthy's Km press .'1 Air. Davis's Liberty -1 Sampson came in strong as a " linn," and got the money too. About the. jaw-hono of 1111 ass 1 don't know whether it was wanted or not. Publicans' Purse of fit) sovereigns, for all horses. Tins winner of the. Town I'late to carry Tibs, extra, at the discretion of tho stewards. Two miles. Air. Davis's Trail I >y 1 Mr. Mvio's Great Britain 2 Air. Murphy's Digger 2 Digger wasn't in first-rate fettle. Trnnhy Tally-ho Stakes of 20 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns added. Second horse to save his sweep. Alile heats. Air. (Toy's Klnctricity '.. I 1 Air. Davis's Peter Simple 2 2 At r. Davis's Wallaby 2 2 Wallaby lost his stiirt, and Electricity came in an easy winner. Consolation Stakes of 2-7 sovereigns, for all beaten horses that have started, and have not been distanced during the meeting. 'I'o lie handicapped by the stewards, or whom they may appoint. Air. APAIister's Valentino 1 Air. Alyres's Great Britain 2 Several others started for this race, hut were nowhere. Valentine eame in like a true lover to his bride. fourth day. — friday. This day was devoted to private matches ; lint as 1 have stated above thev excited hut. little interest, and I did not attend. Tiiiinit, 2!Hh Alareh, 1858. 