LONDON GOSSIP. J , X {From the Liverpool Albion, March 2t.) A -'plurality of singular coincidences con tinues to distinguish these very odd times of ours, without tho eccentricity of the occur- rences relieving the common place of the sea- sons".." This is the anniversary of the demise of Newton, when death put a total eclipso on jthe sublunary luminary. Next to the fall *of the apple, and the rising of the moon, and, the lap-dog that swallowed the milky waj*, thatí ia, the calculation concerning the illuminated ^promenade of heavenly bodies, the most 'jremarkable thing pertaining to Sir Isaac was -his son, or rather the remark the father made "about that hopeless hopeful. Mrs.. Newton, (baying long wished in vain to he the! mamma , of a boy, and at. last her lucky stars, or her; husband's unlucky one, having, granted her 'philoprogenitive prayer,1 her philosophic spouse " wished her joy on. the birth of her boy,' swho a boy 'would be tO'the end of his life." ?Souoe people tell the tale of Sir Thomas More -and his preferable moiety, "and with greater .^.probability,' inasmuch as Newton was a "^bachelor. Indeed, one can't well imagine the ? great controller pf planets concerning himself * " with domestic satellites ;-a sage familiar with . the ring of Saturn troubling himself with the . small auriferous circlet inducted on i the . feminine finger when the demented male is ''drawn into'". the utterance pf? the sacrificial *,shibboleth " for better for * worse," and finds rthe first two words of the contract omitted for "life "when the honeymoon is over. However, whoever said it, ; one Thomas More applied ¡ the saying to ai certain conspicuous person! ^'five-and-twenty. years ago, who is: more con- spicuous now.; called him a1" boy statesman;" ; declared the ''older he gets the more juvenile :he grows," and would be 3ure to "want judg- ement till the day pf it." ¡ ~ Great vates, was the .¿bard. Little' Î when he so . vaticinated ,-.jni verse.- > 'Behold- -what '. a want ".'.of 'judgment vour. elderly '/infelix ~puer "of a 'Premier, for he it is j of course, exhibits to-day, j, what an eclipse , of the. shrewdness the very word.Derby should suggest. A .Cabinet Council p.'has5 been sitting this -afternpon.p Where? ;|Private residence of the First L->rd of the Trea .38ttry; 23, St. James's-sqùaré ? *1 No.' > Official a residence of, ditto, Downing-streèt,? . : Nol pForeign- office, Admiralty, Privy Council, War-| . office, Horse Guards, Home-office ? No. If .it were there,. .of course every one "would know' that the particular Noodle or special-Doodle of rthe department had nd more to do with the real business being done, than the scraper at the door-step, or any. other convenience about .the premises. Where then ? Why at the official resi . dence of the Chancellor;of the Exchequer? S«i , then the two Kings of Brentfort have left off i sniffing itt the same rose, and the thorns alone ^remain for one of the pair. The nominal Has \- ^yielded the pas to the virtual Premier, and the uh'ead that carries-the brains of Administrative \- Conservatism also carries the honours as well :*as wins the.tricks. . Thus, day by day, is' an i»dditional_ glimpse: afforded of what looms in ,> the future for the public, but what loomed in Vthe -present, now tho past, to tho couple of '"clairvoyants by-whom the many- headed but no; ' "eyed monster, r the " said public," have air along " hoon led. ; When the late Minister, planned his s'.osra ejection, " if .wasn't ;-.that his locum '(mm» : should.be. Tamboff,; but Bucks ;v and, lo, even v' the herd see now that Blicks it is. _ -,V. ". ' -* ! Howlong he is sp to continue it is hot;for the uninitiated (and ^ there are buttwoin the frater 1 nltyV to surmise ; for there is no guessing the / -particular mode in which-tho denouement of the « pre-arranged plot is-"to'be worked out. The ^mystic mouthpiece-of., the right honorable .? eriignia 'says ' to-day, in that half - hdif^holt "' ópen strain' which' so delightfully confuses, -that «îliord Palmerston, with his. usual adroit ^'nessr-not perhaps; meaning/much- mischief, ¿-but keeping his eyes open-ha9 retained bis ^ India Bill on 'the business, , paper of °. the1 ;. House of Commons. ¡ And thus, ,'. if ' TJord Ellenborough - should make any \- kind, of mistake, or leave any fair % opening (ingenuous hypothesis that 'a M fair ;. opening is possible !) the noble Viscount would \- good humouredly take tho sense of the House '.'¡as-tp which was the best bill'of the two ;-and i. then no one can tell what might happen. .' Clearly there is every possible reason for eau ."V.tipn and prudence in constructing a measure v~ upon the character of which so much may de :' pond." What captivating frankness ! " Clearly 1 there , is every possible reason" why a man i should do us ho is bid, first, . when he hus ? agreed to do it, and secondly, when he can't ';; help himself.' " No one can tell what might " happen 1" Wliat a bewitching avowal of artless < -unconsciousness: of the immediate hereafter,;! .' -But then there is a corresponding expose in an >? ? adjoining,, column of, the . same oracle, whored . simulated; indignation is tparaded, apropos of the inevitable Anglo-French-conflagration, as to "a specimen of muçK that is going on, anjî may give us an idea of the difficulties ih ' treading, out dangerous sparks, nnd preventing the people of England and France being led by incendiaries1 into a quarrel." Pretty signifi- cant that of pacific convictions,; and pretty con (lucive to such ends the subsequent sarcasm, namely:-"As to the interior movements of tho French' Governmont.' the threatened resig- nation of Persigny, .and the other changes con- sequent upon it-it would-be scarcely prudent \- yet to, speak. [Thon why not keep silent ?]. Those who desire'with usfas if tho desire wore poculiar to « us !'] the continuance of tho present : good understanding, will join in our hope that \- the surmise will not be realised, that the Count meditates a renunciation of public life, and a resort to some rural retirement." A resort to some rural retirement! What an extremely likely phrase to smooth over acerbities :-how well calculated such sardonic mockery to make Persigny a friend to the Alliance, if ho woro inimical before. Tho animus is pretty much ihe same as that of another retainer of Tiver- ton, tho ex-Secretary of tho .Treasury, Mr. Wilson, who, having, taken the; town house . of tho late Duke pf - Marl- borough, deems it his duty to wear his beaver up, with a terrifically belligerent cook in it ; plumes himself on breathing tho spirit of Maastricht, Ramilies, M al pl aquo t, Oudenurde, and so forth ; and plucks live emperors by the ¡ beard in this fashion in his paper, this morning ; -" It is a hopotess effort to cl oar tho world of ; refugees without also clearing the world of des- potisms. 'Few ought to understand this so clearly as the Emperor. He, If any man, must bo able; to appreciate tho wild hopo, tho restless expedients, tho gloomy rocklessnoss, tho cease- less propagandism, the fovorish pleasure in provoking tho notico and irritating the fears of , arbitrary and established authorities, which Boom uniform characteristics of men whom much oppression has driven mad. Ho muât . know that ovory frosh politioal trouble, every wandering from placo to place, every new ox c'temont, deepens the moody détermination of . i those men to persevere to the end." Very little mistake as to the meaning of all this ; at least M. Bonaparte isn't the least deluded as to what it portends ; and he is taking his measures and ' oar length accordingly. The Palmerston even- ing print keeps up a standing heading culled " The Interregnum," under which it receives conjectures as to the time the present Inquais desplaces are to figure in the livery they now wear, instead of that of Cambridge-house, which said yellow plush the Caucasian gentle- man with the canary coloured visage should certainly sport, and will do openly one of these fine days. Meanwhile, Fortuné favours her audacious votary, and he is moulding jnonarchs.to'hi's purpose, [for it is his future purpose as'well as the present one of bis master,] .with a success which' causes 'the romance of Vivian Grey to 'seem fame1, and- insipid ' in comparison. Robert Stephenson, or Kobari Diable, might shrink from the "engineering difficulty" just got over in Naples ; for with a mere stick with a gilt nob on it, which he calls Malmesbury, our Moses of a Minister strikes the Bourbon block, and the waters of peace gush forth in.~a fashion that must astonish the per- turbed spirit of the late Sir W. Temple, who had been for a score years there troubling the international fountains, per order of hi3 turbu- lent relative here at home, whose time has now! como to go ostensibly on another tack, but of course for the sanie end, that end being the same, semper eadem, from the beginning, and will be to the close. ? Gladstone hasn't yet had time to say what he thinks of Watt, and Will hardly know what to say when he shall have had time, for such a solution to the Sici- lian perplexity is about the last the Oxford metaphysician could have anticipated, and will deprive his typogaphic echo of a long-standing and well-handled, theme, whereof a parting word here, in reference to its final discussion therein is indispensable. . . . .. \ The Peelite organ to-day says, in' reference to Bomba's contemptuous defiance of the Va\ tnerston fanfaronnade -" the' king, .'with'a pro- voking coolness at which we would be almost amused if the laugh were not so much at i our expense, treated the whole affair with the most 'sublime indifference. With a most judicious self-possession he gave all Europe'to under- stand that whether the English representative stayed or went away concerned him as little us the question whether Messrs: Brown, Jones, und Robinson though fit to attend hisMovée or hoi There must always be two parties .to a quarrel, and.the King of Naples was much too sensible and good-humoured to tuke the bluster of the pirited foreign policy au sérieux. So be did not disturb his Minister in London, and he showed that he feared England just as much as he did Vesuvius. He got the better of Lord Palmerston, not because he was more skilful, but for a very simple reason, because he had more firmness . and moro courage." All very true ; but still the mystery, of mysteries remains. JVtiat gave, who gave Bomba firmness and cou- rage, and palsied Palmerston . and. Bonaparte? .'for it isto '.be recollected, that" these" two fastidi \- ous innocents were in the same, boat. with ¡the joint fleet that was» to have annihilated Naples, but didn't. /Why y not ? 1 < How did Bomba know it wouldn't-daren't ? The answer. .. tb . that would \\[ ho the answer to ^everything ; but;,whehcë is such answer.to come ? A gentleman has arrived in town this morning who could tell us all about it in a twinkling ; a very old, friend of every- body's; hail-fellow in every circle ; hahd-in . glove with tho Tapers who are in, -the Tad- poles who are out," and all the wriggling fryíof pólypes-and zoophites that ore hardly in or out. To look at bim he is about the last person in tho ; world you would- suspect of- being! the depositary of such exclusive intelligence. Frank", blunt, brusque, yet cordial withal ; fresh-coloured, plain-dressing, elderly ; with a laugh, and a joke, and a slap on tho back for every official of every grade, from Gwydyr House to White-hall, to the beef-eaters at the Tower; beseems the type and symbol of unso- phistication, the very counterpart of Iago as played by Vandenhoff, who, by so playing it, showed a Shakspoarean appreciation of a Shakspearean conception altogether " caviare to the general." If our own Comic Old Gen- tleman were to act Othello's "Ancient," it is precisely so he would play it, as, indeed, j has he not so played an analogous, part for genera- tions? In fact, physically and facially, as well as aesthetically, Pam and Van are thè Tino Dromios, the likeness being extraordinary, and the manner not less so; that- is; looking at the theatrical in this rôle, and at the political his- trionic in any rôle of a semi-serious nature. : Making necessary allowance for the tunic, the buskins, '. 'the gauntlet, gloves, the/ cock's feather in the brigánd's hat,-in which he of tho Old Old Hats would figure as extremely pic- turesque, the portrait of Vandenhoff might be taken for that of Palmerston ; and if your admirers of the veteran favourite of William- son-square didn't complain, certainly the ad- mirers, pf the similarly veteran favourite of the playhouse in Palace-yard' couldn't start a griev ance on the score of the comparison being odious. .Height, mien, visage, ago, bearing, and oven voice bear tho closest resemblance; for though Van's intonation be somewhat pon- derous in high tragedy parts, he jabbers and attitudinizes away as Young Wilding, in the' , Liar, as glibly and flexibly as though he were! a prize diplomatist, and had passed a quarter of a century in the Foreign- office, garotting truth for the credit of his country, like Ölan ricarde anxious for national education, as if any preaching could be liko his own oxample in, teaching tho young idea how not to shoot, and how to avoid opening the door of evil know- ledge with a latch-key. But touching the illus- trious stranger we have been talking about? Well, all that' remains to be said of that interesting individual is, that though he seems the personification of simplicity, yet was there never mill-stone into the middle of which he could not see with his naked eyo, without a glass, .smoked or . clear. Hearts harder than any rook, not excepting Gibraltar, which ho re- gards as hy no means impenetrable, present no opaqueness to his .vision ; and a man who should sit up all night with a view to rising in tho morning before him would find that our friend had nevertheless anticipated such matutinal movement. After so circumstantial an enume- ration of personal attributes, it is, of course, needless to name namos. Still, for tho clarifi- cation of a possibly obfusoated country cousin, it may just bo as woll, perhaps, to put the iden- tification of the phenomenon beyond doubt, by saying-Baron Brunow, othorwiso Brunoff; and no sooner is ho off than ho is on again, na John Bull will now have cause to romombor, as Sinbad had respecting hit old man ;-a re marknblo Tartar-caught by, the confiding sailor, and only got rid bf by a most anti- diplo- matic process. , . 1 ' j The Baron, of courso, resumes his residence nt Chesharn-place ; but. he won't find Lord John the near neighbour ho was when his Ex- cellency left, Finality having also been an Excellency, and a variety of other ex's too, since the great Muscovite missionary was here before. Lord John is still houseless in London, houseless because placeless ; and the fact of his remaining houseless keeps alive the idea that he has considerable hopes of place. A. lively idea that is to some people, who look to the feathering ofJ their own nests in the event of his taking wing once more to the old.rookery of red-tape. - Is it likely, it; is asked, that, at this time of his life, and with his family springing up, he would, be,living in fur- nished lodgings, or a second-rate hotel, if he wasn't pretty sure of going to the Horse Guards or the Admiralty? He hasn't made up his mind which he'll take ; but it. must be ono, prepara- tory to occupying the other; and then ho.will go down to posterity, as having filled every pro- minent post in the Cabinet except the Post office; and as the Post-office is no longer a Cabinet post, why his renown in relation to the Governmental delivery of letters must rest on the Durham one-a letter whence :hns sprung more dragons' teeth than from any alphabetical seed sown since the days-of Cadmus'. . . The -worst dragon is the very one whom our Woburn Abbey ,St. George sallied forth specially to slay, ! Wiseman, to wit, who this week shows a quad- rupel row of Papal .tusks, in the shape of the bones, or at least , the remains, of " Four Popes ;" and a most idolatrous reception the relics have met with from the literary icono- clasts who knocked all his' ' eminence'3 former Flaminian-gate images into.smash. Four-fold hyperbole has been heaped on this Four Pope production, and all the Cardinal's points placed in rings pf journalistic eulogy, with more or less sparkling < setting., One diminutive gem only seems to have been overlooked ; and that is ono peculiarly appropriate to this casket of unconsidered trifles.' It,- is' inr.reference to à once brilliant of the first water, a Very;Koh-i noor of jewels ; but a; west-ënd, not an oriental sparkler, a certain . Baron,.Geramb, quite1 the equal, in a particular wáyj.'éven of the. other Baron we have been talking about. The Car- dinal introduces the hero with a flourish that Sir E. Oust himsel', masterfpf her; Majesty's Ceremonies, might [ envy ;¡ 'and . which ' shows ! that his Eminence would have made a capital London correspondent, had he taken to steel pens instead bf ivory erozièrs.'Hë reminds " those wh'ose memory does not carry'them beyond the days of :'Waterloo that they .may.; have found in Moore's politico-satirical poem's, mention of a person enjoying/ a . celebrity similar: .to that possessed,^ more.; recently b'y. a .Frianch Count resident in-, London [D'Oraay] as a leader of fashion, remarkable : at '. the same' time for wit arid accomplishments;" The Cardinal, however, who is a consummate courtier, and says a great many agreeable things about the 'V.R. circle, especially-'regarding - her 'Majesty when vounff. discreetly keens silence as to- fhn nature of the satire aforesaid, which was ,at: the expense of the ..whiskers.of ' the Queen's uncle, 'the gracious-George, who nearly fretted him- self 'to fiddle strings [say, bass viol ditto] with envy of Geramb's hirstute adornments. ," But. some," quoth Wiseman, with a satiric eye of his own passing political circumstances just how, '.' may remember a higher renown gained by him bôyond that! of having his last ¡bon mót quoted iii.morning papers. Being an alien; though neither a conspirator "nor an as-; sassin j [hem ! what will they say at the Tuileries ! when his Eminence is noxtushered to the Impe- rial presence, anc| 'talks GastiliantoEugenie?] he/ was ordered to leave the .country, and ' refused. | He barricaded his domicile,-and placarded it j with ! ' the words' ' Every . Man's House is his Castle, [oh, Civis II )munus, hear that from an Italian priest, and think of your Conspiracy! Bill P] He bravely stood a siege of sbmei duration, against the police of those days, and drew crowds around his dwelling; till at length, whether starved out by a stern blockade, or over- reached by Bow-street . strategy, he either' yielded through- discretion, or/ was captured through want of [it, and^was forthwith trans- ferred to a foreign shore." Well done Baron, well said Cardinal ! ". Vixerefórtes ante Agamern nona. Our very grandmothers must have been! " truly British " when our Juvenile Whig was -the "awful old tory" the Knight of Netherby, described him the other day ; and those strong-' minded < females would have " filliped with a three-man' beetle," as Falstaff has Ot, any--malo among them who should have truckled 1 Jo; ; the great'-uncle as we have done tb tho small nephew. How- ever, coming back to Gerarab, Wiseman next prosontsi him to.iusi under circumstances the " Last .of the Barons " himself might copy ; and; by -the way; if Sir .Edward; read this, we may bo asking a few years hence " What Did He Do With It ?" If we ask his wife she will tell us he stole it, and disguised it, and passed it off as his' own, and 'put tho proceeds of^tha imposture in his pocket,, and buttoned the pocket immediately after,, in a, fashion -, that Hobbs, the patent' lock-picker, couldn't unf fasten. At least Lady B.L. has been so saying DOW thoso twenty years, and if attention to the subject should qualify her ( to judge, she cer- tainly ought to know what she is talking about by this time. Hark to the'Cardinal :- ? , . , Ii"t tho reader suppose himself to ho standing on the small plateau, shaded with ilex, whieh fronts the Fran- ciscan convent, above -Castle Gandolfo. Ho is looking diwn on the lovely lake which'takes its name from that village, through, the opening in tho oaken s roon, en- joying the breeze, of un autumn* afternoon. He may see, issuing from the convent Kate, a.monk, not of its frater- nity, but olotbe.l in tho white Cisturcian habit, a man of portly -dimensions,' bestriding the humblest but most patriarchal of mnn- bearing animal«, seleotod, his rider used tn say, out of hundreds to bo in just proportion to the burden. The" stranger will easily disoerri through the gravity of .his looks, not only a nobleness of coun- tenance, and; through the simplicity of bis habit not meioly n grncefnlnoss of demeanour, which bo-np ale tho h ghly-bred . uentlcmnn, but even visible remains of tba good- humoured, kind-hearted, soldierly courtier. Thero lu ks still-In bis eye a sparkling gleam of wit suppressed, or disciplined into- harmless ojrus mtions. Onoo when T had met bim at Albano, he bad brought, as a gift to the English O-irdlnnl Acton [near relative of tho present Countess of Granville] a spirited sketoh of himself ant ibis gallant grey, rolling together in tho dust. When 1 oalldtt on him at his convent he showed mo an Imper! il [Austrian or; Russian] autograph letter, just reaeived, announcing to him,the gallantry, and wounds of his san, lighting in Ciroassia, and - several other royal epistles, written in tho pleasant tone of friend to friend. So the story : runs on, recounting how tho Baron passed through all sorts of porils by flood and field, and subsided into a monk of La Trappo. Something in this fashion has also been told of Ambrogetti, the famous singer of hor Majesty's Thoatro, La Trappo being as- suredly a singular rondo finale to a lifo pnB3od in keeping the mouth open, and filling ton thousand atmospheric feet with ono's own airs. .Tho Cardinal who ls docidodly a witty, as well ns a wiso man, says of tho Baron :-" Sovoral amusing anecdotes minglo with his memory to ¿how how evon in his sackcloth and ashes lived his wonted fire." '-! Apropos of ashes, there has hoon a raking tip of fierce oíd fires this week by a polemical poker and stoker, of most calorific ardour, in an oppo- site direction to tho preceding incendiary, namely Froude, who, in his two new volumes of tho History of England, tries to do for Henry VIII, what Macaulay endeavours to do for William III., convert him into a miracle of mo- narchic perfectibility. ' Lot , Clanricarde at least rejoice. He too may find a posthumous whitewasher a few hundred years hence, when the immortal-latch-key shall figure as the badge of ultra-Benedict ^fidelity, uxoriousness, and devotion . t'o'r' the'! "connubial-; commandment.' Froude most learnedly makes out that the pre- eminent virtue of our 5T31uebeard was a weak- ness for his wives, and that it broke his royal heart to 'injure1 any oríé of his half-dozen ribs. As/however,'he cracked five of'the latter, it is to be presumed he bad some patent cement for the repair ofithe fractures of the former, though the erudite Froude says nothing about it. But he does-say"that.'the,..bluff and hitherto sup- posed-to-bo-amative . Hal was a veritable Joseph and' Scipio 'rolled . into one, and performed feats of continence compared with which the exploits pf Edward tho Confessor in the same line were an encouragement to the Great Social Evil. In so saying the historian goes into particulars, which may cause John Lord Campbell, Chief Justice, to lay a clause of his anti-decorum act on the work, because of certain passages perilously piquant, if not posi- tively prurient. For instance, at page 485, in .the first volume [of course, your readers will now make a point of skipping that frisky morceau] there is a long confab between Lords Rutland, Rocheford, and Edgcumbe, and Queen1 Anne [of Cleves] as to the why and wherefore;pf there being no little princej'-win cey from the union of the latter with the King; and how it was that the royal danie went home after ber divorce in the condition that the mother of Romulus and Remus, should have been in if that indiscreet.young woman had had proper regard to the law of parish settle- ment, and not burdened the poor rates with a couple of young scamps, whose father couldn't keep the wolf from the door. ;If this be not " light reading," and there is a good deal more of the same sort in those heavy tomes, the Pre- sident of the Suppression of Vice Society him- self wouldn't find it easy to determine what is. True, it is all said with a good intention ; but we know thé uses that good intentions go" to, and certainly Mri , Froude must be regarded as a large contributor to the proverbial subterra- nean macadamization". r What this, very astute personage..tells us about Harry is as contrary to all our precon- ceived notions* as Sharon Turner's demonstra; tion that the Third Richard, instead of being crook-backed, was the'glass'of fashion.and the mould of form, á model of manly beauty^ One dear old prejudice," however, our Jlluminatoi does leave us and that is, that there ..was some slight resemblance between Henry and our own Fourth George, some trivial trait, in com- mon between.the incomparable r twain* arcades ambo. Surprising, to say, too, the point is in respect to their wives, and before they!were wives. Everybody whó'has read the Metropolitan Gossip, of Harris, not Mrs.ibut Mr. Harris, com 'monly' called Malmesbury,, father of the present Foreign Secretary, will recollect that when George-first caught sight of his" German bride, ho was .struck all of a heap, tumbled into the said Harris' arms, shrieked for brandy ; got swinishly drunk, and divided the fender with the shovel and tongs ali. night, the latter fact being vouched for by Lady Charlotte Bury. It appeared that Harris had been humbugging the royal swain into the notion that Caroline was a peri, whom a zephyr would waft to her native paradise, whereas Alboni would have looked a ghost beside her. Caroline had been similarly humbugged respecting George, ex: pecting to see a symmetrical chevalier in . the noon of youth; and behold an alderman tricked out in the Miss Nacyfied fashion of Astley's Widdicombo. Of course the collapse was mutual, and the animal . magnetism deranged the poor creature's intestinal economy instanter, with what results we all know. Precisely the same thing from the very same reasons, and in the same way .occurred between Henry and Miss Cleves, Sir Anthony Brown being the Harris of tho occa- sion. It is due to Harry, however, to say that, instead of brandy he took to water; set sail in a barge up the Thames, dreadfully sick, though the weather was mild, and put in to Green- wich in fearful distress, occasioned by a peep at his adorable, at Rochester. Furthermore, the princely Tudor behaved respectfully to the lady of his loathing till he decently-got rid of her; . and then allowed her unlimited pin money, and crinoline enough to go round a haystack, which was about her circumference. Not so Guelph, the first brute in "Europe. Savagery, shabbiness, and slander heaped be on her head when living, and he hardly left off when she was dead. He couldn't have behaved more unnatural bad she been his natural enemy, the natural enemy of man. THE RssxonmoN OK THE EMPIRE I- The Spectator thus rom ark» OD sn odd and suspicious phrase in LorJ Malmesbury'* address : -" Lord Malmesbury hastens to acknowledge and propitiate ' those oloso and friendly re- lations whioh, sines tho rettoralidn of the Empire, have marked tho alliance between France and Great Brit lin, to tho great benefit of both oountries.' What dots, ' tbo restoration of tho Empire' mean? Ia the Empire the normal, anoient, and legitimate condition nf France ? In England, ' the Restoration' was the resumption of the old hereditary Monarohy, the Commonwealth and Crom- well having intervened. We havo been in the habit of talking about 'the Restoration in Franoe :'sinoe the first attempt ot an Empire, which did not last beytnd a single life nor nearly so long, wo have had the restora- tion of tho Monarohv, somewhat ofter its old pattern, though greatly modified, and maintained by two kings ; tho Constitutional Monarchy of Louis Philippe; tho Republic to which Louis Napoleon took bis oath j the Republio whiob took its oath to Louis Napoleon ; and tho Empire whioh ia now in military oooupotion in Franoe. Capets havo succeeded Capet« ; but we,have never seen the 'Empire' enjoy a lease for'two lives-a Bonaparte has novor succeeded a Bonaparte Yet Lord Malmesbury, the representative . of ?' Conservative ' opinions in this country, writes liko a Bonopartist Frenohman about ' tho restoration of tho Empire.' " On tbo same awkward expression the Saturday Review says :- ' ' "Lord Malmesbury, in his dospatah to.. Count Walewski, exprossos the desire or the present Govern, mont to maintain in their intogrity ' (bose oloso abd frlond'y relation1* which »Ince the reiteration of the Emplrt, have marked the allianoo between Franoe and Groat Britain.' Tho words wo bave italicised 'are the ennoentratod expression of a most unfortunate view of this international question, and herald the renowal of n most unfortunate course of oonduot. They aro an Instance of the sam i folly and impropriety hf whioh Lord Malmesbury was guilty when he glor lied, In tbe House of Lords, the overthrow of Fronoh liberty nnd the accession of his formar boon companion to obst.Into power. What business has an English Minister thus to j proclaim officially, in tho »ame of a nation the majority of which does not agreo with bim, that tho amicable relation between tbe two oountries ii ennnootod witb the ! existence of a particular form of government in Franoe t What cnn ba more improvident than thus to Btake th« alliance on ; the permanence of a* power of reaent and revolutionary origin, whioh may bo superseded to-morrow by its oonstituilonal or republican opponents, embittered nauinit us by the adulation wo BO needlessly address to tho object of their bute ?" . 