UBUAKSNTA. RY BUSINESS (This Day LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. v/iTirrq OF MOTIOK ¿ND OaDBRS OF TOT DAT. 1,011 or » op uolIolJi \ i The Hon. J. B. Bonnott : To move L.'t the IIouso adopt as a Joint Standing Order or LWouioTof Parliament the following resolution: f?Anv Act which shall, ns a Bill, hive beon pwsod LwhHousosof Paillamont, but rosorvod by the Sr lor tho signification of Her Majesty's plei K,and shall afterwards rcoelvo tho Royal Ajsoat, K numborcd with tho noxt in arithmetical pro. Kalon to th« nura her nlroady given to tho last Act F ¡rated to hy the Governor." I' contingent on tho adoption of the above Road. IThattbe Resolution bo transmitted to the Lagisla ir. Assembly, with a message requesting their eon ¿moco with tho saino, ai a Joint Standing Ordor of ,11, Houses of Paillamont. ' ORDERS OP TUB DAY. i ], Scfforogo and Water Act Amendment Bill, ¡iiiitlon of report. J1 OeeloBg Boundaries Restriction Bill.-To bo road ¡«coud time 3\. Catcless Use of Fire Bill.-Adoption of roport. MEETING OF SELECT COMMITTEE. factions and Qualifications.-At half-pait 10 i'c'oci. ___ LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. KOTICES OF MOTION AND ORDERS OP THE DAT. GOVKRNMKM BUSINESS. ORDERS OP THE DAT. I, Post Ofllco Monoy-Ordors Bill.-Second reading. I Audit Act Amondinont Bill.-To ho further ii dored In Committoo. j, Partnership Bill.-Adoption of report. GENERAL BUSINESS. NOTICES OP MOTION. 1, Dr. Owens: To movo That, in tho opinion of this BOUBO, it is dosirable tit tho I'ostmastcr-Gonoml should provide at onoe tteopopen, night and day, the telegraph from th? lids for the transmission of mall news ; and also np open the otllces in Molhourno for sending mtn ti!, till 10 o'clock at night regularly, to the towns in iltintorior of the colony. ORDERS OF TUB BAY. 1 Geolong Water Supply Committee.-Special' re nil to bo takon into consideration. I Imprisonment for Dobt Abolition Bill.-Tobe Uter considered in Committoo. j. Jiarriago Laws Consolidation Bill.-To bo further (iisldcred In Committoo. 1, Mr. Perry: To ask tho honorable the Chief Sec- retary, 'n tho abseneo of the Honorable tho President of the Board of Land and Works, libo will bo good enough to draw tho attontlon of tie gentleman roprosontlng that department to the dtttnat tho works connected with tho oxtonslon of tlo Anno street uliarf, at Williamstown, hare not Ken pioceoded \\\ lth, although a tendor for those works m accopted by tho Government noarly two months ft* 2\. Dr. Groovos : To ask Hbether tho Government havo rocolvod copies of Ctiresnondenco botwoon tho Secretary of Stato for HsColoclcsnnd tho Secretary of tho Troasury, ro lifcling tho Postal Communication with Britain, in iliidlnR a lottor from tho Seoretary of iho Troasury of <ilc 27th February, 1868 ; and whothor thoro is any cbjtetlon to lay tho same on the table of this Home, icgttlier with coplos of tho correspondence thoroln ro Itrred to with tho Uovcrnmont of Victoria. CONTINOENT NOTICES or MOTION. 1\. Dr. Owons : To movo, on an early day FtraSolcct Committee to talco ovidonco upon the nient and condition of agricultural pursuits, and roon tho practical and sclontlflo moans of promoting inlculturo In this colony. 2, Mr. Hancock : To move, on an early day Hit this House will rosolvo Itsolf into a Comml too (I tho wholo for tho purposo of considering tho pro jiietr of presenting an address to His Exoollonoy tho Cownor, praying that His Excellency will bo plomil to placo upon a Supplementary Estimate for 1S53 nuni c1 not loss than £10,000 for Improving the roil htwecu Winchelsea and ino Stony Rises, situate be- uten Colac and Timboon. 3 Mr. Humffray To movo, on an oarly d»y, niAt Session I For Ino appointment of a Scloct Committoo to lu o,m into tho desirability of organising a Milltli Ince, and to tako cvidonce gonorally as to tho b ist tithod of providing for the dofonco of tho colony tttlnst invasion. MEETINOS OF SELECT COMMITTEES. Cost-at 12 o'clock. Octlong Wator Supply-at 2 o'clock. AcMriss to the Queen-at half-past 2 o'clock, J O il'Gregor's Case-at 8 o'clock. Sr. FRANCIS'S CATHEDRAL.-The opening of The Lady Chapel at St. Francis's Cathedral Yesterday morning was marked by an im Ifciog religious ceremony, in accordance with the rites of the Roman Catholic Church. Shortly after 11 o'clock high mass was cele- brated at the altar of the cathedral, by the the Reverend Archbishop Polding, of Sydney, fifed by Bishop Goold and a large number of the clergy. A sermon of a congratulatory character, suitable to the occasion, was then delivered by Dr. Geoghegan, after which a procession was formed, consisting of tbe Archbishop, Bishop, clergy, 62 girls and 62 Ion, attired in white and bearing lighted torches. Besides these, there were banner-bearers and others, making up a procession of a somewhat exfcia fivo description. While these were passing tul repa6Bing through the church on their way to the new chapel, which is known as the chapel of the Sacred Heart of Mary, the ohoir and organ were pealing forth the magnificent itific of Haydn's "Imperial Mass, adding greatly to the effect produced by a pooulUc and interesting scene. The numbers of the procession completely filled the Lady's Ohapel, that, after a brief Interval of adoration. (are the altar of the Virgin, the oare Miml ended with the bonedict'oa, The new chapel presents one of the most beautiful interiors of which our city can boast. It is situated on the western side of the cathedral, and contains several windows, all of which are intended to be filled up with stained glass. At present two large windows and an oriel are so orna- mented, the paintings respectively represent the Immaculate Conception, the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, and the Descent of the Holy Ghost, The mural decorations are hoth costly and tasteful, and reflect much credit on the artlsts who have been employed li their formation. The pillars are judici ously colored, and the carvings of the moat decorated kind. The altar, when crowded with lighted tapers, embellished with flowers, and surmouutod by a gilded statue of the Virgin Mary, presents an imposing appearance. In- fine, the only fault which can be found with tie chapel is that it is too rich to harmonise well with the rest of the building. PiiiMiAKMOHia CONCERT,-The Melbourne Philharmonic Society give their second sub tmptioa concert of the season this ovanlnz .«Ule exhibition Building, under tho pi [tcnage of the Qovernoi. Spohi's "Last Judir,. Bnut" and Bosami'b " Stabat Mater " havd tun stlcLted for this occasion, REMOVAL or PRISONERS.-Early yesterday Earning 73 prisoners (all long sentence men), horn the hulk President, were removed from that viBBel to Pentridge, under heavy oscorfc. 1 HE "NEWS-LETTER OP AUSTRALASIA" for the «went month contains a good engraving by Grosse of Schnapper Point, and a descriptive «count of that pleasant watering place ; toge- ther with the usual narrative of the events of tie past month. I WILLIAMSTOWN.-An Inquest was held ou today, before J. Wilkins, Esq., J.P"Ooroner, at tho Barkly Arms, on the body of a man named Joseph Summer, a seaman on baard tie Swedish ship Tuisko, who fell from the cain deck into tho hold of that vessel on the day previous, bywbioh his skull was frac- tured. It was proved that every attention 'as paid to deceased by the master of the viEEel, but ho died about 12 hours afterwards, I verdict of accidental death waa returned. The deceased was a, German by birth,; agod iknt62 years, and leaves a wife and one ohild. YACUT CLUB.-Weare glad to observe that a proposal is afoot for the formation of a lacht Club, ond tho establishment of a re jaita worthy of the character of this port, lie trust it may be successfully carried into öecntion. A meeting to arrange prelimina- res is to be held at Jenkins' Hotel, Swanston Weet, to-morrow evening. liEMwa IN THE EASTERN MARKET. ¿nother torohlight meeting waa hold in the ustem Market last night, similar in its pur ote and character to the many whioh' ha va ilely taken place. The old subjects of the worm Bill, tho Upper House, the Land qu s w, &c;, wera again dilated upon, tho spoak ¡n being for tho most part identical with tee of former meotlngs. MELANCHOLY DEATU OF A SURGEON.-About pi months since, a woman of the name of Mary Berry was attonded by Dr. Bolph, of Sigh-street, Portsmouth, and delivered by ilmof her Bevonth child, he having been hoc «tendant throughout. About 10 days oftdi IDS confinement the woman died, and nogldc I'M imputed to Dr. Rolph. A coroner's in West sat on the body.and pronounced a vordic »«favorable to the doctor s reputation. Marj «ny was burled at the Landport Oemeterj T within these few days a headstone ha ¡Uen placed over the grave, and tho verdict c |lto jury engraven thereon, with severo OOJÍ "fcuts, by order of a committee. The doctj 'asmada acquainted with this, and on We: "Bday ho proceeded to the cemetery. He WJ » overcotno and affected by what he wt {?«sed, that ho returned home, took to ix< «o, and died in u few hours. Tho docw »as considered one of the most skilful pr<tct lionera in the neighborhood, and the po: «ii lament his untimely end. - Mornin Ä8Ld\9vll°i!\vof beeninformed that oa fut sïinnii seim,at one time in the Bay. Tha Wrtanbe ñr ""f"iïï'P ° '"UBtration of the im Wpuinti Äh,ng a ^olofiBheryhere, feportunitv fn }^ preBent M ft suitable NoSmfe«to cotame,1«> operations.-Pori 