HO-RIICOXiTCJIlAL aA'D PiiOiilCDL TtJRAIi SOCIETY". An adjourned special general meeting of ihe above Society was held at the Norfolk Arms, Handle-street, on V* ^rj? lllsi-:iin-Mr, itsckctt in the chair. Ihe miuutes of the precious meeting- were read and confirmed. ° 3'1.c balance-sheet of the Society's financial position, which bad been audited and ccrtiGad to as correct by Messrs, Carnow and Beadle, was presented to the mect showed a balance due to the Secretary of Toe following letter was then read from the Secretary Mr, a. Summers:- * '? To the adjourned meeting of the Horticultural and " Floricultaral Sjcie:y. 'Gentlemen-The auditors who were appointed to examine tlie balance-sheet of the Society having this da, ceruSedta Ike correctness of the accounts, a Sttiatr opportunity is afforded me for resigning the situation Society, which I now beg to do. If it hem my power I shall, however, be hanpv to c2Pt?nue anl' assistance to the Socictv, bow that mv official connection with it has ceased. "I am, Gentlemen, Ac., "39, King William-street, Adelaide, Oeu'ltfissf."'" The following report of the Sub-Committee appointed on the previous Saturday to report upon the best means of placing the Society in a more satisfactory position was then read by Mr. A. II. Davis " The Sub-Committee appointed to report on the best means of placing the Society on a more satisfactory basis report that having gone through the items of expenditure furnished by the Secretary, together with the statement showing the liabilities and assets of the Society, tbey have come unanimously to the following conclusion {- s " That the unclaimed prizes prior to the last show be considered as abandoned, and they recommend that it be a rule henceforth that all priz35 not claimed from one show to another be forfeited or regarded as waived and [Jff'. Ttut a,t.'east £i0 of the prizes awarded at the last show would be unclaimed as ln.llinsr within the understanding arrived at by the Committee prior to the exhibition, that in case of any default in the funds thev wouid forego their claims. Tbat it having been com muuicatcd to them, as from the Secretary, that he woald not expect salary, the Sab-Committee da not ex press the opinion they had formed with respect to the heavy unauthorized disbursements. Tbat these ' tions would leave the actual debit against the Society about £5J, for which there should be collected subscrip tions now due and unpaid. That in order to ensure uture success, and until the circumstances of the Society justify an alteration, it is desirr.ble to adopt the following measures :-To dispense with the January show, to substitute two Honorary Secretaries iu steaj of a Secretary, and also to annninf " Collector to retire ecbscriD'.ions at dear' the.Coalmitt<!e,of Management for each Simula- .' deavour to arraugc the reception of visitors at the doore : as o::e of tfctir duties. Thit the brass ' turned, and the piano mbsrituted. That the prL. -e°cf providing refreshments be discontinued Th^t thl amount to be allotted tj adverti -ing for each show be f-'vtr"iU'e ? ? Com!nltfec. and that 110 insertion J month prior to the respective show.. That the pesmi^-bills bj either limited or dis contmned. It has also been suggested that a e trie tad hcrcuceto ths l-^th role is neccssarr; and, finally .tW lhe SUb<a>mmat«e be urgej to obtain sutecripticn Tii^ ^ fnr.iished with a receipt-book ^or that pSrrosc The Sub-Committee see no reason far doubting tliM the » ke effectually restored to a lieaifhv rondi^ lio.i by the exercsa of activiry and g-JoJ feeIiu«-"on the part of the numbers, and a proper attention ,0 ^? eeo prulrEe;;;?hluh seem unfortunately to have been for seine disregarded. £. Hatvebb, Chairman. A. IT. Davis. " O. M, Wake. "Groa&ECjLABE.; ""Jons SMITH." Mr. DAVIE, having read the report, said before he Ipffc the room ho wished to point out what he thour-ht was in omissiaa in the Droeeediags or the Society ona previous for "1 hT' m atcI,cr had furnished glasses and plates for the erhibuiou of flowers and fruit at the Bh"^ never charging except iu case of breakage, and no S fhoror e h;'d bscu taUen of Ws kindulss. He wo rid f .rn'C' - au<? ."L ?°n6Iue'ation shown to the Socictv in m- .V.*' at baj* 5eea ^^ed at the thows air. IVark s^eondod. & ciety tor Mr, I utehcr and his family Carried. C ^fawkJr'ifr1 p h0an3e'3 in a cteqnc for £5 from Hr. G> Jt '. - '= a conation ts the Soeicty ccsionK|"r' 01 tU° Sub"Co;Emit'tee thea came under d;s ^Utrwnr expressed his doubts whether th«re had been u Xinuueiation of claim for sa 'ary on the nsrt of irr Summer, as mentioned in the rem and aSSriv^ veijflied against the phrase «? unaathorij^d cmmniiJ' CoS^elual^ Oiluion; a°ndt!!e Committes to be of the same ,.Mr/ iWffEB prorosed that the words "taken ^ on to bj Mr. Pnwia" should be stnick out of the re-" :,lr. Cl.ek ind lTr. S^nrn, Sen., as members of fW Fub-Conim'UeD.oefendec the report. theSersUt^ thai-thc.c was no unkind feeling at the mee'ino- n'tj-n feub-Co nmitteetowards th2 SeeretvVmidTl- °'t i .ng blame to himself and the si,'e(IrTaU=S bOOIetJ Very b2d'y though their Mr. "amend" of recs)f-<,f ^admittance to the Society and the payment thUsti&aTb;^nrc^"/ *° lT°.me membeT «f a«o,4fs$^:kbs^r^uESfiratQhde "2 b3ok to 11 msj be t-allfid for. -omautica wutiisjevcr S hl^^S'?ho m5>' sou''oa a P"ze* a':a" harc t!l° ennarttiuity ^"doiT" £0 upou the payment of an entrance-fee for each ar^h? the amount of whicu mav abiwt ... v.-of _* prij, oaered by the CLSftteefo? o°her rvl rt said1 Committee may deem projier- Icil tae nenti ««u cauntry. and the irregularities wl.ieh^tbe pre^°t ar" g.tsrftheSAjrt reste=t to.ad^ion Z' nn^h^nhTh^ W,li°h wa.s moved a""3 seconded, that i ^S^^^SOtOU1 inatter of adaiiesion lutious?1II"I£tlienWithi:rCl7 ",e ^«=2dand third reso TWt£SPr°Med=d t0 tU= decti^ of two ?Mwr1"! of ^r- Wia-, seconded by Kr DATIS Mr. It, ckett was requested to iet, and accepted ' ° 9® cu'iaD - Vavis- ^cundei bv Jlr.C-keet IsIj*. Edwijt SiiiTn moved and T.T"r v n ?n.^. 10 ^^"akc^the DEATH OF CAFTAES WOODVAED.-On the arrival of the Batch barque Wilhelroine Watscz Von Ecchen, The Mas cr reported a signal flying At Cape BorcSa Lighthouse that Ihey were in want of hanus. The Government lender Blanche was immediately dispatched, ai.d after encountering the severe weather of the early part of lust week, she returned oil Saturday evenIDE' with the melancholy intelligence that the Head-Keepc-r, Captain Wcjdward, was dead. It ap pears that on the 12th August he fell over the stamp of a tree, and inflicted a severe injury to one of his eyes; ; bat under the kind attention of Mr. Goodiar, who forts- j nately was located at hand, he had almost recovered from the effects of the fall, bat having taken some im proper medicinc he relapsed, and on the 13 ai September 1 expired. The deceased was well and favourably known as a veteran shipmaster, and had only taken charge of the Lighthouse as Head-Keeper some fcw months before his melancholy death. CORONER'S IXQUIST AT BixraisEna.-An inquest was held before Mr. J. D. Cive, J.l\, on Satur day, the :13rd instant, on the body of George HolT.uami, aged 61, a farmer residing in the neighbourhood. It appears that for some time past ihc deceased had bsen subject to religions melancholy believing" he had sinned against the Holy Ghost. Ou Friday moriing he sent a letter to his san-in-law, thj pastor at Blum berg, asking questions teaching his salvation, and iu a postcript said-" You reed not look for me, lor if jou do you will not find me." This naturally ciused the son-iu-law to go to his h mse immediately. He had that morning taken cattle into the bush as usual to meet the children, who headed them, but bad not returned when the paBtor amvad. A search was 6Bt on foot, but no traces of him could be found th?t d&y.; On the following morning, however, he was discovered with a rope round his neck and the other end attached to the branch of a tree. He most have l>fien fully bent on self- destruction, as not only we* c his feet touching the ground, bub the body was in a leaning or rather a sitting posture. The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased banged him self during a fit of temp rary insanity. FATAL ACCIDENT.-A correspondent-writes : -"On Friday evening- last, as the steamer Moo'gswanke was proceeding duwu the Murray, near the North-West Bend, it was discovered that a boy of the name of Frank Bolton, belonging to the vessel, was missing. As he had b:en seen about an hour previous, Capt. Webb gave orders for the steamer to be pnt about, and on going back to Levi's Station, it was found that the people befogging to the Etation had seen a boy in the river and were then dragging for him, tut up to the time of the Moolsewanke's leaving again they had been unsuc cessful." FATAL ACCIDENT.-On Friday, October 22, a fatal accident occurred to Mr. John Uount, jun.,a farmer residing in the neighbonrboad ef Balhannah. The unfortunate young man had been attending the funeral of his relative, Mrs.Bryson,lateof Wood&idc;,and on his way back, at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, his horse shied at a framework house iu course of ercction upon the public road near the Knowsley steam-mill, by the authorities of the Central Boad Board, for the use of the stationman* He was throwu and dragged for some distance by the stirrup, the horse at the same time kick ing him upon the back of the skull. His brothers, who were in company with him, carried him iuto the mill, and Dr. Barub, who happened to be in the neighbour hood, was soon in attendance, but Mr. Mount only sur vived the accident for a few hour?, never regaining con sciousness, and dying at I o'clock on Saturday morning. Mr. Lorimer, J.P., held an inquest, and a verdict returned of accidental d atb, tha Jury making a presentment to the effect tint the house was in an improper position, being upon the high road, and ought to be removed. Wc understand that several other persons have been endangered by the very remarkable situation of the building in question-the precise line of ordinary traffic. Mr. Mount has left & widow and three children, but their unhappy bereavement will not, as we hear, be i attended with pecuniary distress, the deceased having been a man in comfortable circumstances. | ACCIDENT.-As Mr. Haines, builder, Frank- j lin-etreet, was driving his family home ©a Monday 1 evening, the horse, in turning the corner o! Morphett street axid Franklin-street, shied at some object and capsized the cart, the whole party being thrown out. Mr. and Mrs. Halms were seriously iijared. They were immediately removed to their residence, and Drs. Mayo and i'hilHps called in. POST TO GTUSIEBACHA.-It will lie seen from oar report of the Talanga meeting on the subjcctof the Central Road Board, that after the business of the day had been concluded a resolution was adopted, calling: upon the Postmaster- General to have the mail trans mitted ihr.e times a week instead of twice, as at pre sent. EXPECTED CELEBRITIES.-The English papers of August state that" liedpath and Robson are among the convicts a . out to be shipped to Western Australia. Tester, the gold-dust tbiec, is also to be sent off by the same vessel." Th9 two former criminals, it will be remembered, were convicted of forgery and embezzlement of an extraordinary character, made the more remarkable by the perpetrators having moved in good society, and from the fact that one of them Bobson-had some reputation as a dramatic irriter. 