NOVEL PLAN TOR THE DISPOSAL'OF DESERTED .. INFANTS, v. '. . I . - ,10 THE EBITOn OF THE EMPIRE* * . T - - \- SIR-In the.daily papers of last week, there appeared another notioe.'of. tho death of another, deserted Jnfant in the Benevolent Asylum of this city. " Another and another" of these tinny ghosts " still, sucoeods," . . , Uko flakes of snow upon a river, A moment white,-tuon gano for over. : .- j Now, Slr, notwithstanding the fuss wbioh is made about immigration and the expense whioh has, been, and I: believe still is, inourred in promoting it, does not tho fact of these infants being, asit would appear from the ver. diets of tho Coroner^ juries, hurried out of this world, raise a strong presumption that wo are labouring under a plethora of population. The question thon naturally arises, do we in Sydney adopt the bett' mode of dealing with this difficulty ? To answer this enquiry satisfac torlly, we must recur to precedents on this subjeot pre- sented 'to us in former times and by other countries, Various ara the modos of diminishing a superfluity of infants, that is to say, of .those for whom, according to Malthus and to." past ? history, nature has provided no knive, fork, and plate at her table. 1st-May ho men- tioned tho short or tho' shortest out to. the end in view, .viz., tkeHorodian method, known in Soripturo narrativo BB " the Slaughtor bf tho Innocents." 2nd-Next in effloaoy is the Chinóse plan of providing ponds of water ¡into whioh it in statod, upon reliable authority, that fomalo infants whom tho parents oro unable or unwilling ito nourish are cast,; Uko our redundant kittens and puppies or moribund oats - and dogs. 3rd-Is tho Sydney modus operandi, namely, tu oonslgn tho descried and doomed inuocent to the care of nn aged crone, who probably, Uko ono of our Aldermen, has boen, perhaps, : for tho last half a century guiltless of soap and water, and. wnov - if - nor . little . charge ? dobs ? take Us doparturo to another and. : n bettor world with suffloiont . celerity by rthe- aid of their water, griiel, sùperadds a slyidig, rupturing some vital organ, and fhn» to her own satisfaction sattles the businesB. Now, ofàlltbeBe different plans, tho Sydnoy one ! appears to be the Mast cliglhle, since it sebmB to inVolvè ¡ protracted and ncedloss suffering, whilst the two former modes, especially the Herodian are altogether free from. There have beon various other soliomos having the santo laudable objact in viow of keeping within duo bounds redundant mouths, where there is good reason to appre- hend 'a 'lack of meat for .them ; but in order to avoid trespassing too far on your space, I shall only advert to one which, from its obvious excellence, must boar away the palm from all its competitors-I refer to Denn Swift's proposal, that the infant children of tho poor should be fat toned and oookod to provide a delioaoy for the tablas of tho riob. Such a plan would palpably' be more pleasant, . profitable, and humane, than our present modn in Sydney of allowing tho little sufferers to dio of innnition, orto Through tho medium of your oolutnns, thon, allow mo to submit moBt respectfully to tho managers pf our reooptaalo for tho poor, tho proprloty of (niling stops forthwith to bring Dean Swift's proposal into operation. Should this vory praotioablo suggoRtlon bo adoptod, wo may gratify ourselves with tho agreeable prospebt of seeing ilne, plump, Resorted infanta exhi- bited for salo in the Sydney market, sido by eldo with tho suolting pigs which occasionally tempt tba eyo and tho pookot there -. as it is presumed these infants would bo prepared for¡thoirílno1 destination-idol, tho stomachs of tho woalthy- in tho Benevolent Asylum, tho proceeds of their salo should, of course, bo handed over to th« muoh respected treasurer of that oxoollent, exemplary, and (ratu " benevolent" institution. Sydney, irib Mfly,1808. OMI0RON. ii p'8'-V ?PP°«r" 'hat some misoonoeption aroBo BM to I ' tho number of tho deierted infants willoh have died I shortly after their réception into the Benevolent Asylum, the result of an enquiry of tho committee of that in s tito, lion shews that thirteen, only thirteen, deserted infanta have, In the course of about seven years, been promptly ushered into another and a botter world ; being, bow» over, sll thu infants of that description received into the above-mentioned establishment. Now, supposing this number is brought forward as a sufficient answer to tba, implied imputation on tho management of tho Benevo. lent Institution, it may bo rejoined that if Iber lives of theso thirteen infants havo been sacrificed by neglect anil cruelty, (no very improbable oonjeoturo, when-it isreool; looted that one of tho nursos ofahese little unfortunates ia now in custody on tho charged wilful murder,) tit dumber alleged is just thirteen too many. This plea ci the .smallness of the number resembles very. muon.'», similar tine made by o'young lady accused . of having beoomo a mamma without tho usual preliminary ccclosi. astioal sanotion : she protested 'that the imputation Was "a wicked story,"'that'if she had been tho mother bf a baby, it was a very, very little'one I ,' ] , : . . , 