MARYBOROUGH. From the Correspondent of the North Australian 15th September, 1858. DESPITE all the apathy of these districts, a new era is unquestionably about to open upon us. The "Fitz Roy Gold Fields" is a great fact, and every post confirms our most sanguine anticipations. By the postman who left Gladstone on the 8th inst., and from private letters to residents here, I glean the following news The diggers on the field are about 300, all doing well. They have got a good supply of water at 20 feet ; all surfacing at present. The "Italians'party" (from Maryborough) got a 6 oz. nugget, and several of that size have been turned up; and the men who left this place, just arrived on the field, speak of having struck in at once, with good success; and the proof of the pudding is that remittances of cash are coming from the diggings. The diggers are only selling gold to meet their wants. One storekeeper has 487 oz. on hand; another has just sent down 37 oz. to Gladstone. Cash price £1910s. per oz. I calculate that over 3000 oz. Lave come to the surface already. ' Diggings are spoken of on the Calliope river. The Uncle Tom left Gladstone on the 8th, short-handed for Sydney. Her crew bolted. The Otago had arrived. About 60 men have left this town, and people are leaving daily. This at the present season causes a perfect stagnation in trade ; but with a gold-field on the immediate sea-board, this place must derive benefit. Your correspondent, having a violent attack of gold-fever, leaves this to-morrow, and in resigning his pen to other hands, has to thank you for the attention shown to his communications. THE PATENT TJHBRELLA.-Board, a Cincinnatti artist, has invented a plan to stop the most inconvenient and unpunishable crime, umbrella theft, which he intends to make public at the risk of violating the patent law. I had bought a fine silk umbrella, and started for the Barnett House, on a rainy day, when I began to reflect upon my extravagance, and to wonder, as I tripped along proudly under its broad and safe cover whether or not it would go the way of all umbrellas, and leave me to the pitiless peltings of the form, before the day was over. True, I could keep it in my hand, but then I was occasionally so absent-minded that I would be just as apt to set it down in a public bar room, or even to have it quietly taken out of my hand by some adroit purloiner. Suddenly an idea occurred. I stepped into a hardware store and purchased a small padlock. On arriving at the hotel I closed the umbrella, slipped the padlock on the wire spring which keeps it shut, and deposited it with the most perfect confidence in the public rack. A splendid looking fellow, with a goatee and moustache, stopped up with the most perfect nonchalance, and took my identical umbrella. I quietly sauntered toward the door, giving a casual glance at the silk ; but alas I it was no go-again ! Still worse. What the deuce was the matter? He looked-saw the trap, and the fall of his countenance was exactly the step from the sublime to the ridiculous I had so often heard of, but never seen before. My umbrella was quietly deposited in its place, and the gentleman meekly sauntered towards the reading room, and slipped out of another door umbrclialess. 1 was by no means satisfied with one experiment. In a little while I saw one of the most brazen appropriated of small things (he was especially hard on luncheons and drinks-freo)-in all Cincinnati!. " Now," said I is my office." This customer had on article in his hand, which might, in courtesy, be styled " the ghost of an umbrella," and cottons that. With a grandiloquent air he deposited it right alongside of mine, Mid went to the bar. There he picked up a treat (it was election time,) and. ate crackers and choose enormously. Thence to the reading-room, with my eye still on him, and in less than a minute, with washing, and buttoning up his coat an extra button, he passed in a rapid business manner to the door, picked up my umbrella, with scarcely a glance, as he went along. I was on hand. With a sudden movement he attempted to raise it a nogo / Again ! Still failure ! Willi a decision perfectly JS'npo Leonie, and worthy of the occasion, he was about to tear away the slight obstruction, when I stepped up, and said "Don't do it? I'll lend you the key ?" " Ah ! Mr. Beard, He ! Strange mistake thought it was my own. I Good device ; think I'll adopt it." And with the most perfect ease he put my umbrella down, took his own, and vanished. I was satisfied. I had found out how to keep an umbrella, and now I am on my way to Washington to get a patent for it Cincinnati gowar, ~ * 