CATHOLIC EDUCATION— SIGNS OF THE TIMES. Sir — In two leading articles on the subject which forms the heading of this communication, you placed strongly and plainly before the Catholics of New South Wales the necessity for immediate action in a matter of such absorbing importance as the educa tion of our youth. In connexion with this subject, I propose to exhibit briefly in this letter what his Eminence Cardinal Wiseman calls the ' exterior in fluences' — the signsof the times — that shouldprompt all true Catholics who desire the welfare, temporal , and eternal, of their children, to ponder seriously ' on this most important question. If we look around us at the present juncture, and read aright the passing circumstances of the hour, ,? we cannot but perceive the most systematic and insidious efforts to advance Protestantism at the expense of Catholicity — the most ominous and extraordinary combinations for the purpose of * effecting that darling project of ' evangelicals' of .' every .creed and denomination, from that colossal pillar of Protestantism — the Lord Bishop of Sydney — down to that ranting tract-distributor who, with' puritanical grimace and canting whine, blasphemously announces herself as ' a messenger from the Holy Ghost for your conversion.' We read of Wesleyan meetings for ' the revival of religion in Australia,' at which meetings reso lutions are passed expressive of the necessity of convening the aborigines of the island, rathei from the possible, the anticipated errors of Popery than from their present paganism. We read inHhe daily advertisements invitations to ' all without excep tion' to join their revival prayermertings. We see the Protestant Bishop of Adelaide de. scending from his Episcopal throne to embrace fraternally the aiiti.prelatic.il Binney, that, rios Bessing the strength which arises from unity, (0 they may be the more able to resist the encroachments of Popery 1 We witness, as a natural consequence of this 'evangelical alli»nee,' the sudden partiality of the Congregational Herald of this city for Episcopacy, as represented in the person of the Right Rev, Dr. Barker, and, if any thing were necessary to prove to us how much we stand in need of the watchful guardianship of a Catholic journal, the recent rabid and intolerable articles in the Herald (especially, in last Thursday's issue) ought to be sufficient for that purpose. 1 This same Dr. Barker has given us a lesson from which, if we took it seriously to heart, we might derive more advantages than he would desire it to render us. In an elaborate prelection which he read to his subordinate clergymen a few days ago, the following passage occurs :— ' In adverting to the difficulties which the Church of England had to encounter in this colony, it is impossible to overlook the fact, that a large pro portion of the population belongs to the Church of Rome. ' The Church of England, as a faithful Protestant communion, will always find itself in opposition to the Church of Rome. We cannot expect that it will be otherwise, or that our protest against the assumptions of the Bishop of Rome will never be needless. Since the days in which our forefathers cleansed the sanctuary, and returned to the old paths, preserving the ancient order and rule, Jittle: change and. no improvement has taken place in tile doctrines taught by the Church of Rome. The decrees of the Council of Trent, and the 'recent addition to the creed of the article of the Immacu late Conception, more than justify the charge of cor rupting and perverting the Word of God, brought by our Reformers against the Church of Rome; and unless we are prepared to exchange our Scrip tural light for her darkness there never can be peace with Rome.' We are aware that we have a bigoted and a bitter enemy in the governor of the colony, the viceroy of her Majesty, who loses no opportunity of descanting on the ' errors of the Church of Rome' — that we have the same at the head of our courts of justice, ditto as President of our Parliamentary Council, and we know full well that this triumvirate, aided by their willing friend the Prime Minister, are the occupants of the most influential official positions in the country. We read day after day the bigoted opposition of our Protestant members of Parliament (with a few hon orable exceptions) to the most just and equitable motion of Mr. Deniehy for the acknowledgment of religious equality — nay, worse, the cowardly avoid anoe by professed 'liberals' of a hearing of the question, which they have finally succeeded in stifling, for this session at least, by their act of last Friday night. The foregoing are some of the exterior motives that should incite us to immediate vigorous and united action ; but the following will I think be ad mitted to be sufficient, independently of all prompt ings from without. We all love our religion and our children, whom we desire to see growing up in the knowledge of that religion for professing which, although we cannot now be made to suffer pains and penalties, we yet are assailed by a bigoted press, and insulted by a proselytising viceroy and an arrogant bishop. Well, in the only Government National institu tion where a liberal education is supposed to be given there is not a single Catholic master. Now, while I do not believe that any attempt at proselytism is made in the grammar-school, and while I admit that no religious teaching is set forth in the pub lished programme of studies, I am nevertheless aware that all the teachers are Protestants — Eng- lish Protestants, who, educated with English prejudices against Irish barbarism and Catholicity, which are synonymoui terms in their vocabulary, must, even without their being conscious of it, feel a secret hostility to anything Hibernian or papist ical. In fact, the atmosphere of a school wholly Protestant in its teachers and discipline ennnot be' otherwise than prejudicial to Catholic youth ; for, at best, it can only lead to an indifference to all religion — which even Dr. Barker-condemns. But, there are various ways in which the teaching at the Grammar School must produce in the minds of its pupils something more than the negative quality of indifjerentism. In the teaching of modern history (the History of England, fur example — of course Ireland for them has no history), the text-books treat of such per sons as Thomas A'Becket, the sainted Archbishop of Canterbury, as Henry VIII., Edward VI., and of such epochs as the Reformation, the Revolution under William, the union of Ireland with England, and the conquest of the former under Henry II. Is it likely, or possible, that the masters will not give their pupils Protestant . views of these cardinal points of the history of England, with which the Catholic Church is so closely interwoven ? They can hardly help it, for if they were dumb, their text books, which are all the worlds of Protestant authors, would enlighten their young neophytes. To pass by modern history, the study of which, for the reasons I have indicated, is left optional with students under the Professor of our National Uni versity, even geography can be made the medium of slandering and sneering at our holy religion. For example, in one of the best of the English school books (Wm. Hughes') every country where the Catholic is the prevailing religion, is described as ' bigoted, ignorant, and superstitious.' But it may be said—' Granted that the Grammar school possesses all the objectionable features which you have alluded to, and many more which you have left untold ; but where shall we eend our children ?' To this I answer — in the anti-Horatian mode, 'litem quod lite resolvit' — by asking, why not establish Catholic grammar-schools? But as this opens up a wide field of argument, I will postpone the consideration ; of so important a question until your next issue, and conclude abruptly this hastily written letter by sub scribing myself CADMUS. St. Andrew's Day, 1858. Sir — Will you be kind enough to let mo and many thousands of my countrymen know what has become of Mr. Thornton's report on ' Irish Female Immigration?' You gentlemen i of the press know everything and everybody — or,- at all events, you are supposed to know everything and everybody — consequently you must know something about the above report. Mr. Thornton must bear in mind that a general election is close at hand: and Irishmen are naturally inquisitive — they are likely to ask Mr. Thornton about it at the hustings. I think it would be much better if Mr. Thornton would favour the public with the report before the election, inasmuch as it would make a capital stock in-trade in the political line. Hoping you will give a place in your next publication to this humble communication, you will oblige, yours, &c;, ,J. L. CLINTON. ' Hunter-street, November 29th, 1858. TnE Austrian frioate Novarra.- — The Commodore and Officers of the Austrian war frigate Novarra, were entertained by the members of the German Club, on Thursday evening last. The German Consul, W. Kirchner, Esq., occupied the chair. The toast of Her Majesty the Queen was the first proposed, followed by the health of His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Austria. ' The health of Prince Albert, their.countryman,' and several other toasts of a national character, were drank amidst the utmost enthusiasm, after which the company broke up about 11 o'clock. On the morning of Saturday last, the Holy Sacrifice was offered up, on board, to commemorate the intelligence received by the last mail of the birth of an. heir to the thr,one, after which repeated salvoes of the ship's guns were discharged. ' ?' ' The Americaii whaling ship 'Junior, it has been ascertained, has reached her destination in safety, and the murderers and mutineers sent home by her have been deposited in the hands of the proper authorities, to await their trial. It seems that during the voyage, an attempt at communi cation was made among the prisoners, and a note from one prisoner to another was detected, in which a new insurrection, and the murder of the officers, was proposed. But the arrangements made for the safe keeping of the prisoners were too good to be easily frustrated. 