THE OVERLAND ROUTE. It was dark when we got to Suez. The landing-place was lighted by Arabs with burning wood, flaming brightly on little cres- sets on the tops of staves. We ran round to the hotel, situated close to the pier, nearly stumbling as we ran over what were apparently heaps of sand, but-' Bless me, they are camels 1 for the first of the party informed us that these silent, motionless objects were indeed not altogether inanimate lumps. They were the camels waiting to convey the mails and luggage to the first station of the railway, distant about 20 miles in the desert, and, lying peacefully here, were as quiet as if they were really heaps of earth. The hotel is very large, well-built of stone, and generally convenient. It has been erected by the Pacha, for the benefit of passengers, and is rented to the present landlord. We got a good tea in a large saloon, selected our bedrooms, and then took a turn through the town. The tragedy of Jeddah was then only in preparation, and we, handful of unbelievers, considering ourselves quite safe in streets and bazaars, crowded with the bigoted Mussulman. The loading of the camels was a very wild, peculiar, and interesting sight. It took place in a large enclosure close by the wharf, and brilliantly lighted all round by the means I have already described. The camels are much larger and finer animals than those we saw at Aden. Each one carries a load of from 10 cwt to 12 cwt. The drivers force them to lie down, and then tie a rope round the bent knee, to prevent them from rising till the load is adjusted; for although a patient animal, the camel seems to receive his loading under protest and as it is put on, and still more as he rises with it, he roars and moans, and groans, in a very distressing way, and as if being subjected to severe suffering. As five or six were loaded, they were formed into line, a man led the foremost, and away they trooped off, with their silent, ghost- like shuffle, into the outside darkness. One of them while receiving his load rose suddenly, scattering boxes and bags on all sides, when a man in authority rushed forward, in a state of the greatest anger, and unmercifully belabored, not the camel, but the driver-an intimation that we were under despotic rule, indeed. It was with rather disagreeable misgivings we saw our several properties sent off into the desert in this wild fashion for we were never to see them again till we reached the steamer at Alexandria; and, while deprived of all power of control over them ourselves, we received the cool intimation of the company in their printed regulations, that they were in no way responsible. I may as well state here, however, that on board the steamer at Alexandria, everything was found in safety, and that the baggage was in much better order than the inspection of the process of camel loading in the dark would at all have led us to expect. The only thing missing was the cordage with which the packages were secured, and for which some of the parties employed in the transit service seem to have an insatiable appetite. Such of us as had indulged in this particular vanity were proportionately indignant ; but I confess that I did not much share in the prevailing senti- ment partly because I could not help fancying that the cordage had been eaten by the camels, as so high-dried a fodder seems peculiarly adapted for that very high- bred animal ; partly because, not having had any cordage of my own, I had been rather envious of my 1 fellow-passengers at Suez, in respect of their more ample endowments in that way. We walked through some of the very narrow bazaars, sat down in a smoking room, and had a cup of coffee relon les Eagles, contributed a sixpence to the support of a venerable old gentleman who was edifying the people in the room by reading the Koran aloud, and stumbled our way back to the hotel, amongst crowds of people lying under the walls of the houses, who, we heard, were pilgrims bound for Mecca. In the morning we were aroused by candle- light to take car for the first station in the desert. The cars are little wooden boxes, with springs not of the first order. Each car is drawn by a pair of mules at the wheels, and a pair of horses leading, driven by a man on the box, and our whole cavalcade was accompanied by a gentleman on horseback, who galloped about in all directions flogging a jibbing horse here, swearing at a lazy driver there, and making himself generally useful in a very noisy and bustling way. As we filled about 20 cars, and we all rattled out into the desert together, we made rather a commo- tion in a neighbourhood usually pretty quiet. In a few minutes we were in the open desert, with a desolate scene all around us, relieved only at intervals of six or eight miles by the places where they changed horses, or by an occasional line of camels plodding slowly along exactly as you see them in pictures of the East. The desert is ordinarily very stony, the sand itself being drifted into heaps sometimes approaching the size of considerable hills and over these stones the car-drivers jolt one most unmercifully. The tops of the cars are rather low, and as we cantered rapidly over the stones, we were jerked with such violence against the top, that I really thought I should have got my neck broken, and was very glad indeed when we arrived at our journey's end, at the present terminus of the railway, about 20 miles from Suez. Keeping all together (and having drawn lots for precedence as to starting and changing horses we were not allowed to separate it was very dusty, and the heat was intense ; but in other respects we had no reason to complain. At the station we were provided with a very comfortable breakfast, at the expense of the company, and, what was even more refreshing, the materials for a good wash and soon after we were all hurried into the railway train, and started off! for Grand Cairo. Railways are all pretty much alike, and there are but few material points of difference between an Egyptian railway and an English one. We travelled at a pretty good rate, arriving at Cairo about 3 in the afternoon ; the distance travelled from the first station being about 80 miles. The desert retained all its dreariness till within a mile or two of Cairo itself, when the country suddenly became very fertile ; fine gardens and well-grown trees presented themselves on all sides, and the whole scene underwent an entire change. 'In the desert we scarcely saw a sign of life either animal or vegetable. A little stunted herbage growing in tufts, presented itself here and there, and amongst this we once or twice started a little antelope or two, which bounded away into the distance, looking very like the ordinary town goat; and now and then a small scrubby bush would be seen growing alongside the line. Generally everything was distressingly bare and arid, the plains occasionally presenting the bones of a dead camel, and a vulture now and then soaring against the distant horizon. (In arrival in Cairo we learned, to our great dismay, that we were ordered on to Alexan- dria that afternoon-the lamentable delays in the first part of our voyage necessitating an almost equally lamentable hurry through this interesting country. In fact, we now began to feel that Her Majesty's mails were read moving along as they ought to do, and that passengers were regarded in their proper light along a mail line, as an accident, not a principal consideration. It was rather a mortifying thing, however, to be within sight of the pyramids, to see the sun gleaming brightly on their summits at the distance of six or eight miles, and yet be able to get no nearer to glance hastily out from the station on to the busy streets of Cairo, and to see no more.! There was no help for it, though . we felt that it was right there should be all this haste, and we submitted with the best grace we could. (Jn, on again, therefore, till long after dark for Alexandria was 120 miles off and it was four when we started. During the whole evening we travelled through a very bare country, generally consisting of rich dark soil, thickly inhabited. There were no fences between the fields, and the crops seem to have been recently removed at all events none were growing, and threshing was actively going on in the old original style, with a man sitting in a sort of large arm chair placed upon a heavy sledge, and drawn by a pair of oxen going round and round a large circle, over which the straw was strewn. The towns appeared at intervals of a few miles strange huddled-looking collections of unburnt brick, making them look like brickfields or potteries of some kind. The fields swarmed with camels, buffaloes, and other outlandish looking animals, with men and womenofequally extraordinary appearance ; the latter usually covered up, so that only the eyes were visible. We crossed the far-named Nile about 50 miles from Cairo, at which point it is at this season a little insignificant stream, not bigger than the Yarra at Melbourne. We crossed it again after dark at a point at which they had, fortunately, toppled over a few of their grandees a day or two previous, so that they took us safely over in a steamer, and put us in an other train no the other side. We reached Alexandria about 11 very tired with our day's work, as we had been at it ever since 4 in the morning. How our ladies with large families managed to get through the bustle and confusion, the heat and worry, of this day, I cannot conceive ; but I confess that I pitied them from the very bottom of my heart. The scuffle in the refreshment rooms, and at the change of trains at the second crossing of the Nile, was enough to have driven any ordinary woman of sound family instincts out of her seven senses. And yet they bore up against it wonderfully and the lady most tried amongst them, the mother of seven children, varying from 12 years to 2 months, all but two of whom had been terribly afflicted on board with the complaint I have described, with a sick husband and only one domestic, told me afterwards in Southampton, that she thought nothing of what she had undergone, and that she would start on the overland trip again the next day without hesitation. Certainly if ever there was a lady who deserved the title so frequently bestowed by fast young gentlemen upon persons of abundant spirits-that of a * brick' I meant was this courageous little woman. Alexandria is a nasty place, lying low and flat, abounding with disagreeable smells, and subject to attacks of the plague. We got quarters in a comfortable hotel, of which there is no scarcity and being ordered on board the Cambria at 9 the following morning, we were up betimes to see such of the lions as an hour or two of early day would admit of. These consisted of little more than Pompey's Pillar, Cleopatra's Needle, and the English and French Consuls, to whom such of us as intended going through France had to apply for passports. Pompey's Pillar' is an immense shaft of granite of very respectable antiquity, and showing some of the signs of the wear and tear of ages. It has been further disfigured by some heathen, who has scrawled his plebeian patronymic of ' Button' in gigantic letters of red paint upon the base-leading to a disagreeable jumble in the mind between the ancient hero and the modern snob. The disfigurement, as a type of the modern blackguardism, was productive of one pleasant sensation, too, for one turned away from Pompey's Pillar with a thorough conviction for once pervading one's mind that one really had a soul above buttons Cleos patra's Needle is a more elegantly formed pillar, with hieroglyphics very plainly carved upon its four sides. A second pillar, of similar character and dimensions, has fallen prostrate, and is buried with dust and rubbish. I have an impression that it has been presented to Great Britain, but that we have never, mustered courage to undertake the task of fetching it away. I am not quite sure, however, whether this is the pillar of which I have heard. A desperate brigand, known by the name of the Muschina, who has long been the terror of the farmers of the province of Cordova, has at last met his deserts, having been slain by the Guards sent to hunt him up. He had retired to his birthplace at Estepa, with a view to enjoy at leisure the fruits of his crimes, but he was betrayed by one of his spies and killed in his own house. Spain has long been infested with such villains, and the fall of this, it is hoped the last one, is a matter of public rejoicing in the quarter which suffered from his depredations. Nine great asylums are to be founded in Spain for the reception of the aged and distressed, and mendicancy, that dreadful pest of the country, is to be put a stop to. 