MEWS OF THE DAY. t The united efforts of the Edou'n and Lee tamilies really afforded a very excellent enter jainment at the Theatre la3t evening, and al houffh so little publicity had been given to the ntended performance, we were happy to see the house tolerably well filled, particulary the boxes. The first piece, " The Victor Vanquished" af forded Mis3 Rose Edouin an opportunity of dis playing her powers as an actress and admirably she acquitted herself. This talented youn^ lady also sustained the princical character in the after piece " Cinderella and the Glass Slipper." A whole host of youngsters were introduced in this piece, which was got up remarkably well, and was as well received. The effect produced by some of the dresses was most rediculous. One young gentleman, in height about sixteen inches and apparently " rising three years old," was dressed as Napoleon, and kept the audience in a roar, not the least laughable part of the business being his evident ignorance of being the cause of so much merriment. The two families will perform nightly during the present week, and we can assure visitors of an agreeable entertain ment. Parliament, says t\\\e Melbourne Age o(\l 5t\x inst., grows in vice as it grows older ; and it seem3 to become more incurable as it approaches its termination. That is to say, if it is to terminate; for, last night, it appeared to have taken out; a fresh license, and to be going in for other twelve mouths of the same interminable palaver that we have had for so many months back. Those who hoped to see it mend its ways before giving up the ghost, must confess themselves disappointed. There were in the year 1857, in South Austra lia, 757,663 acres of land enclosed, of which 235,965 were under crop. Of these 175,864 were appropriated to the growth of wheat, 10,209 to that of barley, 2,912 to that of oats, 2,130 to that of potatoes, 37,958 to that of hay, while 3,442 acres were devoted to garden, and 1,058 to orchard produce. The estimated stock in the colony on the 31st of December last was a3 follows:—1,657,005 sheep, 418,800 lambs, 310,400 cattle, and 26,220 horses. Mr Smith, the agent of Mr Burton, of the Circus, will start to-day by the Burra Burra for Melbourne for the purpose of making the neces sary arrangements there for the performance of the company during the winter season, and also for the purpose of securing all the available talent to return with him to assist the company during the short time they will remain in Ade laide after returning from the north. The ship Asia was to sail from San Francisco for Ilong Kong, on January 16. Her cargo and passengers are thus described:—The ship Asia will sail this afternoon for Hong Kong. Near fifty Chinamen will return in her to their own country. As a portion of her freight sho has three hundred and thirty-one dead China men. From the amount of correspondence which we receive in reference to the Vaccination Act, it appears that the Act is almost inoperative in consequence of the ignorance of parties who are prejudiced against vaccination. Unfortunately there is no one to see that the Act is enforced. One correspondent writes:—" Many ignorant persons are highly prejudiced, against vaccina tion, and no inducement on the part of their me dical attendants will lead them to its adoption, unless the penalties of the law are enforced. Medical men in the locality cannot become in formers. Were they to do so they would be obnoxious to their patients—their interference would be attributed to mean or sordid motives, and they would become very unpopular. Much assistance, therefore, cannot be expected from th« prolession in enforcing the Act. I am my self acquainted with several grown-up families who never have been vaccinated, through the obstinate prejudice of their parents. You truly say there isjnoclimateric circumstance connected with colony which gives it greater immunity from the ravages of small-pox than is enjoyed by every other portion of the globs. Yet obstinate prejudice on the part of some individuals lead . {hem to set the law at defiance, and jeopardize the lives of themBelrss and their neighbours because thare is no officer whose duty it is to see the law enforced." A serious accident occurred on Friday night last on the Port-road. A man named McDonner was driving a horse and dray, when one of the wheels of the vehicle suddenly slipped in a rut and threw him from his seat. An iron hook was attached to the side of "the dray, and McDonner in falling was caught by the fleshy part of the left thigh ; a large portion of the flesh from the hip to the knee was torn away, and the various tendons and vessels were laid bare. The unfortunate man was conveyed to the house of Dr. Todman, who, we are glad to learn, entertained strong hopes of ultimately restoring his patient to bis legs. We have been requested to direct attention to the disgraceful condition of the Port-road. Our present issue contains an account of a very dis tressing accident which recently occurred entirely in consequence of the deplorable state of the road, and scarcely a day passes without some "narrow escape" from a similar cause being brought under our notice. On Wednesday evening, April 7th, at the Wesleyan Church, Pirie-street, says a corres pondent, an Ordination Service was held, when three young ministers were solemnly set apart to »(he work and office of the Christian ministry. At 7 o'clock the President of the Conference en tered the church, accompanied by the ordaining pVesbytery, when the choir sang " How beauti ful upon the mountains." The Secretary of the district then commenced the service by singing the 744th hymn. After prayer was offered by the Rev. Messrs. Wilson and Waterhouse, the President delivered an address setting forth the nature, responsibilities, and dignity of the Chris tian ministry, indispensable necessity of a divine call to this work, and stated that the young men then about to be ordained had been examined and approved of. by their breihren, and finally received into full connection by the Conference. The young men then gave a short account of their conversion to God, and of their call to the •work of the ministry ; their experience was clear and satisfactory. After the usual questions were put by the President of the Conference, and an swered by the candidates, they were ordained " by the laying on of the hands of the presby teiy." The choir then sang "I will wash mine hands in innocency: so will I compass thine altar, O Lord." '1 he charge was then delivered by the President of the Conference ; after which the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was adminis tered to the newly-ordained ministers, and then to the members of the church. Being one ef those (says a correspondent) whose labour calls them to be busy whilst the majority of mankind are sleeping, I lately ob served that beautiful yet uncommon phenomenon the Aurora Australia ; and not having seen any notice of it in your columns, which probably may be owing to the time of its appearance, I subjoin a few particulars for the benefit of your readers -On Saturday, the 10th inst., about 2 o'clock in the morning, the sky being somewhat cloudy in the southern quarter, my attention was arrested by that peculiarly lurid haze usually produced by a distant conflagration, and I imagined that an extensive fire was raging in that direction. In the course of a few minutes, however, the clouds dispersed, and the aurora was seen in all its splendour. The rays extend ing nearly from the zenith to the horizon, were composed of several colours, the intervening spaces being filled with aluminous colour similar to the western sky on the setting of the snn. What heightened the beauty of the phenomenon was its oscillating character ; and as it gradually shifted from the south to the west, and vice versa, the words of the Psalmist were strikingly impressed upon the mind, ' The heavens declare tho glory of God, and the firmament showeth His handywork. We extract the following gem from a cotem porary, and which constitutes^the concluding portion of the report of the last day's races. It is merely a well merited tribute to the young lady deferred to, but we are rather ticked with the declaration of the writer. "We are not very devout believers in any kind of magic save the charm which lies in woman's eye." Probably the fact that the charm lies may account for so many having been deceived by it.—" But there is one other person—a young lady, not indeed officially concerned in the races, but who has so wonder fully distinguished herself in oonnection with them, that we must not pass her by. We mean Miss Jenny Lee, the pretty prophetess at Bur ton's Circus, who, on the night after the entries were made, correctly named the winner.of the Queen's Plate, and the Publican's Purse—a fact duly recorded in the Register of the 8th instant. We are not very devout believers in any kind of magic, save the charm which lies in woman's eye; but in that we have so firm a credence, and it has so brilliantly established its potency in this prediction, that we shall congratulate any sport ing youth who may secure for himself the affec tions of this gifted damsel. If he can bnt suc ceed in obtaining such a wife, he may depend upon his book being always right, and may actually drive a nail into the wheel of fortune." Mr Arthur Kinloch, clerk of the Executive Council, has again addressed a contemporary on the subject of hia old breeches. We cannot help thinking it rather malicious to publish such com munications. Far better to cover an ass by re questing the writer to keep hi«- breeches to himself. 