MURDER OF A YOUNG LADY BY HER LOVER. The quiet and secluded village of Darley, near Ripley, on the line of the Leeds Northern Rail way, was on Monday the scene of unusual excitement, in consequence of the discovery of the murder, by her lover, of a young person named Mary Jane Scaifc, under circumstances of great barbarity and cruelty. The deceased, who was about 22 years of age, was the daughter of Mr Thomas Scaife, a respectable farmer, residing at Darley, and her murderer, is the son of Mr Thomas Atkinson, flax spinner, a gentleman of aumc puomujj, uuu uujjsiu t'ruuie property. The parents of both reside within a short distance of each other, and the deceased and murderer had been companions from childhood, the affection of children extending itself to that of love as they grew to manhood and womanhood, and each learning to look upon each other as a future partner for life. Unfortunately, the father of Atkinson and the mother of the deceased did not approve the match, and about a year ago, after more, perhaps, than the usual crosses in love, the connexion was broken off, the deceased accepting the addresses of a young man named Gill. The new love, however, did not prove perma nent, and after a few months Miss Scaife broke off the courtship with Gill, and permitted the renewal of that with her old lover. The attentions of the latter were continued as before their interruption 12 months previously,, but on Tuesday last, on the occasion of a gala at Brewerly-park, Atkinson saw Miss Scaife in conversation with Gill, and this cir cumstance appears to have excited a strong feeling of jealousy, and a day or two after he met one of Miss Scaife's brothers, to whom he complained of her conduct. Whether his passion at that time suggested the fearful crime he afterwards perpe trated is uncertain, but nothing occurred to excite any suspicion, and the two met as usual. On Sunday night they attended Hatwith chapel in company, and on returning they were seen to go up Stump- lane, apparently on very good terms. This was about nine o'clock. Shortly afterwards Atkinson returned horns and went to bed. The absence of the deceased created no uneasi ness at home, as she had been in tho habit of staying witli her uncle, Mr Doivnes, farmer. At daybreak, next morning, Atkinson's brother, who slept in the same room, noticed blood on the shirt of the former, and asked how it had come there, when he was horrified by being told that he had murdered Mary Jane Scaife the previous night. The father was immediately called up and the family roused. In the meantime, however, a man known by the name of Potter Dick, while going along Stump-lane, about 5 o'clock, found the de ceased laid in the ditch with her. throat cut, and quite dead, The deceased, when found, was laid on her back, and she presented a most fearful spectacle. Her head was nearly severed from her body, her dress and face were satuJated with clotted blood^,her eyes protruded from the sockets with the most ghastly expression, indicating the violence of her dying convulsions, and the ground was covered with evidences of the fearful struggle which had taken place. The parasol of the deceased was broken to pieces, and her prayer-book was found hy her side. The body was re.novtd to the New Inn, and Atkinson being the last person seen in her company, he was taken into custody, when he admitted the murder, stating that he had cut her throat with a knife, which he had secreted in Mr Myers' wall, and declaring that it was his father and her mother who had caused it all by opposing their marriage. The knife (an ordinary clasp knife) was afterwards found as stated, the prisoner taking the police officer to the wall and pointing out where he had placed it. At the spot where the murdered body was fouud is a small embankment, consisting of the mud taken from the adjoining ditch, and it is supposed that Atkinson had thrown his victim upon it, and then cut her throat. As we have previously stated, the ground shows that a violent struggle ensued, the deceased, though only a weakly person, being with difficulty overpowered. The prisoner was in the first in stance removed to Pateiy-bridge, and afterwards to Ripon, where he was charged with the wilful murder of Mary Jane Scaife. He is a good looking young man, and appeared to be overpowered by his feelings. Previous to the charge being made he gave utterance to several matters connected with this melancholy affair, among which 'I have been very happy ever. since I left Pateiy-bridge ; I have committed a great crime, but I am quitt content ; I can go freely to the galloivs ; I san forgive the vilest of the vile ; I am guilty ; I left her about half-past 9 o'clock last night.' The prisoner was committed for trial. — Leeds Mercruy' August 4. A young lady, with a foreign accent and rather eccentric manners, dressed all in white, with yel low boots, recently alighted at the Peterborough railway station. Her luggage was addressed as follows : — ' Her Divine Majesty, the Zion Holy Ghost, Empress of the Universe, Beloved Bride of Heaven, passenger to Siverdale, near Lancaster.' She stated that she was an angel from Heaven, and presented one of the clerks with a tract, written partly in Latin, partly in French, and partly in English. The costume of the ' angel ' reminds one of that adopted by the lady of La Salettee, which consisted, according to the descrip tions, of a white dress trimmed with a garland of silver flowers, a yellowsilk apron edged with silver fringe, and yellow stockings, &c.; 