A, VISIT TO BERRIMA,' (By a GorretpondttUof tht Goulburn Ghronicle.Juhi 21.) To n stronger Berrima presents littlo that is ittraotivp. ? PrfiditUy situated, it'lins evideneo nf premature decay ; an I those ovidenees heoome more signtl when a little 'enquiry and a closer investigation take' plaary' Coming donn tho hill'this side of the bridge,'the traveller fun oies from tho buildings that aro presented to his view that he is entering a village of public-houses ; «nd I dei' not think that a minute inspection will lead him to chnngc his opinion. By far tho greater part of ' the' bouses are, have been, or were inten.ded to be, inns for : Ute refreshment of travellers. ' The, stores, shops, 'and' private dwellings bear no proportion to these attractive establishments. However, I have no reason, for believ- ing that the.people hero are loss 'sober then an equal Eopulation elsewhere. Rather the oontrary, f. r I have een assured by those.who have tho best opportunity of Judging, that drunkenness" j« a crimo of infrequent occurrence, considering tha extent of tho travelling com- munity ami that of tho fixed population. ' For my own part during the two or threodays t wa» in Berrima I did not see ano intoxicated person;' The most conspicuous public buildings aro tho gao], the Court-house,'and the'bridge. Tho first of these has long sinoo been abandoned ai a plaoo of confinement. But it has' lately beon determined on hy the Sheriff to resume its occupation os suoh ;1 it being tho intention of tho Government to forward from Cookàtào a gang of short.sentenood men for the purpose of repairing the : bridge«. And this brings mo tn tho consideration of tito oonditinn of this Important pubHo work ¡ and I cannot help 'expressing surprise nt the statement .made the other dar hy Mr. R. Campbell In his place In tho Assem- bly that already men were employed in rebuilding thc a rob. Snob is not tho fad, and the only thing tbnt has been dona nt all is tho cutting a roadway down th» hill n short dlstanoo from the bridge, so that tho traffic shall not bo interrupted whon it is undergoing repair. Tho Berrima bridgo connects tho banks af tho Wlngeoa ribeo by manns of a singlo arch of stone, quarried near tho spot. It was built.by prison labour nbout 18 or 10 ypors ago, and about a twelvemonth sinco the key-'stono of the nroh on tho upper side gave woy, nnd soon after, wards the greater part nf tho masonry on the lowor sid« fell in. There is nothing now to support tho roadway with the exception of 'some, loosened masonry and tho natural adhesion of tho earthy part*. To traverso the road noross with hoavily laden drays, ls n (ask not alto- gether free from danger, Although not nmoli vorsed in the' spienoo of bridge-building I cannot imagino how it I din bo proponed to mond the stritoturo, now that all that I gave' it ntrongth lias given woy and lies in the river n: mass of looso stones. To rny'lhlnkihg tho wholo tn the, very foundation stones must-bs taken down nnd the» work ooramonoed de novo. There appears to be no groot hurry shown on tho part pf the exeoutivo to toko ?ny Niep« in tb« matter, and it is by no maana improba, bia that-toms distressing accident will have happened before action ia tuken. Tue Conn Houiie is a very neat building, conveninntly arranged in ibe interior. Ii rich business is Bet down (or every Wednesday, but from what I eonld gather there is a great irregularity in the attendance of the Justioes residing in the district, and even when they do attend it is beyond mid-day. Tnis must be very inconvenient to persons residing at a distance, and I must ounfes» does not exhibit that proper respect for the administration of justice which gentlemen on the commission of th.« poaoe should entertain. A court under the Small Debts' Act is held ono« a month.- ,;_ ; ., r ' "The neatest and most picturesque buildings tn the town, and whioh despite the iusignificance nf their dimensions when compared with those of the1 monstrous gaol,' quickly' arrest attention, are' . tbe': Hwo' (édifiées' dedicated to the offloes of religion. , Tne'members of the Churoh of England and' the Church of Rome are justly entitled to congratulate themselves on tho temples they have raised here ; to- the w.irship of . the Divine Rulnr bf ' the' world i and it is 'a source of satisfaction tn learn that the communicants are numerous a ul .regu- lar in their attendance on the ordinances of their faitus. The| Rev. Mr. 'Hassal, who was formerly stationed "at Bungonia, ts the incumbent of the Protestant. Gliuroh,' while the Rev. Mr. MoGiuhis discharges tho duties ' of Parish Priest. . These reverend gent oman aro held 'in high estimation amongst all: sects of' religionists, vanii they apps ir Wlivp in peace and good'will with all' raen. A National School, which is very wellf attended by ? tba; ohil iren of the place,1 is conducted by Mr. Jao ib. Hall,' who from-ray long knowledge of >'bim 'I- -believe^ is thoroughly competent to disobarge 'the duties of "his responsible office. ' I was' informed, that lhere are no private schools, whioh is lather surprising, : considering that the .district' is a t iickiy populated one,' and ? that, without a boarding-school, roany ohitdren will probably go uneducated. ' ..«''. " ¡J , >¡,y> r""í¡ / i J : ' The town is happily supplied with several quarries.'of an'excellent kind of stone, admirably suited to tho met talltng of the roads. One of these quarries,' opposite Mr. Louis Levi's inn, is being worked, and quantities of stone (something of a conglomerate bearing- large proportions of'what appears to be, a kind of white flint) are being raised, broken up by free labour, arid' laid ;on the street. Bérrim'i, above all other towns in tho colo'iyl have seen, isjmost bountifully supplied in'this respect;'lind the in- habitants are making good use of their advantage. " " ¡I do not think it probable thot Berrima will ever be come a muoh'.larg'eV'town than it is.at.present; but at the sumo time I have no apprehension that it will'shrink in its dimensions.' - There is, however, nothing that is likely to induce'its growth. It bas stood'still 'these twelve years, arid I.nm inclined to think that it will bear much the same appearance . twelve .years hence. With a large supply of inns at which accommodation o in be procured, the. town, is singularly deficient in shops. A couple or three :stores, whioh deal in those various commodities' to be found in all up- country eBta bliakmontB of the'kind, are all' the places' bf business that the town r can. boast of." I was told of,, and in fact experienced, one- great'deficiency in the trade arrange- ments of the pl ice:; -the want of a regular butcher's shop. .During my stay in'thia pretty little pince, I lived on fresh pork'slaugbtered on the.premises, the supply of beef and mutton having failed. Tn o complaints appear to be general,, and my attention was drawn ..to the defi- ciency by several'persons. 'I havo no ¿doubt on aolivc clean butolior would drive.a thriving trado there. Mr. James Atkinson of Oldbury; about 0 .milos ein IhiB Bide nf thu township, laureating a brewery on bis farm ; and ns a omsiderable quantity of draught beer is oonsu'mod during tho summer, months by the thirsty teamsters, the speculation will no donbt be mutually bénéficiai.' . I think-1-have given you as.full a description 'of Ber- rima, its condition and its wants, as is necessary. Tho siibject is rather a bnld one ; but beforo I close this letter I would say' à ie'w words, vérv few, on the'subjeot of the road »from Goulburn toit. 'Throughout' tho whole ll ng h of it there aro signs that a system of tinkering in repairs has been going on for, many, years. Perhaps tho West piece of tho line is "from Goulburn to Paddy'« Ijtivcr, hut beyond that it is execrable Even on tho part I have distinguished as'tliu boat, there aro numerous places where tho teams can travel on'y with the greatest difficulty, and the greatest torturo to man and beust. 'the bridges across tho small creeks ithat iutersect tho rom! are the beBt part of the works that have boen exe- cuted; the colverts are generally loo;norrow, and. will Ijao'ome ontirely i.'.effioicn't in the conree,.of .'oiipther winter. Although trenches have been-dug on each side of tho road, 'lengthways, Bnd transverse ones' from tho .'{addles of some of th? ridges, nothing' hos,been effectu- ally done towards raising tho oentre of the road, BO'OS to firm a crown, and consequently in 'rainy seasons thu gaiter necessaii'yllodges there.' The' traffic'' orr'tbose parts soon; weork. the. main , ,track into holes, which... Jnurease""iosize. .the",longer.._thoy, remain ripen arid exposed. It is perfectly useless to throw tho simd and loam from the sides' tb; the centre;: that will never form nn abiding crdwn,-but; on tba contrary nc oiiniulatp what would destroy| it and at the'same time' gather together tbe'very obstacles to travelling. i Cwould . ?iuggest that some of the very worst' psrts be repairod by th» laying down of a corduroy road ; not such a wretched attempt at this 'kind'of roadway as may, bo hero and, there seen in tho line to Berrima, but, a corduroy road after the American principle, and whioh has boen' foundi to answer well in that country in places where steno was difficult to procure. ? If nothing can bo efficiently done towards repairing the line, let it be left alone. The patching whioh has been going on lins no doubt given a few men a nice little inoome a-pieee, but it 'has cost a< very.large sum of money without affording: thu public, my advantage whatever. The misery br travelling along tho rosd by m iii or other carriage cnn only bo appreci- ated by those who had experiences in the matter. It is no surprise to mo that at times the mull should bo be- hind time-indeed it io moro surprising that it comes In at all I Jolt, splash, stuck-fast; nearly over, are the incidents at every yard of. tho rood, oh, when. shall we see the ghost of Macadam BU por vising tho line, or, hetrer still when shall we behold the ¿ron rails luid down and beating along the iron .horse:! . , 