SUPREME COURT New Court. nisi raius. Saturday, 19th June, 1858. WALKER V. MimFHT. For tho plaintiff, Mr fellows ; lor tne aoienaanc uir Michie and Mr Martloy. ,..-.,. This was an action brought by tho plaintiff, the pro prietor of tho Telegraph lino of coaches, against the defendant, a porter and messenger on tho lino, for tho sum of £179 6? 4d, moneys had and received by him. The plaintiff had purchased the business from Mr Davis for £33,000, and tho monev sought to bo reco vered was received by tho defendant from the Govern ment for the conveying of certain policemen up the country. The defendant stuck to the amount becauso he said it -was due fur wage3 from Davios, the former proprietor, who, ho alleged, owea mm a sun iargur amount, viz., £i00. , Mr Michie, for tho defence, said it was dithcult at any time to fix who wsro the proprietors of this line of coaches. The different proprietors passed across the stage as swift as the shitting scenes in a magic lantern or tho ghosts in Shakspcare's play of Richard the Third. The accounts gono into woro very confused, and tho oft-repoatod and pertinacious objections of lea'ned counsol on miserable legal quibbles, did not tend to elucidate tho question. It did not appear that either the learned judge or counsel understood anything about tho amounts or dates, or the sums duo to Walker, or Davies and the defendant, and the aid of a Cocker, or oven of a small schoolboy that could do sums, wou'd havo been far more valuable than all tho precedents and authorities and legal rubbish brought to bear upon this arithmetical case. The whole might have taken a quarter of an hour, instead of nearlyfour hours. Mr Michie, m i=w1jlj-'»Kl that it was very difficult to le'ame'd counTeUad argued' It\vltTi'sucn''g?SvU?Uuhi)uJSfe other side. The lino of coaches h«d been sold for tho trifling sum in those times of £36,000, in twenty-four bills of exchange; but tho plaintiff seemed to be in a myth, and to understand littlo about the real facts of the state of the partnership ; — of course this was a triding matter in plaintiff's life, and doubtless accounted for his want of knowledge of tho whole transaction. If counsel on the other side had been moro ingenious, and como at once to tho documentary evidence, the lamentable waste of time of the jury might havo been saved ; instoad of this a lot of stuff had hiea dealt with in order to throw dust in the eyes of the jury. Tho jury immediately found a verdict for tho defen dant. BttAMSTON AND ANOTHER V. DAUTIIOLOMBW. Mr Billing, for plaintiff: Mr Windsor, for the de fence. This was an undertaker's bill (or the miserable sum of £17 5s Od — for the hire of a mourning coach, hearse, and pair. The vehicles, &c;, were hired by ono under taker from another. It ssems that thoro are other legal engines of oppres sion as powerful as Fellows' ' Act for tho Speedy Recovery of Small Debts.' An action of this trifling cuuructur, urvugm in iuu ^uproiuo uuuri, truuiu uvcee oarily involve four or live times tho amount of lawyer.'' costs than the whole amount sued for; and as it is proverbial that two of a trade never agree, it i% no wonder thu one undertaker should thus worry and devour another. The real animus crept out in the ovidence of tho plaintiff, who said a lot of pooplo called undertaksrs were employed to execute jobs and funerals they knew nothing about. The mother and daughtor of defendant at different times had come to tho plaintiff, and offered £12 4s 6d if he would tako it; ho, however, preferred his action in the Supremo Court for tho £5 differ ence. A variety of witnesses, whoso trade is to ' mimic sorrow where the heart's not sad,' wero called to prove tho reasonable charges of plaintiff. Tho defendant said he was in a small way of busi ness, and had dealt with the plaintiff to trade all this paraphernalia of woo for upwards of five years. Tho defendant was disgusted at the plaintiff's sharp troat ment. Dofendant was obliged to eut the thing very fine, as tho competition among tho sable brethren was so very groat. On this explanation plaintiff agreed to lot the defendant the mourning coaches, &c;, or, as he had expressed, would let the coach from Melbourne to Sandridge, and would bring tho company back, for £3, Bramston and Marshall charged him so high, that although a second child disd a day or two after, the bereaved parents refused to let the defendant have the 'job,' and was told by tho mother of the dying chil dren that she expected another child would soon die. Defendant was in expectation of making one 'job ' of it, and burying tho two children all together. (This reply provoked much indecent laughter in tho court.) The defendant's daughter, a child of about sixteen years of ago, stated that sho endeavored to arranges matters with tha plaintiffs by offering them £12 5i 6-l. Sho said she was roughly told by ono of the' plaintiffs they did not deal with females ; and Mr Braraston had said he always enterod in hig books a larger sum than he charged dafendant. Tho learned judge elaborately and very minutely summed up the pose as to the dispute of the £5 in the favor of the plaintiff. .His Honor'a address occupied mora than 25 minutes. Tho jury, who had evidontly made up their minds long oro, roturned a verdict for the plaintiff for £12 4s Gd, tho amount of money paid into court. It appears, however, that . the money had beon paid into court upon a plea of tender, this plea of tender had not been substantiated, so that, although the jury virtually and fully intendod to find for the defendant, yet that unfortunate man will be mulct in all the costs - on each side. The learned counsel for tho plaintiff, congratulating himiolf on its being one of the very narrowest escapes ho ever had, and every one else in court, thinking it ir.is very hard for the defendant. The Court then adjourned. Cases fob, this Day — Nrsr Pnius.— Coram, Molcsworth and a jury of four. 1. Green t. Lokey ; 2\. Loban and another v. Mo:,3man ; 3. Wilkinson and'anothor v. Marshall and another ; 4. Loban and another v; Clarke ; 5. Mavor v. Russell: 6. Murray v. Huff; 7. Burman v. Duvis ; 8. Hayes v. M'Laughton ; 9\. Jones v. Hadley ; 10. Jones v. Knight ; 11. Schultz v. Dobson ; 12. Campbell v. Shotton ; 13. Dowliag v. Burns ; 14. Sargood and another v. Baker ; 15. Bank of Australasia T. Ly all. 