MISCELLANEOUS. The turn out of colliers, more particularly at West Bromwich and Oldbury, and other parts east of Dudley, has assumed a mora formidable appearance. The iron and coalmasters of the district have renolvcd to resist their demands. I he magistrates ot the county Have ncld a meet ing to concert measures for the preservation of the peace, and the police courts are daily occu pied with cases of intimidation, neglect of ser vice, and various other charges arising out of the turn out. Toxopholite, Lord Derby's celebrated horse, has been purchased by Lord Glasgow for the sum of o£3,000. A Haunted House.—' The Greenock corre spondent of the North British Mail says : — " The occupant is said to be the wife of a sea man, who is alleged to have been first disturbed by certain mysierious mnaningsand the sound of furniture being moved about in her bouse. One night she is said to have Been a tall, ill clad man, with rough, dirty borts, glide past her affrighted vision, between her and the moonlight, which shone in by the window, followed immediately by a second spectral fig ure, having the appearance of a gentleman. Chairs and tables are said to have been found iu the morning warped about in the most mys terious way by a rope used for hanging clothes on. A seafaring neighbor, on hearing that the chairs were habituated to moving about at so lemn midnight, is said to have offered his services to put the quietus upon this unaccount able dance of furniture by tying up the chairs with the afore said rope, and in such a fashion, too that no ghost but a nautical ghost could unfasten the same. This was done, and lo ! the following day found the knots, but not the mystery unravelled. The poor woman has ac tually been frightened both out of her compo sure and her house, going at night to sleep with a friend iu other parts of the town, leaving the ghosts in undisturbed possession of the house. An audience crammed to suffocation assem- LIa J m I- I Ln LJ A rrv» — nip A t fr vt AL— ft u . i. utcu au buc ijiajriiiaincb tv wivucea tuc lifM up pearance or Mr. Charles Matthews since his return from America, and as be came upon the stage as Dazzle in ' London Assurance,' the greetings that arose on all sides seemed as if they would never terminate. Lady Gay Spank er was represented by Mrs. Charles Matthews, who likewise received a hearty welcome. She is a lady of great personal attractions, and plays with considerable vivacily. A dreadful accident has occurred in the Prim rose colliery, at Pontardawe, Swansea valley, about nine miles from Swansea. On the morn ing of the 13th October the whole of the col liers proceeded to work at the usual hour, and at about half past eight one of tbe men came running up from tbe pit, stating that the whole place was full of sulphur, and that all the men were killed. There were 160 men in the pit at the time the catastrophe occurred in a working in which only 30 men were engaged. Some colliers were heroic euough to risk their lives in their endeavors to save those of their fellow creatures. Thebodies of fourteen work men were brought up, and laid side by side near the pit's mouth. The agony of the wives and mothers when recognising the inanimate forms of their husbands and sons baffles ah at tempts at description. The origin or cause of the- calamity is ascribed entirely to the opening of a door to prevent tbe air from the boiler going again into the works. Mr. W. H. Henley, the submarine cable ma ker, of Greenwich, is just on the point of com pleting the cable ordered from him by tbe colonial Government of Victoria. Its "total length is 250 miles. The weight of the cable is two tons to the statute mile. The shipment commenced on Saturday, the 9th October. LewiB Aria, Esq., late of Kingston, Jamaica, who died a few weeks since at Scarborough, has bequeathed the sum of £20,000 Consuls in trust for building and maintaining a Jewish college in the town of Porlsea, the place of his birth. Tbe will also provides a further sum af ter the death of his wife, which it is calculated will give an additional sum of £23,000. The Martello Tower of Leith is about to be fitted with cannon, and three guns, thirty two pounders, have been sent from Woolwich arse nal, and are now in the docks. The great Russian Steam Navigation Com pany, it is stated, took posszssion, on the 20th September, of the establishment at Villafranca granted to them by the Sardinian Govern ment. The queen regent of Greece has signed a loyal decree for the reestablishment of the an- cient Olympic games, after being discontinued for nearly 1,500 years. They are to be held at Athens, in the ancient Stadium, which is still in a very perfect state of preservation, on the three first Sundays in October, every fourth year, commencing in 1859. The games are to include horse races, wrestling, throwing quoits, and other athletic sports, singing, music, and dancing. This eccentric idea was formed by a wealthy Peloponnesian, who has liberally en- dowed the games by placing at the disposal of the Hellenic Government 400 shares in the Greek Steam Navigation Company, besides the sum of 3,000 Dutch ducats in natura. The Court of Assizes of the Haut Rhin. has sentenced to hard labor for life, the Abbe Blanck, Superior of the Convent of St. Marc, near Gueberechivihr, for having between the years 1853 und 1856, in several cases treated in a most disgracefnl manner, young girls un der 15 years of age, of whom he was the confessor and spiritual director. Further experiments at Chatham have esta blished the superiority of the Lancaster rifle musket over the Enfield rifle. 20,000 shot and shell have for some time past been Supplied weekly from the foundry of the Royal Laboratory. The ratio has now in creased to 25,000 weekly, a number exceeding that obtained by the contract system during the Crimean war. The cottage of the late Mr. George Siephen- son, at Howdon on the Tyne, is in course of being pulled down. The Stephenson Memo rial School, to be erected upon its site, will comprise schools for boys, girls, and infants, together with a Mechanics' Institute, and the dwelling house for master and niistress of the schools, The cost of the building will be up wards of 2,000. All the French ports on tho Atlantic are to be put in a state of defence. 15,000,000 francs have been allocated for the fortification of the Port of Havre, of which tho merchants of Hav re are to provide 7,000,000: 17,000,000 f. are to be devoted to the defence of Dunkirk ; 7.000,000 to Dieppe, and 1 ,800,000 to Fecnmp. Similar works are to he executed at Calais and Boulogne, and a port of refuge is to be con structed between Brest aud Cherbourg. 