WATERLOO. Teb London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, writing on the evening of 18th June, thus notices, in his metropolitan gossip, the forty-third anniversary of that ever-memorable day, which, as he so justly remarks, was an event once not undeserving the reminiscences of the British Lion :"- i I a But yesterday a king, and armed with kings to strive and now a nameless thing, so abject yet alive.'' Fine talk forty years ago, when Civis Romanus lorded it over the subjugated Gaul on the far-off rock of the Indian sea, through that Lowe, who ought to have been a relation to the same named member for Kidderminster, for more reasons than one, Palmerstonians and personal. Friends of forty years' standing were worth preserving ; but, after that, they seem to be looked upon as " sick men," with a lively eye to their posthumous concernments. " All our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty . deaths" some time ago, and there were none of the old sort left last yesterday, 18th June, 1853\. Not one we are all so wise in our generation now that we might give our grandmothers lessons in the extraction of the inside of an egg -a science in which these respected females are supposed to have been tolerably adroit. Yesterday was the anniversary of an event once not undeserving the reminiscences of the British Lion Poor brute, its tail has been laughed off by h French poodle, the said pond c being the lusus naturae Voltaire described as a cross between a tiger and a monkey, and he ought to know what he was talking about in that particular. " Cervantes smiled Spain's chivalry away," says the poet, and it isn't for I want of sneering at the heroin that any of that com- modity is to be found amongst us. Waterloo Day, and no " guns, blunderbusses, trainee a, drum, or thunder," any more than if John Blight were Master of the Ordinance", which indeed, he is Observe, it is Ordnance with an i in it, and worth a Jew's eye it is, being 'the salvation of Mr. Disraeli".' Waterloo day, and a sovereign of the bayonet-baptised name of Victoria holds high revel in the court of her capital, and as she ought to do; yet, so through.' not to do', she ignores tribute of the two little flies solemnly stipulated by act of parliament the annually paid as interest for the noblest heritage ever won by English sword, the Dukedom of Wellington and its territorial apanage, the demesne of Strathfieldsaye. Ferruginous ghost of free iron F. M. nts it come to this already? is that the realisation of the Wizard of the North prophecy, that " Agincourt shall be forgot, and Cressy be an unknown spot, and Blenheims name be new, but that for ever in story and in song shall live the towers of Hougoumont," and so on ding dong A song there certainly was-" a sound of revelry by night in Pimlico Palace. All the Italian quality were there, and one Englishman. Was it a song of war for Knight"-o'-the Garter? Of' these there were four present, two Field Marshals, one being Uncle Leopold, who fought in the immortal fight, and now owns the field that fight had won, as well as the kingdom that field is in Not a bit of it. Knights of the Garter now mean carpet knights indeed; and even the, talk of battle makes them call for eau-de-Cologne (very much Cologne), like Hotspurs court-lord asking for an ounce of civet, good apothecary,"' when he entered the " villain- ous saltpetre," Did Ronconi and Bellette bellow " Buoni la Tromba" till he roof-tree of the Green Drawing room quivered like a harp string ? Fiddle micks ! Did Weiss shout, from Purcell's Bondnca, .' to arms," and " Britons, strike home !" strains that have cured the airs of fire-breathing colonels and put their pipes out ere now, and have taken, down the combs of Gallic cock-s-doodles do? No, nothing of the sort. Was "British Grenadiers" the give, and "Rule Britannia" the finale? No, even the " Roast Beef of Old England" wasn't served up ; but, in its stead, that maccaronified Rickshaw of a thing known as the laughing chorus-" Ysdasi via clique." He, has ! Extremely facetious on the 18th of June, particularly if cuckoos to Cherbourg by Malakhoff screaming eagle as he doubtless is to-day, for he wasn't at the concert last night. Here he nitric acid in the horned end of the entente cor. di ale I Waterloo Day, and the French ambassador not i hobnobbing with the heads of the corps diplomatique, who floikedlike be s up-the Bud Gage Walk swarm- ing to the sound of a copper kettle and a brass candlestick begging Conductor Costa's pardon for the comparison. What an opportunity for an enterprising member of Parliament in search of a sensation, or the pro action of one, to ask Ministers on Monday the reason, 1st, Why Marshal Pelissier wasn't at Buckingham Palace on Friday night ? 2ndly, why " Pourtant pour la Syrie " was omitted from the programme and 3rdly, if the Channel fleet had been strength and in consequence? Nothing so extravagant in the notion, after all Great wars have sprung from smaller matters before now ; but never before we were a great people afraid or ashamed to show mindfulness of a great war out of which they had come triumphant. Being so afraid and ashamed, every failure to inflict additional self degradation will be resented and serve us right. We changed the name of the Water- loo Gallery at Windsor, and England has been called a den of assisting, by our imperial flatterers, in return'' for our delicate attention. We were about to change the name of Waterloo bridge ; but the Thames, in a fit of hydrophobia at going to the dogs at this rate, turned into essence of dead cars would they were given ones I-and has been qualifying dwellers on its banks for Charon's ferry-boat ever since. We have sold Longwood ; made a present of the gun carriage that drew to the grave at the new Sesostris, who, born in King, made monarchs draw his car ;" and have parted with the bo yes of Bonaparte. What remains ? Nothing, but that we should forget there ever was so nothing. This we are doing fast ; but not half fast enough to please some people, who, on the principle of the wolf that you don't take offence with the lamb on its own account, picked a quarrel about its uncle. Suggvs ive relative I Ther hangs a tale needless to be unfolded now, its moral being that it should have a sting in it, such a sting as 18 h of June were wont to carry, ere croaking became a fashionable through reading frog-eaters. Why should we not think, if we don't say, as we did for-nearly I forty years : < j Now. Wand Empress, wave thy crest on high, And held the banner of the patron of our, Gallant St. George, the flower of Chivalry, 1 For thou hast faced, like him, a dragon foe, And rescued innocence from overthrown, And trampled down, like him, tyrannlomight; And to the gazing world mayst proudly show The chosen emblem of thy sainted Knight, ' Who quelled devouring pride and vindicated right. Had we stuck to this text we shouldn't now be Sydney Smith, in "Peter Plymlev," frightened our forefathers and foremothers when Boulogne really bristled with invasive machinery, men and material, fifty years ago, and concerning whose tragic prowess the comical canon of St Paul's appalled us thus : " As for the spin of the peasantry, in making a gallant defence behind hedgerows, and through plate racks and hencoops, highly as I think of their bravery, no nation is so liable to be struck with panic as the English, and this from their total macquarie ance with the science of war. Old wheat and beans blazing for twenty miles round ; cart mares shot ; sows of Lord Somerville's breed running wild over the country ; the minisr of the parish wounded sorely in the hinder parts ; Mrs. Piyra'of in fire all these scenes of war an Austrian or a Russian has seen three or four times over. But it is now three centuries since an English pig has fallen in fair battle on English ground, or a farm-house has been rifled, of a clergyman's- wife subjected to any other proposals of love than the connubial endearments of her sleek and orthodox- more." This was a, dozen years before Waterloo ; yet, now three dozen and a half years after Waterloo, the very same words, except stupidly instead of wittily said, find an equally ready to be frightened out of our lives, and lives that could be so frightened out can't be worth keeping in. Happy in He was the Great Captain " Victor of Assiye's eastern plain, victor of all the fields of Spain, victor of France's despot's reign but doubly happy in) death that he did not live to behold such degeneracy. But the Nenus's of poltroonery sleeps not. What if Belgium fascinate the Dutch sired nephew of the Napoleonic uncle, as the Ant Germans seem to think, and are arming in that belief ? What brings the King here at such a time ? He doesn't come for nothing, and assuredly his coming. cost us something, as per bill of particulars in the general estimates Perhaps it is about a bill now. Leopold, early in life, rivalled Bidder, the original calculating boy, and it isn't for want of practice that he can have ceased to be a Ready Reckoner, since. The story runs that L. N. B means to have the Waterloo . Mount reduced to a I mole-hill, and Leopold means to have it reduced to money. That is to say, though there is no necessity, to say it, for it is as plain as a pikestaff, the Belgian line is to be transmuted into a Coburg golden calf, and John Bull, of course, is to pay for the metempsychosis. The " trophy" is to be run over to please France ; Leopold, like a true citizen of the world as he is, and an are all his tribe, just as much as any of the men with whom our Chancellor of the Exchequer claims kindred, is perfectly agreeable, for a consideration; and the amount is the Question. Consideration for what. Vested interests, something of the Pacifico sort and we all know what that means, or may be made to mean in "judicious" hands. Two British built coaches, driven by British-built coachman, with British-built guards, and several British-bred blackguards for ostlers, helpers, grooms, and all the usual equine varieties of the stable minded home, keep up daily communication between Brussels and the little hostelrie at the further end of the village of St. Jean, with its piquant looking landlady as sharp as her own French mustard.. For this condiment she takes two francs a spoonful, presenting you with the sandwich gratis, as she can't mean to charge for that, the meat being evidently off a horse that was formed during the battle, and is relished entirely in an archaeological sense, there being no other conceivable flavour about it. These couple of coaches recall the Seftoniandsysof the vehicular glories of the I Saracen's H _d, Hall-street, Liverpool, when four-in-hand were regarded as a British institution, the envy and admiration of surrounding beholders, native and for' ign. These days and these drugs have so long gone down the road of time in British latitudes, that they have an antiquarian rumble tumble sort of sound in modern ears here. But there they are revived and the ribbons, and the box, and the leaders, and the wheelers, live again, as when ten miles an hour was deemed the maximum , of sublunary pro- gression. Remove these, and of course the damage must be made good Then there is a growing crop of two-legged Blues. Is sprouts human vegetables, all along the skirt of " by w 10d' dark Saignies." These are young gentlemen who tumble heels over head in the mud for the <n certain ment of the travellers who throw them a son or two occasionally, and witness a skirmish for the sport in the mire as fierce in its mine at Ararat La Haye Sainte. As father of h ».people-T.eopold must look after the interests of these inner nts and in consequence of their tender years, will take care of what may be forthcoming on their account. THe iU«9J»r_&J;_b3JUÙdes*. and mr excellence Sergeant Mundy, the British gold .. But really the sergeant ought to be handed over to the nephew of the little corporal, who would provide for him "k Ia Cantillon, and on much the same grounds; for to each lengths does he carry his cosmopolitan feelings of late that he considers it his duty to tell his English listeners, and the English listeners deem it their duty deferentially to hear, that Bonaparte had the best of the business everywhere for that if it were not for Jerome moving the guns too soon here, and if it were not for D'Erlon's horse moving too late, there, and if Ney's foot hadn't moved small, and if Napoleon hadn't to remove 10,000 men just in the thick of the chair to keep Bulow's corns, in check, and if a variety of things that didn't occur did. and a variety that did didn't, then in that case, beyond all doubt there would have been a different tale to tell. The sergeant, after telling you all this, and that the French fought like demi- gods, and showing you how it was done and how it wasn't, recommends you to buy h'S dead brotHer-in-law's book, the " Voice from Waterloo," by Sergeant-Major Cotton, whose grave he shows you, and where he says his own will be one of these days. Ton buy the book, price half, a-crown ; and you find it tells you the very reverse of what you have been hearing that Napoleon never had a chance, and that Wellington had it nearly all his own way from the beginning, and' entirely so at the end, before-a shot was heard in the direction of Wahre, or that anything was known of Blucher's sp prnsch. Hallo, you say, what sort of history is this r If before your eyes, and under your very nose, and with a living witness of the so-called facts sobering into your ears, and after ten thousand volumes have been written on the incidents, you can't make head or tail of what has happened, how is posterity to get on? Nay, look only at the crowning confusion this very day- the leading family illustrated journal, a mighty oracle on such matters. giving a pictorial delineation of George the Fourth visit to the field in 1821, with the Duke, his sacred MxjeUy never having been within thirteen miles of the place, having been laid up with a fit of blue devils from rum punch the night before the journey he intended to make, and which the British newspaper gnbemoueh.es of that enlightened epoch believed he did make, and which British painters, engravers, and wooden headed cutters of wood represented him as having made, the First Gentleman in Europe countenancing the rascally hoax It is only these last few years Mnndy's narrative has taken the turn aforesaid. Formerly it was British to the backbone and in at the Scots' Greys cut up their three cuirassiers a-piece, each of the Grena- diers spiked half a-dozen artillerymen at their own guns. Life Guard Shaw pummelled several of the infantry into smooth with his fists, and everything used to happen according to the fashion in which the Eng fish young idea was taught to shoot in the olden time. But since the cordial alliance' has cropped up, and especially since the Napoleon and Eugenie visit, all has changed and one leaves the field with the persua- sion that we are considerably indebted to our ancient enemy for having permitted me to get off as we did in 1815\. Whether this grovelling tide has turned since the Orsini affair, and whether it will go on turning those who have " trod upon an empire's dust " this season can says the writer is talking of his own experience in '56. The only real, true, and particular account of the actual business done, attempted, and left undone, was to have been out to-day, to wit an English edition of Captain Brialraont's work of forty years, edited by Gleig, chaplain-general of her Majesty's forces, and wish data specially furnished by the late and present Wellington. This volume is to put an end to all controversy, and cook the Corsican gooBs's pretensions to be an eagle, as well as those of his heir to be a Phcc lix However, it hasn't appeared. Perhaps the copyright is to be included in the purchase of the " relics ;" and as the captain is a brave Beige, Leopold will be sure to drive a good bargain for him, and for somebody else too. The king, it is to be assumed, will hand over the field to the emperor, who will religiously rail it in, plough it up, smooth it down, sow wild oats upon it, and call it Mamelon or Redan, or something of that sort. in the Ideas Napoleonnes line. Then, after a shuffle of the complimentary cards, between the royal crowned head and the imperial head that never will be crowned, the little bill will be sent into us, and of course settled by na Then, equally of course, we shall be abused by all parties all round, and perfide Albion execrated as the incarnation of avarice, petty fogging, and conspiracy-hatching. 