THE CONFERENCE OF THE CLERGY. On Sunday last, at St. Mary's Cathedral, the Venerable the Archdeacon addressed a few words to the congregation, at 11 o'clock mass, on this sub- ject. He said that, knowing they were anxious to be made acquainted with the result of the conference lately held at Campbelltown, he begged to inform them in general terms of the particulars connected therewith. After the celebration of the Mass of the Holy Ghost by his Grace the Archbishop, to implore the blessing of the Divine Spirit on their proceedings, the first thing done was to carry out a very good plan adopted by his Grace, by which the clergy were divided into committees ot seven or eight chosen by ballot, to whom the various points for consideration were duly submitted. The several committees then considered these points seriatim, and, having come to a very unanimous conclusion, each clergyman in his own words handed in his own individual opinion, in writing, to his Grace. There was a remarkable unanimity of opinion amongst the whole body on the following points : — That it was desirable to sub- divide the immense region comprised in the Arch- diocese into more Bishoprics; that there was no doubt that a competent provision would be made by the people for the suitable support of the new bishops and clergy introduced under the proposed subdivision. That the various religious orders should be invited and encouraged to establish themselves here for the purpose of advancing the interests of a higher degree of education of youth, both male and female. That religious and lay teachers should be invited to undertake the manage ment of our primary schools. That the co-operation of the laity with the clergy in the management of the temporalities of the several churches was desirable. Such is a pieeise account of the explanation of the Venerable Archdeacon at St. Mary's. At St. Benedict's Church a paper was read, which said very shortly — 'that a conference had taken place; that about forty clergymen had attended, and approved unanimously of all the Archbishop had already done ; and that this expression of approval had been referred to the Holy See, the centre of union and the source of authority.' At St. Patrick's, also, an explanation was given to the effect that the sub-division of the Archdiocese into bishopricks was recommended to the Holy See, where, only, the matter could be determined upon, the number of bishopricks fixed, and the manner of carrying out the proceedings in connexion with the step definitely arranged. It was likewise stated that the most perfect unanimity existed amongst the clergy as to the urgent necessity that existed for the promotion of education amongst them, and, also, of such other measures as may be deemed conducire to the good of religion. To bring about these results it was deemed advisable to put in requisition the menus and appliances bo abundantly at the com mand of tke Church for such objects. The Conference at Campbelltown.— On Sunday last, the Rev. Mr. Roche announced to his congregation from the altar that the conference of the Clergy, lately held in that town, had resulted most satisfactorily, and, he trusted, beneficially to the future prospects of our holy Church in this country. He stated that the greatest unanimity prevailed amongst his clerical brethren on every subject brought forward for consideration ; and that his Grace acceded most cheerfully to the proposi- tions urged by the clergy. Amongst other salutary measures, the reverend gentleman stated that his Grace would recommend to Rome the appoint ment of bishops for Maitland, Goulburn, Bathurst, Albury, and Moreton Bay — conditionally that the clergy from their respective localities would guarantee that the laity would contribute sufficient, funds for their maintenance. This guarantee, the reverend gentleman stated, the clergy gave without hesitation. The reverend gentleman made the joyful announcement, at the same time, that a community of Christian Brothers were to be intro duced, for the more efficient instruction of the Catholic youth of the colony ; but that, before these desirable measures could be practically carried oiit, a general subscription from tho Catholics of tho Archdiocese would be called for, to set the matter in working order. The daily growing important question of a native priesthood, it appears, was urged upon the notice of the conference. It appeared, from the reverend gentleman's observa tions, that the great scarcity of missionary priests in the mother country, and the difficulty in'supply. ing the demand at home, rendered it imperative upon the assembled clergy lo urge upon the heads of families in their respective congregations the duty of training and educating for the Church one or more of their sons. ' There can be no higher or more glorious calling,' said his reverence, ' thim that of a minister of God.' And, unless we mis take the feelings and warm-hearted response of onr countrymen, many an Irish father went home that day — after hearing the eloquent and soul-stirring appeal of the pious and exemplary Father Roche — determined to educate one of his boys, at least for the glorious mission of the Church in this part of the Lord's vineyard. — Communicated. 